The OZN adopted 13 theses on the Jewish question.
The organisation responded to the brutal regime with bombings to some targets that represented the financial supporters of the junta.
Created nominally in 1938 but dissolved soon after, it reemerged during World War II.
Indeed, the group lost two of its deputies - Rössler and Fritz Dorls - to this more extreme party upon its foundation.
The newspaper of the organization was En Lucha.
It was generally regarded as crypto-fascist, but not racist.
It was founded with nine members, the communist parties of the U.S.S.R., Bulgaria, Czechoslovakia, Hungary, Poland, Romania, Yugoslavia, France, and Italy.
The party presents itself as an alternative to the two-party system of Hamas and Fatah.
Broad Left Front is a political coalition of leftist parties and movements in Peru.
The party, commonly referred to as "The Nationals," has generally been the minor party in a centre-right Coalition with the Liberal Party of Australia in government.
Foreign affairs took a leading role in 1794–95 as the Republicans vigorously opposed the Jay Treaty with Britain, which was then at war with France.
The NDP was founded in 1961 out of the merger of the Co-operative Commonwealth Federation with the Canadian Labour Congress.
It won in the 1 July and 8 July 2007 Territorial Council elections 6 out of 23 seats.
In 2010 the faction embraced the Committee for a Workers' International.
It was represented in the Polish parliament, forming part of the cabinet of Jarosław Kaczyński, until the latter dissolved in September 2007.
Its founders included Bishop Marcelo Crivella, who had been elected in 2002 as a senator representing the Liberal Party, from the state of Rio de Janeiro.
AIYL is a member of World Federation of Democratic Youth.
The party won two House of Representatives of Trinidad and Tobago seats in the general election on 24 May 2010: Tobago East and Tobago West.
It is currently led by Māra Viktorija Zilgalve.
In 1944, the national party was performing well in the polls and a CCF government was elected in neighbouring Saskatchewan.
The Statt Party was a minor political party in Germany.
The Democratic Unionist Party is a unionist political party in Northern Ireland.
As a result of the 18 July 2017 general election, it is the official opposition.
Hardie became the party's Secretary, while George Mitchell was the first Treasurer and Cunninghame Graham was the President.
In October 2000, the UFD-EN was dissolved by the government, which alleged that it incited violence and harmed national interests.
After the start of the Spanish Civil War, Vicente Risco and some other militants joined the Francisco Franco regime, due to their Catholic ideology.
is a centre-right political party in Italy, based in Veneto.
Slightly less than a year after its creation it merged with the West German Social Democratic Party of Germany.
On 25 October 1945 fist-fights broke out between the two groups at a meeting of the BSP.
The alliance is also called the Supporting the President coalition.
It is considered a modernist and moderate party, supporting social justice and social freedom.
It is one of the oldest parties in Kosovo.
The Committee for Another Policy, abbreviated to CAP, is a Belgian left-wing political movement that was established in 2005, and became a political party since 2006.
The party contested the 2012 Melbourne state by-election on July 21, and received about 1 percent of the vote.
In the 1989 European elections, it took 0,42% of the vote.
It was constituted as UCE in 1973.
Andrés Manuel López Obrador was the first leader.
The Young People's Party UK is a Georgist political party in the United Kingdom, i.e., it follows the ideology of 19th-century economist Henry George.
Luyt claims inspiration by Guillaume Faye's works in the Nouvelle Droite movement.
Thornton's positions were met with criticism from the Saint Helena government, discarding the economic policies of the Saint Helena Labour Party as unrealistic.
It took 21 years before another opposition coalition formed in Malaysia: Angkatan Perpaduan Ummah and Gagasan Rakyat in 1990.
The Party demands that the Government of Sarawak have to reform the state government system and go out from the available comfort zone.
Suomen Pientalonpoikien puolue was registered in the end of 1958.
It has 2 out of the 480 seats in the House of Representatives, and 3 in the 242-member House of Councillors.
In the 2003 session of the CPR, it held 2 seats.
It is a member of the national Recrear electoral alliance led by Ricardo López Murphy.
During the period of 1995-2000 CRLI was member of Left Front.
Continuing to add to the body of knowledge through primary research.
Oleg Mitvol became the chairman of the alliance’s central council.
It was involved in the incident in Greensboro, North Carolina, when a confrontation between Klansmen, Nazis and communists left five people dead.
The party was founded on 30 May 2012 as a merger of the New Socialist Party and Sammarinese Reformist Socialist Party.
It was de-facto established after the split of the social movement Belarusian Popular Front or BPF in 1999.
The PdL formed Italy's government from 2008 to 2011 in coalition with Lega Nord.
The party has an extremely narrow base, which is the Esangui clan of the Fang tribe, located in the Mongomo region of Río Muni.
In the 2004 general elections the party polled 10,736 votes.
Radical Change is a political party in Colombia.
The party symbol is the balisier flower and the Party's political headquarters is known as the "Balisier House" located in Port of Spain .
In the run-off, he finished a distant second to Jacques Chirac.
Kibaki is the leader of the DP.
Pim Fortuyn began his political career in the party.
Debuting in the 2007 Armenian parliamentary elections, it obtained 3.38% of the popular vote and no seats in parliament.
Al‑Nour Party itself won 111 of the 127 seats.
The National Democratic Action Society - Wa'ad is Bahrain's largest leftist political party.
Due to formal error, the party was de-registered in 2008.
The new party did however maintain close links with the SPD, and its political orientation was largely the same as that of the SPD.
First a member of the Hellenic Parliament and then Mayor of Athens, Avramopoulos became one of the most popular Greek politicians.
DSG was founded in the run-up to the 1954 legislative election by Abdoulaye Diallo, Chaikou Baldé and Ibrahima Barry.
All employees were assured a two-week paid vacation, and the rights of unions were strengthened.
Women for Another Europe was a short-lived electoral coalition in Greece.
The Democratic Party was founded as a breakaway from the ruling right-wing National Unity Party in 1992.
The Southern Cameroons National Council is a self determination organisation seeking the independence of the anglophone Southern Cameroons from the predominantly francophone Republic of Cameroon.
Sangakar is the vice-president of the party.
The party's leader, Theresa May, is currently serving as Prime Minister.
The party was founded in 1936 and was close to the Nuestra Raza group.
The Mohajir Qaumi Movement, whose leader is Afaq Ahmed, is a political party claiming to represent the Mohajir in Sindh, Pakistan.
The PSD's representation in the Brazilian Chamber of Deputies steadily shrunk from 52.8% of the seats in 1945 to 28.9% in 1962.
The Wa Democratic Party is a political party in Myanmar.
FER participated in the next general elections in Kosovo on 12 December 2010, and enjoyed great popularity.
It campaigns largely on an anti-corruption platform.
When the Whigs subsequently regained control, the Representation of the People Act 1832 removed the rotten boroughs, many of which were controlled by Tories.
The Pirate Party's associated youth organisation, Young Pirate, was, for a part of 2009 and 2010, the largest political youth organisation in Sweden by membership count.
At the end of the year 1989 the party had 1500 members with focal points in Berlin and Halle.
AIADMK had swept 134 Seats and got re-elected to retain power in Tamil Nadu.
At the same time, the ZACF believes such movements can only undertake a revolutionary transformation of society when they are won to revolutionary anarchist positions.
Until the 2013 federal election, the CDU/CSU formed federal government in coalition with the Free Democratic Party.
In this respect, the party said it would be guided by the customary land ownership policy implemented in Vanuatu.
During the Torrijos government, the Christian Democrats opposed the military regime and calls for a civilian-ruled democracy.
Afterwards, the Kaishintō adopted an increasingly nationalistic foreign policy, and in March 1896 merged with several smaller nationalist parties to form the Shimpotō.
PAS's electoral base is in Malaysia's rural and conservative north.
The party is a federal party with branches in each state and territory.
It was also known as simply the Kokumintō.
In 2006, a dissident organization with the same name was established.
Centre-left coalition refers to a political alliance of political parties in Italy.
The party launched on 3 September 2006, founded by two Scottish Socialist Party MSPs, Tommy Sheridan and Rosemary Byrne, in the aftermath of Sheridan's libel action.
Having two parties with Hindu majority was not perceived as representing the whole population and ethnic minorities.
The party held at least one seat in Parliament from 2002 to 2011 following its leader, Jim Anderton's victories in the electorate of Wigram.
The Socialist Party – Broad Front of Ecuador is a leftist political party in Ecuador.
As a platformist–especifista organisation, the ZACF subscribes to the idea of an "active minority".
The party's youth wing is the Grey Wolves organization, which is also known as the "Nationalist Hearths".
It is the major party of the Norwegian centre-right, and the leading party in the governing Solberg cabinet.
Moreover, official North Korean sources claim that the meeting was held on October 10.
The founders of BLLP had been leaders of the Democratic Bahujan Samaj Morcha, which had merged with BSP.
Society and the public authorities shall have the duty to extend particular care to children without a family and to those without adequate means of support.
The House Liberty Caucus is a congressional caucus consisting of conservative, libertarian, and libertarian conservative Republican members of the United States House of Representatives.
The Moderate Republicans were a large political group active from the birth of the French Second Republic to the collapse of the Second French Empire.
Mongolian Liberal Union Party is a party which aims to separate Inner Mongolia from China.
The M5S is variously considered populist, anti-establishment, environmentalist, anti-globalist, and Eurosceptic.
One of the campaign goals of the KSDP was to amend parts of the 2008 constitution.
The organ of the party was Tariq at-Thawra.
The organization was established in 1917 as the result of a split of left wing members of the Social Democratic Party of Germany.
The youths of the different Carlist Parties and Carlist groups group together in the Carlist Youths.
It was the 63rd political party to be founded in the country and also the most recent political party to be registered in Nigeria.
It operated only in the regions IX, X and, XII in the southern parts of the country.
It dissolved in 1976, and its successor was the Rally for the Republic founded by Jacques Chirac.
On January 5, 1931 DSAP–Linke organized an assembly in Łódź.
In 2001, the New Space decided to re-join the Broad Front for the 2004 campaign.
The Communist Party of Great Britain is a political group which publishes the Weekly Worker newspaper.
In the 2014 Ukrainian parliamentary election the party won one constituency parliamentary seat.
The Krishak Sramik Janata League (Bengali: কৃষক শ্রমিক জনতা লীগ, lit.
Venezuelan Popular Unity is a left-wing political party in Venezuela.
The Centre Party is a member of the centre-right coalition the Alliance with the Moderate Party, Liberal Party and the Christian Democrats.
PBM, the only remaining party in SF, abandoned it on 10 January 1966 and reverted to its own banner.
They broke from the PCE in 1980.
The Centrist Coalition was a centrist electoral alliance in Egypt made up of the Civilization Party and the Wasat Party .
Subsequently, leading Haredi rabbis Ya'akov Yosef and David Meir Drukman announced cessation of support of Eretz Yisrael Shelanu.
The Organization of Yugoslav Nationalists, was a political organization in Yugoslavia that existed from 1921 to 1929.
VLSSP should not be confused with Lanka Sama Samaja Party, which was a later splinter group of LSSP.
A source of discontent was the issue of parliamentary tactics.
The Civilista Party was a political party in Peru.
However, Austrian researcher Hans Azenbaum, who studied the ideology of NCPSU, tends to view this party as the one focusing on the "third way", i.e.
The party is also a member of the Liberal International and Centrist Democrat International.
The VLD fell from second to third place among the Flemish political parties, slipping narrowly behind the sp.a-Spirit cartel.
The Radicals participated three times in the parliamentary elections and once in the municipal elections.
Though it sees itself as the ideological successor to the historical Herut party it is a new and separate party.
The activity of CPI(ML) Party Unity was concentrated in central Bihar; the districts of Jehanabad, Gaya, Aurangabad, Palamu, Nalanda and Nawada.
LeftDem, whose complete name is LeftDem – Open Field, is a social-democratic faction within the Democratic Party, a political party in Italy.
The party won only two of the National Assembly's 47 seats, and just under one third of the votes cast.
Ronna Romney McDaniel was the chairman of the party, having been elected in 2015 by delegates to the Republican State Convention, and Jeff Sakwa is co-chairman.
However, Sutyadeo Moutia remained with the government.
The party has no seats in either Seimas, European Parliament or local municipalities.
Since 2016, the DA also governs several of South Africa's major metropolitan municipalities.
It received five Academy Award nominations and four British Academy Film Award nominations, where it won Best Special Visual Effects.
After the election ULF merged with the People's United Left Front, forming the United Front.
After the 2004 Legislative Council election, the term "pan-democracy camp" was more in use as more different parties and politicians from different political spectrums emerged.
In the 1979 general and municipal elections POG formed part of the coalition Galician Unity.
During the summer of 1955, the party had a paper called Veckoposten.
The party is claims to be liberal, but has been accused of being affiliated with exiled cleric Fethullah Gülen.
JMNO did however fail to attract any major section of the JMO vote-bank.
In the 1984 general elections, the BNF gained control of the Gaborone City Council and other urban councils; it also won five of 34 parliamentary seats.
Several Tupamaros participate in peaceful movements while some believe the "idea of armed struggle as a means to gain power."
In April 2012, the party excluded Ivan Simčič after it has been disclosed that he faked his secondary school report, thus losing one seat.
In September 2013, the party was dissolved by Abdul Qadeer Khan.
It was formed as a merger of Iniciativa per Catalunya and Els Verds.
He is also one of the Ministers in the Prime Minister's Department, Malaysia.
It is a member of the Socialist International and the Party of European Socialists.
In June 2001 a high-ranking leader of CPUSI, Yerra Narasa Reddy, surrendered to the police.
a group of splinters from Liga Veneta Repubblica
Karran had been, until 2004, a member of the Manx Labour Party.
It is also eurosceptic and wishes to implement Swiss-style direct democracy.
The group had links to far-left Kurtuluş Hareketi before the 1980 Turkish coup d'état.
It beat the United People's Freedom Alliance, a left-leaning coalition, which won 44.38% of the vote.
From 1999 until 2005 it sometimes participated in coalition governments.
The Australian Greens Victoria, also known as the Victorian Greens, is the Victorian state member party of the Australian Greens, a green political party in Australia.
The World Socialist Party was a Marxist political party in the Impossibilist tradition.
It was the largest political party in the canton, holding twenty seats on the Grand Council at its dissolution.
Consequently, Newcastle United F.C., Sunderland A.F.C., Middlesbrough F.C.
The Bloc Québécois is a federal political party in Canada devoted to Quebec nationalism and the promotion of Quebec sovereignty.
The BNP-Congress combine won 10 of 12 seats in the governing body and 2/3 of all village councils.
These included Covatta, who would go on to become spokesman of the party in November 2015, succeeding to Bonelli.
This trend has continued following the 2016 Elections where all statewide democrats were either re-elected or were replaced by another democrat.
One of these moves was the attempt at forming a Federal party led by Mulira and financed by Masembe-Kabali.
Guillermo Ford became Second Vice-President of the Republic.During this term Alonso Fernandez Guardia was president of the National Assembly.
After several years as an opposition party the PF gained power in the 2011 general elections.
Kerala Congress is a splinter group of Kerala Congress, which itself is a splinter faction of Kerala Congress.
The party formed a parliamentary coalition called Justice Coalition with the Mongolian People's Revolutionary Party, a party established in 2010.
In 2012, MNDF illegally abducted the Chief Judge of Criminal Court Abdulla Ahmed.
Election Committee set up 130 candidates, in all electoral constituencies.
The party was a member of the European People's Party.
Effectively al-Minbar came to act as a successor to the NLF.
The Slovenian Democratic Party is liberal-conservative political party in Slovenia.
The Federation of the Left was an electoral alliance of communist political parties in Italy.
The secretary-general is Nabil Merhaj and the co-founder and spokesman is Maher Mirhej
The list of senators in Santiago got 54,536 votes, which were not enough to choose any senator.
However Gökçe Fırat claims, Kurdish ethnicity and language are artificial, which were created by imperialist powers, especially Tsarist Russia and British Empire.
The Citizens Party of the United States is a political party in the United States.
The origins of the NCP lie in the Communist Party of Great Britain from which it split in 1977.
The creation of this party by the SNTE, a group that has traditionally supported the PRI in every election caused accusations of treason for Gordillo.
A party bearing the same name existed between 1996 and 2008.
However at the legislative elections of 11 September 2000, the party lost the seat.
The party was strongest in Ogliastra, where Ladu comes from, and in the Province of Olbia-Tempio.
HaOlim was a short-lived one-man political faction in Israel.
Its primary constituency was the large Burundian refugee population situated in neighboring Rwanda.
It should be not confused with the historic/old Mexican Communist Party, extinguished in 1981.
Finally, in 1987, the reins of the party were taken by Gianfranco Fini, under whom it was transformed into National Alliance in 1995.
However, just before the Sarawak State Elections in April 2011, SNAP withdrew from Pakatan, citing seat allocation disagreements with PKR.
SSP was formed through a split in the Praja Socialist Party in 1964.
PTC and PTN both decided to support Aécio Neves, from the rival centrist Brazil Can Do More coalition.
Surgical registrar Dr Alex Ashman was elected as the party's leader in December 2016 following the resignation of co-founder Clive Peedell earlier that year.
The Arabic Popular Movement is a political party in Egypt created by members of the Tamarod movement.
In the Senate it holds 2 of the 75 seats.
He afterwards published an editorial in favorable support of the aims and aspirations.
For the 2005 presidential elections, the Humanist Party was a member of the coalition Juntos Podemos Más.
The Communist Party of Iran, Persian: حزب کمونیست ایران‎‎, is an Iranian communist party working in opposition to the government of the Islamic Republic of Iran.
It attracted 872 voters, or 0.04% of total New Zealand voter share.
It became the Home Rule League in 1873.
In the 1980s it was one of the three major pro-democracy groups.
Independent Green Voice is a minor environmentalist political party in Scotland.
The party is currently led by Jaime Caycedo and publishes a weekly newspaper called Voz.
The European People’s Party of Moldova is a centre-right political party in Moldova.
The New Democratic Front is a political party in Sri Lanka.
The party was founded by former Mani pulite prosecutor Antonio Di Pietro, who entered politics in 1996.
The Donald Duck Party is a Swedish joke political party named after the Disney character Donald Duck.
After the rally the police had to escort the participants to safety to save them from being attacked and beaten up by the bystanders.
The alliance became the MR during a congress in 2002, where the German-speaking liberal party, the Party for Freedom and Progress joined as well.
The al-Wasat Party, translated in English as the Center Party, is a moderate Islamist political party in Egypt.
From 1997, and until 2002, Motzfeldt was again Prime Minister, until he was succeeded by Hans Enoksen.
That way the disaffected voter can use their vote to say that none of the parties currently represents them.
The Ustaše supported the creation of a Greater Croatia that would span the Drina River and extend to the border of Belgrade.
In 1996, Muintir sought a boycott of Virgin Media for selling pornography.
The monttvarista National Party is not to be confused with the National Party formed in 1966.
Despite its losses to the BCP, the BDP won enough constituencies from the BNF to increase its overall representation by one seat.
In the 1937 General Election, the party's strength fell from 32 seats to 11 seats.
The party positioned itself as a 'revolutionary democratic centre-left nationalist' party.
The party was founded in the 1960s to represent the anti-communist Slovenes in the Italian Julian March.
The founders of the party were Afro-Uruguayan intellectuals whom sought to develop the party as a platform to elect Afro-Uruguayans to Congress.
The MAPU/OC aimed at forming a "third proletarian party" in Chile, supporting cooperation with the Communist Party of Chile and the Socialist Party.
The Zambian African National Congress was a political party in Zambia.
It used to be called JambI, Joves amb Iniciativa.
Stelescu reinterpreted nationalist ideology through the lens of anticapitalism and "humane" antisemitism, appropriating some ideas from communism and Italian fascism.
Most of the founders were former members of the Social Democratic Party of Finland.
Former presidents Carlos Menem, Eduardo Duhalde, and Cristina Fernández de Kirchner are members.
The party was formerly a member of the European Free Alliance.
However, Mohamed Nasheed did not turn out to be the Democratic champion the people envisaged.
African Autonomist Movement was a political party in French West Africa, led by Amadou Ba.
Its presidential candidate, Jaime Damerval, won 0.4% of the vote in 2006.
The Alternative for Bulgarian Revival is a centre-left political party in Bulgaria.
On 29 November 2013 MIR became an associate party of Forza Italia and Walter Ferrazza resigned as Undersecretary, because FI was passed to the opposition.
The Taiwan Constitution Association is a Taiwanese political party.
He served also as the Minister of Environment when the People’s Party participated in the Reform Party’s coalition government.
The My Homeland Egypt Party is an Egyptian political party that is composed of "diehards" of the Hosni Mubarak-era National Democratic Party.
The PCR coordinated several organizations during its existence, including the Union of Communist Youth, and organized training for its cadres at the Ștefan Gheorghiu Academy.
On 30 January 2008 it was announced the People's Party and the newly founded Party for Economic Development of Abkhazia had signed a cooperation agreement.
This is a loss of 3 seats from the previous election.
Secretary General : Mr Muhammad Hairullah Ahmad
The party's leader, Sékou Touré, became the country's first president.
It believes that an independent Greenland should be competitive.
Advocating federalism as a means of increasing Kurdish autonomy in the south-east of the country, the party split from the Democratic People's Party in 2002.
The Christian Democratic Union is a minor Christian democratic political party in Latvia.
The Popular Unity was a left-wing political alliance in Chile that stood behind the successful candidacy of Salvador Allende for the 1970 Chilean presidential election.
It was established in September 2009 by Željko Kerum, an entrepreneur and mayor of Split after he won the mayoral elections as an independent candidate.
Nine days after Barak announced his retirement from politics, it was announced that Independence would not contest the 2013 Knesset elections.
During the Hungarian Revolution of 1956, the party was reorganised into the Hungarian Socialist Workers' Party by a circle of communists around Kádár and Imre Nagy.
Jaipal Singh, a leader of the Adivasi Mahasabha, joined the party.
The Brazilian Democratic Movement was a political party in Brazil that existed from 1965 to 1979.
The Modern Equality Party is a centre-left political party in Azerbaijan.
All Labour Party members aged 15 to 26 are members of Young Labour.
In April 2005, the movement joined the National Understanding Front of Afghanistan, a 12-member front of opposition parties.
Chronologically, DZH was fourth party of Croats from Serbia and third that emerged from dissatisfied fractions of the Democratic Alliance of Croats in Vojvodina.
The Rally of Progressive National Democrats is a political party in Haiti.
His battalion arrived in Pyongyang just as the Soviets were looking for a suitable person who could assume a leading role in North Korea.
"Dagga" is a South African colloquial term for cannabis, the legalisation of which forms the core of the party's platform.
The party participated in the parliamentary elections of May 6 and received 31 votes, although they did not have ballots .
It also supported the factions that sought a political compromise with the Chilean army and the Christian Democrats.
Vidarbha Rajya Nirman Congress is a political party in the Indian state of Maharashtra.
He won 44.9% of the vote in the 2001 presidential election, behind René and ahead of Boullé.
The Communist Party of Bulgaria is a communist party in Bulgaria, currently led by Aleksandar Paunov.
It was able to raise its votes to 124 in Zentrum; however, it lost in Margareten.
The Socialist Workers Party is an Irish Trotskyist political party founded in 1971 as the Socialist Workers Movement.
The party was founded in 1997, through a split in the Jordanian Communist Party.
The National Alliance's Party for Unity is a centrist political party in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, founded in 2003.
Founded in 1912, it represented the more moderate wing of the labour movement.
The Party of Danube Serbs is a non-parliamentary Serb minority political party in Croatia.
It was the country's second-largest party between approximately 1954 and 1974.
The party advocated liberalism and the bringing down of Milo Đukanović's rule, seeing it as authoritarian and undemocratic.
The Democratic Party of Japan was a centrist political party in Japan.
The boycott turned out to be very successful.
The HKFTU leaders became the founding members of the Democratic Alliance for the Betterment of Hong Kong, today's largest pro-Beijing party, in 1992.
The National Prohibition Party was a minor party in the United Kingdom which advocated the prohibition of alcohol.
Thousands of people were gathered on the day of his liberation at Plaine-Verte.
It was dominated by António de Oliveira Salazar during most of its existence.
The party stated in September 2012 that it and the Renaissance Party would merge.
The party emerged from the Sunflower Student Movement in 2014 and advocates for universal human rights, civil and political liberties, as well as Taiwan independence.
It merged into the Harmony party in 2010.
As a result, Ishihara's group split off from the JRP and formed the Party for Future Generations.
The party welcomes Burkinabè from all backgrounds, ‘regardless of religious or philosophical beliefs, race and sex’, aiming to consolidate national unity and democracy.
engaged in political violence against minorities and their political opponents.
This party was registered in the Supreme Electoral Court in the summer of 2012 and has not participated in any election.
The Ecology Democracy Party is a deep ecological political party in the U.S. state of Minnesota.
The Nuclear Disarmament Party was an Australian political party formed in June 1984.
The Communist Party of Brazil is a communist and Marxist–Leninist political party in Brazil.
At the 7 June 2001 County Council elections in Hertfordshire, a party registered as No Candidate Deserves My Vote!
Lincolnshire Independents is a British political party based in the county of Lincolnshire.
On December 19, 2009 the party merged with the Lithuanian Socialist Party to establish a new political party, the Socialist People's Front.
Partai Acoma consistuted a minority faction in SAKTI, the Indonesian Peasants Union.
Although several major foreign policy and economic reforms were attempted, continuous in-fighting and ideological differences made the Janata government unable to effectively address national problems.
The Bodoland People's Front is a state political party in Assam state in northeastern India.
The party defends Occitan and Aranese self-determination, socialism in an anticapitalist sense, direct democracy and ecologism.
On 6 August 2003, the party announced its return to the political scene in a statement, followed by a new publication called al-An.
It is part of the opposition coalition known as the Democratic Unity Table.
The party held its 14th national congress on August 21, 2000.
The Independent People's Party is a political party in Ghana.
The party general secretary Dieudonné Sawadogo was elected from Bam Province.
Thamarakshan contested as NDA Candidate in Lok Sabha Election 2014 for Alappuzha Lok Sabha constituency, but was defeated.
The Union of the Peoples of Cameroon is a political party in Cameroon.
The party's regionalist tradition dates back to the nineteenth century, in which the Spanish nation is seen to be based on 'regional liberties'.
In 1980 the party merged with the Catholic People's Party and the Christian Historical Union to form the Christian Democratic Appeal.
The Residents' Association of London is a minor political party in the United Kingdom, based in the London Borough of Havering.
It merged into Akali Dal on November 2011.
In the Greek legislative election, 1950 the party gained 3,65% and elected 7 MPs.
This new political course soon resulted in a strong surge in electoral support, although it also led the SPÖ to break ties.
The All People's Party is a political party in Namibia.
The Christian People's Party is a center-right and conservative political party based on Christian Democracy.
It used its military power gained through its coalition with the Front for the Restoration of Unity and Democracy and the Movement for Peace and Reconciliation.
was an anticommunist political party in Finland.
The Communist Party of Australia was founded in 1920 and dissolved in 1991.
This is a list of notable Malaysian politicians of Indian origin, including original immigrants who obtained Malaysian citizenship and their Malaysian descendants.
Prior to his assassination in August 2003, SCIRI was led by Ayatollah Mohammed Baqir al-Hakim; afterwards it was led by the ayatollah's brother, Abdul Aziz al-Hakim.
ADEMA-PASJ backed Touré for re-election in the April 2007 presidential election.
G. Devrajan is National Secretary of the All Indian Youth League.
The New Democratic Spirit is a center-right, conservative, political party in Albania.
The MR is member of Liberal International and the Alliance of Liberals and Democrats for Europe Party.
McCann then stood in the 2005 general election in the Foyle constituency, winning 3.6% of the vote.
The party's association with President and former Prime Minister Vladimir Putin has been the key to its success.
Nepal Labour Party is a political party in Nepal.
The coalition also included Banzer's Nationalist Democratic Action, the Revolutionary Left Movement, and Conscience of Fatherland.
The new 15-strong Independent Group is now the second largest group in the Council and is therefore the official Opposition.
The Parti Pertubuhan Kebangsaan Sabah Bersatu or in English: United Sabah National Organisation) is a political party in Malaysia.
The United Wa State Party is a political organisation in Myanmar, which campaigns for the interests of the Wa people.
Part of the organisation formed the Catalan Revolutionary Movement in 1975, to mobilise popular and legal support to the struggle of FAC.
From then and until 1864 it was the leading Danish party especially led by Hall.
It is the political successor of the coalition New Majority for Chile.
In late 1929, the party was weakened by an internal split.
The "Friendly Islands" are a name originally given to Tonga by Captain James Cook.
The formation of the National Liberation Movement led by Temístocles Díaz Q. created additional problems for the disintegrating CPN.
Leader of the party is Mikhail Shimansky.
The Bulgarian National Socialist Workers Party was a Nazi party based in the Kingdom of Bulgaria.
In the beginning the party had the name LB-SDL.
Pressed by the law, part of the debtors returned to thе state 547 billion non-dominated levs or 547 million in present value.
The party won 4 out of 500 seats in the parliamentary elections.
On one side were the forces of conservative liberalism known as the doceañistas, arrayed around the Moderate Party.
Communist Party of the Basque Country, is the federation of the Communist Party of Spain in Basque Country and Navarre.
SOS also supports the Club of Committed Non-Party Members and other liberal parties.
When it appeared to be winning a general election in January 1992, a military coup dismantled the party interning thousands of its officials in the Sahara.
Viduthalai Chiruthaigal Katchi is a Dravidian Tamil Nationalist political party in Tamil Nadu, India.
Until 1952, it was known as Communist Party of Croatia.
Founded in May 1991 by Eugen Barbu and Corneliu Vadim Tudor, it was led by the latter from that point until his death in September 2015.
The SelPU faction in the Verkhovna Rada consisted of 14 deputies.
The group claims ideological continuity with the original Black Panther Party for Self-Defense, a group active from 1966 to 1982.
The party won the Donbass general elections, 2014 with the 68,53% and 68 seats.
The Party of France is a nationalist political party in France.
The Russian Fascists were often used to kidnap various "unreliable" Russians living in Manchukuo for Unit 731 to experiment upon.
In March 2017, at a public forum in Sydney Australia, a Hizb ut-Tahrir spokesman was asked about Article 7c of the Hizb ut-Tahrir constitution.
In the legislative elections of 2002, the MOIR won a senate seat with a senator named Jorge Enrique Robledo.
It was founded and led by the former Mayor of Novi Sad and former Serbian Radical Party member Maja Gojković.
After the ouster of Morsi by the Egyptian military, a number of politicians from the National Salvation Front were moved into power, including three women.
The party won 4 out of 500 seats in the parliamentary elections.
The party's highest vote was 30.6 percent at the 1896 election.
Since 18 September 2014, the Social Democrats have been a coalition partner in the Cerar government.
In 1939, Cvetković–Maček Agreement helped in the establishing of the HSS-governed Banovina of Croatia.
He was an official UNITA ambassador in Europe from 1989 to 1994 and again from 1998 to 2002.
The Conservative party of Kenya is a political party in the Republic of Kenya.
It was designed to counter the influence of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints in Utah politics.
On domestic policy, the party supported privatization and smaller government, but also called for increasing the rights of women.
The party was founded in 1991 by Vojislav Šešelj.
The coalition included Arabs, Kurds, Assyrians, Yezidis and Shabaks.
The Party for the Autonomy of Gibraltar was a minority right-wing political party in Gibraltar founded on 7 September 1977.
In 2007 the bloc surprisingly managed to return to parliament as a union of the People's Party and the Labour Party.
Authentic Falange is a Falangist political party in Spain.
In the 2015 general elections it lost both Tobago seats to the PNM.
When order was finally restored, at the price of an exceedingly brutal repression, forty-nine Congolese were officially reported killed and 101 wounded.
The Ethiopian People's Revolutionary Party, also referred to as Ihapa or the EPRP, is the first modern political party in Ethiopia, established in April 1972.
The party is led by Nouri al-Maliki, who was Prime Minister of Iraq between 20 May 2006 and 8 September 2014.
ALD was however severely defeated by the Aosta Valley coalition.
The New Party was a former political party in Turkey that was founded on 23 June 2008.
With a decidedly antiforal and redemptionist character, in its first formulation, constituted the radical sector of the Galician agrarianist in the 1910s.
In the 2014 European Parliament election, the party won no seats.
The Enragés became associated with this term for their angry rhetoric appealing to the Convention to take more measures that would benefit the poor.
It will fully integrate into the CNRP and officially disband in the next Senate elections.
The Justice Party) is a left-wing political party in Ukraine.
The Seiyūkai came into power in October 1900 under the 4th Itō administration.
The party has been in opposition at the federal level since the 2013 election.
Before the 1977 election the party merged into Union of the Democratic Centre.
National Development Party is a political party in Karnataka, India.
In the 2002 municipal elections LP got 382 votes and one seat in the municipal council.
Australians for Constitutional Monarchy is a group that aims to preserve Australia's current constitutional monarchy, with Elizabeth II as Queen of Australia.
While Johnson was personally close to Theodore Roosevelt, he was much closer ideologically to U.S.
The party's dominant figure from 1950 to 1971, and effective leader of East Germany, was Walter Ulbricht.
The Workers Party of Bangladesh is a communist party in Bangladesh.
The party was a charter member of the Afrikaner Volksfront coalition group.
Al-Sallabi has strong ties to both Yusuf al-Qaradawi, spiritual leader of the international Muslim Brotherhood, and Abdelhakim Belhadj, former "emir" of the Libyan Islamic Fighting Group.
The Party was involved in many of the most important national uprisings and demonstrations of the 1940s and 1950s.
The Islamic Party is an Islamist political party in Egypt.
The Punjab Socialist Party was a political party in Punjab, India.
The party is affiliated with the French Les Republicains.
In 2015, after a long-time political repositioning period, the Workers' Party changed its name to "Patriotic Party" during the extraordinary congress.
They are also fastidious about not being associated with any political party.
The future of the party remains uncertain, particularly after the 2002 death of Tony Mazzocchi, the founding national organizer.
The Social Union is a centre-left political party in Hungary.
The peak of activity of DSAP–Linke coincided with the 1930 October–November campaign ahead of the parliamentary election.
The FDP was therefore left without representation in the Bundestag for the first time in its history.
In the 2015 general election, the party won a two seats in both the Pyithu Hluttaw and the Shan State Hluttaw.
In 2005 the group had a couple of hundred members.
It does not currently have representation in parliament after its boycott of the national election of 2014 .
The organisation's website ceased operation in mid-2009.
On October 10, 2011 the party decided to withdraw from the Coordination, but retained its commitment to working with the National Democratic Rally.
At the 2010 parliamentary elections, it won 2 out of 125 seats.
Liberal Democratic Party of Pridnestrovie is a nationalist and right-wing populist political party in Transnistria.
By then, the use of Kurdish language, dress, folklore, and names were banned in Kurdish-inhabited areas.
The Progress Party was the ruling party in Ghana during the Second Republic.
It counts with a small representation in the National Congress, and is in opposition to the current government led by President Mauricio Macri.
In the 1988 plebiscite supported the Yes option.
The party operated until after Israeli independence in 1948, at which point it merged with the National Liberation League and MAKEI to form Maki.
There is an informal congress of state presidents which convenes infrequently to, among other things, appoint a "national spokesperson" for the organisations.
The party decided to apply for membership of the ELDR and the Liberal International.
Jackson's expansion of democracy was largely limited to Americans of European descent, and voting rights were extended to adult white males only.
Mahmoud Ahmadinejad was a founding member of the party.
Notable Copperheads included two Democratic congressmen from Ohio: Clement L. Vallandigham and Alexander Long.
Its first president was Gustavo Carvajal Moreno Mexico.
In the present political scenario Bodoland is facing a conflict with the non Bodo groups of tribes who also lives within the Bodoland.
The Liberal Democratic Party of Japan, frequently abbreviated to LDP or Jimintō, is a conservative political party in Japan.
It was formed by Jayshree Rana, who broke with her husband's CPI(ML) after they had decided to run in elections in mid 1977.
The organisation is considered a radical Islamic group and has come under scrutiny from the Australian government.
The Democratic Alliance was a centre-right political alliance in Portugal existing between 1979 and 1983.
The party was the successor of the Italian Socialist Party.
The movement keeps its membership count secret, but it has been estimated at around 1,000 passive and around 150 active members.
Saldanha is currently the general secretary of UGDP.
At the December 1993 election it was part of the National Convergence coalition which successfully backed Rafael Caldera.
At the legislative election, on 6 March 2005, the party won 3.8% of the popular vote, but no seats.
Charles James Fox was the generally acknowledged leader of a faction of the Whigs, from 1794 until his death in 1806.
Since 2003 it keeps trying to get official registration.
UMFNP contested seats in the Burmese general election, 2010 but won none.
If 10,000 of the signatures were valid, the party would be qualified for the 2007 and 2008 elections.
The Catalan members of En Lluita joined the CUP while members in the rest of Spain decided to join the Anticapitalistas faction of Podemos.
Red Electoral Alliance was an alliance of far-left groups formed into a Norwegian political party to promote revolutionary socialism ideals into the Norwegian parliament.
The party has been described as a party that is "secular leaning but embraces an Islamic identity."
The Liberal Party of Macedonia is a liberal party in the Republic of Macedonia.
The letter 'F' in its name stands for functional.
The Christian Democratic Party of Serbia is a Christian democratic political party in Serbia.
The 11th party congress, held in March 2011, re-elected Hanin Nimir as First Secretary of the party.
The Communist Party of Kampuchea, also known as Khmer Communist Party, was a communist party in Cambodia.
In March 2007, a national unity government headed by Prime Minister Ismail Haniyeh of Hamas was briefly formed, but this failed to restart international financial assistance.
In June 2, 2005, the members of the People's Majlis unanimously voted to legally recognize political parties.
This is both due to bureaucratic barriers for name-changing and due to their wishing not to alienate their target electorate.
The United Conservative Party is a political party which forms the official opposition in Alberta, Canada.
The Social Movement for Renewal is a political party in the Democratic Republic of Congo.
The Civic Democratic Party is a liberal-conservative political party in the Czech Republic.
During the Weimar Republic, the BVP was consistently the most voted party in Bavaria and the party with the most seats in the Landtag of Bavaria.
In 1951, Vanniyars convened a major conference of the Vanniyar Kula Kshatriya Sangam.
The RPP was founded in Dikhil on March 4, 1979.
The party participated in the 2004 presidential election.
It was succeeded by the Democratic People's Party.
Sudan People's Liberation Movement – North, or SPLM–N, is a banned political party and militant organisation in the Republic of Sudan.
Often termed the Eisenachers, the SDAP was one of the first political organizations established among the nascent German labor unions of the nineteenth century.
STP had electoral alliances with Finnish People's Democratic League, the mass front dominated by the Communist Party of Finland but with little success.
The MMNP did not contest any further elections, the party became technically defunct.
PCP is often identified as PCP [Unidad], to separate it from the Communist Party of Peru.
In the 2006 elections, it came runner-up and largest opposition party in the islands.
Most of its members came from the Herero people, while fellow independence movement SWAPO was mostly an Ovambo party.
Those members had joined the American Socialist Workers Party's Pathfinder tendency.
In 1979, the military government allowed the formation of new parties.
Sebghatullah Sanjar was elected as the chairman of the party.
In 1948, the Japan Liberal Party merged with Kijūrō Shidehara's Dōshi Club, not to be confused with the Democratic Party, to form the Democratic Liberal Party.
The party is currently being presided by John D. Lifa Chipaka.
Members of PyL were then recruited by Chilean security services and participated in the persecution of those opposed to Pinochet's junta.
The Jamaat agenda is the creation of an "Islamic state" with the Sha'ria legal system, and outlawing "un-Islamic" practices and laws.
Party for Freedom is an association with Geert Wilders as its sole member.
The party opposes the presence of Anglo-American forces on the atoll of Diego Garcia which forms part of the Republic of Mauritius.
The Social Democrats is a political party in Ireland.
At the elections in June 2009 it won 0.68 percent.
The other reason for using this term is its intention to differentiate itself from the other parties.
Workers' Front is a far-left political party, formed in May 2014 as a political initiative of workers, trade unionists, unemployed and students in Croatia.
The Party for the Animals is a political party in the Netherlands.
Thus, Sanoh became the leader with Prachai Liewpairat elected as Secretary-General and Pramuan Rujanaseri elected as the Deputy Leader.
They are known as "Aydınlıkçılar" due to their daily newspaper Aydınlık that has a circulation of 63.000.
The Party supported Poland’s membership in NATO.
It is led by former Minister of Defence of Ukraine Anatoliy Hrytsenko.
However, he announced his resignation from the party on 5 February 2013.
The Christian Social Union in Bavaria is a Christian democratic and conservative political party in Germany.
Central Organising Committee, Communist Party of India led by Umadhar Singh
It is active in the London Borough of Havering and forms an 11 councillor group on Havering London Borough Council.
CPI believes that Iran is a 'semifeudal-semicolonial' country and is trying to launch 'People's war' in Iran.
The youth branch of LAOS is the Youth of the Orthodox Rally.
Its publication, Socialist Action, was produced several times each year.
Marche 2020 – Party of Marche is a regional centrist and Christian-democratic political party in Marche, Italy.
The party nominated incumbent President Abraham Lincoln and Democrat Andrew Johnson, who were elected in an electoral landslide.
On 18 November 2012, TON reversed the merger and parted ways with Brinkman.
However, it retained a monopoly of political power, and subjected the media to censorship that was fairly onerous by Western standards.
DPSA candidates contested on the PAC parliamentary lists.
Pirate Party is a Bosnian political party within the region of Republika Srpska.
The Lebanese branch of the undivided Ba'ath Party had been formed in 1949–1950.
In the state assembly elections 1999, Saldanha was the sole candidate of the party.
In August 1901, a People's Labour Party appeared as a continuation of the People's Party.
UKIP's primary emphasis has been on Euroscepticism, calling for the UK's exit from the European Union.
The party also aspires to protect the Malay culture as the national culture and to uphold, defend and expand Islam across Malaysia.
In the 2011 Assam Assembly election, BPF won 12 seats.
Dragan Đilas, then-Mayor of Belgrade was elected new party president after the 2012 elections.
The National Trust Islamic Party is a registered political party in Malaysia advocating political Islam.
The faction continued to exist until the 18th century.
The party gained 0.85% of total vote in 2012 General Election(7th most in 20 parties of proportional election), thus failed take a seat in National Assembly.
He participated in the clampdown against the Iron Guard, which led to his killing in 1940.
ZSL became – as intended from its beginning – a satellite party of the Polish United Workers' Party, representing the PZPR in the rural areas.
A section led by Rammanohar Lohia broke from the party in 1955, resuming the name "Socialist Party"..
They were to the left of the opposing Moderate Party, but also characterized themselves as liberal.
It is a Christian-conservative party which is opposed to the European Constitution and campaigned against Estonia joining the EU.
Jafaria Students Organization is a Shiite Muslim students' organisation in Pakistan.
Founded in 1917, it initially advocated responsible government for Southern Rhodesia within the British Empire, as opposed to incorporation into the Union of South Africa.
The Democratic Party of Emilia-Romagna is a social-democratic political party in Italy, acting as the regional faction of the Democratic Party.
Its new president has announced that SPF was found to fulfill the wishes of the peoples of Sabah to recover the rights of the state.
It was founded in 1949 and played a major role in Ecuadorian politics of the 1960s and 1970s, with its stronghold being in Guayaquil.
In the 2005 and 2009 general elections of the lower house, Muneo Suzuki was elected to a proportional seat in the Hokkaidō bloc.
Unlike the Romanian PNL which is once again dominant on the centre-right, the Moldovan PNL may be considered a micro party.
Although no precise date was set for independence, the tide of nationalist sentiment could not be stemmed.
In that occasion Micciché announced that some 25 deputies and senators were ready to join FdS.
A reconciliatory meeting in December 2012 laid the grounds to the formation of the Syrian Turkmen Assembly.
The JLP is a member of the Caribbean Democrat Union.
The Guatemalan Party of Labour was a communist party in Guatemala.
The Hong Kong People's Association was a middle-class and professional oriented political organisation formed on 18 November 1984.
The Progressive Party was one of the two Spanish political parties that contended for power during the reign of Isabel II.
Since 2010 the party has been a member of the Alliance of Liberals and Democrats for Europe Party.
In 2015 election HSS won 1 seats as part of the conservative Patriotic Coalition, and supported Tihomir Orešković as Prime Minister.
The Egyptian Popular Current is a movement in Egypt, created after the 2012 presidential elections by former presidential candidate Hamdeen Sabahi.
The Liberal Socialist Party is a defunct political party in the politics of Singapore.
In March 2016, it dissolved to merge into the Solidarity Movement.
In the 2014 European elections the party supported both abstentionism or voting for the Galician Nationalist Bloc.
The Korea Greens was a political group in South Korea.
After the party's ban, the party MPs founded two sections of parties: reformist Justice and Development Party and traditionalist Felicity Party.
These numbers fell far short of securing them representation on the municipality council.
Brahim Koulamallah was the party's candidate in the May 2006 presidential election, taking fifth place with 5.31% of the vote.
Zury Ríos left the party to become Vision with Values's presidential candidate in 2015.
For the Kerala Assembly election, the united groups would be contesting under the banner and symbol of Kerala Congress as directed by the Election Commission.
The National Alliance was a Dutch nationalist political party.
FCP(J) was formed in 1952 following a split in the Forward Communist Party.
The UPN inherited its ideology from the old Action Group and saw itself as a party for everyone.
The Moderate Party, collectively called Moderates, was an Italian political group, active during the Risorgimento.
It was merged into the Liberal Party in 1933.
Both constituencies were reserved for Scheduled Castes, the only two such constituencies in the state.
The ITS is an offshoot of Al-Muhajiroun, a pro Al-Qaeda British Islamic extremist group.
The National Socialist Movement in the Netherlands was a Dutch fascist and later national socialist political party.
As of 2014, the 11th Politburo comprises 16 members.
Internationally, the Liberal Party is affiliated to the International Democrat Union.
Sontaya's wife Sukumol Kunplome was given the post of culture minister in Yingluck's cabinet
Abertzale Sozialista Komiteak was a grassroots socialist and pro-self-management movement in the Basque Country.
The party was the successor of the Liberal Party, which had roots dating back to 1846.
In the 2013 provincial election the party supported Diego Mosna, entrepreneur and president of Trentino Volley, for President.
The armed forces are administered by the Ministry of Defence and are composed of the Army, the Navy and the Air Force.
With that victory, they became the dominant identity in Buganda.
The party was created by Masayoshi Takemura.
The All-Democratic Agricultural Front ) was an electoral left-wing coalition which was formed to contest the 1961 Greek legislative election.
The Galician Socialist Party was a socialist and Galician nationalist political party active in Galiza.
The party aimed at winning as many as 111 seats in the new parliament.
It was a single-issue party that sought to force a referendum on British membership of the European Union.
The guiding ideology is the Three Principles of the People, advocated by Sun Yat-sen. Its party headquarters are located in Taipei.
The Patriotic Party is a Far-right political party in South Korea.
Along with the Oklahoma Democratic Party, it is one of the two major parties in Oklahoma politics.
The party also stood candidates in the 2011 Oldham East and Saddleworth and 2012 Manchester Central by-elections.
Mugabe and his ZANU-PF Party have had almost total control over Zimbabwe since the early 1990s.
The Connecticut Democratic State Central Committee is the affiliate of the Democratic Party in the state of Connecticut.
Political scientists and observers classify the movement as right-wing populist, but not extremist or anti-constitutional.
The party also gained votes from the Coptic Christian community by placing Copts on the top of their electoral lists.
The National Democratic Party of Germany is a far-right and ultranationalist political party in Germany.
It was registered to contest local elections in Dublin including County Dublin.
He was charged with leading a special task force to lobby for the recognition of the independence of Kosovo throughout the world.
It regularly won support of the Croat electorate up to 2000, and took part in forming the government.
The Haq Movement for Liberty and Democracy is an opposition political organization in Bahrain founded in November 2005 with Hasan Mushaima as its secretary general.
Following the break-up of the UAR, the Ba'ath Party was reconstituted.
Adsav was created after a split inside the Parti pour l'Organisation d'une Bretagne Libre.
Alende was presidential candidate in 1963, 1973, and 1983 without much success.
Act to Stop the Decline was a liberal political party in Italy, founded in 2012 as Stop the Decline.
SEK publishes a weekly newspaper, Workers Solidarity, and a bi-monthly magazine, Socialism from Below.
The party told its members to obey the law but to work for a negotiated peace.
The relation to Lamizana did however cause internal dissent.
The Rikken Teiseitō was a short-lived conservative political party in the Meiji period Empire of Japan.
In 2014 eight members of the Havering Residents Association group split off to form the East Havering Residents Group.
On 7 April 2014 the political council of this party expelled Tihipko from the Party of Regions.
The party participated in the 2008 parliamentary election in coalition with the Socialist Party of Serbia and United Serbia and received 5 seats.
The Authentic Revolutionary Party was a political party in Bolivia.
The group has been identified with the theorist Sean Matgamna throughout its history.
The Borders Party is a political party involved in Local Government in one part of Scotland.
United for Macedonia is a political party in the Republic of Macedonia.
The Autonomist Party has been accused of secretly having been a pro-Italian movement due to their defense of the rights of ethnic Italians in Dalmatia.
The party was in opposition for the first 20 years of its existence.
The New Social Democratic Party is a centre-left social democratic party in the Republic of Macedonia.
The CD was subject to a cordon sanitaire by the other parties in Parliament, although some parties rather sought to confront it following its 1994 success.
In the June 17 elections the combined parties garnered only 1.59%, a lower vote than either got in the elections the month before.
Kerala Revolutionary Socialist Party is a political party in Kerala, India, led by Shibu Baby John.
He send a letter to the leaders of all political parties and asked their support.
The Vojvodina's Party is a political party in Vojvodina.
In 1982, the Socialist Party of Ireland joined.
This split meant that few of the intelligentsia that had previously supported Aristide ended up in the new Lavalas.
The Eelam People's Revolutionary Liberation Front is a Sri Lankan political party and a former militant separatist group.
Following Khalis' death in 2006, a power struggle ensued between his son Anwar ul Haq Mujahid and Haji Din Mohammad, the former governor of Kabul Province.
Law and Justice, abbreviated to PiS, is a right-wing populist national-conservative, and Christian democratic political party in Poland.
In the 2011 general election, the Forces for Renewal lost 20 seats in the National Assembly.
The Conservative Party stated that it promoted tradition, family, social solidarity, European integration, and a nationalism without chauvinism.
Pro NRW is a right-wing political party in Germany taking part in regional elections of North Rhine-Westphalia.
The party won both the 2010 and 2014 elections and currently forms the government.
It changed its name to Slovenian People's Party in 1992.
It was more mainstream on issues such as race than the British National Party, with which it had a stormy relationship.
The Fascism and Freedom Movement – National Socialist Party, called simply Fascism and Freedom Movement, is an Italian fascist political party.
The party is currently in the opposition.
The party has yet to set specific goals but did state they want to introduce universal health care.
When the time comes, either parliament submits or we will eliminate it."
Reformists of Vojvodina is a social-democratic political party in the Serbian province of Vojvodina.
In 1979 Mayanja Nkangi founded the Conservative Party, which is considered to be a transformation of Kabaka Yekka.
In 2002, GLP merged with United Goans Democratic Party.
Radicals pushed for the uncompensated abolition of slavery, while Lincoln wanted to pay slave owners who were loyal to the Union.
Bob Avakian, the Chairman of the RCP, USA, has led the party since its founding in 1975.
Wellington resigned as prime minister and the surviving Canningite/Huskissonites joined the new Whig cabinet of Earl Grey in November 1830.
New Republic thus had a right-wing connotation.
The Front for a Country in Solidarity was a political party in Argentina.
On May 26, 2012, these objections were withdrawn and the DVU was declared defunct.
Despite its leftist-sounding name, it was a far-right party drawing inspiration from fascism.
It has offices and member groups in various Italian regions as well as in Switzerland.
He and the party's Secretary General resigned and became Matchima Party members.
The Homeland Party is a right-wing, nationalist and conservative, political party in Turkey.
The Federal Convention of Namibia was a political party based in Rehoboth, Namibia.
After the May Coup of 1926, split into three factions.
The party was formed in 2009 by Mohamed Ould Abdel Aziz after he resigned from the military to run for President of Mauritania.
At the time of the Geneva Peace Conference in 1954, it is estimated that UIF controlled about half of the Cambodian territory.
In 1997, it was replaced by Liberal Democracy led by Alain Madelin.
In 1961 and 1962, they asked 1,400 parliamentary questions, 17% of the total.
For the general election on 3 July 2011, Bhumjaithai forged an alliance with fellow coalition partner Chartthaipattana Party.
According to its website, the party was created as a “free-expression monthly magazine” named "Lalit de Klas" in 1976.
The party is an observer at Liberal International and member of the Alliance of Liberals and Democrats for Europe Party.
Commitment, Renewal and Order is a political party in Guatemala.
Auxiliary services include the Myanmar Police Force, the People's Militia Units and until 2013 the Frontier Forces, locally known as Na Sa Kha.
The Democratic Freedom Party was a political party in Ghana.
The Industry Will Save Georgia is a centre-right conservative political party in Georgia.
The government officials have declared that, in 2013, 76 districts in the country were affected by "left-wing terrorism", with another 106 districts in ideological influence.
John Williams, composer for the previous six films, returned to compose the film's score.
William Harvey was left as he only National Labor MLC at the 1918 election.
AKP was set up in 1993 by Ramiz Ahmadov and registered by the Justice Ministry in 1994.
Until 2001, the party was named the Christian People's Party.
The core ideology of the party is environmentalism, and it is commonly identified as a "third force" party belonging to neither the Pan-Blue or Pan-Green Coalitions.
The National Union of Students LGBT+ Campaign is an LGBT advocacy group that is an autonomous part of the National Union of Students.
The Czech National Socialist Party is a eurosceptic party and cooperates with the alliance Sovereignty – Jana Bobošíková Bloc.
Its leaders are Leonardo Facco and Giorgio Fidenato.
It was founded on 14 November 2014 following Tarhan's resignation from the Republican People's Party due to disillusionment with the leadership of Kemal Kılıçdaroğlu.
The Coalition of Forces for Democratic Change was an electoral coalition in Mauritania.
The Liberal Regenerator Party was a Portuguese political party established in 1901, under the leadership of João Franco.
SA formed as a split from Socialist Worker in 2008.
After the last legislative elections, March 31, 2005, the party remained without parliamentary representation.
Valencian Socialist Action was a political party in Valencia, Spain.
The Christian Liberation Movement is a Cuban dissident party advocating political change in Cuba.
As president of the PDG, Touré was the only candidate for president of the republic, and as such was elected unopposed to four seven-year terms.
The party also forms part of the Alliance of the Presidential Majority, which is the majority bloc in the National Assembly.
The PR was founded by former President of Brazil Artur Bernardes in 1945 and operated almost solely in Minas Gerais.
For the 2014 general election, Unity announced an electoral pact with the Reform Party, which was followed by a full absorption in March 2015.
Barnes was a member of the coalition government's cabinet until 1920.
It defines itself as "a militant revolutionary socialist party fighting for a workers'-labourers' federative republic in Turkey and Northern Kurdistan."
It has continued to be a major force in the country since losing power.
On early parliament elections on 11 December 2016, the party was in coalition with SDSM.The coalition won 440 000 and 49/120 MPs in Macedonian assembly.
In 1982, however, the MMM won outright and Ramgoolam lost his directly elected parliamentary seat.
The FDP is led by Christian Lindner.
It was originally a Marxist-Leninist pro-Soviet party, which founded the People's Republic of the Congo, but moved towards a moderate left-wing stance in the early 1990s.
The city hosts numerous foreign embassies as well as international missions in the country.
The ideological foundation of the party is based on the social doctrine of the Catholic Church.
The party intends to capitalise on political apathy in Turkey, especially towards the opposition parties whom many voters feel have little chance of winning power.
The party's chairman is U Thu Wai, a former political prisoner.
The party's acronym "HASI" means "to begin" in Basque language.
The party wasn't linked with the traditional parties, and wasn't associated with a particular ideology.
The People's United Socialist Front was an electoral alliance in West Bengal, India, formed ahead of the 1952 West Bengal Legislative Assembly election.
In response, Csáky and the whole party leadership resigned.
It is anti-capitalist and pro-Catalan independence, calling for 'A Republic of the 99%'.
It was registered in Pula in 2003 as "Democratic Green Union – The Greens" [1].
With the new constitution of November 30, 1975, PRPB became the sole legal party in the country.
Jaipal Singh was elected president and Idsen Deba general secretary.
Nevertheless, the Greens were invited to join a six-party rainbow coalition government.
Pentel was the Green Party of Minnesota candidate for Governor of Minnesota in 1998, 2002, and 2006.
Making civics education, vexillogical and other resources available to organisations and the general public and considering all requests for grants of aid and materiel.
The party calls for a complete change of the current political class and reset of the political system.
When the Mali Federation broke down, PFA was disbanded.
The party and its leader Miroslav Sládek are particularly known for their radical attitudes towards Roma people and Germans.
Initiative for Democratic Socialism is Slovenian left wing party, founded in 2014.
The Sam Rainsy Party is a personalist liberal party in Cambodia.
Sikkim Independent Front is a political party in Sikkim, founded by Ruth Karthak Lepchani in 1966.
The Movement of Free Citizens, also known by its acronym KEP, was a short-lived, right-of-center political party in Greece.
It is strongly against Croatian accession to EU and NATO and advocates irredentism of Bosnia and Herzegovina, Boka Kotorska, Srijem and Bač.
It became a political party in June 2000.
The Arbeter-ring in Yisroel – Brith Haavoda is the Israeli branch of the International Jewish Labor Bund, launched in 1951.
It is the first shadow government in Sudan.
The Liberals fragmented in the 1920s, and the remnants of the Liberal Party eventually merged with Reform in 1936 to establish the modern National Party.
This was a response to alleged acts of corruption carried out by previous ministers.
The party was forced into clandestinity because the monarchy, headed by Emperor Haile Selassie, did not allow political parties or legal dissent.
The Workers' International League was a Trotskyist group in Britain which existed from 1937 to 1944.
On the October 21st, 2007, parliamentary election, the party won 24.2% of the popular vote and 8 out of 30 seats.
The party is undergoing a leadership election as its leader, Daniel Feetham resigned.
It was founded in 1931 as the Norfolk Farmers' Party but changed its name one week after its formation.
Its founder Vladimír Železný, MEP, was elected its chairman during the party's convention on 6–7 August 2005.
Yachad is an Orthodox Jewish political party in Israel formed by former Shas member Eli Yishai.
He came in third, gathering nearly 17% of the vote.
The party was named after former President Jaime Roldós.
Its representation in the Parliament of Australia ended on 30 June 2008, after loss of its four remaining Senate seats at the 2007 general election.
The PDC was advocate introducing nationalist social reforms to preclude revolutionary action.
Punjab Janata Morcha, in English the Punjab Popular Front, is a Sikh political party in the Indian state of Punjab.
The Breton Revolutionary Army is an illegal armed organization that is part of the Breton nationalism movement in the Brittany region of France.
In state politics, however, One Nation has performed better.
Kaze-Forces for the Defense of Democracy is a small, predominantly ethnic Hutu political party in Burundi.
The party was founded in May 2012 by the former environmental activist Darko Pajović.
In recent years, however, the party leaders have described the party as being centrist.
Pillai had previously been a leader of the Bharatiya Janata Party, but formed Kerala Janapaksham in 2007.
I the South, was a centrist regionalist political party in Italy, which has been a faction of Brothers of Italy since 2014.
The party also publishes a newspaper called Християнський демократ.
In practice, ARENA's majority was so massive that its candidate could not possibly be defeated.
Kwame Toure was one of the party's leaders from the 1970s until his death.
The Islamic Dawa Party, also known as the Islamic Call Party, is a political party in Iraq.
The party was established in March 2008 when the Kurdistan branch of the Worker-communist Party of Iraq was formed into a separate party.
A few elements of the PSD's right wing joined the pro-government National Renewal Alliance Party.
After the Parliamentary elections of 3 May 2015, Democratic Party of Artsakh reformed its faction with 6 members.
It disbanded in 2010 after its failure in the European parliamentary elections.
Renovación Española was a Spanish monarchist political party active during the Second Spanish Republic, advocating the restoration of Alfonso XIII of Spain as opposed to Carlism.
After running in the consequent two Riksdag elections, as well as the European Parliamentary election of 2009, Fi had not taken any seats in either parliament.
Communist Party of Belgium was a political party in Belgium.
Wien anders is a political alliance in Vienna, Austria, created for the city's 2015 parliamentary and local elections.
The movement espouses nonviolent resistance to the authorities.
This resulted in pro-CWI members of the ISM leaving to form the International Socialists.
Eboua subsequently left the UNDP and formed the Movement for Democracy and Progress.
The group garnered national attention in August 2014 for its open carry patrols.
Hitler rapidly established a totalitarian regime known as the Third Reich.
Organización Obreira had two official magazines: O Noso Mañán and Organización Obreira.
Youth Congress was the youth wing of Indian National Congress.
The Ganatantri Dal called for an independent foreign policy and opposed the League's pro-west stance.
It gained the federal religious affairs ministry under Ijaz.
The Syrian Social Nationalist Party, is a nationalist political party operating in Lebanon, Syria, Jordan, Iraq and Palestine.
The members of the party often wore a blue T-shirt with yellow text that said "NSF" after this.
Pakistan Peoples Party Workers is a breakaway faction of Pakistan Peoples Party.
In 2012, the party had 161,050 members, making it the third largest party nationwide.
CMM organized social campaigns, such as against alcohol abuse and instituted social projects, such as a workers' financed hospital.
It is a member of the European People's Party and the International Democrat Union.
The courts later ruled all the expulsions illegal.
The Spanish ruling was appealed before and, later on, confirmed by the European Court of Human Rights.
Its candidate Hafiz Haciyev won 0.3% of the popular vote in the 15 October 2003 presidential elections.
It was only re-established in the aftermath of the World War I.
The party name is sometimes translated in English as Democratic Workers Party, Democratic Labour Party or Labour Democratic Party.
De la Guardia abetted friction among the parties in the official coalition.
The party did not contest the subsequent 2007 election and seems to be defunct, having never attained a seat in the Bermuda Parliament.
Colonial labour parties contested seats from 1891, and federal seats following Federation at the 1901 federal election.
Human Rights Watch has accused RCD-K-ML of conscripting child soldiers.
Its strong advocacy for the establishment of a separate Muslim-majority nation-state, Pakistan, successfully led to the partition of British India in 1947 by the British Empire.
After 2009 the party lost its influence and faded.
GJC was launched by former Congress Chief Minister, Chhabildas Mehta on May 9, 2001.
The party is a member of the Council of Asian Liberals and Democrats.
The Alternative Democratic Pole is a social democratic and democratic left party in Colombia political party in Colombia.
It supports affirmative action as necessary in the fight for equality.
The party maintains contacts with European Christian Political Movement.
Founded in 1999, the alliance ceased to exist in 2010 when its remaining members joined the Sri Lanka Freedom Party.
The Ukrainian People's Party is a political party in Ukraine, registered on Old Year's Day 1999 as Ukrainian National Movement.
The party was formed in June 2010.
Ron Davies, a former Secretary of State for Wales under the Labour Party;
The People's Rally for Progress, is a political party in Djibouti.
Unlike other political parties in Transnistria, it supports conditional unification with Moldova with a high amount of autonomy for Transnistria.
They are based in Auckland and are part of the International Socialist Tendency.
Hezbollah is part of the March 8 Alliance within Lebanon, in opposition to the March 14 Alliance.
In 1998, it adopted a policy of full independence from Denmark as part of a coalition deal in which leader Anfinn Kallsberg became PM.
The New Afrikan Black Panther Party or the NABPP is a revolutionary socialist organization.
It is the Portuguese section of the International Workers' League.
The Carlist Party is a Spanish political party that considers itself as a successor to the historical tradition of Carlism.
Between 1989 and 2011, it led coalition governments with parties of both the left and the right.
Since then, the party has been rocked by internal squabbles which have seen it fail to provide an effective opposition within the Lesotho parliament.
Slovakia became member of European Union and North Atlantic Treaty Organisation.
In 2002, the next general elections were held and the Maathai-led party was part of the victorious NARC coalition.
The Party's head office is located at Wibu street, Kinondoni, Dar es Salaam.
The current party president is Danko Švorinić, and its governing body is a 9-member presidency council.
The Communist Party was a political party in Flanders, Belgium.
A third meeting occurred in Romania, June 1948.
FAPER, short for Frente Amplio Político Electoral en Resistencia, was a political party in Honduras.
Its main focus is on fighting crime and corruption.
The Socialist Party is a Moderate and social-democratic political party in San Marino.
PCM contested the 2003 municipal elections in Callosa de Segura.
The party supports the government of president Alexander Lukashenko.
At the elections, held in October 2006, it won 2 seats in the Congress.
In the parliamentary election of 1997 the party took 4 seats and initially supported the president Idriss Déby.
Through these posts the party leader is the country's paramount leader.
The party held seats in Parliament between 1992 and 1996, and again from 1997 until 2009.
the Malian Party of Labour, a Marxist-Leninist organization
The current president of the PDC is Ignacio Walker.
Scottish Communists disagreed with this decision and instead set up the CPS, with its headquarters in Partick, Glasgow.
Associate membership was open to parties in British Guiana and British Honduras.
The National Rainbow Coalition–Kenya is a political party in Kenya.
Charles James Fox and his supporters remained in opposition after 1794, until the formation of the Ministry of all the Talents in 1806.
He was apparently chosen as party leader due to fears that his federal seat would be eliminated by redistribution.
They were joined by B. D. Lakshman.
Patten describes the party as a "civil libertarian alternative".
The Nordic Reich Party was a Neo-Nazi political party in Sweden, founded in 1956 as the National Socialist Combat League of Sweden by Göran Assar Oredsson.
From 2010 to 2015 party leader Caldoro served as President of Campania for the PdL.
PMSP is based amongst the Bind and Mallah communities.
In the legislative elections of 2012 MAA supported the ANTARSYA.
On 6 December 2014, a new leadership was elected at the SLS Congress in Podčetrtek, Slovenia.
Over time the party began to emphasise other issues in addition to democratic reform, creating a social-liberal programme.
In the Greek Senate election, 1929, the party gained 6.6% and elected 4 MPs.
The party was formed in 1990 as a left-wing party.
The list finally got 0.9% of the vote and no seats in the European Parliament.
PRP-BR was constructed as a party later.
On September 7, 2006 the group signed a ceasefire with the Government and as a result the groups 3000 fighters are to disarm.
Geroa Bai is a regional political coalition in the Navarre constituency, created for the 2011 election to the Cortes Generales.
The city is renowned for its unique markets, particularly the Witches' Market, and for its vibrant nightlife.
The ultimate aim of the CUP was to return the Ottoman Empire to its former status as one of the world’s great powers.
Chiang himself came to be disillusioned with legitimate political means of reform.
It was headed by the former Karnataka Chief minister B. S. Yeddyurappa.
Lowering taxes to promote growth and combat unemployment
Furthermore, the organization was unable to win a single seat in the 1980 Iranian legislative election.
The Peshmerga forces then took control of the city.
Under de Gaulle's successor Georges Pompidou it promoted the Gaullist movement.
The party had some 50 seats in the Iranian Parliament during 2000–2004 and its fraction was headed by Qorban-Ali Qandahari.
The Popular Front of the Canary Islands or FREPIC-AWAÑAK is a marginal leftist political party seeking independence from Spain for the Canary Islands.
This made it the most expensive party per vote generated.
The BCP formed an electoral pact with the Botswana Alliance Movement and the NDF and increased its representation from one seat to five.
Party member Mette Lynge was member of the Naalakkersuisut and responsible minister for the area of dwellings, nature and environment.
The Slovak National Party is a nationalist political party in Slovakia.
The National United Party of Arakan is a Rakhine political party in Rakhine State, Myanmar.
Pir Pagaro Syed Shah Mardan Shah-II became the head of this political party.
The Rally of the Republicans is a liberal party in Ivory Coast.
It is member of the Concertación Descentralista, together with the Partido Movimiento Humanista Peruano.
TKİP was founded in November 1998 by EKİM, a group that had split away from the Revolutionary Communist Party of Turkey in 1988.
Zealotry was the term used by Josephus for a "fourth sect" during this period.
The UD would be merged into The Democrats in 1999, and Bordon would serve as minister in 1999–2001.
Here he decided to enter the political arena, and his members suggested the name Hizbullah, which could best describe his convictions.
It was one of the two parties in the 1843 session of the Croatian Parliament.
The party has never been part of a government at the national level.
After the electoral failure, the party dissolved.
The name Lespwa is the Haitian Creole form of the French l'espoir, meaning "hope".
Thus, Batasuna's predecessors were the original Herri Batasuna and, then, Euskal Herritarrok.
The Christian People's Party, Faroese Progress and Fisheries Party, generally known as the Christian People's Party, was a political party in the Faroe Islands.
Socialist Party of Lithuania was a Marxist political party in Lithuania.
The national president of BKD is Chaudhary Rakesh Tikait, son of Chaudhary Mahendra Singh Tikait.
The PLD was founded by Adriano Teso and Carlo Usiglio, who had left the Segni Pact with the aim of creating a centre-right alliance.
The Country Party was a political party in South Australia in the first part of the 20th century.
It was active in the early 1990s.
The Republican Party is a political party in Malawi.
Rimawi had been the secretary-general of the Jordanian branch of the Ba'ath Party and a member of the National Command of the party.
The party relied on powerful networks of rural elites in the less-developed parts of the country.
Citizens of the Czech Republic is a minor centrist Czech political party, which subscribes to the theory of "economic privatism".
United Left of the Valencian Country had also entered talks to enter the coalition, but left after disagreements with Podemos and Compromís.
He created it in 1872 to link growing public interest in politics and Irish nationalism with a Catholic agenda.
The party advocated pro-poor policies and dialogue with the political elite.
Besides the National Front of Afghanistan, the National Coalition presents the leading democratic opposition movement against the government of Hamid Karzai.
Vision Inspired by the People is a political party established in December 2005 in the Cayo District of Belize.
It was founded in May 2009 as a public non-commercial organisation and was officially registered as a political party in April 2012.
Also, UDI is the second largest party by number of mayors in Chile.
EDICI was founded in Abidjan in the end of 1949.
Congress turned the demand down, prompting Costa e Silva to issue the heavy-handed Fifth Institutional Act, which allowed him to close Congress and rule by decree.
Progressive People's Party is a political party in Ghana.
The financial strain of two general elections in four months took its toll on the small parties, and the National League declared bankruptcy in 1928.
Only founder Hugo Coveliers was elected to the Belgian Senate.
Its candidate Vilija Blinkevičiūtė won 16.6% of the votes in the 2004 presidential election.
The Liberal Conservative Party, simply called Conservative Party, was a Spanish political party founded in 1876 by Antonio Cánovas del Castillo.
The Independent Senate Group represents the FNP on a national level, the EFA represents the FNP on a European level.
At this conference, participants adopted the Party's first Draft Programme.
[1] McGhee soon assumed the Presidency of the League.
It was never represented in the South African Parliament, neither in the apartheid era nor after democratisation.
The Workers' International League was a British Trotskyist organisation that split in early 1987 from the Workers' Revolutionary Party which had been led by Sheila Torrance.
To date, it has had no representation in the Knesset.
This was seen as high treason by the Moroccan government, and he was sentenced to death in absentia.
Incumbent President Goodluck Jonathan conceded defeat on 31 March.
PODEMOS is a political party in Venezuela.
PSI was joined by 4 out of 5 Socialist Party representatives in the KNIP Working Group and 19 out of 35 Socialist KNIP members.
Economic Synergy is a political party in Hong Kong, composed of three members of the Legislative Council, Andrew Leung, Jeffrey Lam and Lau Wong-fat.
|| {{ }} - || style="background: #ffdddd; color: black; vertical-align: middle; text-align: center; " class="table-no2" |Opposition
In Pando, the party narrowly lost to the Movement towards Socialism in state elections, and thus formed the principal opposition.
As of 2011, the UPR is part of the ruling Coalition of the Majority and has a majority in the National Assembly.
Subsequently, the party allied itself with the New Liberal Movement in the formation of the Australian Democrats for the 1977 federal election.
Federally, no One Nation candidate has ever been elected to the House of Representatives.
They reportedly have received training by US forces in their struggle against ISIL in Kirkuk, where they played a crucial role.
The party runs its own broadcasting programme on CX 40 Radio Fénix, La voz del agro.
In 2013, 8 members of the parliament resigned from the National Unity Party and joined the Democratic Party.
Its candidate at the presidential election on the 16th of May 2004, Hipólito Mejía, won 33.6% of the votes, failing to win a second term.
GroenLinks is a Dutch political party of green progressive bent.
The Communist Party of Argentina is a communist party in Argentina.
At the 2002 legislative elections, the party won 5.2% of the popular vote and 7 out of 120 seats.
The PRP was founded by Plínio Salgado on September 26, 1945.
The Reform and Renaissance Party is an Islamist political party in Egypt.
It is ideologically a Unionist party, supporting the continuation of Scotland and Northern Ireland as a part of the United Kingdom.
the Fuerzas Populares de Liberación Farabundo Martí,
Taoiseach Seán Lemass paid them a compliment by referring to them as "the real opposition".
The group began to nominate its own candidates in by-elections between 1852 and 1857 and had some limited success, winning four seats.
It was not organized as a formal political party but sought to promote economic, cultural and political progress and stability in a united Fiji.
Initially an opposition party founded by formerly exiled student activists, the party aligned itself with the ruling majority.
The party played a visible role in the Tulip Revolution and in large scale rallies in Bishkek in April and November 2006.
The CCF was formed to bring labour and farm groups into the same political camp.
Croatian Bloc was a right-wing political party in Croatia.
The Independent Liberal Party is a Serbian political party in Kosovo.
The four supporters of the Rural Party of Finland established the True Finns, three of them were Timo Soini and Raimo Vistbacka.
In total, the UNP governed Sri Lanka for 38 of 69 years of its independent history.
The current leader of the Socialist Left is Audun Lysbakken, who was elected on 11 March 2012.
The Left Party is a socialist and feminist political party in Sweden on an ecological basis.
The party has 10 seats of a total of 15 in the city council.
The Canada Party was a Canadian political party founded in 2015 and led by former Member of Parliament Jim Pankiw.
In September 2013, Governor Eloy Inos again tried to merge the Covenant Party with the Republican Party.
On 20 October 2010, in the Chamber of Deputies, PID formed a joint group with We the South led by Luciano Sardelli.
Its aims include greater autonomy for the Occitania region of southern France.
The Liberal Party of Australia, commonly known as the NSW Liberals, is the state division of the Liberal Party of Australia in New South Wales.
The New Liberals merged into the New Democracy party in 1978.
The PNL recently merged with Solidarity Party to form the new Patriotic Union Party.
The party is sometimes referred to as JSD(Rab), to differentiate it from the mother party led by Inu.
The PRM directive has announced that it will lead a coalition made up of more than 10 parties for the 2016 general election.
Though the party aims to represent all minorities of South Africa, its support comes mainly from South Africa's Indian community.
A month later, most of its members were imprisoned in Barcelona, while others managed to escape to Toulouse where they formed the Groupes d'action révolutionnaire internationalistes.
The Action for Change was a political party in Mauritania.
On 24 October 1972, those who had walked out, formed their own parliamentary group, which led to the counter actions.
The CWG defines itself as a party of the Christian centre.
The GARI launched a campaign in favour of their imprisoned comrades and continued armed struggle against the dictatorship.
Communist Party of India Bolshevik was a small communist party in India.
The party was led by Néstor Kirchner until his death in 2010.
PBKD got 0.6% of the proportional votes, and no seats.
Pehoua was the GIR candidate in the 1981 presidential elections, finishing third of five candidates with 5% of the vote.
The Victorian Farmer's Union formed in 1914 was the precursor to the Victorian Country Party, later the Nationals.
The Progress Party is a political party in Norway which identifies as classical liberal and conservative-liberal.
Radicals, supporting gradual reforms, were generally loyal to the leftist governing coalition.
PUCC appeared sometime in 1975, and held its first conference in 1978.
National Islamic Unity Party of Afghanistan is a political party in Afghanistan led by Muhammad Akbari.
Jharkhand Yuva Morcha is the youth wing of Jharkhand Mukti Morcha..
The party was founded as the British Empire Union of Fascists and was affiliated with the British Union of Fascists.
In February 2014, The Guardian newspaper reported that the SLP had only 300 members, which it attributed to the ageing Scargill's withdrawal from public life.
Pat English was elected from the Clonmel Electoral Area to Tipperary County Council in the county council election held on 23 May 2014.
It was known from 1957 to 1960 as the National Civic Union.
Hanson sat as an independent for one year before forming One Nation.
Kasyanov's new party was established on 22 September 2007, when he was elected party chairman by 228 votes to 4.
The majority of party members came from the ARENA.
In the European election of 1989 the party received 43,654 votes and gained 0.66%.
It remained committed to the basic premises of the March 14 Alliance in 2008.
It was founded on November 11, 1925 as a far right league by Georges Valois.
It was the rival of the Conservative Party.
It evolved from the John Marek Independent Party, formed by the ex-Labour member of the Welsh Assembly, John Marek who was the party's national convenor.
Hind Congress Party is a political party in New Delhi, India.
The party is inspired by the Socialism of the 21st century.
Backing the United National Party from 1946, it left the UNP with Bandaranaike in 1951 to form the Sri Lanka Freedom Party.
Following the 2011 Egyptian Revolution, it first had great success.
By 1944, Haight was again a Republican, a delegate to the Republican National Convention.
The CPS has fought no parliamentary elections.
The party was nearly wiped out during the Japanese occupation of Hong Kong.
The Social Democratic Party of Hungarian Gypsies, was a short-lived social democrat political party in Hungary for the ethnic Romani minority, existed between 1989 and 1991.
The Socialist Party of Serbia is a political party in Serbia that identifies itself as a democratic socialist and social democratic party.
The Cambodian Republican Party was a short-lived political movement established during the Khmer Republic period.
The Daisy became a single party in February 2002.
On December 8, 2008, the New Rights Party joined the Republican Party of Georgia in a new opposition alliance.
From 1791 to 1793, the Girondins were active within the Legislative Assembly and the National Convention.
Founded in 1887, the party steadily increased in support until it became the largest party in Norway in 1927, a position it has held ever since.
The National Congress Party of Afghanistan is a liberal, secular, multi-ethnic political party in Afghanistan.
The Democratic Party was a short-lived political party in the early of the Republican period of China from 1912 to 1913.
In 1943 the PCP changed its name to the People's Party of Panama.
Salgado ran for President of Brazil in the 1955 election, won by Juscelino Kubitschek.
The Social Reform Party is a political party in Sint Maarten founded in 2013 by former National Alliance member Jacinto Mock.
In the 2004 parliamentary elections PNT got 379 votes.
DIMAR was a minority party supporting the Samaras cabinet from 21 June 2012 to 21 June 2013.
The party grew out of the movement opposing the 2012 Health and Social Care Act.
HASHD was formed in 1989, when the Democratic Front for the Liberation of Palestine separated their branch in Jordan to become a separate party.
The Liberal Party was a political party in South Korea established in 1951 by Syngman Rhee.
The Lanka Sama Samaja Party is a Trotskyist political party in Sri Lanka.
It was founded by Jim Anderton, an MP and former President of the New Zealand Labour Party.
The Galician National-Popular Bloc was a Galician electoral candidacy.
founded in 1995 after death of GM Syed.
The Fighters' List was a political party in Israel.
The leader of the party is Mr Alpha Mamadou Diallo.
The party was formed in 2004 and, is the only major opposition party that is not linked to an armed group.
MLC Kasani Gnaneswer is the president of the party.
It was part of the Verkhovna Rada from 1994 to 2007 and was for long the fourth biggest party of Ukraine.
The party is known for setting the foundation for future Indian revolutionary movements and served as a stepping stone for independence.
During the early 1990s, the growing ethnic tensions between the republics of Yugoslavia led to the breakup of the federal party.
Bahujan Shakti Party won 1 seat in 2013 Nepalese Constituent Assembly election.
Sikkim Sangram Parishad did not win any seats in the state assembly in the 2004 elections.
Based on the model of the Swedish Pirate Party, it supports intellectual property reform, freedom of speech and privacy.
The West Virginia Republican Party is the affiliate of the United States Republican Party in West Virginia.
It is closely linked to the former ultra-nationalist Balli Kombëtar but has made its policies more moderate.
The Arakan League for Democracy is a political party active in Rakhine State, Myanmar.
In the early 1950s, Partai Acoma began developing contacts with the Trotskyist International Secretariat of the Fourth International.
It attempted to merge with the Reform Party in 2000.
RDA included Nationalist Congress Party, Asom Jatiya Sanmilan, Asom Gana Sangram Parishad, Purbanchaliya Loka Parishad and Janata Dal.
Mr. Mafizul Islam Khan Kamal is the Executive President of the Party.
The federation won 16 seats in the 1931 election.
The last leader of the party was Egils Rutkovskis.
The party's social offices are called batzokis, of which there are over 200 throughout the world.
The Animal Protection Party was a political party founded in England in 2006 to represent an animal rights perspective.
The party's thinking is based on the politics of Hardial Bains, who travelled the world founding anti-revisionist communist parties.
The NDP had no electoral success after 1987, and the 1990 election was the last at which the party ran a serious campaign.
It is part of the Party of the European Left.
It is currently the majority ruling party, controlling both the presidency and the unicameral Legislative Yuan.
Some ex-members of the MPC have joined Platform for Catalonia.
The RSC rejoined the INC in 1989 after it was unsuccessful in attracting major political figures to its fold and unable to garner wide support.
Marxist Periarist Communist Party is a political party in Tamil Nadu, India.
David Musa Pidcock, a Sheffield man who converted from Roman Catholicism to Islam while working as an engineer in Saudi Arabia, founded and led the party.
In the government of Prime Minister Zeine Ould Zeidane, named in April 2007, three members of the APP were appointed as ministers.
The Irish Republican Socialist Party or IRSP is a republican socialist party active in Ireland.
In the 2011 election, the ISO supported the Mana Party.
The party won two seats, contesting as independents.
HKK publishes Hayastani Komunist and Pravda Armenii.
Inekaren joined the World Amazigh Congress on January 27, 2013.
At present, it is led by Ofelia Acevedo.
It was the party of Prime Ministers Armand Călinescu, Gheorghe Argeșanu, Constantin Argetoianu, Gheorghe Tătărescu and Ion Gigurtu, whose regimes were associated with corporatism and antisemitism.
In the state elections in Punjab in 2002 DBSM launched two candidates, backed by SAD-BJP, who got 23 664 and 10 372 votes.
The Christian Democrats are a political party in Denmark.
MAS-IPSP has governed the country since 2006, following the first ever majority victory by a single party in the December 2005 elections.
In this context Golden Dawn had its origins in the movement that worked towards a return to right-wing military dictatorship in Greece.
The motive of the new political front was to protect the interest of the people of the region.
The Sandinista National Liberation Front is now a democratic socialist political party in Nicaragua.
It retained its seat in the Eastern Cape Provincial Legislature.
The Popular Front is a political party in Mauritania.
Ba'athism in Yemen originates back to the 1950s.
UPP was founded by Javier Pérez de Cuéllar, ex UN Secretary General, in 1994.
It is a break-away party from the New Communist Party of the Netherlands.
During Polish parliamentary election, 2007 members of Movement for Reconstruction of Poland were elected from lists of Law and Justice.
The organization worked on a book to combat takfir ideology; the book was published in October 2013 and distributed in Arish.
Sikkim Krantikari Morcha is a political party in the Indian state of Sikkim.
Ramón Cáceres and Horacio Vásquez were the main leaders of this party.
Since Wade's defeat in the 2012 presidential election, the PDS has been the main opposition party.
Founded in February 2006, it aims to bring about reform of the Family law system in England and Wales.
Given its origin as an alliance, Islah's ideology remains vague and its political platform ambiguous.
It is usually associated with the Pan-Green Coalition and supports Taiwan independence.
At this point, the Communist Party of the RSFSR organized around 58% of the total Communist Party of the Soviet Union membership.
The political agenda calls for a democratic secular nonsectarian government, bringing social justice awareness, and an eventual end to corruption.
The Red Party is a Norwegian far-left political party and the leading party to the left of the Socialist Left Party in Norway.
Another party member, Pierluigi Marquis, has served as President of Aosta Valley since 2017.
Orle Solís was the party's candidate for the 2013 presidential elections.
The modern Democratic Alliance name the party as its earliest predecessor.
It is a member organisation of the ruling Broad Front.
Ahead of the 2015 French regional elections, PCG nominated Mona Cadoce as its candidate for regional president.
It was registered as a political party on 5 March 1985.
The Western People's Front, currently named the Democratic People's Front, is a political party in Sri Lanka active in the Western Province.
Occitan Struggle was an Occitan political group, created in 1971 from the Comitat Occitans d'Estudis e d'Accion.
After Abdal-Aziz's death in 1999 the leadership of the party passed to his brother Mullah Ali Abd al-Aziz Halabji, who has his office in Halabjah.
Ahead of the 1965 elections the link between LPP and SLFP had been broken.
The Muslim League was defeated in the 1955 elections to the Constituent Assembly by a political alliance known as the United Front.
In 1999, Yansunnu formed the Marxist-Leninist Communist Party of Benin.
The coalition was led by Bertukan and its chairman is Merera Gudina.
Democratic Fellowship of Vojvodina Hungarians, Serbian: Демократска заједница војвођанских Мађара, Demokratska zajednica vojvođanskih Mađara) is an ethnic Hungarian political party in Serbia.
It helped found the First East Turkestan Republic.
In 1979, after a period of instability, a ministry headed by Nar Bahadur Bhandari from Sikkim Janata Parishad party gained power in Sikkim.
The rump, which continues to use the EROS name, has transformed itself into a pro-government paramilitary group and political party.
In the 21 October 2007 parliamentary elections, the party won 11.5% of the popular vote and 3 out of 30 seats, a loss of three.
The party is not recognized by the National Electoral Institute.
It represented the republican ideology of the agrarian elite of the state of Minas Gerais.
Democratic Left, whose complete name was Democratic Left.
It is ideologically aligned with classical liberalism, and is mostly formed by people with no political experience.
Srpska lista fiercely opposed renaming the official language of the country from Serbian to Montenegrin.
The Sudan People's Liberation Movement and Sudan People's Liberation Army.
The Pacifist Socialist Party was a Dutch left-socialist political party.
To his supporters' annoyance and surprise, in 2002, Avramopoulos unexpectedly terminated KEP's existence as a party, pointing at its financial shortcomings as an excuse.
It ceased to function during the Second World War, while Belgium was under Nazi occupation.
No extra funding for the Folk Music Festival
The CNC achieved representation in a municipal council of the Canary Islands only once, in the 1987 elections.
It was founded in 1960 when several leading politicians refused to join Jomo Kenyatta's Kenya African National Union.
Us with Salvini, is a populist political party in Italy, whose main campaign themes are Euroscepticism and a strong stance against illegal immigration.
This resulted in seats for three EQUO candidates: Juantxo López de Uralde, Rosa Martínez and Jorge Luis Bail.
Climate Party member Rob Painting contested the 2015 Northland by-election with the stated goal of "raising awareness of climate and coastal issues affecting the Far North".
It is one of the two major contemporary political parties in Croatia, along with the centre-left Social Democratic Party.
However, in 2008 Smer's membership suspension ended with no further PES's demands regarding SNS.
Of these, Konak district corresponds to historical İzmir, this district's area having constituted the "İzmir Municipality" area until 1984.
This organization have effective contribution towards welfare of women and their empowerment.
More than half of the WPI's Central Committee and almost all of its Kurdistan Committee joined the WPI-Hekmatist.
The People's Party is an Iraqi Civil Liberal political party founded in 2011.
On 22 April 2016, Liviu Dragnea was found guilty for vote rigging in the 2012 referendum and received a two-year suspended sentence.
In the general election of 2014, Redondo was elected to the only seat in the Legislative Assembly won by the ADC.
The PRD is one of the three major political parties in Mexico, the others being the Institutional Revolutionary Party and the National Action Party.
CFP's Jaime Roldós became the first freely-elected president of Ecuador after the rule of the military juntas in the 1970s.
Democratic Action is a Venezuelan centrist political party established in 1941.
The Scottish Jacobite Party was a political party in Scotland.
The Party of Democratic Socialism was a democratic socialist political party in Germany active between 1989 and 2007.
Labor Right is a broad alliance of various state right and centre leaning factions.
The three interest groups were the National Salvation Association, the Rural Reconstruction Association, and the Vocational Education Society.
It merged with Congress on September 23, 1978.
The Progressive Democratic Party is a newly established democratic party in Bangladesh.It is popularly known as 'PDP'.
The Christian Democratic Party is a Christian social conservative party in South Africa.
The party has also been listing famous people, including comedian Otto Jespersen and bishop Øystein I. Larsen, for local and national election against their will.
For the general election on 3 July 2011, Chartthaipattana forged an alliance with coalition partner Bhumjaithai Party.
It was created by uniting four minor nationalist parties who merged, and its name Narodnaya Volya translates from Russian as People's Will.
The Civic United Front is a liberal party in Tanzania.
The TDP currently holds the mayorship of the Nicosia Turkish Municipality with Mehmet Harmancı.
Politics of Poland Together join the election Law and Justice lists in Polish parliamentary election, 2015 and gained 8 seats in Sejm and 6 in Senat.
The party had councillors on several local councils, obtaining its best results in the Valencia province.
It merged into the Harmony party in 2010.
It is affiliated to the Committee for a Workers' International.
Great Russia is a Russian far-right ultra-nationalist political party that has been associated with neo-Nazism.
The party was led by a five-member "special branch," including Châu Vǎn Liêm, Nguyễn Thiệu, Lê Hồng Sơn, Hồ Tùng Mậu,... and Le Quang Dat.
In 1980 PCT unified with Communist Party of Spain to form the Unified Communist Party of Spain.
After Danelius died and was replaced by Horst Schmitt, the new leader attached the party even closer to the SED.
During its last legislative elections under the Otan banner, the party won 60.6% of the popular vote and 42 out of 77 seats.
Its leaders included Georges Bidault, Robert Schuman, Paul Coste-Floret, Pierre-Henri Teitgen and Pierre Pflimlin.
Malema is President of the EFF, heading the Central Command Team which serves as the central structure of the party.
Internationally, the party is affiliated to the Global Greens and the European Green Party.
It was founded in 2003 by Aigars Prūsis and Viktors Birze on the base of the human rights group Helsinki-86.
They won 62 deputies to parliament, but 19 ones of MHP and 3 ones of IDP left the Welfare Party after it.
Its members are called Sandinistas [sandiˈnistas] in both English and Spanish.
The party's logo consists of the Six Arrows, which represent the foundational principles of Kemalism: republicanism, nationalism, statism, populism, laïcité, and revolutionism.
The party represented the conservative position of the chiefs and intelligentsia who were dominant in the UGCC.
The First Party was unable to contest the election.
The KY won 69 out of 72 seats and proceeded to elect the 21 representatives from Buganda to the National Assembly.
The Social Liberal Union was a coalition of political parties in Romania.
It was formed by Leslie Cummings and Donald Jerrard, who contested Portsmouth South and Hampshire East at that election.
Tehiya, originally known as Banai), then Tehiya-Bnai, was an ultranationalist political party in Israel.
Founded in 1918, it and the Progressive Citizens' Party were the first political parties in Liechtenstein.
In the 22 August and 30 August 2007 House of Assembly of Kiribati elections, the party won 18 seats.
The BVR informs its member banks on economic and political developments and publishes the "Bank-Information” newsletter.
As a merger of several small parties, the party was ideologically diverse [1], with its membership ranging from moderate social democrats to liberals and conservatives.
Al-Shobaki was previously involved in the Egyptian Wafd Alliance.
In May 1945, Maček left the country, while HSS split into two fractions which boycotted the 1945 election because of their opposition to the Communists.
It consisted of Communist Party of India New Democracy, Communist Party of India, Communist Party of India Red Flag, and Lokapakhya.
The goal was to encourage unions but discourage strikes and class conflict.
Atid was a short-lived liberal political faction in Israel in the mid-1990s.
The adoption and enforcement of the Three Fs, namely
In the same year Joyce Blau, who had functioned as the courier between Curiel's Rome Group and the party in Egypt was arrested.
These parties usually follow a liberal democratic ideology.
The coalition candidate for the presidency was Susana Villarán.
The party leaders opted to delay reregistration and focus on recruiting new members and establishing party structure.
Farmer resigned as party leader in 1947, and was replaced the following year by Edwin Hansford.
It had a candidate for the 2008 presidential election, its vice-president is Jugoslav Dobričanin.
The Communist Party of Indonesia was a communist party in Indonesia that existed throughout the mid-20th century.
Hindu Makkal Katchi, is a nationalistic Hindu party in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu.
The party is strongly pro-European and is a member of the European People's Party.
The Assembly of Independent Democrats is an electoral coalition that participated in the January 30, 2005 National Assembly legislative election in Iraq.
TKİP publishes Ekim, Kızıl Bayrak, Ekim Gençliği and Kamu Emekçileri Bülteni.
Legislative productivity under the DPJ was particularly low, falling to levels unprecedented in recent Japanese history according to some measures.
Members who survived continued their political careers in Turkey as members of the Republican People’s Party and other political parties in Turkey.
The list obtained a mere 0.9% of the vote—and 6.0% among Italians abroad.
On 13 April 2014 a party congress took place, in which Nicolae Andronic ceded leadership to Renato Usatîi, and the party was renamed Our Party.
It largely represented the wealthy landowning elite Prussian Junkers.
Chhattisgarh Mukti Morcha is a political party in the Indian state of Chhattisgarh.
The manifesto of the party was published on May 20, 1995.
Currently, the CLP has one representative in federal parliament, Senator Nigel Scullion, who also serves as the Senate leader of the National Party.
He ran for the elections in 1992.
In the European election, 1989, the party gained 0.23% of the vote.
Học and other leading figures were captured and executed and the VNQDD never regained its political strength in the country.
The National Peoples Party was a political party in Pakistan most active in the province of Sindh and southern parts of Punjab.
The Coalition presented at first five candidates for the 2005 presidential election, but then finally agreed on the Humanist Party candidate, Tomás Hirsch.
The Sarawak National Party known by its acronym as "SNAP", is now a defunct political party in Malaysia.
Preceding the PNF, Mussolini's first established political party was known as the "Fascist Revolutionary Party", which was, according to Mussolini, founded in 1915.
The leader of the party in the Legislative Assembly of Goa is the Leader of Opposition, Chandrakant Kavlekar.
The current NEC was elected on July 15, 2011.
The Australian Motorist Party is an Australian political party dedicated to representing motorist and road users, as well pedestrians, throughout Australia.
The party is an observer member of the European People's Party.
Autonomy Liberty Democracy is a centre-left coalition active in Aosta Valley, Italy.
It was centrist, sometimes also classified as centre-left.
Other members included the philosopher Sidney Hook.
By Tyndall's admission, it remained ideologically identical to the NF, and took its name from that of a defunct 1960s party.
The party entered a post-election coalition with ruling DPS and SDP.
In the 2007 elections it gained councillors in some cities:
Formerly part of the Moderate Current Coalition, it describes itself as "in the center: in the right-wing economically, and left-wing socially."
With no party obtaining an overall majority, the AAP formed a minority government with conditional support from the Indian National Congress.
The party was dissolved and banned by Decree Law No.
There is a break-away faction of ACTUS led by Ley-Ngardigal Djimadoum.
The Communist Party of Togo is a communist party in Togo.
Another article by the Egypt Independent states that there are 13 parties and groups involved.
A Panhellenic Council was also elected on the day.
The party laid foundation to several other big parties later in time such as the Slavonic Party of Ukraine and the Party of Regions.
This editorial board was under the leadership of Yugoslavian national P. Yudin.
In the parliamentary election held on 21 April 2002, the party won five out of 155 seats.
The New Nationalist Party was a small, far-right political party founded by former members of the British National Party in 2006.
The Eelam National Democratic Liberation Front is a former Indian backed Tamil militant group in Sri Lanka.
The Slovene Union is a centrist political party in Italy representing the Slovene minority in the Friuli-Venezia Giulia region.
Since 5 June 2015, when Revival, a non-party faction in Parliament, merged with the party, it has 22 of 450 seats in Parliament.
The only other Copei member to become president of Venezuela was Luis Herrera Campins, between 1979 and 1983.
PCdoB shares the disputed title of "oldest political party in Brazil" with the Brazilian Communist Party.
The main everyday working organs are the Political Council, Executive Committee, and the Central Revision Committee.
At the legislative elections, 30 July 2000, the party won seven out of 165 seats in the National Assembly of Venezuela.
The Integration and Development Movement or MID is a political party in Argentina.
The Eén in the name Eén NL, meaning 'one', emphasizes national unity where NL is the standard abbreviation of the Netherlands.
After achieving Eritrean independence in 1991, it transformed into the People's Front for Democracy and Justice, which serves as Eritrea's only legal political organisation.
Several smaller parties are dissolved and joined the IASU, the most important of these was a union with Nasser's Egypt oriented ANM.
The Zimbabwe People's Democratic Party is a political party in Zimbabwe.
Pact partner BAM won 2.3% of the vote and defeated the former Minister of Education and Skills Development, Jacob Nkate, in the Ngami constituency.
However, it also supports the idea of a democratic referendum between monarchy or republic.
Ríos Montt's daughter, Zury Ríos, was the party's floor leader.
The National Fascist Union was a fascist political party formed in Argentina in 1936, as the successor to the Argentine Fascist Party.
It is led by László Rác Szabó.
In late 2001, SNP CG crumbled again with its founders quickly withdrawing from politics, abandoning Momir.
The party is included in the "European Union list of terrorist persons and organizations" as a component of ETA.
For European Socialism, was a democratic-socialist political party in Italy.
MSM was founded on March 1, 1999.
It included monarchist members from both the Orleanist and Legitimist factions, and also some republicans who admired the American model of government.
The party was officially established in Cameroon, as the National Union for Democracy and Progress, at a meeting in Douala on February 9, 1991.
The Greek Ecosocialists' party was a member of the Ecosocialist International Network and continued participating in SYRIZA.
The Greens are a Greek political party that supports the principles of political ecology.
The party has 15,000 members in Chin State.
Among the party's founders is Neringa Venckienė, a former judge.
Active citizenship is considered a buzzword by some due to its vague definition.
Originally adopted the name of Authentic Liberal Party, soon to be renamed Liberal Party of Chile and finally changed its name to Liberal Democratic Party.
In June 1973, the group attempted to carry out a coup against the Allende government but failed, in an event known as the Tanquetazo.
The party ran three candidates in the 2016 General Election, none of whom was elected.
N N Murali, a well known surgeon, is the party's candidate from Kottarakkara.
The Democratic Party of the Atlantic was a small political party, based in the Portuguese archipelago of the Azores.
In April 1935, the party was renamed Sudetendeutsche Partei following a mandatory demand of the Czechoslovak government.
However, in contrast to ASU's strong emphasis on Arab nationalism and Arab socialism, the NDP developed into a moderate centrist party.
Primarily a French-speaking party, it considers itself to be to the right of the Reformist Movement, the main centre-right party in Francophone Belgium.
That was the first parliamentary electoral victory of a National Democratic Alliance member in the state.
Rao later teamed up with the Congress Party, and was elected to the Rajya Sabha.
The Islamic Front regrouped after the unification of Yemen in 1990 under the banner of the Islah Party with considerable financial backing from Saudi Arabia.
At the legislative elections, held on 25 November 2001, DC won 3.7% of the popular vote and 3 out of 128 seats in the National Congress.
It consisted mostly the "Young Turks" faction of the Democratic Party which took a more pro-grassroots and street action approaches.
The Modern Centre Party is a political party in Slovenia led by Prime Minister Miro Cerar.
The New Politics Party or NPP is a political party in Thailand which was founded on June 2, 2009.
Formerly the most pro-Danish among Greenland's parties, Atassut has shifted to supporting home rule and increased autonomy, but without leaving the Kingdom of Denmark.
It was founded in Corte in 2002 by members of three nationalist parties, Union of the Corsican People, A Scelta Nova and A Mossa Naziunale.
AIJD president is former Union minister S. R. Bommai) and vice-president was Rajya Sabha member Vijay Mallya).
The Popular Socialist Party is a political party in Brazil.
Its founders—Dumitru Bagdasar, Gheorghe Vlădescu-Răcoasa, Simion Stoilow—were closely cooperating with PCdR men, but also with liberal opposition forces.
The CHU is one of the predecessors of the Christian Democratic Appeal, into which it merged in September 1980.
The group was led by Ram Piara Saraf.
It upholds the "Cantabrian Lábaru" as the legitimate flag of Cantabria, and advocates the linguistic integrity of the Cantabrian territory.
Now avowedly anti-socialist, it described itself as a "patriotic labour" group and focused on support for the war.
Speaking at a SWAPO rally on January 19 2008, SWAPO Secretary-General Pendukeni Iivula-Ithana accused the RDP of spreading lies and promoting tribalism.
On 2 June 2005, amid election rounds, Samir Kassir, a founder of the movement, was assassinated in a car bombing.
The Constitutional Democratic Party was a social-liberal political party in Italy.
The Chama Cha Mapinduzi is the dominant ruling party in Tanzania and the longest reigning ruling party in Africa.
Singh later deserted RVP and joined the Indian National Congress.
The Macedonian Alliance for European Integration is a political party of the ethnic Macedonians in Albania.
A more recent faction known as JUI-N, split off JUI-F in 2008, is also unrepresented at the national level.
The central organ of the party was Slovenské robotnícke noviny.
After the 2012 elections NUP remained in coalition with the People's Progress Party in the Kilman government.
It also supports equality of opportunity, meritocracy, aspiration, localism, social justice, free quality state education and the National Health Service.
In the 1973 legislative election, the CDP won 23 seats.
The Slovak Executive Committee rallied Slovak workers in Hungary for the social democratic cause.
In June 2010 Dai Davies said he was standing down as leader of the group and was retiring from politics.
The Revolutionary Committee operates a range of party-owned institutions, such as party schools.
There was also a party called SCF in Pakistan after Partition.
It grew out of the Stop the War Coalition, and from the start revolved largely around opposition to the United Kingdom's role in the Iraq War.
Today, the ANC remains the dominant political party in South Africa, winning every election since 1994.
Its youth wing is the Jeunesse Communiste de Côte d'Ivoire.
The word Mazingira is Swahili for environment.
Its Saxon chapter, under Fritz Fabritius, reemerged as the German People's Party the following year.
It was then led by E. Eshba.
By December 2014, the EFF claimed to have over half a million members, although this has not been independently verified.
The National-Social Association was a political party in the German Empire, founded in 1896 by Friedrich Naumann.
The New Jersey Reform Party was the state party organization for New Jersey of the Reform Party of the United States of America.
The group filled in candidates in the 2011 District Council election and 2015 District Council election but did not gain any seat.
Its unusual topography offers unique views of the city and the surrounding mountains of the Cordillera Real from numerous natural viewing points.
Its first Secretary General was Major General Khuwaildi al-Hamidi, a former member of the Revolutionary Command Council whose daughter is married to Al-Saadi Gaddafi.
The Community fought against particracy and Jacobin centralism, aiming to replace them with a federal union of local communities.
The Party Workers' Liberation Front 30th of May is a populist political party in Curaçao founded in 1969.
The party is led by Božo Petrov, its founder and former Mayor of Metković and Speaker of the Croatian Parliament.
The party has provided 12 of the 31 Governors of New Mexico, including only three in the past 40 years.
On 20 May 2009 the Social-Democratic Party was one of a number of opposition parties that during a press conference strongly criticised the government's foreign policy.
The party won 12.3% of the vote and 13 seats in the assembly of Kosovo, making it the third-largest party in the nation.
Its Italian counterpart was the Democratic Party of the Left.
The NPI was founded in June 2001, and was soon joined by British Columbian Members of Parliament Libby Davies and Svend Robinson.
The Nicaraguan Liberal Alliance is a political coalition in Nicaragua.
The December 2004 party congress upheld the decision to remain an independent party and elected Nataša Mićić as the new leader.
In the presidential elections of 1998, still with the previous denomination, launched the candidate Vasco Neto.
They declared that the Catholic and Muslim faiths were the religions of the Croatian people.
Since 2007, it has been the province's governing party.
At the 6 July 2004 legislative elections, the party won 3 out of 52 seats.
The African Development Movement was a political party in Gabon led by Pierre Claver Zeng Ebome.
In the 2013 elections, Kadima became the smallest party in the Knesset, winning only 2 seats and barely passing the electoral threshold.
Its symbols are a green and yellow flag with a five-pointed red star and the inscription "Pátria Livre".
It was anticommunist generally, and in particular anti-Soviet, circulating the theory of Jewish Bolshevism while describing its own program as the alternative, "positive", socialism.
The relationship between the two parties was characterized by strong hostility.
Since its creation, the coalition received the support of Cécile Duflot, José Bové and Dominique Voynet amongst others.
The RCC also contained followers of the Muslim Brotherhood, and neither HADITU nor the Brotherhood were in control over the revolution.
It has been actively involved in protests and engaged into violent clashes with police, including in the anti-parallel trading protests and the Mong Kok unrest.
The party was created by a merger between the centrist Progressive Party and the General Zionists, forming a right-leaning, middle-class-based party.
PTI has led the efforts to highlight corruption of the rulers.
Jackson's biographer Robert V. Remini argues that Jacksonian Democracy:
Grillo himself provocatively once referred to it as "populist".
On 5 December 2011, it merged into the Unified Progressive Party.
Vlaams Blok's track record in the Flemish and Belgian parliament elections was strong.
Eretz Hadasha is a political party in Israel, founded in 2012 to run in the 2013 parliamentary elections.
Curran represented Labour in the talks that led to the Good Friday Agreement in 1998.
In its first democratic elections in 1975, the CDS-PP won 16 seats out of 230 – increasing to 42 in the 1976 legislative election.
In 1988 the rivalry between IPC and PSAN leads to a split in MDT and two separate organizations, both called MDT emerge.
Stephen Ingle claims that it was formed by Librarians.
Four parties that participated in the Coalition of the Radical Left, supported Alekos Alavanos in the local elections in Attica.
On 2 October 2007, the Election Commission of Bhutan registered the party.
The Great Consolidated Popular Party is a political party in Ghana.
The organization published La Batalla, named after the Spanish POUM publication by the same name.
Rajasthan Vikas Party is the third largest political party in the state of Rajasthan.
It is negotiated now its associated membership in the European People's Party.
The party is a full member of Liberal International.
It merged into the Liberal Democratic Party of Moldova during April 2011.
DKP is one of four active communist parties in Denmark.
Awami Front, was a front of six Muslim political parties in Uttar Pradesh, India.
Andean Renaissance is a political party in Peru.
The Commission for Organizing the Party of the Working People of Ethiopia, generally known by its English acronym COPWE, was a political organization in Ethiopia.
With hundreds of political prisoners in jail, Ivory Coast is not in peace."
Swamy was appointed chairman of the political affairs committee of the party.
In the 1990s the party had the largest membership in the country, with one million members.
At the 2001 parliamentary election the party secured 73 seats, which enabled it to form a government.
Serb List is the representative political group of the Serb community in Kosovo, established in 2014.
Their only other election campaign came six years later for the 2007 election, in which they also fared poorly.
It was also one of the founding organisations of the Coordination Committee of Maoist Parties and Organisations of South Asia.
It is headed by A.C. Shanmugham, a former AIADMK member.
In 1904, it was again renamed, as the Scottish League for the Taxation of Land Values.
New Space is a moderate social democratic party in Uruguay.
This implies the rejection of the "experiences" of capitalism management spearheaded by the social democrats or of totalitarian regimes dominated by a single Stalinist party.
The Party of the Republic is a Brazilian political party.
However, the absence of a strong party's apparatus caused its dissolution after Deligiorgis' death in 1879.
The Republicans dominated the First Party System, despite internal divisions, until partisanship itself withered away during the Era of Good Feelings after 1816.
The party had a paramilitary wing called the Blueshirts.
The merger was ratified by the third PVP congress held in August 1975.
The independence option only received 1.50% of the vote in the referendum.
WPK produce a newspaper twice a month, called October.
In the 1979 elections ACL was part of the Democratic Coalition, together with Manuel Fraga's Popular Alliance.
Nonetheless the party participated in the government, with the party's only MP, Marcellino Pipite, serving as Tourism and Commerce Minister.
Ahead of the 2004 Lok Sabha elections, the DRPP merged with the INC.
It lost two of these seats at a by-election on 7 August 2003.
"It was a question which reminded a Catholic that he was first of all a Muganda; that the election was about identity and not policy."
Unlike other conservative parties in Europe its voters are predominantly urban,.
It was also supported by Christos Aidonis, an independent MP and Dimitris Tsironis.
The party intended to bring ideas of former Malaysian Prime Minister, Tunku Abdul Rahman.
Venetian Left is a communist political party in Veneto.
The movement widely bases its philosophy on the works of Ukshin Hoti.
Renua Ireland, commonly called Renua, is a political party in Ireland.
Together has taken two seats from the four in the Hungarian parliament but has no representatives in Brussels.
The Grenada United Labour Party is a political party in Grenada.
The party is affiliated to the Union of Communist Parties-Communist Party of the Soviet Union.
CWP changed its name to Workers Party in 1993.
It has its roots in the pre-independence Unión Bubi, which sought independence from the mainland half of Spanish Guinea.
It was registered with the Ministry of Justice on 15 January 1991.
DSG held its first congress in Dixinn November 20–22, 1955.
Its registration, however, was cancelled in 1995, and has not been reinstated since.
It was founded in 2009 by Petr Mach PhD, an economist and a university professor of Macroeconomics.
The previous president, Ma Ying-jeou, elected in 2008 and re-elected in 2012, was the seventh KMT member to hold the office of the presidency.
It is currently the Opposition party in the Cook Islands Parliament.
Today Janak Lal Thakur is the president of CMM and Anoop Singh its secretary.
The Yuriy Karmazin Bloc was an electoral alliance in Ukraine created in December 2005.
The Democratic Front Party was an Egyptian political party.
The party was founded in 1942 by Harry Midgley, former leader of the Northern Ireland Labour Party, in order to pursue his brand of labour unionism.
The Democratic Progress Party was a political party in Turkey which adhered to liberal conservatism.
Hezbollah receives military training, weapons, and financial support from Iran, and political support from Syria.
Restore the Family For Children's Sake is a political party launched in Great Britain for the 2015 Parliamentary General Election on 7 May 2015.
The United Left was an alliance of several leftist opposition groupings in the German Democratic Republic.
These failed insurrections led a large number of liberals into exile, among them Benjamín Vicuña Mackenna.
Its successor was the Peace Party between 1996 and 1999 - a splinter party from the Republican People's Party.
Communists of Russia is a communist party in Russia.
In the 2006 parliamentary election, the party won 3.47% of the vote: falling short of the 5% threshold to join the Slovak Parliament.
This policy increased ethnic tensions with the other republics and nationalities.
Adolfo Barrena Salces is the current General Coordinator.
Communist Party of Nepal Samyabadi साम्यवादी) is a political party in Nepal.
The party was formerly a member of the European Liberal Democrat and Reform Party.
Nevertheless, Konstantinos Tsaldaris resigned, in order that a government of national unity could be formed under the leadership of the Liberal politician Themistoklis Sophoulis.
The Free Soil Party was a short-lived political party in the United States active in the 1848 and 1852 presidential elections, and in some state elections.
In January 2013, the party was reregistered.
Despite this, the OFDM picked up one seat in the 116 towns which held elections for their administrative councils.
The party was expelled from the URS after it separately entered negotiations with the Democratic Party.
However the party survived as one of the original founders Bert Häggblom returned to recreate the party with new members.
In January 2015, Ranariddh returned to FUNCINPEC, and was re-appointed as the party's president.
At the 2005 General Election the party fielded one candidate, in Sittingbourne and Sheppey, who managed to poll more votes than the Veritas candidate.
API fielded 34 candidates in the 2014 Indian general election, whom together mustered 185,095 votes.
He would receive 109,003 votes, totaling 0.16% of intentions, finishing in 12th place.
It was renamed the Popular Socialist Party in 1960, and over time its leadership became less critical of the PRI.
The Historic Independent Smallholders' Party, was an agrarianist political party in Hungary, after having its members left the Independent Smallholders, Agrarian Workers and Civic Party.
At the elections in the Netherlands Antilles of 27 January 2006, it won one extra seat.
Bahrain, Afghanistan and Cacausia and its platform was based on anti-capitalism, anti-communism, anti-monarchism, anti-Semitism, anti-Bahá'ísm and anti-clericalism.
The Authentic Radical Liberal Party is a liberal party in Paraguay.
As a centre-left party, its aims are definded in the sense of social democracy.
The armed operations of FAC were then carried out by a 'Special Organisation'.
This is one of the budding political parties in Tamil Nadu, which organizes various agitations for the public causes.
Green Alliance is a Colombian political party associated with the philosophies of the Green party and radical centrism.
The High Command was led by a political commission, consisting of civilians and led by an officer party member.
The Union of Federalist Nationalists of Congo is a political party in the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
Liberal Party formally ceased to exist with all of its membership and party infrastructure re-joining HSLS in April 2006.
The chairman of the party was Marc Abramsson.
In March 1989, Andriamanjato broke away and formed the pro-Albert Zafy Party of the Independence Congress of Madagascar-Renewal.
After the elections Fradique de Menezes joined a new party - the Force for Change Democratic Movement-Liberal Party.
USNO remained in power until 1975 under Tun Mustapha's leadership, and until 1976 under Mohammad Said bin Keruak's leadership.
The party ran in the 2011-2012 Egyptian parliamentary election in Alexandria and Assiut.
The coalition's full French name is Front de l'Espoir.
Both SSRP and SERP had emerged from the Vozrozhdenie group.
It advocated a referendum on the issue following the overthrow of Slobodan Milošević.
The Ecology Party was the second step for Green politics in Britain and the grassroots of the Green Party of England and Wales.
The Democratic Party of Guam is a political party in Guam affiliated with the U.S. Democratic Party.
The Vanua'aku Pati is a democratic socialist political party in Vanuatu.
It was only an independent competitor in one city, Nuevo Laredo, where it won the municipal presidency.
In 2013, Tomoko Abe, the last remaining member of Tomorrow Party of Japan, joined Green Wind.
Suffragette, Independent Labour and Co-operative activist Margaret McCoubrey in 1920 was elected a Labour councillor for the Dock ward of Belfast.
Likud, officially the Likud–National Liberal Movement, is a center-right to right-wing political party in Israel.
It is based on the ideology of the former Whigs, Whiggism.
MJD contested the 1993 state elections together with Indian National Congress.
McHenry Venaani is president of the DTA.
The party was founded in 1979 by former members of the youth of National Alignment.
The Liberal and Centre Union was a conservative-liberal political party in Lithuania active between 2003 and 2014.
The party is a member of the European Green Party and Global Greens.
It has closer links to the government than the main Armenian Communist Party and does not join opposition fronts.
Madaraka Party was the only party that insisted on "No Constitutional Reforms, No Elections" and boycotted the fraudulent 2007 elections.
Civic Force was a political party in Romania.
At the 2003 elections, the party won 6.5% of popular votes and 2 out of 30 seats.
The former UDI's president and leader Jean-Louis Borloo claims to have 50,000 members.
The Center Party and the People’s Party were replaced by the Social Democrats and Pro Patria/Res Publica.
The party led a minority government in the unicameral Seimas, Lithuania's Parliament from 2004 to 2008.
It is led by the incumbent mayor of Lviv, Andriy Sadovyi.
The Singapore Progressive Party, or just, the Progressive Party is a now defunct political party that was formed on 25 August, 1947.
The Canarian Nationalist Initiative was a nationalist political party in the Canary Islands founded in 1991.
Despite holding a seat in the executive council in the Palestine Liberation Organization, PPSF is generally considered to have a limited influence over Palestinian politics.
Unlike other sections of Spanish left-wing political parties, the MCG was close to the Galician nationalist movement and supported self-determination and national sovereignty for Galicia.
They announced that the party regarded Lithuania as a democratic republic with rights to self determination.
The core proposals of the association are free market, small government, subsidiarity, political and fiscal federalism.
Following their withdrawal, the Persatuan Perdjuangan was able to pressure Sjahrir to resign from his position as Prime Minister.
As at 31 December 2013 the parliamentary faction Batkivshchyna counted 90 deputies.
The party was formed as a split from Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam.
Its registered officers were Daly, Collins, Declan Bree of Sligo County Council and Pat Dunne of Dublin City Council, all formerly of the United Left Alliance.
Almaz Atambayev replaced him on 30 July 1999.
In March 2008 Bill Scheurer announced that he had joined the Green Party and urged all of the Moderate Party's members to do the same.
[1] The smaller parties originally included the Broad Front, the Party of Victory, the Intransigent Party and the Christian Democratic Party.
The platform of the New Power Party is also very closely aligned with all the other Pan-Green parties.
Hiten Barman from Cooch Behar got 145 078 votes and Mihir Kumar Roy got 27 607 votes in Jalpaiguri.
and Big Bang, is a liberal and modernizing movement within the Democratic Party, a political party in Italy.
Meanwhile, there was also an attempt to revive PBDS and it was finally successfully approved and re-registered as Parti Bansa Dayak Sarawak.
By the moment of registration the party listed 1,700 members.
In May 2017, the party changed its name to the Pro-Life Alberta Political Association following the election of anti-abortion activist Jeremy Fraser as leader.
Hong Kong Indigenous is a radical, localist and nativist political group established in 2015.
The party won only a single seat in the 2015 general election, out of the 52 seats it contested.
Positive Montenegro is a non-parliamentary political party in Montenegro.
The American Independent Party is a far-right political party of the United States that was established in 1967.
The Democratic Party of Turkmenistan is a political party in Turkmenistan.
In 1931, Minseitō strongly opposed the Mukden Incident which was engineered by the Imperial Japanese Army.
As a result, it faces deep internal divisions on key issues.
Hungarian Civic Alliance, Građanski Savez Mađara) is a political party organized by some members of the ethnic Hungarian minority in Serbia.
It is no longer listed on the Register of Political Parties as Catholic Democrats.
As of 2009, the party's membership is 6,300.
Odisha Janmorcha Party is allotted 'kite' symbol by the Election commission of India.
During 5 November 2000 parliamentary elections, the party won 11.0% of the popular vote and 6 out of 125 seats in the National Assembly of Azerbaijan.
It was founded on 4 July 1987 by Surinamese leader Dési Bouterse.
Ian Paisley founded the DUP in 1971, during the Troubles, and led the party for the next 37 years.
They managed to get their demands met by the dictator.
It began as the Utah Independent American Party.
On the other hand, the Kuomintang was perceived to represent mainlander interests, thus they have supported the Hakka Party
It is currently chaired by businessman and Philanthropist Felix Obuah.
On 3 August 1923, the STP parliamentary group, members of party committee, the secretariat and district organisation leaders, and other members of staff were arrested.
Other formerly prominent Latvian politicians who are now party members include Jānis Jurkāns and Jānis Straume.
The National Renovator Party is a Portuguese ultranationalist political party.
As of January 20, 2015 the party holds all five statewide executive offices after electing Tom Wolf governor in the 2014 elections.
Communist Youth of Côte d'Ivoire is a political youth movement in Côte d'Ivoire.
The party disbanded as a separate political organization in 2014.
After the war, the Radicals demanded civil rights for freedmen, such as measures ensuring suffrage.
Its leader Gerrit Schotte became the first Prime Minister of Curaçao in a coalition cabinet of MFK, PS and MAN.
After dissolution of the Free Democratic Party, founder İsmet Kotak and his friends joined the Democratic Party.
Legally, the Front should not be confused with the Party for Victory, which is just one of the political parties in it.
Established in 1952 as the National Unionist Party, it is one of two political parties predating Sudan's independence, along the Umma Party.
In December 2003, the Canadian Alliance and the Progressive Conservative parties voted to disband and merge into the Conservative Party of Canada.
All of the party's parliament members joined the Moderates to form Moderate Coalition for Åland.
In the 2015 legislative elections held on 6 December, AD backed the opposition electoral alliance Democratic Unity Roundtable which managed to grasp a supermajority.
The Socialist Union of Popular Forces, USFP, is a social-democratic political party in Morocco.
Important members were Bronisław Geremek, Jacek Kuroń, Adam Michnik, Hanna Suchocka, Jan Rokita and Aleksander Hall.
It is also known as the Jeffersonian Republicans.
The Radical Civic Union is a centrist social-liberal political party in Argentina.
The Italian Nationalist Association was Italy's first nationalist political party founded in 1910, under the influence of Italian nationalists such as Enrico Corradini and Giovanni Papini.
It is not to be confused with the True Path Party founded in 1983 by Süleyman Demirel, which was renamed to Democratic Party in 2007.
Aziz Democratic Workers Congress is a political party and trade union in Sri Lanka.
For people like that Kabaka Yekka simply represented another means to advance their struggle against the chiefly hierarchy.
Oyama Ikuo was the chairman of the party.
The Chinese People's Party's President is Jeremy Lee, elected on 19 March 2013.
The party's colour is green and its emblem is a torch of freedom in a circle.
The LiPSA is one of the nine founding members of the International Alliance of Libertarian Parties.
It viewed the Rikken Minseitō as its main rival.
The Peruvian Communist Party is a communist party in Peru.
The party described itself as "a party of economic liberalism, political reform and internationalism".
The party was active from 1992 to 1998.
Its counterpart in the House of Representatives is the Congressional Ukrainian Caucus, which was established in 1997 and consists of 41 representatives.
The Military Committee, with Aflaq's consent, took power in Syria in the 8th of March Revolution of 1963.
In 2008, Yehude Simon of PMHP became prime minister of Peru under Alan García.
It is affiliated with the United States Democratic Party.
Basque Socialist Party or Basque Socialist Assembly was a socialist Basque political party, with presence in the Spanish Basque Country.
In 1999 it was the second largest party in Tajikistan.
In the elections held on 19 July 1997, the UP presidential candidate Ellen Johnson Sirleaf won 9.58% of the vote.
Won 2 of the 48 seats in the 1997 parliamentary elections.
It is one of the two largest political parties in Estonia and currently has 27 seats in the Estonian Parliament.
Forces for Renovation for Union and Solidarity, is a political party in the Democratic Republic of Congo.
To preempt future Polish efforts at re-establishing Poland's pre-war borders, in 1943-44 UPA military units carried out large-scale ethnic cleansing against Polish people.
Tara Shrestha was the general secretary of the party.
Party head Mostafa el-Nahhas took the side of Makram and dismissed Maher and Elnokrashy.
It is the Michigan affiliate of the Libertarian Party of the United States.
The Kaishintō pursued a moderate approach, calling for a British-style constitutional monarchy within the framework of a parliamentary democracy.
Occitan Republican Left is an Occitanist political party in Val d'Aran comarca of Catalonia, Spain.
Two years after, ML was transformed into a party by Leonardo Facco, Giorgio Fidenato and Marcello Mazzilli.
It was founded in 1963 from disaffected socialist Arabs from the ruling Zanzibar Nationalist Party.
The three party coalition, National Rally for Democracy and Movement of Society for Peace) won 249 of the 389.
It was created in February 2007 and participated in the Coalition of the Radical Left.
The Social Democrat Radical Party is a social democratic political party in Chile.
The Freedom and Justice Party is an Egyptian Islamist political party.
It is active in Wallonia and the Brussels-Capital Region.
The Green World Association quickly transformed itself into the Party of Greens of Ukraine.
It is a centre-right party, with a particularly liberal and Christian democratic ideology.
The Democratic Party, was a short-lived political party in Hungary between 1993 and 1994.
Naga National Democratic Party, a regional political party in Nagaland, India, founded in 1964.
Once Article 50 is triggered, there is a two-year time limit to complete negotiations.
It grew out of the Orange Democratic Movement Party of Kenya.
Indian Communist Party was a political party in India, a splinter group of Communist Party of India.
Most of its parliamentarians were members of the UMP and its parliamentary group, blurring the difference between RS and UMP.
In coalition with the Conservative Party, the party won the 2013 parliamentary election and entered into its first ever government.
Obóz Zjednoczenia Narodowego was a Polish political party founded in 1937 by sections of the leadership in the Sanacja movement.
The Socialist Party-1 is a socialist political party in Bolivia.
For them, membership to the Mixed Groups is the default option.
The Aama Odisha Party is a state political party of the Indian state of Odisha led by Soumya Ranjan Patnaik.
Today, PARNAS is led by Mikhail Kasyanov and is an associate member of the Alliance of Liberals and Democrats for Europe.
Inzar had 234 members when it finally became a "collective" inside the BNG.
The EFA's youth wing is the European Free Alliance Youth, founded in 2000.
However Mischaël Modrikamen did not get a seat in the chamber of representatives.
On February 2, 2012, the party dissolved and merged into the GNP, which was then renamed the Saenuri Party.
Lega Lombarda, whose complete name is Lega Lombarda–Lega Nord, is a regionalist political party active in Lombardy.
The first chairman of the SYP was J.W.
In 2009, the New Space, alongside Uruguay Assembly and Progressive Alliance, founded the Liber Seregni Front as a moderate social democratic sub-group within the Broad Front.
TOP 09 is a liberal-conservative political party in the Czech Republic, led by the former Czech Finance Minister Miroslav Kalousek.
In 2001 a minority left to form the Internationalist Workers Left organisation.
Recto became its presidential candidate for the 1957 presidential election, where he was defeated, getting 9% of the vote.
The party was also joined by the National Union of Independents and the African Regroupment Party, which lost their status as political parties following the elections.
The party stands for pluralism, equality, justice and liberty for all.
In 1960, Kripalani left the party and in 1964, Asoka Mehta joined Congress after his expulsion from the party.
The Union for French Democracy was a centre-right political party in France.
In the National Assembly, outdated electoral rules and Yugoslav police actions against opponents of the régime favoured the Radical Party.
Between 2,000-4,000 militants from the Somali National Alliance participated in the Battle of Mogadishu in 1993.
The Health Care Party is a political party in Sweden that concentrates on healthcare issues.
In 2007, VLOTT did not participate in the general elections, but their candidates appeared as independents on the Vlaams Belang ballots.
The party has two MEPs in the European Parliament and six seats in the Hellenic Parliament.
The party score was not better in its target group then in other age groups.
The coalition is seen as being supportive of current president Abdel Fattah el-Sisi.
SLFSP joined the coalition government led by UNP.
The party was founded by Donald Stephens in 1961 as the United National Kadazan Organisation.
Because the Central Committee met twice a year, most day-to-day duties and responsibilities were vested in the Politburo, the Secretariat, and the Orgburo.
In the 2014 Parliamentary elections, the BDP took 37 seats, giving it continued control of the chamber.
The party is one of the participants in the People's Democratic Congress, a political initiative instrumental in founding the Peoples' Democratic Party in 2012.
With Layton's election the NPI became less vocal and formally dissolved in early 2004 with a concluding public meeting being held on February 22.
It is one of the younger political parties in Singapore.
The party was also the only political party in Gibraltar that have openly committed to implementing a means testing system in government housing
In the 2003 elections, the party formed part of the Free and Fair Armenia electoral bloc before joining the United Communist Party of Armenia.
Rutelli's ApI even returned to the centre-left and one of its members, Bruno Tabacci, decided to run in the 2012 Italian centre-left primary election.
It was a party of élilte, made by white landowners and aristocrats.
In the 2003 Duma elections, Rodina won 9.2 percent of the vote and ended up with 37 of the 450 seats in the Duma.
The Torfaen People's Voice Group has since broken up over an internal dispute over Blaenau Gwent PV Group wanting to impose a candidate on Torfaen.
The Tagammu Party is not part of the coalition.
Unity registered as Latvian: Partija "VIENOTĪBA" Party "UNITY" is a liberal-conservative political party in Latvia.
Bashir Hawady was the general secretary of the party.
It was formed on 9 January 2010 from deputies in the Sejm that crossed the floor from the Law and Justice party.
After the Bulgarian Communist Party established the People's Republic of Bulgaria the party was banned.
Convergence for Social Democracy is the only major opposition party in Equatorial Guinea.
Social media has played a significant role in helping to expand the group.
The People's Alliance was a Bulgarian party created on 14 October 1921 by a group of non-party university teachers.
Alongside the party presidents, ASH had prominent members such as Vjeran Zuppa and Tomislav Jakić.
This was sufficiently successful that a national movement known as the "Scottish United Trades Councils Labour Party" was established.
MNF(N) was formed in 1997 through a split in the Mizo National Front.
Groen, founded as Agalev, is a political party in Belgium based on green politics.
All political parties including the CPN were banned by Omar Torrijos after the military coup of 1968.
The Green party was established on March, 2012.
The Neutral Free Austria Federation was a political party in Austria founded on 17 March 2003.
The AN's official newspaper was Secolo d'Italia.
Islamic Movement of Kurdistan has offices in various towns in Northern Iraq, including Suleimaniyya and Irbil.
The Combatants' Party was a nationalist political party in Italy, whose aim was to protect the interests of First World War veterans.
Singh had been Public Works Department Minister in the HVC-Bharatiya Janata Party cabinet in the state.
After the crisis, James Jemut Masing's group has formed and founded a new party Sarawak People's Party that has joined the Barisan Nasional coalition.
The Liberal Party, first known as the Constitutionalist Party, was a conservative, pro-French political party in Cambodia.
The Catalan referent of FLP was the Workers Front of Catalonia and its Basque referent was Euskadiko Sozialisten Batasuna.
The Singapore Democratic Alliance is an alliance of opposition political parties in Singapore.
It is located on the far right of the Ukrainian politics and built around the "Patriot of Ukraine".
The Labour Party is currently the largest party in the Welsh Assembly, forming the main party in the current Welsh government.
Among the initial leaders were Chairperson Ignatius Shixwameni and Deputy Chairperson Stephanus Swartbooi.
It is led by Khaled al-Werchefani, a former member of the Muslim Brotherhood.
PSOL is a left-wing party which is self-described as a socialist and democratic party.
Later PCE was legalized, although it had only an estimated 5000 members in 1988.
Democratic Union is a Soviet and Russian liberal party founded on 8 May, 1988 by Valeriya Novodvorskaya and Yevgeniya Debryanskaya.
In the March 1994 election, the party got 19 seats out of 36.
European Affairs are being dealt with by a representation in Brussels.
Youngspiration is a localist political party in Hong Kong founded in 2015.
The Union of Communists takes its name from Union of German and European Communists, established in the 19th century by Karl Marx and Friedrich Engels.
The party was formed after the Polish Independence March in 2012.
Its emblem is a distaff and its slogan is "Let's count on our own strengths first".
The leaders of the PDC were Rafael Arias-Salgado and Francisco Fernández Ordóñez.
The Arab Socialist Action Party was a Pan-Arab political party, formed by the left-wing faction of the Arab Nationalist Movement after the latter's disintegration.
It was established in 2005 by former Parliament speaker Mehdi Karroubi following his defeat in 2005 presidential election.
The National Committee was a Greek political party founded by Epameinondas Deligiorgis.
The Arab Socialist Ba'ath Party – Lebanon Region, officially the Lebanon Regional Branch, is a political party in Lebanon.
The Blue Party, also nicknamed together The Tailless, was a historical Dominican political party from the late 19th century to the mid 20th century.
In 1953, an uprising against the Party was met with violent suppression by the Ministry of State Security and the Soviet Army.
It proposes a semi-presidential system modelled on the French one.
The organisation played a leading role in the student protest movement of the early 1990s.
Maoist Communist Party is a small maoist communist party in Italy.
Overall, it has had a centrist position in the Norwegian political landscape.
The rest of The Struggle is now a section of the International Marxist Tendency.
To avoid repaying a Ls1 million campaign donation, the party was disbanded by the decision of its Congress on July 9, 2011.
The Radicals were ardent supporters of unification of all Serb-inhabited lands in the Balkans and adopted the slogan "Balkans to the Balkan nations".
Two demonstrators, UPL leader Dorothy Harnett and Presbyterian minister Samuel Hanna, were convicted of incitement to disorder.
Euskal Herritarrok was a coalition created in 1998 that replaced Herri Batasuna.
The following year the Labor Party formed an alliance with Mapam, adopting the Alignment name.
Before the elections, Samajwadi Party broke from the alliance on seat sharing dispute.
It participated in the 1974 election and failed to enter the parliament.
The Democratic Alternative was formed in March 1998 by Vasil Tupurkovski, charismatic member of the last Presidency of the former Yugoslavia.
In 2005, the party announced its departure from communism and turned to social democracy.
In preparation for the 2013 elections, the party took on Efraim Lapid as the chairperson and revamped its image into Dor.
A better deal for the country’s natural resources.
Already, the League was in decline, and when it stood five candidates in the 1885 general eelction, they received a total of only 2,359 votes.
The election gave poor results for both the CDR and the PdA.
The Independent Social Democratic Party, was a short-lived political party in Hungary, existed between 1989 and 1993.
The founders of LSSP(R) had 14 LSSP Central Committee members, and two members of parliament, Edmund Samarakkody and Meryl Fernando.
Although lasting only a decade, the Anti-Masonic Party introduced important innovations to U.S. politics, such as nominating conventions and the adoption of party platforms.
The PP was also one of the founding organizations of the Budapest-based Robert Schuman Institute for Developing Democracy in Central and Eastern Europe.
Although the Partido Auténtico had significant influence, it eventually became unpopular and, despite significant reforms, Fulgencio Batista returned to power.
Following the merger, the BCP controlled 5 seats in the National Assembly.
The party was formed in 2007 by former members of Ecological Intervention, an eco-socialist party that participated in the Coalition of the Radical Left.
BVP was formed ahead of the Lok Sabha 1999 elections by Bharatiya Janata Party Rajya Sabha MP, Janardan Yadav.
Its candidate at the presidential elections, Marco Orlando Iriarte won 1.0%.
The New Political Centre — Girchi is a Liberal party in Georgia, split from the United National Movement, and chaired by Zurab Japaridze.
CR proposes the construction of a socialist economy, based on workers' democracy and the traditions of the alternative labor movement.
It included many active Protestants, and voiced a moralistic opposition to the Jacksonian Indian removal.
It came into existence as a merger between the rival Liberal Union and National Party, to oppose Labor.
ALD elected Roberto Rolando Nicco of the Democrats of the Left to the Chamber of Deputies and Carlo Perrin to the Senate.
It was founded in 2011 and includes numerous dissidents against the incumbent government led by President Hamid Karzai.
Within the next four years, the MAS split into more than 20 groups.
Dhiravida Thelugar Munnetra Kazhagam is a political party in Tamil Nadu, India.
The European Republicans Movement was a tiny social-liberal political party in Italy.
The party had planned to contest the London Assembly election in 2016 and to stand Lindsey Garrett as a candidate for the London mayoral election, 2016.
The SPUSA advocates for complete independence from the Democratic Party.
The Sammarinese Union of Moderates itself gained 2 out seats and 4.17% of the national vote.
The leader of the party is Serdar Denktaş, son of former president Rauf Denktaş.
Its most prominent leader was Joaquim Maurín, and its main organ was La Batalla.
From the beginning of its existence one of its major issues has been the so-called "moral issue".
It was also in Nueva Vizcaya where his supporters lived in seclusion for forty years.
The People's Party was a political party in Serbia.
Communist Party of Nepal is a political party in Nepal formed by C.P.
The candidate, Brett Bursey, received 442 votes, or 3.06%.
The coalition Geroa Bai is currently leading the government in Navarre since 2016; the first time that EAJ-PNV took part in the government of this AutonomousCommunity.
The YCP then established party organizations in Shanghai, other major Chinese cities, and among overseas Chinese communities in Southeast Asia.
From 2002 to 2006 Freedom Union was part of a coalition government with the Social Democratic Party and the Christian Democratic Union.
Its member of the European Parliament sits with the European United Left–Nordic Green Left group.
United Ethiopian Democratic Forces, led by Merera Gudina and Beyene Petros
The trial began on 20 April 2015. the trial is ongoing as of 2017.
Its structure was based in local assemblies, and claimed the right to self-determination of Catalonia within a confederal Catalan Countries.
A number of causes contributed to CPSU's loss of control and the dissolution of the Soviet Union.
Diamond later stood for Parliament under a variety of labels before forming the Republican Labour Party.
Recreate Greece also approached Democratic Alliance, but the latter opted to run on the New Democracy list instead.
The faction however continued to be active within the party majority.
Proletarian Communist Party of Côte d'Ivoire is a clandestine communist party in Côte d'Ivoire.
On 20 September 2010, the only People's Voice representative, Trish Law AM, announced that she would not seek re-election at the 2011 Assembly election.
In the same year's municipal election of Milan the party supported Letizia Moratti, who was elected mayor for the House of Freedoms coalition.
For the contemporary party headed by Ovadia Fatkhov, see Lev LaOlim
When Jörg Haider was chosen as new FPÖ leader in 1986, the party started an ideological turn towards right-wing populism.
In early elections in 2011, the party's vote fell to 4.2% and it lost one seat.
Yorongar was the only FAR candidate to win a seat.
The SPM and ASF/JVA contended over the control of south Somalia until the JVA proved victorious, driving General "Morgan" into exile.
Only a small section of the party remained active, regrouping itself as the Guatemalan Party of Labour – Alamos.
The RRP won three Lok Sabha seats in the 1952 elections to the national Parliament and two in 1962.
Nevertheless, Corròp also included Occitan Republican Left and Initiative for Catalonia Greens.
Thereafter, it again engaged in long periods of abstention, to protest against the "illegal" partition of Ireland.
However, Faisal's collapse had greatly weakened the group, and its activities ceased soon after.
The party is close to the British Conservative Party.
In 1980 NFB suffered a split, as a group led by C. Ayyanan Ambalam left to found the Pasumpon Forward Bloc.
LNP(L) was formed a splintergroup of Lal Nishan Party in 1988.
One legislator was elected from each territorial subdivision of Uzbekistan plus one member from the Executive Committee of the Central Council of the Ecological Movement.
Hospital to Alta was a Norwegian political party which was active for the 2013 parliamentary election.
Vermaak has also claimed that AIDS was a hoax designed to promote the use of condoms among whites, claiming that 'no Boer [Afrikaner] ever had Aids.
Many aspects of Muammar Gaddafi's Libyan socialist revolution were based on that of Gamal Abdel Nasser.
He was re-elected with 60.58% of the vote.
The group is believed to be working with the Sri Lankan army.
All were Jordanians living in exile in Damascus.
The party also proposed to move the Anglo-Scottish border southwards to run from Morecambe Bay to Flamborough Head along line of latitude 54°7'N.
In 1980 elections ZAPU contested as Patriotic Front whereas ZANU contested as ZANU-Patriotic Front.
Health Care Party of the County of Skåne
It was formed on 18 December 1992 by the former President of Azerbaijan Heydar Aliyev, who led it until his death in 2003.
When registered by the Ministry of Justice it is going to be the first liberal party in Belarus.
It held its last formal meeting in 1958, though the party newspaper, Aiséirghe, continued to appear until the early 1970s.
The Republican Party of Minnesota is a conservative political party in the U.S. state of Minnesota.
The 'Rajasthan Vikas Party' is a political party in the Indian state of Rajasthan.
The Tamilnad People's Front was a political party in Travancore-Cochin, India.
In the municipality of Maluti a Phofung the party got 8,493 votes.
The party changed its name from Freeminded Co-operation to Moderates of Åland in April 2011.
The party was formed on the 21 August 2003 by a group of former members of the PDPA.
Scheurer elected not to run in the 2008 Congressional elections and the party candidate was Iain Abernathy.
In November 2011 Facco proposed the creation of an Independentist Libertarian Movement, which would support all the separatist movements and parties active around Italy.
The Glorious Frontiers Party is an Iranian nationalist political party exiled in the United States.
In 1973 SJC merged with Dorjee's Sikkim National Congress.
The party was founded in 1987, as a single-issue party from demanding equality of state pension provision between civil servants and all other citizens.
The African Regroupment Party was a political party in the French African colonies.
The KR has officially affiliation with the two inter-regional public associations: "The Communists of St. Petersburg and Leningrad Region" and "The Communists of the Far East".
The idea of a Tea Party Caucus originated from Rand Paul when he was campaigning for the U.S. Senate in 2010.
The party participated in the unitary organizations of the antifascist opposition in Catalonia, expecting to join forces with other social-democratic and socialist parties.
Instead, it is based on the network principle and mostly horizontal relations.
On 4 July 2006 the PAR merged with the National Alliance of Independents to form the Regionalist Party of Independents.
The Action Group was a liberal and, later, left-leaning political party which was supported largely by the peoples of the then Western Region of Nigeria.
Mauritanian National Renaissance Party) was an Arab nationalist political party in Mauritania from 1958 to 1961 led by Ahmed Baba Miské.
Colney Hrangthanga was the Vice President of MJD 1991-1992.
Vazgen Manukyan is the chairman of the party.
And the party slogan or motto is unity, stability, and development.
They interrupted several meetings of other political parties urging for boycott of the elections and claiming they were illegal.
The leader of the party is Moussa Touati.
The party was resurrected during the first Knesset when several of Maki's leaders, including Knesset member Eliezer Preminger, were purged soon after the elections in 1949.
The TILC refused to make them their official British section, instead choosing TILC sympathisers still in the WIL.
The party left the government in spring 1971 but returned in 1975.
Red has 10 county council representatives nationwide and 80 municipal representatives.
The PVV has also proposed banning the Quran and shutting down all mosques in the Netherlands.
Change 2011 is a Finnish political party founded in 2009.
The party won two seats in the Kerala Legislative Assembly, Shibu Baby John and Babu Divakaran, in the 2001 state election.
From 2001 to 2006, it was the ruling party under Prime Minister and its founder Thaksin Shinawatra.
The Pirates are focused mainly on civil liberties, sharing of information, effective use of technologies and privacy protection.
In May 2014, Nidaa Tounes announced that it would run on separate lists as well.
The party is a member of the National Consensus Forces opposition alliance.
Two of the UNDP deputies also allied with the RDPC.
As of January 15, 2013, there are 962,072 registered Democratic voters in Oklahoma.
At the Belarusian parliamentary election in 1995, the party obtained 1 out of 198 seats.
The party has had very poor results in all subsequent elections.
The anticomunist group is expelled but makes the Conservative Electoral Registration assign them the name of the Socialist Party of Chile.
The alliance was created in February 2012.
The American Party was a political party in Utah from 1904 to 1911.
The Radical governments led the Kingdom of Serbia through its Golden Age, as well as through the First World War.
In the 2005 elections, 3 July 2005, the party was part of the Alliance Sociale, that won 42 out of 70 seats.
In 1966, there was a military coup to overthrow the government, and the UDV-RDA didn't exist in the new government.
One group was led by Amal Sen and Nazrul Islam.
A right-wing liberal or conservative-liberal party, its most famous member was Chancellor and Foreign Minister Gustav Stresemann, a 1926 Nobel Peace Prize laureate.
Jamiat Ulema-e Islam, JUI-F, or JUIF) is a Sunni Deobandi political party in Pakistan.
The Neo-Communist Party of the Soviet Union was a clandestine radical left group, which existed in the Soviet Union between September 1974 and January 1985.
Three interlocking propositions underpinned the ‘Turnerite’ viewpoint:
The same name was also used by an older Egyptian party founded in 1921.
The party strongly supports Stalinism, and states that it "consistently fights revisionism, opportunism and its main form, anti-Stalinism."
Elsewhere Baird stood in Fermanagh and South Tyrone, dividing the unionist vote but polling poorly.
Under deputy leader Sivanesathurai Chandrakanthan, they contested their first provincial elections in 2008, winning a majority in the Eastern Provincial Council.
In the elections to the European Parliament in 2004 ICV ran on the Izquierda Unida list.
In its first ten years following its founding in 1998, the party was denied registration as a political party by the Federal Government of Malaysia.
It also supports a zero tolerance policy toward crime, and is against the introduction of identity cards and recent anti-terrorist legislation on civil liberties grounds.
The League conducted militant agitations in the Jewish neighbourhoods of Cairo.
Initially called the China National Youth Corps, the YCP acquired its current name during its fourth national convention in September 1929.
Currently the FDP is represented in nine state parliaments and in the European Parliament.
When it was publicly launched, NDFLOAG had branches in different towns in Oman and in most of the other parts of the Persian Gulf.
NFP holds 3 seats in the General National Congress, making it the third largest party.
Baude was succeeded by Anders Carlsson, who held the post as chairman between 1999 and 2014 The current chairman is Robert Mathiasson.
Along with the largest and third largest component party in BN, i.e.
In 2002 the SDU merged with Social Democracy and founded the Social Democratic Party.
The Central African National Liberation Movement, was a political opposition movement in the Central African Republic led by Rodolphe Iddi Lala.
The party supported Patrice Trovoada in the 30 July 2006 presidential election.
The party is affiliated with former President Igor Smirnov.
The Egyptian Bloc was an electoral alliance in Egypt.
Capitalist and colonial exploitation was present in Occitania, pursuing the liquidation of the Occitan national minority.
The latest incarnation of the party is the Italian Radicals, founded in 2001.
The Pirate Party, PIRATAS)) is a political party in Brazil.
In 1922 Chadecja became part of the Chrześcijański Związek Jedności Narodowej coalition.
In the elections in 2007, the party received 8.14% of the vote, giving it 40 of the 450 seats in the State Duma.
They still maintained that they were a Marxist party.
The PSL was defeated by the communist-led bloc in the rigged legislative elections of 1947.
The organization supports the continuation of the republic's independence which was declared on September 2, 1990 and rejects any talk of potential reunification with Moldova.
In October 1975 it joined the NF-dominated United Political Organization.
PBDS, a breakway of SNAP in Sarawak state election in 1987, won 15 seats while its Permas won only 5 seats.
It contended the 2009 European Parliament elections under a common banner with Libertas Party Limited, the organization founded by Declan Ganley.
Moreover, he had been discontent with the election of Charles-Ferdinand Nothomb as party leader.
Both seats won by the alliance went to DISY members.
The Social Democratic Party formed in 1988 was a political party in the United Kingdom led by David Owen which lasted for only two years.
The alliance received 55% of the vote, winning 206 of the 354 seats in the Hellenic Parliament.
In the August 2005 Regional assembly elections, the party claimed victory, winning all 152 seats in the Tigray Region.
It boycotted the 1964 and 1966 presidential votes.
The CNC was founded in 1986 by Antonio Cubillo, former general secretary of MPAIAC, after Cubillo returned from Algiers, where he lived.
Mizoram People's Conference, a regional political party in Mizoram, India.
Communist Party of the Menadores is a political party in the municipality of Callosa de Segura, province of Alicante, Spain.
The LRA is a political alliance of several smaller and regionalist parties including the Regional Alliance, the LSDSP, the Christian Democratic Union and the Vidzeme Party.
Barrie Unsworth, for example, was elected party leader while a member of the Legislative Council.
or officially designated and signed points in such public facilities.
Party members were called Kadets, from the abbreviation K-D of the party name.
Moderation and Development Party is a political party in Iran.
AKP was founded in 1973, as Arbeidernes Kommunistparti.
The party controls most government bodies in Armenia.
The UC was formed by Ahmadou Ahidjo in 1958 when he broke from André-Marie Mbida and the Bloc Démocratique Camerounaise.
The Social Democratic Party of Lithuania is a social-democratic political party in Lithuania.
It is named after the German group Pegida.
In 1987 the National Front did not obtain the 70,000 votes required for representation.
The alliance fielded 65 candidates in 40 provinces.
FLP emerged as a response to the difficulties of the traditional left to establish a foothold inside Spain.
The Labour Party is a social-democratic political party in the Republic of Ireland.
Developed from the tradition of moderate Islamism, the party is the largest in Turkey.
The Pioneer Party, also known as the Leadership Party, is a civil political party in Egypt.
Its first meetings, which demanded reunification, were held in Yerevan on February 21, 1988.
The Democratic Party Sint Maarten is a political party in Sint Maarten.
It was founded in 1924 by the Lebanese intellectual, writer and reporter Youssef Ibrahim Yazbek and Fou'ad al-Shmeli, and Dany Fouani a tobacco worker from Bikfaya.
Ephraim Union is a regional political party in the Indian state of Mizoram.
The party is located in MAGRO Ankorondrano, Antananarivo.
It was the end of AD, as Franceschini soon acknowledged.
The LVR emerged in 1998 as a split from Liga Veneta, the "national section" of Lega Nord in Veneto.
Abdullah Abdullah was a close friend of the Northern Alliance leader Ahmad Shah Massoud who was assassinated two days before the September 11 attacks.
The Australian Democrats Incorporated, known as the Queensland Democrats, is an incorporated association, located in Queensland  under the Incorporated Associations Act 1981.
Members of the original Black Panther Party have insisted that the newer party is illegitimate and have firmly declared, "There is no new Black Panther Party".
In July 2014 UPS joined Citizens – Party of the Citizenry.
It was named by the then-Tokyo Metropolitan Governor Shintarō Ishihara who supported the action.
This result made the party the fifth of five parties to surpass the support threshold of 5% of eligible voters necessary to enter parliament.
Most NPI members were former supporters of Berlusconi, but there is also a relevant group of disillusioned Democrats.
However, Veroljub Stevanović announced his plan to revive the party in late 2014, and the necessary signatures were collected by 20 February 2015.
The party is run by a ten member coordination committee and requested official recognition from the government as an official party.
The Federated Sabah People's Front or Barisan Rakyat Sabah Bersekutu was a political party based in Kota Kinabalu, Sabah, Malaysia.
Work groups on specific themes are called Squads.
In 1917, under pressure from the Liberals, rather than oppose modifications to the Constitution, the Conservatives did not accept the changes and tried to adapt.
It is questionable whether it is an independent and strong party.
The party was a successor of the Italian Liberal Party.
Former Prime Minister Edem Kodjo is the President of the CPP as of 2007.
Napier and Cooper wished to establish a new political party, a position which was strongly opposed by Walker.
Chiang believed that the time was ripe for a strategy that combined class and national movements.
The party was founded by all members.
In 2015 it has about 100 members.
The SNP also currently has 2 MEPs in the European Parliament, who sit in The Greens/European Free Alliance group.
Communist Workers' Party – For Peace and Socialism is a political party in Finland.
A new party of the same name was then founded on December 25, 2002 by Hiroshi Kumagai, also a defector from the DPJ.
The National Association of German Cooperative Banks is the umbrella association for the cooperative banking sector in Germany.
The Daljir Party, abbreviated DP in English and XD in the Somali language, is a social conservative political party in Somalia.
The attacks had caught SAF by surprise, and the attacks contributed to the perception that Said bin Taimur was unable to defeat the insurgency.
RJM is registered with the Election Commission of Nepal ahead of the 2008 Constituent Assembly election.
NXT was also successful in the South Australian Division of Mayo in the lower house, electing Rebekha Sharkie.
^ ACT Department of Justice and Community Safety, Office of Regulatory Services
José María González is the current General Coordinator.
The transition to the Citizens Party lasted several months.
However, the Hamas legislative victory led to a conflict between Fatah and Hamas, with Fatah retaining control of the Palestinian National Authority in the West Bank.
The Alliance of Independent Social Democrats, formerly the Party of Independent Social Democrats, is a Serb political party in Bosnia and Herzegovina, founded in 1996.
He was imprisoned for six years in 1991 on charges of participating in a coup d'état against the Latvian authorities in August 1991.
After the Syrian parliamentary election held in 24 and 25 September 1954, the Socialist Cooperation Party gained 2 seats in the Syrian Parliament.
It is an exception to the Iranian environmentalist movement, in which most of organizations and NGOs are tolerated, and sometimes encouraged by the government.
This was the only experiment of electoral cooperation between Jana Sangh and a left-wing party in West Bengal.
After the 1939 German invasion of Poland and the start of World War II, OZN leadership passed to Colonel Zygmunt Wenda.
Party Reform and Order was a liberal political party in Ukraine.
The party is against globalisation, supporting renationalisation of the energy industry and protectionism.
The party is one of the most outspoken against the National Congress, advocating a popular uprising to overthrow the government.
Chancellor Dollfuss was assassinated by the Nazis in July 1934.
The Popular Unitary Action Movement or MAPU was a small leftist political party in Chile.
It was founded on 4 December 2005 by a left-wing split from the Valdostan Union and its leader was Roberto Louvin.
It represented the political idea of a cooperation of Croats and Serbs in Austria-Hungary for mutual benefit.
The party was formed on 2 June 1993 in Banja Luka, as one of the first democratic alternatives to nationalist government of Republika Srpska.
But Ofer said "Wir wollen mit der Piratenpartei Österreichs nichts zu tun haben, das sind Pfuscher.".
Naga National Party, is political party in the Indian state of Manipur.
Amongst the comarcas of Catalonia, the coalition achieved its best result in Baix Llobregat with 4,710 votes.
Tsiranana had joined the French Section of the Workers' International group, and the French SFIO government aided the construction of the PSD.
After the elections LPP gave their support to the United National Party government.
After the fall of the Alfredo Stroessner regime the party re-emerged as a legal party.
It was described by Boland as "a return to what Fianna Fáil was when it was set up to subvert the Free State."
It had three seats in the European Parliament.
Tariana Turia founded the party after resigning from the Labour Party, where she had been a minister in the Fifth Labour Government.
The party calls itself social-liberal and supports a social market economy .
By the end of the war Rex was widely discredited, and was banned following the liberation.
Party chairman Ivars Godmanis became Minister of the Interior in November 2006, and then Prime Minister in December 2007.
It again came to power in the new state of Kerala under Pattom A. Thanu Pillai from February 1960 to September 1962.
The Renzi experience and the introduced mutations won't be a parenthesis.
During the 1970s, the IIP began operating in exile in Great Britain and published a newspaper called Dar as-Salam.
The party combined radical nationalism and neo-Nazi features.
According to accounts filed with the Electoral Commission, in 2006, Third Way had 20 members and cashflow of approximately £1,400.
Cambio 90 was the ruling party of Peru from 1990 to 2000.
The People's Movement against the EU is a political association in Denmark against the European Union.
The CSVD was founded in December 1929 through the merger of two Protestant political formations: the Christlich-soziale Reichsvereinigung and the Christlicher Volksdienst.
It influenced much of the country's history since 1941.
The UDPS is an observer member of the International Democrat Union's African branch.
The party is composed of four separate political parties who retain their independence.
The current party leader is Avi Gabbay.
On 28 October 2007, 500 people turned out to a National Front demonstration at the monument of Christopher Columbus, in Madrid.
A popular assembly is a gathering called to address issues of importance to participants.
He polled 4th place and therefore did not make the runoff.
The party is also organised in Northern Ireland but has yet to contest an election there.
Most of the parties were former members of the Bloc of Eight electoral coalition.
It was founded in May 1957 and was originally composed of parties from Jamaica, Trinidad and Tobago, St. Lucia a number of individuals.
In the 2011 presidential election, Popular Force supported the candidacy of Keiko Fujimori for President, Rafael Rey for First and Jaime Yoshiyama for Second Vice President.
The Movement for the Renewal of Social Zionism was a short-lived minor political party in Israel during the mid-1980s.
GGP has one member in the Maharashtra Vidhan Sabha.
Both the BPUP and APP had been registered with the Election Commission.
Its ideological background and ethnic support base has continuously shaped its character and political agenda.
At the legislative elections held on 9 April 2006, the party won 15.3% of the popular vote and 17 out of 120 seats in Congress.
Freedom and Solidarity is a liberal and libertarian political party in Slovakia.
Karnataka Vikas Party, was a regional political party in Karnataka, India, formed when Sarekoppa Bangarappa left the Indian National Congress in 1996.
The Party of Rights, and its best known faction the Pure Party of Rights, was an influential Croatian political party in the 19th and 20th centuries.
At the Kenyan general election, 2007, Mazingira was part of the newly created Party of National Unity led by President Mwai Kibaki.
In the 2001 parliamentary election, the party won 1 out of 300 elected members.
The Jamote Qaumi Movement is a political party in the Balochistan province of Pakistan.
It was founded in 2005 and was led by Nello Musumeci, a MEP who was elected on the list of National Alliance.
The Ukrainian Peasant Democratic Party is a former political party in Ukraine.
The party has 8,273 members as of 2014.
The party participated in the 2006 elections as part of the Center Front together with Popular Action.
In the second decade of the 21st Century the PLP remains in existence, publishing a weekly newspaper called Challenge.
The Institutional Democratic Party was a Guatemalan pro-government political party active during the 1970s.
The party stood for Canadian nationalism, monetary and electoral reform, and opposed liberal globalization and free trade agreements that had been signed by the Canadian government.
The Republicans is a national conservative political party in Germany.
It was a government party as a part of the Károlyi Government, Berinkey Government, Peidl Government, Interim National Assembly and Dinnyés Government.
It is led by Mohammad Wali Arya who resides in the United States of America at the moment.
The Communist Workers League had militants mainly in Barcelona.
After his death in August 1931 from typhoid, the party fell into disarray and later disbanded.
During the legislative elections on 28 March 2004, the party was part of the Rightist Opposition alliance, together with the New Rights party.
In a move that was seen as reflecting a desire to distance himself from Endara.
However it lost the 2011 general election and is in opposition.
Armenia's second president Robert Kocharyan was instrumental in creation of the party.
Some communists, like Kim Il-sung went into exile in China, where they joined the Communist Party of China.
The Union for Rebirth / Sankarist Party is a political party in Burkina Faso.
Discussions took place on forming joint students fronts, for example.
In March 2007, People's Voice signalled its aim to expand into other constituencies with Torfaen, Monmouth, Islwyn, Newport East, Swansea and Blackpool all being mentioned.
Sikkim Congress, political party in the Indian state of Sikkim.
In elections held on 29 August 1969, the NAL won 29 out of 140 seats in the National Assembly.
In 1931 it was created from the merger of three other, smaller, peasant-based parties: Polish People's Party "Piast", Polish People's Party "Wyzwolenie" and Stronnictwo Chłopskie.
The movement was led by Sayyid Ali Beheshti.
It was established in Iran in the 1980s and today its political support comes from Iraq's Shia Muslim community.
The 18 Party Alliance is formed as an effort to strengthen the anti-government movement demanding restoration of the caretaker government system.
Prominent Australians who are members of the association include John Howard and Malcolm Turnbull.
In the first election it participated in the party obtained 68,283 votes.
These, apart from Timothy Healy, included James Gibney, Maurice Healy, Arthur O'Connor and T. M. Sullivan.
Communist Party of India Somnath is a splinter group of Communist Party of India.
Currently, it is led by President, Joseph Kurup, Member of Parliament for Pensiangan.
It was officially recognised on 10 February 2012, and had 480 members on that date.
The party's general secretary was Albert Farrán.
On June 19, 2014, Tea Party Caucus member Steve Scalise of Louisiana was elected as the House Majority Whip.
When Song Si-yeol took the side of the older Westerners in 1683, the younger Westerners were infuriated at Song.
However, it never grew beyond a minor party of intellectuals which failed to gain mass support in elections.
The New Zealand Party operated as a political party in New Zealand from 1983 to about 1986.
Five leftist legislators who did not join the SDP formed the New Socialist Party, which lost all its seats in the following elections.
The British Workers League was a 'patriotic labour' group which was anti-socialist and pro-British Empire.
The founder and leader of the party is Carl P. Herslow.
In 2014, the SPNJ declared victory in a lawsuit against the State of New Jersey over the State preventing the Party from having voter registration rights.
It was renamed the Communist Party of Mexico in 2010.
It is an observer of the European People's Party.
In the 2003 Scottish Parliament election, McConnachie stood in Glasgow Kelvin and received 1,300 votes.
He was to by-pass the professional politicians and seek to unite all Baganda irrespective of their social class.
National Hope is a Greek monarchist political party with no MPs in the Greek Parliament.
The party was led for much of its existence by Colonel Edward James Saunderson and later by William St John Brodrick, Earl of Midleton.
The Alliance of Patriots of Georgia is a self-defined pro-Russian, populist opposition party in the republic of Georgia.
The party was created in 1996 and supports the government of president Alexander Lukashenko.
DBSM was led by Satnam Singh Kainth.
It was then established in the Dominican Republic on July 5, 1961.
It was founded in 1989 by dissidents of the Brazilian Labour Party and is a minor force in Brazilian politics.
The party identifies as pragmatic and centrist in ideology, with some social liberal features.
It was the provincial wing of the national CCF.
A few months later Democrats disagreed with Thanos Tzimeros and broke away.
The party fielded six candidates in the local elections.
War Democrats in American politics of the 1860s were members of the Democratic Party who supported the Union and rejected the policies of the Copperheads.
The goal: "A Nation In Which We Live As Its Owner."
The FPK was founded as branch of the Freedom Party of Austria by Jörg Haider in 1986.
Among its founders were Aleksandar Grekov, Aleksandar Tsankov, Petko Staynov, Dimitar Mishaykov and others.
The Alliance for Patriotic Reorientation and Construction is a political party in the Gambia.
Also splinters from the Italian People's Party joined.
In the 2008 elections it was part of the Patriotic Alliance for Change electoral coalition, and had a representative, Rafael Filizzola, appointed interior minister.
Their youth is the Joves Comunistes del Poble Català.
It was founded as a political party on 17 March 1990.
In 1972, SSP was reunited with PSP, forming the Socialist Party.
The Watani didn't win many seats in the elections, and after the coup d'état of 1952, the party was banned.
Movement for a Responsible, Sustainable and Entrepreneurial Venezuela is a green political party in Venezuela.
The Sheko and Mezenger People's Democratic Unity Organization is a political party in Ethiopia.
The party was founded by a group of ulamas with royalist and islamist ideas that legitimized the Sir Lee Stack's assassination in 1924.
The People's National Party of Belize was a political movement headquartered in Punta Gorda, Toledo District, Belize.
A further narrowed group of politicians then founded the People's Socialist Party of Montenegro.
The non Bodo tribes feel they are second citizens of Bodoland.
The AINDF is guided by the Juche doctrine of North Korea.
The Liberal Party is a political party in Japan.
The new Janata-led government reversed many Emergency-era decrees and opened official investigations into Emergency-era abuses.
As reported by the International Herald Tribune Belykh "sought to explain his decision by arguing that he could do more good by working with the Kremlin.
It was closely affiliated with Józef Piłsudski and his Sanation movement.
For most of its existence, the party was dominated by its First Secretary, Enver Hoxha, who was also the de facto leader of Albania.
The WWP has published Workers World newspaper since 1959, and it has been a weekly since 1974.
Until 1997, double membership of PPD and the PS was allowed.
Democratic Area, better known as AreaDem, is a broad faction within the Democratic Party, a political party in Italy.
The movement backed Hamdeen Sabahi in the 2014 Egyptian presidential election.
The Union of Moderate Parties is a conservative moderate political party in Vanuatu founded in 1981.
The Andrews Ministry comprises 22 ministers, 5 of which are members of the Legislative Council.
Haryana Vikas Party was a political party in the Indian state of Haryana.
COPWE was a preparty organization, it had the task of preparing the Ethiopian people for creation of a Communist Party.
The SDP won 6 seats of the 39.
The PAD supported the PSOE in the 1982 general elections.
The BDP was shaped by Sir Seretse Khama, who is celebrated for nurturing the success of Botswana.
However Dochev and a number of other leading members would re-emerge in the anti-communist exile group, the Bulgarian National Front.
The Liberal Christian Democrats Union is a political party in the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
As of 2007, 7 members of the parliament are labelled as representatives of Firaisankinam-pirenena.
8,987 of Defense of Democracy in which the PS was divided in its vote and support among pro-communist and anti-communist.
In September 1985, the party merged into the United Democratic Party.
That dropped to 0.01% of the vote in the 2011 general election, with 1,876 votes.
In 2004 Leszek Moczulski dissolved KPN, while Słomka declared his KPN-OP the main KPN and gathered some members of the now-disbanded Moczulski's KPN.
The Al-Muthanna Club was an influential pan-Arab fascist society established in Baghdad ca.
It was founded by Stanley Masauli and Gwanda Chakuamba in 2004.
KIMMA left the coalition before the 10th Malaysian General Election.
Deputy Prime Minister Musalia Mudavadi had expressed interest in becoming the party's presidential candidate in the 2013 Kenyan general election.
Its French-speaking equivalent is Ecolo; both parties maintain close relations with each other.
It stood its first candidate for election in the Aberdeen Donside by-election, 2013, coming last with 35 votes.
The party secured 45 of the 47 seats to the National Assembly.
The Workers' Party of South Korea was a communist party in South Korea from 1946 to 1949.
It had already been defunct for more than a year, according to the former president Mlađan Dinkić.
The Scottish Green Party was created in 1990 when the former Green Party split into separate, independent parties, for Scotland, Northern Ireland, and England and Wales.
The core of the party was composed by the Free Democrats, the faction Rutelli launched some months before leaving the PD.
At the city council elections in Tbilisi on October 5, 2006 only 2.77% of the constituency voted for the party.
Lupu and his supporters were among those who established the Peasants' Party.
The Unity Party was a short-lived political party in the early of the Republican period of China from 1912 to 1913.
Early leaders of the PCP included Eliseo Echévez and Cristóbal Segundo.
The Cuban constitution ascribes the role of the Party to be the "leading force of society and of the state."
The Movement for Change and Prosperity is a political party in Montserrat.
Kulanu, also transliterated Koolanu, is a centrist political party in Israel led by Moshe Kahlon that focuses on economic and cost-of-living issues.
The party joined the Pheu Thai Party-led coalition government under Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra in 2011.
Finally, by resolution O-56 of 29 January 1988, the Electoral Service officially signed up the party.
Azarug Is a leftist youth organization of the Canary Islands founded in 1992 that seeks the independence of the archipelago.
Rayalaseema Parirakshana Samithi is a regional political party in the south Indian state of Andhra Pradesh.
In 1970–1973, these strategic differences had become so acute that the Socialist Party changed its name to Social Democrats, USA.
The party was formerly known as eThekwini ECOPEACE and eThekwini Ecoparty—eThekwini is the Zulu name for Durban, where the party is based.
The women's wing of KDF is the Kerala Dalit Mahila Federation.
The Assembly of the United People was a Galician political organization, with an independentist, socialist and feminist ideology.
Saudi Arabia: Arab Socialist Action Party – Arabian Peninsula
Fanjava Velogno is a political party in Madagascar.
It was founded in 2009 and was a member of Social-National Assembly until 2013.
Al-Ahrar states prominently in its party platform that it wants to fight corruption which it says is rampant in al-Maliki-run government.
The party aim was self-determination for the islands and socialism.
It was formed in 1990 through a split in the Socialist Unity Party, led by G. H. Andersen.
With the revision of the party law the economic positions of the 12 MPs was guaranteed for the general elections of the year 1975.
He was Chief of Pakistan Muslim League-Functional, and spiritual leader of the ‘Hur’ Jamaat organization.
From 1996 to 1998, the party was led by human rights activist Adem Demaçi.
Democratic Socialists of America is a democratic socialist organization in the United States.
In December 2008, the party came under fire as its deputy chairman, Yongyuth Tiyapairat, faced charges of electoral fraud concerning the 2007 general election.
The party was able to obtain one seat in the 1989 election and one in the 1990 election.
Maathai was first outvoted at the PNU primary elections and therefore vied on Mazingira ticket, but at the parliamentary elections lost again to the PNU candidate.
The party supports the Barisan Nasional coalition but it is not a member.
It is a member of the Liberal International and Alliance of Liberals and Democrats for Europe.
From 1945 to 1987, it alternated with the Social Democratic Party to be the largest party.
In that year's Westminster general election, Paisley was elected to represent Antrim North in the British House of Commons.
In the Lok Sabha elections 1998 FB(S) was with the Indian National Congress.
United Workers Party, Arabic: حزب العمال الموحد‎‎, abbreviated 'مبام') was a left-wing political party in Israel.
The notion of the Enragés as a cohesive group was perpetuated by the Jacobins as they lumped their critics Leclerc and Roux into one group.
It was abolished by the military regime in 1965.
The Party of Serbian Unity was a nationalist political party in Serbia, founded by Željko Ražnatović "Arkan".
It has often been described as a Māori party.
Former MP John Vaughan also contested Sturt.
The Alliance for the Village and Countryside, was an agrarianist political party in Hungary, based in Baranya County.
He chose, however, to leave the regional majority the 18 December 2008 over the hospital of Carhaix question.
The Communist Party of Albania is a communist and anti-revisionist Marxist-Leninist political party in Albania.
The Progressive Democratic Party was a liberal conservative political party from Gibraltar.
Earlier, many members had formed the National Democratic Party after attempts at reform failed.
As such, it is a component party of the United Left of the Valencian Country group.
They had party legal existence between January 1988 and July 1991.
PRL, FDF and MCC became components of the Reformist Movement in 2002.
Liberal Democracy was a conservative-liberal political party in France existing between 1997 and 2002.
It was at this point that Antoni Tamale, advised Masembe-Kabali to change course.
The Green League is a green political party in Finland.
The MOULINAKA was a pro-Sihanouk military organization formed in August 1979 by an armed group on the Thai-Cambodian border.
The party supports the Impeachment of Dilma Rousseff.
The party in Maine has several goals they promote, which are laid out in the Democratic Party Platform.
The Social Democratic Party, abbreviated to PSD, was a social democratic political party in Luxembourg, active between 1971 and 1984.
Founded in 1925, the movement aimed to unite all centre-to-right forces against the rise of the revolutionary Marxist labour movement.
In the 2016 elections, the party won an absolute majority in Congress.
The party has historical ties to both trade unionism and trade associations and the Farmer's League.
After the CPSU's demise, the Communist Parties of the Union Republics became independent and underwent various paths of reform.
In 1973, NRP ran for the Swedish parliament but only obtained a few hundred votes.
The party president was Dr. A.D. Subba.
The Uzbekistan National Revival Democratic Party is a political party in Uzbekistan.
In 2008, in anticipation of the 2009 Knesset elections, Wolpe and his party merged with Baruch Marzel's Jewish National Front.
It promotes secularism and has its principal power base in Kabylie, a major Berber-speaking region.
The party participates in the ruling coalition led by the PAIS Alliance.
In its final full form, the alliance consisted of four parties; Moledet, Hatikva, Eretz Yisrael Shelanu, and Tkuma.
EMEP presents itself, on the other hand, as "an open worker's party".
The two precedent organizations dissolved themselves and relaunched as Greens Japan, a political organization in late 2008, under its former Japanese name, Midori no Mirai.
The Jana Congress was formed in 1966 when Harekrushna Mahatab left the Indian National Congress.
In the general elections of 2010, one seat was won through Cehl Fakeemeeah.
The Decolonization and Social Emancipation Movement is a political party for independence in French Guiana.
Former prime ministers Maxime Carlot Korman and Serge Vohor came from this party.
It has 20 Members of the European Parliament, making it jointly the largest UK party in that Parliament.
The Serbian Progressive Party is a populist conservative political party in Serbia.
For the 2014 elections, the alliance changed its name to Change Brazil and was led by Aécio Neves.
In the elections, 30 October 2004, the party won 16.6% of the popular vote and 1 out of 57 seats.
The Congress of the New Right is an economically libertarian, socially conservative and radically Eurosceptic political party in Poland.
The party is a member of Liberal International.
The name of the party came from the popularity of rooster fighting in the late 19th and early 20th century, and Bolos literally means Tailless.
Its members included Gianni Mattioli, Lino De Benetti, Gianfranco Amendola, Alexander Langer, Enrico Falqui, Sauro Turroni and Alfonso Pecoraro Scanio.
It attempted to re-form in 1983 but was unable to compete with the new right-wing parties, the Independent Democratic Union and National Renewal.
In the 1970s up until the 1990s it was engaged in guerrilla warfare against the government.
Until 2008, it was a fraternal party of the People's Party, acting as the latter's Navarrese branch.
A couple of months later, the group joined the Irish Labour Party.
Anova defines itself as a Galician nationalist, socialist, feminist, Galician independentist, ecologist and internationalist organization.
There have been five periods of Labour government.
From 2008 to 2013 one member of the DKP was a member of a state parliament.
It was headed by President Thein Sein until 2013, and its headquarters are in Naypyidaw's Dekkhinathiri Township.
Justice for the Elderly was a political faction in Israel between June and October 2008.
The party organ is the weekly Kansan Uutiset.
Its presence is limited to Maharashtra among Dalits.
It stood candidates in the 1931 general election and again in the East Fife by-election in 1933, but without success, and it lost its high-profile supporters.
The National Unity Party is a political party in Malawi.
By the end of June 2012, it had 101,865 members.
The party's platform emphasises greater state intervention, social justice and strengthening workers' rights.
The Group is chaired by Mr Jordi Xuclà i Costa.
The loose coalition was supplanted in September 2012 by the Union of Democrats and Independents.
Carrió ran for presidency on the 2007 election representing the Civic Coalition, along with the Socialist Party Senator for Santa Fe Province, Rubén Giustiniani.
The National Socialist Workers' Party of Denmark was the largest Nazi Party in Denmark before and during the Second World War.
The Zanzibar and Pemba People's Party was a nationalist, African-dominated political party in Zanzibar.
The Australian Christians is a political party in Australia founded in 2011.
The Militant Christian Party was a political party in Italy.
In the parliamentary election held on 14 July 2002, the MPR won 5 out of 160 seats as a part of the Hope 2002 coalition.
The Alliance consists of the four centre-right political parties in the Riksdag.
The merger was approved by an affirmative vote of 96 delegates, with three against and one abstaining.
To date, no member of the party has won an election to claim a constituency seat in Parliament.
In the parliamentary election held on 30 August 2001, the party won 2.4% of the popular vote and 2 out of 88 seats.
The New Progressive Party was established by a number of Democratic Labor Party members who left the party in reaction to the dominating Korean nationalist faction.
Also called the ANC, it is not to be confused with the African National Congress, a political party in South Africa.
People's Party of Panama is a communist party in Panama.
At an elevation of roughly 3,650 m above sea level, La Paz is the highest capital city in the world.
Anquetil died in December 1946, and Guy Rozemont became the leader of the party until his death in 1956 at the age of forty-one.
The party boycotted the 2006 parliamentary election, because of its position that the electoral law violated fundamental democratic principles and the Universal Declaration of Human Rights.
When the Afrikaners' National Party gained control of the government in the elections of 1948, it began to introduce official apartheid.
Real Democracy is a political party in Aruba.
The National Partnership Current is a political movement in Egypt that aims to unite "advocates" of 25 January revolution and 30 June.
"The difficulty was that the chiefs and campaigners were able to insist that to oppose Kabaka Yekka was to oppose the Kabaka.
The LDP became a member of the Alliance of Liberals and Democrats for Europe Party on 2 December 2016.
The Reform Party of New Jersey is the multi-tendency state party organization for New Jersey of the Reform Party of the United States of America.
It was formed by Karuna Amman, a former leader of the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam, after he defected from the organization in 2004.
In the 2004 Lok Sabha elections the party fielded 12 candidates in Maharashtra and one in Karnataka state.
Ideologically, the party follows and advocates an Orthodox form of Islam, and the party's leader, Sayyaf, is a Wahhabi.
PDP members unanimously elected him as the party's Chairman in April 2011, with a mandate to serve as leader for the next three years.
On 26 January 2013, Lee Li Lian made history as the first woman to win a by-election.
Many of the party members belonged to the Naqshbandi-Mojadidi Tariqah, Afghanistans's largest religious and spiritual order.
It eventually became the core of the Somali Reconciliation and Restoration Council, formed in 2001.
During the administration of John Quincy Adams, the president's supporters were referred to as Adams Men or Anti-Jackson.
At its founding conference, an 11-member Central Committee was elected.
As of 2008, it is not represented in either chamber of the Diet of Japan.
The party is also anti-EU on the basis of it serving only the interests of the ruling class.
The Portuguese Democratic Movement/Democratic Electoral Commissions was one of the most important organizations of the democratic opposition to the Portuguese fascist regime.
Upon the independence of Bangladesh in 1971, the new government banned Jamaat-e-Islami from political participation and its leaders went into exile in Pakistan.
As a result, the Radical Left left the UP coalition.
INA membership consisted largely of military and security personnel who had defected from the Iraqi army under Saddam Hussein's rule.
The All Mon Region Democracy Party is a political party in Myanmar, representing the interests of the Mon people.
In 1992, the party hosted a conference in Saratov, Russia, attended by Islamists from ex-Soviet central Asia, Tatarstan and Bashkortostan.
The original party was banned following the Military Coup of 1984 led by General Buhari.
In the 1992 Anesi was elected to the Italian Senate for the Italian Socialist Party.
The Welsh Conservative Party also known as the Welsh Conservatives, are the part of the Conservative and Unionist Party that operates in Wales.
On February 18-19, 2017, the party renamed itself Socialist Equality Party.
Therefore Secessionist representative Franz von Stauffenberg negotiated with Eugen Richter, the leader of the left liberal German Progress Party in early 1884.
Ata-Meken received the votes of 5.6% of eligible voters in the 2010 parliamentary elections, giving it 18 of 120 seats in parliament.
Its mistrust of the Brahmin–dominated Congress led it to adopt a hostile stance toward the Indian independence movement.
The Democratic Party was a Spanish political party in the reign of Isabella II, being a clandestine force except during the Progressive Biennium.
The party was formed on 12 November 2003, by Jan Teijn and Virginia Kapić.
New Centre was a centre-left political party in Latvia.
By the end of the 1920s, the Labour Party had replaced the Liberals as the Conservatives' main rival.
The Watani Party was a nationalist political party in Egypt.
Under his leadership, the loyalist influence reduced somewhat, in an attempt to reach out to non-Protestants, particularly socially conservative Catholics and Catholic unionists.
Hezbollah was conceived by Muslim clerics and funded by Iran primarily to harass the Israeli occupation.
It is led by Nzanga Mobutu, a son of former president Mobutu Sese Seko.
Today it supports obtaining independence through gradually increasing Faroese autonomy until the Faroe Islands becomes a de facto independent state.
England, Scotland and Wales use a closed-list party list system of PR, while Northern Ireland used the single transferable vote.
The Independent Centre was a political faction in Israel between 1975 and 1976.
The Communist Party of the Republic of China is a non-communist socialist party in the Republic of China.
It was founded in 1971 by members of the Catalan group Comunisme, a split of the Popular Liberation Front.
In October–December 1934 there was a split between Konstantin Rodzaevsky and Anastasy Vonsyatsky.
In 1984, it was part of the Democratic Opposition Alliance, which supported the presidential candidacy of Arias of Authentic Panameñista Party.
The party grew out of the organization that operated until 2014 as the Alliance for Change.
The party had its most successful period in 1985, becoming the third-largest party.
The NZ Climate Party is an unregistered political party in New Zealand.
The Galician Nationalist Bloc is a political coalition of left-wing Galician nationalist parties.
The New Republican Force is a center-right political party in Bolivia.
The LDP joined the 18 Party Alliance in 2012.
In 1613, the Greater Northerners split further into Flesh Northerners, Bone Northerners and Middle Northerners.
In 2009, the party's leader and first secretary was Lukas de Klerk.
It sponsored two candidates for local elections in Glasgow.
The Bielszowice branch went defunct before the end of the year, though.
As of 9 December 2015, the party has one seat in the Chamber of Deputies and no seat in the Senate.
In 2013, the UDC was dissolved after the National Congress of the party.
The party is led by former BYuT lawmaker Sviatoslav Oliynyk.
It was formed on December 12, 1945.
It is considered a radical opposition party and is led by Ngarlejy Yorongar.
Havering Residents Association is a group of residents' associations and registered political party in London, England.
The Maine GOP is noted for its historically strong state College Republican federation.
However, the party announced at its May 1992 national convention that it would take part in the presidential election later that year.
After being neutral on Norwegian membership in the European Union for many years, the party in 2016 officially adopted a position opposing Norwegian membership.
In 2010 Patriotic Party joined another pro-Smirnov political party - the Republican Party to form a Social-Patriotic Party of Pridnestrovie.
It was a predecessor of the current party Red founded on 10 March 2007.
Julien Reboza of the AVI became Minister of Spatial Planning in the first government named under Ravalomanana on March 1, 2002.
It could only supply individual, well-qualified ministers to successive governments after 1923 in cooperation with the National Democrats and the peasants' party.
The Minnesota Farmer–Labor Party was a left-wing American political party in Minnesota between 1918 and 1944.
The party was formed amongst dissidents from the Independent Democratic Action.
The Union of Bulgarian National Legions was a right extremist organization in Bulgaria that was formed in 1933.
Lorenzo Cesa is the party's current secretary, hence its leader.
The party was founded by the Anglo-French multi-millionaire businessman and politician James Goldsmith in November 1994.
Right Sector was the second-most mentioned political group in Russian media during the first half of 2014; Russian state TV depicted it as neo-Nazi.
She became Prime Minister in 1980 and served until her 1995 retirement.
Hin Stuttligi Flokkurin is currently not represented in any Faroese local governments.
The announcement was also published on several jihadist websites.
This had been well-spelt out in the first Kabaka Yekka letter edited by Masembe-Kabali and published in July and August 1961.
The Union of the Centre was a minor liberal political party in Italy.
The party plans to run candidates in federal and state elections, in all houses.
Bulgarian Agrarian National Union also translated to English as Bulgarian Agrarian People's Union is a political party devoted to representing the causes of the Bulgarian peasantry.
The party was founded on 21 October 1888, and is currently the second largest of the four leading coalition political parties in Switzerland.
The Arab Socialist Ba'ath Party – Yemen Region is the Yemeni regional branch of the Arab Socialist Ba'ath Party.
Following the 2003 election, the party was left in opposition.
The party was an observer affiliate of the Socialist International.
It was established in 1973 in a split from the Revolutionary Left Movement, and merged into PSUV in 2007.
APK was not formally a part of the Jubilee Alliance, but it did support Kenyatta's bid in the 2013 presidential contest.
Gary Higgins became opposition leader and CLP leader while Lia Finocchiaro became deputy CLP leader on 2 September.
It was founded in the mid-1980s as Communist Party of Finland, SKPy) by the former opposition of the old Communist Party of Finland.
The Burundo-African Alliance for Salvation is a small centrist, predominantly ethnic Tutsi political party in Burundi.
Communist Renewal) is a communist organization in Greece.
In 1971 the general secretary of the party was Armand Nicolas.
The party last ran a candidate in the 1996 election, gaining a total of 27 votes.
It was founded by Professor Mesfin Woldemariam.
PARM was generally considered a satellite party of the governing Institutional Revolutionary Party.
It has a political line of the alternative left, workers' self-management and federalism.
This NGO plays a major role in corporate social responsibility programs associated with SAIL.
The main goals of the FNC were to present an opposing front to the regime of Francisco France and to advocate for Catalan independence.
NEOS – The New Austria and Liberal Forum is a liberal political party in Austria.
In April 1948 two HADITU splinter groups, Toward a Bolshevik Organization and Voice of the Opposition, merged to form the Egyptian Communist Organisation.
Rashtriya Ulama Council is a political party in India formed in 2008.
LNFVG is led by Massimiliano Fedriga, who is also the party's only member of the Chamber of Deputies and Lega Nord's floor leader.
AC(M) formed a new state government, with Mithi as Chief Minister.
The publication of the CPB-ML was originally known as The Worker, but is today called Workers.
Dravidar Viduthalai Kazhagam is a political organization in the state of Tamil Nadu.
It rejects the terms "Stalinism" and "Maoism" as anti-communist fighting terms that divide the Marxist-Leninist movement.
Philip "Brave" Davis is the leader of the party after Perry Christie lost his bid for re-election as a representative in the 2017 election.
Left for the Right to Decide was an electoral alliance formed for the 2014 European Parliament elections.
In the legislative elections of 1995, PCB got one MP elected.
The Rajasthan Vikas Party tried to contest in all parliamentary and assembly election in Rajasthan.
Raju was elected as party chairman, Bommakanti Satyanarayana as general secretary and Marri Chenna Reddy as leader of the Legislature Party.
Despite the several participations in the elections in Kosovo, the pre-war period is the most significant for its existence.
The main political base of the PCP is currently located at Plaza Ramón Castilla, Lima and is led by Roberto De La Cruz Huama.
There was reportedly disagreement within the ANPP about the talks.
The party has been a member of the centre-right International Democrat Union since 2008 and is associated with the Union of Latin American Parties.
Crackdown followed soon afterwards, with the party banned and most of its leadership imprisoned.
Ahead of the 1999 Lok Sabha elections CPI(ML) Central Team signed a boycott call in together with CPI(ML) People's War and Revolutionary Communist Centre of India.
It did not enter the 2015 elections.
The Movement for the autonomy of Kabylie is a non-violent autonomist Kabyle political organization seeking self-government rule for the province of Kabylie in Algeria.
In February 2014, the party registered a logo with the Electoral Commission.
Odisha Janmorcha is a political party of the Indian state of Odisha led by Pyarimohan Mohapatra.
All they wanted was to replace the letter and spirit of the 1900 and 1955 agreements.
The KDP has been described as tribal, feudalistic, and aristocratic party which is controlled by Barzani tribe.
Gana Mukti Sangram, Asom is a regional Indian political party of Assam, founded on 20 March 2015, at Moranhat, Assam.
DRP has the third largest number of members among all political parties in the Maldives.
Tseng Ch'i, the party's first chairman, and other YCP founders such as Li Huang, Ho Lu-tse and Li Pu-wei returned to China starting in 1924.
He was succeeded by U.S.S.R. nationalist M. Mitin, after the Yugoslavian expulsion.
Movement for Peace and Socialism is a Marxist-Leninist political party in Italy, founded 30 November 1986 by retired NATO general and senator Nino Pasti.
Organization of self-sacrificers of the people of Iran) is a political party that advocates the overthrow of the Islamic regime in Iran.
The party-list is the electoral wing of the radical trade union movement Kilusang Mayo Uno and the peasant group Kilusang Mangbubukid ng Pilipinas.
Openly supported the option "Yes" which sought the continued of the dictatorship of Augusto Pinochet in the plebiscite of October 5 of that year.
The National Socialist Party was a small political party in the United Kingdom, founded in 1916.
It is the first political party in Israel focused on Orthodox Jewish women.
Since 1927, the Co-operative Party has had an electoral pact with the Labour Party, with both parties agreeing not to stand candidates against each other.
MIGATO is a political party in Venezuela.
Other news suggested that the Scottish Voice campaign was failing despite importing election agents from Canada to support it.
The Communist Party of Italy was a short-lived communist party in Italy.
For the 1983 and 1987 General Elections, the SDP formed a political and electoral alliance with the Liberal Party, the SDP–Liberal Alliance.
The New Zealand Socialist Party was founded in 1901, promoting the works of Karl Marx and Friedrich Engels.
During that time, his wife Vera Oredsson took on the role as party leader and became Sweden's first female party leader.
The Democratic Party was a liberal political party in South Korea.
Following Walter's death in 1999, his brother Ham Lini became party leader.
Its policies include government transparency and economic reform.
At these negotiations UPC offered to support Buganda's demand for federal relationship in return for Buganda's attendance at the Constitutional Conference.
Moked was a left-wing political party in Israel.
The party supports lower taxes and fees.
Political Spring did not participate in the elections of 2000, but Antonis Samaras publicly supported the New Democracy party.
In its foundation the party included many notable Egyptian journalists and public figures.
Its electoral number is 10 and it became a registered political party on August 25, 2005.
The Independent Socialist Party of Chad was a political party in Chad.
To dis-alienate and raise the consciousness of the Occitan people.
At the legislative elections of 11 September 2000, the party won 2 out of 70 seats.
The Unitary Socialist Party was a social-democratic political party in Italy, active from 1922 to 1930.
Partii Naleraq is a centrist political party in Greenland.
It was founded on 20 July 2001 after the Virtue Party was banned by the Constitutional Court.
This name was chosen due to the title of Giscard d'Estaing's 1976 book, Démocratie Française.
As of 2015 the party president is Steve Radford and the party chairman is Sir Henry Boyle.
The coalition was formed on 22 September 2015, consisting the Democratic Action Party, People's Justice Party, National Trust Party and Malaysian United Indigenous Party.
The group had no relation with DSİP after that split.
The term is often used to describe gatherings that address, what participants feel are, the effects of a democratic deficit in a representative democratic systems.
The 25-30 Alliance is an alliance of independents that will run in the 2015 Egyptian parliamentary election.
Maathai herself won the Tetu Constituency parliamentary seat.
The party prohibits Islamists and people who were involved in corruption from being involved in the party.
The Party of the Reconstruction of the National Order was a nationalist political party in Brazil, founded in 1990, merged, in 2006 in Republic Party.
In 2007, Croatian Peasant Party of Bosnia and Herzegovina and the New Croatian Initiative merged.
The UMP was formed in 2002 as a merger of several centre-right parties under the leadership of President Jacques Chirac.
It was founded on 24 February 2001 by retired Army General Otto Pérez Molina.
Its two MPs in this first election were Poul Michelsen and Janus Rein.
In April 2006, the Spanish government initiated procedures to forcibly dissolve the council, an unprecedented movement in the history of recent Spanish democracy.
Defections to the government left the party with 19 seats.
United Left of Cantabria is the Aragonese federation of the Spanish left wing political and social movement United Left.
The LNP is a full member of the Liberal Party, and has observer status within the National Party.
The Movement for an Equal Public Model is a political party in Bulgaria.
However, two League TDs opposed this tactic, Vincent Rice defecting to Cumann na nGaedheal and John Jinks, who was absent from the vote.
The Ulster Popular Unionist Party was a unionist political party in Northern Ireland.
Founded in 1981 by Norodom Sihanouk, it started off as a resistance movement against the People's Republic of Kampuchea government.
The People's New Party for Reform is a political party in South Korea.
Another minor party of the same name but different ideology and leadership had previously been established in 2010 but was subsequently dissolved.
The Communist Party of Norway is a small Marxist–Leninist communist party in Norway currently without parliamentary or other elected representation.
Shishakli then dissolved all political parties and banned many newspapers, in a return to military rule.
It was founded in Djakarta in 1945.
Under Tyndall's leadership, it was more specifically regarded as Neo-Nazi.
Tătărescu was received officially by his German patrons, who also provided the PNSR with funds, but eventually dropped by them for his unpopularity and alleged corruption.
The party did not participate in the 2014 Ukrainian parliamentary election.
The group was originally formed in 2010, but became an effective faction only with the formation of the association named "Remake Italy" in 2011.
Ailtirí na hAiséirghe was a minor radical nationalist and fascist political party in Ireland, founded by Gearóid Ó Cuinneagáin in 1942.
Most notable was their large involvement in local and national campaigning in the 1960s and the 2015 general election.
After poor November 1919 election results, the PFR was eventually renamed the National Fascist Party in 1921.
SLS lost their seats in the National parliament for the first time in the general elections on 13 July 2014.
It is the only left-wing party with representatives in the Swiss Federal Council.
This failure was due in part to the province's outdated electoral boundaries, which favoured rural ridings at the expense of the cities.
The party publishes the weekly Povo Livre newspaper.
FORD-Agip was registered as FORD-Kenya whilst FORD-Muthithi was registered as FORD-Asili.
The province's governor, Gerardo Zamora was elected on the Civic Front ticket at the same election.
In the 1971 and 1974 state elections the Jana Congress fared badly, and could only win a single seat.
The Sabah People's Co-operation Party or in Malay: Parti Kerjasama Rakyat Sabah is a political party in Malaysia focussing on Sabah.
Briceño was elected as the governor of Monagas in 2004.
Nevertheless, it has formed multiple coalition governments with ethnic minority parties.
The Daisy Civic List was a regionalist Christian democratic and centrist Italian political party active in Trentino.
The Progressive Socialist Party of Ukraine is a pro-Russian political party in Ukraine, led by Nataliya Vitrenko.
In the 2011 elections, the party won 9.7% of the vote and 3 out of 30 seats.
The Third National Congress, held in Bata in February 2005, again chose Plácido Micó Abogo as Secretary-General and elected a National Executive Commission.
The Popular Front for the Liberation of Bahrain was an underground political party in Bahrain with origins in the Arab Nationalist Movement.
Most of the party head committee was captured in the aftermath, apart from Pašić himself and a few others, who escaped to the Principality of Bulgaria.
Few days after following the Tribal movement under PTCA the local Administration imposed the law of 144.
As a consequence, the KPL and the Left ran separate lists in the 2004 elections.
Though the party is named Communist Party, Wang Lao-yang declared that it was a Social Democratic party.
The party is widely considered an effective successor of the Centre Party, although it has a broader base.
In September 1917 Fareynikte petitioned to the Provisional Government to declare the equality of language.
It has also placed strong emphasis on lowering immigration, opposing multiculturalism, and encouraging a unitary British identity.
It is backed by the Federation of Egyptian Trade Unions and forms part of the Coalition of Socialist Forces.
When the party appeared on course to win the 1952 election for a constitutional assembly, dictator Marcos Pérez Jiménez suspended the election.
It was founded by former Justice Minister and anti-corruption activist Monica Macovei, and registered on 3 June 2015.
It was a splinter group of Janata Dal.
It also sends delegates to the National Conservative Convention, the parliament of the party's voluntary wing.
He was a member of parliament in the Galician Sejm from 1908–1914, and an envoy to Reichsrat in Vienna from 1911 to 1918.
The dissidents, grouped as the 'Rejectors Front-RDA' supported the candidature of Joseph Ouédrago.
Later IPC dissolved itself into the MDT faction aligned with it.
The party was closely linked with the British Liberal Democrats and became a full member of the European Liberal Democrat and Reform Party.
People’s Democracy Party was a Kurdish nationalist political party in Turkey.
The organization began in the mid-1970s as the Carolina Knights of the Ku Klux Klan.
Huelskamp lost party primary election in 2016.
The JUI-S faction, led by Samiul Haq, is of regional significance in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa but has no representation on the national level.
It was founded by medical research Michael Denborough as the political arm of the Australian anti-nuclear movement, which had been active since the early 1970s.
The Social Democratic Party of New Zealand was an early left-wing political party.
A meeting took place in Bucharest in October 2007 after the dismissal of the former president in July and the leadership was reorganised.
The movement grew and spawned more than 40 branches around the country.
It is operationally and constitutionally completely independent of The Heraldry Society.
The Workers' Party is an Argentine Trotskyist political party.
The Social Democratic Union of Macedonia is a social-democratic and main centre-left political party in Macedonia.
The APG considered AN-PG to close to the Galician People's Union.
After the election the PRN joined the National Progressive Fraction, a body of ten MPs from Java.
Chaired by Avery Ng, it currently holds no seat in the Legislative Council of Hong Kong after the disqualification of its sole legislator Leung Kwok-hung.
Among these members were the party leadership, particularly leader Denis Gorey, who proposed a merger of the Farmers' Party with Cumann na nGaedheal.
On 12 July 2016, former President Traian Băsescu announced that UNPR would merge with his People's Movement Party on 20 July 2016.
In 2017 the RGA chairman is Governor Scott Walker of Wisconsin, who assumed the office in November 2016, succeeding Governor Susana Martinez of New Mexico.
In March 2015 Grisenti was convicted of corruption and, consequently, abandoned politics.
The Iraqi National Accord known inside Iraq as Wifaq is an Iraqi political party founded by Iyad Allawi, Tahsin Muallah and Salah Omar al-Ali in 1991.
The People's Party is a political party in India, founded on 29 May 2008.
Other individuals admitted included Ashford Sinanan, Albert Gomes and Roy Josephs.
After the election, Cheng reorganised the group into a political party and pulled over from the social activism.
A rally was organised in his support.
In the 2015 legislative elections it did not succeed in elect any member of parliament, only casting 60,912 votes in ballot boxes, ranked 7th.
Its lack of success in the legislative election prompted Chevènement to rename his party the Citizen and Republican Movement.
However, their turnout at the general elections was low, only gaining 2,923 votes, failing to obtain a seat in the Serbian National Assembly.
The Christian Democratic Appealdeːmoːkraːtis ɑˈpɛl]; CDA) is a Christian-democratic political party in the Netherlands.
Since 1 December 2014, the party has been headed by a six-member Permanent Commission whose spokeswoman is Catarina Martins.
In the December 2016 parliamentary election, only three FPI candidates, including N'Guessan, were elected to the National Assembly.
Lekić ran in the 2013 presidential election, supported by both his Democratic Front and the Socialist People's Party.
In 20 December 1979 MDB and ARENA were dissolved with the signing of a new Political Parties Law.
The party rejoined the alliance around March 2014, though there are indications that it has withdrawn again.
There is a similar party in Germany called Die Violetten.
LP is one of many local parties that surged after the downfall of New Democracy.
It had distant roots in the upscale traditions of the Federalist Party.
The party never contested an election and was deregistered in May 2015.
In December 1962 it merged with the People's Comrade Party to form the United Workers Party.
The Hungarian Pirate Party is a political party in Hungary based on the Swedish Pirate Party.
The Social Party of National Unity, or Party of the U is a political party in Colombia.
PO remained the second-largest party at the 2005 general election, but this time behind the national-conservative party Law and Justice.
In 1947, the Communist Party absorbed much of the Social Democratic Party, while attracting various new members.
It describes itself as "The Centrist Party for a United Belgium".
The predecessor of both parties was the Brazilian Section of the Communist International, founded on March 25, 1922.
The PADER participated in the 2015 Burundian parliamentary election.
The Lithuanian Russian Union is a political party in Lithuania which represents Russians in Lithuania.
Their success continued as their chair member Dr. Ivo Komsic got elected as Mayor of Sarajevo 27 March 2013.
Green Party candidates have been elected to all levels of representation: local, Dáil and European Parliament.
When Cure was forced to step down as President of the Labour Party in 1941, Anquetil took over.
Utkal Congress was a political party in the Indian state of Odisha.
Bhagyaraj later joined All India Anna Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam.
The alliance was also founded by a "fourth group" of non-party civic groups and movements, and autonomous individuals.
The Sudanese Union – African Democratic Rally was a political party in Mali.
In the 2015 General Election, TUSC stood 135 parliamentary candidates across England, Wales and Scotland, and 619 in the local elections.
Palestine: Popular Front for the Liberation of Palestine
The DSP aimed to win the allegiance of the German proletariat away from communism, which had become highly influential following the German Revolution of 1918–1919.
The New Power Party is a political party in Taiwan formed in early 2015.
With the end of BaKSAL, all the political parties who merged themselves with BaKSAL including Awami League became independent political parties.
Green Party Taiwan is a member of the Asia Pacific Greens Federation and participates in the Global Greens.
The motion to secede had been ignored by the British.
The party contested the 1986 election as part of the Sudanese Progressive National Front.
||  2 || style="background:#bfd; color:black; vertical-align:middle; text-align:center; " class="table-yes2" |Coalition
The youth wing of the party was the Proletarian Youth League and its student branch was the Proletarian Student League.
Bangladesh Khilafat Andolan is an Islamist political party in Bangladesh, founded by Hafezzi Huzur after the 1981 presidential elections.
The Alliance of Green Democrats, was a green political party in Hungary between 2000 and 2009.
The party is also known as the Islamic Democratic Jihad Party, as well as the Islamist Jihadi Party.
Socialist Workers' Current is a Trotskyist political organisation in Brazil, created in 1992 by a split of the Socialist Convergence.
The party worked closely together with the Social Democratic Workers Party of Austria, and cooperated with the Austrian Social Democrats on all political issues.
Sikkim Janata Congress was a political party in Sikkim, active in the struggle for democratic reforms.
For this reason it was immediately criticized by the Venetian National Party, which instead proposed a referendum on the independence.
Other commentators have described the Party as more criminal than political, characterized by "defiant posturing over substance".
After the Sammarinese political crisis of 2011, PSD entered in a new government of national unity with PDCS.
The Socialist Party of Indonesia was a political party in Indonesia from 1948 until 1960, when it was banned by President Sukarno.
Cominform divided the world into imperialist and anti-imperialist.
The party's leader Süleyman Yağcıoğlu strongly endorses the ANAP's founder and two-term Prime Minister Turgut Özal, who also served as the 8th President of Turkey.
The highest body of the CPC is the National Congress, convened every fifth year.
Al Islah is an Islamist group based in the United Arab Emirates that is affiliated with the Muslim Brotherhood.
The party merged into the United Regions of Serbia on 10 June 2013.
It participated in elections and regularly returned members to the Reichstag.
The party has often played the minor coalition partner to the Christian Social People's Party.
The Scottish Labour Party was a socialist party in Scotland that was active 1976–1981.
Left Group is an organization of left in Greece, formed by former members of ARAS.
The Justice and Peace Alliance is a moderate Shia political bloc in Kuwait.
The party lost all of its seats in the House of Assembly at 2005 general election, held on 5 May 2005.
In decline in the late 1980s and 1990s, the party slowly re-emerged since the early 2000s.
Its peaks are always snow covered and can be seen from many parts of the city.
The party was illegal for all of its existence, and defended urban guerrilla tactics.
However, as is the case with most party politics in the Dominican Republic, the party remains pragmatically populist.
Its most successful year was in 2012 when it won a record number of seats in the local elections.
Looking to the good results of the alliance, the two parties merged in a single one in 2012.
The party was founded as the Scottish People's Alliance, standing at the 2003 Scottish Parliamentary Elections and receiving 7,718 votes.
In the fourth Assembly of Representatives formed in 1944, the party had 18 seats, making it the third largest party after Mapai and the Left Front.
Rashtriya Democratic Alliance, was a front of five political parties contesting the 2001 state legislative assembly elections in the Indian state of Assam.
The League is mainly made up by middle-level and senior intellectuals in the fields of culture, education, science and technology.
In 1959 Partai Acoma was affiliated to the International Secretariat of the Fourth International as its Indonesian section.
In the 2008 general election Sammarinese Union of Moderates ran within the centrist Pact for San Marino coalition.
Madaraka was not able to meet the deadline, but submitted request for re-registration in October 2009.
Ganesh Kumar achieved a hat-trick win from the Pathanapuram constituency.
By the 1930s, the party had little representation and less hope for an independent future.
Akhand Jharkhand People's Front was a political party in India.
The slogan was "The will of the people NOT the party".
The party won five seats in the Constituent Assembly elections in 1984.
The party was founded by Michael Nicula of Toronto.
Active in the 1970s, CAP's ideology was set around Maoist theory and practice.
The coalition was officially launched during a convention on 26 June 2011.
Álvaro Noboa, as leader of the PRIAN Party, campaigned in favor of these elected dignitaries.
The ban was upheld by the European Court of Human Rights on 13 February 2003.
Aernoudt disputed the legality of his expulsion, and also criticized Modrikamen's call for a "Plan B" as a betrayal of the party's federalist identity.
United Left of Asturias is the Asturian federation of the Spanish left wing political and social movement United Left.
In the municipal elections in 2008, the party chairperson Terttu Savola was elected to the city council of Espoo.
It was banned in 1960 by President Sukarno for supporting the PRRI rebellion.
To the 1919 general elections the party got the 1,5% of the vote and 7 seats.
When 1979, Park Chung-hee's assassination, Chun Doo-hwan of the party created it the 'Democratic Justice Party' in 1980.
The party failed to receive any seats in the June 19, 2005 elections and in the Nagorno-Karabakh parliamentary election, 2010 on 23 May 2010.
Overlooking the city is the towering, triple-peaked Illimani.
As a political party, it formed the government of Alberta from 1921 to 1935.
The professional politicians were dogged by two disadvantages.
The party's founding congress was held on 8 December 2007 and Vlad Filat was elected as president.
Another remnant led by John Quincy Adams and Henry Clay formed the National Republicans in 1828; it developed into the Whig Party by 1835.
Everyone to La Moneda is a political movement created in 2013 to support independent candidate for president of Chile Marcel Claude.
SCF later evolved into the Republican Party of India.
As a consequence, several members of the movement, including Claude, adhered Todxs a La Moneda in an instrumental way.
To support existing "fly the flag" programmes and encourage support from recognised service organisations.
In 2005 it assumed its current name.
Like many green parties around the world, its origins lie in the anti-nuclear, labour and peace movements of the 1970s and early 1980s.
In 1995, several provincial parties and The Greens proposed their own list.
The alliance is mainly made up of allies of Fonseka and of the following parties
Socialist Party Scotland is the Scottish affiliate of the worldwide Marxist and Trotskyist organisation the Committee for a Workers' International.
Currently it is a small monarchist party with little political support.
After the conservative victory in the Chilean Civil War of 1829 the liberals became the principal opposition party to the Conservative Party.
Until 1996 the PSD belonged to the European Liberal Democrat and Reform Party and the Liberal International.
The other legislators joining Sí were Carlos Raimundi, Leonardo Gorbacz, Delia Bisutti, Nelida Belous, Verónica Venas, Emilio García Méndez, Lidia Naim and María América González.
The Bhutan-Kuen Nyam Party is a political party in Bhutan.
The Pakistan Green Party is a green democratic political party in Pakistan.
The Minority Front is a political party in South Africa.
Khalid Bakdash died in 1995 and was succeeded as secretary of his party faction by his widow, Wisal Farha Bakdash.
However, after that, most of the legislators joined the Democratic Party of Japan.
Many unionists outside Ulster became resigned to the political necessity of Home Rule, while unionists in Ulster established a separate organisation, the Ulster Unionist Party.
It was the most powerful political force in the Kingdom of Portugal in the second half of the 19th century and early 20th century.
Syed Shahabuddin later revived the party, although it appears to have been disbanded again.
A key theme of the campaign of the coalition was the portrayal of itself as representing the authentic left-wing, as opposed to the established left-wing parties.
Nana Akufo-Addo received 47.74% of the vote, while NDC candidate John Mahama received 50.7% amidst accusations of electoral fraud.
Therefore, the leaders of the Islamic Party of Azerbaijan were arrested and the Islamic Party of Azerbaijan was officially banned.
In September, the CDR merged into the Italian Republican Party.
It is the only communist party to have held a majority in government in the post-Soviet states.
In 2013, Nikos Koutsou, one of the two members of parliament, left the party to become an independent due to disagreement.
The United Kingdom First Party was a small short-lived populist, Eurosceptic British political party.
The Chief Ministers of the north eastern states of Sikkim, Assam and Nagaland too belong to this alliance.
The party is affiliated to the Union of Communist Parties – Communist Party of the Soviet Union.
It was renamed and re-formed on 14 November 2012 by co-leaders Ishihara and Takeo Hiranuma.
46 participants were accused of anti-state activities.
At its third party congress of 26 April 2010 in Cottbus, the party changed its name to the Lusatian Alliance.
Active in campaigning in several election for the association was P. F. Johnson
The aim of the Society was universal suffrage and annually elected parliaments, with a strong streak of republicanism running through it as well.
Several days after the coup, three PVP members were arrested while attempting to cross back into Uruguay.
Workers' Party of Social Justice is a Czech political party, often described as the major far-right extremist party in the Czech Republic.
Its party newspaper was the Il Popolo Sammarinese, modelled after the Il Popolo d'Italia.
In 2014, the party expanded beyond New York by endorsing a slate of candidates in the District of Columbia's Democratic primary elections.
Its main goal is unification of Kosovo and all other former Yugoslavian territories populated by Albanians to Albania.
of units like Hastakargha, Sanitary napkin and Phenyl units are operating from Deepika Mahila Jagriti Sansthan, Sec-2 Rourkela.
The president of the party is Anargyros Saripapas.
The party is a member of the European People's Party and the International Democrat Union.
The Ohio Republican Party is the Ohio state affiliate of the United States Republican Party.
In the Lok Sabha election the party fielded six candidates, whom together obtained 213,656 votes.
In protest he resigned from the party to form the Citizens' Party and with him went a significant number of other members.
The party's youth wing, Young Fine Gael, was formed in 1977, and has approximately four thousand members.
Of those votes, 4,047 came from Andalucía and 3,309 in the Valencian Community.
Youth Union Our Ukraine is the youth wing of the party.
Chhotanagpur Front was an Adivasi political party in Bihar, India.
The NNP worked with New Right in the Actiecomité Stop MARTIJN which campaigned against the pedophiles of the Vereniging MARTIJN in 2003.
Although it explicitly supported Northern Ireland staying part of the United Kingdom, it planned to designate as "other" rather than "unionist" in future Stormont elections.
It was one of the three pillars of the pro-Communist leftist camp throughout most of the time in Hong Kong under colonial rule.
However, it evolved into a revolutionary republican organisation, inspired by the American Revolution and allied with Revolutionary France.
In the same election, PPT-Maendeleo won a seat in the local government election in Same District, Kilimanjaro Region.
The Democratic Socialist Party of Greece was a political party founded by George Papandreou in 1935.
The VLD doesn't support all of these measures.
Shortly thereafter Rai broke away from SEM to form Sikkim Janashakti Party.
Jiti Jitayi Politics, a political party floated by eunuchs in Madhya Pradesh, India, on 17 October 2003.
The candidate for presidency was the veteran journalist and writer Fabio Gadea Mantilla.
The movement emerged in 1978, as a political formation of non-Shiites.
Registered as a mutual aid society, the EEE was founded by Asia Minor refugee merchants.
The Nikhil Utkal Adivasi Congress is a tribal political party in the Indian state of Odisha.
In 2005 SKJuS co-organized the First Yugoslav Conference of Communist and Workers' Parties, held in Belgrade.
The ISP was socialist and resolutely anti-war, but was firmly anti-communist.
The MAS Region, known until 2014 as Broad Social Movement is a left-wing political party founded by Alejandro Navarro in 2008.
The Kurdistan Free Life Party or PJAK is a militant leftist-nationalist, anti-Iranian government group.
Whatever the case, the party's polling dropped below the five percent threshold once again.
The Liberal Party is traditionally positioned to the left of the Conservative Party of Canada and to the right of the New Democratic Party.
The party was formed in May 2012 as a split from Veneto State and many members of IV are former affiliates of the Venetian National Party.
The attacks on civilians have been condemned as war crimes and crimes against humanity by human rights groups such as Human Rights Watch.
The former interim Minister of State for Youth, Khaled Abdel-Aziz, is a member of the Egypt Party.
During its period of existence, the party held two seats in Parliament.
Dr. Oli Ahmad BB removed as the Chairman of Parliamentary Standing Committee for Ministry of Planning.
It is a center for metal-processing, chemical, timber, textile, leather, and printing industries.
The RCWP-CPSU claims to have supported all the biggest occupations and strikes in Russia.
In the run-up of the 2014 European Parliament election, REKOS formed a joint list with the Christian Party of Austria.
From 1970 to 1977 it was known as Kommunistiska Förbundet Marxist-Leninisterna, abbreviated KFML(r)), and from 1977 to 2004 it was named Kommunistiska Partiet Marxist-Leninisterna, abbreviated KPML(r)).
In 2004 MOLIRENA allied with the Vision of the Country and its candidate José Miguel Alemán.
The first issue published in July 1993 and the last in August 1996.
The party is regularly spattered by criminals cases or concerning facts of corruption.
The Green Party of the United States is a green political party in the United States.
The party continues to be active outside of Vietnam, with the goal of a multi-party democratic government for the country.
When South Sudan became a sovereign state on 9 July 2011, SPLM became the ruling party of the new republic.
At the party congress held on 19–20 March 1997, Gouled Aptidon was re-elected as RPP President and a 125-member Central Committee was elected.
The Selangor Labour Party was a political party in Selangor, Malaya.
In the state assembly elections 1979 SPC had launched candidates in all 32 constituencies, and won four seats.
In the 2014-8 legislative period, CPP SR has the majority in one municipality in the country, Croat-majority Dobretići.
Fareynikte ran some Yiddish newspapers in Ukraine.
Among its policies is a commitment to making Orthodox Christianity the state religion of Georgia.
The groups' composition was quite unstable as they experienced several splits.
Nonetheless, the two parties contested the 1918 state election in coalition after a protracted period of negotiations.
The Civic Union was a political party in Latvia.
The Independent Grouping for Reflection was a political party in the Central African Republic.
The party saw a fall in support at the 2009 parliamentary election, falling from 11 seats to 5.
In 2017, during the 5th bi-annual Conference of Krishak Mukti Sangram Samiti, Akhil Gogoi announced that the party would contest in the next elections.
In July 2015, the PKK announced that a ceasefire was over and said that Ankara had welched on its promises regarding the Kurdish issue.
Paladino stated, "With a federation of the United States, Italy and some other nations, and a lot of atomic bombs, there would be no wars.
The Westerners was a political faction that dominated Korea in the 17th century.
Despite its name, NBPP is not an official successor of the Black Panther Party.
There are elected councilors in city districts and it statutory towns
Based on the model of the Swedish Pirate Party, it supports reform of copyright law, the abolition of patents, and respect for privacy.
From the onset the party was dominated by the country's military elite.
Monarchist Alliance is a minor Italian political party dedicated to the restoration of the monarchy in Italy, which was abolished in a 1946 referendum.
It was supportive of the Socialist Alliance Democracy Platform, the Merseyside-based United Socialist Party, and the TUSC.
It had an income of around £9,362 and an expenditure of £11,386.
It has its roots in Left-leaning ideologies, nationalism and championing for the cause of the working class.
The UIP was spearheading an effort to have a referendum on the Boston bid for the 2024 Summer Olympics before the bid was withdrawn.
A rebel faction that called itself the original Justice Party, survived to contest one final election, in 1952.
Imperium Europa is a far-right Maltese political party, founded in 2000 by Norman Lowell, who is also its leader.
The PDG was part of the Federation of Democratic and Liberal Parties, led by Joaquín Garrigues Walker.
The party is a splinter group of the old Republican Party of India.
Pūce holds a Master’s degree from the University of Latvia Faculty of Law and the Faculty of Economics and Management.
It is also the largest pro-democracy party in the legislature.
United Future New Zealand, usually known as United Future, is a centrist political party in New Zealand.
On 28 January 2012, this decision was declared illegal by the Justice Ministry.
Xalderón was viewed as a likely successor to Arias as principal spokesman for the opposition, eventually accepting nomination as ADOC First Vice-Presidential candidate in 1989.
Some former members are trying to form a new Danish Green party - Det Grønne Parti i Danmark.
The Socialism and Liberty Party IPA: [peˈsɔw]) is a Brazilian political party with 122,396 active members.
Led by Khalid Zangana and now by Qadir Aziz.
It won 12 seats in the 1998 elections, 15 seats in the 2002 elections and 9 seats in the 2004 elections.
The party was officially dissolved in 1981, with the Party of Democratic Kampuchea claiming its legacy.
Kisan Vikas Party is a small political party in the Indian state of Bihar.
It emerged following a split within the Hungarian Social Democratic Party in 1989.
The League was merged into the Argentine Civic Legion in 1931.
The group also publish their own newspaper, which now appears every two months, entitled Fight Racism!
They claimed a wish to fill in the supposed vacuum between the Labour Party and Conservative Party.
Bahujan Shakti Party is a political party in Nepal led by Biswendra Paswan.
Ulumi, the party's leader, was elected as an MP for Kandahar Province in 2005, with 13,035 out of a total of 178,269 votes.
Future and Freedom, whose full name was Future and Freedom for Italy, was a political party in Italy, comprising both liberal and national elements.
Movemento pola Base is a Galician pro-independence and leftist political organization.
The Democratic Junta of Spain was a Spanish organization that coordinated various pro-democracy parties, unions and associations during the late Francoist dictatorship.
The Socialist Party of Nigeria is a socialist political party in Nigeria.
Although originally the name For Estonia was considered for the united party, it was rejected.
The Organisation of Marxist–Leninist Communists of Greece was a minor Greek communist organisation which was established in January 1982.
The National Front is a right-wing political party in Malaysia that was founded in 1973 as a coalition of right-wing and centre parties.
Although its electoral support has declined in recent decades, the PCF retains a strong influence in French politics, especially at the local level.
The Alliance for Change is a political party in the Chinese Special Administrative Region of Macau.
Its primary aims were the establishment of a distinct national identity, economic independence and the implementation of social reforms.
The Malaysia Makkal Sakti Party is a political party in Malaysia that seeks to champion ethnic Malaysian-Indian issues.
As of November 2016 following its failure to renew its registration with the Electoral Commission it has effectively ceased to exist.
The party was founded on 5 February 1946 by a group of followers of the Ch'ŏndogyo.
This group of Islamists then redefined the Malaysia Workers' Party as an Islamic party on 16 September 2015.
However, Friedrich Engels, Karl Marx's long-term collaborator, refused to support Hyndman's venture.
It won 15 out of 95 seats in the 21 January and 4 February 2007 Senate elections 7 out of 56 seats.
It was renamed to Positive Slovenia in its second congress, held on 21 January 2012.
A pirate party was first founded in Poland under the name on 7 July 2006, and registered on 11 November 2007.
The National Socialist Dutch Workers Party or NSNAP) was a minor Dutch national socialist party founded in 1931 and led by Ernst Herman van Rappard.
It combined remnants of the German Conservative Party, Free Conservative Party, German Fatherland Party and right-wing elements of the National Liberal Party.
The leaders did not see themselves as part of a shared movement, and Roux even called for Varlet’s arrest.
It was established on 12 October 2004, the birthday of Jai Prakash Narayan.
The United Democratic Forces of Belarus; is a coalition of political parties participating as the main opposition group during the 2006 presidential election.
It began as a tendency within Daniel O'Connell's Repeal Association, associated with The Nation newspaper, but eventually split to found the Irish Confederation in 1847.
The party upheld the ideas of building a secular Jewish community.
Paksas's impeachment led to the party reorganising itself as 'Order and Justice' to compete in the 2004 parliamentary election.
The leaders of this group proposed a political programme in which they called for:
The People's Liberation Organisation of Tamil Eelam is a former Tamil militant group that had become a pro-government paramilitary group and political party.
Carl Lang, Fernand Le Rachinel and Jean-Claude Martinez were defeated.
The first polls where the coalition appeared gave it 3%, in sixth position overall.
Our Madagascar is a political party in Madagascar.
Initially modelled on Italian Fascism and Spanish Falangism, it later drew closer to German Nazism.
These crack-downs lead to a temporary ceasing of NDFLOAG activities in Oman.
However, these committees and organisers proved ineffectual and no real progress was made to found a political party as such.
At the elections of 2002 the party won as one of the many small parties parliamentary representation.
In the presidential election of 2007 it obtained 95,000 votes.
The Free National Movement is a conservative political party in The Bahamas formed in the 1970s, led by Cecil Wallace Whitfield.
The Bahujan Samaj Party is the third largest national political party in India.
New Reformist Radical Reconstruction, is a centre-right political party in Greece, established in March 2013.
Sultan Omar was the general secretary of the new party.
However, in February 2010 they left the UNF in order to join the Democratic National Alliance.
It obtained about 20% of the vote and 60 seats in the Hellenic Parliament.
The Christian Party of Austria is a minor political party in Austria, founded on October 15, 2005.
Cho Seung-soo left the party, thus the New Progressive Party lost one seat in the Korean National assembly.
State Republican parties, for the most part, did not change their name.
PCR published La Forja until 2006, since them the party has largely ceased its public activities.
Of the 20 standing committees of the House in the 111th Congress, 10 were chaired by members of the CPC.
Like other parties, it was banned after the 11 September 1973 coup.
Islamic Iran Solidarity Party is an Iranian reformist political party founded in 1998, by 10 members of Parliament of Iran.
The attempt was largely unsuccessful and the new party was disbanded in 2005.
HGI has best electoral results in Boka region, because the Croat minority is concentrated mostly in municipalities of Tivat and Kotor.
Its origins, as documented by Nizar Hamzeh, go back to the height of Gamal Abdel Nasser’s efforts at Arab unity in the mid-1960s.
The Liberal and Democratic Union was a South Australian political party formed by early liberals, as opposed to the conservatives.
LPP is active in the Chhimutuipui East district.
Kim Tu-bong, the leader of the New People's Party, was elected Chairman of the party.
The president of JBSP was DP Yadav and the general secretary Shahidullah Khan.
After the 2014 election, COPE was left with only three seats in the National Assembly, down from 30 seats in 2009.
It publishes a monthly magazine called The Socialist which contains a socialist perspective on news and current issues.
Cooperation and Development was a short-lived Arab satellite list in Israel.
It participated in the 1999, 2003 and 2006 elections.
On 4 April 2006, representatives of the Pro Patria Union and the representatives of Res Publica decided to merge the two parties.
The violence was on a smaller scale than the mass genocide occurring in Rwanda where Hutu were massacring Tutsis and moderate Hutus.
It expresses support for Franklin D. Roosevelt's Four Freedoms, in addition to the EU's Four Freedoms.
The Liberal Reformist Party was a centre-right liberal political party in Romania founded on 3 July 2014 by Călin Popescu-Tăriceanu.
Croatian Democratic Alliance of Slavonia and Baranja is a regionalist and right wing populist political party in the Eastern Croatian region of Slavonia.
Life members included Benjamin Britten, Lady Clare Annesley and Stuart Morris.
The National Alliance of Democrats for Reconstruction is a political party in Democratic Republic of the Congo.
For the 24–27 July 2008 congress the faction formed a common list with The Ernesto, another minority faction, and obtained 7.7% of the delegates.
The party states that it is open to negotiations and alliances with any party.
PCPE was founded out of the unification of several Marxist-Leninist factions.
Botella was re-elected at the 8th and 9th Congresses.
It was formed by people who left Cornwall's main nationalist party Mebyon Kernow on 28 May 1975, but it is no longer for independence.
The founder of CPUSI was M. Veeranna and it is sometimes referred to as the 'Janashakti Veeranna' faction.
Naveen Jaiswal, Amar Kumar Bauri, Ganesh Ganju, Alok Kumar Chourasia, Randhir Singh and Janki Yadav joined the party at the Jharkhand Bhavan in Delhi.
It demanded a separate tribal-majority state and social reform.
The Scottish Liberal Democrats hold 5 of 129 seats in the Scottish Parliament and 4 of 59 Scottish seats in the UK Parliament.
Puthiya Needhi Katchi, is a political party in Tamil Nadu, India.
In the 17 May 2007 People's National Assembly elections, the MDS won 0.89% of the vote and 1 out of 389 seats.
The Civic Forum's purpose was to unify the dissident forces in Czechoslovakia and to overthrow the Communist regime.
The group was founded in 1978 in the village of Fis by a group of Kurdish students led by Abdullah Öcalan.
The group was founded as Labour Militant in 1986, a faction within the New Democratic Party of Canada.
The Pensioners' Party, was a minor political party in Hungary between 1990 and 2007.
In 2011, it garnered 2.2% of the popular vote, and its sole parliamentarian, George Perdikes, retained his seat.
It was initially known as the National Labor Party like their federal counterpart, but was renamed at a conference in June 1917.
Its ideology was vague, including a broad diversity of different political convictions with descriptions ranging from left-wing via centrist to conservative.
Most of the members of the Ecological Intervention founded the political organization Ecosocialists.
The Farmers' Party or Farmers' Union was an agrarian political party in the Irish Free State between 1922 and 1932.
The PGSD concurred in coalition with the Galician People's Party in the Spanish general election of 1977.
Pierre Nkurunziza indeed was elected President of Burundi unopposed on August 19.
The group was founded in 1991 although it was first called Revolutionary Union of Kurdistan and changed its name to PAK shortly before 2007.
Teijn was elected to the district council in the Feijenoord district for the NNP, before he moved to the NA midterm.
The party supported free market economic policies similar to that of Democratic Rally and the Democratic Party.
It promotes the use of the Aragonese language.
It has been a close ally of the major party of the centre-left in France, the Socialist Party, since 1972.
Historians typically use the title "Republican Party".
Patten is a veteran campaigner on issues such as censorship, equality, and discrimination.
In the 2004 Lok Sabha elections Delkar won as the candidate in the Dadra and Nagar Haveli seat.
DTMK works for the interests of the Telugu-speaking minority in the state.
It won 19,451 votes in the parliamentary elections and 21,877 votes in the provincial elections in the Free State, failing to win seats in either.
In the South, the party leader Pak Hon-yong, who had been a resistance fighter, and became active in Seoul upon his release in 1945.
The Arab Revolutionary Workers Party is a political party active in Iraq and Syria.
The Movement for Democracy and Independence was a political party in the Central African Republic.
The "right(s)" in the party's name refer to the legal and moral reasons that justify the independence and autonomy of Croatia.
The party was founded in order to counter the influence of the Communist Party of Burma within the AFPFL.
Pillai is the president of the party.
The party claims to ideologically defend and uphold the rights of ethnic Russians and speakers of the Russian language in Ukraine.
In the early 1990s its popularity grew along with reports of harsh discrimination of the Serb populace in Croatia by the regime of Franjo Tuđman.
It is sometimes considered an offshoot of the older FLN.
The party never officially registered in the register of political parties of the Interior Ministry, and always participated in elections through coalitions.
The members of the PLD had initially grouped themselves in an informal organisation known as the Liberal Platform.
The Revolutionary Committee of the Chinese Kuomintang is one of eight registered minor political parties in the People's Republic of China.
Socialist Aotearoa is a socialist organisation based in Aotearoa/New Zealand.
The MDB participated in the indirect presidential elections of 1974 and 1978 with two "anti-candidates", Ulysses Guimarães and General Euler Bentes Monteiro.
The Rikken Seiyūkai was one of the main political parties in the pre-war Empire of Japan.
The Modern Egypt Party is an Egyptian political party made up of former members of the NDP.
The Freedom Party is an Egyptian political party.
According to co-head of the organization Arseniy Yatsenyuk, "it will be a little bit like the Solidarity movement in Poland".
During most of its existence, it was the country's second-strongest party.
The Youth for Egypt Party is a political party that is made up of former members of the Egyptian Muslim Brotherhood.
The party has members in several unions, including a health union.
Partido Comunista Español was formed on April 15, 1920.
While vivant means "alive" or "lively" in French, as an acronym "VIVANT" stands for Voor Individuele Vrijheid en Arbeid in een Nieuwe Toekomst, in Dutch.
The People's Party was one of the parties that stood at the basis of the Forum of Abkhaz People's Unity founded 8 February 2005.
Koruna Česká, in English The Czech Crown, is a Czech monarchist political party that wishes the restoration of Czech monarchy with House of Habsburg.
Later a split occurred JPP and the faction led by Surya Singh Besra retained the name Jharkhand People's Party.
The Socialist Party of New Jersey engages in both electoral politics and non-electoral activism.
In the 2000 general elections, the UNC won an absolute majority in the Parliament.
He polled 171,192 votes and came fourth
The Saint Helena Progressive Party won eleven out of twelve Legislative Council seats in the September 1976 election.
Its last Secretary-General was Antonio Jesús Ruiz.
The group became known as the 'Rome Group'.
On the other hand, both the Colonial Office as well as the Ugandan nationalists continued preparing Uganda for independence as one country.
WPI owns a 24-hour TV station called New Channel which is mainly in Persian but also broadcasts some programs in English, Kurdish and Azeri Turkish.
The party held a single seat in the Senate between 2004 and 2010.
Together with the Democratic Convergence of Catalonia, until 2015 it was part of the Convergence and Union coalition.
Its goal was to influence the governmental policy in a pro-European, liberal and reformist direction.
It was launched on 12 December 2012 by Luigi de Magistris, mayor of Naples and until then member of Italy of Values.
At the legislative elections of 8 April 2001, the party won 1.7% of the popular vote and no seats in the Congress of the Republic.
Like Minger himself, all the party's other Federal Councillors came from the canton of Bern: Eduard von Steiger, Markus Feldmann, Friedrich Traugott Wahlen and Rudolf Gnägi.
By 1937 the number had declined to 560.
The Union was transformed into a single unified party with the same name.
For a third time Álvaro Noboa ran for president representing the PRIAN political party, registering his candidacy in the supreme electoral tribunal on 15 August 2006.
It long controlled the Trade Union Federation of Workers of Panama.
After the coup d'état in December 1851, the party dissolved and its members were exiled.
The People's Party of Galicia is a conservative-right political party in Galicia, Spain.
The party publishes the magazine Terra e Tempo, and the secretary general is Néstor Rego.
The Front for Victory is a center-left Peronist electoral alliance in Argentina, and it is formally a faction of the Justicialist Party.
Islah is more of a loose coalition of tribal and religious elements than a political party.
The merger occurred in order to consolidate their relatively compatible and similar aims, that of gradual and nonradical progressivism implementing liberal policies.
The Agrarian Party is a left-wing agrarian political party in Belarus.
The Slovene People's Party was a Slovenian political party in the 19th and 20th centuries, active in the Austro-Hungarian Monarchy and in the Kingdom of Yugoslavia.
The party espoused Ba'athism, which is an ideology mixing Arab nationalist, pan-Arabism, Arab socialist, and anti-imperialist interests.
Established in 1990, it was led by András Ágoston and then by Sándor Páll until his death in 2010.
The Administrative Council of the national party, with ITGWU members in the majority, refused to ratify this nomination.
The Socialist Party of Senegal is a political party in Senegal.
In the 2015 election the party got 17.7% of the votes, making them the parliament's second largest party.
In December 1975 the British governor Sir Thomas Oates decided to deport Thornton from Saint Helena.
The Social Democratic Party is a political party in Kenya.
Balwant Singh Mankotia has served as party's state President since 2010.
It has similar policies to Green parties around the world, and is a member of the Federation of Green Parties of Africa.
A few days after party registration, Bull became Leader and Nominating Officer whilst Allman remained Treasurer.
Cannabis Is Safer Than Alcohol was a political party in the United Kingdom, which advocated the legalisation of cannabis.
In the 2010 general election, the Communist League stood Caroline Bellamy in Edinburgh South West and Paul Davies in Hackney South and Shoreditch.
It is associated with the 'Che Guevara High School for Political Leadership' in Tiraspol, which was established to provide training for young political activists.
ITAK remained dormant until 2004 when a split in the TULF resulted in ITAK being re-established as an active political party.
Autonomy South, whose complete name is Autonomy South - We for the South, is a regionalist-centrist political party in Italy based in the Southern Italy.
Nationalization of banks under the control of the people
The Confederation of Democracy was an electoral alliance of center-right Chilean political parties formed in July 1972.
The Pridnestrovie Communist Party, also spelled Pridnestrovian Communist Party, is a communist party in Transnistria.
Its first annual conference was in 2003 following the 2002 merger of the Leeds Left Alliance and the Green Socialist Network.
The party favors a declination of private monopolies and software patents.
The Moderates were never a formal party, only a totality of moderate patriots from politics, literature and philosophy.
The party is not to be confused with a second National Democratic Party formed to contest the general election of 2006.
This would be most obvious at a country or nation-state level, but could also be of wider scope, such as the Internet or Earth.
This membership continued to grow rapidly beyond that level.
Faure Gnassingbé replaced the RPT with a new ruling party, the Union for the Republic, in April 2012, dissolving the RPT.
The party was the first national party of the planned West Indies Federation.
The All-Ukrainian Union "Fatherland" or Batkivshchyna is a political party in Ukraine, led by Yulia Tymoshenko.
The National Freedom Party is a South African political party.
Following the vacancy created by Creighton's resignation after the 2016 general election, John Leahy was selected as leader at the party's AGM in September 2016.
In 2008, Tal held a lechon festival, whose purpose was "to continuously and slowly reintegrate our brethren to the mainstream."
Hodge would preside as chairman, and James Andrew Seddon was chairman of the organization committee.
The Communist Party USA is a communist political party in the United States.
It gradually grew stronger during the 1840s, and at the crisis and fall of absolutism 1848 it was the driving force.
One of the party's founders is the Academy Award-winning film director Danis Tanović.
The party was established in 1942 by immigrants from Austria and Germany who had arrived in Palestine during the Fifth Aliyah.
The Pakistan Muslim League Urdu: پاکستان مسلم لیگ‎‎; Acronyms: PML(Q), PML-Q, PMLQ) is a centre-nationalist political party in Pakistan.
Since 2010, the leader of the party is Trine Skei Grande.
The party is closely associated with its chief financial backer, the oligarch Vladimir Plahotniuc.
Party aims to represent the interests and concerns of women.
The True Whig Party, also known as Liberian Whig Party, was the oldest political party in Liberia.
Its Republican National Committee members are Rob Steele and Kathy Berden.
United and Alternative Left is a political party from Catalonia, Spain.
In the 2010 parliamentary election in Catalonia, Reagrupament gained 1,28% of the vote and no seats in parliament.
The Alliance ran a MNR’s leader Víctor Paz Estenssoro as its Presidential candidate and a PDC’s leader Luís Ossio Sanjines as its Vice-Presidential candidate.
The party was founded in late October 1929.
Liga Veneta, whose complete name is Liga Veneta–Lega Nord, is a regionalist political party based in Veneto, Italy.
The party competes against the Liberal/National Coalition for political office at the federal and state levels.
Left Alternative was a UK political party resulting from the split within Respect – The Unity Coalition in late 2007.
In 2006, most of its remaining members merged into the People's Party.
It was founded in 2012 and hopes to create some sort of mechanisms of interaction between corporations and communities within the country.
Having won a clear majority in Sudan's first parliamentary election, al-Azhari became Sudan's first prime minister, who in 1955 declared independence from colonial rule.
The Rally of Republican Democrats is a political party in Gabon headed by Léontine Mebale.
It was the ruling coalition until it became the Barisan National in 1973.
It was one of the key organizers of the Montenegrin independence referendum, 1992.
It is led by impeached former president Fernando Lugo, who also ran as a senatorial candidate.
The group originated in a split from Sinn Féin over the Mitchell Principles.
NCD-UDC supports Jean-Claude Juncker, the candidate of the European People's Party for the European Commission presidency.
For the 2012 elections, it was part of the Georgian Dream alliance that won the election against United National Movement.
After the fall of the Berlin Wall, the SED was renamed the Party of Democratic Socialism and subsequently merged into Die Linke.
The Democrats have applied to participate in elections, which was rejected by the Supreme Court and the party participated regularly in the national elections of 2009.
The Gibraltar Socialist Labour Party is a social-democratic political party in Gibraltar.
Among others, jazz artists Ts'epo Tshola and Bhudaza Mapefane, and famo artists artists namely Selomo, Chakela and Mants'a.
It is often referred to as the "political wing" of the Irish National Liberation Army paramilitary group.
Awami Jamhuri Ittehad Pakistan was founded by his father Liaqat Khan.
In 2011, the SPS was refounded by some of its former members as the Union of Right Forces Movement.
The party leader Schmitt explained to the leadership that expelling "30 or 35 bandits is a necessary process of cleaning up."
It is sometimes called the "National Democratic Alliance".
The People's National Movement is the present-day governing political party in Trinidad and Tobago.
Amongst its other leaders were Raimon Obiols, Narcís Serra and Pasqual Maragall, the former president of the Generalitat de Catalunya.
Kedys died under unclear circumstances in 2010.
In 2011, Irina Veshtard was elected as the new chairman of the party.
After the death of Fox, his faction was led by Viscount Howick.
In December 1980 the party was reconstructed as Galician Left.
It is a splinter group from the anti-Islamic Reclaim Australia group, formed after a dispute between Shermon Burgess and Reclaim Australia organisers.
The first centre-left coalition in Italy was The Olive Tree, founded in 1996, which replaced the left-wing Alliance of Progressives.
Clann na Talmhan was an Irish agrarian political party active between 1939 and 1965.
He took 3,107 votes and did not win the seat.
The party did not stand any candidates in the single-member constituencies.
At the party's first meeting, there was an attendance of roughly 200 people.
In the 2007 Armenian parliamentary elections it won no seats with 2.74% of the popular vote.
It was formed in 2007 in opposition to the Sinn Féin special Ard Fheis's vote of support for the Police Service of Northern Ireland.
The movement publishes the magazine dagens Danmark.
It contested the national elections of November 1989 and 1990, taking one seat in each election.
The United New Democratic Party was a political party of South Korea.
The party was established on June 15, 2005, on the 35th anniversary of the 15–16 June Worker Resistance.
The first SKDL minister was Yrjö Leino who took office in November 1944.
Following the 1991 general election, Motzfeldt stepped down and was replaced by Lars Emil Johansen, also of Siumut, who governed in coalition with Inuit Ataqatigiit.
The party is led by Arslan Ul Mulk, a human rights activist from Gujranwala, who has been in charge since 2011.
The Socialist Party has members in executive positions in a number of trade unions.
The Party for National Concord-Abasangirajambo is a small political party in Burundi.
The Union for the Republic and Democracy is a political party in Mali, led by Soumaïla Cissé.
Their support of Solidarity was criticized by the Carter Administration, the Soviet Union, and other supporters of Détente.
PCT had a youth wing called Workers' Communist Youth.
The Free Democratic Party or Radical Democratic Party was a liberal political party in Switzerland.
Breton Liberty frequently worked within the Région et Peuples Solidaires federation.
The Republican Party of New Mexico is the affiliate of the United States Republican Party in New Mexico, headquartered in Albuquerque.
The historian John de Courcy Ireland was also a member of the party and a candidate in the 1984 European elections.
If this was granted, Buganda could take part in Uganda.
The Whig Party is a political party in England.
A militia, known as the Contras, was formed in 1981 to overthrow the Sandinista government and was funded and trained by the US Central Intelligence Agency.
The reason for the split was general dissatisfaction with the president's political leadership.
The Democracy Party of Iran is an Iranian reformist political party that split from the Islamic Iran Solidarity Party in 2000.
The goals include changes in the justice system, e.g.
The elections were deemed neither free nor fair.
We don't recognise any other ethnic and national identities.
The basic philosophy of Akali Dal is to give political voice to Sikh issues and it believes that religion and politics go hand in hand.
24 former members of the National Democratic Party won seats in the first phase of the 2015 election.
It is co-chaired by former Prime Minister Leonid Lakerbaia.
The Virtue Party is a Salafist political party.
The Parti Hizbul Muslimin Malaysia or Muslim People's Party of Malaysia was a political party in Malaysia.
The Iraqi Arab Socialist Union was a political party in Iraq based on the principles of Nasserist Arab socialism.
Although its headquarters were initially in Barcelona, now it is established in Madrid.
In September 2010 the Pakistan Muslim League and PML-Q united, forming the All Pakistan Muslim League.
Sinn Féin is a left-wing Irish republican political party active in the Republic of Ireland as well as in Northern Ireland.
It consists of the Movement of Society for Peace, Islamic Renaissance Movement and the Movement for National Reform.
They maintained the Militant Labour League for those members who were involved in Labour Party entryism and published The Militant.
Its first and most charismatic leader was Zianon Pazniak.
It was the first officially registered political party after the fall of Communism.
The RPG is the current ruling party in the country and is led by Alpha Condé.
They are often identified as the "opposition camp" due to its non-cooperative and sometimes confrontational stance toward the Hong Kong SAR and Chinese central governments.
Citizens in Rage contested the smaller constituency of Bremerhaven.
Rashtriya Lok Dal is a political party in India.
As of July 2017, there are over 150 local groups across the UK and Momentum's membership has risen to 24,000 members.
Scheduled Castes Federation was an organisation in India founded by B. R. Ambedkar in 1942 to campaign for the rights of the Dalit community.
The Nest is a political party in Togo.
Team of Winter Generation strongly resembled the successful 1999 electoral campaign of the Russian Union of Right Forces.
More widely, it was highly unpopular and faced much opposition from anti-fascists, religious organisations, and mainstream politicians and media.
It failed to gain substantial support after its formation.
It joined with other smaller political parties under the banner of Union for Change to contest the second round of the Presidential Elections.
It was founded on 13 May 2013.
The party maintains close links with the other centre-left political parties in the English-speaking Caribbean such as the Democratic Labour Party.
Its founder, Javier Diez Canseco, became a congressman for Lima.
Tong Sang then split from his former party to found a new party called O Porinetia To Tatou Ai'a.
Come be a part of an active Today, for a better Tomorrow!!!
The National Wisa Association is a political party in Madagascar.
The Brazilian Labour Party was a center-left populist political party in Brazil founded in 1945 by supporters of President Getúlio Vargas.
The Easterners were a political faction of the Joseon Dynasty.
Plaid Glyndŵr was first registered with the Electoral Commission as a minor political party on 12.11.2012.
Former leading members include Lodovico Pizzati, Gianluca Busato, Paolo Bernardini and Luca Azzano Cantarutti.
Out of office after 1912, the Liberals gradually found themselves pressed between the conservative Reform Party and the growing Labour Party.
The alliance between several left-wing parties paved the way for the establishment of the Peoples' Democratic Congress.
The BSP was the third most voted-for party in the 2014 general election but still failed to win any seats in the 16th Lok Sabha.
The People's Party, originally People's League, was an eclectic, essentially populist, mass movement in Romania.
The Workers' Party publishes the New Workers' Journal.
The strong links to the Trade Union Congress was retained though.
The CPS does not feature much on the Scottish political landscape, but did sponsor one local councilor, Willie Clarke, in Fife, until 2016.
Since the 1998 election of Hugo Chávez, a range of newer parties have been more prominent in opposition to Chávez.
The party won two seats in the Libyan General National Congress election of 2012.
It supports the principles of a liberal, democratic, and secular political order in Egypt.
The Bet-Nahrain Democratic Party is an Assyrian political party in Iraq led by Romeo Nissan Hakkari.
The Party supported free public health care, an increase in tax revenues, improving economic conditions for businesses and reducing unemployment.
It is affiliated with the Green Party of the United States.
TRP was founded in Hyderabad on October 11, 2002 by G. Innaiah.
Its former activists were either integrated into the structures of the communist state or repressed and, in some cases, imprisoned by the latter.
In comparison, 28% identify as leaning Reformist.
It is affiliated to the Committee for a Workers' International.
It narrowly won the 2015 general election, losing 3 mandates compared to its 2011 result, ending up with 30 seats.
It was also a member of the International Libertarian Solidarity network.
Imamia Students Organization is a Shiite Muslim students' organisation in Pakistan.
Islamic Movement is receiving aid from Iran and is also said to receive money from other Islamic countries.
On 19 June 2015 the PLR merged with the Conservative Party to form the Alliance of Liberals and Democrats.
Its first general secretary was Antonio Palomares, a communist leader who had fought against the Franco regime.
The party's power was dependent upon the power of its founder and leader, not any popular mandate.
The party took part in the Dutch General Election of 1994, receiving 2,754 votes and no seats.
Most of the votes for Unitat pel Socialisme came from the Barcelona constituency, were the coalition mustered 28,499 votes.
The PUA was created by ex-members of People's Unity Assembly, the Maulets, different local political organizations and Catalunya Lliure.
The Socialist Party has also been credited with bringing to light the GAMA construction scandal.
The YCL was re-established in 1991 as part of the reformed Communist Party of Britain.
The Ittihad was financially supported by King Fuad I and British agents, that trusted that the Ittihad would have destabilized the activities of the left-wing radicals.
En Marea is a political alliance integrated by Podemos, Anova, United Left of Galicia, and some municipal alliances that participated in the 2015 municipal elections.
Ivorian Liberation Movement was an Ivorian opposition group, founded in Paris in 1959.
For information on the PCOE formed in 1921 see the article Spanish Communist Workers' Party.
It was opposed to Marxist socialism because of its typical opposition to nationalism, but was also opposed to the reactionary conservatism developed by Joseph de Maistre.
The party was led by Lower House member Kansei Nakano, now a member of the Democratic Party.
The party claimed to have over 80,000 members in mid-May 2010.
Communist Study Groups, was a communist group in colonial French West Africa/French Equatorial Africa.
Currently, LP president Andrija Popović is the party's sole representative in the Parliament of Montenegro, where LP is a part of the ruling majority.
The coalition was the evolution of the Anticapitalist and Communist List.
The professed goal of the group was to undermine the capitalist system.
It was part of the International Socialist Tendency led by the British Socialist Workers Party.
It was registered on March 11, 2006.
In the Greek local elections, 2010 the party supported the Society of Athens for the municipality of Athens.
It produces the newspaper La Voz Obrera.
Moravané is a small non-parliamentary political party in Moravia in the Czech Republic.
The PA was successful in the general elections held in 1994 and 2000, as well as the presidential elections of 1994 and 1999.
Dissolved in 2008, after nomination of Levon Ter-Petrosyan of candidate in Armenian presidential election, and after merged into Levon Ter-Petrosyan's led Armenian National Congress.
At the legislative elections held 27 February and 13 March 2005 the party won 8% of the popular vote and 2 out of 63 seats.
The party was registered from 2006 to 2013 with the New South Wales Electoral Commission to contest state and local council elections, and has done so.
The American Party nominated former President Millard Fillmore in the 1856 presidential election, although he kept quiet about his membership.
The Federation of Liberals is a tiny liberal political party in Italy.
The diverse factions had very different perspectives on the party's future, but were able to agree a programme, largely based on a draft by Hardie.
The Union for the Presidential Majority is the ruling political coalition in Djibouti.
The group ceased operations, as a "membership organization," in 2013.
In December 2011, the party merged into the Unified Progressive Party.
It is also frequently referred to as the Democratic Front, or al-Jabha al-Dimuqratiyah.
The Federation of Public Housing Estates is a pro-Beijing organisation formed in 1985 by 11 community associations.
It was also Anti-Zionist, opposing the existence of Israel and endorsing the Palestinian solidarity movement.
Revolutionary Socialism has also criticised the Portuguese Communist Party and Left Bloc for having "hardly used their influential position to mobilise people".
In March 2005, it obtained permanent observer status in the reunified Fourth International.
Devlin stood as a United Labour Party candidate in the 1979 European Parliament election but polled just 6,122 first preferences and thereby lost his deposit.
A similar alliance, namely the Labour, Democracy and Freedom Bloc, was formed in preparation for the 2011 general election four years later.
The Left Alliance is a left-wing political party in Finland.
Alternatiba is a Basque socialist political party.
It remained the dominant party within Zambian politics until the general elections of September 2011.
The party presses for protection and promotion of the ecological system and optimal use of resources.
The National Socialist Workers' Party of Norway was a minor extraparliamentary political party in Norway.
Others have blamed the economic stagnation and subsequent loss of faith by the general populace in communist ideology.
United Republic is a centre-right political party in France launched by Dominique de Villepin, a former Prime Minister, on 18 June 2010.
The party was formed in the run-up of the 2013 general election to support the outgoing Prime Minister Monti and continue his political agenda.
The Anti-Imperialist Front was organized by the clandestine Sudanese Movement for National Liberation.
The PDT was the first party of president Dilma Rousseff.
It describes itself as centrist and advocating the principles of humanism, freedom, and equality.
From every elections of Chamber of Deputies until 2013 it emerged as one of the two strongest parties.
The Progressive Citizens' Party is a national-conservative political party in Liechtenstein.
At the 2009 elections, it received approximately 30% of the national vote.
In 1895 the two parties reunited under its old name.
In the 2010 provincial elections the party won 2.9% in Ogliastra, 1.5% in Olbia-Tempio, 0.8% in Sassari and 0.4% in Cagliari.
Therefore its members demand on the separation of state and religion, the party is secular-orientated.
The protocols of alliance between DA and UDMR were signed on 20 December 2004 while those between DA and PUR were signed on 23 December 2004.
The party promoted nationalist propaganda and its members sympathized with the Nazi Arrow Cross Party.
Unity is a member of the European People's Party.
On November 9, 2012 the PDM was defeated by the PNP and Oswald Skippings stepped down as leader.
The Nonpartisan Bloc for Cooperation with the Government was a "non-political" organization in the interwar Second Polish Republic, in 1928–35.
The party aimed to appeal to 'reasonable people'.
As of 2016, every statewide elected official in Louisiana, with the exception of the governor, is a Republican.
At the last elections, 21 February 2005, the party won 9.5% of the vote, but no seats.
Latvian Way was a member of Liberal International and the European Liberal Democrat and Reform Party.
After the re-establishment of democracy in 1988, following Zia's death, a two-party system inculcated, with PPP and IJI) as the two major sides.
The core party of the alliance Fatherland stayed a major force in Ukrainian politics.
For a Polish communist political organization, see Front of National Unity.
The Lal Communist Party merged back into the Communist Party of India in 1952.
The party is split from Communist Party of India led by Kanu Sanyal.
Past federal members included Martin Ferguson, Laurie Ferguson, and Alan Griffin.
Kodjo ran as the CPP's candidate in the June 2003 presidential election.
AITMF advocates United Nations involvement as mediators in the Kashmir issue.
It is based on the model of the Swedish Pirate Party, it supports copyright and patent law reform, and privacy.
his grandfather was a congregational leader in different mosques for more than forty consecutive years.
They imposed exclusionary segregation on homosexuals, Africans, Jehovah's Witnesses, and political opponents.
Damir Arnaut, served as Ambassador to Bosnia in Canberra, Australia is the vice President of the union.
This common civilisational impulse will be the basis of a political and strategic union."
The PRC originated in the Association in Defense of the Interests of Cantabria, founded on 14 May 1976, with the objective of promoting Cantabrian autonomy.
A popularis was a politician who supported this faction.
The Democratic Labor Party was a left-wing nationalist political party in South Korea.
Ahead of the election, the party sought to form a front of royalist parties.
The following year, the far left were able to enter a communal project.
Payment of State and other assistance towards the maintenance of children of large families is desirable.'
On March 27, 2005 Valery Gartung was elected chairman.
The party joined with other opposition parties to form United Parties to support Muzorewa in the 1996 presidential election, but he subsequently pulled out.
Akhil Bharatiya Jan Sangh is a Hindu nationalist political party in India.
The Argentine Patriotic League was a Nacionalista paramilitary group, officially created in Buenos Aires on January 16, 1919, during the Tragic week events.
Led by the SMK-MKP's former chairman Béla Bugár, the party claims to have an electorate that is two-thirds ethnic Hungarian and one-third ethnic Slovak.
The Djibouti Party for Development, is a political party in Djibouti, led by Mohamed Daoud Chehem.
It holds more than half of the seats of mayors in the municipalities of Puerto Rico and minorities in the Senate and the House.
The Party of Industrialists and Entrepreneurs of Ukraine is a political party in Ukraine registered in April 2000.
Adla Bahram is the director of women's affairs of the party and now the elected president .
The Catalan branch of PT was known as Partit dels Treballadors de Catalunya.
In the 2015 parliamentary elections, Venstre received 19.5% of the vote, and 34 out of 179 seats.
Former People's Movement leader Adrian Papahagi called for "creating the anti-system party" to quench their outrage.
The Colombian Liberal Party is a social-democratic and social liberal political party in Colombia.
Sephardim and Oriental Communities was a political party in Israel and is one of the ancestors of the Likud party.
As of 2013, its independent in Constituent Assembly.
USNO's president Tun Mustapha became Sabah UMNO's first president, while Harris became an adviser to the party.
This experience was followed by the founding of the National Development Party by Nuri Demirağ in 1945.
The WPK also controls the world's 5th largest armed force – Korean People's Army.
It participates in the Workers' Left Front.
Other youth wings are also present in the Czech Republic, the Netherlands, Belgium, and Slovenia.
The party operates through a local branch structure and publishes Scotland's longest-running socialist newspaper, the Scottish Socialist Voice.
The party had not been represented in the Valencian autonomous parliament since 1999.
Horan acted an independent Member of Parliament after expulsion, and proposed starting a party in January 2013.
Founded and led by Gulbuddin Hekmatyar, it was established in Afghanistan in 1975.
The military elite actively supported the build-up of the party.
Weston is a former UK Independence Party member and was one of the party's candidates in Cities of London and Westminster at the 2010 general election.
This puts them at odds with the more tribe-oriented Taliban.
It was essentially the rural wing of the ANL.
The United Malays National Organisation is Malaysia's largest political party.
The party was founded in 1973 by the parliamentarian Master in Law Georg C. Ehrnrooth as an anticommunist split from the Swedish People's Party.
In September 1954 there was a major crackdown on the organization, 25 of its cadres were arrested.
Poalei Agudat Yisrael was a trade union and Jewish political party in Poland, and was a minor political party in Israel.
The Khmer Power Party is a Cambodian pro-American political party founded on 18 March 2010 by Cambodian American Sourn Serey Ratha.
It was founded and led by Norodom Ranariddh, who had been ousted from FUNCINPEC back in 2006.
The party has had two Prime Ministers, Thapa and Chand, serving two terms each since the end of the Rastriya Panchayat.
It was dominated by Hutus, particularly from President Juvenal Habyarimana's home region of Northern Rwanda.
The Movement for Social Democracy is a Greek Cypriot nationalist and social-democratic political party in Cyprus.
United Extremadura is a centre-right regionalist political party in the Spanish Autonomous Community of Extremadura.
It was registered with the Electoral Commission on 5 March 2013 by Paul Weston and George Whale.
The National Unity Association is a Greek political party, founded by retired officers of the Hellenic Armed Forces.
However, it has performed poorly in elections since 2008, with the Malaysian Chinese community mostly voting for the opposition Democratic Action Party.
In October 1998, the party reformed itself with a more conservative image, dropping the 'New' from its title to become simply the Sakigake Party.
The Liberal Democrat Party of Chile was a Chilean political party that had legal existence from 1988 until 1989 under the state of "in formation".
The ideology of the movement was a blend of fascism, Roman Catholicism and Croatian nationalism.
The Party of Democratic Progress РС / Partija demokratskog progresa RS) is a Serbian political party in Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Another SDP member, Neven Mimica is the current European Commissioner for International Cooperation and Development at the European Commission.
In 1929, King Alexander declared a personal rule banning the People's Radical Party and others.
The party logo distinctly resembles that of the now-defunct Canadian Alliance, a conservative party active from 2000 to 2003.
In the Curaçao 2010 elections Pueblo Sobrerano won three seats and became on 10 October 2010 part of the governing coalition of the Cabinet Schotte.
Both lost their seats to candidates from the Conservative Party, in the biggest victory for the Conservatives in Scotland since 1983.
The party's political programme places highest importance on sustainable development.
At the most recent UK general election in 2017, the SNP lost 21 of their 56 seats and returned 35 MPs to the House of Commons.
Although the party is technically illegal, it is tolerated inside Iran.
The next day the annual conference of the Nationalist Party unanimously approved of the protest action by Austin Currie in Caledon.
The Partido Galeguista Demócrata is a Galician centrist political party that claims to be the ideological heir of the Partido Galeguista.
It also holds 5 seats in the Kwai Tsing District Council.
It produces a bi-monthly, full-colour free paper called Resistance, the first issue of which was published in July/August 2007.
The Party of the Cardenist Front of National Reconstruction was a Mexican political party that existed from 1987 to 1997.
In the main they were considered to be part of the moderate tendency within the DNVP, as opposed to the radical nationalist leadership of Alfred Hugenberg.
The IMP headquarters were in what is now the landmark Sultan Abdul Samad Building.
It was later dissolved and its leaders joined the Indian National Congress.
The People's Resistance – Left Anti-imperialist Cooperation is a coalition of Marxist-Leninist and anti-revisionist left political organisations in Greece.
ASDC was active in the districts of Karbi Anglong and Dima Hasao.Several elections to the Lok Sabha and the District Council were won under ASDC banner.
In 1991, the party was succeeded by the Socialist Party of Albania.
With over 10 million members in Pakistan and abroad, it claims to be Pakistan's largest party by membership.
The Revolutionary Guards Party, after initially joining the alliance in February 2015, decided to run for the election on its own.
The League was named after Spartacus, leader of the largest slave rebellion of the Roman Republic.
In the 2008 election, the Youth Party ran a joint list with the Slovenian People's Party.
Until 22 November 2015 it was known as the Liberal People's Party.
In 2009, it won 5 congress seats and 1 senate seat.
After the 2015 election SFP was left out of the government formed by the three biggest parties.
The party was founded in 1932 and was originally called the Ecuadorian Socialist Party.
The party proposes a devolved English Parliament, and has suggested that England should become an independent country.
There were however some notable exceptions, like Wijono.
The party criticised the United Kingdom Independence Party in 2000 for being perceived as right-wing, lacking political acumen, and performing poorly in Westminster elections.
It was formed in June 2011, as the southern branches of the Sudanese Communist Party separated themselves from their mother party ahead of South Sudanese independence.
MPAIAC, Antonio Cubillo's now defunct organization, failed to attract public support among Canarios owing to its violent activity.
The People's Convention Party is a former political party in Ghana.
It supported the political line of the Party of Labour of Albania.
The Eurasia Party is a Russian political party.
It was led by Vamé Doumouya and Touré Amidou.
The coalition favored a referendum on the self-determination of Veneto in a framework of a confederal Italian state, but not secession from Italy.
Its support has shrunk over recent years and it is today not represented in any council, losing its last local seats in the 2006 election.
The head of the parliamentary bloc of the party is Kasim Muhammad Taqi al-Sahlani.
The Patriotic Union of Kurdistan is a Kurdish political party in Iraqi Kurdistan.
The London Green Party is the regional party of the Green Party of England and Wales that operates in Greater London.
The Justice Party, Singapore; Chinese: 新加坡正义党) is a political party in Singapore.
Both parties are founded on the principle of individualism and can be called liberal.
The Governor-General of Korea had banned communist parties under the Peace Preservation Law, so the party had to operate in a clandestine manner.
The Surchi tribe is found in Erbil, Duhok and Mosul.
KMBP joined the Indian National Congress ahead of the Lok Sabha elections 2004.
In the parliamentary elections, the Union took 30 seats out of 83 to become by far the largest opposition party.
The Glory Movement has two seats in the Lebanese Parliament.
In May 2007, former members of the PKK helped form the Kurdistan Communities Union, an umbrella organisation of Kurds from Turkey, Iran, Iraq, and Syria.
It has one councillor in the City of Casey, Rosalie Crestani.
Party founders chose the "Whig" name to echo the American Whigs of the 18th century who fought for independence.
The Sudan African National Union is a political party formed in 1963 by Saturnino Ohure and William Deng Nhial in Uganda.
The Plain, however, consisted of delegates that did not belong to either of these two groups and as such was even more amorphous.
The Rally for Democracy and Unity is a political party in Mauritania.
The Social Democratic Party is a centrist political party in East Timor.
In 2002, a fraction of PKSH split and merged into the refounded the Albanian Party of Labour.
In the 2014 European elections the party returned a single Member of the European Parliament.
The Umoja Party was a far-left political party in Washington, D.C.
This article is about the authentic Bulgarian Green Party, the first ever established democratic party in Bulgaria.
The National Conciliation Party is a small Egyptian political party.
Democratic Forward Bloc is a political party in Tamil Nadu, India.
In effect, the Foxites ceased thereafter to be a distinct group.
The party was founded 2002 by Bharatiya Janata Party Member of Parliament Salkhan Murmu.
In the February 2011 general election it ran twenty candidates of which five were elected.
In 2011, Hamas and Fatah announced a reconciliation agreement that provides for creation of a joint caretaker Palestinian government.
Guatemalan Party of Labour – Communist Party was an underground communist party in Guatemala.
In August 1960, the Rimawi group stated that a 'National Revolutionary Command' had been elected and a new party programme formulated at a second party convention.
In the parliamentary elections of 1973 the party achieved to elect two deputies: Silvia Araya González and Luis Osvaldo Escobar Astaburuaga.
The party contested its last election in 1936, and was not reorganised in 1945.
The Pirate Party is a political party in Spain based on the model of the Swedish Pirate Party.
The ICV formed part of the past ruling tripartite coalition in the Generalitat of Catalonia.
The party's candidate Elia Ravelomanantsoa won 2.56% in the December 2006 presidential election.
Arrangement is being made between TERAS and SPDP of Barisan Nasional for the division of seats to be contested in the Sarawak state election, 2016.
The coalition also integrates the political movement Democratic Intervention.
Godi defected along with the PAC's only two provincial representatives, Eastern Cape MPL Zingisa Mkabile and Gauteng MPL Malesela Ledwaba.
It was founded in 2001 after splitting from the Socialist Workers' Party-International Socialist Tendency.
Nevertheless, the candidate of the opposition declared electoral victory following a very complicated and questionable election in the municipality.
Regional Action was one of the seven founding parties of the People's Alliance.
The party's executive is led by Chairman Kingsley Esiso and Deputy Chair Val Arenyinka.
National Liberation Party of Unity is an Indonesian left-wing party founded in 2006 by the merger of several smaller parties.
The party's leader, Lorenzo Dellai, a former President of Trentino, has described Demo.S as a "Christian-social" party.
The current BJP Rajasthan state president is Ashok Parnami.
In the meantime, LIBRA merged with Croatian People's Party in February 2005.
The OSC was formed so that Saudi Communists could retain a degree of autonomy whilst still being involved with the larger Movement.
Maurizio Martina serves as deputy secretary, while Matteo Orfini is the party's president.
The Joint List is a political alliance of four Arab-dominated parties in Israel — Hadash, the United Arab List, Balad, and Ta'al.
The CDA existed until 1989 when it merged with the United Democratic Front.
Founded on 27 September 1988, it has become one of the most influential parties in Myanmar's pro-democracy movement.
As of 2012 it is registered as a common-interest association and cooperates with the National Movement electoral alliance.
Jamaat-e-Islami is a social conservative , Nationalist and Islamist political party.
Its creation was approved on 15 September 2015.
The MDT dissolved itself in 2014, and formed a new party: Poble Lliure.
The English Democrats is an English nationalist political party in England.
It has a mission in Pyongyang, North Korea and another in Japan.
Rodina or Motherland-National Patriotic Union is a political party in Russia.
The Supreme Electoral Council of Turkey later annulled the election of BDP MP Hatip Dicle in Diyarbakır, reducing the alliance's elected MPs to 35.
The EMEP had formed an alliance with the BDP's predecessor Democratic Society Party in the 2007 general election under the Thousand Hope Candidates banner.
Which led to the 1957 Unity Conference, which reunites the two major factions of Chilean socialism in the Socialist Party of Chile.
Brazilian Integralist Action was an integralist/fascist political party in Brazil.
Stronnictwo Chłopskie was a Polish political party, active from 1926 to 1931 in the Second Polish Republic.
The Social Democratic Party was a centrist political party in the United Kingdom.
In the struggle Soviet forces killed, arrested, or deported over 500,000 Ukrainian civilians.
The party contested the 2008 Eastern Provincial Council election.
The party published a daily newspaper, Il Lavoratore.
The New National Party was a Dutch nationalist political party which existed between 1998 and 2005.
The party once dominated local politics in Oklahoma almost since the days of early statehood in 1907 to 1994.
The organization's youth movement was founded in 1944.
The Fidelitas is the youth organization of the conservative Fidesz party, founded in October 1996.
Kowloon West New Dynamic is a centre-right political party in Hong Kong.
It was formed to bring together nine separate and mostly inimical military and ideological groups into a single entity.
The Loktantrik Jan Samta Party is a political party in India.
It gained 5,27% and elected 7 MPs.
Dissatisfied with the order, several dissidents left the Statehood Party and founded the PNP afterwards.
Democratic Alternative was a political party in Finland.
Plurinational Unity of the Lefts is a left-wing political coalition in Ecuador, created in 2011.
This controversial move bled the FR of members and supporters, leaving it to be absorbed into the single-party National Renaissance Front in 1938.
In the 11 March and 25 March 2007 presidential elections, its candidate Saleh Ould Hanenna won 7.65%.
The party participated in the October 2007 parliamentary election, but did not win any seats
ABJP was founded by senior BJP leader and former Deputy Inspector General of Police, Hiranya Bhattacharya in 2001.
In the 19 January 2007 Senate elections, the party won one of 108 seats.
The SNLD became the largest Shan party in the Assembly of the Union following the 2015 general election.
Unlike many other Red-Green coalitions, the "green" here was the colour of a centrist Nordic agrarian party rather than an actual green political movement.
It was formed in 1979 by Andrew Fountaine as the National Front Constitutional Movement, a splinter group from the National Front.
Abdul Khalik Bangal became president of the party and Chinmoy Choudhury general secretary after reunification.
The Liberal Party formed in 1870 to oppose The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints, which dominated local politics via the People's Party.
The party had three representatives in the National Assembly of Serbia on the list of the Liberal Democratic Party.
Monopoly over the distribution of public and private endownments
At the time of its founding it had approximately 20,000 members.
The Governing Board of the party currently consists of founder Tom Stevens, Alden Link, Dodge P. Landesman, and Executive Assistant John Connor.
The Revolutionary Brigades were founded in 1970 by Isabel do Carmo, Carlos Antunes and Pedro Goulart, and advocated armed struggle against the regime.
Its presidential candidate, Alpha Oumar Konaré, was elected President of the Republic.
Bahrain Freedom Movement is a London-based Bahraini opposition group which has its headquarters in a north London mosque.
While Law was successful in retaining her seat, the Group made no gains coming in third in Torfaen with 14.4% of the vote.
It is the successor to the Alternative Party, which had opted for a name change in a party congress.
Notable members included Rıza Tevfik Bölükbaşı, Ali Kemal Bey, Damat Ferid Pasha, and Lütfi Fikri Bey.
He left UDF together with Mark Katsonga Phiri and formed their party after there was disagreement with Muluzi about the Presidency of Bingu wa Munthalika.
The Pekkala government led the state until summer 1948, after which the SKDL didn't participate in any coalitions until 1966.
However, many independent observers insisted that Vujanović's victory came about as the result of a massive electoral fraud.
The history of the party's creation dates back to 18 March 1998, when the future members of the SDP established Tajikistan's Party of Justice and Progress.
Blue Dog Coalition membership experienced a rapid decline in the 2010s, holding 14 seats in the 114th Congress.
Leung also serves as the current president of the Association.
The Lithuanian Green Party is a green political party in Lithuania.
The seat was retained by the Workers' Party's candidate, Png Eng Huat.
Jammu and Kashmir Democratic Freedom Party is a separatist political party launched by Shabir Shah in May 1998.
In 1987 it merged with the Zimbabwe African National Union – Patriotic Front and was relaunched in 2008.
The party's current secretary is Maurizio Acerbo.
Despite only winning a single seat in the 2015 general elections, Harris became Prime Minister of the country following the elections.
In the parliamentary election held on 14 July 2002, the party won 45 out of 160 seats.
This idea was met with strong resistance during the merger talks.
The Moderate Current Coalition was an electoral alliance of Egyptian political parties, formed after the Egyptian parliamentary elections that occurred in 2011 and 2012.
Ideologically, the party was committed to Marxism-Leninism.
Initially a centrist party, it drifted to the right towards the end of its existence.
The Chairman of the party is Ashot Ghoulyan who is also the President of the National Assembly.
The party is one of the precursors of the Christian Democratic Appeal, into which it merged in 1980.
The party's acting leader was Patrick Cocriamont.
In 2010 the government, led by the Awami League, began prosecution of war crimes committed during the 1971 war under the International Crimes Tribunal.
Multiple defections saw the CLP reduced to minority government a few months later.
The LCL was succeeded by the South Australian Division of the Liberal Party of Australia in 1974.
It was launched in Dublin on 22 July 2015.
The party is one of the constituent members of the ruling National Front and is a multiracial party.
The Alianza collapsed in 2001 and FrePaSo effectively disappeared.
The political council accepted his resignation and appointed Aleksei Tania as acting Chairman.
It was officially registered as a legal political party on September 13, 1996.
The Communist Party of Chile is a Chilean political party inspired by the thoughts of Karl Marx and Vladimir Lenin.
The Integration with Britain Party was a political party in Gibraltar.
After 2008, the party was a member of the six-party coalition government led by the Democrat Party's leader, Prime Minister Abhisit Vejjajiva.
In the simultaneous election for the National Assembly, the party won 11.4% of the votes and 11 out of 137 seats.
The symbol of the party is the weaver.
Most of the party's Ba'athists were formerly associated with the Iraqi dominated faction.
The party's leader is the Chairman of the City Council’s Human Rights and Public Relations Commission.
However, it has also been reported to be in favor of a civil state.
The Marxist–Leninist Communist Party of Greece, better known by its acronym M-L KKE, is an Anti-Revisionist Marxist-Leninist and Maoist, communist far left political party in Greece.
The Tibet Improvement Party was a revolutionary, anti-feudal, anti-religious, anti-imperialist, and pro-Republic of China political party in Tibet.
A party spokesperson stated that the party was set up as and would remain a federal party, but no longer contest state elections.
For the French Third Republic group, see Democratic and Republican Union
The front figure of the coalition was Seda Petrosyan.
It was named the Communist Party of England on initial formation in 1972, until it was reorganised in 1979 after rejecting Maoism and aligning with Albania.
The Democratic Coalition Party was a centre-left party in Hungary between 1990 and 2001.
The BSDP remained without registration and office.
Its original goal was attaining Armenia's independence from the Ottoman Empire during the Armenian national liberation movement.
Galiza Ceibe-OLN was an independentist and socialist political party in Galicia, Spain.
On 3 July 2012 Laura Mintegi was chosen as candidate for Lehendakari in the 2012 Basque parliamentary election.
The party was dissolved after it failed to secure any seats in the National Council in the 2012 elections, having lost them in the 2010 election.
At the 2007 elections, they declared support for the independent candidates of Democratic Society Party.
Until 2005, it operated under the name Syrian Communist Party, and was also known as the Syrian Communist Party after its founder Riyad al-Turk.
The Independents for Frome are a minor political party based in Frome, in the English county of Somerset.
The party aimed "for every Australian to be involved in sport and recreation to assist in living a healthy and enjoyable lifestyle in a strong community."
In the July 2008 general election, the party lost to the National Democratic Congress, winning four seats against 11 for the NDC.
The party is a component of the centre-right bloc in Danish politics.
On June 30, 1949 the party merged with the Workers' Party of North Korea, forming the Workers' Party of Korea.
In July 2009, the party changed its name to the Shooters and Fishers Party, and in April 2016, the name was changed to its current name.
The Socialist Workers Party is a communist party in the United States.
This, coupled with the increasing strength of the Syrian Communist Party, led to the establishment of the United Arab Republic, a union of Egypt and Syria.
The party's name was changed to the National Party of Australia in 1982.
The Scottish Labour Party is the sub-national section of the UK Labour Party that covers Scotland.
Their political policies include: the introduction of Low German as a compulsory subject in schools.
Formerly known as the Democratic and Social Republican Party,, the grouping has changed its identity and adjusted its political stance following the 2005 coup.
Croatian Civic Party is a right-wing political party in Croatia.
National Order Party was an Islamist political party in Turkey, which adopted the National View ideology.
In 1996, Charles Savarin became the leader of the DFP.
The party was led by Abd as-Sattar Tahir Sharif, who left Iraq in 1999.
In the 1980 plebiscite on the Galician Statute, POG propagated for a blank vote.
The party participated in the Kukuriku coalition since 2011.
The founding meeting elected Amelia Andersdotter, Swedish Member of the European Parliament for Piratpartiet, as the first chairperson.
It retained 57 seats in the lower house, and still had 88 seats in the upper house.
In 1946, the FNC became an officially independent party by breaking its relationship with the Estat Català.
Having an ideological heritage stemming from the right wing of the Conservative Party, it distinguishes itself from the political establishment through heavy use of populist rhetoric.
The convenor of the party was Roland Lotha.
The PP is also a member of the Centrist Democrat International and the International Democrat Union.
The Welsh Liberal Democrats is the state party of the federal Liberal Democrats that operates within Wales.
Today, together with other platformist and especifista organisations around the world, the FdCA participates in the running of the Anarkismo.net website.
Based on the traditional definition of what a Coalition is, it currently only exists in federal, New South Wales and Victorian politics.
They believed that it was desirable to support the United Kingdom in World War I against "Prussian militarism".
The Green Party is a Norwegian political party.
The Civic Forum was a political movement in the Czech part of Czechoslovakia, established during the Velvet Revolution in 1989.
Mylliem won the seat, having obtained 10,336 votes.
Again the party governed as the main support of a ruling coalition, this time under Paz Zamora.
The People's Choice Party was a New Zealand political party.
The Dayak Unity Party was a political party in Indonesia.
The PUV was formed by James Annett from Comber in County Down.
MJF includes former leaders of other political parties, like Nepali Congress and CPN(UML).
Khajuria and general secretary is S. Karnail Singh Jakhepal.
The Nationalist Party of Bulgaria or NPB, was a far-right nationalist political party in Bulgaria that was formed in 2013.
However, they in turn were defeated at the battle of Worcester in 1651, leading eventually to Scotland's annexation into the English Commonwealth.
The Union of the People for Republic and Integral Development is a political party in the Democratic Republic of Congo.
The union consisted of three parties: Socialists' Party of Catalonia, Initiative for Catalonia Greens and United and Alternative Left.
The Jury Team was a British political campaign established in 2009 to back independent candidates in United Kingdom domestic and European elections.
The Turkish Democratic Party is a political party of the Turkish minority in the Republic of Macedonia.
With the fall of Saddam, the INA entered Iraq playing a central role in the occupation government.
The party was founded by P A Sangma after his expulsion from the Nationalist Congress Party in July 2012.
The party is considered to be the historical and ideological heir of the Polish Communist Party, which operated between 1918-1938.
Formed in 1958 by union of some workers' guilds, the union has been historically a worker wing affiliated with various parties.
The party, whose leader is Giacomo Portas, is part of the centre-left coalition formed around the Democratic Party.
After a ban in 2015, Tajikistan designated the party as a terrorist organization.
It dominated the politics of Pakistan during the 1970s, however suffered a temporary decline during the Military Dictatorship of Zia-ul-Haq.
Founded in 1986, the DPP is one of two major parties in Taiwan, along with the historically dominant Kuomintang.
Young observes, "Beja resentment and support for the BC is clear to anyone spending just a short time in the coffee shops of Port Sudan."
It is the fourth largest party in the National Assembly of Armenia.
At times it also supported the extension of Roman citizenship to Rome's Italic allies.
The existence of the party is unclear, the only reference found is at.
The group was established before Iranian legislative election, 2004.
The Eelam People's Democratic Party is a political party and a pro-government paramilitary organization in Sri Lanka.
Green Left Party is a left-libertarian and green party in Turkey.
Finally, a third tendency attempted to maintain the original party, without any success.
It traces its roots back to the 1930s radical anti-feudal group led by Akram al-Hawrani, but was formally established on 5 January 1950.
The largest of the non-communist resistance groups, its military wing, the National Groups of Greek Guerrillas concentrated its military activities in Epirus.
Due to the Francoist regime the party acted underground in Catalonia.
The party continued to exist for a few years, being disbanded sometime after 1989.
The old generation supported the parliamentary means of political competition, while the activist young generation advocated the extra-parliamentary means of political struggle.
The Congress was led by such anti-Treaty veterans as Peadar O'Donnell, Frank Ryan and George Gilmore.
In June 1976 PCRC merged with UCCRI(ML).
However, Sinclair won comparatively easily, with a majority of 29% of the total of votes cast.
Gömbös declared the party's intention to achieve "total control of the nation's social life".
AJS was founded by Asom Gana Parishad dissident Bhrigu Phukan in 1998.
Brit HaBirionim) was a clandestine, self-declared fascist faction of the Revisionist Zionist Movement in Palestine, active between 1930 and 1933.
Most of these officers would serve in Sharif Husayn's army during the Arab Revolt and later in Faisal's Syrian army.
It was a right-wing competitor to Christian Democracy and was especially strong in Southern Italy.
It also rubber-stamped the military leadership's choice of president.
The CNMI Democratic Party is a political party in the Northern Mariana Islands.
It is led by Antoine Gizenga who placed third in the 2006 general election.
The government alleged the trio to have been acting in collusion with the Libyan government of Muammar al-Gaddafi.
The chairman of the party is Jonna Purojärvi.
It was made up of conservative former Whigs who wanted to avoid secession over the slavery issue.
Democratic Alliance is a political party in Ukraine, registered in September 2011, formed on an anti-corruption platform.
Its stated aims are to renew how democracy is used, and it has social, ecological and economic goals, which could be defined as left wing.
In the November 2003 elections he led the party list of HDSS and two other smaller parties and managed to retain his seat in the Parliament.
CVP was recognized by the Congress-affiliated Speaker of the assembly.
The league's first congress was held in Hong Kong in May 1929.
National Solidarity Party of Afghanistan endorsed Ashraf Ghani Ahmadzai in the 2014 presidential election which led to Ashraf Ghani Ahmadzai's success.
Its popularity has been dramatically increasing in Cambodia, especially in the countryside.
Throughout its existence the party has contained different political groups with diverging ideological outlooks.
The Christian Democrats later "secularised" themselves, removing the explicitly religious nature of their party while keeping the same policy outlook.
With the establishment of the devolved Scottish Parliament in 1999, the SNP became the second-largest party, serving two terms as the opposition.
Currently, it is Colombia's largest political party and has formed a coalition with the Liberal Party and Radical Change.
As individual political personalities, the Enragés were cynical to the point of anarchism, suspicious of most political organizations and individuals, and they resisted ties to others.
In 1893 it extended voting rights to women, making New Zealand the first country in the world to enact universal female suffrage.
New Deal has been labelled the 'leftwing version of UKIP'.
In the 2011 general election, they returned three MHKs.
The Revolutionary Workers' Party was a socialist political party in the United Kingdom, based in Birmingham.
Women should be motivated to achieve their aspirations and contribute to the Kingdom’s development.
It was a political opponent of the Polish Socialist Party advocating armed resistance.
There has been calls from community and various groups to ban Jamaat-e-Islami as a political party.
Its ideologies embraced Flemish nationalism, calling for the independence of Flanders.
The remains of the party merged into the United Socialist Party.
The party was founded on October 9, 2002.
Despite hostility from Italian diplomatic officialdom, who saw such a move as counterproductive, nearly forty such groups had been organized by mid-1923.
Blackshirts are members of the anti-religious, atheist quasi-political organization Dravidar Kazhagam in Tamil Nadu, founded by "Periyar" E V Ramasamy.
Prakash Ambedkar was elected for the Loksabha from this party.
Fayez Shukr has been party leader since 2005 when he succeeded Sayf al-Din Ghazi who in turn succeeded Assem Qanso.
In the elections that year the party fielded four candidates in the 15 constituencies, but received just 34 votes and failed to win a seat.
On March 21, 2013 party leader Shozaburo Jimi announced that he was disbanding the party.
The BNF was largely a regional party associated with the Ngwaketse region in the 1970s, but it gradually gained support in other parts of the country.
In 2002 another HSLS faction split from the party after party leader Dražen Budiša announced pulling out of the ruling coalition.
The Botswana National Front has been the main opposition party in Botswana since the 1969 elections.
However, the creation of the new umbrella organization effectively created a split and the organization became a political party of its own.
The Liberal Conservative Reformers is a conservative political party in Germany which was known from July 2015 to November 2016 as ALFA.
continued to lead the rump SDP, which was joined by PSP assembly members.
The Democratic Social-Revolutionary Party of Cuba is a democratic socialist political party in Cuba.
The newly formed Centre Democrats represented the more moderate faction of the Centre Party, but espoused an anti-immigration and nationalist ideology.
Today the party is led by another member of the Hakim family, Sayyid Ammar al-Hakim.
The Czech National Socialist Party, abbreviated to ČSNS 2005, is a centre-left nationalist political party in the Czech Republic.
Today COPPPAL is the most important forum of political parties in Latin America and the Caribbean.
After King Alexander declared a dictatorship on January 6, 1929 the party was abandoned and officially ceased to exist by police decree on January 21.
Its first electoral contest was the European Parliament election, 2014, in which it failed to secure a seat.
Its most prominent leader was George Reid, who was the fourth Prime Minister of Australia.
The Protestant Unionist Party was a unionist political party operating in Northern Ireland from 1966 to 1971.
However, Pheu Thai Party rejected a possible government participation of BJT members.
It was founded on January 13, 1946, by Rafael Caldera, who later served as president under the party's banner.
Herriko Alderdi Sozialista was a revolutionary socialist Basque political party, with presence only in the French Basque Country.
The party was deregistered by the Electoral Commission on 20 May 2016.
The Union contested the 2011 presidential and parliamentary elections.
Its current Secretary General is José Vega Antonio.
President of PSD is Minister for Foreign Affairs Zacarias da Costa since 7 December 2008.
The PRP was highly regarded as a progressive left of center political party.
They also had a seat in the European Parliament 1978–79.
The vice-presidential candidate for the ALN-PC was Fabricio Cajina, formerly a member of the FSLN.
From its inception LDP was a strong ally of the Grand Alliance.
Moungar was chosen as Prime Minister in April 1993 by the Sovereign National Conference, but subsequently lost an October 1993 vote of no-confidence and resigned.
Socialist Alternative is a German Trotskyist organization and the German section of the Committee for a Workers' International.
The movement is part of the anti-Syrian Qornet Shehwan Gathering and the March 14 Alliance.
Jean-Marie Le Pen was the party's first leader and the undisputed centre of the party from its start until his resignation in 2011.
It claims to represent the Marathi-speaking people in the region.
The Unionist Anti-Partition League was a unionist political organisation in Ireland which campaigned for a united Ireland within the United Kingdom.
Party of Labor) was a political party soon after the independence of Ukraine.
The PFLOAG's activities were at its peak in the Dhofar Rebellion in Oman.
In addition, out of 10 towns in Istria county, IDS rules over 9.
NeSDP launched a single candidate in the election, Lamboklang Mylliem in the Jirang constituency.
In the mid-1960s the U.S. State Department estimated the party membership to be approximately 2500.
In the 2013 election the National Party obtained the largest number of seats in Congress and municipalities.
The party was led by anti-establishment investigative journalist and writer Radek John, and later by Jiří Kohout.
The Saint Vincent and the Grenadines Green Party is a green political party in Saint Vincent and the Grenadines.
The Janata Dal was a political party in India.
The Conservative Party) was an Ecuadorian conservative party formed in 1869.
The Democratic Party is a social-democratic and social-liberal political party in Serbia.
It was the leading political party of the pre-independence era, becoming the sole legal party of the First Republic.
It has developed from the tradition of Islamism, but has officially abandoned this ideology in favour of "conservative democracy".
After the downfall of IU, PCdelP-PR launched New Left Movement as its electoral front.
However, one party candidate was elected to the Senate in the 1998 federal election, and four One Nation senators were elected in the 2016 federal election.
Latchanna and Chenna Reddy became leaders of the Andhra Pradesh unit of the Swatantra Party.
In foreign policy it is strongly Atlanticist, and pro-globalization.
In 2005, the Left Alliance, which united the Labour Party, solidaritéS and the Independents, broke up because of political differences.
The Marxist Workers Bloc was the sole group in Latin America with a formal link to the International Communist Opposition.
The party adopted its current name on 24 June 2000.
It hosts a bimonthly luncheon in Washington, D.C.
It is led by Jasbir Singh Rode.
An Auckland branch was established in 2013.
Moupo himself has emphasized the need to help the poor escape from poverty.
The key goals of the party were:
National Democracy of Centre was later renamed as National Party on December 3, 1991.
The Eelam Revolutionary Organisation of Students, also known as the Eelam Revolutionary Organisers, is a former Tamil militant group in Sri Lanka.
The Khmer Anti-Poverty Party is a Cambodian political party founded in September 2007.
In the latter part of the 20th century, the organisation was known as the Blue Rinse Brigade.
The Socialist Environmental Alliance was a political party which operated in Northern Ireland, based largely in the city of Derry.
At the last general elections, 20 May 2004, the party was part of the Mgwirizano Coalition, that won 27 out of 194 seats.
It was formally founded in November 1922 after the adoption of the party's manifesto that was unveiled on October 13, 1922.
The goal of the party was the annexation of Italy to the United States.
The Internationalist Democratic Party is a political party in the Republic of India, working in Jammu & Kashmir, Punjab and Rajasthan.
Merton Park Ward Residents' Association is a residents association in London, England.
A court postponed the appeal of the dissolution of the alliance until 13 November 2014.
At the October 2006 elections, Noboa was the party's presidential candidate again.
In 2014 the PP won 1 seat in the chamber of representatives and 1 seat in the Walloon Parliament.
The PR lost its influence to the point that when the 1990 election was held, the party captured only one seat in the Congress.
They distinguish themselves from other "traditional Left" groups by emphasizing their organization's focus on an immediate task, rather than merely being an "intellectually-enlightning sectarian organization".
BDP was sometimes referred to as "the Chief's party," referring to Sir Seretse Khama, the first President of Botswana.
The party's platform is characterised by its strongly restrictive immigration policies, as well as its emphasis on law and order and on popular referenda.
Although perceived as an upsetting contender, the LCC effectively seconded the Democratic Peasants' Party–Stere.
In 1982, it formed a resistance pact, the Coalition Government of Democratic Kampuchea, together with the Khmer People's National Liberation Front and the Khmer Rouge.
After integration into the Czechoslovak Social Democratic Labour Party in 1918, the Slovak Executive Committee enjoyed substantial autonomy.
Pak Hon-yong and other leaders of WPSK in North Korea were later purged.
In the parliamentary election of 2010 this increased to three representatives and 0.7% of the national vote.
Four days later, the Popular Unity Party merged into the Yemeni Socialist Party.
In 1994 it was merged with another pro-democracy party Meeting Point to form the contemporary Democratic Party.
The Green Party of Aotearoa New Zealand is a left-wing political party in New Zealand.
Lehi, often known pejoratively as the Stern Gang, was a Zionist paramilitary organization founded by Avraham Stern in Mandatory Palestine.
The party finds its support base mainly among the OBC communities of the Varanasi region.
The election symbol of the party was a flower.
Its symbol was a black shield with a star and a little flying eagle above.
Unlike other socialist parties in Turkey, they often criticise Marxism for being Eurocentrist.
In 1992 it merged into Synaspismos when the latter transformed from a coalition to a single party.
Polish Christian Democratic Party, was a political party of Polish right wing christian democracy faction existing in the first year of the Second Polish Republic.
In 1863 a group of liberal split off to form the Radical Party which would hold power from 1938 to 1952.
On 2 June 2005, the nation’s 50-member parliament voted unanimously to allow and operate political parties in Maldives.
The party had hoped to force a coalition in the Western Cape, but the DA's share of the vote in fact grew after the election.
Under many different names, it gradually broadened its politics from a focus on women's suffrage to eventually become a left communist grouping.
She had run a conservative pressure group called Family Solidarity.
The former party chairman József Kasza was an honorary president of the party until his title was revoked because of various disagreements on party issues.
R4U is based in the Uttlesford administrative district in Essex.
Paolo Ignazio Maria Thaon di Revel was sent to the US to organize the Fasci into the FLNA.
Its electoral base is the urban middle class.
The groups comprise all the deputies and the senators, respectively, who are not members of any other parliamentary group.
Acting without Bello Bouba's approval, UNDP Vice-President Célestin Bedzigui held discussions with SDF Vice-Chairman Maïdadi Saïdou in 2002 about how to achieve democratic change in Cameroon.
The party supported Tekebayev in the 2000 Presidential elections, where he came second with 14%.
It was registered at the Ministry of Interior on November 30, 1999, with offices in Barcelona.
The ICFI publishes daily news articles, perspectives and commentaries on the World Socialist Web Site and maintains a publishing house, Mehring Books.
The Pirate Party of Chile is yet to be approved by the national Electoral Service.
Democratic Left was a left-wing political party in Ireland between 1992 and 1999.
Ironically, Boutros Ghali's assassin was a Watani sympathizer.
The New Future Coalition Party was a Norwegian political party, which was founded by Member of Parliament Finn Thoresen in 1993.
In the 21 January and 4 February 2007 Senate election, the APP won 1 out of 56 seats.
The youth wing of PCC was the Collectives of Young Communists – Communist Youth.
Tripura Upajati Juba Samiti was a political party in the Indian state of Tripura during 1967–2001.
However, the non-Labor parties narrowly failed to dislodge the incumbent Dunstan Labor government.
The merger was approved by the general assemblies of both parties in Pärnu on 4 June 2006.
These roles are currently held by Gustav Fridolin and Isabella Lövin.
Its history can be divided into three periods: Early Musavat, Musavat-in-exile and New Musavat.
The People's Progressive Party is a moderate political party in the Gambia.
The Prohibition Party is a political party in the United States best known for its historic opposition to the sale or consumption of alcoholic beverages.
This initiative was supported by political parties like Anova-Nationalist Brotherhood, United Left and the local circle of Podemos in the city of Ferrol.
The Front Party was a socialist political party in Lithuania established in 2008 by Algirdas Paleckis.
By October 2012, the party had registered 67,345 members and won three civic seats in Bungoma and Trans Nzoia.
The DMKP was mainly based in Uttar Pradesh.
Its candidate Jacobo Bucaram Ortiz won 11.9% of the vote in the presidential elections of the same day, coming in 6th place.
As a response to the formation of the People's Party, in 1907 loyalists organised themselves into the True People's Party.
It is the largest party of the right wing in Armenia, and claims to have 140,000 members.
SERP's ideology was based particularly upon "autonomism".
The party attracted activist from social movements, specially environmentalists, feminists, gays, youth, etc.
The Republican Union was French parliamentary group, founded in 1871 as a heterogeneus alliance of moderate radicals, former Communards and opponents to the French-Prussian Treaty.
APRE won 3 major offices in the 2004 municipal elections.
Its leader was Corrado Passera, a former manager, banker, supporter of the centre-left Olive Tree coalition and minister of Economic Development in Monti Cabinet.
The Iraqi Communist Party were removed from the NPF in 1979 while the Kurdish Democratic Party suffered restrictions when Saddam Hussein came to power after 1979.
In the First Republic it maintained a steady alliance with Zikist National Council of Nigeria and the Cameroons against the Northern People's Congress-dominated Federal Government.
It is known for its activism amongst what it regards as the Ethnic Macedonian minority in Greece and their descendants abroad.
The party has been in opposition since it was formed.
According to the Encyclopedia of British and Irish Political Organizations, the group probably had its roots in the Socialist Sunday Schools.
The New Zealand Labour Party was formed in 1916 by various socialist parties and trade unions.
Endavant - Organització Socialista d'Alliberament Nacional; commonly referred to only as Endavant) is an independentist, socialist and feminist political party in the Catalan Countries.
The Christians Party is a conservative Christian political party in Norway founded in 2011.
They described themselves as a progressive socialist organisation and stated that their formation was prompted by the need for a strong opposition to the government.
UNO won the elections with 54% of the vote.
The party has no coherent ideology; however, it embraces specific politicians and officials with a variety of political views who support the administration.
On 31 March 2015, DGP's leader and only MP İdris Bal resigned and left the party.
During the first nationwide general election in 1947, the YCP won more than 100 seats in the National Assembly and 16 seats in the Legislative Yuan.
The Bridge Party of Canada was a Canadian political party.
The current status of the party is unclear.
The Cornish Nationalist Party, Cornish: An Parti Kenethlegek Kernow, is a political party, founded by Dr James Whetter, who campaigned for independence for Cornwall.
The movement was formed on 21 September 2012.
At the last legislative elections, December 2000, the party won one seat.
The two parties and the ACA merged to form Fine Gael in September, just eleven months after the formation of the National Centre Party.
It was founded in 1921, was declared illegal in 1950 by the governing National Party, and participated in the struggle against ending the apartheid system.
It was founded in 1916 as the political representation of the trade unions of Iceland.
The party foundation was announced on 29 May 2007 during a press conference and renamed on 11 December 2016.
The Rashtravadi Janata Party, is a political party in India.
MIUP was founded and registered on 14 September 2007 and then launched on 25 November 2007 by Nallakaruppan Solaimalai or better known as K.S.
By the time the decision was made to ban him, it was too late for the FRG to choose another candidate.
The Values Party was a New Zealand political party.
Australia Party members who later entered federal parliament as Australian Democrats senators included Colin Mason, John Siddons, Sid Spindler and Jean Jenkins.
The LDPR, formerly the Liberal Democratic Party of Russia, is a Far-Right political party in the Russian Federation.
The party participated in the October 2007 parliamentary election, but did not win any seats
The Party of Democratic Action of Sandžak is a political party that represents the Bosniak ethnic majority in the Sandžak region of Serbia.
In November 2012, it merged with the Equality and Democracy Party to form the Greens and the Left Party of the Future.
The party had 52 members in the 111-seat National Parliament of Papua New Guinea as of November 2016.
The organisation was founded by photographer Raymond Whitehead.
The Sopi Coalition was the governing political alliance in Senegal during the presidency of Abdoulaye Wade.
Other tenets include opposition to the EU and its expansion, pornography, genetic engineering, nuclear energy, heavy freight transportation and euthanasia.
Now the Turnbull Government, the party had been elected at the 2013 federal election as the Abbott Government which took office on 18 September 2013.
FDPR consisted of the Action Party, the Italian Communist Party, the Italian Socialist Party and the Italian Republican Party.
The Wa National Unity Party is a political party in Myanmar.
Baby Ambatt was appointed general secretary of the party in May 2010.
The party surged in 1964 following a split in the Ceylon Communist Party.
Vladimir Rylyakov, one of the leaders of the OSTK, became leader of the new party.
On 16 March 2015, Neamțu announced he was stepping down to focus more on his family.
The party was initially called Indonesian National Party - Merdeka, and was formed in July 1950 after a split within the Indonesian National Party.
The party was founded as the Left Revolutionary Front in 1983, this was dissolved in 2005 and merged with the student activist movement Ruptura to Ruptura/FER.
The first party congress is scheduled for 4/5 October 2008, and it is due to approve the party's program and statutes.
Until the aftermath of the Orange Revolution in 2004 it was continuously the largest single party in the Ukrainian parliament.
The party leader is Hitendra Thakur, a former Independent candidate and current member of the Maharashtra legislative assembly.
However, it failed to get any seats in the Constituent Assembly of Lithuania in 1920.
In the Qandil Cabinet, one minister was a member of the Renaissance Party.
With the Greek political spectrum shifting to the left, EDIK was increasingly marginalized, with PASOK replacing it as the country's second major party.
HEMP is based in Nimbin, New South Wales, the centre of Australia's cannabis culture.
Today, Álvaro Noboa is seen as a political, economic and social leader in Ecuador.
In 2017, Panthers Party contested elections in Punjab, and Uttar Pradesh, and reconstituted its branch in Rajasthan, headed by Ashok Bapna.
The coalition aims for the official recognition of Moroccan Arabic in Ceuta.
Its membership was drawn from ethnic Pashtuns, and its ideology from the Muslim Brotherhood and Abul Ala Maududi's Jamaat-e-Islami.
It is currently led by Epitace Banyaganakandi.
The party was registered on 24 October 2014.
The party was founded in late autumn 2005, when the chairman Anthon Frederiksen delivered 1,003 signatures to the Home Rule domestic office.
The general secretary of OSU is Jigme N Kazi.
The policy-making organs are the Politburo, Secretariat and the Central Committee.
The party has a growing number of elected local and provincial politicians and supplies a relatively large proportion of mayors, who are appointed.
Karbi Anglong NC Hills People's Resistance is the armed wing of the organization.
Thus Transnistria is currently functioning without adopted state budget for the first time in its history.
Their political arm is an ancestor of the modern-day Likud.
Leslie Cummings was recorded as party leader from its first registration until 2015.
In the 2015 general election, it fielded 37 candidates in Mon and Shan State, and the Ayeyarwady, Magway, Mandalay, Sagaing, and Yangon regions.
In its founding manifesto the organization declared itself as progressive, democratic, republican, cooperative and social-christian.
Prior to 19 April 2008 it was known as Spirit, and intermediately as Flemish Progressives.
On 6 November, Karimov was unanimously chosen as the Liberal Democratic Party's presidential candidate at a party convention in Tashkent, and Karimov accepted the nomination.
The Belarusian Independence Bloc is one of three major opposition coalitions in Belarus.
Aruaa is a social organisation in Abkhazia uniting veterans of the 1992-1993 war with Georgia.
In 1953 it reformed as the United Conservative Party and in 1966 joined with the Liberal Party to form the National Party.
The Kenya African Democratic Union was a political party in Kenya.
The faction led by Sudesh Mahto started using the name of parent organization - All Jharkhand Students Union.
“The ideological lines of liberalism and conservatism have never coincided with actual party lines.
The Egypt 2000 Party is a small Egyptian political party with a membership of around 165 members.
Arunachal Congress, was a break-away group of Arunachal Congress.
Mauri Pacific was a short-lived political party in New Zealand.
Among its main goals are animal rights and animal welfare, though it claims not to be a single-issue party.
Unión Popular is a political party in Argentina rooted in Peronism and a current of Justicialist Party.
Under Farid's leadership, the party supported the monarchy, law and order policies and statism, especially after the Prime Minister Boutros Ghali's assassination in 1910.
It emphasises working-class political independence, radical democracy and anti-Stalinism.
Mixed Group is a parliamentary group active in both houses of the Italian Parliament, the Chamber of Deputies and the Senate.
One of Khuddamul Furqans top members Maulavi Arsala Rahmani was assassinated in Kabul on May 13, 2012.
The actual membership size and level of support for the organization is difficult to gauge because it is actively suppressed in the PRC.
The plan was subsequently modified to include a replacement cinema, with a three screen cinema.
The PSD was formed in 2005 by a merger of the Sammarinese Socialist Party, the oldest political party in the country, and the Party of Democrats.
The party states its distance from the FDP and its economic liberalism, and aims to create a programme based on social liberalism.
The party had links with labour parties in Penang, Malacca, Perak and Singapore.
The Party for Democracy and Reconciliation is a small political party in Burundi.
In 2010, when the elections for LAHDC, Leh, was round the corner, LUTF merged into Bhartiya Janata Party.
BJP Mahila Morcha is the Women's Wing of the Bharatiya Janata Party.
The Zagorje Party is a regional political party in Croatia.
The Greens are ethnically mixed and strive to improve the relations between the three language groups of the Province: Italian-, German- and Ladin-speakers.
Representatives Mark Takano, Steve Stivers, Tim Ryan, Susan Brooks.
The party gave informal local and eventually national support to the Christian Democrats from the late 1940s and through the 1950s, sharing anti-communist ideologies.
In the 2011 parliamentary election, the party won six seats in the Croatian Parliament.
On 10 June 2014 the Ministry of Justice of Moldova announced that it had not recognised this action.
Rikken Minseitō was one of the main political parties in pre-war Empire of Japan.
However, in 2014, four members of the parliament resigned from the party and three of them joined the National Unity Party.
The party's ideology combined "patriotism, nationalism, and a greater role for the government in the economy", and is described as "far-right".
The African Party for the Independence of Guinea and Cape Verde is a political party in Guinea-Bissau.
The Conservative Party, abbreviated to KONS, is a small centre-right political party in the Czech Republic.
Akhil Bharatiya Ram Rajya Parishad was a right-wing orthodox-Hindu Indian political party founded by Swami Karpatri in 1948.
The Social Democratic Power was a Bolivian political party based on pro-business goals.
In 1998 the PPT supported the first presidential candidacy of Hugo Chávez.
Livni was defeated in the 2012 leadership election, losing out to the more conservative Shaul Mofaz.
The Workers Revolutionary Party is a communist party in Namibia led by Attie Beukes and Harry Boesak.
That's over one billion six hundred million dollars.
In August 2006, however, Jiyane was suspended by the party for misconduct.
During its first years, when led by William Aberhart, it was a radical monetary reform party, at least in theory if not in effect.
The United Democrats is a liberal political party in Cyprus.
In addition, there are currently autonomous, state-based body corporates operating as chapters in Queensland, Victoria, Tasmania and Western Australia.
The party has only gotten 3.736 votes in the general election of April 2008, introducing its lists only for the Senate.
The President and some leaders of PTCA were assassinated by the extremist group of the ABSU.
Its director is Yanar Mohammed, who is also a co-founder of the organization.
In November 2010, four of the former Poland Plus members – Libicki, Tomczak, Lucjan Karasiewicz, and Andrzej Walkowiak – joined Poland Comes First.
The party newspaper is a monthly circulation "Dawn".
The party contains the most registered members of any political organization in the Democratic Republic of the Congo as of 2008, with 45 million members.
Medrek is an Ethiopian opposition political coalition founded in 2008 which contested the Ethiopian general election, 2010.
On 25 December 2012 the Supreme Council voted against the project of the state budget proposed by the government.
The Social Democratic Party is a political party in Gabon.
The party is based in Subotica, Zagrebačka 1 Street.
The Movement for a United Communist Party of Greece was a minor Greek political organisation.
Oromo People's Congress, chaired by Merera Gudina
Bharatiya Navshakti Party, is a political party in India.
Conservative Women's Organisation, abbreviated to CWO, represents the women members of the Conservative Party in England, Wales, and Northern Ireland.
The Japan Nation Party is a minor nationalist party in Japan that was founded in 1988.
It is running on a joint list with the Madeira-based Labour Party in the 2015 parliamentary elections.
The Arab League, United States, France, the Gulf Cooperation Council, Canada, Japan, the Netherlands, and Israel have classified Hezbollah as a terrorist organization.
Its bank account for financial support is based in San Juan, Puerto Rico - although the movement itself works in Cuba.
It is unclear whether the party is still active.
The term can be used to identify politicians, political parties and individuals.
The Democratic Coalition is a centre-left political party in Hungary led by former Prime Minister Ferenc Gyurcsány.
Currently the party has 63 MSPs, 35 MPs and over 400 local councillors.
Eventually, through Liberal Democracy, the Republicans joined the Union for a Popular Movement in 2002.
In his book The Third Man, Don Chipp recalls attending a March 1977 meeting convened by John Siddons and attended by
Socialist League Vpered was a radical left-wing political organisation in Russia.
After Abdul Aziz al-Hakim's death in 2009 his son Ammar al-Hakim became the group's new leader.
The MSC was founded in exile the 14 of January 1945 by ex-members of the POUM, PSUC and Republican Left of Catalonia.
The party was re-established when Lithuania declared independence in 1990.
It is the ruling party, and is led by Emomalii Rahmon, the current President of Tajikistan.
The Socialist Party is a Peruvian political party founded in 2005.
The Christian Democratic Party, is a Christian democratic political party in Norway founded in 1933.
GAB was politically tied to the Communist Party of Spain).
The Hmar People's Conference supported the MSF candidate.
In that election, the first two women were elected as CCFers to the Ontario Legislature, Agnes Macphail and Rae Luckock.
It is formed by six parties: PSDB, Democrats, Brazilian Labour Party, Socialist People's Party, Party of National Mobilization and Labour Party of Brazil.
Its acronym, laia is also the Basque name of an agricultural tool.
Since April 2017, URA is led by Dritan Abazović who is also serving as one of the two URA MPs in the Parliament of Montenegro.
The Liberal Party of Canada, colloquially known as the Grits, is the oldest federal political party in Canada.
Leaders of the party included Sam Mayer, Gyula Nagy, Géza Borovszky and Jószef Földessy.
Its ruling committee led by Igor Muradyan was organized in the same month, and Levon Ter-Petrossian incorporated in the ruling body in May 1988.
The Business and Professionals Alliance for Hong Kong is a pro-business pro-Beijing political party in Hong Kong.
The former members created the Bread and Freedom Party in late November 2013.
Members of Tamarod will run as independents in the 2015 Egyptian parliamentary election.
Although their majority was lost in the 1969 elections, the 56 seats won by the Alignment remains the highest seat total won in an Israeli election.
Nagorik Shakti or Citizens' Power was a proposed political party in Bangladesh.
The Federation of Green Parties of Africa is an umbrella body of the various national Green parties and environmental parties in Africa.
The party refuses to be characterized as being left or right and claims adherence to humanist values.
The Resistance Patriots Maï-Maï is a political party in the Democratic Republic of Congo.
For the Proportional Representation vote the party submitted a list of 100 candidates, headed by Anirudra Thapa.
The Evangelical People's Party was a minor progressive Protestant political party in the Netherlands.
There have been three Christian Democrat presidents in the past, Eduardo Frei Ruiz-Tagle, Patricio Aylwin, and Eduardo Frei Montalva.
Its youth wing was the Young Progressive Democrats.
In 1936 Peres Aznar, a PCP deputy in the Cortes, was elected president of CADCI.
All for Peru, previously named National Coordinator of Independents is a Peruvian political party.
Its surviving members reorganised themselves as a political party, and it continues to function as such today.
The list is led by Jawad al-Bolani.
The Communist Party of Italy was a communist political party in Italy which existed from 1921 to 1926.
The Russian Social Democratic Labour Party) was a political party in Russia.
It was founded on 30 September 1981, by Roberto D'Aubuisson and Mercedes Gloria Salguero Gross.
The Party has participated in every government of Latvia since the 2011 parliamentary election to avoid Harmony Center from entering leading coalition.
They opposed the separatist views of the Occitan Nationalist Party.
The party took part in almost every Czech Government since 1990.
It was formed from part of the Solidarity Electoral Action, with the Christian democratic Centre Agreement forming the new party's core.
Their claims of standing in the centre of the political landscape have thus been disputed by political scientists.
Nepal Workers Peasants Party is a communist party in Nepal.
Free Egyptians Party is the largest party in the House of Representatives.
The movement had difficulties in handling the rising Pan-Arabist nationalism.
It had a number of right-wing populist policies, without opposing immigrants, but a proportion of its small membership was closer to the centre-left.
On August 6, 2010 CPN(ML) suffered another split regarding the candidate to be chosen in upcoming Prime Ministerial election.
SOS did not stand any candidates in the 2010 parliamentary elections, instead urging its supporters once again to support the Green Party.
However, the party continued to exist through various party cells.
The New Liberal Party was a political party in Israel in the early 1990s.
Agudat Yisrael began as a political party representing orthodox Jews in Poland, originating in the Agudath Israel movement in Upper Silesia.
The United Nigeria People's Party was a political party in Nigeria formed and led by Chief Donald Etiebet during General Sani Abacha's military era.
The coalition, led by Laurent Nouvion, is composed mostly of the conservative Rally & Issues political party along with Synergie Monegasque and Union for the Principality.
Ideologically a catch-all grouping of centre-left and left wing parties, the alliance also aimed to represent the interests of Russians in Latvia.
The political initiative of the Reformers addresses all democratic, progressive people, all young people who intend to contribute in shaping the future with drive and knowledge.
The MEP alliance fell apart Mr I.M.R.A.
The Pirate Party of Belgium is a political party in Belgium.
He was elected in 2016 a member of the National Council of the sixth convocation of the Minsk region.
On 23 August Farouk Jabre was elected president of the movement with Antoine Haddad and Malek Mrowa as Vice Presidents.
The coalition broke in 2005 as a result of opposition to the policies of Res Publica's minister of justice Vaher.
The UCR is a member of the Socialist International.
Disagreement over the Belfast Agreement continued between the UDP leadership and the UDA, and within the UDP itself.
DSAP was fiercely opposed to the pro-National Socialist Young German Party, which had its base in Bielsko.
This resulted in Bulgaria becoming the first of the defeated states to join the League of Nations in 1920.
In the 2014 election it won 29 seats.
The leader of the party is Stanislovas Buškevičius.
Prior to 1985 it was called the Ecology Party, and before that PEOPLE.
It is primarily associated with the Sindhi religious leader Pir Pagara.
The Workers' Party is a Trotskyist political party in Algeria, closely linked with the Independent Workers' Party of France.
After the elections, the Phalang Chon Party agreed to participate in a five-party coalition government, dominated by the Pheu Thai Party and led by Yingluck Shinawatra.
This led to an electoral pact for the 2013 general election, under which Tremonti and his followers were included in Lega Nord's lists.
AES doesn't use symbols of Franco's regime, though have ideas that agree with policies of the regime.
This split was caused by disagreement between the five UKUP members of the Northern Ireland Assembly.
Valencian Community: 11,062 votes - 13 councillors and 1 mayor
The Italian Pirate Party is a political party in Italy, founded on 16 September 2006, modelled on the Pirate Party of Sweden, founded earlier that year.
1935 to 1937 which remained active until May 1941, when the coup d'état of pro-Nazi Rashid Ali al-Gaylani failed.
In its two decades of existence, the Whig Party had two of its candidates, Harrison and Taylor, elected president.
In the 1880s, enclosure was still in process in the Scottish Highlands, and resistance to it often received support from radicals around Britain and Ireland.
The Dutch Peoples-Union is a Dutch political party.
Religious leaders from all sects Sunni Barelvi, Deobandi, Ahle Hadith, Shia Progressive and politically Communists were the members of Majlis-e-Ahrar.
BRP is most active in Vidarbha, specifically in Akola district.
In the January 2010 presidential election party leader Manamendra stood as the party's candidate getting 0.09% of votes.
It is the largest national section of the Co-ordinating Committee for the Refoundation of the Fourth International.
The Civic Initiative of Gora has stated that they want Gora to join the Community of Serb municipalities.
Civic List is a liberal and classical liberal extra-parliamentary political party in Slovenia, led by Gregor Virant.
In the 2012 election it regained control of government.
The National Unity Party is a political party in Myanmar.
The future of the party is in doubt after the 2016 elections as the party failed to secure enough votes to be eligible for state funding.
The CDP supported the unsuccessful presidential candidacy of Chaban-Delmas in 1974 presidential election.
He has predicted that within 20 years there will be a war in Britain between the white working class and immigrants.
It is affiliated with the New Democratic Front and the Social Democratic Party.
The Caprivi Alliance Party was a political party in Namibia.
The United People's Party was an agrarian political party in the People's Republic of Poland.
The Communist Party of Pakistan is a communist party in Pakistan.
They were part of the Jacobin movement—though not every Girondin was a member of the actual Jacobin Club—until they were accused of monarchism and purged.
CPSL and LSSP has threatened to revive PA as a separate front, not that has not occurred so far.
In November 2014, Pastörs was ousted and Frank Franz became the party's leader.
The Sunni, liberal, and secularist party was founded as the Iraqi Homeland Party in Jordan in 1995 by exiles from Saddam's regime.
Ahmed's son, Hafiz Akif Saeed assumed the leadership role of the organization after the voluntary resignation of the founder in 2002.
The New National Party is a conservative political party in Grenada.
In the 2009 elections, Gil did not receive sufficient votes for representation in the Knesset.
In the European Parliament election, 2013 A-HSP received 2350 votes which was not enough to gain a seat.
The Orange Democratic Movement is a political party in Kenya.
Finally in January 2009 the National Congress of the Canaries formed a new youth section under the name Juventudes del Congreso Nacional de Canarias.
It is an eurosceptic party with leftist aspirations.
In the Finnish parliamentary election of 2011, Change 2011 got 0.26% of total votes.
They claim that president Vladimir Putin destroys democracy institutions and aims to establish an authoritarian police state in Russia.
Five incumbent MPs contested the election under this banner: Peter Reidy, Edward Alfred Anstey and William David Ponder, Frederick Coneybeer and Thomas Hyland Smeaton.
Sakigake supported the following Tsutomu Hata Cabinet, but didn't join the Cabinet.
The party failed to win any seats in the National Assembly following elections held on 26 March 2006.
It stayed in power until 1971, one of the longest unbroken runs in government at the provincial level in Canada.
The PRS was a "reformist socialist" party located between the SFIO and the Radical Socialist Party.
The One Cook Islands Movement, formerly known as "Cook Islands One" is a political party in the Cook Islands.
It was created by future President of France, Valéry Giscard d'Estaing.
It has historically been the most outspokenly pro-European Union party in Norway, supporting Norwegian membership during both the 1972 and 1994 referendums.
As part of the coalition agreement with Podemos, the name on the ballot paper for both the 2015 and 2016 general elections was Podemos–En Marea–Anova–EU.
As of the 2011 election, the party had no seats in the Polish parliament.
The first socialist party in Ireland, it was founded in 1892 by a conference of Belfast Independent Labour activists and trade unionists.
The Workers Socialist League was a Trotskyist group in Britain.
The party describes itself as Basque nationalist, democratic, popular, progressive and non-denominational party.
In the 17 February 2007 parliamentary election, the party won 62 out of 120 seats.
After World War II, the party settled as one of the four major political parties in Finland.
The party is part of a new alliance called the Egyptian Alliance; it was not intended to replace the National Alliance to Support Legitimacy.
The Party of Regions is a centrist pro-Russia political party of Ukraine created in late 1997 that then grew to be the biggest party of Ukraine.
Democratic Party of Vojvodina Hungarians; Serbian: Demokratska stranka vojvođanskih Mađara, Демократска странка војвођанских Мађара) is an ethnic Hungarian political party in Serbia, led by Béla Csorba.
The Centre Party was represented in the German parliament until 1957.
Eleven out of thirty-eight of the Labour Parliamentary MPs showed support for the British Workers League; however, many later returned to the Labour Party.
Cave pictures, probably by Neolithic people, are found in Pandavanpara, located in the North east side of Neyyattinkara towards Karakonam route.
They also stood in London at the European Parliament election, 2014, campaigning for council tax and business rates reform, and universal university education.
The party was dissolved shortly after the dissolution of the union with Sweden in 1905.
Most of the EROS membership was absorbed into the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam in 1990.
The name UNEN is an acronym of "Unión y Encuentro".
No one was killed in the incident though.
After the death of Healy in 1989, the party declined, and in 1990 expelled a group which became the Communist League.
It was officially registered as a full political party in June 2006.
JBSP allied themselves with Bharatiya Janata Party and joined the National Democratic Alliance.
Numerous former members of the Chart Thai Party joined the Chart Thai Patthana Party.
It won in the 18 March 2012 Territorial Council elections 16 out of 19 seats.
The party opposed both the proposed consumption tax increase and the Trans-Pacific Partnership Free Trade Agreement.
Members have historically faced repression in both Swaziland and South Africa.
The bottom line is to preserve the Russians’ right to elect a responsible government, both in presidential and parliamentary elections."
The doctrine of the party was ostensibly based on Ngô Đình Nhu's Person Dignity Theory or Personalism and Emmanuel Mounier's Personalism.
Broadly speaking, the era was characterized by a democratic spirit, and built upon Jackson's equal political policy.
Possible's progressive platform is a mixture of social democracy, green politics, social liberalism and elements of participatory democracy.
Along with the Nationalist Party, the Labour Party is one of two major contemporary political parties in Malta.
News of the merger were carried by Czechoslovak and East German press.
As of 2006, about 80% of Gerakan's members are ethnic Chinese, another 15% are Indian, and the rest are Malays or other races.
The party was led by Iurie Roșca from 1994 until 2011.
Cumann na nGaedheal, sometimes spelt Cumann na nGaedhael, was a political party in the Irish Free State, which formed the government from 1923 to 1932.
The founder president of this party is Sangay Ngedup, the former prime minister and agriculture minister of the Royal Government of Bhutan.
BaKSAL was dissolved after the assassination of Sheikh Mujibur Rahman.
Although Stirling personally is a Unionist, in a statement he said "The position of Scotland within the union is not central to this movement."
The People's Reconciliation Party is a minor political party in Burundi.
Best known former party members are former Prime Minister Mykola Azarov and former President of Ukraine Viktor Yanukovych.
The LCI and PRT were both part of the reunified Fourth International.
In 1980 PCE fused with Workers' Communist Party to form the Unified Communist Party of Spain.
Godi is the current leader of the APC in parliament.
The Agrarian Party of Russia is an agrarian political party in Russia.
freedom of the press and open politics
In the 1980s, the Jamaat joined the multi-party alliance for the restoration of democracy.
He had aimed his party to become a "strong voice of Greeks" in European parliament.
The party currently participates in the government of Moana Carcasses.
In the beginning of 1950 the Union of Independents of Côte d'Ivoire merged into EDICI.
Formed in 1978 through the merger of the Party of Labour of Catalonia and the Marxist Unification Movement.
Croatian Christian Democratic Party is a political party in Croatia with the goal that Croatia will become a state with Christian ideals.
The League of Communists of Macedonia is a communist party in the Republic of Macedonia.
The Khmer National United Party is a Cambodian political party founded in February 2016 by Nhek Bun Chhay and former members of FUNCINPEC.
The Workers' Party of New Zealand was a minor political party in New Zealand.
The party ended up merging with the Communist Party of India.
The Social Democratic Party of Austria is a social-democratic political party in Austria.
In the months following the election, the party renamed itself as the Referendum Movement.
Using the provocative marching techniques popularised by Oswald Mosley, its members included a young John Tyndall.
Its leader and founder was Francesco Storace.
Backed by Iran, Hezbollah fighters fought against Serbian forces during the Bosnian War.
The international umbrella group of the party is the International Committee of the Fourth International.
In the legislative elections, 4 December 2005, the party won 8 out of 165 seats in the National Assembly.
On February 12, 2008,the People's First Party announced that it was merging with the Liberty Forward Party led by Lee Hoi-chang.
It demanded expansion of the power of the Urban Council and elected representatives in the Legislative Council for years.
It is registered with the Election Commission of India, but still unrecognized.
Instead candidates selected by members of both parties contest elections using the description of Labour and Co-operative Party.
VNV activists willingly contributed to the persecution of Jews and the Holocaust in Belgium.
Modern Thinkers Party of Islamic Iran is a conservative political party in Iran.
The Liberal and Country League was the major conservative party in South Australia from 1932 to 1974.
After a court-ordered recount, Culleton was replaced by the second candidate on the WA list, Peter Georgiou.
The party never won representation since, and was dissolved in 2008 after years of electoral inactivity.
The party is running in the 2015 Egyptian parliamentary election.
The party is currently led by Alberto Anaya.
The CUP intended to copy the Japanese example and modernise the Ottoman Empire to end its status as the perpetual "sick man of Europe".
The current National Secretary of the FSP is Doug Barnes.
It was a significant player during the Greek Civil War, but ended up on the losing side and was consequently banned until 1974.
The Democratic Progressive Party is a political party in Singapore.
The Republican Party was a political party in Brazil.
K C Joseph, Antony Raju, P C Joseph and others have resigned from Kerala Congress and started talking with LDF.
This was well short of a majority, and Papagos refused to enter a coalition.
PPI was founded by the Indian Muslim Political Conference on 14 April 2003 at an "Azm-e-millat" convention in Aligarh.
It was founded in 1991 and was known as the Coalition of the Left and Progress until 2003.
The movement gained control of the country with a successful revolution in 1979 and ruled by decree until 1983.
The party was initially called Communist Party of Dahomey.
The Every Ghanaian Living Everywhere is a political party in Ghana.
The Leadership Council of the NDA includes the following organizations:
Socialist Alternative Future is a Trotskyist political party in the Czech Republic, founded in 1990 by students active in the events of the Velvet Revolution.
Its aim was to remove the administration of the City of Sydney from the control of the Australian Labor Party.
However, in 1936 the Punjab Socialist Party, along with the Punjab branch of the Communist Party of India, joined the Congress Socialist Party.
The most recent Republican presidential nominee, and currently the President, Mr. Donald Trump.
It advocates an unconditional basic income and emphasizes its anti-militarism.
In the 1945 Northern Ireland general election, the party won 5,497 votes and Harry Diamond took the Belfast Falls seat.
The Ulster Unionist Party is a unionist political party in Northern Ireland.
The party was led by Necmettin Erbakan.
The National Bolshevik Party operated from 1994 to 2007 as a Russian political party with a political program of National Bolshevism.
BVP are opponents of the bifurcation of Bihar and the creation of Jharkhand as a separate state.
In 1974 support for the party more than doubled, receiving 1.2% of the vote and winning its first seat.
The party was established in July 2008.
In the parliamentary election held on 21 April 2002, the party, allied to the ruling Patriotic Salvation Movement, won 12 out of 155 seats.
In the 2004 Uttar Pradesh Lok Sabha election, BKD participated with nine candidates, one of whom was Sri Ram Jeth Malani.
Since the late 1980s it has been largely inactive, but during the Syrian Civil War it has been fighting on the side of the Syrian government.
Mesfin Shiferraw is the chairman of the party.
Electoral Action of Poles in Lithuania is a political party in Lithuania.
Dveri were formed in 1999 as a Christian right-wing youth organisation gathered around the eponymous student magazine.
The party was founded and is headed by Boris Tadić, who was previously president of the Democratic Party and the former President of Serbia.
Democratic Liberal Party of Armenia or in abbreviation ADLA), was an Armenian political party established in Armenia after the declaration of independence in July 1991.
The Saskatchewan Party won 38 seats in the Legislative Assembly, and leader Brad Wall was sworn in as the province's 14th Premier on November 21, 2007.
On 31 July 2013 the URS was ousted from the government and became opposition.
They returned to Pakistan in 1986 and began carrying out entry work in the Pakistan Peoples Party as The Struggle.
They left, regained the RDG name and soon after joined the Socialist Alliance.
Two of Somaliland's first 3 presidents were from this party.
Derwentside Independents are a political party in the United Kingdom registered in 2001.
It was led by Joseph Triay and advocated a rapprochement with Spain.
The party decided not to stand any candidates in the 2001 general election, citing a lack of media attention.
In 2011, the party received defectors from PO, giving it representation in the Senate.
It calls for standing against attempts to reverse the revolution's social gains for labourers, the poor, and other low-income groups.
The IMRO – Bulgarian National Movement or IMRO-BNM is a nationalist political party in Bulgaria, founded in 1991.
In 2014, the party fielded candidates for the European election in the London constituency only.
One of the main opposition parties of Tajikistan, they boycotted both the 2006 and 2013 presidential elections.
It was subsequently re-established as the True Path Party in 1983.
The Drevviken Party is a local political party in Huddinge Municipality, Sweden.
Jharkhand Disom Party was a political party in India.
The British National Party was a far right political party that operated in the United Kingdom from 1960 to 1967.
The New Black Panther Party for Self-Defense is a U.S.-based ethnic political organization founded in Dallas, Texas, in 1989 which promotes Black Nationalism.
The newly formed SDS held its founding congress in Riga on 24 March 2002.
The AWB was formed in 1973 by Eugène Terre'Blanche and six other far-right Afrikaners.
LS was one of several parties that were formed when the Janata Dal crumbled in the mid-1990s.
It was formed out of the branches of the Indian Socialist Party in the areas ceded to the new state of Pakistan.
The Call of Egypt is an electoral alliance in Egypt that will compete in the 2015 Egyptian parliamentary election.
Since 1983 the list has won most of the races for both houses of the Italian Parliament.
She has left the DPJ again in 2016.
At the last legislative elections, December 16, 2001, the party won 1.1% of the vote but no seats.
PCRV did not support the revolutionary government of Thomas Sankara.
When the party is not in government, the party leader becomes the Leader of the Opposition.
The National Democratic Party was an Irish nationalist political party in Northern Ireland.
Brazilian Integralism supported a revival of spirituality in Brazil in the form of Brazilian nationalism to form a shared identity between Brazilians.
It has presented independent candidates on legislative elections.
In the 2015 Zila Panchayat election, BKD campaigned with 662 candidates across Uttar Pradesh, winning 50 seats.
The party was founded by former President of Cyprus George Vasiliou in 1993 as Kinima Eleftheron Dimokraton.
The party was officially dissolved by the Metropolitan Court of Budapest on 30 May 2003.
The National Popular Party was an antifascist political party in Romania, founded during World War II as the underground Union of Patriots.
Its candidate, Mustafa Arabacıoğlu, won 13.3% of the votes in the Northern Cyprus presidential elections on 17 April 2005.
The Democratic Progressive Party is a liberal political party in Taiwan, and the dominant party in the Pan-Green Coalition.
From that period onwards, the party was led by Ba Swe and Kyaw Nyein.
It was commonly known as the 'Minseitō'.
The Hang Dara Democratic Movement Party is a Cambodian political party whose leader was Hang Dara.
The party was launched in August 2014, and is led by Peter Whitmore.
The Tigrayan People's Liberation Front, known more commonly and sometimes as Weyane or Second Weyane the freedom of Tigray") is a political party in Tigray, Ethiopia.
However, it later reverted to its original name.
He left the party in December 2014.
The goal of PCP was the creation of a Catalan Socialist Republic.
In March 2013 the PITJ leader Maxime Kambou was installed as first vice mayor of Gaoua.
Banzer's ADN again finished second in 1993, this time to the MNR's Gonzalo Sánchez de Lozada.
The elimination of the BPUP reduced the anticipated two-stage electoral process into a single-election contest.
It was inspired by German movements and its base was merchants, industrials, officials and especially students and academics.
On 9 May 2016, Podemos formed the electoral alliance Unidos Podemos with United Left, Equo and minor left-wing parties.
The Associated Press found no evidence that the group had committed hate crimes.
Kocharyan's influence and role in the party is a subject of debate.
However, it polled miserably in the 1934 city elections in Thessaloniki, and in 1935, the party imploded as a result of in-fighting.
The Monarchist Party of the Russian Federation is the only legal monarchist political party in Russia since the 1917 Russian Revolution.
Its symbol is the bridge, and its present chief is S.B.
The main center of politics of JKPP is Azad Kashmir.
The National Democratic Party is a political party in Suriname.
The Historical Left, officially known as The Left, was a liberal and reformist parliamentary group in Italy during the second half of the 19th century.
It was classified as a party based on the fact that it developed a platform, a central body, and an official publication.
The Federation of Cane Growers contested the 1963 Legislative Council election under the banner of Citizens Federation.
In the Commonwealth Legislature 2007 elections, the Covenant Party won only four of twenty seats in the House of Representatives.
The Secular Party of Australia is a minor Australian political party, founded in January 2006 and registered as a federal political party in 2010.
MDS was created to help women in distress who suffered from domestic and family violence.
The United Liberal Party is a political party in Zambia.
The Confederate Farmers Party is a minor political party in Myanmar.
The party favoured closer ties with both Russia and the European Union while maintaining and expanding many of the government's economic and social reform initiatives.
The National Party of Scotland was a centre-left political party in Scotland which was one of the forerunners of the current Scottish National Party.
Bishnu Prasad Rabha and Khagen Barbarua were notable leaders of KBP.
The party's leader is opposition veteran Chiam See Tong who previously founded the Singapore Democratic Party.
However, one of the ROS member organizations in 1992 was the Stalinist Russian Party of Communists, led by A.Kryuchkov.
It was founded by John Cormack in 1933 and had elected nine members to the Edinburgh Council in 1936 with 31 percent of the vote.
Palestinian National Initiative is a Palestinian political party led by Mustafa Barghouti.
The Bonino List was a libertarian electoral list active in Italy from 1999 to 2004.
The Black Front was composed of former radical members of the NSDAP, who intended to cause a split in the main party.
All the Political Parties joined the alliance of national unity and won the election.
BPF had 10 members in the 12th Assam Legislative Assembly, and it is a constituent of the current Bharatiya Janata Party led ruling coalition in Assam.
The Korean Social Democratic Party is a political party in the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, allied with the ruling Workers' Party of Korea.
Slovenian party lists have regularly contested elections in Carinthia since 1950.
Since the legislative elections of 2005 it is the majority party in the Transnistrian Parliament.
The Socialist Party of Thailand was political party in Thailand, active in the 1970s.
The last affiliates of the UCRI joined the MID in 1972.
Its highest internal decision-making body is its National Congress which elects a Council of Delegates that manages the organisation between congresses.
The Latvian Russian Union is an ethnic minority, left-wing political party in Latvia, supported mainly by ethnic Russians and other Russian-speaking minorities.
Until October 8, 2016, the party was known as Coalition for the Renewal of the Republic - Liberty and Hope.
They later joined the MAA but they left the front due to political disputes.
People's Party was a Spanish liberal conservative political party, founded in 1976.
Since 5 May 2012, the Justice Ministry has restored the state registration of the Republican Party of Russia.
In November 2011 the participation of blocs of political parties in parliamentary elections was banned.
The Socialist Party is a Trotskyist political party in Australia affiliated with the Committee for a Workers' International.
The Italian Reformist Socialist Party was a social-democratic political party in Italy.
This famous cave will come under Perumkadavila panchayath.
The Party of Labour of Catalonia was a communist party in Catalonia, Spain.
The PS used to be one of the two major political parties in the French Fifth Republic, along with the Republicans.
In May 1966 it merged with the Liberal Party and the United Conservative Party to form the National Party.
The former name of the party is the Party For One Rus'.
Although it called itself a party, it did not have official members but instead had participants.
It represented a transition from the Party of Italian Communists and the Italian Communist Party.
Leader Gaydukevich is the deputy chairman of the Standing Committee of the National Assembly of Belarus for international affairs and national security.
In 2017 the TRP broke with the RI.
His victory was one of three independent successes in the 2005 general election.
It first took part in the 1997 legislative elections.
Still, the NBPP upholds Khalid Abdul Muhammad as the de facto father of the movement.
Since the death of its founder leader Keerthi Balasooriya in December 1987, Wije Dias assumed the leadership.
The National Union for Democracy and Renewal is a political party in Chad, led by Saleh Kebzabo.
The newly formed Janata Party contested the 1977 elections on the BLD symbol and formed independent India's first government not ruled by the Indian National Congress.
The Respect Party was a left-wing political party active in the United Kingdom between 2004 and 2016.
In 2007 the Front won all four positions for national deputy in the Province and two out of three Senators.
New party was officially registered on 15 October 2006 under the name Pro Patria and Res Publica Union.
He polled 221,459 votes and came fourth.
The PCPC was born after the expulsion on grounds of ideological Party of the Communists of Catalonia of several of its members, like Quim Boix.
The Spanish Democratic Socialist Party was a political party in Spain, active during the transition to democracy.
He was also saved as Ministry of Agriculture in the United Democratic Front during Bakali Muluzi's time.
The Syrian Social Nationalist Party in Lebanon, is a secular nationalist political party operating in Lebanon, a branch of pan-Syrian Social Nationalist Party.
The Patriotic Pan-African Convergence is a political party in Togo.
The party is not a member of, and should not be confused with, the Pan-Green Coalition.
The Hans-Peter Martin's List – For genuine control in Brussels is an Austrian anti-corruption and pro-transparency political party.
The Communist Party of Finland was a communist political party in Finland.
From 2004 to 2008 it was in a coalition government with Motherland–Democracy Coalition of Democratic Party and Motherland Party.
The elected committee that directs the Congress Party in an Indian state is known as Pradesh Congress Committee.
After the elections of 1950 the party merged into Liberal Party.
Yisrael HaMithadeshet, formerly known as Aliyah) is a political party in Israel.
In Upper Silesia, the party did not fare too well in municipal polls.
Led by Baldwin Spencer, it was the governing party from 2004 to 2014.
Several state sections of the DVU objected to the merger and achieved a preliminary injunction from the Landgericht Munich based on irregularities during the referendum.
Formed in 1989, since 1991 it has been one of the "national" sections of Lega Nord.
In December 1994, the CPDS held its Constitutive Congress in Bata.
Instead LS advocates and uses the direct-action-methods of mass anarchism and syndicalism: strikes, blocades, occupations, sabotage, work-to-rule, boycotts, slowdown, demonstrations, etc.
The name of the group was derived from The Greater Britain, a 1932 book by Oswald Mosley.
It does not currently have any members in the parliament, however.
It attracted attention by taking direct action such as protests outside homes of Islamic extremists, its "Christian patrols" and "invasions" of British mosques.
The Awami National Party, is a secular and leftist Pashtun nationalist political party in Pakistan.
It was also the protagonist of political campaigns opposed to same-sex marriage and immigration to Italy.
We understand by Socialism a society in which power is exercised democratically by the workers and Communism a society without classes and without the state.
It was a splinter from the larger Labour Party, and was led by the prominent socialist John A. Lee.
PODEM is a centre-left political party in the Republic of Macedonia.
The party has returned to power in the 2009 Galician elections.
RSF holds that the Irish Republic continues to exist and that the Continuity Irish Republican Army Council is its de jure government.
This entails the implementation of anarchist principles within such movements, along with a revolutionary anarchist programme.
When the 1st phase of the Nicaraguan Revolution was won by the FSLN, the PLN was dissolved by the new government.
Most of the leadership were prominent in the Bloomsbury Forum, a right-wing discussion group.
It was formed by disaffected members of the Parti Bersatu Sabah on 11 March 1994.
A High Command of the APN was formed jointly by the government and the MNR.
A major influence on the committee was Meiji-era Japan, a backward state that successfully modernised itself without sacrificing its identity.
Achmet Chatziosman was elected in 2002 and 2006 for the Rhodope Prefecture on a common PASOK-Synaspismós list and was vice-prefect from 2002 to 2007.
The Democratic Socialist Movement is a Trotskyist political party in Nigeria.
The Liberal Party of Chile was a Chilean political party created by a faction of pipiolos in 1849.
The NEFF is committed to uniting all Namibians to root out this evil practice.
During that time, it was Syria's largest exile opposition party.
The group is a split to United Front of Principlists.
The party endorsed Mildred Fox in the 1995 Wicklow by-election for her pro-life stance.
A member of the Party of European Socialists, the Social Democrats have three MEPs in the European Parliament.
The Agreement for the New Greece contested the 2014 European election as part of the PASOK-led Olive Tree electoral alliance.
The Party was established in 1886 and dissolved in 1902.
The Greater Romania Party is a Romanian nationalist political party.
It was said in the sidelines of the congress that Tarba had stepped down so as to make room for his long-time friend Shamba.
It was launched on 26 October 1991 by Russian Supreme Soviet deputies of the faction 'Rossiya'.
Because the SCNC advocates separation from Cameroon, it has been declared an illegal organization by the government of Paul Biya.
PPB-CN is a Bolivian political alliance of the right-wing formed in advance of the 2009 elections.
Jabre is a Lebanese businessman who holds an MBA from Columbia university and a BA from the American University of Beirut.
Rayat ash-Shaghilah was founded in 1953 by a group that had been expelled from the Iraqi Communist Party.
ICV was given responsibility for the Ministry of the Environment in the share-out of power in the new government.
The party supported Ricardo Lagos in the 1999/2000 presidential elections, who won 48.0% in the first round and was elected with 51.3% in the second round.
It was established on 10 February 1990 and was second political party to be established in the newly pluralist Kosovo.
The party is a member of Liberal International.
Harayana politician Om Prakash Dhankar has been twice elected as BJP Kisan Morcha, National President and.
The party was formed as the United Australia Party, and branded itself as a revival of the historic party of that name.
The Christian Democratic Party is a political party in Chile and governs as part of the Nueva Mayoría coalition.
The HSLS is a member of the Liberal International and the Alliance of Liberals and Democrats for Europe Party.
One of this organization leaders, Oleg Kozlovsky has been arrested, and, according to several oppositional sites illegally sent as a private conscript to the Russian Army.
It is a conservative and monarchist party and a member of the Centrist Democrat International and International Democrat Union.
Key policies include withdrawing the UK from the European Union, prioritising relations with the Commonwealth of Nations and introducing more stringent measures on immigration.
Its supporters included former Cumann na nGaedheal government ministers Ernest Blythe and James Joseph Walsh, and Monetary Reform Party TD Oliver J. Flanagan.
The party was a member of the Liberal International and the Alliance of Liberals and Democrats for Europe Party.
The Cooperative Financial Network's protection scheme, is Germany's oldest Deposit Guarantee Scheme for banks and is run by the BVR.
It is a member of the Fourth International led by Pierre Lambert.
In 1984 PCC merged into the Communist Party, and it became its regional wing in Catalonia.
The Ploughmen's Front was a Romanian left-wing agrarian-inspired political organisation of ploughmen, founded at Deva in 1933 and led by Petru Groza.
Tavini Huiraatira is a political party in French Polynesia that favours greater autonomy from its territorial ruler France.
The JI maintains close ties with these and other international Muslim groups.
The Malaysian Indian Muslim Congress is a political party formed on 24 October 1976 to represent the interests of the minority Indian Muslim community in Malaysia.
It is partly funded by media mogul Surya Paloh who founded the similarly named organization, Nasional Demokrat.
Organización Obreira was a clandestine leninist political organization in Galiza founded on April 1972.
The Ukrainian Social Democratic Labour Party was the leading party of the Ukrainian People's Republic and was also known as SDPists or Esdeky.
Liberal Alliance's founding document is the Proclamation of Anavisos, written on 28 April 2007.
The Nazis propagated the idea of a "people's community".
The Tamil Eelam Liberation Organization is an Eelam Tamil organisation campaigning for the establishment of an independent Tamil Eelam in the northeast of Sri Lanka.
The party is headed by Alexander Zakodyrin
Later the organization wrote up a constitution project for Galiza, designed a flag, anthem and coat of arms for the Republic of Galicia.
However, RFM and UM severed ties preceding the 2008 parliamentary elections, and RFM formed a center-right coalition Monaco Together.
The Gabonese Union for Democracy and Development was a political party in Gabon.
At the time of its merger with The Left Party.PDS, WASG party membership stood at about 11,600 members.
The PSP was opposed to the Congress, and was unwilling to join an organisation working within the Congress ranks.
The movement was heavily influenced by fascism, with its members utilizing the Roman salute, wearing fascist-style uniforms, and marching in military formation.
It published the Naye tsayt in Kiev September 1917-May 1919.
Socialist Unity reached 7.1% of the vote for the Italian Chamber of Deputies, gaining 33 seats.
The Agrarian Party of Moldova, formerly the Democratic Agrarian Party of Moldova, is a Moldovan political party, prominent from 1991 to 1998.
Ideologically, PFLOAG was Marxist whilst NDFLOAG was Ba'ath-oriented.
Biplobi Bangla Congress is a political party in West Bengal, India.
It wants Denmark to leave the EU.
Although never a member, Seán South was familiar with the group's publications.
In February 2011, she began a hunger strike protesting the conditions of her detainment at Adra prison.
Its logo are the horns of a green ram.
In June 2003, DIKO announced it was moving away from its traditional centre-right political positioning.
As of 2008, the party has over 9,500 members; the number has steadily decreased since the party entered the governing coalition.
The Society Party is a self-proclaimed anarchist political party in Norway.
New Ford Kenya is a political party founded in the run up to Kenya's 2006 general elections after a split in the then leadership of FORD-Kenya.
The Pact of Hope is a political alliance that was founded in 2015 as a coalition of left-leaning and centre parties.
Some of the individuals involved with the list included Mahmoud Badr and Mounir Fakhry Abdel Nour.
The party got 0.01% of the votes nationwide.
For the next seventeen years, it formed four out of the five ministries and was in power for thirteen years.
NS CG was taken over by a moderate leadership that reduced the fiercely nationalist Serbian ideologies spread from the party while it was under Novak.
On 1 January 2009 it merged with the larger Free Democratic Party to establish FDP.The Liberals.
As of 2013, the chairman of the party was Kumar Khadka.
The party won the 2015 elections as well, winning 26 seats against an alliance of 7 parties.
Its members stress that the M5S is not a party but a "movement" and it may not be included in the traditional left-right paradigm.
The Radical Democracy, was a Chilean centre-right political party.
The presidential ticket is made up of Alan García for President, Lourdes Flores for 1st Vice President, and David Salazar Morote for 2nd Vice President.
The Party publishes the weekly Avante!, founded in 1931.
The incumbent Chairman of the Executive Committee is Elman Mammadzade.
Former foreign minister Hikmet Çetin became the interim chairman and the merged party chose the name of CHP after İnönü's suggestion.
In the last legislative election, the party won 15.8 percent of the vote and 9 out of 56 seats.
The Republican People's Party describes itself as "a modern social democratic party, which is faithful to the founding principles and values of the Republic of Turkey".
Finally, in the Greek legislative election, 1936, the party participated in the Democratic Coalition, a coalition of centre-left parties and elected 7 MPs.
The majority of the party's membership is drawn from the country's entrepreneurs.
After the end of apartheid in 1994 the party reformed as the Minority Front.
In 2007, Civic Platform overtook PiS, now established as the two dominant parties, and formed a coalition government with the Polish People's Party.
Its registered leader and nomination officer in 2007 was Sidney Fagan, with Ronald Mallone as Treasurer.
The Green Party is a green political party in Ireland that operates in both the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland.
The Republican People's Party is a liberal Egyptian political party made up of former ministers.
The party's goal is to create a free, powerful, democratic and whole Azerbaijan.
The Congress chose Plácido Micó Abogo as Secretary-General at the head of an Executive Commission.
People Power is a radical democratic political coalition in Hong Kong established in 2011.
It believed in uniting Canada's left to combat this.
For the 1987 general election the RDG joined the Red Front, an electoral alliance spearheaded by the Revolutionary Communist Party.
Inekaren seeks equal education for all, and has promoted activities towards this goal at the University of La Laguna as well as in other locations
For Latvia's Development is a liberal political party in Latvia.
The Malayan Peoples' Socialist Front or better known as Socialist Front was a left-wing coalition of Malaysian socialist parties.
Front Line participated in the 1999 European Parliament elections, obtaining 48,532 votes or 0.75 percent of the vote.
The September 2008 election saw the BZÖ breakthrough with 21 seats, while the FPÖ's vote also increased.
Unitary Front was a short-lived center-left party in Greece.
The general secretary of the PCE(r) is Manuel Pérez Martínez, currently in jail.
Its only MP is Ivica Pančić who was elected to two consecutive terms in 2003 and 2007 on the Social Democratic Party of Croatia ticket.
The Luxembourg Socialist Workers' Party, abbreviated to LSAP or POSL, is a social-democratic political party in Luxembourg.
Serbian Action is a nationalist, neo-fascist movement in Serbia.
The highest organ in Liberal Alliance is its bi-annual congress, which elects a seven member Coordination Committee.
The Pattani Islamic Mujahideen Movement is an Islamic insurgent movement that has carried out violent actions as part of the protracted insurgency in Southern Thailand.
Although the MDP was not recognized by the Maldivian government, it began operating in Maldives on April 30, 2005.
On 14 April of that year the organization agreed to stop acting as EN, and all their militants entered Máis Galiza.
The Belgian Labour Party or Belgian Workers' Party was the first major socialist party in Belgium.
The FNLA received 2.4% of the votes and had five Members of Parliament elected.
Besides advocating cultural and economic liberalism, the party is civil libertarian, including advocating liberalisation of drug laws and same-sex marriage.
But the presence of the leftist VLSSP in the government irritated the rightist sections of SLFP, who maneuvered VLSSP out through a series of intrigues.
The military structure was developed in Russian Transcaucasia, in Persia and in the United States.
The organizational structure of the party consists of party staff and party officers along with the house and senate.
Ultimately these principles would develop into the National Socialist German Workers Party, also known as the Nazi Party.
Together for Serbia is a political party in the Republic of Serbia.
