Its source is located at Kwaggaskop, a farm between Dullstroom, Stoffberg and Belfast.
It is the third largest artificial lake in North America as well as the largest body of fresh water in British Columbia.
Sơn La Dam is a concrete gravity dam on the Black River in Ít Ong, Mường La District, Sơn La Province, Vietnam.
The project consists of a large power plant with an installed capacity of 172 MW and an average annual production of 475 GWh.
The purpose of Cougar Dam is to provide flood risk management, hydropower, water quality improvement, irrigation, fish and wildlife habitat, recreation, storage, and navigation.
During periods of low energy demand, such as at night, water is pumped from Zhanghewan Lower Reservoir up to the upper reservoir.
Bullards Bar offers two boat launching facilities with one launch ramp adjacent to Emerald Cove Marina.
In 1989, four companies were invited to a public tender.
Generators 1 and 3 deliver power to China while 2 and 4 deliver to North Korea.
Approximately one mile downstream of the dam lies the smaller Bedford Hydropower Project owned and operated by the Town of Bedford, Virginia.
On 20 March 2014 the third generator was commissioned and the fourth and final on 29 April 2014.
Nearly 3200 major / medium dams and barrages had been constructed in India by the year 2012.
Accumulated saturated steam is also used to provide up to two hours of thermal storage at the plant.
It opened in 1953 and received significant quantities of its coal by boat, to its own staithe, using the S&SYN.
The Tricastin Nuclear Power Plant is a nuclear power plant consisting of 4 pressurized water reactors of CP1 type with 915 MW electrical power output each.
In December 2007 Windy Hill was sold to Transfield Services Infrastructure Fund as part of Queensland Government's ClimateSmart 2050 strategy.
The construction began in 1983 and was completed in 1990.
It also provides water to the nearby Khopoli Power Plant.
It was added to the Queensland Heritage Register on 9 August 2013.
The dam and reservoir control runoff from a drainage basin of 1,610 sq mi.
At 53.4 m tall, it is the largest gravity dam in Japan after the Taishakugawa Dam in Hiroshima Prefecture.
The project is used for both irrigation purposes and power generation.
Waga in the Ōu Mountains it flows from north to south through the entire length of Nishiwaga Town before turning east through Kitakami City.
It impounds the Snake River in a reservoir named Milner Lake.
It is located 55 km south of Gaborone and 40 km east of Kanye.
The main purpose of the dam is to supply potable water to the city of Orange.
When commissioned it was the largest parabolic trough plant in the world and the first U.S. solar plant with molten salt thermal energy storage.
Hydro-Québec is in the process of adding a third unit, bringing the total generating capacity to 1,322 MW, scheduled for completion in 2014.
Yeruham is a town in the Southern District of Israel, in the Negev desert.
In November 2014 it was announced that the power station is to be sent into liquidation.
Two of the four units were fitted with flue-gas desulphurisation plant in 2009.
It is located in the municipality São João da Pesqueira, in Viseu District, Portugal.
Tokuyama also creates Japan's largest reservoir with a water volume of 660,000,000 m3.
One was set up in the valley as a generator and driven by water.
The main canal, Gandikota, Vamikonda and Sarvarajasagar reservoirs are under construction.
Its 300 metre tall chimney was built in 1979, and is one of the tallest structures in the country.
The plant is located close to the R27 just north of Atlantis in the Western Cape.
The Mettur Dam is one of the largest dams in India.
It is the fourth dam upstream of the Iguazu Falls and was constructed between 1987 and 1991 while being inaugurated in 1992.
The power station will have an installed effect of 280 MW in electricity production and 350 MW in heat.
The Fujinuma Dam, was an earth-fill embankment dam in Sukagawa City, Fukushima Prefecture, Japan.
As the name suggests, the line runs along the Watarase River through a deep valley.
At the time of its merger, the town had an estimated population of 5,394 and a density of 32 persons per km2.
Indian Orchard Station, is a power plant located in Indian Orchard, Massachusetts, USA.
With a total installed capacity of 1,200 megawatts, it is one of the largest pumped-storage power stations in Japan.
It is owned by Wisconsin Public Service, a subsidiary of WEC Energy Group.
It is Ireland's largest river hydroelectric scheme and is operated on a purpose built headrace connected to the River Shannon.
The dam is intended for hydroelectric power production, flood control and navigation.
Historically owned and operated by Commonwealth Edison, the State Line Generating Plant was later owned and operated by Dominion Resources.
The Amaravathi Dam is a dam constructed by the Amaravathi River.
It was built between 1999 and 2005.
The upper reservoir is contained by the Yashio Dam, a rock-fill dam.
Pit-3 Dam is a dam across the Pit River in northern California in the United States.
The plant will use 0.7 billion normal cubic meter of gas per year.
The facility derives its name from the Township of Darlington, the former name of the municipality in which it is located.
The Darwin Dam is an offstream earthfill embankment saddle dam without a spillway, located in Western Tasmania, Australia.
The plant is located on a site that covers 267,694 m2; buildings occupy 7,762 m2, and it has 46,488 m2 of floor space.
It built in Klaipėda Free Economic Zone by Fortum Heat Lithuania which belongs to Finnish energy company Fortum.
The station has a capacity of 18 MW and uses natural gas from the Mnazi Bay gas wells in Mtwara.
The tallest dam in Japan is the 186 m high Kurobe Dam.
The dam is named after then-President Theodore Roosevelt.
The Milford Wind is a wind farm north of Milford in the territory of Beaver and Millard counties, Utah, United States.
The Zhombe Communal Land lies to the east of the dam, and the Gokwe_Chief Njelele east land is on its west.
Proposed by Tres Amigas, LLC in 2009, the project is in the process of finalizing funding.
Khairbandha Dam, is an earthfill dam on Fattepur river near Gondia in State of Maharashtra in India.
The other 10% is owned by Cooperative Energy.
Queen Elizabeth Power Station is a natural gas-fired station owned by SaskPower, located in Saskatoon, Saskatchewan, Canada.
Its operations were then reduced to about 5% of its capacity, since it acted only as a reserve in the Lithuanian power system.
The dam is 168 feet high and 2,000 feet long, straddling the border of Tallapoosa and Elmore Counties with the powerhouse located on the Elmore side.
During the hours of decreased power demand, water is pumped from the reservoir of El Tigre back into Los Reyunos to stabilize the water level.
When it is completed, it is projected be the largest hydroelectric plant in Nepal, with a power output equivalent to two-thirds of Nepal's current power generation.
The lake is used for recreational activities, such as boating, swimming, waterskiing, and fishing.
The reservoir created by the dam is known for its bird and crocodile populations.
The Delabole wind farm was the first commercial onshore wind farm built in the United Kingdom, in November 1991.
The Bartlett Dam is a concrete multiple-arch buttress dam on the Verde River, located 50 km northeast of Phoenix, Arizona.
Construction on the first stage of the plant began in July 2007 and was finished in September 2008.
The water reservoir was built in the 18th century in the Lower Harz.
The complex exploits an 80-metre natural gap on the river, known as the Paulo Afonso Falls.
The barrage diverts water into the Western and Eastern Yamuna Canals.
During the construction period, new job positions will be opened in the region and stable economic impulses for the infrastructure and the tourism will be created.
The 138 m tall dam withholds a reservoir with a capacity of 545,000,000 m3.
Each year the wind farm generates energy that would normally produce 360,150 tonnes of greenhouse gases if generated by fossil fuel based methods.
The power station is connected via a 380 kV double-circuit powerline with Gauss substation.
The Ciner Group of Turkey has agreed to immediately start work on a 660 MW coal power plant at Gadani.
The largest dam by structural volume in the country is the Tokuyama Dam with 13,700,000 m3 of rock-fill.
The Sun Ba Power Plant or Fong Der Power Plant is a combined cycle gas-fired power plant in Shanshang District, Tainan, Taiwan.
The plant's electric output is distributed via Long Island Power Authority.
A successful implementation of Gorna Arda project could provide a specific contribution.
The plant's construction was tendered to Alstom which began the construction in October 2007, adjacent to the Munmorah coal-fired power station.
The plant is located on the Oldman River near in Pincher Creek, Alberta, Canada.
Each unit has a Westinghouse pressurized water reactor, with a General Electric steam turbine and electric generator.
Pumping may upset the lake's ecosystem, while not pumping may drain it.
The second plant was built from 1976 to 1979.
Fife Power Station was a 120 megawatt gas fired combined cycle gas turbine generating station at Cardenden in Fife, Scotland.
At full capacity, it could provide 3,964 MW of power into the southern Ontario power grid from its base in Nanticoke, Ontario, Canada.
The nuclear power plant is owned by First Energy Nuclear Operating Corporation.
The dam is equipped with a navigation lock, which is available at no charge to boaters.
Build and commissioned in the mid 1980s, the power station is fuelled by lignite from the adjacent Amyntaio coal mine.
The Xacbal Dam is a reinforced concrete gravity dam and power plant spanning the Xacbal River in the municipality of Chajul, Guatemala.
It is to the west of the Nahoon River.
Designed by the Corps of Engineers, it began service on August 22, 1968.
After a fire in 1868, new 6,000 horsepower engines were installed.
Four dams were constructed under this treaty: three in British Columbia, Canada and one in Washington state in the United States.
Shetfal Dam, is an earthfill dam on Shetfal river near Indapur, Pune district in the state of Maharashtra in India.
It was developed by Enbridge Inc., a Canadian corporation better known for involvement in fossil fuels and their distribution.
Water is also used for hydroelectric power production and water supply to the city of Nador.
It is located about 8 kilometres off the coast between Blackpool and Cleveleys.
Additional condensate gained in this process is reinjected back into the ground.
Using the pumped-storage hydroelectric method, the power plant has an installed capacity of 1,206 megawatts.
It is located almost exactly across the St. Clair River from Detroit Edison's St. Clair Power Plant in East China, Michigan.
The dam impounds the Wheeler Lake of 67,070 acres and its tailwaters feed into Wilson Lake.
The wind farms cost US$40 million to construct.
Bathing and water sports in the reservoir are not permitted.
The second part also with 75 turbines is located 55 kilometers north of Schiermonnikoog.
The diverted water fills the concrete New York Canal, the primary irrigation channel for Ada and Canyon counties.
Nuozhadu Dam is an embankment dam on the Lancang River in Yunnan Province, southwest China.
The barge was built by Sasebo Heavy Industries, with funding from the Japan Bank for International Cooperation.
The primary purpose of the dam is hydroelectric power generation, and it supports a 225 megawatt power station.
The station no longer exists and residential properties now occupy the site.
The first turbine came into production in 2013 and the other three turbines in 2014.
On October 20, 1941 it was occupied by German troops, who destroyed it in their retraction in 1943.
The drop in elevation between the upper and lower reservoir affords a hydraulic head of 430 m.
The power station was expected to be fully operational by the end of 2015.
Hirfanlı Dam is a dam in Turkey.
The THTR-300 was a thorium high-temperature nuclear reactor rated at 300 MW electric in Hamm-Uentrop, Germany.
The Neustadt Dam, also known as the Nordhausen Dam is the oldest dam in the Free State of Thuringia in Germany.
Tarbela Dam is the largest earth filled dam in the world and is second largest by the structural volume.
Benjamin Bonneville, an early explorer credited with charting much of the Oregon Trail.
Further down the glen, the River Farrar is dammed just below Loch Beannacharan, with a tunnel to take water to Culligran power station.
There are tentative plans to develop additional phases of the Meadow Lake Wind Farm.
In April 2011, Exelon of Chicago announced its intention to purchase Constellation Energy, the owner and operator of Nine Mile Point Nuclear Station.
It was to have 10 individual turbines with a nominal output of around 30 MW which will deliver up to 300 MW of power.
Keephills Generating Station is a coal fired station operated by TransAlta, located near Keephills, Alberta, Canada.
The Mahanoy Plane ceased operation on February 27, 1932, due to the decline of Anthracite and the much easier route through the Mahanoy Tunnel.
The power plant is situated in Prahova County near Petrom's refinery in Brazi.
Lower Granite Lake, which extends 39 miles east to Lewiston, Idaho, is formed behind the dam, and allowed the city to become a port.
The power station was a built by the Dabhol Power Company, which was a joint venture of Enron, General Electric, Bechtel and Maharashtra Power Development Corporation.
The development of the dam caused various environmental problems along with the displacement of the Cheslatta T'En First Nation, whose traditional land was flooded.
Three more partially completed CANDU reactors exist on the same site, part of a project discontinued at the fall of the Ceauşescu regime.
The two reservoirs are connected through underground penstocks.
Oxkraal Dam is a zoned earth-fill/rock-fill type dam located on the Oxkraal River, about 8  km South West of Whittlesea, Eastern Cape, South Africa.
Units 1 and 2 are licensed by the Nuclear Regulatory Commission to operate through 2033 and 2034, respectively.
The reservoir west of Smolyan) stretches nearly 19 km northwest to the city of Sarnitsa.
The two gas turbines are Siemens SGT-800 models and the steam turbine is a Siemens SST-400.
The dam is also the subject of protest due to the forced relocations and ecological/cultural impact its reservoir will have.
The Danjiangkou Dam is a concrete gravity dam on the Han river near Danjiangkou in Hubei Province, China.
By 2013 the per-ton rates paid by the towns were all well below market rates.
The dam also provides for flood control, navigation and water supply.
Construction began in 1958 and was completed in 1962, flooding what was from 1840 known as "Lovely Valley".
There were large protests and two dozen local groups opposed the plant.
The complex is located in a large lignite coal basin, which includes several mines, enrichment plants, a briquette plant and its own railway system.
The Martin solar thermal facility is designed to provide steam for FPL's existing Martin Unit 8 combined cycle unit, thus reducing FPL's use of natural gas.
The development was backed by the Turkish State Hydraulic Works.
The Oahe Dam is a large dam along the Missouri River, just north of Pierre, South Dakota in the United States.
Its primary purpose is for municipal and industrial use.
The artificial lake created by Asahi Dam is Asahi Reservoir.
On 24 May 2012 the recently elected Newman government announced the withdrawal of state funds for the project.
The lower reservoir is created by a 74.9 m tall and 277 m long concrete-face rock-fill dam on the Xikou River.
The Eolica Varna Wind Farm is a proposed wind power project in Varna, Bulgaria.
It provides electricity for customers in the northeastern part of Alliant Energy's Wisconsin Power & Light service area and service to several local municipal utilities.
The site is within the Prefecture-level city of Dalian, 104 kilometres north of Dalian City proper.
The main purpose of the dam is to supply potable water to the city of Bathurst.
Prior to being mothballed it primarily operated in the summer, when electricity demand peaks.
The power plant will be a 4-megawatt solar power system using state-of-the-art thin film technology, and should be finished by the end of 2012.
Completed in 1909, it is operated by the U.S. Bureau of Reclamation.
At the third stage, 226 MW of capacity is planned to be added bringing the total capacity of the plant up to 300 MW.
Temperature in summer ranges between 25 and 45 degrees Celsius and in winter it is between 5 and 23 degrees Celsius.
The towns served by the station had 30-year disposal contracts with SEMASS that expired between 2015 and 2016.
The dam was constructed as the principal feature of the U.S. Bureau of Reclamation's Palisades Project.
Below is a list of dams and reservoirs in Japan.
Syria is subdivided in a hierarchical manner into:
Akimoto Lake is a lake that is technically classified as a reservoir.
The Srinagarind Dam is an embankment dam on the Khwae Yai river in Si Sawat District of Kanchanaburi Province, Thailand.
The dam was constructed between 2003 and 2009.
Also one of the world largest ship breaking yard is located in Lesbella coast 
It is owned and operated by Contact Energy.
The Linganamakki dam(Kannada: ಲಿಂಗನಮಕ್ಕಿ ಅಣೆಕಟ್ಟು) was constructed by the Karnataka State Government in 1964.
The plant uses five concentrated solar dishes or reflectors which were manufactured and installed by Solar Systems.
Kearny Generating Station is a peaking power plant on the banks of the Riverbend of Hackensack River in South Kearny, New Jersey.
The power plant cost an estimated $1.6 billion in total and entered commercial operation in December 2014.
Operating since 1963, Thunder Bay GS was the last coal fired station in Ontario.
The dam and power rights originally belonged to the Grand River Dam Authority but were seized by the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers in 1946.
The plant is located on the bank of the Meuse river, near the village of Tihange in the Walloon province of Liège.
Work on the project was suspended in January 2013 due to a forecast of flat demand for electricity for the next five years.
The dam was renovated again in 1966 to comply with increasing safety standards and regional urban development.
The 1970s energy crisis saw many eastern Canadian power utilities change their focus from oil sourced in the Middle East to local energy sources.
Access to the site is available from Interstate 84 and State Route 131.
At the 2006 census, its population was 206,121, in 51,530 families.
Construction on the dam began in 1952.
The dam will produce 1.2 Megawatts of power and irrigate 2700 hectares of land in addition to supplying drinking water for the residents of Kabul city.
Killingholme A opened in 1994 and its final synchronisation took place on 05/02/2016 at 02:00 with a combined station output of 635MW.
The farm originally had 12 wind turbines, with 6 extra turbines installed in 2011.
It is the second of two plants built by Hydro-Québec on the Betsiamites.
Construction began in 1952, and it opened in 1955.
It houses two units, the first a boiling water reactor and the second a pressurized water reactor.
The Katse Dam, a concrete arch dam on the Malibamat'so River in Lesotho, is Africa's second largest double-curvature arch dam..
The Aqaba Thermal Power Station was established in 1986 as an oil-fueled power station.
The 12 megawatt Wyandot Solar Facility is a solar photovoltaic power plant completed in 2010, located in Salem Township, Wyandot County, Ohio.
It was shut down in August 2014.
Travelling inland north from Cape Town, the river runs in a west to east direction.
Wildwood Dam is designed for flood control and flow augmentation purposes.
The station also has a 320 m tall chimney, one of the tallest in the world.
On 22 May 2012 Meridian Energy cancelled the project, withdrawing it from the Environment Court.
It has a circular axis of 200 m and its arch-like design was used for stability.
Some of the dams are listed below by prefecture.
The dam has a central clay core zoned earthfill embankment with a height of 110 metres and a crest length of approximately 550 metres.
Its hazard potential has been ranked high.
The Oshirakawa Dam is a rock-fill dam on the Oshirakawa River about 16 km southwest of Shirakawa in Gifu Prefecture, Japan.
This would be enough electricity generation to power the entire Cape York Peninsula while supplementing the electricity needs of Port Douglas and Cairns.
Pickwick Landing Dam is a hydroelectric dam on the Tennessee River in Hardin County, in the U.S. state of Tennessee.
The main lock has a vertical lift gate and a miter gate while the aux.
Operational since February 2014, it is one of the largest solar power projects in India.
Pracana Dam is a concrete buttress dam on the Ocreza, a right tributary of the Tagus.
The dam's spillway can cope with 3,400 cubic metres of water per second, about 10 times the mean river flow.
It was incorporated on November 3, 1836 and was rechartered in 1867.
Now operated by Nova Scotia Power, a subsidiary of Emera Incorporated, the Tufts Cove Generating Station has a generating capacity of 415 megawatts.
The Kambarata-2 Hydro Power Plant is a hydroelectric power station in on the Naryn River in Kambar, Kyrgyzstan.
It produces 896 MW of power from its eight generator units, each of which has a capacity of 112MW.
The lake is located on Rapid Creek in Pennington County, South Dakota.
The first generator of the plant was commissioned in January 1949.
The three flue gas stacks, which serve also as electricity pylons for the outgoing power lines are 250 metres tall and were built in 1969-1973.
The dam would serve mainly for hydropower production in conjunction with several others further upstream including Marble Canyon Dam, on the Colorado, Green and other rivers.
Snowy Hydro contracted Siemens to complete the engineering, procurement and construction for the project.
Its chimney is with a height of 250.24 metres the tallest chimney in Scandinavia.
In February 2014, the project was awarded to a consortium of domestic and foreign countries.
Rated capacity of the two OP-140 utility boilers is 2 x 145 t/h = 290 t/h, equivalent to 112,6 MWt each, 225,2 MWt total.
The Silopi Dam is a gravity dam on the Hezil River about 24 km northeast of Silopi in Şırnak Province, southeast Turkey.
It is projected that the first unit of Sinop plant will be active by 2023, and the fourth unit enter service by 2028.
The construction and developments costs are expected to reach ₩3.9 trillion, of which would be entirely covered by private funding.
It is believed to be one of the oldest inhabited cities in the world and the city with the oldest known protective wall in the world.
Along with the Shitouhe Dam to the west, the dam supplies the nearby city of Xi'an with municipal water.
It is a combination gravity and embankment dam.
Water from this canal serves to irrigate but also supplies the 29.9 MW Perepadnaya and 15.1 MW Centralnaya Hydroelectric Power Plants located further down.
The Zhinvali Hydroelectric Power Plant has two turbines with a nominal capacity of 65 MW each having a total capacity of 130 MW.
Cougar Dam is a 519-foot tall rockfill hydroelectric dam in the U.S. state of Oregon.
In the 1910s, a number of advancements in steam turbine technology were first implemented at the station.
Hingani Dam, also called Pangaon Dam is an earthfill dam on Bhogawati river near Barshi, Solapur district in state of Maharashtra in India.
The development was backed by the Turkish State Hydraulic Works.
Crystal Rig: Completed in May 2004 it consists of 20 Nordex N80 turbines producing a maximum of 50 MW.
A letter of commitment has been issued by the Cambodian authorities for a pre-feasibility study of the dam by an unknown Korean company
The investment cost for the Ucea de Sus solar park amounts to some Euro 100 million.
It is one of the main sources of water for Tehran metropolitan region.
It is located on the Luvuvhu River near the villages of ha-Mutoti and ha-Budeli just a few kilometres from Thohoyandou in the district of Vhembe.
Conchas Dam was completed in 1939 by the United States Army Corps of Engineers.
El Vado Lake is a reservoir located in Rio Arriba County, in northern New Mexico in the southwestern United States.
Some of the dams are listed below by prefecture.
Electricity production at the plant will increase during the summer months due to the higher number of daylight hours.
Redstone Solar Thermal Power is 100 megawatts, and will be the first solar tower plant with molten salt energy storage in Africa.
Its power station was later commissioned in 1980.
Power is generated by two turbines rated at 1,000 MW, four turbines rated at 600 MW.
The nuclear power plant consists of two reactor units each rated at 1,000 MW capacity and constructed by Russia's Atomstroyexport.
This development was proposed to be located on the Puketoi Range which forms one side of the picturesque Waitahora Valley, near Dannevirke in Southern Hawke’s Bay.
Its lower reservoir is located on the Our River, bordering Germany, and the upper is elevated above on the nearby Saint Nicholas Mountain.
Scottish Power is expected to complete a second phase which will see the installation of a further 12 turbines.
It is also the first connection of an offshore wind park realized as HVDC-transmission.
It was constructed for the primary purpose of hydroelectric power generation and supports the 546 MW La Bâthie Power Station.
Chisa Yokoyama, Japanese voice actress and singer
The plant is a national asset, and power generated is shared between multiple states, as the operator is national.
Luminant Generation Co. implemented the changes during refueling outages.
He is the only person to be inducted into both the Harness and Thoroughbred Halls of Fame.
The tallest dam in Japan is the 186 m high Kurobe Dam.
The diversion tunnel was later blocked heaving/collapse of the hill in December 2010.
The project consists of a large power plant with a nominal capacity of 70 MW and an average annual production of 242 GWh.
Ayhanlar Dam is a dam in Nevşehir Province, Turkey, built between 1996 and 2000.
The station is not connected to the national grid but is instead connected to the Mtwara/Lindi mini-grid.
Garbaldi Dam, is an earthfill dam on Suki river near Khiroda, Jalgaon district in the state of Maharashtra in India.
Phase C - ACRS Review of Advanced Final SER by 6/2012
The power plant is owned and operated by Uttar Pradesh Rajya Vidyut Utpadan Nigam.
A county park is nearby from which the lock structure can be viewed.
The hazard potential of the entire dam construction has been ranked high.
Eventually, the land was sold to Reclamation, although much of the reservoir, which extends 72 miles upstream into Wyoming, lies in the reservation.
and three gas turbines rated at 420 MW.
Power is generated by six turbines rated at 600 MW.
It was located in Karlstein am Main and was an experimental boiling water reactor.
Elevation above sea level is 267 metres.
Planning for the dam began in 1962 and it was not completed when expected in 1972 due to project delays.
The dam is located at Koani in the Muheza District of the Tanga Region, about 8 km south of another power station at Hale.
Opened in 1968, and first operating with coal, the plant was bought by Mirant in 1999.
Some of the dams are listed below by prefecture.
In August 2000 TransCanada purchased the rights to the production from Sundance A and B.
Construction on the dam began in 1989 and it was completed in 1998.
Below is a list of dams and reservoirs in Japan.
The height of the boiler house including its rooftop flue gas stack is 250 metres.
The purpose of the dam is to produce hydroelectric power and supply water for irrigation.
Likewise, Lake LBJ was originally named Lake Granite Shoals until 1965 when it was renamed for another advocate of the LCRA, U.S. President Lyndon B. Johnson.
The intake has six sluices and six forced to feed six turbine/generator of SAXO type.
According to the International Commission on Large Dams, total dams and reservoirs in Pakistan over the height of 15 m are 150.
The dam supports a 54 MW power station and supplies water for the irrigation of 178,000 hectares.
Reno, Nevada lies 27 mi to the east.
The others are the two units at the adjacent Salem plant, and the one unit at Oyster Creek Nuclear Generating Station.
The Pepperell Hydro Power Plant is a hydroelectric power plant located in Pepperell, Massachusetts on the Nashua River.
Electricity production started in early 2009, with a capacity of 30 MW.
An environmental study for the dam was carried out between 1989 and 1990.
The station is owned by the Columbia Power Corporation.
The nuclear power station Ågesta was the first Swedish commercial nuclear power plant.
It is part of the PJM Interconnection of the Eastern Interconnection grid electric transmission system.
Sakaigawa Dam is a dam in Nanto, Toyama Prefecture and Shirakawa, Gifu Prefecture, Japan.
The plant is located at the tip of the Islandmagee peninsula, which separates Larne Lough from the Irish Sea.
In February 2010, the North South Pipeline from the Goulburn River was connected to the reservoir.
The dam sports a 115-MW hydroelectric power station at its toe, with five 23-MW generating units each providing a total energy generation of about 564 GWh.
The power plant is one of the coal based power plants of NTPC.
Lendi : The river has its origin in Udgir taluka and flowing through the Ahmadpur taluka joins the Tiru river in Nanded district .
Uch Power Plant is a combined cycle power plant, located in Dera Murad Jamali, Nasirabad District, Baluchistan, Pakistan.
The construction work started in July 2009.
It has 23 wind turbines, eight on Starfish Hill itself and 15 on Salt Creek Hill, with a combined generating capacity of 34.5 MW of electricity.
It is currently owned maintained by the Electric Power Development Company.
The weir itself is located 5 km southwest of the small town of Proston, Queensland, Australia.
The second, auxiliary, dam is 14 metres high and 133 metres long.
Water from the Batá is diverted by the dam to a power station that discharges to the Lengupá River.
The Otahuhu power station site is located in Otara, Auckland, New Zealand, and holds two decommissioned plants; Otahuhu A and Otahuhu B.
Tokuyama also creates Japan's largest reservoir with a water volume of 660,000,000 m3.
Redbank was fuelled by beneficiated, dewatered tailings from the Mount Thorley Warkworth mine at Warkworth, delivered by conveyor.
Reservoirs and dams in Australia is a link page for any reservoir or dam in Australia.
Pacific Gas & Electric has agreed to a 25-year power purchase agreement.
The dam is designed with a selective withdrawal system that allows water passage from various levels of Lake Koocanusa.
Phase 1 consists of 30 Suzlon 2.1 MW wind turbines, for a total nameplate capacity of 63 MW.
The project was undertaken and commissioned between 2010 and May 2011.
Ntshingwayo Dam is a combined gravity & arch type dam located on the Ingagane River in South Africa.
This plant is connected to the power grid via numerous 138 kV and 345 kV lines.
The facility is located on a 70 hectares site.
Barro Blanco is a gravity dam currently under construction on the Tabasara River in the Chiriqui Province of Panama.
Completed in 1964, it impounds Eufaula Lake, one of the world's largest man-made lakes, covering 102,500 acres.
Some of the dams are listed below by prefecture.
Salem Harbor Power Station, was a coal-fired power plant located in Salem, Massachusetts, U.S.
The dam impounds Wilbur Lake, which extends for about 3 miles up the Watauga to the base of Watauga Dam.
The purpose of the dam is flood control, water supply and hydroelectric power generation.
It creates the upper reservoir for the 1,200 megawatts Tamahara Pumped Storage Power Station.
Work on this dam began in 1963 and was not completed until 1990. work on the reservoir is still done to help maintain it.
The alternative is use of natural gas as fuel for generators.
The Bonneville Dam Historic District was designated a National Historic Landmark District in 1987.
It will be constructed in two 1,800 MW phases.
Electricity revenue was expected to provide no less than 60% of the government's entire revenue in 2009.
A power generating capacity of 900 megawatts was installed in six turbines, producing up to 900 megawatts each and the current capacity is 900MW.
Mula Dam is an earthfill and gravity dam on Mula river near Rahuri in Ahmednagar district of the state of Maharashtra in India.
Power from the wind turbines is connected through three 34.5 kV lines to a substation and from there through a 115 kV line.
One of the most famous aspects of these cultural festivities are the Andong masks.
The dam is named after John H. Kerr, a Congressman from North Carolina who was instrumental in authorizing the construction.
The proposed Dongo Kundu Thermal Power Station is a potential 700 megawatt natural gas-fired thermal power station in Kenya.
Glanford Brigg Power Station is a gas-fired power station in North Lincolnshire, England.
WNP-1, WNP-2 and WNP-3 were part of the original 1968 plan, with WNP-4 and WNP-5 added in the early 1970s.
A new intake and spillway will also be added.
The dam's hazard potential has been ranked to be high.
As of 2016 the plant has not been built, the waste is being sent to landfills and ABC has filed for bankruptcy.
Galisteo Dam is a dam in Santa Fe County, New Mexico.
It was the last coal-fired power station in Scotland.
In order to achieve full requirements of drinking and irrigation water of the region, more than 50 Tmcft water is required.
The first phase started construction in 2012 and went online in 2014, providing 266 MWDC to San Diego Gas & Electric under a 25-year agreement.
The proposed Kajiado Wind Power Station, also Kipeto Wind Power Project, is a potential 100 megawatt wind-powered electricity power station in Kenya.
After electricity privatisation in 1990, ownership moved to Powergen.
The tallest dam in Japan is the 186 m high Kurobe Dam.
Located in Ellicott City, Howard County, Maryland, United States, New Cut Landfill, is also referred to as Worthington Park, Worthington Dog Park, and Worthington Elementary.
The Doel Nuclear Power Station is one of two nuclear power plants in Belgium.
The reservoir's storage is over 50% greater than Kootenay Lake.
The hazard potential of the dam has been ranked significant.
It was built to produce electricity for the surrounding area.
The station closed on 30 October 1978 with a generating capacity of 57 megawatts.
Other rivers flowing into the dam are the Wilge River, Klip River, Molspruit and Grootspruit.
The dam regulates 10% of the water in the Kootenay River basin.
The Valea Nucarilor Wind Farm is a wind power project in Valea Nucarilor, Tulcea County, Romania.
The reservoir is listed on the South Australian Heritage Register.
Trout are reared in cages within the reservoir.
Sevan–Hrazdan Cascade is a complex of hydroelectric power plants on the Hrazdan River and its tributaries between the Lake Sevan and Yerevan in Armenia.
The rated core thermal power will be 4,590 MWt.
LISF is co-owned by BP Solar and MetLife through Long Island Solar Farm LLC.
It was built by Nuuk-Kraft and it is operated by Nukissiorfiit - Greenland's national energy company.
It is approximately 265 km from the federal capital of Islamabad and 350 km from provincial capital of Peshawar in the Islamic Republic of Pakistan.
Bhandardara sits by the Pravara River, and the natural environment, waterfalls, mountains, Wilson dam, Arthur lake and Randha falls are tourist attractions.
It is situated at a height of approximately 4,714 m, about 3.54 km long and 1.80 km at its widest point.
In North lies Raipur, the heart and capital city of Chhattisgarh.
The older generation turbines generate kilowatts, and the modern turbines installed generate up to 3 megawatts, depending on the specific turbine and manufacturer.
Zaporizka DRES is a large thermal power plant at Enerhodar in Ukraine.
These turbines were completed in 1993 and are 35m in height to the hub and have a rotor diameter of 37m.
The Luiz Carlos Barreto de Carvalho Dam, formerly known as Estreito, is an embankment dam on the Grande River near Fronteira in São Paulo, Brazil.
Some of the dams are listed below by prefecture.
Lake Herbert G. West, formed from Lower Monumental Dam runs 28 miles downstream from the base of the dam.
The facility is capable of generating 3.2 MW electricity.
Phosphate Hill was commissioned in March 2000.
Setumo Dam is an earth-fill type dam located on the Molopo River near Mmabatho, North West, South Africa.
Ōi Units 3 and 4 were Japan's last operating nuclear power plants, being taken offline in September, 2013.
Fierza is a HPP with a Rock-fill dam with a clay core and reservoir.
Charlottetown Thermal Generating Station is a natural diesel oil power station owned by Maritime Electric, in Charlottetown, Prince Edward Island.
Hokubō Dam is a dam in Okayama Prefecture, Japan.
The Lam Takhong Dam is an embankment dam on the Lam Takhong River between Pak Chona and Sikhio Districts in Nakhon Ratchasima Province, Thailand.
The Tennyson Power Station was a coal-fired power station in Tennyson, Queensland, Australia, which operated between 1953 and 1986.
Construction began in 1986 and the reservoir started to fill in 2002.
Tamil Nadu is the major beneficiary of power generated from this facility, while some of it is supplied to Andhra Pradesh, Karnataka, Kerala, and Puducherry.
The Maritsa Iztok Complex is the largest energy complex in South Eastern Europe.
The dam serves several purposes to include hydroelectric power production and water storage for irrigation.
It is speculated that even if the structure only withstood the flood for a short time some water would have been diverted to the reservoirs.
It was situated south of Glanum, in a gorge that cut into the hills of Les Alpilles in the Roman province of Gallia Narbonensis.
New Mexico, near to Algodones and to the north of Bernalillo.
Construction of the dam commenced in 1936 while land to the north was being stripped of lumber and buildings.
Smir Dam is an earth-filled embankment dam in northern Morocco, to the southeast of Nakhla Dam and 5 km west of M'diq.
The Gariuai Hydroelectric Plant is a run-of-the-river micro hydro power plant located in the town of Gariuai in Baucau District, East Timor.
The purpose of the dam is hydroelectric power production and flood control.
It is located on the Elands River, part of the Olifants River basin.
The site for the Kaiseraugst Nuclear Power Plant is located in north-west Switzerland beside the river at Kaiseraugst, a short distance to the east of Basel.
Costs were estimated at US$1.65 billion, with $1.0 billion provided by the Federal Government.
Condensers on the back end of the main turbines are fed cooled water from the cooling tower to condense the steam back into water.
The solar park was developed and built by RGE Energy.
Lauren Engineers & Constructors was the EPC contractor for the project.
The Arnedo Solar Plant is a solar photovoltaic power plant located in Arnedo, La Rioja, Spain.
Boğazköy Dam is a dam in Bursa Province, Turkey.
The Çat Dam is an embankment dam on the Abdülharap River, located near Çelikhan in Adıyaman Province, Turkey.
It began to impound its reservoir in 1956 and the first two generators were commissioned that year.
The first phase, Roscoe, was constructed in 2008 and consists of 209 Mitsubishi 1 MW turbines.
The Don Sahong is a hydroelectric dam under construction on the Mekong River in Siphandone area of Champasak Province, southern Laos.
Dim Dam is a concrete-face rock-fill dam on the Dim River located 12 km east of Alanya in Antalya Province, Turkey.
The dam is one of the three hydroelectric dams on the Drin River.
The construction schedule was shortened by several months to meet the August 31, 2011 deadline to receive the FIT rate of EUR 0.256/kWh.
As the former benefited South Africa exclusively, South Africa bore the entire cost for that dam.
The Glavaticevo Hydro Power Plant was proposed but eventually canceled project in Bosnia and Herzegovina on the Neretva river.
A notable feature of the Rostock Power Station is that the 160 metre tall cooling tower also serves as chimney.
The Bağıştaş 1 Dam is an embankment dam on the Karasu River near Bağıştaş in İliç district of Erzincan Province, eastern Turkey.
Construction on the project began on 28 November 2006 and all generators were commissioned in 2010.
The Tuaropaki Power Company is 75% owned by the Tuaropaki Trust and 25% by Mighty River Power.
At 100% capacity, the dam wall holds back approximately 1,200 megalitres.
Rio das Mortes, whose source lies between Barbacena and Nossa Senhora dos Remédios, Piauí;
The project was developed by Aegir Wave Power, a 2009 formed joint venture of Vattenfall and the wave power technology developer Pelamis Wave Power.
All of the electricity will be sold directly to the CFE and absorbed into the utility’s transmission system for distribution throughout their existing network.
Collinsville Power Station is located south of Townsville, Queensland, Australia.
It was constructed between 1952 and 1954 for the purpose of hydroelectric power generation.
In 2002, the Nuclear Regulatory Commission extended the operating licenses for both reactors for an additional twenty years.
It has an overall height of 115 metres, a crest length of 870 metres and a base width of 400 metres.
On 26 June, Iraqi forces recaptured the city of Fallujah, before recapturing the remaining pocket of ISIL resistance in Fallujah's western outskirts two days later.
Floodwater is released through a spillway controlled by two 40-by-32-foot gates, with a capacity of 45,700 cubic feet per second.
A cable from the wind farm to Anholt replaces most of the diesel-powered electricity on the island.
Gürsöğüt Dam is a rock-fill embankment dam on the Sakarya River in Ankara Province, Turkey.
The largest dam by structural volume in the country is the Tokuyama Dam with 13,700,000 m3 of rock-fill.
It supports a 460 MW power station.
Palisades is owned and operated by Entergy.
It is located 34 km east of Dongfang.
The turbines are visible from as far away as south Manchester, 15–20 miles away.
It is the second largest power station in Kosovo with capacity of 650 MW after Kosovo B Power Station.
Mamasın Dam is a dam in Turkey.
With this descent, it is favored by both fishermen and advanced paddlers.
The resultant reservoir is called Bromelton Offstream Storage.
The Mancotal Dam is an embankment dam on the Tuma River near Asturias in Jinotega Department, Nicaragua.
The population was 1,950 at the 2010 census.
However, there is one village, Obdam, that is already mentioned in 1120.
Lake Bonney Wind Farm, in South Australia, was built in three stages.
The dam created the artificial Tobin Lake.
The first stage cost €90 million and its annual generation is estimated about 24 GWh.
The dam will create a reservoir covering 40 square kilometers.
It operates at an installed capacity of 300 MW, with an average annual production of 1,003 GWh.
The Dibis Dam was constructed between 1960 and 1965 as part of the larger Kirkuk Irrigation Project for the irrigation of 300,000 ha of land.
From highest in elevation to lowest; Vaitapaa Dam at 17°39′15.23″S 149°26′3.09″W, which lies at an elevation of 411 m above sea level, is 15 m tall.
Located in the Mount Baker National Forest, it is one of six Federal Energy Regulatory Commission-licensed small hydro installations on Federal Government land in Washington state.
Yapraklı Dam is a dam in Turkey.
The 2011 Missouri River floods surrounded the plant with flood water.
The majority owner and operator is NextEra Energy Resources.
Folsom is part of the Sacramento−Arden-Arcade−Roseville Metropolitan Statistical Area.
103 Vestas V47 turbines, each rated at 660 kilowatts, with three 23.5-metre-long blades.
The remaining generators would be operational by 2016.
Libby Dam is 422 feet tall and 3,055 feet long.
It is able to hold 161,470 acre feet of water, of which 29,426 acre feet is reserved for flood control.
It is owned by Companhia Portuguesa de Produção de Electricidade.
The lake is 16 miles west-southwest of Klamath Falls along Oregon Route 66.
Construction on the river diversion tunnel began in 2009 and the dam was complete in 2012.
The list of dams and reservoirs in Afghanistan are listed below.
The dam supplies the Villarino Power Station with water via a tunnel for hydroelectric power generation.
Construction of Unit 4 was to begin in 2011, but was delayed until November 2012 by China's nuclear safety review after the Japanese nuclear accident.
Some of the dams are listed below by prefecture.
Between 1985 and 1994 the station was held on standby, but it resumed generating in 1995 with a reduced capacity of 120 MW.
South Africa has excellent wind energy sites located along its coast and in several inland areas.
After its initial filling, the dam reached its lowest level between December 2002 and February 2003 at 50% capacity.
The Shearon Harris Nuclear Power Plant is a nuclear power plant with a single Westinghouse designed pressurized-water nuclear reactor operated by Duke Energy.
The plant has 2 x 47 MW Francis vertical axis turbines with an installed capacity of 94 MW.
Below is a list of dams and reservoirs in Japan.
Cobb Power Station can be reached from Upper Takaka via a sealed but windy and narrow 28 kilometres road along Takaka River.
The site, which began operating in 1971, has a single nuclear reactor of the General Electric BWR-3 design generating 671 MWe.
The dam is 178 m tall, and was completed in 1998.
The capacity factor is 34%, slightly above the word's average.
Some of the dams are listed below by prefecture.
Dhamtari district falls between two Lok Sabha Constituencies and three Assembly constituencies.The national highway No.
Almonacid de la Cuba is a municipality located in the province of Zaragoza, Aragon, Spain.
It has a total installed capacity of 54 MW, with two units equipped with francis turbines, and has an annual production of approximately 270 GWh.
The installation is located in the Gorj County in southern Romania in Târgu Cărbunești.
The dam's reservoir has a total capacity of 112,000 m3.
The first unit was synchronized in December 2013 and the second unit was synchronized in January 2014 and connected to the grid.
The tallest dam in Japan is the 186 m high Kurobe Dam.
The other two plants, Okuyahagi 1 and 2 are pumped-storage plants.
The dam contains seven surface spillways, two bottom outlets and an underground power station.
The project is to achieve financial close at end of 2015 and commence operations in early 2018.
Power is then distributed throughout camp on the existing and upgraded electrical system.
The following is a list of reservoirs and dams, arranged by continent and country.
First announced by President George W. Bush in 2003, construction started in 2014 after restructuring, canceling, relocating, and restarting.
The hazard potential of the dam has been ranked high.
The primary purpose of the dam is water supply and it provides water for the irrigation of 5,312 ha.
It consists of 8 units each with a generation capacity of 225 MW.
Construction began in 2009 and its reservoir was filled by 31 March 2013.
This sudden flood put parts of Idaho, Washington, and Oregon under hundreds of feet of water in just a few days.
The main advantage being that they can tolerate minor over topping flows as the concrete is resistant to scouring.
The dam has drawn complaints from neighbor Uzbekistan, which fears it will negatively impact its lucrative cotton crops.
After the dam was finished, temporary facilities used during construction were dismantled to ease impact on the local environment.
First Solar supplied the solar panels from their manufacturing plant in Perrysburg, Ohio.
Its primary purpose is flood control but it also provides power, navigation improvement downstream and irrigation.
The Rothenburg Solar Park is a photovoltaic power station in Rothenburg, Oberlausitz in Germany.
It has a crest length of 300 metres and can storage up to 24,960,000 m3 of which 16,630,000 cubic metres can be used for power generation.
Valle 1 and Valle 2 use SENERtrough parabolic trough collector technology, which concentrates solar radiation into a central collector tube with circulating thermal oil.
Crystal Rig 2 & 2a: Both completed in September 2010 they consist of 60 Siemens SWT-2.3 turbines in total capable of producing 138 MW.
In 1948 the government of Dr. D.F.
The tallest dam in Japan is the 186 m high Kurobe Dam.
It is located in Jeedipalli village of Beluguppa mandal.
In May 2001, Bruce Power began operations.
The Gove Dam is an embankment dam on the Kunene River about 75 km south of Huambo in Huambo Province, Angola.
It is situated near Atashgah in Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province and is a complimentary dam to Khersan project along with the proposed Khersan-1 and Khersan-2 Dams.
With a total installed capacity of 1,932 megawatts, it is one of the largest pumped-storage power stations in the world, and the largest in Japan.
Marie is 90-100 MW in summer and 140-150 MW in winter.
The Tauhara Power Station is a geothermal power station north of Taupo in New Zealand.
Two units of 240MW capacity of natural gas and oil-fired steam turbines were retired in late 2008.
Billingham Biomass Power Station is to be built on their site.
The Krom river flows in an ESE direction and is approximately 109 km long with a catchment area of 1,085 km².
The plant initially burned only waste from Teesside, but this was extended to include Northumberland with the 2009 extension.
The Yenikend Hydro Power Plant is one of Azerbaijan's largest hydro power plant having an installed electric capacity of 150 megawatts.
Some of the dams are listed below by prefecture.
It is maintained by the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers, Pittsburgh District.
It the largest hydroelectric project in Nepal, and is slated for completion in 2018.
It is the center-piece of the complex.
These were supposedly the most powerful engines in the world, later surpassed only by the engines operating the locks on the Panama Canal.
The Mohamed V Dam is an arch-gravity dam located 35 kilometres south of Zaio on the Moulouya River in Oujda-Angad Province, Morocco.
The Sinus Holding Wind Farm is an under construction wind power project in Vaslui County, Romania.
It comprises three power stations with a total capacity of 108 megawatts:
Willem Pretorius Game Reserve is the largest game reserve in the Lejweleputswa District Municipality of South Africa, encircling the Allemanskraal Dam.
The site is located 94 km from Surat.
It is 205 m high from the foundation and 185 m high from the river bed.
It is operated by the BKW FMB Energie AG.
At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported.
The dam supports a 1,100 MW power station and a 500-ton ship lift.
It is a run-of-river hydro power station utilizing a drop of 373 meters in some tributaries of the Surna River.
The facility takes non-hazardous waste from households and businesses in Kent and the surrounding area for recycling and energy recovery.
The 134.5 m tall dam withholds a reservoir with a capacity of 321,500,000 m3 and was constructed with both normal concrete and roller-compacted concrete.
It is Utah's largest wind energy project with total capacity of 306 MW.
It is the largest roller-compacted concrete arch-gravity dam in the World.
In 2008 the Austrian company EVN expressed its interest in the Gorna Arda project.
The original plan estimated the displacement of 262 families.
It produces electricity from coal and lignite mined south in the Megalopoli Mine as well as mines in Thoknia and Kyparissia.
To produce power, water is released from the upper reservoirs to the power station located at the lower reservoir.
On average, close to two billion cubic meters of water are added to the country’s water reserves annually.
SAFARI-1 is a 20 MW light water-cooled, beryllium reflected, pool-type research reactor, initially used for high level nuclear physics research programmes and was commissioned in 1965.
The hazard potential of the dam construction has been ranked high.
The last was commissioned on 29 November 2013.
It is one of the dams of the Kodayar Irrigation System.
Construction on the project began in 1982 and it was completed in 1991.
In later years the site was extended to the south side of the canal.
The remaining 25 MW is fixed tilt.
The plant consists of 6 nuclear reactors of 900 MW each.
In order to maintain the recreational and wildlife environments on the reservoir, irrigation releases were halted after 2002.
Loveland is the younger of the two dams on the Sweetwater River; the other, Sweetwater, was built in 1888 while Loveland was only constructed in 1945.
They powered local homes and the many heavy industries of Tyne and Wear, Northumberland and County Durham.
It is a 100 metres tall Masonry gravity dam.
Electricity from the stations powered an area covering Northumberland, County Durham, Cumberland, Yorkshire and as far north as Galashiels in Scotland.
Eufaula Lake is a reservoir in Oklahoma.
Aburagi Dam is a dam built upstream on the class-B Imagawa River, located in the town of Soeda, in the Tagawa District of Fukuoka Prefecture, Japan.
The dam sites were incorporated into Marble Canyon National Monument in 1968, which was absorbed into Grand Canyon National Park in 1975.
It is located on the western shore of Lake Illawarra in the suburb of Yallah.
The dams supports a 69 MW power station and provides water for the irrigation of 99,220 hectares.
The dam and reservoir are also called the Mehingrowal watershed and is situated about 20 km from Hoshiarpur town.
The demonstration project of the Taleghan solar hydrogen energy system was developed in 1996–2005.
The La Magascona and Magasquila photovoltaic power stations and it has a peak output of 23.04 MW.
In 1929, an 87.1 MW unit was inaugurated making it to the largest power station in Poland at those days.
Bayburt Dam is a dam in Kars Province, Turkey, built between 1995 and 2003.
Susqueda Reservoir is a reservoir located on the Ter river, near Osor, Catalonia, Spain.
Forming the lower reservoir will be a 63.9 m tall and 480 m long concrete-face rock-fill dam.
The Megalopoli Power Plant is a power plant in Arcadia in the central Peloponnese that produces electricity for southern Greece and the islands.
Ningde Nuclear Power Plant is a nuclear power plant in Fujian province, China.
It was constructed between 1974 and 1978.
The development was backed by the Turkish State Hydraulic Works.
Reservoirs and dams in Australia is a link page for any reservoir or dam in Australia.
With annual generation capacity of 599 million kilowatt hours, it has been called the "Tibetan Three Gorges".
The wind turbines are built across an area of 6 square kilometres.
Popatkhed Dam, is an earthfill dam on Dather river near Akot, Akola district in the state of Maharashtra in India.
The town is an historical settlement and it was named as Troknada during the Phyrgiaan kingdom.
Its cost was about Rs 20 billion and it became operational in 2013.
The river flows into the Indian Ocean through an estuary on the north side of St Francis Bay, west of Port Elizabeth.
The Uthuru Janani Power Station is a 24-megawatt thermal power station commissioned on 1 January 2013, in Chunnakam, Sri Lanka.
Deutsche Bank and ecoEnergías are the developers of the power plant.
The 6 new turbines installed in 2011 are ENERCON model E70 with a rating of 2.3 MW.
The project is being developed by Crest Energy, with an ultimate size of 200MW at a cost of $600 million.
The dam was built by the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers, Los Angeles District in 1940.
The Parambikulam Dam has been constructed across the river at Anamalai, located in the Western Ghats of Kerala.
The city hosts the Walmart Shareholders Meetings each year at the Bud Walton Arena.
The primary purpose of the dam and its reservoir, Upper Sûre Lake, is to provide municipal water supply and hydroelectric power generation.
Today Vau i Dejës is composed of 8 villages and a city center.
Coquitlam Lake is a reservoir located just north of Coquitlam, British Columbia.
Tokuyama also creates Japan's largest reservoir with a water volume of 660,000,000 m3.
They have been designed to withstand the strongest winds likely in Albany and incorporate special lightning protection.
Twenty additional spill gates were planned for the dam, increasing storage capacity to around 11.5 TMC.
Tokuyama also creates Japan's largest reservoir with a water volume of 660,000,000 m3.
Of the nine dams on the Shō River, it is the furthest upstream.
The Howick Falls are some famous waterfalls on the Mngeni.
The township has an area of about 500 acres over all.
Suma Park Dam is a concrete arch dam across the Summer Hill Creek in the central west region of New South Wales, Australia.
The plant is also known as APS-1 Obninsk.
Constructed in 1994, it was opened by the then state Premier Richard Court in October of that year.
Kosovo A Power Station is a lignite power station with five units at Obilić, Kosovo.
Tokuyama also creates Japan's largest reservoir with a water volume of 660,000,000 m3.
It impounds the Rödelbachgraben, which discharges into the Selke in Straßberg.
The dam was built by Construções A. Supico between 1973 and 1976.
The Rance Tidal Power Station is a tidal power station located on the estuary of the Rance River in Brittany, France.
The dam withholds Lac des Dix, its reservoir.
This river collects much of the drainage of the Waterberg Massif and discharges it to the Limpopo River.
It consists of three lignite-fired thermal power stations.
The dam is operated by BC Hydro.
Below is a partial list of dams and reservoirs in China that are both operational and under construction.
This is done with a pumped-storage power station located below the level of the reservoir.
The dam is 46 m tall and 264 m long.
The Royd Moor Wind Farm is located at Penistone, Barnsley, South Yorkshire, England, and consists of thirteen 500 kW turbines.
The lake extends 64 miles up the Columbia to the US DOE Hanford Site.
The Brennilis Nuclear Power Plant is a decommissioned site located in the Monts d'Arrée in the commune of Brennilis in Finistère, France.
The case, Tennessee Valley Authority v. Hill, 437 U.S. 153, made it to the Supreme Court of the United States.
Blocks 2 and 3 were shut down and demolished in 1993.
In 2007, operation of the Reservoir gates failed due to extensive corrosion.
In December 2014 it was announced that units 3 and 4 would be of the Hualong-1 design.
Construction on the dam began in 2011 and its first generator was commissioned in March 2015, the other three that same year.
Its reservoir has a storage capacity of 1,217,000,000 m3, of which 679,000,000 m3 is reserved for river these purposes.
Tokuyama also creates Japan's largest reservoir with a water volume of 660,000,000 m3.
Huanghe Hydropower's Golmud Solar park is a 200 megawatt photovoltaic power station located in Golmud, Qinghai Province, China.
Stepney Power Station was a small coal-fired power station situated by the Thames on the north side of Narrow Street, Limehouse, London.
In 2008, it was the #1 most efficient coal power plant in the United States with a heat rate of 9,204 Btu/kWh.
Major dam construction started in Iran in the 1950s.
The largest dam by structural volume in the country is the Tokuyama Dam with 13,700,000 m3 of rock-fill.
The power station has an installed capacity of 186.5 MW which feeds into the Java grid managed by the state-owned electricity company Perusahaan Listrik Negara.
The wind farm was officially opened by the Prime Minister in February 2011.
7 villages are under command of Nayka dam.
It is operated by EnBW Kraftwerke AG, until 1997 by EVS, and has seven units.
Golema Rakovitsa is a village in western Bulgaria, part of Elin Pelin Municipality, Sofia Province.
The power station is in Norocholai, Puttalam, on the southern end of the Kalpitiya Peninsula.
The Breede River, also known as Breë River, is a river in the Western Cape Province of South Africa.
North Tees Power Station refers to a series of three coal-fired power stations on the River Tees at Billingham in County Durham.
Gelingüllü Dam is a dam in Turkey.
It was built between 2004 and 2008 at a cost of about $3 million, or $4,285 per kilowatt of power.
The projects are located in Howard, Sterling and Glasscock Counties.
Crystal Rig 1a: An extension completed in May 2007 adding a further 5 N80 turbines to increase the maximum to 62.5 MW.
Each turbine has three 40-metre blades that rotate around a centre-point some 60 metres above the mean sea level.
It uses 13 generators at an installed capacity of 2,525 megawatts.
It was named for Colonel Daniel Randall, a career Army officer who also served as Deputy Paymaster General of the Army
The cost of the project is now expecting to be A$270 million.
The project is proposed by a private developer, Cape Wind Associates, the brainchild of Jim Gordon of Energy Management Inc.
It is eight miles west of Cardiff and is next to a large Ineos Vinyls chemicals works that makes PVC and a Hexion Chemicals plant.
Laguna Verde Nuclear Power Plant is located on the coast of the Gulf of Mexico, in Alto Lucero, Veracruz, Mexico.
It has an average depth of 68 ft and is 174 ft at its deepest.
The feasibility study to be carried out by Japan Atomic Power Company.
The first generator was operational on February 23, 2006 and the last August 10, 2006.
Mahabad–Sardasht Road and Mahabad-Piranshahr Road pass along this beautiful lake.
It supports a 137 megawatts pumped-storage hydroelectric power station.
The Ross River Dam is a rock and eathfill-filled embankment dam across the Ross River, located in Townsville in northern Queensland, Australia.
The Cobb Power Station is a hydroelectric facility on the Cobb River, 112 kilometres northwest of Nelson, New Zealand.
The upper reservoir is created by a 54 m tall and 214 m long rock-fill dam.
Both the power plant and the adjacent mine are owned by the Public Power Corporation.
The dam is 137 feet high and stretches 4,541 feet across the Tennessee River.
It was built in 1969 and is the second largest reservoir in Europe.
The Douro River forms the international boundary between Portugal and Spain.
The water level has a maximum height of 349 metres but varies throughout the year.
The Olmedilla Photovoltaic Park is a 60-megawatt photovoltaic power plant, located in Olmedilla de Alarcón, Spain.
The power plant was designed in Canada by Atomic Energy of Canada Limited in the 1980s, and was contracted during the Communist era.
Mundra Thermal Power Station or Mundra Thermal Power Project is located at Mundra in Kutch district in the Indian state of Gujarat.
The barrage can discharge up to 27,000 m3/s downstream with 42 spillway gates which are each 18.2 m wide.
It was commissioned is 1982, and is operated by JP Elektroprivreda BiH.
The dam's height is 1,819 feet above sea level.
The plant previously had a total generating capacity of 1,976 MW, prior to the permanent shutdown of generating units 1 and 2 in October 2010.
Karpara Dam, is an earthfill dam on Karpara river near Jintur, Parbhani district in state of Maharashtra in India.
The project will be connected to the northern grid through a 220 kV transmission line from Leh to Srinagar.
Kwinana Power Station is Synergy's second-largest power station and is located in Naval Base, Western Australia.
The construction of the dam was completed in 1969, creating a reservoir with a storage capacity of 60.2 hm³.
The Thika dam is a 63 m high, 458 m crest length earthfill dam on the Thika River near Ndakaini, 50 km north of Nairobi, Kenya.
It is close to the city of Luxembourg and Metz.
Coal linkage is achieved with South Eastern Coalfields Limited.
El Capitan Reservoir is a reservoir in central San Diego County, California.
Today it mainly supplies towns and communities in the Hildesheim and Hanover areas.
The plant was commissioned in November 1995 by the Tuoketuo Power Company, who currently owns and operates the power station.
However, on March 31, 2005, the area of Kashima-chou merged with Matsue, making it exactly the same city as the prefecture capital.
The Shaw Group will provide engineering, procurement, commissioning, information management and project management services.
The Såheim Power Station is a hydroelectric power station located in Rjukan, Telemark, Norway, operated by Norsk Hydro.
The temperature during the day near the dam rises up to 35 degrees Celsius and drops to a minimum of 18 to 20 °C at night.
From there, the Tisza flows west, roughly following Ukraine's borders with Romania, then Hungary, and finally Serbia.
The Capricorn Ridge Wind Farm is located in Sterling and Coke counties, Texas.
It will have 10 individual turbines with a nominal output of around 17 MW which will deliver up to 170 MW of power.
Indeed there is not a tree to be seen, and the general aspect is one of bleakness.
Ramagundam B Super Thermal Power Plant is located at Ramagundam in Telangana.
Haditha is a city in the western Iraqi Al Anbar Governorate, about 240 km northwest of Baghdad.
The Akao Dam is a gravity dam on the Shō River in Nishiakao village about 18 km south of Nanto in Toyama Prefecture, Japan.
Despite giving it its name to the reservoir, the municipality of Boadella i les Escaules is not located within its boundaries.
The power produced from the Cedar Creek wind farm is sold to the Public Service Company of Colorado.
Karwappa Dam, is an earthfill dam on Karwappa river near Gadchiroli in state of Maharashtra in India.
The Takahama Nuclear Power Plant is a nuclear power plant located in the town of Takahama, Ōi District, Fukui Prefecture.
Most of the steam created is used onsite for other experimental uses, equating to only 0.5MW maximum that can be utilized to generate electricity.
The hazard potential of the dam has been ranked high.
It has an average elevation of 235 meters.Distance to State capital Jaipur is around 150 km.
It is owned by Companhia Portuguesa de Produção de Electricidade.
Swimming and water sports are not permitted on the lake, but there is a public path around the lakeshore.
At 17 MW, it was commissioned in 2008.
Designs were finalized in 1982, revised in the early 1990s and construction began in 1999.
To commemorate this event the Bear Monument was erected in 1900.
Leonice was working in Sento se as a school teacher when she was accused of having sex with a student.
The reservoir is popular for water sports and fishing.
Boating and fishing are very popular, with a walk-in fly fishing area located on Rapid Creek below the dam.
It was owned and operated by Consumers Power, now known as Consumers Energy.
The Mystic Generating Station is a power station in the state of Massachusetts which has the highest nameplate capacity of any station in the state.
The Shiroro Power Station is a hydroelectric power plant of the Kaduna River in Niger State, Nigeria.
It was established in 1977 and its primary purpose is to serve for irrigation and domestic use.
The forecast cost is $900 million In December 2009, the original plan for 242 turbines, the plan was changed to only have 157 turbines.
The main purpose of the dam is for irrigation of farming land in the lower Lockyer Valley.
The Engineer Sérgio Motta Dam, formerly known as the Porto Primavera Dam, is an embankment dam on the Paraná River near Rosana in São Paulo, Brazil.
It has a nameplate capacity of 2.25MW which is enough to power 1000 homes at peak.
The Avedøre Power Station is a combined heat and power station, located in Avedøre, Denmark, just south of Copenhagen, and is owned by DONG Energy A/S.
The dam is located about 15 km north of the Habahe county seat.
The Pathfinder Atomic Power Plant was a nuclear power plant built by Northern States Power Company.
It was the second nuclear power plant in the USSR and the first industrial-scale nuclear power plant in the country.
The generating capacity of Fort Loudoun Dam is enhanced by the Tellico Reservoir, from which water is diverted via canal to Fort Loudoun Lake.
Below is a list of dams and reservoirs in Japan.
The dam's hydroelectric power plant also generates 132 gigawatt-hours on average annually.
Manar Project is situated at village Barul which is, 51.92 km.
The Bureya Dam is a hydroelectric dam on the Bureya River in the Russian Far East.
The Mosonszolnok Wind Farm is a wind farm in Győr-Moson-Sopron County, Hungary.
Generating capacity has now increased to 7.6 MW.
It was built in two halves within the same building.
Both stages have an installed capacity of 8.4 megawatts.
In the Gujarat state, the first mosque was established in Jhanor-Gandhar.
It also provides municipal water to Spanish Town.
Each turbine is mounted on a 40-metre-high steel lattice tower.
It is owned and operated by AES Corporation.
The project has the capability of generating an average annual energy of 465 GWh.
Its reservoir, with a capacity of 880,000,000 m3, is also the largest artificial lake in Sweden.
The pipeline is expected to be complete in 2014 and the water treatment should be operational in 2015.
The first generator had a capacity of 22.5 MW.
The construction of the dam was first proposed by the Cyprus Water Development board in 1968.
Tokuyama also creates Japan's largest reservoir with a water volume of 660,000,000 m3.
The 75.5 m tall dam was completed in 1985.
Storage capacity is approximately 1,485 acre·ft at the spillway crest but the reservoir is dry most of the year.
It flows generally north for its first 25 miles into eastern Hancock County, where it turns sharply to the west.
It was among the first concrete gravity dams built in the western United States.
The bridge is fully within Boston, with the city line to the north, at the center of the original river.
The dam is earthen and rockfill, built solely to divert water into irrigation canals serving the Palo Verde Irrigation District.
Oulu is a city and municipality of 198,804 inhabitants in the region of Northern Ostrobothnia, Finland.
With the completion of phase 3 of the project it has a generating capacity of 416 megawatts .
The reservoir has a surface area of 10 square kilometres and is 2,262 metres above sea level.
Currently the plant is co-fired with about 9% biomass, with a target of 30% co-fuelling by 2015.
In August 2012 OPPD signed a deal for Exelon Nuclear Partners to manage the plant although OPPD would maintain ownership.
In South African English, a dam refers to both the wall as well as the reservoir or lake that builds up as a consequence.
The city is unusual in drawing most of its water supply from an open air source, the reservoir, which can occasionally be affected by algal blooms.
In August 2015, suspected Kurdistan Workers' Party militants set fire to three cement trucks associated with the dam construction site.
The Laleli Dam is an embankment dam, currently under construction near the town of Laleli on the Çoruh River in Erzurum Province, Turkey.
The tallest dam in Japan is the 186 m high Kurobe Dam.
The tallest dam in Japan is the 186 m high Kurobe Dam.
The site was opened in 1993 and closed in 2006; it contains nearly 9,000,000 cubic yards of waste.
It is the country's only wind farm.
The Kinjo Dam is a concrete gravity dam on the Li River in Naha, Okinawa Prefecture, Japan.
Some of the dams are listed below by prefecture.
The Lianhua Dam is a concrete-face rock-fill dam on the Mudan River in Linkou County of Heilongjiang Province, China.
Lake Strom Thurmond, also known as Clarks Hill Lake, is a reservoir at the border between Georgia and South Carolina in the Savannah River Basin.
The dam was built to provide work and income to people at the time.
It is a major reservoir on the Sokoto River, a tributary of the Rima River, which in turn feeds the Niger River.
Poortjieskloof Dam is a double curvature arch type dam located in the Groot River in Western Cape, South Africa.
The roadway on top of the dam is closed, estimated to reopen in 2017.
Tokuyama also creates Japan's largest reservoir with a water volume of 660,000,000 m3.
The reservoir is mostly in Italy whereas the Punt dal Gall arch dam is crossed by the border with Switzerland.
Tellico Village and other lakefront residential communities have been built along the shores of Tellico Lake.
The reported purpose of the dam is water storage for drinking supply and it can also support a 2.4 MW hydroelectric power station in the future.
Marie, Ontario, Canada, in 2011 became Canada's second largest photovoltaic plant with an installed capacity of 68 MWp.
Power is generated by releasing water from the upper Cesima reservoir down to the power plant which contains four reversible 250 MW Francis pump-turbine-generators.
The Hongyanhe Nuclear Power Plant is one of the newest Nuclear power plants in the world.
It can withhold up to 83,300,000 m3.
It forms a reservoir called Lake Shannon which stretches 7.5 miles upstream.
Matsukawa is a town located in Shimoina District in far southern Nagano Prefecture, in the Chūbu region of Japan.
A concrete diaphragm wall was built through the core of the dam to stop leakage.
The wind turbines are located 400 m above sea level.
The reservoir was filled by 30 April 2015 and the first generator was commissioned on 5 November 2015.
This station has two Westinghouse pressurized water reactors.
Lennox Generating Station is a natural gas-fired station in Lennox and Addington County, Ontario, Canada.
Meadow Lake Power Station is a natural gas-fired station owned by SaskPower, located in Meadow Lake, Saskatchewan, Canada and operated as a peaking plant.
The wall, which is an earthfill embankment, is 63.5 metres in height making it the second highest dam wall entirely within Zimbabwe.
Construction of a diversion tunnel started in early 1952.
The river flows through the Black Warrior Basin, a region historically important for the extraction of coal and methane.
In 2006, record rainfall in the catchment area of Waghur was recorded.
The plant is a CANDU Pressurised Heavy Water Reactor.
The project has become known as a classic example of development failure.
Plans for a second reactor were shelved.
Mount Bold Reservoir is the largest reservoir in South Australia with a maximum capacity of over forty-six thousand megalitres.
A campsite exists, with free toilet facilities.
It is a run-of-river hydro power station utilizing a drop of 231 meters in a tributary of the Surna River.
There are many onsen on the outskirts of the city, including the resort areas of Iizaka Onsen, Takayu Onsen, and Tsuchiyu Onsen.
These streams pour their water into the Nyumba ya Mungu Reservoir.
Plans for the scheme began with then Governor of Jamaica John Peter Grant in 1870.
The former plant was sold to St. Louis–based Commercial Development Company in October 2016.
The Googong Dam is now on the boundary in the east, which was constructed in 1979.
Derwent Power Station is a 214MWe gas-fired power station on Holme Lane near Spondon in Derby, England.
A fish bypass was constructed around the dam in 2015.
The investment cost for the Pianu solar park amounts to some Euro 30 million.
Duncan Dam is a dam spanning the Duncan River in the Canadian province of British Columbia.
A proposed $500 million project would increase the thickness of the dam by 350 feet so that it could better withstand a quake in the region.
Below is a list of dams and reservoirs in Japan.
Gandao Dam is a gravity dam under construction near town of Ghalanai in Mohmand Agency of FATA, Pakistan.
The reservoir has a surface area of 62 km2 which caused the relocation of 6,335 families.
The plant burns wood waste provided by the sawmill that manufactures dimensional lumber, without charge, to heat water and create steam.
Aberdeen Bay Wind Farm is an offshore wind farm to be located around 3 kilometres off the east coast of Aberdeenshire, in the North Sea, Scotland.
First concrete for Unit 4 followed one year later, on 23 December 2016.
Little Grass Valley Reservoir is an artificial lake in Plumas County, California and Plumas National Forest near the Pacific Crest Trail.
The primary purpose of the dam is to generate hydroelectric power and it has a 29 MW power station.
The Maze River is a river in Japan which originates in Takayama, Gifu.
It was constructed by a joint venture of Kajima Construction Corporation, Ltd., and Daewoo Engineering & Construction with Bauer Maschinen.
It is expected to impact on emissions from power stations.
The tallest dam in Japan is the 186 m high Kurobe Dam.
Dam Sen Cultural Park is an amusement park located in District 11, Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam.
It is Detroit Edison's second largest power producer.
The most recent addition was commissioned in September 2007.
The wind farm was fully operational by 2007.
They are driven by vertical axis Kaplan turbines.
Owner and operator of the power plant is Nepal Electricity Authority.
Tisgaon Dam, is an earthfill dam on Parashri river near Dindori, Nashik district in the state of Maharashtra in India.
The power plant is one of the coal based power plants of APGENCO.
Designed by Alphonse Fteley, this masonry dam is 266 feet broad at its base and 297 feet high from base to crest.
The process is repeated as necessary and the plant serves as a peaking power plant.
Coal Clough Wind Farm is one of the oldest onshore wind farms in England.
It is located 70 km east of Jakarta, close to the medium-size town of Purwakarta.
Construction began in December 2011 and full commercial operation was achieved in November 2013.
Lastly, Papenoo 3 contains two 4 MW Pelton turbine-generators and is located at 17°33′9.02″S 149°25′54.90″W.
It is also India's first fully indigenously constructed nuclear power station, with two units each generating 220 MW of electricity.
The value of this electricity is about 9.1 billion Euros.
Its single Combustion Engineering pressurized water reactor weighs 425 tons and has steel walls 8 1⁄2 inches thick.
Studies for the dam were completed between 2005 and 2009 with preliminary construction beginning that year.
Nygårdsfjellet Wind Farm is a windfarm located in Narvik, Norway.
Water from the Kouhrang is stored in a circular dam before being sent to the power station.
Due to the loose sandy nature of the surface soil, a flexible impervious liner was used that could adapt to settling or deformation of the embankment.
The Suofengying Dam is a concrete gravity dam on the Wu River, 44 km northwest of Guiyang in Guizhou Province, China.
The impounded reservoir is called Lake Gordon.
The site in Yangjiang was selected for nuclear development in 1988.
The dam serves to provide water supply, hydroelectric power generation and recreation.
The plant is now owned by ContourGlobal, LP.
NextEra Energy Resources operates and partially owns the plants located at Kramer Junction and Harper Lake.
Some of the dams are listed below by prefecture.
Of the world's total large dams, China accounts for the most – 20 percent of them; 45 percent of which are used for irrigation.
When Kriel was completed in 1979 it was the largest coal-fired power station in the Southern Hemisphere.
It is constructed of roller-compacted concrete and is the first of its type in California.
Blaiken wind farm, has been chosen as a demonstration plant by the EU's NER300 programme, one of the world's largest funding programmes for climate-neutral energy.
So the word should be understood as "dike from dug out earth".
It is owned and operated by the Ministry of Water and Electricity.
In 2000–2007 the plant was managed by the Nuclear Management Company.
The development was backed by the Turkish State Hydraulic Works.
The power station contains pump-generators for two co-located but hydraulically separated power schemes; the Chiotas-Piastra Plant and Rovina-Piastra Plant.
Strikes and the Great Depression of the 1930s caused further problems.
Surrounding the hamlet of Lockhart, Mojave Solar is adjacent to Harper Lake and the SEGS VIII–IX solar plant.
The dam is located in Godavari river basin
The Kambar-Ati-1 Hydro Power Plant at the base of the dam will have a capacity of around 2,000 megawatts.
Within the Lower Harz region are still many traces of the historical water management facilities used by the mining industry.
Vaalharts Storage Weir is a dam in South Africa.
A mini hydro-electric power station operates at times of peak flow and is connected to the national grid.
But the original project provision is for the supply of 52 million imperial gallons per day from the year 2011 onwards.
In co-generation mode the heating capacity is 398 MWt.
The wind farm became operational in June 2015.
The construction site is 10 km north of Lisle-sur-Tarn, in the Department of Tarn.
Source of water for the power plant is Rampur distributories of Gurgaon canal.
The dam has an associated 7.4 MW hydroelectric power station which was commissioned in 1968.
Below is a list of dams and reservoirs in Japan.
The station primarily provided district heating for the Stockholm suburb Farsta, as well as a small amount of electricity, 12 MW.
The Leasburg Diversion Dam is a structure completed in 1907 on the Rio Grande in New Mexico, United States.
The project was developed by the independent developer SunRay that was later acquired by SunPower.
The town is located in what is called the 'Green Heart' of the Netherlands, which is a somewhat less densely populated centre area of the Randstad.
Each section details a brief summary of that city or town's history during the Syrian Civil War.
It is located 63 kilometres northwest of Tehran and 23 kilometres north of Karaj.
Solapur Super Thermal Power Station is under construction power project located at Fatatewadi and Aherwadi village in Solapur district in Indian state of Maharashtra.
Bayramdere Dam is a dam in Çanakkale Province, Turkey.
The Jaisalmer Wind Park is India's 2nd largest operational onshore wind farm.
The upper Ghatghar dam is 15 m tall and on the Pravara River, a tributary of Godavari river.
Googong contains the developed areas of Fernleigh Park, Little Burra, Googong Township and Mount Campbell Estate.
Part of the water is diverted from here through a 1,795 m long tunnel to the Rappbode Reservoir.
It is located on the Nahari River immediately downstream from the Yanase Dam and further upstream from the Hiranabe Dam.
Himayat Sagar is an artificial lake about 20 km from Hyderabad in Telangana, India.
The Virgil C. Summer Nuclear Generating Station occupies a site near Jenkinsville, South Carolina, in Fairfield County, South Carolina, approximately 20 miles northwest of Columbia.
Another sizable lake, Brook Lake, also stands below the dam.
It has 250 individual wind turbines with a nominal output of around 2 MW each, which deliver up to 500 MW of power.
The Cingino Dam is a gravity masonry dam located 7 kilometres southwest of Antrona Schieranco, Province of Verbano-Cusio-Ossola in Piedmont, Italy.
Çakmak Dam is a dam in Turkey.
Another purpose of the dam which has been widely reported in the Turkish press is to reduce the freedom of movement of PKK militants.
Construction on the dam began in 1971 and it was completed in 1975.
It is one of the planned hydroelectric power plants of Vakhsh Cascade.
The entire length of the river is home to many renowned hot springs.
It joins the Someșul Rece in Lake Gilău, a reservoir near Gilău.
Below is a list of dams and reservoirs in Japan.
Khoda Afarin Dam is an earth-fill embankment dam on the Aras River straddling the border between Iran and Azerbaijan.
It straddles the border of the village of Kitashiobara and the town of Inawashiro, both in the Yama district of Fukushima Prefecture, Japan.
Staythorpe C Power Station is a 1,735 MWe gas-fired power station between Southwell and Newark-on-Trent in Nottinghamshire, between the River Trent and Nottingham to Lincoln Line.
The Letsatsi Solar Park is a 75-megawatt solar photovoltaic power station in Bloemfontein, Free State, South Africa.
It exploits the water from Botnedalsvatn, a height difference of 290 metres.
A total of 11 dams along the border; seven in Şırnak Province and four in Hakkâri Province were implemented for this purpose.
As of October 2013, it was estimated that this project could come online in the 2016 to 2020 time frame.
The Porce III Dam is an embankment dam on the Porce River 90 kilometres northeast of Medellín in Antioquia Department, Colombia.
These high-efficiency gas turbines each have the capacity to produce 100MW of electricity.
In 1994 the Angus C. Anson Generating Station was built at the same site.
By 1938 the load on the power station had increased to the stage where a third generator set was required.
It was constructed for hydroelectric power production and flood control.
Construction on the dam began in 1975 and was formally commissioned on 1 December 1980.
It is the third reservoir built in this river after Arbón and Doiras.
The first reconstruction of the plant was carried out from 1999 to 2001, and the second one, to be completed in 2010, was launched in 2007.
Its primary purpose is to generate hydroelectric power.
The first of 20 generators in the power station was commissioned in 1964, the last in 1968.
The dam and power station were designed by Kristian Thomsen and S. A. Angelo in 1909.
The dam also provides for navigation with two ship locks.
The adjacent Yonki villages support the operation of the dam and power station.
During 2001 GPU Inc. merged with FirstEnergy Corporation.
Construction on the project began in 2007 and is expected to be complete in 2016.
The Contractor is Yϋksel-iLci Joint Venture, Aphalt Core Subcontractor is Veidekke Industri AS.
The Churchill Dam and the Impofu Dam are dams on the Krom River.
Kriel Power Station in Mpumalanga, South Africa, is a coal-fired power plant operated by Eskom.
The city of Veliky Novgorod, the towns of Kirishi, Volkhov, and Novaya Ladoga, and a historically important village of Staraya Ladoga are located along the Volkhov.
The Tsuruga Nuclear Power Plant is a nuclear power plant located in the town of Tsuruga, Fukui Prefecture.
Rapel Lake is an artificial lake created by a dam on the Rapel River.
There is a €6,500,000 reconstruction plan undergoing for the fifth generator.
There are two dams with hydroelectric power plants on the river.
At the time of its completion, the Saluda Dam was the world's largest earthen dam, creating the world's largest man-made lake, Lake Murray.
The Princess Amalia Wind Farm is an offshore wind farm in the Netherlands.
Some of the dams are listed below by prefecture.
Below is a list of dams and reservoirs in Japan.
Removal of the Elwha Dam began in September 2011 and was fully complete by March 2012, allowing the Elwha River to flow freely through the site.
Rio Grande dams and diversions are structures that store water along the Rio Grande or its tributaries, or that divert water for use in irrigation.
It impounds the Lam Dom Noi River, and its reservoir is the province's largest water resource.
Tokuyama also creates Japan's largest reservoir with a water volume of 660,000,000 m3.
It was established in 1975 and rebuilt in 1989 after breaching during a flood.
The power station was modernized between 2007 and 2011 and the upper reservoir was reconstructed in 2006.
Its 198 m chimney is a prominent landmark, but it is not, as is sometimes claimed, the highest point in Hampshire.
When full, the reservoir's surface area is 2,340 acres.
Red Bluff Reservoir is a reservoir on the Pecos River 40 miles north of Pecos, Texas.
The project was completed with Canadian aid.
The license application was withdrawn on August 31, 2016.
Enertrade acquired the station and associated gas pipeline in June 2003.
Vatnsfell is an Icelandic hydroelectric power station situated in the Highlands of Iceland, at the south end of lake Þórisvatn, just before the Sprengisandur highland road.
It is owned and operated by Mercury Energy, and is the seventh and penultimate hydroelectric power station on the Waikato River.
Musaözü Dam is a dam in Turkey.
The Pubugou Dam is a concrete face rock-fill embankment dam on the Dadu River, a tributary of the Yangtze River in Sichuan Province.
Designs were carried out between 1980 and 1983.
The upper reservoir is created by a 50 m tall and 499.6 m long rock-fill dam with asphalt concrete facing.
The reactor has 193 fuel elements totaling a core weight of 103 tons.
The Murum Dam is a gravity dam on the Murum River in Sarawak, Malaysia.
The Moe River is a perennial river of the West Gippsland catchment, located in the West Gippsland region of the Australian state of Victoria.
Newburgh Lock and Dam is the 16th Lock and dam on the Ohio River, located 776 miles down stream of Pittsburgh.
On 18 August, the first generator was operational and the last two in 2005.
As of 2010, Iran has constructed 588 dams, with 137 more under construction and 546 planned.
The Bin el Ouidane Dam is an arch dam located 28 kilometres south of Beni Mellal on the El Abid River in Azilal Province, Morocco.
All of the Round 1 offshore wind farms were limited to a maximum area of 10 square kilometres, and no more than 30 wind turbines.
It ceased to be used following an expansion of the nearby Close Power Station in 1907.
Andhra Pradesh largely owes its rich agriculture to the Prakasam dam as the project facilitated the irrigation of large tracts of farmland.
KSO uses a superheated steam cycle that should be able to reach a maximum operating temperature of 530 °C.
The hydroelectric power plant, spillway and other associated structures will be completed separately.
It is owned and operated by the Shikoku Electric Power Company.
This river is important as part of the Tugela-Vaal Water Transfer Scheme where water is transferred from the Tugela River basin to the Vaal River basin.
Announcement of the project start came roughly twelve months after Westinghouse won a bidding contest over other companies.
Additionally, the dam provides for flood mitigation, recreation and for the generation of hydroelectricity.
The reservoir and the surrounding canyon are part of the Bighorn Canyon National Recreation Area.
The dam's left bank canal feeds water to an area of 1,522 km2.
The reservoir created by the dam is called Riffe Lake and the primary purpose of the dam is hydroelectric production while flood control is secondary.
Kelzar Dam, is an earthfill dam on Aram river near Satana, Nashik district in the state of Maharashtra in India.
In the further planning process the output was increased to 600 and then 900 MW.
At the dam, the Finlay, the Parsnip and the Peace Rivers feed into Williston Lake, also referred to as Williston Reservoir.
The Ostrołęka B power station was built in 1972.
It is located on Kaveri river approximately 20 KM from Trichy, but the dam falls under Thanjavur district .
Tokuyama also creates Japan's largest reservoir with a water volume of 660,000,000 m3.
On 4 May 2012, ground was broken for two new reactors, Shin Uljin-1 and -2 using APR-1400 reactors.
The lower reservoir is located on Hebei River and the upper reservoir is located in a valley above the north side of the lower reservoir.
Its chimney is the tallest structure in Bucharest with a height of 240 metres.
Each 50 MWe has the capacity to supply 160 Gwh of safe, clean power per year, to supply 40,000 homes.
San Bernardino County, officially the County of San Bernardino, is a county located in the southern portion of the U.S. state of California.
The dam will benefit the Idamalayar Irrigation Development Project by diverting water released from the tail race channel of the Idamalayar power station.
The 288 m long dam creates the Kiev Reservoir with the purpose of hydroelectric power generation and navigability with the dam's associated lock.
US$63 million in funding for the project was provided by the World Bank.
The tallest dam in Japan is the 186 m high Kurobe Dam.
Construction on the dam began in 1978 and the dam structure was complete on December 23, 1989.
It is the capital of Hòa Bình Province, and located 76 kilometres from Hanoi, and 5 kilometres from the Đà River.
The third generation unit was built from December 2005 to November 2007.
The difference in elevation between the upper and lower reservoir affords a hydraulic head of 528 m.
The capacity factor of the farm has been 31 to 36%.
The construction duration of the dam was between the years of 1955 and 1967.
Engineering Consultants, Merz & McLellan, were employed for the design and supervision of the construction of the power station.
It provides irrigation facilities to parts of Salem, the length of Erode, Namakkal, Karur, Tiruchirappali and Thanjavur district for 271,000 acres of farm land.
The main portion of the dam is an earthen embankment; the spillway and irrigation headworks sections are concrete gravity.
The main-purpose of the Dibis Dam is to divert water from the Lesser Zab River into the Kirkuk Irrigation Project.
It is the traditional water supply of the European part of Istanbul.
The Alqueva Dam is an arch dam and the center-piece of the Alqueva Mutlipurpose Project.
Hydro Power Company Gorna Arda is a Bulgarian company, established in 1999 by the National Electricity Company and the Turkish Ceylan Holding.
Primarily it serves for domestic use and industrial purposes and its hazard potential has been ranked high.
The installed capacity is 90 MW, and the head is 67 metres.
The largest dam by structural volume in the country is the Tokuyama Dam with 13,700,000 m3 of rock-fill.
Rogun Dam is an embankment dam under construction on the Vakhsh River in southern Tajikistan.
It was named for two brothers, Charles P. Hoover and Clarence B. Hoover, to honor their careers with the City of Columbus Waterworks.
Below is a list of dams and reservoirs in Japan.
The dam's reservoir and wetlands were designated as a Ramsar site in 2005.
Per the 2008 annual generation report, the project generated 6,089,209 KW-hours.
Arklow Bank Wind Park is a 25 megawatt offshore wind farm generating electrical power for the Wicklow region in Ireland.
Below is a list of dams and reservoirs in Japan.
It will sell its energy and capacity into the PJM Interconnection capacity market regional grid.
In July 2012, reports emerged that the dam had dried up completely due to large-scale siltation.
From South Ukraine Nuclear Power Plant a 750 kV powerline runs to Isaccea, Romania, but it is mostly dismantled or ruined.
The largest dam by structural volume in the country is the Tokuyama Dam with 13,700,000 m3 of rock-fill.
Manjara Dam, is an earthfill dam on the Manjara River near Kaij and Kalamb, Osmanabad district in state of Maharashtra in India.
It was capable of operating on either coal or oil though in practice oil was used only as a secondary fuel or for startup.
Croydon B power station's chimneys have been retained as a local landmark.
It was rediscovered by Georg Schweinfurth in 1885.
It was constructed between 1981 and 1985.
After serving as an important base in the Indian Wars, Fort Randall closed in 1892.
The Grančarevo Dam is an arch dam on the Trebišnjica River near Gornje Grančarevo in the municipality of Trebinje in Bosnia and Herzegovina.
It has two Pelton turbines manufactured by Ghet Hydro Energy and two generators manufactured by WEG.
When the last generating units were commissioned, it was the largest power station in the southern hemisphere, with a capacity of 375 megawatts from eleven turbo-alternators.
The Zobe Dam is in Dutsin-Ma local government area of Katsina State in the north of Nigeria.
Sakthan Thampuran Bio-Waste Treatment Plant is the first bio-waste plant in Kerala that uses organic waste converter technology to convert waste into manure.
Water resource projects, commencing in 1971 and in 2003, have had various measures of success.
The lock will be demolished and Olmsted Lock and Dam will replace it.
The primary purpose of the dam is hydroelectric power generation and it supports a 947.5 MW power station.
It is named after the former governor of Santa Cruz Jorge Cepernic.
It borders Jerrabomberra and Karabar on the north and Environa on the west.
Ohrigstad Dam is a rockfill type dam located close to Ohrigstad in Mpumalanga, South Africa.
Guohua Taishan Power Station is a coal-fired power station in Taishan, Jiangmen, Guangdong, China.
However, prolonged drought in the first two decades of the 21st century has left the dam virtually empty, badly damaging local agricultural production.
It has been termed "the drowning machine" in recognition of its danger to boaters and swimmers who can be trapped in the flow at its base.
In 1967, the weir was raised by 1.2m to its current height of 11m.
In drought years where demand exceeds forecasted supply.
The dam creates a large Danjiangkou Reservoir.
The dam stands 203 feet high and spans 765 feet across the narrow gorge of the Sweetwater River, 2.4 miles south of Alpine.
It serves several purposes to include power, irrigation, flood control and municipal water supply to the city of Bursa.
The purpose of the dam is to produce hydroelectric power, provide water for irrigation and to control floods.
It was established in 1977 and serves mainly for municipal and industrial use.
This dam ranks number one in India as well as in the top ten dams in the world for volume capacity.
Prado Flood Control Basin also provides water storage for groundwater recharge operations.
Januna Dam, is an earthfill dam on local river near Barshi Takali, Akola district in the state of Maharashtra in India.
A fish ladder was installed on the dam during construction to assist the migration of fish, shrimp and crabs.
It will consist of eight individual wind farms connected together.
The Manso Dam is a hydroelectric dam on the Manso River, a tributary of the Cuiabá River, in the state of Mato Grosso, Brazil.
The lake provides a habitat for half a million migratory birds and is a favorite destination for birding.
The lower reservoir, Dahe Reservoir, was originally built in 1960 but repaired extensively for the project.
In May 2016 the federal government stated it is "not revisiting projects that have been reviewed and approved".
At the time of closure, each reactor had a net capacity of 600 megawatts.
In 1962 the dam was nationalized and came under the control of ENEL as part of the Italian Ministry for Public Works.
Ratnagiri Gas and Power Private Limited is a joint venture of NTPC Limited, GAIL, Government of Maharashtra.
It was capable of co-firing biomass, natural gas and sludge.
However, in 2017, the utility operators of the power station voted to close the facility when the lease expires in 2019.
The Puertollano Photovoltaic Park is the fourth largest photovoltaic power station in the world, with a nominal capacity of 47.6 MW.
A nearby but different wind farm known as Te Waka/Titiokura Wind Farm has been proposed by Unison.
In 2004, the district heating network prevented 15,108 tonnes of CO2 from being released from buildings across the city, compared to energy derived from fossil fuels.
The former lock at the Charles River Dam Bridge now allows water and small ships to flow freely.
In between Abt Ichishiro Station and Nagashima Dam Station, the gradient is very steep and an Abt rack system is used.
Amistad Dam is a major embankment dam across the Rio Grande between Texas, United States and Coahuila, Mexico.
Seawater, with its salt content, is unfit to be used as working fluid, without desalination.
Tokuyama also creates Japan's largest reservoir with a water volume of 660,000,000 m3.
The Nanairo Dam is a concrete gravity-arch dam located in Kumano, Mie Prefecture, Japan.
it is the primary dam to prevent flooding in North Phoenix.
EDF Luminus has a 10% stake in the two newest units.
The power plant is one of the coal based power plants of Mahagenco.
The power plant is one of the coal based power plants of HPGCL.
The surrounding western mountains formed the first continental divide experienced by European settlers in the 18th century.
The Someșul Cald is the left headwater of the river Someșul Mic in Romania.
In 2012 a small amount of explosive was found underneath a truck at the plant.
It is in an elevated position at approximately 80 metres above the Southern Ocean.
As of January 2015, most of the turbines are not supplying power to shore, costing ratepayers €2million per day.
It has an installed capacity of 120 MW.
Rajiv Gandhi Thermal Power Station is located at Khedar in Hisar district of Haryana.
The sanctuary was established in 1958 consisting of Palappilli- Nelliyampathi forests including the area of Chimmony Wildlife sanctuary and is the second oldest sanctuary in Kerala.
Below is a list of dams and reservoirs in Japan.
The North Anna Nuclear Generating Station is a nuclear power plant on a 1,075-acre site in Louisa County, Virginia, in the Mid-Atlantic United States.
The solar collectors feed heat to the existing steam plant, displacing gas generated electricity at an estimated rate of 155,000 MWh per year.
Commissioned in 1963, it was co-located with the larger, newer Northern Power Station.
The Goodnough Dike is not as large as the Winsor Dam, but it is equally important as they both trap the waters of the Quabbin Reservoir.
It was the first hydroelectric power station in South Vietnam.
Power is sold to San Diego Gas & Electric on a 25-year agreement.
The development was backed by the Turkish State Hydraulic Works.
It was constructed between 1997 and 2004.
The plant is currently in the initial stages of preparation to be decommissioned after being closed in 2013 following the failure of replacement steam generators.
The dam created the artificial Tobin Lake.
Atucha I is one of three operational nuclear power plants of Argentina.
Due to inflation and cost overruns, Clinton's final construction cost $4.25 billion, nearly 1,000% over the original budget of $430 million and seven years behind schedule.
It was built to replace the electricity supply from Gloucester Corporation's works on Commercial Road.
It is designed to irrigate an area of 245,000 ha.
Construction on the dam began in 1994 after seven years of studies and planning.
The Ilha Solteira Dam is an embankment dam on the Paraná River near Ilha Solteira in São Paulo, Brazil.
A 150 MW power station on the main dam contains six 25 MW hydroelectric turbine-generators.
Construction started on December 30, 1970 and ended on December 10, 1988.
Upstream from the dam is Hogenakal Falls.
Phase 1 comes with a full-load molten salt storage capacity of 3 hours.
The South Bay Incinerator was a trash incinerator located in Roxbury, Massachusetts.
The spillway covers 22 percent in the center of the dam and the earth-fill dam completes the remaining 35 percent in length.
Together these create electricity for over 17,000 homes in the U.K.
The Leibis-Lichte Dam is a 102.5-metre-tall dam in the German state of Thuringia in the Thuringian Highland.
The Baysh Dam is a gravity dam on Wadi Baysh about 35 km northeast of Baysh in the Jizan Region of southwestern Saudi Arabia.
The Elbow Creek Wind Project is a 122 megawatt wind farm in Howard County near Big Spring, Texas.
It is located on the island of Maui above the town of Maalaea in the West Maui Mountains.
The impounded reservoir is called the Bendora Reservoir which is a supply source of potable water for the city of Canberra and its environs.
Ambuclao, Bokod, Benguet province in the Philippines.
When operational, it was New Zealand's northernmost power station with a capacity exceeding 50 MW.
Other important economic sectors include fisheries, mining, manufacturing industries, trade and other services being rendered by public and private sector organizations in the province.
Below is a list of dams and reservoirs in Japan.
The dam serves mainly for irrigation purposes and its hazard potential has been ranked high.
The power station was commissioned in 1978 and is run-of-the-river.
            
The nuclear power station has three VVER-1000 pressurized water reactors and a net generation capacity of 2,850 megawatts.
Plans centered on two sites between miles 30 and 40 in the canyon.
The energy will be used to operate the Mongstad Refinery as well to supply the Troll Gas Field with power.
Meaningful construction progress at the site site was halted in 1988.
The Komaki Dam is an arch-gravity dam on the Shō River about 2.5 km southeast of Shogawa in Toyama Prefecture, Japan.
Riverside Energy Center is an electrical power station located north of Beloit, Wisconsin in the Town of Beloit, just west of the Rock River.
This plant provides electrical power to customers in Arizona, Nevada, and California.
In South African English, a dam refers to both the wall as well as the reservoir or lake that builds up as a consequence.
The three new Springbok solar facilities combined will generate enough clean, renewable energy to serve more than 152,000 households.
Davis Dam impounds the Colorado River and forms Lake Mohave.
The planned Phase 2, due to open in 2017 and 2018 will store energy for up to eight hours.
Both the zone and the former power plant are administered by the State Agency of Ukraine of the Exclusion Zone.
In 1929, a new turbine hall and in 1932 a new switchboard were commissioned.
Lubilia Hydroelectric Power Station, also Lubilia Kawembe Power Station, is a 5.4 MW hydroelectric power station in Uganda, the third-largest economy in the East African Community.
The pipehead dam is 7 km upstream from Serpentine Falls and was constructed in the late 1950s and was opened in 1957.
It is owned by Nant de Drance SA, a consortium of Alpiq, SBB, Industrielle Werke Basel and Forces Motrices Valaisannes.
The total investment of 100 billion yuan and the 20 years construction duration makes it China largest planned nuclear project.
The largest dam by structural volume in the country is the Tokuyama Dam with 13,700,000 m3 of rock-fill.
The minimum height for a dam to be included on the list is 20 m.
Since the original operators were overwhelmed by the effort, government agencies took over dismantling and disposal.
The communities of Chicopee Center, Chicopee Falls, Willimansett, Fairview, Smith Highlands, Aldenville, Burnett Road, and Westover are located in the city.
It is one of several dams constructed by the City of Austin for the purpose of flood control and for generating hydroelectric power.
The Indirasagar Dam is a multipurpose project of Madhya Pradesh on the Narmada River at Narmadanagar, Mundi in the Khandwa district of Madhya Pradesh in India.
Each unit is made of two HTR-PM reactors driving a single 210 megawatt steam turbine.
The project cost $623 million and was officially opened in August 2014.
Some of the dams are listed below by prefecture.
The Enguri Dam is a hydroelectric dam on the Enguri River in Georgia.
The dam's purpose includes hydro-power, irrigation, water supply, and conservation.
It was constructed between 1957 and 1969.
The town consists of holiday homes and permanent residences around the dam as it is popular with visitors from nearby Gauteng Province.
The plant is around 25 km north west of Avignon, on the banks of the Rhone.
The largest dam by structural volume in the country is the Tokuyama Dam with 13,700,000 m3 of rock-fill.
Some of its tributaries, such as the Mutshindudi River and Mutale River rise in the Soutpansberg Mountains.
The total capacity of the hub will be 20 MWe.
A unique type of burner arrangement in the boilers keeps the nitrogen oxide emissions from the Marshall facility well below regulatory limits.
Each of units is a set of 10-MW generators.
It was on the list of ten “Most Outstanding African Projects in 2015”, a ranking by Jeune Afrique magazine.
The Bromelton Dam is an earth-fill embankment dam located off-stream at Gleneagle in the South East region of Queensland, Australia.
It was coal powered with two 260 MW steam turbines that generated a total of 520 MW of electricity.
The development was backed by the Turkish State Hydraulic Works.
With over 750,000 people, the province is Thailand's 37th largest area and 38th most populous.
The government acknowledged that the dam would have negative impacts on the environment but that developers were working to mitigate them.
The Point Tupper Generating Station is a 150 MW Canadian electrical generating station located in the community of Point Tupper in Nova Scotia's Richmond County.
Chaira has generating capacity of 864 megawatts and a pumping capacity of 788 megawatts, and is thus the largest pumped-storage plant in southeast Europe.
The dam that creates the impoundment is called the Cardinia Dam.
The first two generators were operational in December 2000 and the last two in January 2001.
The four enormous smoke stacks which are a defining landmark of Northport can be seen as far away as Connecticut across Long Island Sound.
It was built between 1994 and 2007.
The Tracy Thermal Generating Station was kept as a reserve during the 2010-2011 winter and permanently shut down on March 1, 2011.
It is named after John Sherman Cooper, a US Senator from Kentucky.
Thereafter the coal is transported to the discharge ports of Ennore and Tuticorin by ships.
The DeSoto Next Generation Solar Energy Center is a Photovoltaic power station in Arcadia, DeSoto County, Florida owned by Florida Power & Light.
The underground power station can generate 5,428 MW, which makes it the second-largest in Canada, after the Robert-Bourassa generating station.
The 146 m tall dam withholds one of the largest reservoirs in Mexico of 18,200,000,000 m3.
Built for the purpose of hydroelectric power generation, the dam creates the reservoir, Lake Koombooloomba.
Its coal-fired units, currently being converted to natural gas, are among the oldest operating power plants in the United States.
The capacity was later downgraded to 250 kW.
The dam's power station houses four 80 MW Francis turbine-generators for an installed capacity of 320 MW.
The Manjeera also spelled Manjiira is a tributary of the river Godavari.
There is now a regulated flow throughout the year, which has improved the water supply in Niger.
This plant is connected to the provincial power grid via several 230,000-volt transmission lines.
Reckahn II added 13.3 MW, using 172,000 modules on a 35 hectares site.
The power plant is fueled by natural gas and heavy fuel oil.
With the low cost of hydro-based electricity, it is cheaper to run a heat pump than a gas or electric boiler.
Tidal Lagoon Swansea Bay is a proposed tidal lagoon power plant, to be constructed in Swansea Bay off the south coast of Wales, United Kingdom.
The plant came into operation in 1977.
The development was backed by the Turkish State Hydraulic Works.
The filling of the reservoir also displaced about 600 people.
It is located 70 km north of Cape Town, between Darling and Yzerfontein on the west coast of South Africa.
It is also a market city for the surrounding agricultural industry.
The dam has a height of 23 metres and a length of 200 metres.
The dam, which is made of argillaceous and quartzitic shale, is sealed with an internal core of grass sods.
Some 2,000 villagers were resettled to make way for the dam's reservoir.
It is expected to generate 61 GWh in the first year of operation, and 1.4 billion kWh over its 25 year life.
As of April 2012, it is the world's 6th largest solar plant and the second largest PV station in central and eastern Europe.
the temporary storage of 152 casks of spent fuel has been a controversy since 2009.
The current town was incorporated on 1 January 1973.
The lake is located on the borders of Aetolia-Acarnania and Evrytania.
The Robert D. Green Generating Station is a coal-fired power plant owned and operated by the Big Rivers Electric Cooperation as part of Sebree Station.
Tulloch Dam is a hydroelectric dam on the Stanislaus River in central California.
Output is expected to be 317 GWh per year.
It is part of the Enguri hydroelectric power station which is partially located in Abkhazia, the separatist region of Georgia.
The dam includes a hydroelectric plant, and also provides flood control to the Trinity and Klamath river basins.
It is sited in a coal-mining area; one of its sources is AEMFC's coal mine at Vlakfontein, near Ogies.
This plant has two smokestacks 400 and 410 feet in height and was built in 1955 by Cleveland-Cliffs Iron Company.
The Bailianhe Upper Reservoir was created with the construction of a 59.4-metre tall concrete-face rock-fill dam.
Pacheco Reservoir is an artificial lake or reservoir in the Diablo Range in California, U.S.A., formed by a dam on the north fork of Pacheco Creek.
The power plant consists of 510 heliostats and has a capacity of 5 MWth.
The Stratford Power Station is a 575 MW power station located east of Stratford, Taranaki, New Zealand.
As of 2016, France was seeking the full involvement of Japan in ASTRID development.
Temperance Flat Dam is a proposed dam project on the San Joaquin River west of Auberry, California.
Wemmershoek is a small village at the junction of the R301 and R45 roads.
The Dantiwada Dam failed in 1973, 8 years after it was constructed.
Petersburg Generating Station is a major coal-fired power plant in Indiana, rated at 1.87-GW nameplate capacity.
A large section of the boiler house at Didcot A power station collapsed on 23 February 2016 while the building was being prepared for demolition.
The rest of the building was demolished on June 28, 2007.
The incinerator burns up to 20 tonnes of household waste per hour and can generate up to 11 MW of electricity.
The damming of the river created Foster Reservoir, which is a popular fishing and water sports area.
The Inga Dams are two hydroelectric dams connected to one of the largest waterfalls in the world, Inga Falls.
The wind farm was built by Caithness Energy using General Electric 2.5 MW wind turbines, and it supplies electricity to Southern California Edison.
Babhulgaon Dam, is an earthfill dam on local river near Barshi, Solapur district in state of Maharashtra in India.
Construction on the dam began in 1897, and it was completed in 1904.
It has 5 units with a total installed capacity of 1,050 MW and spread over 160 hectares.
The impounded 71,790-megalitre reservoir is also called Woronora Dam and is sometimes incorrectly called Lake Woronora.
The generated electricity is fed into the national grid via a 38 km 66 kV single circuit transmission line.
The primary purpose of the dam is hydroelectric power generation and it supports a 165 MW power station.
Starting from October 2002, the flue gas from the units 5–8 is cleaned at the flue-gas desulfurization plant, built by Lurgi Lentjes.
The Tingzikou Dam is a gravity dam on the Jialing River downstream of Guangyuan in Cangxi County, Sichuan province, China.
San Gabriel Dam lies 13 miles downstream.
Instead, the primary purpose of many of these dams is to produce hydroelectricity.
Vârșolț Lake is situated in Crasna basin, between Crasna and Vârșolț.
The power plant was to have two units of 800 MW each.
Lemington Power Station is a small, now defunct coal-fired power station, located in North East England.
Tarapur Atomic Power Station is located in Swayam,Maharashtra, India.Tarapur is the largest nuclear power station in India.
Hardy Dam is an earth-filled embankment dam and powerplant complex on the Muskegon River in Big Prairie Township, Newaygo County, Michigan.
The dam is owned by the U.S. Bureau of Reclamation.
Taung Dam is a gravity type dam located on the Harts River near Taung, North West, South Africa.
Ningde 1 was grid connected on 28 December 2012 and entered full commercial operation on 18 April 2013.
To the north in Glen Strathfarrar, Loch Monar is dammed, and a 9 km tunnel carries water to an underground power station at Deanie.
Some of the dams are listed below by prefecture.
Next downstream is Papenoo 2 at 17°35′56.16″S 149°25′3.29″W which contains one 4 MW Pelton turbine-generators.
However, commercial traffic and floating logs have priority over leisure crafts.
It is located on the bank of Mahi river in Kheda district.
The Mahardah Dam, also spelled Mhardeh Dam, is an embankment dam on the Orontes River in the city of Mahardah, Hama Governorate, Syria.
The plant is named after the former chairman and chief executive officer of Georgia Power.
Smolensk Nuclear Power Plant is a nuclear power station in Russia.
The project was the first one to be nominated by the Department of Energy as eligible for the department's feed-in tariff scheme.
Tokuyama also creates Japan's largest reservoir with a water volume of 660,000,000 m3.
The source of water for the power plant is treated water from Rithala Sewage Treatment Plant.
It produced 18.9 TWh in 2005, which amounted to 4% of the electricity production in France.
Criticism centers on the fact that the Shippingport plant had not been built to commercial specifications.
In the event of a large-scale grid outage, McNary would provide the black start capability necessary to restart other generation facilities.
Work for its construction began in 1970.
The larger station is coal-fired, was commissioned in 1969 by the Central Electricity Generating Board and has a generating capacity of 2,000 megawatts.
The impounded reservoir is called Gosling Creek Reservoir and is now used for recreation purposes.
During peak electricity demand hours, water from the upper reservoir turns two 125 MW reversible Francis turbine-generators.
Hydropower is often used in conjunction with dams to generate electricity.
The upstream of Rajang river includes four steps, which are Pelagus, Bakun, Murum, and Belaga.
The power plant is one of the coal based power plants of TSGENCO
In 2012 a planning application for the southeastern zone was submitted, as the Rhiannon Wind Farm, with an estimated capacity of 2.2 GW.
The Catagunya Power Station is a run-of-the-river hydroelectric power station located in the Central Highlands region of Tasmania, Australia.
Its foundation extends 130 feet below the bed of the river, and the dam contains 850,000 cubic yards of masonry.
Water from the upper reservoir is sent to the underground power station down near the lower reservoir through a 1,753 m long headrace/penstock pipe.
The chimney of the power station is 240 metres high.
The dam structure is situated next to the town of Entrepeñas, from which it took its name, between the municipal districts of Sacedón and Auñón.
The coal requirement will be obtained from Talaipalli coal block Mand Raigarh Coalfield and water requirement will be sourced from Mahanadi River through Saradih Barrage.
The Project has been integrated with Sri Rama Sagar Project.
Bham dam is an earthfill gravity dam on the Bham tributary of Godavari river in Nashik district in the State of Maharashtra in India.
Sarımehmet Dam is a dam in Turkey.
It consists of two 220 MW pressurised water reactor with heavy water as moderator.
The Zillergründl Dam is an arch dam on the Ziller River in the upper Ziller Valley of Tyrol state, Austria.
It is located in Dhamtari District of Chhattisgarh.
The wind farm is owned by FPL Energy and the customers for the electricity generated are Reliant Energy, Austin Energy and Texas-New Mexico Power Company.
Copco Lake is an artificial lake on the Klamath River in Siskiyou County, California, near the Oregon border in the United States.
The development was backed by the Turkish State Hydraulic Works.
Stettynskloof Dam is a combined earth-fill/rock-fill type dam located on the Stettynskloof River in South Africa.
The steam turbine at the power station is to be taken offline.
Crystal Lake Wind Farm is an electricity generating wind farm facility in Winnebago and Hancock County, Iowa, United States.
The dam serves mainly to provide run-of-the-river hydroelectric power and to supply water for irrigation.
It rises in the "Dargle" in the KZN midlands, and its mouth is at Durban, some distance north of Durban's natural harbour.
Generating units are equipped with General Electric tandem compound steam turbines and Babcock & Wilcox subcritical boilers.
It hosts the Potchefstroom Campus of the North-West University.
During periods of low energy demand, such as at night, water is pumped from Huanggou Lower Reservoir up to the upper reservoir.
It supplies heat to Maardu, and the Lasnamäe and central districts of Tallinn.
The eastern chimney of the power station's two chimneys is 201 meters tall.
The Imperial Valley Solar is a 200-megawatt solar photovoltaic power station located in Imperial County, California, near Calexico.
The dam will be important in controlling floods and releasing water in the dry season for the planned Zauro polder project downstream in Kebbi State.
Below is a list of dams and reservoirs in Japan.
As one of eight PPL Montana hydro projects, it has a generating capacity of nine megawatts in a run-of-the-river configuration.
On April 1, 2017, Exelon assumed ownership and operation of the plant.
Kaheawa Wind Power is one of the largest wind farms in Hawaii.
The Geest company used the docks to import West Indian bananas from 1959 until the 1980s.
Its power station has a capacity of 148 megawatts with all four units running, though the total nameplate capacity is 160 megawatts.
The Badush Dam is an unfinished multi-purpose dam on the Tigris River, located near Badush, 16 kilometres northwest of Mosul in the Ninawa Governorate, northern Iraq.
Solnova-I, Solnova-III, and Solnova-IV were commissioned in mid-2010 and are all rated at 50 MWe in installed capacity each.
The project completed construction in October 2014 and is fully operational to power up to 80,000 homes.
Two of the turbines in the 240 MW power station discharge water into a canal on the left bank of the river.
Nagara is a town located in Chōsei District, Chiba Prefecture, Japan.
This would have been a significant contribution in maintaining water levels between floods.
The reservoir stretches for 90 kilometres, while its surface area is unknown.
Built from 1952 to 1957, it impounds Lewis and Clark Lake.
The solar park is expected to supply 2,000 MWh of electricity per year.
This will help to meet the significant rise in power demand in Andalusia in the summer.
The development was backed by the Turkish State Hydraulic Works.
The Olivenhain Dam is a gravity dam near Escondido, California.
Wan dam, is an earthfill and gravity dam on Wan river near Akola in the state of Maharashtra in India.
The tallest dam in Japan is the 186 m high Kurobe Dam.
The tallest dam in Japan is the 186 m high Kurobe Dam.
The dam, being located in a steep portion of Meilin Canyon, was difficult to construct.
The plant actually sits on land that was originally known as Graham Station.
Water from the dam is used for irrigation purposes in the region, extending up to Kekirawa.
It is situated at Anuppur district of Madhya Pradesh, India.
Pianu Solar Park, a large thin-film photovoltaic power system, is being built on a 10 ha plot of land near the Pianu commune in Romania.
The Nirmalapura Wind Farm is a 10 MW wind farm consisting of seven wind turbines, located on the west coast of Nirmalapura, Puttalam, Sri Lanka.
The gateways on either side of the road across the dam are typical of the Kerala and Tamil architectural styles.
The plant also supplies district heating to the town of Elektrėnai, established in 1962 to support its workers.
In the beginning it operated as a boiler plant.
The dam supports a 1,200 WM power station along with a three-stage ship lock.
The power station is situated on Gordon River.
Tokuyama also creates Japan's largest reservoir with a water volume of 660,000,000 m3.
The power station will operate by shifting water between an upper and lower reservoir to generate electricity.
Recent assessments however, assign a significant hazard potential to the dam/reservoir which in turn makes the intended use questionable.
The dam's reservoir began to fill in July 2013 and the first generator was commissioned in December 2014.
a total of 664 km solar cable trays
Rutenberg Power Station is a coal-powered power plant situated on the Mediterranean coast in Ashkelon, Israel.
It is located near Carleton-sur-Mer, Quebec and it is owned and operated by Cartier Wind Energy.
The Tibi Dam, also known as the Alacantí Dam, is a masonry dam on Monegre River about 18 km northwest of Alacantí in Valencian Community, Spain.
The total cost of the project is estimated at £1 billion including electrical transmission links.
Two are deflection dams meant to channel water into a number of reservoirs.
The installation is located in the Giurgiu County in southern Romania in Izvoarele.
Its primary purpose is flood control and it is owned by Optimum Colliery Pullen's Hope.
Ohau A is a power station operated by Meridian Energy in the South Island of New Zealand.
Another purpose of the dam which has been widely reported in the Turkish press is to reduce the freedom of movement of Kurdistan Workers' Party militants.
Filling the reservoir submerged the towns of Sousanna and Benson as well as many historic Native American sites.
McNary Dam is a 1.4-mile long concrete gravity run-of-the-river dam which spans the Columbia River.
Tokuyama also creates Japan's largest reservoir with a water volume of 660,000,000 m3.
Tokuyama also creates Japan's largest reservoir with a water volume of 660,000,000 m3.
Producing energy since September 1969, it can claim to be the world's oldest nuclear power plant in commercial operation.
About 485,000 cubic metres of material was excavated from the site before construction on the actual dam could begin.
It is named after Queen Sirikit of Thailand.
Granite Reliable Wind Farm is a 99-megawatt wind farm, opened in 2011 in Millsfield and Dixville, New Hampshire, in the northeast United States.
It is operated by Duke Energy Generation Paranapanema International.
Wan dam, is an earthfill dam on Wan river near Ambejogai, Beed district in the state of Maharashtra in India.
There are 7 vertical generators that generate between 1,200 and 1,600 kilowatts apiece.
The power station operates by shifting water between an upper and lower reservoir to generate electricity.
The tallest dam in Japan is the 186 m high Kurobe Dam.
It is expected to provide numerous estimated annual benefits including Rs.
Dhaner Dam, is a gravity dam on Tapti river near Nandgaon, Nashik district in state of Maharashtra in India.
At a capacity of 38 MW, it was the largest straw-fired power plant in the world at the time of its completion.
It has two operating units that were the precursors to the European Pressurized Reactor, being the "N4 stage".
Its total area was 99.47 square kilometres.
In 2014 Japan agreed to cooperate in developing the emergency reactor cooling system, and in a few other areas.
The wind farm received resource consent for up to 66 turbines, however only 62 were installed.
It has a power generating capacity of 210 megawatts, enough to power over 141,000 homes.
Outflow is into St. Margarets Bay, Nova Scotia between Head of St. Margarets Bay and Tantallon.
The Darling Downs Power Station is adjacent to the QLD-NSW high voltage transmission Interconnector and the Powerlink Queensland R2 Braemar 330/275 kV Substation.
The primary purpose of the dam is hydroelectric power production and irrigation.
The dam was built in 1976; its construction flooded approximately 350 square kilometers of rainforest, displacing thousands of indigenous residents.
It was mothballed on 1 April 2012.
79 million in annual flood mitigation benefits.
Väo 2 will have capacity of 21.4 MW of electrical power and 76.5 MW of heat.
The development was backed by the Turkish State Hydraulic Works.
Tokuyama also creates Japan's largest reservoir with a water volume of 660,000,000 m3.
The dam was constructed to conserve water and produce hydroelectricity.
Or, visitors can follow the trails that lead to Ajoba and Ghanchakkar peaks.
H. R. Milner Generating Station is a coal fired station owned by Maxim Power, located near Grande Cache, Alberta, Canada.
Pilgrim Station produces about 14% of the electricity generated in Massachusetts.
Upper Baker Dam is a dam spanning the Baker River in northern Washington in the United States of America.
Magat Dam is a large rock-fill dam in the island of Luzon in the Philippines.
In November 2013, the plant was damaged by Super Typhoon Yolanda and restored operations in January 2014.
The dam has a capacity of 48.56 million cubic metres.
In addition, three internal combustion generators were installed in 1967.
Both stages of the wind farm are opposed by local iwi, Ngati Hineuru and Maungaharuru-Tangitu Society.
Alvarado I is a large solar thermal power station in Alvarado, province of Badajoz, in Extremadura, Spain.
Blood Hill began operating in December 1992 and was one of the first windfarms in the United Kingdom.
Exelon fully integrated AmerGen's former assets, including Oyster Creek, in early 2009.
Phase 1 construction started in April 1961 and was finished in January 1964.
Water from the dam's reservoir powers four generators with Francis turbines, each with a capacity of 300 MW.
Hick Bros Civil and Spartan Construction won an award for outstanding technical and environmental planning.
There is also recreation available, such as boating, fishing, water skiing and camping.
The drainage area above the dam is 19.3 square miles and is encompassed entirely within the Puente and Chino Hills.
The river passes numerous villages and its flow becomes quite strong when it reaches the village of Magoro.
The proposed Lamu Coal Power Station is a potential 1,050 MW coal-fired thermal power station in Kenya.
Gem County is part of the Boise, ID Metropolitan Statistical Area.
Since 2000 the building has been used to house the Tate Modern art museum and gallery.
Kelly Barnes Dam was an earthen embankment dam once located in Stephens County, Georgia, just outside the city of Toccoa.
The year of completion of Pakhanjore reservoir is 1964.
Isapur Dam is an earthfill dam on Penganga river near Pusad in the state of Maharashtra in India.
Plans for the dam were drawn up in 1978 and construction on the diversion tunnels began in 1996.
San Jerónimo is the home of the state-funded San Jerónimo Dam which cost
It has been described by The Hindu as a "lifeline for a large part of Telangana".
The dam was completed on schedule, on March 7, 2014 but its reservoir did not begin to collect water until February 2015.
Alpha ventus is Germany's first offshore wind farm.
It is a photovoltaic solar power plant, planned by a subsidiary of NextEra Energy Resources.
The power plant is one of the coal based power plants of MPPGCL
It is the largest hydroelectric power station by installed capacity in Samoa.
This elevation difference allows for a hydroelectric plant to be constructed - the Gianelli Hydroelectric Plant.
Some of the dams are listed below by prefecture.
The four-unit station was named for a bend in the Catawba River on which it was located.
The Vaalkop Dam lies near Pilanesberg, 23 km ESE from the outer perimeter of the ancient crater formation.
It produces approximately 49,936,510 kWh annually, equivalent to the power consumption of 11,451 households.
A Zambezi shark was caught at the confluence of the Limpopo and Luvuvhu Rivers in July 1950.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
The total construction cost of the Gemini project is estimated at around 2.8 billion euros, and subsidies will be 3.6 billion euros.
The dam is owned and operated by the Corps of Engineers.
It was constructed between 1969 and 1983.
It started production in 1906 and operated at a combined installed capacity of 100 MW from 1918, with an average annual production of 700 GWh.
Normal storage is about one tenth that volume.
The reactor was rated at 1,170 MW(e).
This plant is often confused with the White Bay Power Station, the remains of which are still standing in Rozelle.
The dam is about 9 miles west of the town of Tierra Amarilla.
Mahanadi one of the major river in central India originates in the hills of Sihawa flows in the direction of East into the Bay of Bengal.
It has 2 thermal units of 425 MW, which use natural gas as fuel, and with a total electric power of 850 MW.
Gülüç Dam is a dam in Turkey.
The largest dam by structural volume in the country is the Tokuyama Dam with 13,700,000 m3 of rock-fill.
Sadd el-Kafara was a masonry embankment dam on Wadi al-Garawi 10 km southeast of Helwan in Helwan Governorate, Egypt.
The Esch-sur-Sûre Dam is an arch dam on the River Sauer just upstream of Esch-sur-Sûre in the Wiltz canton of Luxembourg.
Constructed between 1948 and 1960, the dam created capacity for a reservoir of 2,031 gigalitres and is fed by a catchment area of 9,051 square kilometres.
Puerto Errado 2 added 30 MW in February, 2012.
The 885 MW plant was expected to cost £400 million and to start generating in early 2009, but problems with internal pipework pushed this back.
It is at an elevation of 1570 m and is used for hydroelectricity, generating 62 GWh/year.
In 1897 it was shown that steamboats took 5 to 7 minutes to lock through whether going upstream or downstream.
The Shizukuishi River is a river in Iwate Prefecture, in the Tōhoku region of northern Honshū in Japan.
Foster Dam is an embankment type rock-fill dam across the South Santiam River near Sweet Home, Oregon, United States.
Tilaiya Dam was the first of the four multi-purpose dams included in the first phase of the Damodar Valley Corporation.
It is located on the Nahari River downstream from Yanase Dam and Kuki Dam.
It will combine power and heat generation with that of chemical products and carbon capture and storage.
Grand Coulee Dam is the largest producer of hydroelectric power in the United States, generating 6,809 megawatts, over one-sixth of all power in the basin.
Hiwassee Dam is a hydroelectric dam on the Hiwassee River in Cherokee County, in the U.S. state of North Carolina.
Foundations are all that remain and there are currently no plans of historical preservation or restoration.
The gas for it is sourced from GAIL HBJ Pipeline.
The dam was constructed between 1947 and 1955 with the primary purpose of hydroelectric power production.
In 1997, the plant was converted to operate with either heavy oil or natural gas.
Lonavla is also home to INS Shivaji which is the Indian Navy's Premier Technical Training Institute.
Aberthaw Power Station is a series of two coal-fired power stations on the coast of South Wales, near Barry in the Vale of Glamorgan.
It is a medium-sized power station with four units that were begun to be built in early 1970s and completed in 1982.
The Agatsuma Line is a local rail line in Gunma, Japan, and is part of the East Japan Railway Company network.
Tegeta Thermal Power Station is a Tanzania Electric Supply Company owned power plant.
Close Power Station was a coal-fired power station situated on Newcastle upon Tyne's Quayside, in Tyne and Wear.
The station is operated and majority-owned by vertically-integrated Belgian energy corporation Electrabel.
The reservoir stores water taken from the San Joaquin-Sacramento River Delta.
Seneca was among 11 hydroelectric power stations that FirstEnergy agreed in 2013 to sell to LS Power of New York City.
The Jajce Hydro Power Plant is one of Bosnia and Herzegovina's largest hydro power plant having an installed electric capacity of 79 MW.
Instead, the primary purpose of many of these dams is to produce hydroelectricity.
The then PM, Atal Bihari Vajpayee, had laid the foundation stone of the main plant of stage-1 of NTPC Barh on March 6, 1999.
Madikwe Dam is an earth-fill type dam located on the Tholwane River, near Madikwe, North West, South Africa.
The flood continued down Fall River and hit the Cascade Dam which stored water to run a hydroelectric plant about a mile downstream.
It is 516 metres long, 10.5 metres high and consists of 56 gates, each 6 metres wide.
The Churchill Falls Generating Station is a hydroelectric power station located on the Churchill River in Newfoundland and Labrador.
It is operated by Statkraft, a Norwegian state-owned electric company, and it opened in 1987.
The tallest dam in Japan is the 186 m high Kurobe Dam.
As of 31 May 2017, the city had an estimated population of 69,925 and a population density of 86.8 persons per km² in 24,894 households.
Atiamuri Power Station is 8 kilometres downstream of Ohakuri Power Station, and takes water directly from the larger upstream station.
The Acaray Dam is a hydroelectric dam situated in Hernandarias, Paraguay.
All the units at Hanbit are of the Pressurized Water Reactor reactor type.
In October of that year it entered normal service.
Mansfield Hollow Lake is a reservoir resting on the border of Windham County and Tolland County, Connecticut.
It is a public works which The Japan Society of Civil Engineers has recommended as a site of Public Works Heritage.
Mutshedzi Dam is a gravity type dam located on the Mutshedzi River, a tributary of the Nzhelele River.
For this project, only the upper reservoir had to be created as an existing reservoir, the Bailianhe Reservoir, was used as the lower.
The tallest dam in Japan is the 186 m high Kurobe Dam.
The dam is located near Akole, Ahmednagar district.
Sıddıklı Dam is a dam in Turkey.
The Bokpoort Plant has a full-load molten salt storage capacity of 1‚300MWh(t) equivalent to around 9.3 hours.
The Trung Sơn Dam is a hydroelectric power station under construction on the Ma River in northwestern Vietnam.
The primary purpose of the dam is hydroelectric power generation and it supports a 68 MW power station.
RWE Npower Renewables were awarded the lease to the development area in 2003.
The municipality covers an area of 22 square kilometres and, as of 2006, it had a population of 1021.
It is part of the Hells Canyon Project that also includes Hells Canyon Dam and Oxbow Dam, built and operated by Idaho Power Company.
The project is located on the James River, a navigable waterway of the United States, in Bedford and Amherst Counties, Virginia.
The Daecheong Dam is a combination concrete gravity and embankment dam on the Geum River, 16 km north of Daejeon in South Korea.
The station was first built to burn lignite from Saskatchewan.
The plant is owned by CSOLAR IV South, LLC, an affiliate of Tenaska.
Bhatghar Dam, is a gravity dam on Yelwanti river near Bhor, Pune district in State of Maharashtra in India.
When completed in 2011, it surpassed the 240 MW Rance Tidal Power Station which was the world's largest for 45 years.
60% of the lake is part of J&K.
The dam serves flood control and recreational purposes and is operated by the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers.
Satpara Lake is situated at an elevation of 2,636 meters above sea level and is spread over an area of 2.5 km².
Originally, the project was to include 48 wind turbines with a nominal capacity 1 MW each.
All of the energy is purchased by Xcel Energy.
It was built between 1994 and 2002.
Its estimated cost was PKR 9.3 Billion.
The largest dam by structural volume in the country is the Tokuyama Dam with 13,700,000 m3 of rock-fill.
The Muro Dam was a Roman dam in Portugal.
The dam supports a hydroelectric power facility with a 2,160 megawatts capacity.
The dam was altered in 2000 to improve fish passage.
Minakami is a town located in Tone District of far northern Gunma Prefecture in the northern Kantō region of Japan.
Water from the upper reservoir is sent to the underground power station down near the lower reservoir.
The project was initiated in 2002 and the farm came online in 2008.
The proposed Oriel wind farm will be located near Clogherhead, approximately 22 kilometres southeast of Dundalk, County Louth, and approximately 24 kilometres northeast of Drogheda.
The dam impounds the largest lake in Côte d'Ivoire, Lake Kossou.
Its concrete walls are 3 1⁄2 feet thick with a 1⁄4-inch-thick steel liner plate.
Stage 2 and Stage 3 were completed in 2009.
It is located 6 km northwest of Gillam.
The development was backed by the Turkish State Hydraulic Works.
The $2.5 billion project includes 9 million CdTe photovoltaic modules based on thin-film technology, manufactured by U.S. company First Solar.
Ghatghar Dam refers to two associated gravity dams built using roller-compacted concrete, the first use in India.
The lock ceased to be used in any significant way soon after it was built.
It is owned 90% by Iberdrola and 10% by IDEA.
The McCormick plant sits next to Hydro-Québec's Manic-1 generating station and the two plants share the same reservoir.
The U.S.'s first nuclear power plant had gone on line a year earlier.
Lanka Sagar is a water project centered on an earth-fill dam on the Kuttalair River near Adivimallala village in Andhra Pradesh, India.
The first unit of the system was connected to the electrical grid in September 2013 for an initial synchronisation test.
513 million would be provided by the Korean Government, and Rs.
Tokuyama also creates Japan's largest reservoir with a water volume of 660,000,000 m3.
The dam's purpose includes hydro-power, irrigation, water supply, and conservation.
During its implosion in August 2013, shrapnel injured five bystanders, including one man whose leg was severed.
It is the smallest town of the Asago District.
The dam has a total volume of 8 million m3.
When the dam's sluice gates are closed upstream from Jog Falls, it is possible to walk down into the fall's ravine.
As a start up fuel, the plant used shale oil.
The Talin Power Plant or Dalin Power Plant is a mix-generation power plant in Siaogang District, Kaohsiung, Taiwan.
It is located north of Sault Ste.
The solar park has around 230,000 state-of-the-art thin film PV panels for a total nameplate capacity of 56-megawatts, and was finished in November 2013.
The dam is part of the Lesotho Highlands Water Project, which will eventually include five large dams in remote rural areas.
The lake also forms part of the water storages for the Wivenhoe Power Station.
Carbon Monitoring for Action estimates this power station emitted 1.34 million tonnes of greenhouse gases each year as a result of burning coal.
The absence of aquatic life in the lake has made it an ideal location for water sports.
Oldman River Hydroelectric Plant is a run-of-river hydroelectric power station owned by Atco Power and Piikani Nation.
The lake offers views of Tanzawa Mountains, including Mount Hiru.
Guntersville Dam is a hydroelectric dam on the Tennessee River in Marshall County, in the U.S. state of Alabama.
It is operated by the Ghana Water Company.This supplies about 80 percent of the potable water for the entire city of Kumasi and its surrounding environs.
Selevir Dam is a dam in Turkey.
Saraydüzü Dam is a dam in Turkey.
The 3 chimneys of the power station are 126 metres tall.
The project is both the largest and the most expensive inland waterway project ever undertaken in the United States.
Below is a list of dams and reservoirs in Japan.
This project utilizes about 5.0 TMC of water and creates 24500 Acres of Ayacut in both Cherla and Dummugudem Mandals, Khammam District.
The proposal involved using turbines manufactured by the New Zealand company Windflow Technology Limited.
Most of it uses fixed tilt arrays, but a 2 MW tracker section was completed in 2011.
It is a tributary of the Runde River and its major tributaries include Pokoteke River.
Construction of the BN-350 fast breeder reactor began in 1964, and the plant first produced electricity in 1973.
Orissa Hydro power Corporation Ltd. Archived from the original on 17 November 2006.
As of August 2015 the dam is planned to be raised by 13 meters, increasing its capacity by 70 million cubic metres of water.
It was officially opened on 1 November 2008.
The dam is situated 280 km north-east of the port city of Durban.
Primary cargoes are coal to powerplants, chemicals and petroleum upstream and corn and soybeans downstream primarily for export through New Orleans.
The dam is located directly north of the town of Dibis in Kirkuk Governorate, Iraq.
On 1 September 2016, the plant received the last two of four steam generators, fundamental elements for the life extension of the plant.
Each panel has an area of 130 m².
The purpose of the dam is hydroelectric power generation and irrigation.
Nilüfer Dam is a dam in Turkey.
Construction on the project began in 1995 after the main contract was awarded in 1994.
This project was later 'scrubbed' and postponed indefinitely.
The power plant's dam is 75 m tall and it creates a 140,000,000 m3 reservoir of which 10,000,000 m3 is active for power generation.
It has installed power capacity of 150 MW.
It is the second largest dam in Rajasthan.
Some of the dams are listed below by prefecture.
The river is approximately 25 kilometres in length and is known for good fishing.
Centrica owns the most CCGT power stations in the UK, and South Humber Bank is its largest CCGT station.
He appointed nuclear engineer Sultan Bashiruddin Mahmood and Dr. N.A.
The dam was purchased by Ada County in 1977 and is currently operated by the Idaho Department of Water Resources.
The power station is located in Azad Kashmir, 42 km south of Muzaffarabad, and will have an installed capacity of 968 MW.
There is a little water storage behind the weir, as Dzoraget HPP is a run-of-the-river plant.
The plant supplies heat to Lasnamäe and the central districts of Tallinn.
Due to problems associated with habitat and forest loss, the project has been delayed.
From 2009 to 2012, units 6 to 8 were refurbished to increase the plant capacity by 90 megawatts.
Not to be confused with Chandani Dam from Osmanabad district.
In July 1996, the dam began to supply water to the nearby city of Xi'an.
The power plant portion of the dam is 332.5 m long and the tidal basin measures 22.5 km2.
Kurje Dam, also called Dhapcheri Dam, is an earthfill dam on local river named Viroli near Dahanu, Thane district in the state of Maharashtra in India.
Kızıldamlar Dam is a dam in Turkey.
The dam was constructed between 2001 and 2005 for several purposes but mainly hydroelectric power generation.
It is impounded by the Eko-Ende Dam.
The tallest dam in Japan is the 186 m high Kurobe Dam.
This letter is not a state guarantee, does not burden the state budget and does not raise any financial obligations for the state.
Medik Dam is a dam in Turkey.
Immediately upstream is Lake Benmore and downstream Lake Waitaki.
The dam's first generator was commissioned in 1977.
The original cost estimate was US$271 million.
The Nea Power Station is a hydroelectric power station located in Tydal, Sør-Trøndelag, Norway.
The dam belongs to the Zhombe East, Kwekwe District, and is one of the 1,620 dams in the Midlands.
Water stored in the reservoir is used to provide irrigation to 89,700 hectares of land in the Fuerte River valley.
The Firestone hydroelectric power station is a hydroelectric power station in Liberia on the Farmington River.
Boating, fishing, swimming, and other outdoor activities are popular in the summer; in wintertime, ice-fishing, ice-skating, and some cross-country skiing is popular.
The power will be purchased by Hydro One for distribution to consumers.
The Zaporizhia Nuclear Power Station in Enerhodar, Ukraine, is the largest nuclear power plant in Europe and the third largest in the world.
Construction began in 2004 and the dam and power station were completed in 2009.
In 2007 however, plans were revised from the AP1000 design to EPR design.
The total length of Ghaghara River up to its confluence with the Ganges at Doriganj in Bihar is 1,080 kilometres.
The investment cost for the Sfântu Gheorghe solar park amounts to some Euro 10 million.
Below is a list of dams and reservoirs in Japan.
Bor Dahegaon Dam, is an earthfill dam on local river near Vaijapur, Aurangabad district in state of Maharashtra in India.
The Svir is a river in Podporozhsky, Lodeynopolsky, and Volkhovsky districts in the north-east of Leningrad Oblast, Russia.
Construction on the dam began in 2012 and it is expected to be completed in 2017.
The original dam, built between 1905 and 1907, failed in 1908 and caused severe flooding and damage downstream.
Its cooling water is supplied by the Monticello Reservoir, which is also used by a pumped storage unit.
The next big cities are Hanover,, Hildesheim,, Paderborn and Bielefeld, - a total of more than a million people within 60 km.
Nearly all of this water irrigates crops in the Turlock and Modesto Irrigation Districts.
A dam is a barrier across flowing water that obstructs, directs or slows down the flow, often creating a reservoir, lake or impoundments.
The lake is managed by the U.S.
Tokuyama also creates Japan's largest reservoir with a water volume of 660,000,000 m3.
Construction began in June 1834, and was finished in November.
The total power output from the hydroelectric facility is 160 MW.
The reservoir retains a maximum of 1,170,505 acre feet of water used primarily for irrigation and flood control.
Steenbras Dam – Upper is an earth-fill type dam located on the Steenbras River near Gordons Bay, Western Cape, South Africa.
Geyik Dam is a dam in Turkey.
The storage reservoir has a surface area of 1561 km² at level of 640 m, i.e.
Te Uku was fully operational on 10 March 2011.
The plant will be built based on a nuclear power development plan, approved by the Vietnamese government in 2007.
Hunter Water Corporation divested itself of its Tillegra landholding in 2015, permanently ending the proposal.
Douglas Dam is a hydroelectric dam on the French Broad River in Sevier County, Tennessee, in the southeastern United States.
The dam provides irrigation Service 5.973 hectares.
Citing rising costs and mounting environmental regulations, Henderson Municipal Power and Light closed its 58-year-old Station One power plant on Water Street by December 31, 2008.
Due to its clear waters, it is home to the Japanese giant salamander.
The water required for the power plant is sourced from Garrah river located a kilometer from the project
Construction began in 2009 and the first generator was commissioned in November 2014.
If built, this will extend the plant's catchment to include waste from south Tyne and Wear.
The Antelomita Hydroelectric Power Station is located in Antelomita of the Analamanga Region, Madagascar.
The location is around a mile from Tony Blair's old constituency house.
Construction of the locks began in July 1963.
As of the 2nd of August 2010, it became the first nuclear station anywhere in the world to produce over one thousand terawatt-hour of electricity.
The São Simão Dam is an embankment dam on the Paranaíba River near São Simão in Goiás/Minas Gerais, Brazil.
The plant cost €70 million and covers an area of 77 hectares.
Asartepe Dam is a dam in Ankara Province, Turkey, built between 1975 and 1980.
Below the dam is Lewiston Lake, formed by a second dam, which diverts water through a 3-mile tunnel to the Sacramento Valley.
This agreement represented a "green light" for Hydro Developments Limited's power scheme using polluted water from the Stockton open cast mine in Buller.
Tuanku Jaafar Power Station is one of the main power stations in Malaysia, located in Port Dickson, Negeri Sembilan.
Before the Tennyson Power Station was completed demand for power was exceeding capacity.
The steam turbine and other components were manufactured by Mitsubishi Electric.
The Hsingyuan Power Plant or Star Buck Power Plant is a gas-fired power plant in Chang-Bin Industrial Park, Lukang Township, Changhua County, Taiwan.
The total development cost for both sites totals to approximately Rs.
The Aspenglen campground was destroyed and two campers who returned to recover camping gear lost their lives, although rangers had been able to give advance warning.
Thor Cogeneration is a planned gas-fired cogeneration plant, which is to be built on Seal Sands near Billingham, in County Durham, North East England.
The Pangduo Hydro Power Station is a reservoir and dam on the Lhasa River in Lhünzhub County to the east of Lhasa, Tibet, China.
Miharu is a town located in Tamura District, Fukushima Prefecture, in northern Honshū, Japan.
The more than 400-foot tall concrete-arch gravity dam is owned by the United States Bureau of Reclamation and operated by the Owyhee Irrigation District.
It currently produces 33 megawatts of electricity.
The Hydro Power Plant "Višegrad" is one of the largest hydro power plants in Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Strike Reservoir is a reservoir located in southwestern Idaho.
Carbon Monitoring for Action estimates this power station emits 5.75 million tonnes of greenhouse gases each year as a result of burning coal.
The onshore and offshore electrical connection assets were given planning permission in September 2016.
It is geographically located in the town of Salaspils.
The other three tributaries of Manjara are Manyad, Teru and Lendi which flow on the northern plains.
Torness nuclear power station was the last of the United Kingdom's second generation nuclear power plants to be commissioned.
The Power Plant is the second largest in Hungary, providing about 15% of the country's electricity.
The most notable by height, type, and reservoir size, are among those listed.
At the time when the project was defined as a "power plant" there was no automatic correlation between a "power plant" and a public electricity supply.
It has an installed heat capacity of 2,081 MW and power generation capacity of 622 MW.
The proposed Crows Nest Wind Farm, will be located in south-eastern Queensland, 40 kilometres north of Toowoomba.
The maximum power output of the dam is 18 MW.
2 are two large pumped-storage hydroelectric power plants in Yuzawa, Minamiuonuma, Niigata Prefecture, Japan.
The acquisition was approved by FERC and the companies officially combined on March 12, 2012 with Constellation Energy taking the Exelon name.
The following is a list of reservoirs and dams, arranged by continent and country.
Five months later, on December 2, a non-binding memorandum of understanding was signed between NEK EAD, Rosatom, Altran and Fortum, setting up a 6.3 bln.
Some of the dams are listed below by prefecture.
FirstEnergy is the holding company for Ohio Edison, Cleveland Electric Illuminating Company, Toledo Edison, Metropolitan Edison, Jersey Central Power and Light, and the Pennsylvania Power Company.
Atakum Dam is a dam in Turkey.
The Susitna river, which drains into the Cook Inlet, is a major salmon spawning ground.
It can be seen when driving toward Ames on Highway 30.
Along with flood control, the dam also generates electric energy, generating an average of 15,000,000 kilowatt-hours annually.
The Kirirom 1 Dam is an embankment dam located in the Kirirom National Park of Koh Kong Province, Cambodia
The project was built at a cost of Rs 4922.6 million.
The Capanda Dam is a hydroelectric dam on the Kwanza River in Malanje Province, Angola.
The Edolo Pumped Storage Plant is located along the Oglio River just downstream of Edolo, Brescia Province in the Lombardy region of Italy.
It is located on 700 hectares of farm land on the Tararua Ranges of New Zealand.
The district heating system is owned and operated by Drammen Fjernvarme who have the rights to the concession area given by the Drammen Municipality.
Alpaslan-1 Dam is a dam and hydroelectric power station in Muş Province, Turkey.
When the wind farm was built, the turbines were the tallest in the state of Wisconsin, and among the tallest in North America.
Kalecik Dam is a dam in Osmaniye Province, Turkey.
The power station's site is now occupied by a PC World outlet.
Each of the two coal-fired units has a name-plate capacity of 265.2 MW.
Turkey Point is owned by Florida Power & Light.
While a total of 466 hectares have been brought under cultivation, the balance 1396 hectares will be brought under cultivation during 2009–10, Paramasivan said.
Its auxiliary dam is 130 feet high and 600 feet long.
The lake formed by the dam is scenic, providing income from fishing and tourism.
The gas for the power plant is sourced from GAIL HBJ Pipeline - South Basin Gas field.
Water from Lake Ruataniwha flows through Ohau B, then Ohau C and then through to Lake Benmore.
The Lukoml power station is a natural gas-fired thermal power station located in Novolukoml, Vitsebsk Voblast, Belarus.
From the 145 m tall Virdnejávr Dam to the end of the power station the river is dry for about 2 km.
It is north of the River Dee.
It receives an annual rainfall of 775 millimetres.
When fully completed, the entire project may become the world's biggest collective windfarm.
The purpose of the dam, the tallest in Okinawa, is water supply and flood control.
Ngodwana Dam is an earth-fill type dam located on the Ngodwana River, near Nelspruit, Mpumalanga, South Africa.
Construction works at the site began in July 2008.
The dam's power plant generates 134 megawatts.
The purpose of the dam is to produce hydroelectric power and it supplies the largest hydroelectric power station in the country.
The primary purpose of the dam is hydroelectric power generation and its power station has an installed capacity of 13,860 MW.
On the property are 1000 to 1400 sheep, which produce about 180 thousand litres of milk, which has been made into cheese.
The first of the two station, Uskmouth A power station, was built in the 1950s and demolished in 2002.
In 2002, the Government permitted the Navi Mumbai Municipal Corporation to take over the Morbe dam.
Its primary task is to supply district heating to the district-heating network of Greater Copenhagen.
The fort served as a strategic site on the river to defend two lines of transportation; it operated for 36 years.
It can hold up to 12,897,000 cubic metres of water of which 967,860 cubic metres can be used for power generation.
All studies were carried out by 2000.
The weir supplies water to the town of Mitchell, is used for irrigation and regulates streamflow.
These units used two flue gas stacks: one with a height of 200 metres and one with a height of 160 metres.
The dam is an embankment structure 75 metres high and 600 metres long, containing 5,000,000 m3 of fill.
The dam was completed in 1965 after three years of construction.
4.98 billion in annual water storage benefits, Rs.
US 501 crosses the James River on a girder bridge.
It was built before Islamic revolution by Yugoslavian engineers and is one of the ten largest dams in Iran.
To build the dam, 500 men moved, by hand, about 300,000 m3 of earth.
The dam serves mainly to generate hydroelectric power, but it is also used for recreational uses.
The plant is primarily used to supply steam to Arlanxeo, Styrolution, Suncor and Nova Chemicals and power onto the Ontario Grid.
The primary purpose of the dam is hydroelectric power generation and it supports a 140 MW power station containing two 70 MW Pelton turbine-generators.
The second unit is very similar to the first, with some technical improvements based on the experience gained from the operation of unit 1.
The Bilibino Nuclear Power Plant is a power plant in Bilibino, Chukotka Autonomous Okrug, Russia.
A flue-gas desulfurization project was completed in September 2008.
With its 1,244-megawatt electrical output, Seabrook Unit 1 is the largest individual electrical generating unit on the New England power grid.
The Engineering, procurement and construction contract is given to Reliance Infrastructure.
Formerly known as the Bruce Nuclear Power Development, the facility was constructed in stages between 1970 and 1987 by the provincial Crown corporation, Ontario Hydro.
Çavdır Dam is a dam in Turkey.
Each turbine has a capacity of 2 megawatts.
The Tianhuangping Pumped Storage Power Station is a pumped-storage power station in Tianhuangping, Anji County of Zhejiang Province, China.
The largest dam by structural volume in the country is the Tokuyama Dam with 13,700,000 m3 of rock-fill.
It comprised six units; both 280 MW units were taken out of service in mid-December 2010 and determined to be beyond economic repair.
It has 4 individual Francis turbines which will deliver up to 160 MW of power.
The company is invested by State Development and Investment Company and Sichuan Chuantou Energy Limited.
Its foundation stone was laid by Prime Minister Yusuf Raza Gilani of Pakistan on 18 October 2011, Majority funding being provided by Aga Khan Development Network.
It is located on Little Dry Creek approximately 9 mi upstream from Englewood in Arapahoe County, Colorado, United States.
The 16 MW power station was later connected to the grid on 28 February 1959.
Construction work on the station started in 1958, and in 1961 the first 50 MW unit went in service.
Major dam construction started in Iran in the 1950s.
As a consequence of the dam failure, aging dams at Pear Reservoir, Bluebird Lake and Sandbeach Lake in the park were demolished and removed.
It has a full capacity of 57.887 million cubic meters of water and serves primarily for irrigation purposes.
In June 2009, construction to raise the height of the dam by 117 ft, in order to more than double its reservoir size, commenced.
Just to the north of the dam is a rip rap saddle dam to support water elevation in the reservoir.
The project, will have capacity of 46.8 MW.
It is to be built on the site of the former coal-fired North Tees Power Station.
Below is a list of dams and reservoirs in Japan.
On the northern bank where the town of Sarnitsa and Krushata neighborhood are located.
In 2005 it generated on average about 2,450 MWe, enough power to supply about 2 million average American homes.
Around 200 people were involved in its construction.
Esbjerg Power Station is a coal-fired power station at Esbjerg, Denmark.
The tallest dam in China is the Jinping-I Dam at 305 m, an arch dam, which is also the tallest dam in the world.
The dam and other non-power components are owned by the government through the National Power Corporation.
Tokuyama also creates Japan's largest reservoir with a water volume of 660,000,000 m3.
CARMA uses a statistical model that predicts CO2 emissions given the size, age, fuel type, estimated capacity utilization, and engineering specifications of individual plants.
Energy from wind farm is delivered to homes and businesses in Tennessee Valley Authority's service area in parts of seven southeastern states.
The Overcreek Dam was an earth-fill embankment dam on Rockyford Creek, a tributary of Gills Creek, in Forest Acres of Richland County, South Carolina.
Emissions in the form of particulates are a frequent source of pollution complaints in the neighbourhood and region.
Gazivoda Lake covers 11.9 km2 of which 2.7 km2 are in Serbia.
The new, higher dam consists of a shale body with a clay core in the centre.
Units 2 and 4 continue to operate because Duke Energy installed baghouses, greatly reducing the pollution and meet the current standards set by the EPA.
The 850 MW plant uses air cooling technology to reduce water consumption.
In January 2013, the first residential apartments went on sale.
111 total villages are under command of the Dantiwada Dam, of which 12 villages are partially submerged.
The upgrades increase the generating capacity of each unit by as much as 17%.
In the end, 912 families were displaced and 780 households lost all or part of their land.
The largest dam by structural volume in the country is the Tokuyama Dam with 13,700,000 m3 of rock-fill.
The Kalyani Dam is a gravity dam constructed across the Swarnamukhi river at Tirupati city in Chittoor District of Andhra Pradesh, India.
Construction on the dams were started in 1970 and completed in 1975.
The largest reservoir had a double-wall, 80 m long and 4–5 m high, in-filled with sand and ash.
Bayramiç Dam is a dam in Çanakkale Province, Turkey.
The KKL is an old project, planning began 1964 for a 600 MW reactor with river water cooling.
The plant is kept in reserve for Spain's electricity grid.
17.86 to generate one unit of electricity.
The project was approved in 2000 and its first generator was commissioned on 27 March 2011, the second on 30 March 2011.
The dam was designed by Stucky of France and consultation was provided by Mahab Ghodss, International Consulting Engineering Co.
The facility is located on about 900 acres west of Avila Beach, California, of which about 12 acres form the power-producing portion of the plant.
During the dry season, the basin behind the dam is used for groundwater recharge, as well as various recreational activities.
and Japan water agency's "Kisogawa Yosui"to water from here, which is used for irrigation and water supply in central Gifu prefecture.
Didcot Power Stations consist of an active natural gas power plant that supplies the National Grid, and a closed combined coal and oil power plant.
In late August 2010 rainstorms caused the dam to fill to dangerous levels.
The plant is owned and operated by PSEG Nuclear LLC.
The station, commissioned in 1963, was the first major pumped storage system in the UK.
Below is a list of dams and reservoirs in Japan.
Previously owned by Aquila Piatt County Power, purchased by AmerenUE in 2006.
The income from the sold electrical energy is worth of 173,000,000 BGN or approximately €80,000,000.
Lake Lassa is regulated at a level between 543 m and 519 m, and Little Lakes serves as the reservoir for the Kvænangsbotn Hydroelectric Power Station.
The community had been named after the title character in the Charles Dickens novel, The Pickwick Papers.
Water from the reservoir is used for industry, agriculture and power.
It was situated in the city centre of Newcastle upon Tyne on Forth Banks, a street to the rear of Newcastle's Central Station.
The Småvatna Hydroelectric Power Station is a hydroelectric power station in the municipality of Kvænangen in Troms county, Norway.
In August 2017 the Spanish government did not renew its operating licence, and the reactor will be decommissioned.
For almost forty years prior to the lock construction there had been efforts made to construct a lock and dam on the Yamhill River.
The power is sold to Direct Energy Texas under a 15-year power purchase agreement.
The hub-height is 79 metres and the rotor diameter is 88 metres.
Preparations for construction of Martin Dam began in 1916 as Alabama Power began to purchase lands that would be flooded by its construction.
While the Shippingport Reactor has been decommissioned, Beaver Valley Units 1 and 2 are still licensed and in operation.
The farm is immediately north west of the West of Duddon Sands Wind Farm and also to the west of Ormonde Wind Farm.
Construction of the dam began in 2006 and it is expected to be complete by 2016.
It is 1395 feet long, and connects Gallatin County, Kentucky, and Switzerland County, Indiana.
Its success was a major milestone and marked Canada's entry into the global nuclear power scene.
It will irrigate a command area of 84,380 acres and will have hydro-power generation capacity of 83.4 MW.
Until 2013, the dam provided irrigation water for two canals that serve 150,000 acres of farmland on the west side of the Sacramento Valley.
Kurdish militants have also attacked infrastructure associated with the dam which has led to construction delays.
Water from the power station is discharged into the lower reservoir.
The barrage is 750 m long, from Brebis point in the west to Briantais point in the east.
Karapuzha Dam is located in the greenish and natural regions of Wayanad, Kerala on the Karapuzha River, a tributary of the Kabini River.
SSM2 is 30 MW Ac, and SSM3 is 10 MW Ac, both near Black Road on the east side of Sault Ste Marie.
The power station is located underground downstream and contains two 56 MW Francis turbine-generators.
Furthermore, the Power Station and Township premises are declared as plastic free zones.
The wind farm will have an electricity production of 185 GWh per year that will save the emission of 130,000 tonnes of carbon dioxide.
The tallest dam in Japan is the 186 m high Kurobe Dam.
Vattenfall Europe Nuclear Energy GmbH owns 20% and E.ON 80%.
The plant was built in stages between 1960 and 1972.
The dam was constructed between 1958 and 1964 and is best known for the concrete placement techniques used during its construction.
Remarkably, the reservoir has suffered very little silting since.
The current governor of the region is Prince Jalawi Bin Abdul-Aziz Bin Mosaad.
The hot water tank contains 19,000 m3, suitable for 15 hours of cold weather consumption.
The lake and dam are owned by the Monterey County Water Authority.
As of 2005, the power plant had capacity of 39 MW electricity and 534 MW of heat.
It has a power generating capacity of 350 megawatts enough to power over 235,000 homes
The dam was completed in 1940 and in 1942 it failed.
In 2013, the dam was decommissioned and the river allowed to flow freely through the site in order to protect migrating fish.
It impounds the Phrom River, a tributary of the Mekong.
In the face of determined opposition from the National Park Service and conservation groups, the dam was never built.
The designer was Hermann Schussler, Chief Engineer of the Spring Valley Water Company.
When complete it will have an installed generating capacity of 1,040 megawatts and a pumping capacity of 940 megawatts.
The station has two open-cycle gas turbines that together can generate a total of 320 MW of electricity.
Completed by 1912 the Ocoee Dam No.
The companies Stockholms Elverk and Statens Vattenfallsverk were responsible for the building of the Ågesta plant.
It is located in the Wet Tropics World Heritage Area 20 kilometres north-west of Cairns.
It has a capacity of 55.3 million m3.
This debate occurs in both the academic literature, as well as the media, and is a focus for many activist groups.
In Estes Park the flood joined the Big Thompson River and flowed into Lake Estes on the eastern edge of the city.
The concession contract with Babadag Municipality was signed in September 2007.
Since the station's closure, numerous redevelopment plans were drawn up from successive site owners.
The Berg River Dam is a 68-metre high dam on the Berg River in South Africa.
Each operating unit will be designed for a discharge of 48.7 m3/s and also have transformer yard and switch yard.
These turbines are manufactured by Dongfang Electric Machinery Co. Ltd.
It can withhold up to 48,510,000 cubic metres of water.
The plant's FERC license runs through August 2014.
Condamine Power Station is a 140 MW combined cycle power station near Miles on the western Darling Downs in Queensland, Australia.
Yurajcocha, Tintayari or Huampuni is a lake in Peru located in the Junín Region, Huancayo Province, Chongos Alto District.
Source of water for the power plant is Hazira Branch Canal Singanpur Weir.
Iō Dam is a dam in Kanazawa, Ishikawa Prefecture, Japan, completed in 2001.
The project occupies federal lands administered by the U.S. Forest Service.
The 3,200-acre lake is 5 miles long and over 1 mile wide, and lies at an elevation of 6,900 feet.
The K3 is particularly well suited to the Fish River with a relatively rock-free river bed and easily negotiable weirs.
The Avenal Solar Facility is a 57.7 megawatt photovoltaic power station in Kings County, California, constructed using 450,900 SHARP-128W thin-film modules.
The Hatch Solar Energy Center is a 5 MWp concentrated photovoltaics power station, the largest in North America when it was completed, in 2011.
The lake straddles the line separating Oklahoma and Canadian counties.
A spillway was constructed on the right side of the dam in 1697 after it partially failed due to flooding.
These combustors, completed in 2002 and rated at 297.5 megawatts each, produce enough electricity to light more than 250,000 households.
Anegasaki Power Station is a large power station in Ichihara, Chiba, Japan.
Walwan Dam, is a gravity dam on the Indrayani river near Lonavla, Pune district in State of Maharashtra in India.
Matsusaburō Yokoyama, pioneering Japanese photographer, artist, lithographer and teacher
It will be the country's largest power plant.
The largest dam by structural volume in the country is the Tokuyama Dam with 13,700,000 m3 of rock-fill.
These facilities are located within the provincial territory of Diyarbakır, at a distance of 50 kilometres to Diyarbakır city centre.
Tokuyama also creates Japan's largest reservoir with a water volume of 660,000,000 m3.
Its catchment lies within the Gold Coast local government area and covers an area of 98 square kilometres.
It is planned to host at least four 1,250-megawatt AP1000 pressurized water reactors.
Another purpose of the dam which has been widely reported in the Turkish press is to reduce the freedom of movement of PKK militants.
Balakovo nuclear power station is located in the city of Balakovo, Saratov Oblast, Russia, about 900 kilometers south-east of Moscow.
The Thisavros Dam is a rock-fill dam on the Nestos River in the regional unit of Drama in the northeastern portion of Greece.
The maximum output is 6.5 MW, equivalent to the annual energy required to power 3300 homes.
Before its recent refurbishment, the station produced 6.3 megawatts and 35–40 gigawatt-hours of electricity per year.
After years of delay and a cost of US$2 billion, the power complex became operational in June 2013.
The travel time from Dodoma is about three hours on a gravel road.
Initial construction on the dam began in 1969 and foundation work in 1971.
It is owned and operated by Enel.
The primary purpose of the dam is flood control but it also serves for power generation.
Power is produced under contract to the Ontario Power Authority.
This has partially caused rapid silting of the reservoir and sediment removal was started in mid-2009.
Construction of the dam began in 1972.
The development was backed by the Turkish State Hydraulic Works.
Further plans for an additional two 1.2 GW wind farms were shelved in 2015.
The flora and fauna around the reservoir are diverse and the geography offers breathtaking sights.
Each reactor has its own cooling tower 165 metres high.
The development was backed by the Turkish State Hydraulic Works.
Some of the dams are listed below by prefecture.
A dam can also be used to collect water or for storage of water which can be evenly distributed between locations.
Germeçtepe Dam is a dam in Turkey.
The South Ukraine Nuclear Power Station, is a nuclear power station in Ukraine.
The lake is relatively shallow and warms significantly during the summer, which tends to decrease fish populations.
It was named in the language of the Yurok people.
Four main mountain roads link the reservoir to the rest of the world.
The station consists of two generators, at 100 megawatts and 50 MW, respectively.
The tallest dam in Japan is the 186 m high Kurobe Dam.
According to the 1981 census, about 2,897 persons living in 11 villages were affected by the project.
The Plane traversed Broad Mountain between the boroughs of Mahanoy Plane and Frackville.
Between 2006 and 2012, a 96 MW hydroelectric power station with four 12 MW pit turbine-generators was added on the right bank.
The development was backed by the Turkish State Hydraulic Works.
The consequences of continued operation include saving 4,200 jobs and the annual generation of 22 billion kWhs of CO2-free energy.
Hunterston B Power Station is a nuclear power station in North Ayrshire, Scotland.
Construction began in 2007, the reservoir began to fill in 2009 and the project was complete in December 2009.
Changuinola I Dam, is located in district of Changuinola, in the Province of Bocas del Toro, in the western part of Panama.
It uses fresh water sourced from the Yeluru Canal as working fluid.
The single stack is 122 m in height.
Tokuyama also creates Japan's largest reservoir with a water volume of 660,000,000 m3.
At the time when it was started, it had the largest reactor pressure vessel of any nuclear power plant worldwide.
A planned second identical unit was cancelled soon after construction began following a change of government in 1983.
It is owned by Dudgeon Offshore Wind Limited, a subsidiary of Statoil, Masdar and Statkraft.
They were numbered from 1 to 75, including two locks with fractional numbers and none numbered 65.
Turbines for the plant were produced by the Kharkiv Factory "Turboatom", generators - Kharkiv Factory "Elektrovazhmash".
Quad Cities Generating Station is a two-unit nuclear power plant located near Cordova, Illinois, USA on the Mississippi River.
The Indira Gandhi Centre for Atomic Research is responsible for the design of this reactor.
The power plant uses Lake Dubrava as its reservoir and was completed in 1989.
The plant itself features a single boiler and a single 169 metre smokestack.
This project is completed by the technical assistance of Chinese corporations.
It is located in Myōjin-chō, in the city of Tsuruga, Fukui.
Its reservoirs helps irrigate 80,937 hectares and its power station has an installed capacity of 384 megawatts.
Gathright Dam is an earthen and rolled rock-fill embankment dam on the Jackson River 19 miles north of Covington, Virginia.
Construction of the dam started in 1975 and was completed in 1982.
The upper reaches of the Bighorn, south of the Owl Creek Mountains in Wyoming, are known as the Wind River.
Construction of the dam was finished in 1958.
The Boysen Dam is a rockfill dam on the Wind River in the U.S. state of Wyoming.
Harry Allen Generating Station is a 628-megawatt gas-fired power station located in Clark County, Nevada.
The A station has six 30MW generators and 11 chain grate boilers.
This hydro power project is an important step towards using of renewable energy sources in Bulgaria.
The impounded reservoir is called the Jounama Pondage.
Tokuyama also creates Japan's largest reservoir with a water volume of 660,000,000 m3.
The Hohhot Pumped Storage Power Station, also known by Huhehaote, is located 20 kilometres north of Hohhot in Inner Mongolia, China.
These reactors are capable of consuming multiple types of fuel, including wastes from South Koreas other nuclear plants.
Descendants of those buried there go to visit the graves of their ancestors.
Heysham Power Station is a nuclear power station located in Heysham, Lancashire, England, operated by EDF Energy.
The Peshtera Hydro Power Plant is an active underground hydro power plant in Peshtera, Bulgaria, part of the Batak Hydropower Cascade.
As of April 21, 2016 the reservoir sits at 62.5% of capacity.
The development was backed by the Turkish State Hydraulic Works.
After the town was connected to the National Grid in 1949 the power station was decommissioned.
Yahagi 2 uses water from the Second Yahagi Dam, a smaller dam downstream of the main one, and has a capacity of 31.2 MW.
The Marysville Power Plant, nicknamed the Mighty Marysville, was a Coal-Fired Power Plant in Marysville, Michigan on the shore of the St. Clair River.
Hamzadere Dam is a dam in Turkey.
It is 8 km north of Kozan.
It is located about 6 km from Jog Falls.
A rehabilitation of the power station began in 2007 and was completed in 2013.
New technicians were hired and a budget of about $120 million was requested for 2006.
The Baishan Dam is located upstream and the Fengman Dam downstream.
It is fed by the Dospat River.
It is located upstream of the Madhopur Barrage at Madhopur.
Some of the dams are listed below by prefecture.
The German state of Baden-Württemberg has called for a temporary closure in line with the 3-month shutdown of pre-1981 plants ordered in Germany.
The same company also operates the older Đa Nhim Hydroelectric Power Station.
Tourist attractions such as Courtallam, Madurai, Kodaikanal, and Tiruchendur are day trips from Kansapuram.
It is a tributary of the Ishikari River.
The solar park was developed by the company Solarhybrid and built by conecon using 62,832 225-watt and 110,880 230-watt solar panels, both manufactured by Suntech.
Construction on the dam began in June 1998 but stalled in 2008.
The Shimokotori Dam is a rock-fill dam on the Shimokotori River about 15 km west of Hida in Gifu Prefecture, Japan.
Some of the dams are listed below by prefecture.
This component is now under implementation with financial and technical support from the US government
The Tymień Wind Farm is a group of wind turbines located in the vicinity of Tymień, West Pomeranian Voivodeship near Kołobrzeg, in the district of Koszalin.
The primary purpose of the dam is hydroelectric power production and it services a 292 MW power station with water.
Yellowtail Dam is a dam across the Bighorn River in south central Montana in the United States.
I is a 22 megawatt solar photovoltaic power plant in San Carlos, Negros Occidental.
By 1910 the advantages of steam turbines were well known and four steam turbine alternators were installed in the second stage of the station's building programme.
As for the latter, Swaziland was responsible for about 40% of the cost.
Chilime is the brainchild of Dr. Damber Bahadur Nepali, a prominent hydropower expert in Nepal, who founded the company and worked as its first Managing Director.
Wivenhoe Dam was planned in the early 1970s as a flood mitigation and water storage dam.
Denawaka Ganga Mini Hydro Power Project is a run of river mini hydro power project located in Ratnapura, Sri Lanka.
It was built as a storage facility, controlling the flow of water from the Duncan River into the Kootenay Lake reservoir.
The plant contains two 25 megawatts Francis turbine-generators.
Bokpoort CSP is a concentrated solar power thermal energy power plant, located near Groblershoop in the Northern Cape province of South Africa.
It was delayed from 1992 until 2001 and the first generator went online in May 2013.
The Darwin Dam is an offstream earthfill embankment saddle dam without a spillway, located in Western Tasmania, Australia.
After a tender process in 2006, RES NZ Ltd was selected to develop the project.
From May 2012 to December 2013, Unit 1 was offline while repairs were made related to some deformed graphite moderator blocks.
The breeding ratio attained by Shippingport's third core was 1.01.
The west portal of the Alva B. Adams Tunnel is located on Grand Lake.
Once completed the project will be the largest in the country generating an estimated 48MW of electricity.
In total, the Ft. Calhoun reactor has 600,000 to 800,000 pounds of high level nuclear waste.
It was coal powered with one steam driven turbo generator with a capacity of 151 MW of electricity.
It was constructed in three phases and has a total wind generation capacity of 524 megawatts.
It was located 962 miles downstream from Pittsburgh.
The plant is slated for eventual demolition and redevelopment of the site.
4,500 acre, 21 mile long reservoir on the New River created for a hydroelectric project of Appalachian Power Company.
FutureGen is a project to demonstrate capture and sequestration of waste carbon dioxide from a coal-fired electrical generating station.
As of November 2010, the plant operated at a net output of 37 megawatts.
The lake extends 25 miles to the north, nearly to Salamanca, New York, which is within the Allegany Reservation of the Seneca Nation of New York.
It was established in 1990 and serves mainly for irrigation purposes.
It is located 5 kilometres northwest of Megalopoli via the GR-76, its entrance is 1 kilometre to the east.
The Nore Power Station is a hydroelectric power station located in the municipality Nore og Uvdal in Buskerud, Norway.
ONGC, OIL and Focus Energy Ltd. are among the gas suppliers.
It is the third dam in the Dnieper cascade and creates the largest reservoir on the river.
The Eshkol Power Station is a power station supplying electrical power to the Shephelah region in Israel.
As part of its social employment mandate the Station is to receive Public service obligation support until 2019.
The resultant impounded reservoir is called Lake Clarendon.
In the first phase 63 wind turbines were erected over a 93-square-kilometre area, capable of delivering 99 megawatts.
Pakistani Government announced in August 2013 to establish 10 coal power plants of total capacity of 6,600 MW with technical and financial assistance mostly from China.
Since 1934 Loch Laggan has been a reservoir, retained behind the Laggan Dam, forming part of the Lochaber hydro-electric scheme.
Waghad Dam, is an earthfill dam on Kalwan river near Dindori, Nashik district in the state of Maharashtra in India.
The tallest dam in Japan is the 186 m high Kurobe Dam.
It was finally decommissioned and dismantled between 1997 and 2005, though some of the plant's nuclear waste is still stored on site, pending final disposal.
It lies even closer to the small city of Burgin.
Kikagati Hydroelectric Power Station, also referred to as Kikagati Power Station, is a proposed 16 MW hydroelectric power station in Uganda.
The main building was a triple gabled building, with irregular windows.
Copco Number 1 and Number 2 Dams are two of the four dams in the Klamath River Hydroelectric Project which have been proposed for removal.
Tokuyama also creates Japan's largest reservoir with a water volume of 660,000,000 m3.
Barton Power Station was a coal-fired power station on the Bridgewater Canal in Trafford Park, near Eccles, Lancashire, England.
A collapse never occurred, but the main spillway suffered significant damage and the bare slope of the emergency spillway was significantly eroded.
Construction of the main embankment began in 1976, and was topped out in late 1978.
The Kavarna Wind Farm is a proposed wind power project in Kavarna, Bulgaria.
The purpose of the dam is to generate hydroelectricity, regulate the flow of the Euphrates and provide water for irrigation.
The dam provides for irrigation to several thousand hectares of farming land in Hoshangabad and Harda districts.
The project includes the construction of a weir 244 m downstream to help dissipate energy from the spillway upstream of it.
The scheme consists of 11 wind turbines with an installed capacity of up to 100 megawatts.
Melton Hill Dam is a hydroelectric dam on the Clinch River just south of Oak Ridge, Tennessee, United States.
This caused the loss of plant and wildlife biodiversity as well as the loss of minerals and timber rights.
Samarra was once in the "Sunni Triangle" of violence during the sectarian violence in Iraq.
Excavators found traces of revetments and a rudimentary apron on the up-stream face.
Nagarjuna Sagar was the earliest in the series of large infrastructure projects termed as "modern temples" initiated for achieving the Green Revolution in India.
This would extend the farm to the north of Crystal Rig 2a.
The tallest dam in Japan is the 186 m high Kurobe Dam.
A system of canals off the main dam supply a network of irrigation canals to the various regions for irrigation.
The station was a landmark for years and was shut down in April, 2005, after 43 years of service.
Bergkamen Power Station is a coal-fired power station in Germany.
The dam creates a lake which is 5.6 km ².
The difference in elevation between the reservoir and power station affords a net hydraulic head of 136 m.
The Wayang Windu Geothermal Power Station is the largest geothermal power station in Indonesia.
In addition to a generating capacity of 553 MWe, the station also feeds the Rostock district heating net.
The Imboulou Dam is a dam on the Léfini River, near Ngabé, Ngabe District, Pool Department, Republic of the Congo, about 300 kilometers north of Brazzaville.
In 2003 the reactor and its nuclear waste became government property.
The first power station in Tušimice was commissioned in 1963–1964.
There are also two 81 meters tall cooling towers.
Kolasib district is one of the eight districts of Mizoram state in India.
Topçam Dam is a dam in Turkey.
The dam was awarded to FERNAS Energy Electricity Generation Co. Inc. in 2011 under a build–operate–transfer basis.
It was considered one of the strongest dams in Europe at the time, and it was the first dam built in modern Belgium.
At 550 ft tall, it is the second tallest center-line tailings dam in the world.
Crookwell Wind Farm, located at Crookwell west of Goulburn, New South Wales, consists of eight 600 kW wind turbines giving a total capacity of 4.8 MW.
There is a swimming beach and dock.
Jackson Lake is formed by the confluence of the Yellow, Alcovy and South rivers.
Below is a list of dams and reservoirs in Japan.
Curbans Solar Park is a 33 MW solar farm near Curbans, in France.
Construction of the dam began in 1964.
The Monroe Power Plant is a coal-fired power plant located in Monroe, Michigan, on the western shore of Lake Erie.
It was constructed on Gökçedağ, a mountain between Bahçe and Hasanbeyli, south of the Osmaniye-Gaziantep highway  .
Supporters call on the benefit to the lucrative cotton crops it will help irrigate and the dam's planned 120 MW hydroelectric power plant.
The dam is owned and operated by the LCRA.
Protests have been staged at the dam site and outside Government House in Bangkok.
The lake's surface is of 652 ha.
The Eyvashan Dam, also spelled Ashavan, is a rock-fill embankment dam on the Horood River about 40 kilometres east of Khorramabad in Lorestan Province, Iran.
The Genesee cooling pond, is an artificial pond covering 735 hectares.
The plant has been in operation since 1982.
The impounded reservoir is called the Island Bend Pondage.
The dam creates a 49 km2 wide lake with 1,150 hm3 capacity at normal water level.
The plant, which was built from 1982 to 1988, generates around 4.34 million megawatt hours of electricity per year.
On this site is built the Novovoronezh Nuclear Power Plant II.
Kurihara is a city located in Miyagi Prefecture, Japan.
At this time this Solar Park was the second largest PV Power Plant.
It is the first civilian nuclear power plant built in the Middle East.
However, following a public inquiry the plans were not approved and instead NESCo installed new capacity at their existing power stations.
Together with the Ivailovgrad HPP and Studen Kladenets HPP, Kardzhali HPP forms the Dolna Arda Hydro Cascade with total capacity of 276 MW.
Together with several other dams and retention basins, it forms the flood protection system for the eastern Harz.
During the 2011 Souris River flood, the dam's reservoir reached maximum levels and releases of 7,500 cu ft/s in early June, contributing to flooding downstream.
Together with the Ueno Dam, it provides water for the Kannagawa Hydropower Plant owned by the Tokyo Electric Power Company.
Schwarze Pumpe power station is a modern lignite-fired power station in the "Schwarze Pumpe" district in Spremberg, Germany consisting of 2 × 800 megawatts units.
Additionally, Dalia Energies has requested permission from the electric authority to conduct a feasibility study for adding additional generation units to the station.
Some of the dams are listed below by prefecture.
The East Brimfield Reservoir, located in Sturbridge and Brimfield to its west, lies within the Quinebaug River Watershed and is part of the Thames River Basin.
Garves Wind Farm consists of 5 turbines with an installed capacity of 15 MW.
Fukuzato Dam is an underground dam constructed in Miyakojima, Okinawa Prefecture.
The dam embankment is 169 m high and 1,820 m long.
With a combined installed capacity of 1,160 megawatts, it is among the largest pumped-storage power stations in Japan.
Josefův Důl is a village and municipality in the Jablonec nad Nisou District of the Liberec Region in the Czech Republic.
The reservoir for the dam is Kinbasket Lake, which was created when the dam was built.
The facility runs at an installed capacity of 5,875 MW.
It was developed by Humber Wind Limited, a wholly owned subsidiary of E.ON UK plc.
Chungju is a city in North Chungcheong province, South Korea.
It is widely assumed that the underground reactors had military purposes, being able to produce plutonium.
Construction on the dam began in May 1970, the first generator was operational in December 1973 and the second in November 1974.
Construction of the dam was suspended in June 2014 due to a lack of funding.
Bennett Dam has the capacity to generate more than 13,000 GWh annually.
Sevan–Hrazdan Cascade is a complex of hydroelectric power plants on the Hrazdan River and its tributaries between the Lake Sevan and Yerevan in Armenia.
Construction began in 1951, and the station opened in 1958.
Farakka Super Thermal Power Plant is located at Nabarun in Murshidabad district in Indian state of West Bengal.
The Shimajigawa Dam is a concrete gravity dam on the Shimaji River 13 km north of Shūnan in Yamaguchi Prefecture, Japan.
Energy is sold to Manitoba Hydro through a 27-year purchase agreement.
The Squanacook River Dam is just south of Groton Road between Groton and Shirley in Middlesex County, Massachusetts.
The Environment Court ruling was successfully appealed to the High Court with judgment delivered in June 2013.
Long Gully is an area adjacent to the Karori Wildlife Sanctuary.
The largest solar power station in Swabia was built by the German company Gehrlicher Solar and features the following key figures:
Kamiasō Dam is a dam in the Gifu Prefecture of Japan.
The Salto Santiago Hydroelectric Power Plant is a dam and hydroelectric power plant on the Iguazu River near Santiago in Paraná, Brazil.
Toktogul Reservoir is the largest of the reservoirs on the path of the Naryn River, a northern tributary of the Syr Darya.
"Forward" is also the motto of the State of Wisconsin.
It was originally slated for decommissioning in 2015, but was closed in April 2013.
The largest lake in the area is Mulshi lake, some 50 km northwest of Khadakwasla, which has a rather large dam confining it.
The Nkhula B Power Station is a hydroelectric power plant of the Shire River in Malawi.
The plant can generate up to 35 MW of power using a steam turbine in electricity only mode.
The population of the former municipality at the 2011 census was 8,117.
The construction of the dam cost $750 million, making it the largest project of its kind in the province of BC.
A separate M5.2 strike-slip event occurred three days later and several kilometers to the northwest that also caused damage and one additional death.
Mudan Township is a mountain indigenous township in Pingtung County, Taiwan.
Bur Oak Energy Centre - 3.25 MW CHP opened in 2014
It has two General Electric boiling water reactors with a total capacity of 1,759 megawatts.
Dhamapur dam, is an earthfill dam on local river near Malvan, Sindhudurg district in the state of Maharashtra in India.
Below is a list of dams and reservoirs in Japan.
The largest dam by structural volume in the country is the Tokuyama Dam with 13,700,000 m3 of rock-fill.
The park has five units, each German-manufactured Enercon turbines rated at 2000 kW.
The dam is located downstream of the larger Coleman Falls Dam.
The dam was authorized in 1944 and groundbreaking was in 1961; it was completed in 1967 after six years of construction.
Lawn Lake was originally a natural lake with a surface area of 16.4 acres, located at an elevation of approximately 11,000 feet in the Rocky Mountains.
It has an installed capacity of 1,060 megawatts, the largest hydroelectric power plant in Germany and one of largest in Europe.
US$23 million of the US$47 million project cost was provided by the World Bank.
The Solar Energy Center has an array of approximately 190,000-mirror parabolic troughs on about 500 acres of the Martin County plant.
Marun Dam, also spelled Maroun, is a rock-fill embankment dam on the Marun River about 15 km north of Behbahan in Behbahan County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.
It is located 14 km north of Minakami.
This project utilizes about 5.0 TMC of water and creates 24500 Acres of Ayacut in both Cherla and Dummugudem Mandals, Khammam District.
As of 20 February 2013, RATCH is partnering with the University of Queensland to investigate replacing all the coal-fired power generators with solar thermal generators.
At each end of the dam there was an abutment cut into the rock of the gorge.
Lopburi is a province in the central region of Thailand.
Methil Power Station was a small base load coal slurry-fired power station in the town of Methil, Fife, Scotland.
The dam serves to provide irrigation for 72,300 hectares of land and its power plant generates 66 GWh of electricity annually.
The plant was totally renovated from 1998 to 2001, including replacement of four hydroelectric sets with a nominal output of around 65 MW.
Rauhalahti power station is a combined heat and power station built in 1986 in Jyväskylä, Finland.
This page shows the state-wise list of dams and reservoirs in India.
The development was backed by the Turkish State Hydraulic Works.
Koradi Thermal Power Station is located at Koradi near Nagpur, Maharashtra.
The Fyn Power Station is a coal, straw and municipal waste-fired power station operated by Vattenfall in Odense, Denmark.
The dam was designed in 1987, and is equipped with a ship lift capable of lifting vessels of 300,000 kg displacement.
Also on the northern boundary is the Cedar Grove Weir which began operations in 2008.
It is one of the 22 dams of the Southeastern Anatolia Project and its purpose is hydroelectric power production, flood control and water storage.
These sister stations were of similar design and were built, opened, and closed together.
The park offers campsites, picnicking, boat launch, and fishing.
By 2009, the 140 MW pumped-storage component between Lake Limmern and Tierfehd was commissioned.
Below is a list of dams and reservoirs in Japan.
Lake Davis is an artificial lake in Plumas County, California near the Sierra Nevada community of Portola.
The lignite-fired power station has an installed capacity of 3,000 megawatts and consists of six 500 MW units.
Below is a list of dams and reservoirs in Japan.
The company paid an additional $28 million in fines under a settlement with the U.S. Department of Justice.
It impounds the Black Warrior River for navigation and flood control.
"The Tillari dam was completed in all respects in May 2009," S Paramasivan, managing director of the Tillari irrigation development corporation told TOI on Wednesday.
Serving mainly for flood control and irrigation, the dam is an earthen embankment structure 156 feet high and 3,490 feet long.
Holtwood Dam is the oldest of three major dams built across the lower Susquehanna River, and the middle location of the three.
The incinerator is owned by FCC Environment as Kent Enviropower.
The Osborne Dam site on the Odzi River, Zimbabwe, was identified in the 1950s by the planning engineers of the Ministry of Water.
The reservoir's volume is 46 million m3 and is a major attraction for tourists and therefore becoming a place of many hotels and resorts.
Tokuyama also creates Japan's largest reservoir with a water volume of 660,000,000 m3.
Construction on the irrigation works is ongoing.
It is 124.5 metres high and 411 metres long.
Infiernillo is a volcanic field in Argentina.
After his victory in the 2012 Presidential Election, François Hollande confirmed his plan to close the plant in 2017.
Water from Lake Asturias can be pumped into Lake Apanás.
Together with several other dams and retention basins, it forms the flood protection system for the eastern Harz.
The town of East London was thus established around it.
The plant operated from 1981 to June 28, 2015, when it was taken offline as part of the phase out policy for nuclear power in Germany.
Similarly, when inflow is less than 700 cfs, all inflow passes over the spillway.
26, demolished in 1990, and is the first replacement structure on the Upper Mississippi River nine-foot navigation project.
Humorist Will Rogers looked at the grass in the lake bed, and said, "If this were my dam, I’d mow it."
The project would be implemented under the "Policy for Power Generation Projects- 2002" and would revert to the Government of Pakistan after the concession period.
It also reserves the rights to all renewable energy certificates and electricity production until 2038.
It is located 35 km downstream of the Sefidrud Dam.
The dam can be reached by road 30 km from Thiruvannamalai City.
The Mount Tom Station was a coal-fired power plant located in Holyoke, Massachusetts.
Shivana Takli Dam, is an earthfill dam on Shivna river near Kannad, Aurangabad district in the state of Maharashtra in India.
The locks and dam were built to replace the wicket-type locks and dams Number 12, 13 and 14.
The Ceylon Electricity Board pays the wind farm company a flat rate of Rs.19.43 per KWh over a 20-year period.
It produces about a third of the state's electricity.
The Novovoronezh nuclear power station is a nuclear power station close to Novovoronezh in Voronezh Oblast, central Russia.
The town is on the county's south border, south of Syracuse.
Its surface area is up to 8.5 hectares.
The facility is built on a 1 km2 site with a solar resource of 2,174 KWh/m3/year, producing an estimated 105,200 MWh of electricity per year.
The dam houses a hydroelectric power station with 5 x 400 MW generators for a total installed capacity of 2,000 MW.
Kutch Lignite Thermal Power Station is Gujarat State Electricity Corporation Limited's only lignite based power plant.
The dam was constructed between 1945 and 1951.
Construction on the dam began in 1927 and was completed in 1930.
The Roşieşti Wind Farm is a proposed wind power project in Vaslui County, Romania.
The development was backed by the Turkish State Hydraulic Works.
The Ouchi Dam Reservoir, formed by the Ouchi Dam, is the upper artificial reservoir, while Okawa Dam forms the lower reservoir.
Community opposition and changing needs saw the end of the proposal in November 2010.
A 33,000-volt line connects the power station to Transpower's Wairakei substation, injecting the station's electricity into both Unison's Taupo distribution network and the national grid.
The Vandellòs Nuclear Power Plant is a nuclear power plant in Vandellòs located close to the Coll de Balaguer pass in Catalonia, Spain.
It is owned by Companhia Portuguesa de Produção de Electricidade.
The power stations produces up to 11.4 TWh of energy annually.
It has been designed to withstand a probable maximum flood of 15,000 cubic metres per second.
The project was approved in 1974, the first two generators operational in 1987 and the rest by 2000.
The development was backed by the Turkish State Hydraulic Works.
Surveys for the dam were carried out in 1958, construction began in 1959 and the dam was complete in 1961.
The site is situated near the small town of Kandadji, Tillabéri Department, Tillabéri Region, Niger, 180 km northwest of the capital Niamey.
Below is a list of dams and reservoirs in Japan.
The difference in elevation between the reservoir and power station affords a hydraulic head of 150.5 m.
It is owned by RWE Power AG.
A number of other leisure developments and resorts are in progress.
ON 31 December 2014, a 15 MW solar PV was commissioned at NTPC SIngrauli.
The W. A. C. Bennett Dam is a large hydroelectric dam on the Peace River in northern British Columbia, Canada.
Injaka Dam, also spelled Inyaka Dam is an earth-fill type dam located on the Ngwaritsane River, near Bushbuckridge, Mpumalanga, South Africa.
Salmon Falls Creek is a tributary of the Snake River, flowing from northern Nevada into Idaho in the United States.
The primary purpose of the dam is hydroelectric power generation and it supports the 50 MW run-of-the-river Carlos Fonesca Plant.
The Osório wind farm is a wind farm in Brazil, located near the city of Osório, Rio Grande do Sul.
In January 2013 a project to deliver water from the dam through 39.3 km of pipes to a water treatment plant Silopi began.
It is fed by the Satpara Stream.
Tokuyama also creates Japan's largest reservoir with a water volume of 660,000,000 m3.
As of 2015, the project is under construction and is 95 percent completed.
St. Joseph Wind Farm is a wind energy power plant in southern Manitoba, Canada.
The Upper Manair Dam is a dam on the Manair River, at Narmal Village, Gambhiraopet mandal, Rajanna Sircilla district, Telangana by Nizam.
Its total area was 85.91 square kilometres.
They are smaller than Castaic Dam and Lake, the other artificial water storage facility in the area, 7 miles to the south.
Solenha is a proposed 12-megawatt Fresnel-lens, solar thermal power plant, located in Aspres-sur-Buëch, France.
Below is a list of dams and reservoirs in Japan.
Tokuyama also creates Japan's largest reservoir with a water volume of 660,000,000 m3.
The dam is a "run-of-the-river" dam because it can generate electricity without needing to store additional water supplies behind the dam.
It then runs 9.2 miles south along the west sides of Orson and Marsh islands, over three dammed falls.
Instead of raising the reservoir as initially envisioned, Outardes-2 was constructed to better exploit the river flow.
Merowe is a city about 40 kilometres downstream from the construction site at Hamdab.
The Bailianhe Pumped Storage Power Station is a pumped-storage hydroelectric power station located 58 kilometres east of Huanggang in Hubei Province, China.
Energy Capital acquired it from a subsidiary of the AES Corporation in April 2012, which, in November 2013, sold it to the Carlyle Group.
In 2010 planning began on a demonstration project Gunfleet Sands 3, used to test Siemens' 6MW wind turbine model; two 6MW turbines were installed in 2013.
Its primary use is to serve Achema factory.
Construction on Valle 1 and Valle 2 began in December 2009 and was completed in December 2011.
Construction of the second unit followed in July 2009.
Borssele is the only nuclear power plant still operational for electricity production in the Netherlands.
Kavali Canal is the main source of drinking to Kavali municipality of nearly 1.2 lakh population.
An expansion of two additional nuclear reactors has been approved by the state and is scheduled to begin in 2017.
The first two of 90 MW Francis turbine-generator sets was commissioned in February 2011, the second in March of the same year.
Çavdarhisar Dam is a dam in Turkey.
The solar power station covers area of 230,324 m2.
Unit 1 and 2 became operational in April 1988 after the completion of the Okawa Dam.
A total of 11 dams along the border; seven in Şırnak Province and four in Hakkâri Province were implemented for this purpose.
The dam was constructed between 2004 and 2011 for the primary purpose of hydroelectric power generation.
It is located on 11.5 km² of land north of the Manawatu Gorge in the North Island of New Zealand.
Radcliffe Power Station was a coal-fired power station in Radcliffe, Greater Manchester, England.
The reservoir holds approximately 5,000,000,000 m3 of water, and the generators are capable of producing 750 MW of electricity.
As of 2012, the plant generates 1460 gross MWe and 1300 net MWe.
In addition to controlling floods, Nayka dam is a major source of water for people in the district of Surendranagar.
The contract for the new plant involved The Shaw Group, a minority shareholder in Westinghouse.
Unit 7 has a 235 metres tall chimney, which is the second-tallest in Denmark, unit 3 a 141 metres tall chimney.
The project was developed by Keahole Solar Power, LLC.
Pawan Danavi is a subsidiary company of LTL Holdings.
The lake offers year-round fishing for yellow perch, crappie, rainbow trout, and walleye.
The Kaiwera Downs Wind Farm is a proposed wind farm to be located in the Southland region of New Zealand.
The lake, about 10 miles long, continues upriver to within about 7 miles of Oakridge.
The Sibioara Wind Farm is a proposed wind power project in Sibioara, Vaslui County, Romania.
It drains a primarily rural farming area in the watershed of Lake Erie.
Guru Gobind Singh Super Thermal Power Plant is located at Ghanauli near Ropar in Punjab.
In the Lopaupark by the lake there is a children's playpark.
The development was backed by the Turkish State Hydraulic Works.
The power plant is one of the coal based power plants of NTPC Limited.
It is in the San Gabriel Mountains, south of the Angeles National Forest, on the northern border of Sierra Madre.
Two units, B and C, are currently in operation.
The wind farm provides electricity to run a desalination plant, 260 km to the south.
The loch was surveyed on 2 and 3 of June 1902 by Sir John Murray, T.R.N.
The first generator in the dam's 45 MW hydroelectric power station was commissioned on 17 March 1969, the second on 13 April 1987.
When it was built, Fierza was the second in Europe for the height of its type.
It is the most populous city in Northern Finland and the fifth most populous city in the country.
The facility also contains the permanently shut-down Indian Point Unit 1 reactor.
Power station is largest single source of CO2 in Czech Republic.
Portions of the towns of Mount Pleasant and Ossining are within its 16-square-mile watershed.
The construction of the first reactor began on 6 April 1970.
There is a plan to build the 1,000 MW Ostrołęka C unit by 2015.
It was built in 1921 by the California Oregon Power Company, the predecessor of PacifiCorp, which continues to operate the dam.
The 155 m dam withholds a reservoir of 727,000,000 m3, of which 209,000,000 m3 is active or "useful" storage.
It is the fifth largest reservoir in California.
The plant houses two reactors each of 1300 MWe and the site has a total area of 100 hectares.
The dam supports a 710 megawatts hydroelectric station, generating power from four turbines.
Komati Power Station, is a coal-fired power plant operated by Eskom.
The dam serves mainly for irrigation purposes and its hazard potential has been ranked high.
In 1997, a 7,500 square metre bulk storage shed was built on the site of the power station.
The dam serves an associated hydroelectric power plant with a 1,440 megawatts installed capacity.
The site is located approximately 6 km north west of Penistone, above the A628 trunk road between Barnsley and Manchester.
Adjacent Yingkou Co-generation Photovoltaic Power Plant is a 10 MW photovoltaic power station that commenced operation in June 2016.
Water from the English Channel is used for cooling.
Nyumba ya Mungu means 'House of God'.
It will consist of four individual wind farms connected together.
This project utilizes about 5.0 TMC of water and creates 24500 Acres of Ayacut in both Cherla and Dummugudem Mandals, Khammam District.
On 9 May 2011 the company announced that Phase II was online.
It is mined, cleaned, processed, and shipped by a belt line across the street to the power plant.
Clark Canyon Dam is an earthfill dam located in Beaverhead County, Montana, about 20 miles south of the county seat of Dillon.
The reservoir has a capacity of 1.2 million m³ and covers an area of 32 hectares.
It was established in 1981 and has an output capacity of 747 megawatts.
The 480 MW A Station was completed in 1967, and construction of the 800 MW B Station was completed in 1976.
The rock-fill dam was built by the Turkish State Hydraulic Works on the Riva Creek to provide tap water for the city.
Hawi Wind Farm is a wind farm on Upolu Point, the northern tip of Hawaii's largest island, Hawai'i.
It contributes about 13% of the Danube's total runoff.
The table below lists some of the larger ones.
The Kiev Reservoir serves as the lower reservoir and the upper reservoir is located 70 m above the lower.
The reservoir has suffered from heavy sedimentation, and by 1948 was left with just 7,800 acre feet – 53.8% of the original capacity.
There is limited recreation available at the reservoir.
Ghana sought additional electricity supplies from the barge to alleviate electricity shortages resulting from reduced water levels at the Akosombo Dam hydroelectric project.
The system is owned and operated by Nova Scotia Power.
The pilot plant is being used to develop hydrogen technologies for larger hydrogen power plants.
The aggregate for the concrete was derived from volcanic rock in nearby areas.
It was the biggest power station in the Jaffna region, at that time.
Power is generated by two D-11 steam turbines powered by two 7EA combustion turbines and 7FA+e combustion turbines.
Bituminous coal is used as a primary fuel type, which can be substituted for natural gas.
The one from Batak allows accessibility to some of the other Rhodope dams along its length.
The Três Irmãos Dam is an embankment dam with gravity sections on the Tietê River in Pereira Barreto of São Paulo state in Brazil.
It consists of two PWRs of 1049 and 1044 MWe.
The tallest dam in Japan is the 186 m high Kurobe Dam.
The dam was established in 1990 and serves mainly for irrigation purposes.
The main purpose of the dam is to produce hydroelectric power.
The project was approved by the Chilean government in 2013 and is currently under construction by Abengoa Solar Chile, a branch of the multinational Abengoa Spain.
Construction on the project began in June 2010.
The construction aroused an unusual wave of protest in 1958.
Impounding the 40,000-acre Lake Martin, the dam was built in the 1920s to provide flood control, hydroelectric power generation and water supply.
The development was backed by the Turkish State Hydraulic Works.
a coal mine, called Suvodol coal mine, and
This is the first time that geothermal steam of such high temperature has been used for electrical generation.
It operates in conjunction with the Kaunas Hydroelectric Power Plant.
The project, developed by Meridian Energy was expected to cost $300 million.
Pleasant Prairie Power Plant is a base load, coal fired, electrical power station located in Pleasant Prairie, Wisconsin in Kenosha County.
This reservoir can also feed by gravity nearby 72 tmcft gross storage capacity Kandaleru reservoir.
It is operated by the Korea Water Resources Corporation.
If it becomes operational, the Kemper Project would be a first-of-its-kind electricity plant to employ gasification and carbon capture technologies at this scale.
Sisimiut Hydro Power Plant is a hydroelectric power plant near Sisimiut, Greenland.
The chimney of the other unit is 180.7 metres tall.
These include a receiver with higher efficiency, various improvements in the control and operational systems, and a better thermal energy storage system.
In 2004, the facility was listed in the National Register of Historic Places as Lock and Dam No.
The 32 MW AC Long Island Solar Farm, located in Upton, New York, is the largest photovoltaic array in the eastern U.S.
Büyükçekmece Dam is a dam in Turkey.
The plant featured eight 10.4 MW units operating at roughly 13,500 hp per unit.
The dam is operated by the Grand River Dam Authority and creates Grand Lake o' the Cherokees.
It did not suffer a serious accident during the tsunami and did shut down controlled.
Water from the dam supplies the Bakolori Irrigation Project.
Power House is in commercial operation since November 2010.
Carraízo Dam impounds Loíza Lake which serves as Puerto Rico's main water reservoir.
The plant also shut down on October 17, 2012, for steam-generator replacement.
It was constructed on the site of a former copper mine, and at over 100 hectares is one of the largest projects in the region.
It is 147 m long and 19 m high.
Nzhelele Dam is an arch type dam located on the Nzhelele River in Limpopo Province, South Africa.
The three turbine & generators Toshiba Make were commissioned in March, April and May 2002.
The development was backed by the Turkish State Hydraulic Works.
It is the first private sector hydro project to be built in Colombia under a new government policy.
It is an arch dam in design, 185 m in height, built to generate hydroelectric power.
Some of the dams are listed below by prefecture.
The project was to supply drinking water needs of roughly 500 thousand people and will irrigate approximately 64,000 acres of drought prone fields.
The United States Bureau of Reclamation owns and operates the dam, which was completed in 1951.
The construction cost amounted to CYP £29,000,000.
The Coloane B Power Station is a combined cycle gas-fired power station in Coloane, Macau, China.
The facilities are run by Electric Power Development Company.
It was built next to the existing, now decommissioned power station.
The power plant has installed capacity of 8.4 MW.
Monju is a sodium cooled, MOX-fueled, loop-type reactor with three primary coolant loops, designed to produce 280 MWe from 714 MWt.
Çamgazi Dam is a dam in Turkey.
There is one lock chamber on the left descending bank of the river at the dam.
Approximately 95 employees will be laid off.
The Fierza Hydroelectric Power Station is a large hydroelectric power station on the Drin River, in Albania.
It flows through Bangkok and then into the Gulf of Thailand.
According to the International Commission on Large Dams, total dams and reservoirs in Pakistan over the height of 15 m are 150.
At the first stage, four double-boiler single-turbine units, each of 300 MW capacity, were commissioned in December 1969–September 1971.
Power is being sold to Tucson Electric Power in a 20-year power purchase agreement.
Demolition work was completed in 2016, while the new plant was being built around it.
Çayboğazı Dam is a dam in Turkey.
Tokuyama also creates Japan's largest reservoir with a water volume of 660,000,000 m3.
The De Hoop Dam on the Steelpoort River will be in operation from late 2014.
The Punta Negra Dam is a concrete-face rock-fill dam on the San Juan River about 28 kilometres west of San Juan in San Juan Province, Argentina.
During the concrete removal in creating the opening workers discovered a large gap in the concrete of the containment building wall.
The reservoir is operated by the Korea Water Resources Corporation for flood control, hydro-power generation and water supply.
With its opening in 1891, this pioneer work of hydraulic engineering was a milestone in the economic development of the city of Remscheid.
Ringhals is a Swedish nuclear power plant with 4 reactors, one boiling water reactor and three pressurized water reactors.
The plant was a boiling water reactor, designed by General Electric.
It is the largest project using wind power in Rhode Island.
It is owned and operated by the Bangladesh Power Development Board.
The farm takes its name from the ancient Kingdom of Oriel.
Its 325 ft tall twin chimneys were prominent landmarks and it was in fact the tallest building in Dorset until its partial demolition in 1993.
Renge-in Tanjō-ji is a Buddhist temple of the Shingon Risshu, or Shingon-Vinaya Buddhism, in Tamana, Kumamoto Prefecture.
The dam was constructed by the colonial government in 1957 for irrigation, domestic water supply, and water for livestock.
Woodstock is home to a campus of Fanshawe College.
Latter towers are the tallest electricity pylons in Denmark.
The Dubăsari Dam creates the Dubăsari reservoir.
Florida Power & Light acquired the farm in June, 2002.
The flooded area is now Bayano Lake.
A construction licence was issued on 22 July 2009.
Lake Easton is a lake and reservoir along the course of the Kachess River in the U.S. state of Washington.
The power station uses supercritical steam technology, which produces lower greenhouse gases emissions per energy unit delivered, and air-cooled surface condensers, which reduces water consumption.
Stage 2 of the project involved the construction of a further 20 MW of solar panels.
The project was developed by a joint venture formed by AGL Energy and Meridian Energy, a New Zealand-based power generating company, with works starting in 2010.
The power plant's dam is 60 m tall and it creates a 70,000,000 m3 reservoir of which 8,000,000 m3 is active for power generation.
Preliminary investigations for development at Ambuklao and Binga Dam sites were undertaken as early as January 1948.
The dam was primarily built as part of the Northern Cyprus Water Supply Project, to supply water for drinking and irrigation to Northern Cyprus.
Kawanishi is a city in Hyōgo Prefecture in the northwestern part of the Kansai region of Japan, about 5 km north of Osaka Itami Airport.
Power is then distributed throughout camp on the existing and upgraded electrical system.
As part of the sale, We Energies agreed to repurchase all of the power produced by the plant for at least 20 years.
Its purpose is to provide flood control and water for municipal use along with the irrigation of 70 ha of land.
Chikuhoku is a village located in Higashichikuma District in central Nagano Prefecture, in the Chūbu region of Japan.
Pethwadaj Dam, is an earthfill dam on local river near Kandhar, Nanded district in the state of Maharashtra in India.
The road is 5.5 km long and you have to return the way you entered, making the total drive 11 km.
The dam partitions Elderberry Forebay from Castaic Lake reservoir.
It supplies a 75 MW power station with water.
This strategy will save time and money over conventional embankment building methods.
The Winsor Dam is part of the Chicopee River Watershed.
The first offshore service vessel with inverted bow and X-Stern was launched by Ulstein Group in April 2016 to service Gemini, housing 40 workers.
The wind farm was constructed and is operated by Polat Energy, a joint venture company shared by Polat Holding, which is owned by the Galatasaray S.K.
Rudolf Schulten is commonly recognized as the intellectual father of the reactor.
The dam was designed in 1987 and completed in 1989, and was built to support irrigation and water supply.
The E. W. Brown Generating Station is a coal-fired power plant owned and operated by Kentucky Utilities near Harrodsburg, Kentucky.
The power station is operated by E.ON.
In April 2010, resource consents to dam the Mokihinui River were granted to Meridian.
Borna Dam, is an earthfill dam on Borna river near Ambejogai, Beed district in state of Maharashtra in India.
The spillway is controlled by twenty 30 ft x 16 ft gates and has a total discharge capacity of 134,000 cubic feet per second.
Offering more than 200 degree, diploma, certificate, graduate certificate and apprenticeship programs, Fanshawe has approximately 43,000 full-time, part-time and online students each year.
The dam is situated in the Loskop Dam Nature Reserve and it serves mainly for irrigation purposes.
The dam was constructed in 1965 mainly for irrigation and flood control.
The drainage area of Sly Park Creek behind the dam is 47 square miles.
Some of the dams are listed below by prefecture.
Phase D - Final SER by 8/2012
Early construction restarted on the project in November 2013 and it once again received environmental clearance from the Ministry of Environment and Forests in February 2014.
The present-day village was established in 1928, during the construction of Wyangala Dam.
Its original electrical output was 912 megawatts, which was upgraded to 1,020 megawatts in a retrofit project that was completed in 2006.
Click on the arrows next to the column headings to sort alphabetically, based on population, District, or control status.
If convicted she can spend up to 25 years in jail.
The Nazarovo power station uses lignite mined as close as five km away in a coal pit with the same name.
The development was backed by the Turkish State Hydraulic Works.
The difference in elevation between the dam and the power station affords the project a hydraulic head of 860 m.
SunPower designed and built the solar power plant and will provide ongoing operations and maintenance services for the new owners.
The developer and operator of the wind farm is Storrun Vindkraft AB, a joint venture of DONG Energy and Borevind AB.
The power plant is one of the coal-based power plants owned by Haryana Power Generation Corporation Limited.
A disadvantage of gravity dams is that due to their large footprint, they are susceptible to uplift pressures which act as a de-stabilising force.
The plant was shut down at 12:12 pm EST on December 29, 2014.
Remarkably, the reservoir has suffered very little silting since.
After passing through the powerhouse, the water is returned to the Indus.
Early in 2009, Statoil delivered a master plan for full scale CO2 capture at Mongstad.
The development was backed by the Turkish State Hydraulic Works.
The dam's power station contains 4 x 175 MW Francis turbine-generators which are afford a maximum hydraulic head of 103 m given the dam's height.
Étang de Soulcem is a large artificial lake in the Pyrenees mountains in Ariège, France.
Sual port is located close to Sual power plant, and caters mainly to the thermal power plant.
The station is one of the most modern incinerators operating in England; it is noted for its innovative operation.
The Oder Dam is a dam in the Harz mountains of Germany.
Every day, the station’s equipment undergoes hundreds of checks and tests to make sure it’s operating efficiently.
The reservoir created by the dam, Lake Corbara, supplies water to the expansive Terni Hydroelectric Complex.
The area around the project is used primarily for private farming, including dryland wheat farming and cattle grazing.
This will entail a second dam and plant.
The Generators used are cylindrical rotor type, that were manufactured in India by BHEL.
The dam lies in Peneda-Gerês National Park close to the border with Spain.
The dam has a thick arch design, and is 285 feet high and 550 feet long.
The whole site therefore has 85 turbines and a nameplate capacity of 200.5 MW.
The plant to be built by Atomstroyexport, a subsidiary of Rosatom.
It was constructed between 1949 and 1953 by the United States Army Corps of Engineers.
There are 2 hydroelectric power stations in Mettur Dam, the first constructed during British rule and the second during the Indian Republic.
It was purchased by the Urban Drainage and Flood Control District in 1973 who carried out improvements on it until 1975.
LCRA begins to open floods gates when water reaches 681 feet above MSL.
The development was backed by the Turkish State Hydraulic Works.
The expected annual production of electricity is around 65 gigawatt hours.
Its average depth is 8.3 m. The design hydroelectric power output is 460 MW, the average energy production is 1,687 GWh per year.
The construction of the dam started in August 1994 and it was complete in 2000.
Montana Power Company acquired the dam when it was founded in 1912, PPL Corporation purchased it in 1997 and sold it to NorthWestern Corporation in 2014.
The development was backed by the Turkish State Hydraulic Works.
The lake is a man-made reservoir and formed by the Miyagase Dam, and is a source of drinking water for Yokohama and Tokyo.
It is 127 metres high and has a reservoir capacity of 5.9 billion cubic meters.
During its lifetime, it produced 130,000 GW hours of electricity, about double the electricity production of Austria.
It was the world’s first pumped-storage facility to use seawater for storing energy.
It has about 872,300 thin-film PV panels made by First Solar, and incorporates a 2 MW pilot plant using 11,100 solar trackers.
GRES-2, built in 1987, has installed capacity of 1,000 MWe and has the world's tallest flue gas stack at 419.7 metres high.
The dam lies on the Ponuenbetsu River and forms Lake Kuriyama.
The river is a major tributary of the Tonlé Sap.
The Malpaso Dam, officially known as the Nezahualcóyotl Dam, is located in the Centro region of Chiapas, Mexico near the border with Tabasco and Veracruz.
Constructed between 1970 and 1974, the dam replaced the earlier Strawberry Dam, built slightly upstream of the current site from 1911–1913.
It creates Lake Mantasoa which has a surface area of 20 km2.
The primary purpose of the dam is hydroelectric power production and it is part of the Chivor Hydroelectric Project.
In 1997, a 480 kW hydroelectric generator began operation at the dam.
The amount of water released into the Illinois often is a sore point among lake and river interests.
The Krichim Hydro Power Plant is an active hydro power project in Krichim, Bulgaria.
Construction began in 2008 and the dam and power plant were completed in December 2012.
Construction on the dam began in 2005 and the first generator went online in July 2012.
It is owned by VKG Soojus, a subsidiary of Viru Keemia Grupp.
They were installed after the 1970s energy crisis in response to favorable tax policies for investors.
Built in 1982/1983, work on the dam was abandoned by subsequent military governments.
Originally called Marshall Ford Dam, the name was changed in 1941 in honor of United States Representative J.J. Mansfield.
Lake Darling Dam is an earthen embankment dam on the Souris River located 20 mi northwest of Minot, in Ward County, North Dakota.
The reservoir has a total area of 783 square kilometres, while its maximum dimensions are 140 by 9 kilometres.
Kayrakkum Reservoir has a total storage capacity of 4,200,000,000 m3 and surface of 513 km2.
At the time of its completion, it was the largest earthen dam in North America east of the Mississippi.
The project will provide around 1440 GWh of electricity per year, equivalent to 180,000 homes.
It is the second largest reservoir by volume in the country.
It was put into service in 1941 by the United States Army Corps of Engineers.
Braidwood Generating Station is located in Will County in northeastern Illinois, USA.
The dam's power plant contains 5 x 180 MW, 3 x 310 MW Francis turbine-generators.
The plant supplies power to Indian states of Odisha, Andhra Pradesh, Karnataka, Telangana as well as Bihar and West Bengal.
Construction on the dam began in 2008 and it was completed in 2015.
When it began operation in 1991, it was the largest gas-fired steam recovery power plant in the world.
The Kandadji Dam, when completed, will be a large multipurpose dam on the Niger River.
In a statement the Minister for Energy Mark McArdle described the reason for the scrapping as 'saving the taxpayer's money'.
The plant is across M-29 from the newer Belle River Power Plant in East China, Michigan.
Some of the dams are listed below by prefecture.
It has two chimneys, each with a height of 150 metres.
Studies on the dam and power plant began in 1951 which recommended the dam along with the Ilha Solteira Dam.
Glomfjord power plant is a 6×20 MW hydroelectric power plant in Glomfjord in the municipality of Meløy in Nordland county, Norway.
The water freezes over during the winter months, affecting supply.
It is currently owned and operated by Milner Dam, Inc.
This was the first time when the oil shale pulverized-firing combustion technology was implemented for power generation.
The Horse Hollow Wind project was constructed in three phases by Blattner Energy.
The dam is 124 ft high from foundation to crest and spans 576 ft across the canyon, forming a reservoir with a capacity of 3,700 acre·ft.
Two units at the Taishan Nuclear Power Plant are under construction in Chixizhen, Taishan, Guangdong province, China.
It generated 620 megawatts of electricity at full power.
The Otter Rapids Generating Station was the last of four generating stations completed on the Abitibi River in the James Bay watershed.
Łagisza Power Station is a coal-fired thermal power station at Łagisza in Będzin, Poland.
Kariega River is a river located in the Eastern Cape province South Africa.
Velilla Power Plant has two generating units with a capacity of 148 MW and 350 MW.
The dam has an associated 43 MW hydroelectric power station which was commissioned in 1956.
In September 2008 the plant was put into operation on a trial basis.
The plant ceased power generation and went offline June 1st, 2017 @00:00 EDT  .
The Wemmershoek Dam on the Wemmershoek River was established in 1957.
It was constructed by Yüksel İnşaat A.Ş.
The HVDC Intermountain transmission line runs between Intermountain Power Plant and Adelanto Converter Station in Adelanto, California.
The dam was established in 1933 and serves mainly for irrigation purposes.
Expected to operate at 28% capacity and deliver 13.2 GWh per year, it has only been delivering 8 GWh per year at 19% capacity.
Vestas is the largest wind turbine manufacturer in the world, based in Denmark.
Although this dam was erected about 100 yards east of the San Andreas fault line and was subject to severe shaking it survived relatively undamaged.
It is located in the city of Bergkamen, in the Unna district.
This page shows the state-wise list of dams and reservoirs in India.
When built, the site was said to be the largest "brightfield" in the U.S., although other developments since then are larger.
These locations were among those identified under the Philippine Wind Atlas as potential sites for wind farms due to good to excellent wind resources.
Downstream of the barrage is near the border with India.
Tokuyama also creates Japan's largest reservoir with a water volume of 660,000,000 m3.
Sequoyah units 1 & 2, as well as their sister plant at Watts Bar, both have ice condenser containment systems.
During World War II construction was suspended and it recommenced in May 1946.
Construction started in 2011 and the first unit was commissioned in January 2014 and the second unit was commissioned in July 2014.
The primary purpose of the dam is hydroelectric power production and irrigation.
The power plant is one of the gas based power plants of NTPC.
The first generator had a capacity of 12 MW.
In 1965, the plant was switched to fuel oil.
The dam area is a very popular regional tourist destination.
The wind farm was completed on 20 April 2010.
The reservoir flooded many buildings and farms of Barkhamsted, including the village of Barkhamsted Hollow.
A hollow-core concrete gravity dam, it has a hydroelectric power generating station owned by the Chubu Electric Power Company.
The Hebgen Dam is a concrete-core earthen embankment dam on the Madison River in the U.S. state of Montana.
It was constructed between 1961 and 1963.
It is on the west bank of Muskingum River, about 4 miles northwest of the town of Beverly in the U.S. state of Ohio.
The first turbine came into production in 2013 and the other three turbines in 2014.
Planning of the first plant began in 1959, the project was approved in 1960, and construction began in 1961.
It has the largest storage capacity in Shikoku.
Unit 8 features four 170 MW gas turbines, one 470 MW steam turbine, and a single condenser and cooling tower .
It can be overtopped along almost its entire length.
It was constructed between June 2004 and December 2011 and has a 1,200 megawatts installed capacity.
It is located in the municipality Ponte da Barca, in Viana do Castelo District, Portugal.
The Bull Run Hydroelectric Project was a Portland General Electric development in the Sandy River basin in the U.S. state of Oregon.
It was planned to have up to 65 wind turbines with a capacity of up to 177 MW.
The power plant is operated by the Damodar Valley Corporation.
Poplar River Power Station is a coal fired station owned by SaskPower, located near Coronach, Saskatchewan, Canada, approximately 5 miles from the Canada–US border.
It can withhold up to 17,350,000 m3 of water.
Approximately 1,100 people work at the site.
At normal pool elevation the length is 95 miles upstream encompassing an area of 21,700 acres.
Mansfield Dam is 278 feet high, 7,089 feet long, and 213 feet thick at the base.
The tallest dam in Japan is the 186 m high Kurobe Dam.
The powerhouse contains six generators, bringing Hauser dam's generating capacity to 17 MW.
The Perovo Solar Park is a 100 MWp photovoltaic power station located at Perovo in Crimea.
Due to falling electricity prices resulting from the falling price of natural gas, the plant ceased operation May 7, 2013.
It impounds the Conejos River, a tributary of the Rio Grande, for irrigation water storage as part of the larger San Luis Valley Project.
It was capable of generating 760 MW peak load, and when commissioned could produce up to one third of Scotland's total electricity needs.
The plant halted energy production in 1997.
The project was approved for construction in 2008 and will cost over €1 billion to construct once fully operational.
Since seepage does occur at the dam, a system of wells was installed to monitor groundwater and a seepage return dam was constructed downstream.
A second station, Wakefield B power station, was brought into operation in the late-1940s and was decommissioned in 1991.
Gökpınar Dam is a dam in Turkey.
The caves and holes have been preserved and are open to visitors.
This unit has capacity of 860 MW of electricity with an efficiency of 58%.
The $210-million project is in Eagle, New York in Wyoming County, and consists of 67 General Electric 1.5 megawatt turbines.
It is operated by Lietuvos Elektrinė, a subsidiary of Lietuvos Energija.
The first wind turbines were placed on the Altamont by Fayette Manufacturing Corporation on land owned by cattle rancher Joe Jess.
About 3.4 km to the south west the penstock meets Centro América Plant where it turns two 25 MW Francis turbines.
It was a National Historic Mechanical Engineering Landmark.
The dam is situated along the State Highway 15 about 15 km from Gobichettipalayam towards Sathyamangalam.
The power station was commissioned in 2008 and has a 304 MW capacity.
Darawat Dam is concrete gravity dam across Nai Baran River near Village of Jhangri in Jamshoro district of Sindh, Pakistan.
The power plant uses the pumped-storage hydroelectric method to generate electricity and serves as a peaking power plant.
It will be covered dagadarthi mandal, sangham mandal, jaladanki mandal and kavali mandal.
Soon after that the project was frozen due to contradictions between the shareholders.
It includes Patel Engineering, Bharat Heavy Electricals and Turkey's Limak Holding.
The dam impounds a reservoir with a surface area of 4,000 acres and its power plant has an installed capacity of 31.5 MW.
Shallow bays containing dense beds of wild rice are found on south, west, and northwest sides of the lake.
The gas reserves are extracted from the Berwyndale South Gasfield.
The project began construction in 2016 and is expected to be online by 2018.
Construction of project started in 2012, and was completed on 30 August 2014 at a cost of PKR 191.60 Million.
Lower Pus Dam, is an earthfill dam on Pus river near Mahagaon, Yavatmal district in state of Maharashtra in India.
It is operated by the State Grid Corporation of China.
The main purpose of the dam is river regulation and hydroelectric power generation.
The dam is named after king Talal of Jordan.
The dam is located about 32 km north of the provincial capital, Muş.
The dam creates the largest reservoir by volume in Brazil.
In 2003 and 2004, two 47.3 MW simple cycle natural gas fueled combustion turbine plants were commissioned.
The municipality was formed in 1972 by the merger of the municipalities of Fígols d'Organyà and Alinyà: the ajuntament is in Fígols.
The population of Milford was 3,070 at the 2010 census.
After electricity is produced, the water is returned to Lake Jocassee.
The China Institute of Atomic Energy is the organizer of the project's construction.
The dam system contains an earth dam, intake, spillway, one main canal and administration buildings.
Only 3,529 households out of 27,396 total households in the province can access to electricity- a percentage access of 12.8%.
The Dantiwada Dam is a mud and masonry dam on the West Banas River near Dantiwada, Banaskantha district of northern Gujarat in India.
In South African English, a dam refers to both the wall as well as the reservoir or lake that builds up as a consequence.
The 10 megawatt El Dorado Solar Power Plant is a photovoltaic facility located in Boulder City, Nevada, completed in 2008.
It is being implemented by Korea Water Resources Corporation.
The power station has 5 power generation units and 2 boilers without electricity generation.
The development was backed by the Turkish State Hydraulic Works.
By 2012 the completion date had moved to September 2015.
The lock chamber is 280 metres long and 34 metres wide, with a minimum draft of 5 metres at the sill.
Sanjay Gandhi Thermal Power Plant is located at Birsinghpur railway station on Bilaspur-Katni section of SE Railway.
In 2009, the America’s Power Factuality Tour stopped at the Pleasant Prairie Power Plant to report on its role in generating electricity in the United States.
The California State Water Resources Control Board denied water rights for the dam project in 2008 due to lack of construction progress.
The Shingwedzi River flows close to the northeastern side of the reservoir and joins the Rio dos Elefantes about 12 kilometres downstream from the dam wall.
The total project cost was approximately £26 million.
Never completed, the dam was under construction for 10–12 years before being destroyed by a flood.
The dam is approximately 4 miles east of the city of Brea and approximately 12 miles north of the city of Santa Ana.
The dam is equipped with canal headworks, located on its left bank, which divert water into a canal.
The Osagyefo Barge is a 125 MW barge-mounted gas turbine electric power generating station located at Effasu in the Western Region of Ghana.
Overall, they operated from 1921 until 1983, and the C station, the last on the site, was demolished in 1987.
Construction on the dam began in May 2008 and its generators were commissioned in 2012.
The Shiyazi Dam is a concrete gravity dam on the Hongjiadu River, a tributary of the Wu River, in Wuchuan County, Guizhou Province, China.
The Hongkou Dam is a concrete gravity dam on the Huotong River located 32 km northwest of Ningde in Fujian Province, China.
Wind generation provides around 35% of the annual generation.
In July 2015 machines arrived in Santa Cruz for the construction of the dams.
The dam was commissioned in 1971 to serve as a hydropower facility as well as to supply irrigation water.
Phase 2 and Phase 3 were both completed in December 2016.
Completed in December 2005 by the Iranian company Sunir with US$3.2 million funding from Iran, it is owned by the High-Voltage Electric Networks of Armenia.
It is part of the South Ukrainian Energy Complex.
The tallest dam in Japan is the 186 m high Kurobe Dam.
It operates at an installed capacity of 430 MW, with an average annual production of 2,140 GWh.
A 37.4 MW hydroelectric power plant is located on the left descending bank of the Ohio River at New Martinsville, West Virginia, abutted to the dam.
The process is repeated as necessary and the plant serves as a peaking power plant.
Salto is the capital city of the Salto Department in northwestern Uruguay.
In addition to power generation, the project provides irrigation water for agriculture, and municipal water supply.
Melting about 70,000,000 pounds of salt takes two months.
The Guru Nanak Dev Thermal Plant at Bathinda is one of the three thermal power stations in Punjab.
The Koudiat Acerdoune Dam is a gravity dam located 9.5 km southwest of Kadiria on the Isser River in Bouïra Province, Algeria.
The power station is located in the western part of France at Cordemais in the department of Loire-Atlantique, Pays de la Loire.
Construction began on 26 July 2011 and is expected to be complete in 2017.
The reactors would be supplied by Atomstroyexport and the plant would be located in the Astravets district, Hrodna voblast.
The power station contains four reversible turbines for an installed capacity of 800 MW.
Construction began in 1959 to coincide with the Hunterston A nuclear power station in Ayrshire.
Outardes-2 is a hydroelectric power station and dam on the Outardes River 15 km southwest of Baie-Comeau, Quebec, Canada.
The downstream face of the dam was vertical until near its abutment where it slightly curves out.
The cost of the wind farm totalled to €200 million.
Combustion Engineering supplied the boilers and GE supplied the turbines and generators.
The tallest dam in Japan is the 186 m high Kurobe Dam.
The power plant is one of the gas based power plants of NTPC.
It was located 5 km offshore near Póvoa de Varzim north of Porto in Portugal.
A thermal generating station, Trenton was opened on the bank of the East River of Trenton by then-provincial Crown corporation Nova Scotia Power Corporation in 1969.
Satpula is a usage in Urdu and Hindi languages, which literally means "seven bridges".
The development was backed by the Turkish State Hydraulic Works.
The development was backed by the Turkish State Hydraulic Works.
Units 1 and 2 operated under a 100% power purchase agreement with Alberta, known as 'Sundance A'.
6 fuel oil, ULSD or natural gas.
The dam has drawn international controversy, because it will flood portions of ancient Hasankeyf and necessitate the relocation of people living in the region.
Three dual fuel units were commissioned in 1995; two additional units were subsequently commissioned in 1998
Codrington Wind Farm is a wind farm near Yambuk on the coast of south-western Victoria, Australia.
The water is sent back into the reservoir, flows over the dam that holds the reservoir back, and continues down the rest of the Schoharie Creek.
Construction of the dam began in February 2001 and it was completed in March 2005.
Remarkably, the reservoir has suffered very little silting since.
Each of these reactors has a capacity of 700 MW.
Immediately downstream of the dam a 185 megawatt hydroelectric powerhouse, the Arrow Lakes Generating Station, was begun in 1999 and completed in 2002.
Gayt Dam is a dam in the eastern part of Turkey.
Pakadiguddam Dam, is an earthfill dam on Deogad river near Chandrapur in the state of Maharashtra in India.
The plant is currently shut down and in the process of being dismantled.
The wave farm was shut down two months after the official opening in November 2008.
Several 138 kV lines going out of the plant supply electricity to the surrounding area.
Once fully operational, the plant will produce 286,000 cubic metres per day of desalinated water.
Construction was set to begin in 2014 and continue on until at least 2017.
Some of the dams are listed below by prefecture.
It was owned and operated by Hong Kong Electric.
Innogy Nordsee 1-2-3 is a proposal for a large wind farm complex off Germany's coast.
Kentucky Dam is a hydroelectric dam on the Tennessee River on the county line between Livingston and Marshall counties in the U.S. state of Kentucky.
The power station's three generators were commissioned between 2002 and 2004, the power plant were inaugurated in February 2005.
It is the tallest dam in Romania.
Studies were carried out in 2008 and construction began in December 2010.
A portion of the Kevin Costner film The Postman was filmed on the front of the dam.
Later the same year Elean was affected by an arson attack on stacks of straw that were destined to be used at the plant.
Construction started in January 2008 and the wind farm was supplying electricity to the grid by early 2009.
The main source of water comes from the Agno River which originates from Mt.
The Yangbajain Geothermal Field is a geothermal field near the town of Yangbajain in Damxung County, Tibet, China.
The main spillway is controlled by two radial gates and has a maximum discharge capacity of 5,763 m3/s.
Upper Pus Dam, also called Pus Dam is an earthfill dam on Pus river near Pusad, Yavatmal district in the state of Maharashtra in India.
The Monticello Steam Electric Station is a three unit coal-fired power plant located in Titus County, Texas.
Some of the dams are listed below by prefecture.
During periods of low demand, such as night time, the pump-generators push water from the lower reservoir to the upper for use during peak hours.
The development was backed by the Turkish State Hydraulic Works.
As of 2003, the town had an estimated population of 3,310 and a density of 23.41 persons per km2.
The dam is 25 m high and has a gross reservoir capacity of 1,938,000 m3.
From Ennore Port the coal is transported again through rail to Ennore Thermal Power Station and Mettur Thermal Power Station.
Permission was granted for construction in 2009 and the plant came into operation in 2010.
During periods of low energy demand, such as at night, water is pumped from Tongbai Lower Reservoir up to the upper reservoir.
Laing Dam is a gravity type dam located on the Buffalo River, near East London, Eastern Cape, South Africa.
The school obtained fifth place among all schools in Kedah in the recent Sijil Pelajaran Malaysia 2013 with 21 students obtaining straight A's.
Lake Aviemore or Mahi Tikumu is a man-made lake in New Zealand's South Island, part of the Waitaki hydroelectric scheme.
Indira Gandhi Super Thermal Power Project is located between Khanpur Khurd and Jharli village in Jhajjar district of Haryana.
The Petit-Saut Dam is a gravity dam on the Sinnamary River about 36 km south of Sinnamary in French Guiana.
The last unit of them, Unit 7, was put into service on November 29, 2012.
Superphénix or SPX was a nuclear power station prototype on the Rhône river at Creys-Malville in France, close to the border with Switzerland.
In addition, the Chemnitz–Aue–Adorf railway between Wolfsgrün and Schönheide Ost was interrupted.
The dam's reservoir is called in French the Lac du Peirou and is accessible via the Chemin du Barrage.
Emergency black start capacity is provided from 2 Caterpillar 3516 diesel generators.
The new power station was designed by Metso and its boiler was manufactured by Kværner.
Tokuyama also creates Japan's largest reservoir with a water volume of 660,000,000 m3.
An arch dam is a concrete dam that is curved upstream in plan.
The following is a list of reservoirs and dams, arranged by continent and country.
Today the scheme is owned and run by Scottish and Southern Energy.
The plant has completed a $500 million flue-gas desulfurization project which came online during the beginning of 2008.
The dam serves several purposes to include hydroelectric power production, irrigation tourism and fisheries.
The tallest dam in Japan is the 186 m high Kurobe Dam.
The lake contains various fish including brown trout, Arctic char, brook trout, and common minnow.
Construction started in 2015 with final commissioning in 2017.
The final cost was nearly $3.9B, which includes the cost of safety upgrades mandated after the Three Mile Island accident.
The construction permit for the plant was granted in 1976, and construction on Unit 1 was completed in 1986.
This project doesn't have any assured water allocation and the Rayalaseema region people strongly demanding the Government to allocate assured water to the project.
It has the plant code 56917 with the Department of Energy.
In addition it is a bathing lake and also supports fish farming.
Torres was Comisión Federal de Electricidad's Director General in the later 1950s.
The second core was similarly designed but more powerful, having a larger seed.
While the cascade development started in 1958, construction of the Kamak power plant started on 29 April 2004 and was completed in 2011.
Construction began in 2005 and the first generator was commissioned on 20 November 2014.
The drop in elevation between the upper and lower reservoir affords a hydraulic head of 305 m.
Reservoirs created by dams not only suppress floods but also provide water for activities such as irrigation, human consumption, industrial use, aquaculture, and navigability.
It is located in Dhamtari district,about 15 km from dhamtari and about 90 km from Raipur.
The construction contract for the dam was awarded in 2009.
As of Dec 2013 both units had returned to production.
The dam is a concrete gravity structure 312 feet high and 1,200 feet long, and is capable of producing 91 MW.
The dam is 883 feet long and 94 feet high, and generates 48 megawatts of power.
The wind farm was developed by EDF Energy Ltd., and is operated by Teesside Windfarm Ltd.; the owner is EDF Energy Renewables.
Originally, it was named the Bolahor Dam.
It has a catchment area of about 46.60 km².
The wind farm went into service in 2010 .
The tallest dam in Japan is the 186 m high Kurobe Dam.
Ñawinqucha lies southeast of Yuraqqucha and northeast of Aqchiqucha.
In 1934, the towns of Medewitzsch, Lippendorf and Spahnsdorf combined to form the new town of Lippendorf.
The total site area amounts to 5.12 km2 with 4.80 km2, or 94% of it, being green area that the company is working to preserve.
It is the 6th and the last dam in the Dnieper cascade.
The dam's reservoir will stretch east into Bayburt Province.
Wadi Rajil has a catchment area of 300 km2 reaching 35 km north into Jebel Druze.
Hoover Dam is a major tourist attraction; nearly a million people tour the dam each year.
Its cooling water comes from the Loire River.
AGL also invested an additional $27m in the substation, which is completely owned by the company.
The dam is situated within the Winburndale Nature Reserve, 19 kilometres East of Bathurst, New South Wales.
Japan's grids are also connected by two other stations, located at Higashi-Shimizu and Shin Shinano.
According to the Czech environment ministry that modernization plan does not include best available technology.
Construction on the Gölgeliyamaç Dam immediately upstream began in 2008 as well but was cancelled due to poor geology.
Some of the dams are listed below by prefecture.
The Barre Falls reservoir is located within the Upper Ware River Watershed and is part of the Chicopee River Watershed.
It was decommissioned in the mid 1980s.
6 Dam or Pit 6 Dam is a hydroelectric dam on the Pit River in northern California.
It is a rolled concrete dam with abutments of clay-core rockfill completed in 2004, after six years of construction.
The Shawnee Fossil Plant is a coal-fired power plant owned and operated by the Tennessee Valley Authority, located near Paducah, Kentucky.
Nooitgedacht Dam is an earth-fill type dam located on the Komati River in South Africa.
An arch dam is most suitable for narrow gorges or canyons with steep walls of stable rock to support the structure and stresses.
The plant is located about 45 kilometres from the border with Vietnam.
It was completed in 1963 and serves mainly for irrigation purposes, domestic water supply and industrial demands.
Blackhawk Generating Station is a natural gas fired, electrical power station located in Beloit, Wisconsin in Rock County.
The tallest dam in Japan is the 186 m high Kurobe Dam.
It supports a 780 MW hydroelectric power station in Moolamattom, which started generating power on 4 October 1975.
The tallest dam in Japan is the 186 m high Kurobe Dam.
The dam allowed water to be stored in the impound during the winter for release during lower flow seasons.
The power station was commissioned in 1969 and is supplied by the Outardes-4 Reservoir which is created by seven additional dams.
The power plant became operational in 1988.
The plant was originally designed for four units; however, only two units were built.
The developer, Abengoa, has successfully secured a $1.2 billion loan guarantee from the US government for the project.
The power station has a 1,078 MW capacity and is supplied with water by a rock-fill embankment dam.
"Zikr Jhelum ka, baat ho Dine ki.
It impounds North Shirttail Creek, a tributary of the North Fork American River, and serves as the primary municipal water supply for the Foresthill community.
After the plant's 15-year license expired in 2015, the Ceylon Electricity Board purchased the powership in a controversial deal.
There is also a visitors' center located at the Point Beach plant.
The dam is 2 miles southeast of Cannelton, Indiana.
The dam is currently operated by Hidroeléctrica Ameghino.
The impounded reservoir is called the Splityard Creek Reservoir.
The project is an important scheme that will create jobs for 500 jobless Afghans during its completion process.
Preliminary investigations for development at Ambuklao and Binga Dam sites were undertaken as early as January 1948.
Ngondoma Dam is a dam on the Ngondoma River located 500 meters west of the Empress Mine Township in the Midlands Province of Zimbabwe.
Barvi Dam, is an earthfill dam on Kalyanthane river near Badlapur, Thane district in the state of Maharashtra in India.
The Tisza begins near Rakhiv in Ukraine, at the confluence of the White Tisa and Black Tisa.
A pumping plant constructed a short distance upstream now supplies water to the canal system.
It is the only operational hydroelectric power station in the country.
The Sayreville Energy Center operated by NextEra Energy Resources is nearby.
Below is a list of dams and reservoirs in Japan.
Mengkuang Dam is a dam located less than 28 km to the north-east of Butterworth in Malaysia.
It was formerly located in South Lawndale community of the West Side district, in Chicago, Illinois.
The original installed capacity was 113 MW.
The dam straddles the state border at the narrows the river passes through between the Whipple Mountains of California and the Buckskin Mountains of Arizona.
Outardes-2 was built in conjunction with the Manicouagan-Outardes project and is located at the mouth of the Outardes River by Noye Bay.
The nation's leading institution for dam design is the Beijing-based China Institute of Water Resources and Hydropower Research, somewhat similar to Russia's Hydroproject Institute.
The Karkheh Dam is designed to irrigate 320,000 hectares of land, produce 520 MW of hydro-electricity and prevent downstream floods.
Preliminary construction started in 1990 but official construction on the dam and power station began on 1 March 1993.
Tyrone Station ceased operations during the second quarter of 2011.
The power plant houses three 15 MW Kaplan turbine-generators.
In May 2008, work began on the nearby Nga Awa Purua Power Station.
Roller-Compacted Concrete: Willow Creek Dam, Upper Stillwater Dam
It can hold 35 million cu m of water and has a surface area of 445 ha when full.
At 1,400 feet of elevation, it is also one of the highest major US cities between the western Great Plains and the Appalachian Mountains.
The right bank canal, with a carrying capacity of 42 cusecs is, 19.312 km in length.
These included a 23 km service railway from the Barmera railway line, which was dismantled without ever actually being used.
Mujib Dam is located in Wadi Mujib, between the cities of Madaba and Kerak, in the Madaba Governorate of Jordan.
The wind farms are the first-ever to be constructed in the Northern Province of Sri Lanka.
Construction on the power station began in May 2000 and the first unit was commissioned in December 2005.
A formal case study of the development of the Long Island Solar Farm was published by the U.S. Department of Energy in May 2013.
A study commissioned by EECA assessed this wind resource at 200-300 MW.
Preliminary construction on the dam site began in January 2005 and roller-compacted concrete placement for the dam commenced in October 2010.
The largest dam by structural volume in the country is the Tokuyama Dam with 13,700,000 m3 of rock-fill.
The solar park is expected to supply 1,300 MWh of electricity per year.
The solar park was connected to the grid on 30 June 2012.
In order to reduce dependency on diesel generators, sites were surveyed in 2004 in Baucau District for a hydroelectric power plant.
The plant is owned in part by Entergy Arkansas.
The installed capacity of the power plant is 980 MW.
The Ertan Dam is an arch dam on the Yalong River, a tributary of the Yangtze River in Sichuan Province, southwest China.
The Yinpan Dam is a gravity dam on the Wu River in Wulong County of Chongqing Municipality, China.
The power plant is one of the gas based power plants of Pragati Power Corporation Limited.
The development was backed by the Turkish State Hydraulic Works.
The dam gathers the flow of a 980 square kilometres catchment basin.
This power station was put into service immediately.
The final cost of the dam is estimated at $375 million; 75% is funded by the U.S. Government and 25% by the Government of Puerto Rico.
When completed, the 312 metres tall dam will be the tallest dam in the world.
It is 72.5 km in length and has drainage area of 959 km².
Unit one was a 508 MWe carbon dioxide gas cooled reactor modeled on the UNGG reactor at the Saint Laurent Nuclear Power Plant in France.
Detroit Dam is a gravity dam on the North Santiam River between Linn County and Marion County, Oregon.
The LISF is made up of 164,312 solar panels from BP Solar which provide enough electricity for roughly 4,500 households.
The largest lake in the area is Mulshi lake, some 50 km northwest of Khadakwasla, which has a rather large dam confining it.
The maximum level of the dam is 120 ft and the maximum capacity is 93.47 tmc ft.
Q-Cells also provided the solar modules for the facility which is located in Straßkirchen, Bavaria, Germany.
It is located in the municipality Sertã, in Castelo Branco District, Portugal.
The impounded reservoir, also formed by Crotty Dam, is called Lake Burbury.
It is operated by OPC Rotem, a subsidiary of the Israel Corporation and Veolia Environnement.
Magras at Özlü village in Mut district of Mersin Province in southern Turkey.
It sits on the east bank of the Hudson River, about 36 miles north of Midtown Manhattan.
Tokuyama also creates Japan's largest reservoir with a water volume of 660,000,000 m3.
The dam forms Lake Kaweah for flood control and irrigation water supply.
In 2006, new regulations were passed that limited long-term water storage in the reservoir to 28,800 acre feet, 35% of capacity.
For this reason, among others, the C. J.
The wind turbines were designed and manufactured by a Danish firm, Vestas.
Fermi won the 1938 Nobel Prize in Physics for his work on induced radioactivity.
Rogers Dam is an earth-filled embankment dam on the Muskegon River in Mecosta Township, Michigan, United States.
Collinsville was commissioned in 1968 with four 30 MW steam turbines.
They are cooled by the water of the Loire River.
Sundance Power Station is a coal fired station owned by TransAlta Corp., located 70 km west of Edmonton, Alberta, Canada on Lake Wabamun.
Plans for a bigger main dam further down the valley never came to fruition.
The largest dam by structural volume in the country is the Tokuyama Dam with 13,700,000 m3 of rock-fill.
Substation equipment and interconnect responsibilities are being provided by ABB.
The Virgen Dam was destroyed but later rebuilt.
The plant is located between West Virginia Route 817 and the Kanawha River.
About 107,000 cubic meters of raw water can be provided per day; while the demineralisation plant has a capacity of 5,420 cubic metres per day.
The project was acquired by Starwood Energy, in June, 2010.
The Shin-Takasegawa Pumped Storage Station uses the Takase River to operate a pumped storage hydroelectric scheme about 12 kilometres west of Ōmachi in Nagano Prefecture, Japan.
It will consist of two individual wind farms connected together.
The power plant is the sixth largest in Brazil and has the largest installed capacity of Eletrobrás Furnas' power plants.
These are dams and reservoirs in Germany.
A dam is a barrier that stops or restricts the flow of water or underground streams.
The station was close to the northern end of the 400 kV Thames Crossing of the National Grid.
The 1840 Solar Collector Assemblies are 1,048 square metres each, yielding 1,928,320 square metres of total solar aperture.
The Woodlawn Wind Farm is a wind farm located near Bungendore, New South Wales.
The Authority decided on the use of combined cycle technology for the fourth unit of the plant.
The Beaver Valley plant is operated by FirstEnergy Nuclear Operating Corporation.
The Table Mountain Group hot water springs vary between 35 °C and 45 °C.
The Siadar Wave Power Station was a proposed 4 MW wave farm 400 metres off the shore of Siadar Bay, in Lewis, Scotland.
The plant was named for Edwin I. Hatch, president of Georgia Power from 1963 to 1975, and chairman from 1975 to 1978.
Those include Électricité de France, Areva, Alstom Power Systems, Comex Nucléaire, Jacobs France, Toshiba and Bouygues Construction.
Windhoist were contracted to erect the turbines
Development approval was granted in 2003, and the project was planned to be operational by the end of 2010.
Uganda expects to have generating capacity of at least 1,681 megawatts by the end of 2020.
It operates at an installed capacity of 500 MW, with an average annual production of about 2,100 GWh.
The Okukubi Dam is a trapezoidal cemented, sand and gravel dam on the Okukubi River in Kin, Okinawa Prefecture, Japan.
Asprokremmos dam is the second largest dam in Cyprus.
Wolseong Nuclear Power Plant supplies about 5% of South Korea's electricity.
Beard was a New England engineer who surveyed the area and selected the site for the dam.
The power station operates by shifting water between an upper and lower reservoir to generate electricity.
The dam was proposed in response to major floods in the mid–20th century, and was constructed between 1993 and 2000.
All of the reactors are Mitsubishi designs.
Borş Solar Park, a large thin-film photovoltaic power system, is being built on a 5 ha plot of land near the Borş commune in Romania.
The total electricity generation capacity of the Khan Khwar Project is 72 megawatts.
Unit 4, rated at 574.2 MWe, was launched in 1986.
Completed in 1985, with a length of 373 metres, the dam created a multipurpose reservoir covering 28.3 km2 in the scenic hills of the Western Ghats.
A 21 MW gas turbine, able to be operated on natural gas or diesel fuel, was added in 1972.
Commissioned in January 1993 it consists of nine 0.3MW WindMaster turbines giving a total capacity of 2.7MW.
Livada Solar Park is a large thin-film photovoltaic power system, built on a 135 ha plot of land located between Livada and Drăguşeni in Romania.
The Project is located in Nizamabad district, 3 km away from National Highway 44.
Dominion operates the project in a run-of-river mode whereby flows through the turbines and/or over the spillway crest equal inflow to the project reservoir, as follows.
All turbines are approximately 262 feet high and have three blades.
Kirov Reservoir, is a reservoir of the Talas River, located in Manas District of Talas Province of Kyrgyzstan.
They use steel monopole foundations driven in by a hydraulic hammer and each turbine has a landing platform for boat access.
The dam is located in Changyang Tujia Autonomous County, just a few kilometers to the west from the county seat, Longzhouping Town.
The site was also listed on the 2004 World Monuments Watch by the World Monuments Fund.
The Rur Dam is a 77.2 metre high dam located in the southwestern part of the state of North Rhine-Westphalia in Germany.
Iberdrola Renewables built the wind farm for $100 million, and sells the output to Salt River Project.
The dam diverts water into the main irrigation canal serving the Albuquerque Division.
Wildwood Dam is a dam located on Trout Creek, upstream of the Town of St. Marys, Ontario.
The Godavari is the second longest river in India after the river Ganges having its source at Triambakeshwar, Maharashtra.
It generated 590 MW of thermal power, and had a breeding ratio of 1.12, but normally had to be stopped for refueling operations every 2 months.
The dam was built by the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers between 1955 and 1962 for the purposes of flood control, hydropower and navigation.
Prior to decommissioning, Aggreko sold electricity to the Ceylon Electricity Board at a rate of Rs.
The K-3, developed in South Africa, is a recent addition to the sprint kayak class which previously consisted of the K1, K2 and K4.
It is formed by the confluence of Sirwan river and Tanjero river in Darbandikhan Dam in the Sulaimaniya Governorate of Northern Iraq.
Kawadas Dam, is an earthfill dam on local river near Javhar in state of Maharashtra in India.
Huites Dam, officially known as Luis Donaldo Colosio Dam, is located on the Rio Fuerte in northwestern Sinaloa, Mexico 130 kilometres northeast of Los Mochis.
The reactors of units 5 and 6 were initially intended for export to Iran, but the order was cancelled after the Iranian revolution in 1979.
The power station went into service between 1979 and 1983.
Hudson Generating Station is a power plant operated by PSEG Fossil LLC, a subsidiary of Public Service Enterprise Group.
The tallest dam in Japan is the 186 m high Kurobe Dam.
Project power is transmitted through a 2.3-kilovolt underground cable connected to a substation.
The Rancho Seco Nuclear Generating Station is a decommissioned nuclear power plant built by the Sacramento Municipal Utility District in Herald, California.
            
On either side of power station at the dam's base, there are two gate-controlled chute spillways.
At 285 m high, it is the tallest gravity dam in the world, fifth tallest dam overall, and the tallest dam in Europe.
The plant is owned by Hubei Nuclear Power Company, a joint venture of China Guangdong Nuclear Power Group and Hubei Energy Group Ltd.
The Beyhan I Dam is a gravity dam on the Murat River near the village of Beyhan in Palu district, Elazığ Province, Turkey.
In December 2010 SunPower has completed the sale of Montalto di Castro solar park to a consortium of international investors.
The dam serves several purposes including the provision of hydroelectric power generation, water supply, flood control, irrigation and aquaculture.
Boti Ann Bliss is an American film and television actress.
The dam was constructed under supervision of FATA Development Authority.
The largest dam by structural volume in the country is the Tokuyama Dam with 13,700,000 m3 of rock-fill.
The Victoria Dam is a water supply dam providing water for the city of Perth, Western Australia.
Darling Downs is a gas fired combined cycle gas turbine power station and is the largest of its type in Australia.
The artificial lake created by Asahi Dam is Asahi Reservoir.
In the six months before March 2016 the wind farm produced 452.33 GWh, i.e.
It was created by the completion of the Robert S. Kerr dam on the Grand River in 1964.
Below is a list of dams and reservoirs in Japan.
It will consist of three individual wind farms connected together.
It is proposed to be built on the Marcoule Nuclear Site in France.
This requires all new buildings larger than 1000 m2 to be built with a water-based heating system and connected to the district heating system.
On December 29, 2014 Unit 2 of Frank E. Ratts facilities was shut down per consent decree.
The reactor achieved criticality in January 1987 and began providing power commercially on May 2 of that year.
Armağan Dam is a dam in Kırklareli Province, Turkey, built between 1986 and 1998.
Its hazard potential has been ranked high.
It is the capital of Al Anbar Governorate.
Built between 1967 and 1970, Palisades was approved to operate at full power in 1973.
The dam is connected to Lake Hodges and the Second San Diego Aqueduct.
The Barna Dam is a gravity dam on the Barna River in Badi tahsil Raisen district, Madhya Pradesh, India.
The Brandåa Hydroelectric Power Station is a hydroelectric power station in the municipality of Rindal in Møre og Romsdal county, Norway.
Construction of the dam began in 1961 and culminated in 1968.
Therefore, the river ran nearly dry during the dry season.
The hazard potential of the dam has been ranked high.
The second unit is a 63 MW gas unit which includes two gas generators.
The area around the river saw heavy fighting during the Continuation War 1941–1944.
It is situated at Umaria district of Madhya Pradesh, India.
The Susitna Hydroelectric Project is a proposed hydroelectric power project along the Susitna River in southern Alaska.
The Hali Dam is a gravity dam on Wadi Hali about 14 km east of Keyad in Makkah Province of southwestern Saudi Arabia.
The Fish River Canoe Marathon is a two-day event taking place on the Fish River in the Eastern Cape Province of South Africa.
The wind farm has been built for the ČEZ Group.
The station occupies an area of 3 km2.
A second conventional hydroelectric power plant with a generation capacity of 720 kW was added in May 1919.
Access is available within certain hours, by permit only.
The purpose of the dam is irrigation and it provides water for up to 21,464 ha of land.
Gosi kd Dam or Gosi Kund dam
It has a generating capacity of 240 megawatts.
It provides irrigation to an area of 5,470 hectares in the Palakkad district and drinking water supply to the Nemmara, Ayalur, Melarcode Panchayat.
Platoro Dam is a dam in Conejos County, Colorado.
The three main opposition groups were the Trojan Decommissioning Alliance, Forelaws on the Board, and Mothers for Peace.
Below is a list of dams and reservoirs in Japan.
The reservoir created by the dam serves as the lower reservoir for the 1,200 Tamahara Pumped Storage Power Station which was commissioned in 1986.
The King Talal Dam is a large dam in the hills of northern Jordan, across the Zarqa River.
Its power station is the largest hydroelectric power plant in Patagonia, with a capacity of 1,260 megawatts.
Ungampalayam in the K.Paramathi block, Karur district is one such example.
Two more 660 MW units are under construction and to be commissioned in 2017.
The reservoir has a storage capacity of 70 million cubic meters and serves for drinking water supply.
The development was backed by the Turkish State Hydraulic Works.
The tallest dam in Japan is the 186 m high Kurobe Dam.
Windy Hill has 20 wind turbines with a generating capacity of 12 MW of electricity, providing enough power for about 3,500 homes.
Due to its clear waters, it is home to the Japanese giant salamander.
The 69-metre-high dam was begun in 1993 and sealed in 1996, with the 64.5 square kilometres reservoir filled by 1998.
The dam was constructed for hydroelectric power generation, flood control and water supply for irrigation and industrial uses.
The tallest dam in China is the Jinping-I Dam at 305 m, an arch dam, which is also the tallest dam in the world.
The dam was completed in 1978 and all generators were operational by 1979.
The project construction started in 2005, but still work in progress.
Adjacent to the dam is a town with approximately 200 residents called Villa Dique Florentino Ameghino.
In the mid-1960s a second power station was built in the municipality of Spahnsdorf and parts of Lippendorf.
The plant has 3 different turbines with a total installed capacity of 6.88 MW.
On 18 October 2010 the British government announced that Heysham was one of the eight sites it considered suitable for future nuclear power stations.
It was established in 1991 and serves primarily for flood control purposes.
The Baath Dam is a dam on the Euphrates, located 22 kilometres upstream from the city of Raqqa in Raqqa Governorate, Syria.
A smaller 8 MW power station, Treblinje-2, was completed downstream in 1979.
The plant is equipped with four EGP-6 reactors.
Carbon Canyon Dam is a dam at the northern edge of Orange County, California.
Like Väo 1, it will be fired by wood chips and peat.
It forms Lake Apanás, the largest reservoir in the country.
Just below the dam is Obi Obi Gorge, one of the few remaining places left where the Mary River cod maintains a wild population.
The operator is the French company EDF.
It uses the heat exhaust of the plant's two combustion turbines and additional natural gas duct firing to generate 50 MW of electricity.
For its construction the whole village of Alassa had to be relocated to a nearby site overlooking the reservoir at a cost of around CYP£5,000,000.
Iron Horse State Park is immediately south of the lake.
This also includes an expansion of Lake Mutt and the Tierfehd Balancing Reservoir.
Halemba Power Station is a coal-fueled power plant in Halemba district of Ruda Śląska, Silesian Voivodeship, Poland.
It took three to four years to complete.
Below is a list of dams and reservoirs in Japan.
The plant is currently being expanded by adding 50 more turbines, each with a capacity of 660 kW, increasing its total capacity to 61.2 MW.
Many have already relocated but complain that their new land is of an insufficient size, has no power supply or natural resources to work.
The largest dam by structural volume in the country is the Tokuyama Dam with 13,700,000 m3 of rock-fill.
CNE-INVEST is responsible for the preservation of Units 3-5.
The dam began impounding water in April 1936 and was completed July of that year.
The Kiev Pumped-Storage Power Plant is a pumped-storage power station on the west bank of the Kiev Reservoir in Vyshhorod, Ukraine.
The site was first planned for 200 GE 1.5 turbines.
It was built in 1931 and its power house has a capacity of 66 megawatts with its 4 turbines.
The dam's main purpose is for the storage of water used in the generation of hydro-power .
Sual Power Station is a 1,200-MW coal-fired power station located near the Lingayen Gulf in Sual, Pangasinan, Philippines.
The research project is considered "complete" by the Department of Energy.
Manyad Dam, is an earthfill dam on Manyad river near nandre Chalisgaon, Jalgaon district in state of Maharashtra in India.
The Verbund Casimcea Wind Farm is an operational wind power project located in Tulcea County, Romania.
Lithuanian president Dalia Grybauskaitė and Finnish president Sauli Niinistö both participated in the opening ceremony of the plant.
Ōkawa is said to be the smallest town located on the four main islands of Japan.
Its reservoir also supplies water for municipal and industrial uses.
It is owned and operated by Belize Electricity Company Limited, with Fortis Inc. as the umbrella company.
Challicum Hills Wind Farm is a wind farm encompassed by 35 NEG NM 64 wind turbines, with a total generating capacity of 52.5 MW of electricity.
Surrounding its reservoir is the resort community of Lake of the Woods.
Construction on the project began on 8 May 2014.
The reservoir is fed by the Quinapoxet, and Stillwater rivers, along with the Quabbin Aqueduct, which carries water from the Quabbin Reservoir.
The dam was given its current name by royal permission in 1966, in honour of Thai princess Ubolratana Rajakanya.
The Hesselbach Wind Farm is North Rhine-Westphalia's first forest wind farm.
The Tinaroo Hydro Power Station in Tinaroo, Queensland is an electricity power station located at the spillway of Lake Tinaroo.
The power station generates 52 megawatts for the Center Region of the Argentine Interconnection System.
It is the largest power plant in Russia and the 9th-largest hydroelectric plant in the world, by average power generation.
Some other projects on this site were cancelled.
It operates at an installed capacity of 110 MW, with an average annual production of about 310 GW·h.
After the dissolution of the Soviet Union the Estonian-Russian border bisects the dam of the reservoir.
Jōzankei is a popular attraction with onsen along the upper Toyohira.
Also see Dabhol Power Company and Enron Scandal
Phase II, was completed on August 2008, and added 5 more wind turbines with the same capacity, and brought the total capacity to 33 MW.
Chashma's PAEC Model College for girls and boys have been ranked among the best colleges countrywide.
It consists of the Karachi Nuclear Power Plant and the Pakistan Atomic Energy Commission's Control & Instrumentation Analysis Lab.
Lake Whakamaru is one of the larger hydro reservoirs on the Waikato river.
The power plant, rated at 451 MW, was built by the Pennsylvania Electric Company and Cleveland Electric Illuminating Company.
The artificial lake created by Asahi Dam is Asahi Reservoir.
The wind farm is planned to have a total capacity of up to 4 GW.
It has 3 individual Francis turbine-generators with a nominal output of around 120 MW each which will deliver up to 360 MW of power.
Since 1995, the MELOX factory has been producing MOX from a mix of uranium and plutonium oxides.
The power station is operated by Latvenergo.
It is expected that the wind farm will create 460 manufacturing and construction jobs and a further 15 full-time maintenance jobs in Crows Nest.
Its 166 GE 1.5 MW turbines were commissioned in mid-2009 shortly before the fourth phase, Inadale, was completed.
It supports a 240 MW power station and supplies water for the irrigation of 12,700 ha.
The fourth unit went critical on 27 November 2010.
It is located on a 1,770-acre site in Rhea County, Tennessee, near Spring City, between the cities of Chattanooga and Knoxville.
Some of the dams are listed below by prefecture.
Özen Dam is a dam in Turkey.
In April 2012, Units 1-4 were decommissioned.
There has been a gradual recovery of what is now referred to as a "trophy area" for fishermen below the dam.
In August 2012, the projects were acquired by Dong Energy.
The dam is located on the Helmand River 100 miles north-west of Kandahar and is operated by the Helmand and Arghandab Valley Authority.
Malangaon Dam is an earthfill dam on the Kan River near Sakri, Dhule district, in the state of Maharashtra in India.
In 2003 one of the two WP-120 generators units was replaced by a gas-and-steam BGP-100 generator.
The hazard potential of the dam has been ranked high.
Below is a list of dams and reservoirs in Japan.
It is owned and operated by the Shweli River-I Power Station Co.
Like most pumped-storage facilities, the power station uses two reservoirs, releasing and pumping as the demand rises and falls.
It operates at an installed capacity of 290 MW, with an average annual production of 1,776 GWh.
The Lakeview Generating Station was an Ontario Power Generation coal-burning station located in Lakeview, a community just east of Port Credit, in Mississauga, Ontario, Canada.
The last allowance requires Unit 5 to be active for 3–4 days each month at 10-15% of maximum capacity.
Any rainfall in the mountains results in violent short lived flash floods.
It has an installed capacity of 420 MW and was inaugurated on January 14, 2010.
Altınapa Dam is a dam in Konya Province, Turkey, built between 1963 and 1967.
Fishing in the dam attracts tourists, the main species being fished for are Largemouth bass and kurper.
The impounded reservoir is officially called Thomson Reservoir, sometimes called Lake Thomson.
Franklin Lock and Dam, is a navigable lock and dam in Olga, Florida, United States.
The site of SHBPS is around 500 metres by 400 metres in area.
The power station is located in Novomichurinsk of the Ryazan Oblast, Russia.
The main purpose of the dam is for supply of potable water for the Scenic Rim region.
2 were added and now rated at 35 MW each.
The eastern bounds of the reservoir are a recreational area and the western periphery are within the bounds of Western Sydney Parklands.
On 25 October 2008, Saint Petersburg Atomenergoproekt began concreting the foundation plate of the reactor building of the Leningrad Nuclear Power Plant II, Unit 1.
It is also to be constructed to withstand 500-year-storms and to function as a coastline protection against storms and floods.
Andong is a market centre for the surrounding agricultural areas.
Work began on the dam's construction in 1939.
The Nathpa Jhakri Dam is a concrete gravity dam on the Satluj River in Himachal Pradesh, India.
Some of the dams are listed below by prefecture.
Plans for the dam were first drawn in 1970 when the riparian states within the Senegal River Basin Development Authority agreed to develop the Senegal River.
After modernization of other units total installed capacity reached 5,420 MW in September 2015.
Rustfontein Dam is a gravity type dam located on the Modder River near Botshabelo, Free State, South Africa.
The project was completed in 2011, with about 270,000 panels.
The dam, built in 1956, is for generating hydroelectric power.
The reservoir behind the dam has no official name, but was called the Long Pool for many years.
Mehakari Dam, is an earthfill dam on Mehakari river near Ashti, Beed district in the state of Maharashtra in India.
it uses 39% more electricity than it actually produces.
The development was backed by the Turkish State Hydraulic Works.
Maximum output is achieved at a wind speed of 50 kilometres per hour.
The slightly pointed curvature of the dam follows the course of a long ridge of basalt and thus bears only superficial resemblance to an arch dam.
The main purpose of the project is hydroelectric power generation with additional purposes of flood control and irrigation.
The Marble Canyon Dam, also known as the Redwall Dam, was a proposed dam on the Colorado River in Arizona.
The Wachusett Reservoir is the second largest body of water in the state of Massachusetts.
Pouring of roller-compacted concrete began in 2006 and the dam was complete in 2008.
Klabböle Power Plant was a hydroelectric plant located near Umeå in northern Sweden.
The development was backed by the Turkish State Hydraulic Works.
The hazard potential of the dam has been ranked high.
The last of the four generating sets was installed by mid-1959.
The Devecikonağı Dam is a gravity dam on Emet Stream about 5 km south of Devecikonağı in Bursa Province, Turkey.
The plant's age meant that it generated more toxic waste, such as airborne mercury and nitrogen oxides, than most other U.S. generating plants.
It is located some 20 kilometres east of Limassol.
Fukushima was the first nuclear plant to be designed, constructed and run in conjunction with General Electric, Boise Cascade, and Tokyo Electric Power Company.
Its primary use is to serve oil refinery ORLEN Lietuva.
Highly acidic water also damaged the power station's turbines.
Başköy Dam is a dam in Ağrı Province, Turkey, built between 1998 and 2003.
The purpose of the auxiliary dam is to pre-clean water mechanically and biologically before it flows into the main reservoir.
The Stewart Mountain Dam is a concrete thin arch dam located 41 miles northeast of Phoenix, Arizona.
It is equipped by five stream generators and two hot water boilers (Barnaul BKZ-75-39F middle-pressure boilers.
The wind farms were developed as a single unit after planning consent was given in 2003.
The dam has a capacity of 43.49 million cubic metres.
The decommissioning of the plant is now planned for 2021.
The Gladstone Power Station is Queensland's largest power station, with six coal powered steam turbines generating a maximum of 1,680 MW of electricity.
According to a Pakistani press report this reactor began operating in early 1998.
The ship lift was complete in December 2015.
Hirono Power Station is an fossil-fuel power station located about 3 km north of Hirono, Fukushima, Japan.
The Okuyoshino Pumped Storage Power Station is located 15 kilometres north of Totsukawa in Nara Prefecture, Japan.
It is now owned by Tilt Renewables.
These wind turbines are 100 metre high and have 44 metre long blades.
Originally named the Cachuma Dam, it was completed in 1953; the name was later changed to honor a local water supply proponent.
During the twentieth century, the United States built thousands of dams.
The second plant uses heavy fuel oil.
The Grafenrheinfeld nuclear power plant is a now-offline electricity-generating facility near Grafenrheinfeld, south of Schweinfurt at the river Main.
Wemmershoek is a settlement in Cape Winelands District Municipality in the Western Cape province of South Africa.
After making modifications to the dam's design, Laos plans to start full construction with a ceremony on 7 November 2012.
Plant security was increased after the terrorist attacks on September 11, 2001.
Baglan Bay power station is a 525MWe gas-fired power station situated on Baglan Moors just west of Port Talbot in Wales.
The renovations, which are intended to improve the reliability of the system in the event of an earthquake, are on schedule to be completed in 2016.
The KXSO collector surface is more than 800,000 m2 with a full-load molten salt storage capacity of 2.5 hours.
The Togagawa Dam is a gravity dam on the Togagawa River near Taikanba village about 26 km southeast of Shogawa in Toyama Prefecture, Japan.
Sevişler Dam is a dam in Turkey.
It is the smallest windfarm owned by E.ON; taking up 3 hectares.
Khadakwasla Dam burst at 0730 hrs on 12 July 1961, causing the greatest ever natural disaster to strike Pune.
It is expected to cost A$250 million to construct.
The solar trough generation was built by Acciona Solar Power, a partially owned subsidiary of Spanish conglomerate Acciona Energy.
The tallest dam in Japan is the 186 m high Kurobe Dam.
The plant was to comprise two solar power towers, each with a generating capacity of 250 megawatts.
The development was backed by the Turkish State Hydraulic Works.
Walcott Park, close to the dam, is a popular summertime picnic area.
Zagorsk-2 with a future installed capacity of 840 MW is currently being constructed adjacent to it.
Wattle Point Wind Farm was built and owned by Southern Hydro Pty Limited.
Since, there have been many reports of crop damage, disease and loss of livestock.
The Aslandağ Dam is a gravity dam on the Bembo River in Şemdinli district of Hakkâri Province, southeast Turkey.
It forms Lake McClure, which impounds the river for irrigation and hydroelectric power production and has a capacity of more than 1,000,000 acre feet.
During construction, ten towns and eighty villages were submerged and over fifty thousand people were relocated.
As an emergency reserve power plant, it should reach full output within 10 minutes.
It supports a 360 MW power station located just downstream.
It had an output of 1,000 megawatts and had a 400 kilovolt connection to the national grid.
Hindaun is a Historical-Legendary City & Municipal Council in Hindaun Block, Karauli district of the Indian state of Rajasthan in Northern India.
In 2011, it was announced that the power station may be converted to burn biomass only, in a bid to avoid government legislation.
The basin of the Rio Grande is responsible for about 67% of all energy generated in the state.
In order to retain the reservoir, a 37 m tall and 500 m long saddle dam was constructed directly northeast of the dam.
Goki Dam, is an earthfill and gravity dam on Goki river near Darwha, Yavatmal district in state of Maharashtra in India.
Pakistan's first indigenous nuclear reactor was commissioned at Khushab in March 1996.
The dam spans the Gayt River, a right-bank tributary of the Eastern Euphrates.
Groundbreaking was on July 11, 2002 and it was declared officially in service on December 1, 2002.
During 2008 the Tasmanian Government via Aurora Energy acquired the construction project from the then owner Babcock & Brown Power.
The wind resource for this project has been monitored since 2006.
The rated capacity of the power station is 22 kW.
On 1 January 2013 the plant was closed due to EU environmental regulations.
Altunhisar Dam, is a dam in Niğde Province, Turkey, built between 1985 and 1988.
The dam is located north of Little Rock.
Inadale adds 197 more Mitsubishi 1MW turbines to the existing project.
It is on a 5,500 ha site which has an installed capacity of 420 megawatts.
The dam is a 180 m tall variable-radius arch type with a crest length of
The lake has a capacity of 350,000 acre feet.
When fully operational, the power station will have an installed capacity of 2,400 MW.
At 167.68 metres, it is one of the highest arch dams in Asia.
During the dry season, the basin behind the dam is used for groundwater recharge, as well as various recreational activities.
Izvoarele Solar Park is a large thin-film photovoltaic power system, built on a 125 ha plot of land located in Izvoarele in Romania.
The largest dam by structural volume in the country is the Tokuyama Dam with 13,700,000 m3 of rock-fill.
It currently runs on kerosene, but can be converted to natural gas.
Hussain Sagar Thermal Power Station is the historic thermal power plant that was located in Hyderabad, Telangana on the banks of Hussain Sagar.
The hazard potential of the dam has been ranked high.
With a net generation of just under 12 billion a kWh, it was the worldwide leader in 2005.
Gordon William Pittock was a Canadian politician, who represented Oxford in the Legislative Assembly of Ontario from 1963 to 1967 as a Progressive Conservative member.
The Roncovalgrande Hydroelectric Plant, also known as the Delio Hydroelectric Plant, is located 3 kilometres north of Maccagno in the Province of Varese, Lombardy, Italy.
Some of the dams are listed below by prefecture.
In May, 1966, the announcement was made that the plant would be built on a 1,200 acre site in the town of Two Creeks.
The dam's 15.7 MW power station was expected to be operational in July 2014.
This dam has one of the largest generator capacity in Iran which help the electric power shortage during the peak usage at the summer time.
It started operation in 1976 and has a gross power production of 806 MW.
The maximum discharge of the barrage is 6,000 cubic metres, but actual discharge has not exceeded 2,000 cubic metres in the last 10 years.
On July 12, 2006 it was announced that the plant would be sold to Entergy.
At the time of its completion, it was the largest solar park in Europe.
The station was demolished by MJ Finnigan & Co.
Llyn Cowlyd can also be reached by foot from Capel Curig, some 2 miles away, from the ridge of Cefn Cyfarwydd, or from above Dolgarrog.
Agios Dimitrios Power Station is a power plant located near Agios Dimitrios, Kozani, Greece, situated between the towns of Kozani and Ellispontos village.
The large village of Tonota lies just south of the dam.
The Yom river has its source in the Phi Pan Nam Range in Pong district, Phayao Province, Thailand.
Metz Dam is an earth-fill type dam located on the Moetladimo River, near Trichardsdal, Limpopo, South Africa.
The Lower Paunglaung Dam is a rock-fill embankment dam on the Paunglaung River, about 14 kilometres east of Pyinmana in Naypyidaw Union Territory, Burma.
The population of Kozagawa Town is the second smallest in Wakayama Prefecture.
Toyomi Dam is a dam in Agano, Niigata, Japan, completed in 1929.
Tokuyama also creates Japan's largest reservoir with a water volume of 660,000,000 m3.
Tamahara Dam is a rock-fill embankment dam on a Tone River tributary in Gunma Prefecture of Japan.
The last generator was operational on 4 April 1967.
The facility is located near Horseshoe Bay in Llano County, Texas, United States.
Some of the dams are listed below by prefecture.
At the time of its construction, it was the largest earth-filled hydroelectric project in Europe.
The Khmelnytskyi Nuclear Power Plant is a nuclear power plant in Netishyn, Khmelnytskyi, Ukraine.
The Gentilly reactors were constructed in stages between 1966 and 1983 and were originally part of a plan for 30-35 nuclear reactors in Quebec.
Alcoa owns three of the four generating stations, which were placed into service in the early 1960s.
Güzelce Dam is a dam in Turkey.
The Pangani falls power station has two turbines and has an installed capacity of 68 megawatts.
The Eolica Săcele Wind Farm is a proposed wind power project in Săcele, Constanţa County, Romania.
It was not until 1922 when Gibraltar Reservoir first reached capacity.
The terrain is hilly, with meadows and arable land available, used for grazing, potato growing and other agricultural activities.
The plant is located on approximately 20 hectares of land with an extensive buffer zone around it.
The Dulcinea Solar Plant is a photovoltaic power station in Cuenca, Spain.
The power plant consists of 3 coal turbines and a gas turbine.
Ōtake is a city located in Hiroshima Prefecture, Japan.
However, the plans for closure were canceled when the Illinois State Legislature passed and the Illinois Governor signed SB 2814, The Future Energy Jobs Bill.
The development was backed by the Turkish State Hydraulic Works.
It supplied electricity to the town of Reefton in New Zealand.
The facility was owned and operated by Wisconsin Power and Light, a wholly owned subsidiary of Alliant Energy.
New Croton Dam has a public park and trail head at its base and a road along its crest.
De Aar is the closest big town and lies 50 km East from Britstown on the N12.
It is located in the commune of Ain Bni Mathar within Jerada Province, in the Oriental Region.
The solar park has around 215,000 state-of-the-art thin film PV panels for a total nameplate capacity of 50-megawatts, and was finished in September 2013.
The decommissioned High Marnham Power Station was 6 miles upstream.
The White Hill Wind Farm is a wind farm in New Zealand operated by Meridian Energy.
Construction began in 1965 and was completed in 1967.
Owned by Iberdrola Renovables, it is the third major wind-power installation in the state of New Hampshire.
The tallest dam in Japan is the 186 m high Kurobe Dam.
In 2008, Windflow Technology took on the overall management of the project.
A boat marina and beach are located within the dam boundaries.
Heavy fuel oil was fired in all boilers.
Makardhokada Dam, is an earthfill dam on Amb river near Umred, Nagpur district in state of Maharashtra in India.
Below is a list of dams and reservoirs in Japan.
The structure was constructed in 1961-1964 by the United States Bureau of Reclamation, to hold water for downstream irrigation and for flood-control purposes.
The dam has reduced downstream water volumes in Obudu town, causing acute scarcity of drinking water in the dry season.
Its purpose is and has always been for emergency and standby needs.
The dam raise project was originally set for the end of 2012, but was completed in early 2014.
Water from the dam's reservoir powers four generators with Francis turbines, each with a capacity of 300 MW.
The dam's main purpose is to supply water to Jalgaon city.
The tallest dam in Japan is the 186 m high Kurobe Dam.
The Gitaru Hydroelectric Power Station, also known as the Gitaru Dam, is a rock and earth-filled embankment dam on the Tana River in Kenya.
The lake was created by the floods mitigation and protection against floodings.
Neasden Power Station was a coal-fired power station built by the Metropolitan Railway for their electrification project.
It straddles the border of the village of Kitashiobara and the town of Inawashiro, both in the Yama district of Fukushima Prefecture, Japan.
The dam was built by the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers between 1947 and 1953 for the purposes of flood control, and hydropower.
The Ivaylovgrad Dam(язовир "Ивайловград") is located in the eastern Rhodope Mountains and is situated on the Arda river, Southern Bulgaria.
Miyada is a village located in Kamiina District in south-central Nagano Prefecture, in the Chūbu region of Japan.
Construction of Khan Khwar Hydropower Plant was commenced in April 2003 and the project was completed in April 2012.
Hiranabe Dam is a dam in Kitagawa, Kōchi Prefecture, Japan.
In the event of a power outage, this plant can operate the dam's massive spillway gates.
The power station contains 2 x 18 MW generators with a combined capacity of 36 MW.
As the second phase of the Beas Project, construction on the dam began in 1961 and was completed in 1974.
Constructed between 2003 and 2008, the dam serves to produce hydroelectricity.
The hydrogen produced is stored in special tanks under pressure.
It is situated 45 miles southwest of Guadalajara, and 80 miles east of Puerto Vallarta.
The PS20 solar power plant solar power plant is a solar thermal energy plant in Sanlucar la Mayor near Seville in Andalusia, Spain.
Some of the dams are listed below by prefecture.
In 2013, Contact announced that the project would not proceed in the foreseeable future.
The project is a multipurpose hydroelectric power and flood mitigation scheme.
Plant 1 was added to the National Register of Historic Places as Snoqualmie Falls Cavity Generating Station on April 23, 1976.
The purpose of the dam is municipal water supply and hydroelectric power generation.
Below is a list of dams and reservoirs in Japan.
The area underlying the proposed power plant is honeycombed with caves, fractures, and underground streams.
The largest dam by structural volume in the country is the Tokuyama Dam with 13,700,000 m3 of rock-fill.
The word seems to be related to the Greek word taphos, meaning "grave" or "grave hill".
The power station is equipped with the circulating fluidized bed boiler with capacity of 500 MWth, which is the largest biomass-fired CFB boiler in the world.
Fierza is the upper HPP of the Drin River cascade.
However, it can hold up to 2,338,000,000 m3 in the event of a flood.
The original dam was constructed between 1958 and 1973.
The impounded reservoir is called Lake Samsonvale.
It consists of an original 90 MW wind farm commissioned in 2007 and a 258 MW extension completed in 2017.
Since then, the hydroelectric power station is the largest in Mexico.
It is named after Illinois Congressman Charles Melvin Price.
The Ranapratap Sagar Dam is a gravity masonry dam of 53.8 metres height built on the Chambal River at Rawatbhata in Rajasthan in India.
The solar park is expected to between supply 2,000 MWh and 3,000 MWh of electricity per year.
The dam was complete in February 1993 and the first generator was operational in January 1994.
Göksu Dam is a dam on Göksu Stream south of Diyarbakır city in Turkey.
Talamba Dam, is an earthfill dam on Karli river near Kudal, Sindhudurg district in the state of Maharashtra in India.
Total project expected to cost $9 billion.
Frederick Hinde Zimmerman was the founder and owner of the hotel, and he completed construction and opened the hotel to the public on August 7, 1922.
The reservoir is also employed to raise Salmonidae.
In October 2000, the plant was sold to London Energy, who are part of EDF Energy, for £398 million.
The rocks, which serve as the dams walls, were hand placed during the dam's original construction in 1938.
It is a gravity dam made of concrete, 54.6 meters in height.
In July 2008, Contact Energy announced that the contract for supply and construction of the binary cycle equipment was awarded to Ormat Technologies.
The Ambewela Aitken Spence Wind Farm is small wind farm in Ambewela, owned and operated by Ace Wind Power, a subsidiary of Aitken Spence.
The installation is in the Giurgiu County in southern Romania.
The plant was developed by Edison Mission Energy and Contact Energy in 2001 and 2002.
Kashira Power Plant is a coal-fired power plant at Kashira in Moscow Oblast, Russia.
The project used a system of canals, tunnels, wood box flumes and diversion dams to feed a remote storage reservoir and powerhouse.
The associated hydroelectric power station will have a 12 megawatts installed capacity.
Water from the upper reservoir is sent to the underground power station down near the lower reservoir through headrace/penstock pipes.
It also played a major role in enabling the electrification of the Tyneside railways and tramways.
Another 500*1 & 600*1 is under process.
It supports a 25.2 MW power station.
It was built by npower renewables and cost around £50 million.
Because of the arch shape, the force of the backed up water presses downward against the dam and has the effect of strengthening the dam foundation.
The 1,065 megawatts power plant is owned by Duke Energy and its last generator was commissioned in 1991.
The Koma Kulshan Project is a 13.3 MW run-of-the-river hydroelectric generation facility on the slopes of Mount Baker, a stratovolcano in Washington state's North Cascades.
When the solar power runs low the existing diesel power station provides electricity.
The project's cost had ballooned from $775 million to $2.9 billion.
Synergy added two LMS100 gas turbines to the site in 2012.
The dam has a capacity of 3.6 million cubic metres.
The artificial lake resulting from the construction of the Katsurazawa Dam is known as the Katsurazawa Lake.
The Uludere Dam is a gravity dam under construction on the Ortasu River in Uludere district of Şırnak Province, southeast Turkey.
It was Iberdrola's first wind farm in Hungary when it began operation in early 2009.
Tokuyama also creates Japan's largest reservoir with a water volume of 660,000,000 m3.
It said that no overdose of radiation resulted in any of the workers.
The Nurek Dam is an earth-fill embankment dam on the Vakhsh River in Tajikistan.
The farm went in production by end May 2014 with six turbines of each 2.5 MW.
Between 1979 and 1985 it was modernized to use also natural gas.
The dam is also used to store water from the Dandalup scheme whereby water can be pumped or gravity transferred back into Serpentine pipehead dam.
Ishikawauchi Dam is a 47.5 m concrete gravity dam, while Oseuchi and Kanasumi dams are rock-fill dams, 65.5 m and 42.5 m high, respectively.
The hazard potential of the dam has been ranked high.
The reservoir has water catchment area of 1182 km² and maximum volume of 539.9 million m3.
The power station has a 708 MW capacity and is supplied with water by a concrete face rock-fill embankment dam, the second tallest dam in Brazil.
It was constructed between 1941 and 1943.
The purpose of the dam is flood control and water supply.
The Väo Power Plant is a biomass and peat-fired combined heat and power plant in Tallinn, Estonia.
The Somasila Dam is a dam constructed across the Penna River near Somasila, Nellore district, Andhra Pradesh, India.
The second unit was originally planned to be a BWR as well but plans later changed.
The dam was completed in 2003 and its underground power station became operational in 2004.
Windpark Noordoostpolder is an onshore and near-shore wind farm under construction in Flevoland, the Netherlands.
It opened in 1915 and is located on the border between Boise County and Elmore County, upstream of the Lucky Peak Dam and reservoir.
It is sited on the Tamakoshi River, a tributary of the Sun Kosi river, near the Nepal–Tibet border.
The power station's four 25 MW Kaplan turbine-generators are scheduled to be upgraded to 31.5 MW each.
The dam's reservoir displaced 40,000 people and will serve as the lower reservoir for the Huanggou Pumped Storage Power Station when it is complete.
Historical charts show this stretch of the channel has changed little over 150 years.
This dam was constructed along with two other dams at Cheruthoni and Kulamavu.
Ngatamariki is a geothermal power station commissioned in 2013 and operated by Mercury Energy.
The 287,000-megalitre water store is located in Emerald-Clematis-Dewhurst in south-eastern suburbs of Melbourne, Victoria.
Tokuyama also creates Japan's largest reservoir with a water volume of 660,000,000 m3.
The Jiemian Dam is a concrete-face rock-fill dam on the Junxi River in Youxi County of Fujian Province, China.
Scrivener Dam, a concrete gravity dam that impounds Molongolo River, is located in Canberra, Australian Capital Territory, Australia.
The dam's reservoir has a total storage of 249,860,000 m3, making it the second largest in the country after the King Fahad Dam.
It is operated by Korean Midland Power Co., a subsidiary of Korea Electric Power Company and was completed at a cost of ₩1.1 trillion won.
It has a nameplate capacity of 300 MW and it cost £780–900 million.
Construction began in 1993 with the river's diversion and in 1995, construction on the dam began.
Completed in 1976, the dam was built primarily for flood control and economic development purposes, and does not produce any electricity.
The plant's total power generation between 1970 and 2006 was 6674.91 GWh, which amounts to a mean annual power generation of 185 GWh.
Southwards lies the boundary of Orrisa state.
A. I. Selden Dam is a dam in Hale County, Alabama.
The project agreement was signed with the Board of Investment in August 2010, with construction of the wind farm commencing in the following month.
The solar park is expected to supply 2,000 MWh of electricity per year.
Gode Wind 1, 2, and 3 are offshore wind farms located north-west of Norderney in the German sector of North Sea.
The Xingó Dam is a concrete face rock-fill dam on the São Francisco River on the border of Alagoas and Sergipe, near Piranhas, Brazil.
All three units use sub-bituminous coal mined from the Powder River Basin shipped via rail.
The Shwegyin Dam is a rock-fill dam on the Shwegyin River in Shwegyin Township of the Bago Region in Burma.
Gyanganga Dam,, is an earthfill dam on Gyanganga river near Khamgaon, Buldhana district in the state of Maharashtra in India.
It was repaired soon thereafter and on August 12, 1946 it went into operation again.
Biglow Canyon Wind Farm covers 25,000 acres in the Columbia River Gorge.
The company is also licensed to manage the water rights used by the power stations.
Construction of the project that began in 1995 consists of 5 generators each with a maximum power generation capacity of 290MW.
The dam impounded a small reservoir that is no longer used and is mostly filled with silt.
Output is expected to be 11,000 MWh/year.
The Wutach is a river, 91 kilometres long, in the southeastern part of the Black Forest in the German state of Baden-Württemberg.
Unconventionally, the power station is situated 600 metres inside a mountain and it consists of 14 kilometres of tunnels.
The development was backed by the Turkish State Hydraulic Works.
The plant property occupies almost 1,000 m of shoreline.
Olympus Dam, part of the Colorado-Big Thompson Project, there withstood the deluge and the flood was halted.
In an unusual move, Scottish Power has offered local rangers £30 for every mountain hare they hand over.
The nuclear reactor had been shut down and defueled in April 2011 for scheduled refueling.
The total generating capacity of the project is 2,400 MW.
The project was cancelled in November 2013.
From 1959 on, the water was also used to drive a hydropower plant of 3.2 MW.
It can withhold up to 10,430,900 m3 of water, of which 8,900,000 m3 can be used for power production.
It has been designed to take advantage of water being released for irrigation, and water released when the dam is full.
Rwimi Hydroelectric Power Station, sometimes referred to simply as Rwimi Power Station, is a proposed 5.6 megawatts hydroelectric power station in Uganda.
The purpose of the dam is flood control, hydro-power and irrigation.
Waddamana Hydro-Electric power station was the first hydro-electric power plant ever operated by the Tasmanian Hydro-Electric Department, opened in 1916.
The primary purpose of the 97 m tall dam roller-compacted concrete dam is power and it supports a 582 MW hydroelectric power station.
The Kaddam Project also called Kadem is a Major Reservoir across river Kadem, a tributary river of Godavari near Kaddam Mandal, Nirmal District, Telangana.
It is situated on the Tararua Ranges, approximately 11 km east of Palmerston North in New Zealand.
The plant feeds the grid for Kursk Oblast and 19 other regions.
The primary purpose of the dam is hydroelectric power generation.
The Tangevaerket Dam is an earth-fill embankment dam on the Gudenå River just east of the town of Tange in Viborg Municipality, Denmark.
Wide public consultation was undertaken during early development of the project.
The contract for its construction was awarded in January 1984 to a consortium comprising J&P construction and Impregilo of Italy.
Nirguna Dam, is an earthfill dam on Nirguna river near Patur, Akola district in the state of Maharashtra in India.
At the moment the work is based on the technical redesign.
The project is formally named the Kandadji Programme for Ecosystem Regeneration and Niger River Development.
Dams in this province make up 17% of all dams in Zimbabwe and are managed by ZINWA.
The need for flood control capability became obvious when the river flooded in 1923, it breached the Lake Overholser Dam, and inundated much of the city.
This system uses 159,200 panels spread over 83.9 acres.
It is being constructed by BP Alternative Energy.
The dam's purpose includes flood mitigation, hydro-power, irrigation, water supply and conservation.
Construction on the project began in January 2008 and was finished in December 2008, on-time and under budget.
The project includes the installation of 2,320 megawatts MW to generate an annual average energy of 12,100 gigawatt-hours.
Ratch Australia bought the project from Transfield Services in July 2011.
The impounded reservoir is called Blowering Reservoir.
The rest flows back into the Bode and down to the Wendefurth Reservoir, where it is reunited with the water from the Rappbode Reservoir again.
It became operational on 17 March 2013.
BC Hydro has stated that it is building the Site C project to meet the future energy and capacity needs of its three customer groups.
It was constructed between 1998 and 2004 by the Turkish State Hydraulic Works.
The shale has a dark gray, bedded appearance, and is mostly claystone or siltstone.
Construction on the plant began on 31 March 2002, but faced several delays due to opposition from local fishermen.
The complex comprised a coke works, tar works and a power station.
The wind farm consists of 12 wind turbines of 250 KW each, totalling the plant installed capacity to 3 megawatts.
The tallest dam in Japan is the 186 m high Kurobe Dam.
Power generated by the dam, if exported to southern countries such as Afghanistan, could also hurt Uzbekistan's market for electricity export.
In May 2014, the CNSC extended the licence to May 2015 and public hearings were scheduled for early 2015 in Ottawa and Kincardine.
The fifth Francis turbine-generator, rated at 122 MW, at the Saint Pierre power station, on the left bank of the river, was commissioned in 1988.
It is located 34 km south of Ya'an.
Bilharzia is a health hazard in the region which has increased since the construction of the dam.
In addition to providing flood control and power generation, the dam created Pennsylvania's second deepest lake, the Allegheny Reservoir, also known as Kinzua Lake.
Minowa is a town located in Kamiina District in south-central Nagano Prefecture, in the Chūbu region of Japan.
Both the upper and lower reservoirs have an active storage capacity of 6,000,000 cubic metres.
The population of Mehmetli is 1524 as of 2010.
The plant was located next to the Tallinn Gas Factory at the location of the former Stuart fortress.
Ikusaka Dam is a dam in the village of Ikusaka, Nagano Prefecture, Japan, completed in 1964.
The plant returned to full power in the middle of January 2013.
Thorpe Marsh Power Station was a 1 GW coal-fired power station near Barnby Dun in South Yorkshire, England.
The Żarnowiec Pumped Storage Power Station is located about 7 km south of Żarnowiec in Puck County, northern Poland.
It is owned by Companhia Portuguesa de Produção de Electricidade and is used for power generation.
The lower reservoir will hold up to 66,150,000 m3 of water of which 41,480,000 m3 can be used for power generation.
The village is designed along Mogobane dam.
Bihar's share is 1183 MW from NTPC Barh(26% from stage 1 and 50% from stage 2).
Pacific Gas and Electric will buy the electricity under a 25-year power purchase agreement.
Built in 1837 of timber and concrete, it was 917 feet long and 24 feet high.
Under contract from Turkey's State Hydraulic Works, Özdoğan Group began construction on the dam in 2008 and it was complete in 2012.
Gravity dams can be classified with respect to their structural height:
The project is being developed by Hydro Developments Limited, who applied for resource consents in December 2008 with consents granted in January 2010.
Fees are charged in summertime for all facilities.
Neptune Bank Power Station was a coal-fired power station situated on the River Tyne at Wallsend near Newcastle upon Tyne.
A dam can also be used to collect water or for storage of water which can be evenly distributed between locations.
It was built in four phases and is owned and operated by Iberdrola.
The station can generate 319 MW and was commissioned in 1996.
The sea is underlain by the Red Sea Rift which is part of the Great Rift Valley.
Çokal Dam is a dam in Turkey.
The Colíder Dam and the Teles Pires Dam are currently under construction, while the smaller upstream dams are still in the planning stages.
The Houziyan Dam is an under construction embankment dam on the Dadu River in Danba County, Sichuan province, China.
Holaniku at Keahole Point is a 2MW micro-scaled concentrated solar power plant in the Kona District of the island of Hawaiʻi.
The purpose of the dam is to produce hydroelectricity and it supports a 240 MW power station.
First is flood control then the irrigation of up to 8,000 ha.
Commissioned in 1984, it is the country's youngest and most powerful of all five operating reactors.
When completed by the end of 2008, it was the world's largest thin-film solar park using CdTe-modules.
The power station is equipped by a General Electric combined-cycle gas engine.
The maximal depth of the reservoir is 120 metres.
The Kremenchuk Hydroelectric Power Plant is a run-of-river power plant on the Dnieper River just upstream of Kremenchuk in Svitlovodsk, Ukraine.
turbo-alternators each capable of producing 51.6 megawatts.
The Shimenkan Dam is an arch dam on the Lixian River, straddling the border between Ning'er and Mojiang County in Yunnan Province, China.
In 1983, the New Ōi Dam was built just downstream.
Moni Power Station is the second power plant the Electricity Authority of Cyprus built.
Units 3 and 4 were retired on October 1, 2009.
The Enloe Dam, also known as the Similkameen Dam, and its powerplant are located on the Similkameen River about 4 miles west-northwest of Oroville, Washington.
In 2004, the Nuclear Regulatory Commission renewed the operating licenses for both reactors, extending them from forty years to sixty.
It was created in 1968 and serves mainly for irrigation purposes.
The dam began to impound its reservoir in December 2015.
Above the town 2.5 kilometres lies the Kamenice river that is collected by the Josefův Důl dam.
Vadiwale Dam, is an earthfill dam on Kundali river near Maval, Pune district in the state of Maharashtra in India.
Originally it was stirling engine design and the company involved was Tessera Solar.
The dam's power plant has an installed capacity of 513 MW.
The RSTP project is located adjacent the 75 MW Lesedi and 96 MW Jasper photovoltaic solar power projects.
Of the world's total large dams, China accounts for the most – 20 percent of them; 45 percent of which are used for irrigation.
1/4 of the population are immigrants and half of the population is under 25 years old.
The purpose of the dam is to control floods and supply water for irrigation.
It is the first wind farm for the capital city, and has a capacity of 143 MW.
The facility is run by the Kyushu Electric Power Company.
Unit 2 will be commissioned in 2021, unit 3 in 2023 and unit 4 in 2024.
The name Seedskadee is derived from the Shoshone language word sisk-a-dee-agie, which means "river of the prairie hen".
Turitea Wind Farm is a proposed wind farm being developed by Mercury Energy for the Palmerston North District Council.
However, that dam was plagued by siltation and was unable to fully serve the water requirements of the city.
The following is a list of the power stations in Nepal.
Cape Wind had arranged to borrow $2 billion through The Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ.
Its main recreational features include the C. J.
It is 72.5 km in length and has drainage area of 959 km².
The Stateline Wind Project is several miles northwest of the Vansycle Wind Project in Umatilla County, Oregon.
After the completion of the dam, families displaced from the flood waters began to inhabit the city.
The development was backed by the Turkish State Hydraulic Works.
Over 2,000 dual-axis sun-tracking mirrors heat air to 700 °C, which is used to generate steam which flows through a turbine to generate electricity.
From 1976 to 1989, the spillway was rehabilitated.
The Dongfeng Dam is an arch dam on the Wu River 65 km northwest of Qingzhen in Guizhou Province, China.
Both are adjacent to one another on separate water falls along the Ikopa River.
Glanford Power Station is an electricity generating plant located on the Flixborough industrial estate near Scunthorpe in North Lincolnshire.
Some of the dams are listed below by prefecture.
It is located in Limpopo Province, South Africa.
Some of the dams are listed below by prefecture.
Located near Marble Falls, Texas, Starcke Dam was the last of the six Highland Lakes dams to be built.
Masinga Hydroelectric Power Station, also Masinga Dam, is an embankment dam on the Tana River, the longest river in Kenya.
Fourth down the valley is the Vaituoru Dam at an elevation of 200 m with a reservoir capacity of 100,000 m3.
Kallanai is an ancient dam, which is built across the Kaveri river in Trichy District in the state of Tamil Nadu in South India.
Operational since 1920, since the 1990s it operates at a limited capacity, and is regarded as a monument due to its architectural values.
In its lower reaches it flows for about 6 kilometres along the border with the canton of Schaffhausen, Switzerland.
Denison Dam, also known as Lake Texoma Dam, is a dam located on the Red River between Texas and Oklahoma that impounds Lake Texoma.
Water released from the power station is returned to the Tana via a 1.4 km long tailrace tunnel.
Mica Creek was originally coal-fired, with conversion to natural gas completed in 2000.
The same pump-generators that pump the water to Doyo reverse and generate electricity when it is sent back down.
Catawba utilizes a pair of Westinghouse four-loop pressurized water reactors.
It was opened to navigation 14 September 1937.
At full build-out, Mount Signal Solar will be one of the world's largest PV solar farms with a capacity of up to 800 MW.
The electricity is then transmitted to camp by a submarine cable running under Jervis Inlet at a high voltage to reduce losses.
The reactors at the plant are the now obsolete RBMK type, the same type used at the Chernobyl Nuclear Power Plant.
Its primary purpose is to provide water for irrigation in Xorazm, Karakalpakstan and Daşoguz regions of Uzbekistan, Turkmenistan and as far north as Kazakhstan.
Furthermore, a power station is located adjacent to refinery, that produces about 1350 MW of power.
The Repulse Power Station is a conventional hydroelectric power station located in the Central Highlands region of Tasmania, Australia.
The tallest dam in Japan is the 186 m high Kurobe Dam.
The water level in the canal is maintained by the Gharraf Head Regulator, which was constructed at the same time as the Kut Barrage.
The installation will be in the Ialomiţa County in south-eastern Romania.
Muskingum River Power Plant is a major coal-fired power station, owned and operated by American Electric Power.
In June 2008, the U.S. Nuclear Regulatory Commission approved a request to increase the generating capacity of units 1 and 2 by approximately 4.5% each.
Khandip Dam is a weir which is built on the Ganbhir River at Khandip Village of Rajasthan, India.
Another period of impounding began on 3 November 2014 and finished on 3 January 2015.
The following is a partial list of dams and reservoirs in Botswana.
In 2006, the Lori 1 generated only 2.6 GWh of electricity.
The structure of the Prakasam Barrage stretches 1223.5 m across the Krishna River connecting Krishna and Guntur districts.
The name "Taltal" came from the indigenous word Thalthal, which means "night bird".
It is also the first project of the company to become operational.
The Dara Dam was a Roman arch dam at Dara in Mesopotamia, a rare pre-modern example of this dam type.
The Erfenis Dam is an earth-fill type dam located in the Free State province of South Africa, on the Vet River, near Theunissen.
This page shows the state-wise list of dams and reservoirs in India.
The largest dam by structural volume in the country is the Tokuyama Dam with 13,700,000 m3 of rock-fill.
Pragati-III Combined Cycle Power Plant is located at Bawana Delhi, India.
Mount Signal Solar is a 266-megawatt photovoltaic power station west of Calexico, California in the southern Imperial Valley, near the Mexican border.
East of the dam the river was crowded into a narrow bottom by the city's growth.
Wilton 10 was opened at the station in 2007, the UK's first ever large scale biomass only power station.
The Surgut-1 Power Station is a gas-fired power station located in Surgut, Russia.
Its retaining capacity is 6 million cubic meters of water at the outlet of Tourouvre lake.
The Tankeng Dam is a concrete-face rock-fill embankment dam on the Ou River located 24 km west of Qingtian, Zhejiang Province, China.
It uses 13 generators at an installed capacity of 2,525 megawatts.
This dam across the river Mutha created an attractive lake, now known as Khadakwasla Lake.
It is a combination of a masonry dam with a length of 1,849 metres and an earthen dam with a length of 220 metres.
The plant is expected to be commissioned in October 2016.
On January 30, 2009, Hamaoka-1 and Hamaoka-2 were permanently shut down.
Origin Energy developed the power station and the construction costs for the project were $780 million.
The former system generated enough electricity to meet the electrical requirements of 1.4 million people, equivalent to 80% of the population of Essex.
It is located between Fitzroy Falls Dam and Tallowa Dam.
The wind farm consists of two parts.
It is also a gateway to Medina, the second holiest place in Islam.
The photovoltaic solar facility was constructed in Buruthakanda, in the Hambantota District.
The Dağpazarı Wind Farm is a wind power plant consisting of 13 wind turbines situated in Dağpazarı village of Mut district in Mersin Province, southern Turkey.
It has 6 individual turbines, which will deliver up to 702 MW of power and generates 1.66 billion kilowatt-hours of electricity per year.
The Dagangshan Dam is an arch dam on the Dadu River near the village of Dagangshan in Sichuan Province, China.
The farm was officially opened on 23 September 2008, by the Portuguese Minister of Economy.
The plant is named after Orpheus, who is said to have lived in these lands.
Tokuyama also creates Japan's largest reservoir with a water volume of 660,000,000 m3.
The sole reliance on fuel oil proved to be an unfortunate decision in the light of the record increase in oil prices throughout the 1970s.
It is integrated into Kazakhstan's national electricity system and is used as a peak producer to regulate supply.
Unit 1 was a 46 MW coal-fired generation unit established 1955 and closed in 2006.
The Waubra wind farm and the community living around it was featured in the report.
Over the years the road that had been cut to permit construction of the dam fell into disrepair and ceased to exist.
Exeter Power Station is a former coal-fired power station on the River Exe quayside, Exeter, England.
The Quxue Dam is a rock-fill embankment dam currently under construction on the Shuoqu River in Dêrong County of Sichuan Province, China.
Gem County is a county in the U.S. state of Idaho.
The Rodney Power Station is a proposal for a natural gas fired combined cycle power station developed by Genesis Energy Limited.
Its annual production varies, averaging 917 GWh, but only 141 GWh in 2011.
The surface area of the lake covers 75 square kilometres of the now flooded Burragorang Valley.
At the 2011 census, Arundel had a population of 9,575.
The dam is in the steep Yuba River gorge known as the Narrows, holding back a 9-mile long lake with a surface area of 815 acres.
Parts of the city are within the borders of the Kurikoma Quasi-National Park.
The wind farm consists of 64 REpower MM92 wind turbines, giving a total installed capacity of 131 MW.
The Uryu Dam is a dam complex in Hokkaidō, Japan on the Uryu River.
The dam was constructed by a French firm by 1956 and creates Lake Mandraka.
It was purchased from E.ON in December 2005.
The Weiyuan Dam is a gravity dam on the Yalu River between China and North Korea.
Its area is 1,070 km2 and its volume is 8.8 km3.
The Murrum Silli Dam, also spelled Madam Silli and Mordem Silli, is an earth-fill embankment dam on the Sillari River, a tributary of the Mahanadi River.
However, as of November 2009, these plans have been postponed.
Local Ohariu Valley residents who opposed the development lodged an appeal to the Environment Court.
It was created by the Mansfield Hollow Dam and is entirely contained within Mansfield Hollow State Park and the Mansfield Hollow Wildlife Area.
The dam is named after Princess Chulabhorn Walailak, of Thailand.
The dam impounds the 5,470-acre Melton Hill Lake, and is the only TVA tributary dam serviced by a navigation lock.
The groundbreaking ceremony was in March 2007, but construction has been stalled, and there has been little activity at the dam site as of 2008.
It is located within the city limits of Fuentes de Andalucía in the province of Seville, Spain.
Bokani Dam, is an earthfill dam on local river near Udgir in state of Maharashtra in India.
The plant was commissioned in May 14, 2009 by the South Korean government.
Carolinas–Virginia Tube Reactor, also known as Parr Nuclear Station, was an experimental pressurized tube heavy water nuclear power reactor at Parr, South Carolina in Fairfield County.
The tallest dam in Japan is the 186 m high Kurobe Dam.
Some of the dams are listed below by prefecture.
The Bostalsee is a reservoir in the municipality of Nohfelden in the northern Saarland.
Adhala Dam, is an earthfill dam on Adhala river near Akole,Deothan, Ahmednagar district in state of Maharashtra in India.
The tallest dam in Japan is the 186 m high Kurobe Dam.
The image on Google Mape satellite view appears to be pixelated.
Crane, LLC, a subsidiary of Avenue Capital Group.
Cane Ridge NWR is reportedly the easternmost nesting ground for the bird in the U.S.
Tokuyama also creates Japan's largest reservoir with a water volume of 660,000,000 m3.
The railway to the site reopened in 1967.
The Mohawk flows into the Hudson in the Capital District, a few miles north of the city of Albany.
The dam is located at just over 34 miles above the mouth of the Watauga, a few miles upstream from Elizabethton, Tennessee.
The Fengshuba Dam is a concrete gravity dam on the Dong River in Longchuan County, Guangdong Province, China.
The tallest dam in Japan is the 186 m high Kurobe Dam.
It was built in two stages and consists of 4 units of 120 MW each and 2 units of 220 MW each.
This process allows the station to meet peak energy demand and it can go from standstill to operational in three minutes.
Edenderry Power Station is a large peat-fired power station near Edenderry, in the Republic of Ireland.
The facility is owned and operated by the Churchill Falls Labrador Corporation Limited, a joint venture between Nalcor Energy and Hydro-Québec.
The 52 m tall dam creates a reservoir with a storage capacity of 123,000,000 m3.
The dam was built on top of the ruins of the ancient city of Zeugma.
It serves also as reservoir for irrigation and domestic use.
New Cut groundwater was found to be contaminated from deposits of paint solvents.
Spencer Bridge carries the highway over the lake at about its midpoint.
The Gros-Morne Wind Farm is a large 211.5 megawatt wind farm comprising 141 1.5MW wind turbines that provides electricity to over 40,000 homes.
In 1941, the power plant was destroyed by leaving Soviet troops but was restored by 1948.
Construction on the dam began in 2008 and the first generator was commissioned in 2013.
Turbines are assembled by DCNS and installed by OpenHydro.
The scheme has a much smaller reservoir area) than the Lower Se San 2 site) and consequently a lesser environmental impact.
Punjab govt has also agreed to share electricity produced through the project.
a projected generation of almost 27 million kilowatt-hours
The Anglesea Power Station was a brown coal–powered thermal power station located at Anglesea, in Victoria, Australia.
Mogobane is a village in South-East District of Botswana.
The reservoir covers an area of 27.92 km2.
This increased the capacities of the plant from 19.2 MW and 250,000 tonnes of waste per year to its current levels.
The plant is located on the coast of Xinghua Bay, near Qianxue Village, Sanshan Town.
The southern part of Montserrado lies on the Atlantic Coast.
A small industry exists in the city including wood, iron and marble industry outside the city.
The reservoir created behind the dam, called Lake Atatürk Dam, is the third largest in Turkey.
At the end of 2008, the demolition works had been finished.
It is a peaking power plant, particularly constructed to cater for the growth in Victoria's summer electricity demand, and can be rapidly activated when required.
The toughest trio-forts in Sahydri namely Alang Fort, Madangad fort and Kulang gad located on the southern side.
Receiver has four evaporators and a super-heater.
Harni Dam, is an earthfill dam on local river near Tuljapur, Osmanabad district in the state of Maharashtra in India.
It is located in the Free State of Saxony in Eastern Germany.
The generating capacity of the power plant is 373 MW.
Loch Benevean is also dammed, with a tunnel taking water to the main power station of Fasnakyle, near Cannich.
The 125 m tall dam withholds a reservoir of 1,175,000,000 m3 and provides 848,000,000 m3 in flood storage.
Hınıs Başköy Dam is a dam in Turkey.
The construction of a dam on the upper Rio Fuerte was considered since the 1940s but the first detailed studies were not made until 1974–1977.
This river of the Middle Vaal System is a good place for fishing, especially the local Largemouth Yellowfish.
It was later decommissioned on 31 December 2012.
It is the first dam of the Oujiang River cascade to be constructed and creates the second largest lake in Zhejiang.
The largest dam by structural volume in the country is the Tokuyama Dam with 13,700,000 m3 of rock-fill.
Many of these problems were solved over time, and by 1996 the prototype was reaching its design operational goals.
Using the pumped-storage hydroelectric method, the power plant has an installed capacity of 1,016 megawatts.
It is the first commercial offshore wind farm in China.
The Belledune Generating Station is a 450 MW coal-fired electrical generating station located in the community of Belledune in Gloucester County, New Brunswick.
The Lower Se San 2 Dam is a hydroelectric dam under construction on the Se San River in Stung Treng Province, northeastern Cambodia.
Steenbras Dam – Upper is used for water storage and as the upper dam of the Steenbras pumped storage power station.
It started filling on May 9, 1958, 59 years ago, flooding the community of Robinette.
The largest dam by structural volume in the country is the Tokuyama Dam with 13,700,000 m3 of rock-fill.
Eildon Pondage has one turbo generator, with a total generating capacity of 4.5 megawatts of electricity.
Some of the dams are listed below by prefecture.
The city also contains one of Syria's principal marlstone quarries.
The Kpong Dam, also known as the Akuse Dam, is a hydroelectric power generating dam on the lower Volta River near Akuse in Ghana.
The hazard potential of the dam has been ranked high.
The Thorntonbank Wind Farm is an offshore wind farm, 30 km off the Belgian coast, in water ranging from 12 to 27 metres deep.
The Zangmu Dam is a gravity dam on the Yarlung Zangbo/Brahmaputra River 9 km northwest of Gyaca in the Tibet Autonomous Region of China.
Due to the northern location, the project includes anti-ice coated blades and estimation of production losses caused by icing.
There are no buildings of historical note, as the original purpose of the village was to solely provide utilitarian accommodation for the construction workers.
The reservoir covers 27 square miles and has approximately 500 miles of shoreline.
It formed part of the South African Army Infantry Formation as well as the South African Territorial Reserve.
The primary purpose of the dam is to supply water for the irrigation of 10,450 ha in Marivan County.
It is the only power plant on Orchid Island.
The Schuylkill was in operation until 1931 and was almost completely filled in the 1950s.
It is named after the politician and captain of the Spanish electricity industry José María de Oriol y Urquijo.
The dam is located in Kerala on the river Periyar, but is operated and maintained by Tamil Nadu state.
It has a capacity of 39.64 megawatt and an annual output of 36.5 GWh.
The plant, operated by the Tennessee Valley Authority, generated about nine billion kilowatt-hours of electricity a year.
The Jiudianxia Dam is a concrete-face rock-fill dam on the Tao River in Jonê County, Gansu Province, China.
The dam was constructed in 1941 for the primary purpose of trapping sediment derived from anticipated hydraulic mining operations in the Yuba River watershed.
The Hermitage Dam is a concrete gravity dam on the Wag Water River near Stony Hill in Saint Andrew Parish, Jamaica.
Water from the upper reservoir is sent to the 1,000 MW underground power station down near the lower reservoir through two 569.15–577.10 m long headrace/penstock pipes.
The farm is operated by Barrow Offshore Wind Limited, owned by Dong Energy.
Crevedia Solar Park, a large thin-film photovoltaic power system, is being built on a 10 ha plot of land near the Crevedia commune in Romania.
Korea Hydro & Nuclear Power owns the plant.
The term Desierto is used in this context in the archaic sense of “wild, sparsely populated area” rather than in reference to an arid environment.
Some masonry and concrete gravity dams have the dam axis curved to add stability through arch action.
Berrimah Power Station is located in Berrimah, an industrial suburb of Darwin, Northern Territory, Australia.
As a result, a further dam on the Mono River further downstream at Adjaralla is being constructed, starting in 2016.
The plant operates 8 units and has a total power generation capacity of 1700 MW.
The cost of electricity production is estimated at €0.12/kWh.
There have been mentions of this grid made within ASEAN meetings but no actions have been taken by any party.
The remaining thermal energy is used locally.
Jericho is described in the Hebrew Bible as the "City of Palm Trees".
The power station has an installed capacity of 75 megawatts.
The Eggebek Solar Park was Germany's largest photovoltaic power station when completed in August 2011, and one of the largest in the world.
The dam is located within the Gir Forest National Park and was completed in 1959 for irrigation purposes.
It has 214,000 photovoltaic panels, and cost 350 million Bulgarian lev.
Greater Gabbard is a 504 MW wind farm on sandbanks 23 kilometres off the coast of Suffolk in England at a cost of £1.5 billion.
This page lists all power stations in Uganda.
The highest natural dam, Usoi Dam 567 m in Tajikistan is higher than the highest existing man-made one.
Coal is supplied via a conveyor from Meandu Mine, which is 1.5 kilometres away and is also owned by Stanwell.
The Canning Dam and reservoir provide a major fresh water resource for the city of Perth, Western Australia.
It was India's first thermal power station, opened in 1920 by the erstwhile seventh Nizam of Hyderabad.
The name is taken to mean place of the Acacia trees in Zulu, though other meanings have been proposed.
Coleridge was the first major power station in which the state was involved.
The Douglas Point Nuclear Generating Station was Canada’s first full-scale nuclear power plant and the second CANDU pressurised heavy water reactor.
Big Cliff Reservoir, primarily known as Big Cliff Lake, has daily depth variations of up to 24 feet.
Plant Bowen is a coal-fired power station located just outside Euharlee, Georgia, United States, approximately 8.7 mi west-south-west from Cartersville.
In most cases the proposed reservoir would have extended upriver to Harpers Ferry, West Virginia.
It was established on the Ebana River, a tributary of the Abukuma River, 16 km west of the city office of Sukagawa City.
It was built in the early 1960s to the British Magnox design, and generated power from 1966 until it was decommissioned in 1998.
In 2000, the Syrdarya Energy Company, now part of Uzbekenergo, was created on the basis of the Syrdarya Power Plant.
A major flood in the Tigris in 1936 caused the building site to be flooded entirely and led to the temporary standstill of the construction works.
Widows Creek Power Plant was a major 1600-MWe coal-fired power station, 4.8 miles east of Stevenson, Alabama USA.
AC Energy Holdings Inc. is planning to increase the wind farms capacity to 81 MW by 2015.
Sücüllü Dam is a dam in Turkey.
Solarpark Meuro is a 166 megawatt photovoltaic power station located in Meuro and Schipkau, Germany.
The Calueque Dam in Calueque, Angola is under construction.
The power plant was completed and licensed to operate in December 1976, and operated safely for 33 years until shutdown in September 2009.
The project has experienced delays due to Kurdistan Workers' Party attacks on the construction site and equipment.
The largest dam by structural volume in the country is the Tokuyama Dam with 13,700,000 m3 of rock-fill.
The 969,600 acre foot reservoir is formed by New Bullards Bar Dam on the North Yuba River, a tributary of the Sacramento River.
The main source of water to the reservoir is from abstraction from the River Severn.
Part of this system is a heat feeder line commissioned in 1987.
The dam was completed in 1973 for several purposes.
The dam is used for flood control, a source of irrigation, and provides tap water to surrounding areas.
However, in 1983 the dam was rated "poor" under Safety Evaluation of Existing Dams criteria, due to continuing seepage, leading to an emergency drawdown.
The former oil-fired 360 MW Tilbury A Power Station operated from 1956 until 1981 when it was mothballed.
Eraring Power Station is a coal fired electricity power station with four 720 MW Toshiba steam driven turbo-alternators for a combined capacity of 2,880 MW.
It may not have reached from bank to bank.
It is the only power plant in Matsu Islands.
Morris Dam is a concrete gravity dam across the San Gabriel River in the U.S. state of California.
Cliff Quay Power Station was a coal-fired power station situated to the south of Ipswich, Suffolk in the East of England.
Designed and constructed by the United States Army Corps of Engineers, this dam substantially reduces flooding along the Ware, Chicopee, and Connecticut rivers.
Oyster Creek is one of four licensed nuclear power reactors in New Jersey.
A dam can also be used to collect water or for storage of water which can be evenly distributed between locations.
The present reactor operating license was issued April 17, 1987, and will expire September 29, 2026.
The power plant is owned by NTPC Limited.
The development was backed by the Turkish State Hydraulic Works.
From 1992 to 2007, it supplied thermal energy to the McDonnell Douglas and later Boeing aircraft parts plant.
Following a delay due to World War II, the earthen dam was built by the Bureau of Reclamation, and completed in 1948.
The Liuxihe Dam is an arch dam on the Liuxihe River near Conghua, in Guangdong Province, China.
The largest dam by structural volume in the country is the Tokuyama Dam with 13,700,000 m3 of rock-fill.
Boulder Solar 1 went online in mid-December, 2016.
A secondary purpose is flood control: the dam has never spilled floodwaters with the exception of the heavy snowmelt of 1984.
The project consists of 27 wind turbine generators grouped into three clusters with aggregate capacity of 54 megawatts.
Satpara Lake is a natural lake near Skardu, Gilgit-Baltistan, Pakistan, which supplies water to Skardu Valley.
Kand Dam is small earth core rock-fill dam under construction in North Waziristan Agency of FATA, Pakistan.
Lower Granite Dam is part of the Columbia River Basin system of dams.
The sand and gravel-fill dam is 48.5 m tall.
By developing a bankable framework this trendsetting project has paved the way for rapid and full scale development of Pakistan and AJ&K’s hydropower potential.
Below is a list of dams and reservoirs in Japan.
Unit 3 is a low emission station, which replaced the older Wabamun 4 station.
A saddle dam on the north side of the Mantosoa reservoir regulates water flow into the Mandraka River for the Mandraka Dam downstream.
The project is set to be completed on schedule in June 2017, i.e.
The installed capacity of the power plant might be expanded to 1,400 MW in the future.
Major tributaries of the Rio Grande are:
The project, as built, has a 92 metres rock fill dam and 718 metres long, called the Na Hang Dam.
Currently, the wind farm is the country's largest one.
Spioenkop Dam impounds the Tugela River in KwaZulu-Natal.
The American Diversion Dam is a diversion dam on the Rio Grande in El Paso, Texas.
The Government of Canada aided the Project with long term loans and grants.
It became operational in March 2006 and consists of five 1.5 MW turbines built by General Electric.
The dam was completed in 1967 and its 180 MW power station, Trebinje-1 Hydroelectric Power Station, was commissioned in 1968.
FPL expects the $476 million solar plant to reduce the combined-cycle power plant's natural gas consumption by 1.3 billion cubic feet per year.
Gökçe Dam is a dam in Turkey.
The Kale Dam, which also supports a hydroelectric power station, is located downstream.
The station has a maximum generating capacity of 4,025 megawatts.
It is in fact an electric rack railway.
The dam, 130m tall, was completed in 1985 and the reservoir was filled with water at full capacity in 1986.
It was established in 1992 and it serves mainly for irrigation.
Marshall is the second largest coal facility owned by Duke Energy in the Carolinas.
The impounded reservoir is called Talbingo Reservoir.
Dicle Dam is one of the 21 dams of the Southeastern Anatolia Project of Turkey.
In 2012, it was overtaken by California's 1,020 MW Alta Wind Energy Center.
Lake Columbia's overflow – the diverted Columbia River – drained first through Moses Coulee and as the ice dam grew, later through the Grand Coulee.
Located just upstream of Shasta Lake, it is a concrete arch-gravity structure and its powerhouse has a capacity of 110 megawatts.
A third binary unit rated at 2 MW is operational since April 2006.
The difference in elevation between both the upper and lower affords a hydraulic head of 495 metres.
These floods killed 128 people, displaced over 31,000 and caused about US$900 million in property damage.
Constructed in the 19th century, it is considered one of the oldest dams in India.
During times of low demand, water from the lower reservoir is then pumped back up to replenish upper reservoir.
The development was backed by the Turkish State Hydraulic Works.
Voëlvlei Dam is a dam in the Western Cape, South Africa.
Below is a list of dams and reservoirs in Japan.
There is also Chinese involvement in the nearby Saindak gold and copper mining project.
The rising water also would have covered Conowingo Bridge, the original U.S. Route 1 crossing, so it was demolished in 1927.
It is a hydroelectric dam of the Shikoku Electric Power Company.
San Jerónimo is a locality and municipal agency of San Martín de Hidalgo Municipality, Jalisco, Mexico.
Hydropower is the favoured energy option for the Mekong's riparian countries.
The project was developed by FRV and constructed by Gestamp Solar.
Work on the power house began in 1975.
It is the largest solar power station using photovoltaic technology in France.
Katakado Dam is a gravity dam on the Tadami River 5 km west of Aizubange in the Fukushima Prefecture of Japan.
The long-term average flow rate of the River Lee is 40.4 Cubic Metres per second
As a result of the damming, the Krasnoyarsk Reservoir was created.
The dam was named for Douglas Bluff, a cliff overlooking the dam site prior to construction.
The following page lists the power stations in Russia.
It is a gravity dam made of concrete, 54.6 meters in height.
It has 14 gates and a catchment area of 115,000,000 cubic metres.
The dam creates Lago di Vogorno 2 km upstream of Lake Maggiore and supports the 105 MW Verzasca Hydroelectric Power Station hydroelectric power station.
The hazard potential of the dam has been ranked high.
1 is the first plant to be built on the site, and employs four 260 MW pump/generator units, for a total net capacity of 1000 MW.
It has 33 wind turbines of 2 MW each, with a combined generating capacity of 66 MW of electricity.
It has a gross storage capacity of 2.3 billion cubic metres of flood storage) on the Gâm River.
The dam's generators provide power for public and private utilities in Nevada, Arizona, and California.
Feasibility study of reactors 3 and 4 was conducted by Kiev Institute Energoproekt.
Lake Overholser is a reservoir within the city limits of Oklahoma City, Oklahoma.
The J. Strom Thurmond Dam is located upstream from Augusta, Georgia.
Since August 1995 the power station is operated by Centrenergo.
It is owned and operated by the Cambodian government and has an estimated annual generation output of between 2.2-2.5 GWh.
Moreover, because of its arch shape, the force of the reservoir water presses downward against the dam which strengthens the dam foundation.
Preliminary construction on the dam began in September 2011 and the power plant is set to begin operations in 2018.
The Haba River Shankou Dam is a concrete-face rock-fill dam on the Haba River, a tributary of the Irtysh River.
Macquarie Generation was acquired by AGL Energy in September 2014.
On average, close to two billion cubic meters of water are added to the country’s water reserves annually.
In 1938, the dam nearly failed as a result of historic flooding, which led to the evacuation of hundreds of people in downstream towns.
It contains two 29.39 MW Francis turbine-generators for a total installed capacity of 58.78 MW.
Inspections in 1988 indicated a high risk of dam failure in an earthquake.
The station consists of four 350 MW and four 677 MW generating units, with auxiliary facilities.
The name of the town is derived from the Roman orator Marcus Tullius Cicero.
The development was backed by the Turkish State Hydraulic Works.
The plant had originally been scheduled to restart in April 2011, but the project encountered a number of delays.
It is capable of burning both natural gas and petroleum, but mostly burns natural gas.
It was often referred to informally as Canning Town Power Station.
Frozen Head State Park and Natural Area is a state park in Morgan County, Tennessee, in the southeastern United States.
The dam is used primarily for the generation of hydroelectricity with an installed capacity of 1,050 MW.
The Glendoe Hydro Scheme for the generation of hydro-electric power is located near Fort Augustus, above Loch Ness in the Highlands of Scotland.
In 2000s the generation units were upgraded by 10% increasing the installed capacity up to 2,640 MW.
Rayalaseema Thermal Power Station is located at Kadapa in Andhra Pradesh.
Originally the power plant was owned by the government, but was purchased in 1985 and has since been operated by Landsvirkjun.
A total of 11 dams along the border; seven in Şırnak Province and four in Hakkâri Province were implemented for this purpose.
The development was backed by the Turkish State Hydraulic Works.
It was constructed for hydroelectric power production and flood control.
Sultanköy Dam is a dam in Turkey.
The primary purpose of the dam is hydroelectric power production and it supplies a 1,500 megawatts underground power station with water.
Below is a list of dams and reservoirs in Japan.
Ownership of the dam and power plant is shared by Anchorage Municipal Light & Power, Chugach Electric and Matanuska Electric.
Concord Generating Station is a natural gas fired, electrical peaking power plant located in the town of Watertown in Jefferson County, Wisconsin.
HM Prison Forest Bank has since been built on the site.
Construction of the plant began in 1996 and was commissioned in June 1998, with a PPA of 20-years.
It is built by Devoll Hydropower, an Albanian company owned by Norwegian power company Statkraft.
It is the third dam upstream of the Iguazu Falls and was completed in 1979.
It lies on the west bank of the Mobile River, using it both for coal delivery as well as for cooling water.
MOX is used to recycle plutonium from nuclear fuel; this plutonium comes from the COGEMA La Hague site.
It first generated energy in July, 1999.
The wind farm will deliver up to 126 MW of power, enough to supply over 75,600 homes with a capital investment required of approximately US$150 million.
Esbjerg Power Station produces 2,405 GWh and 2,559 TJ heat per year and has approximately 100 employees.
Some of the dams are listed below by prefecture.
Badarpur Thermal Power Station is located at Badarpur area in NCT Delhi.
The farm consists of 110 Vestas V82 wind turbines, each rated at 1.65MW, for a total nameplate capacity of 181.5MW.
It consists of 36 Vestas V90-3MW wind turbines, each with nameplate capacity of 3 MW.
The development was backed by the Turkish State Hydraulic Works.
Because concerns of nuclear proliferation are greater with fuel containing plutonium, special precautions and added security were used around the new fuel.
Below is a list of dams and reservoirs in Japan.
This plant has two Westinghouse pressurized water reactors.
Two more reactors were added between 1983 and 1985.
Chenna Dam, is an earthfill dam on Chenna river near Gadchiroli in state of Maharashtra in India.
Te Uku Windfarm is controlled from Wellington where Meridian has its control center for running all there New Zealand Hydro and Wind generation assets.
Saigawa Dam is a dam in Nagano Prefecture, Japan on the Sai River.
Lake Agnococha is a lake in Peru located in the Huancavelica Region, Castrovirreyna Province, Santa Ana District.
It contains two 72 megawatt and one 81 megawatt Francis turbine-generators.
As of 2005, it was the largest public works project ever undertaken by Swaziland.
The 5th reactor is currently being dismantled.
Dhamni Dam, is an earthfill dam on Surya River near Dhamni, Thane district in the state of Maharashtra in India.
Its flue gas stack is 370 metres tall and the tallest free-standing structure in Russia outside the Moscow area.
Construction of the plant was approved by the Parliament of Greenland in 1990.
The John H. Kerr Dam currently produces over 426 GWh of electricity annually and has prevented over $385 million in flood damage since completion.
It was placed in SAFSTOR August 7, 1991.
It is located about 7 mi northwest of Saco and Biddeford.
The Dharasu Power Station is a run-of-the-river hydroelectric power station on the Bhagirathi River located at Dharasu in Uttarkashi district, Uttarakhand, India.
The station has provided for the site since opening in 1952, when it was operated by ICI.
The lock and dam was added to the National Register of Historic Places as the Starved Rock Lock and Dam Historic District in 2004.
The Yayangshan Dam is a concrete-face rock-fill dam on the Lixian River, bordering the counties of Ning'er and Mojiang in Yunnan Province, China.
Station was commissioned for exploitation in 1961 and reached its current capacity in 2007.
Cyprus has a total of 108 dams and reservoirs, with a total water storage capacity of about 330,000,000 m3.
The power station was formerly known as Centennial Drive binary.
55 km from Kolkata in the Purba Medinipur district.
It serves to provide water to a system of irrigation canals and generate hydroelectric power.
Tulshi dam, is an earthfill and gravity dam on Tulshi river in Mumbai near Mulund in the state of Maharashtra in India.
The dam is 660 feet long, 300 feet high and was built between 1924-27.
476 individual plants with a nominal power of 100 kWp, Suntech and Solaria modules.
It stood for almost 100 years before being replaced with the current dam.
Mandraka Dam is a gravity dam on the Mandraka River near Mandraka in the Analamanga Region of Madagascar.
Nearly a third of the dam's US$327 million cost was supplied by the African Development Bank.
Towards the northwest you will find Brandvlei Prison, which contains a hot spring with temperatures up to 45 °C, the hottest in South Africa.
When the facility entered service, it was the largest photovoltaic plant in the U.S. at 58 MW.
Its strategic location along the Missouri River made it a key fort in two lines of western frontier defense.
Battersea A Power Station was built in the 1930s, with Battersea B Power Station to the east in the 1950s.
Construction of the project began in May 1956 with completion in July 1958 at a cost of US$2 million.
Construction of the wind farm began in 2010.
According to the 2012 census, the municipality has a population of 252.
The largest dam by structural volume in the country is the Tokuyama Dam with 13,700,000 m3 of rock-fill.
The electricity and water produced at the plant is supplying power to southern grid and water to Abha, Jizan and other southern cities.
</ref> Westinghouse filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection on March 29, 2017.
The power plant had one of the tallest chimneys in the world, built in 1978.
The Saint Marys Falls Hydropower Plant is an 18-MW hydroelectric generating plant located in Sault Ste.
Plants using this technology now are under construction in Finland, France, and China.
The Krasnoyarsk Dam is a 124-metre high concrete gravity dam located on the Yenisey River about 30 kilometres upstream from Krasnoyarsk in Divnogorsk, Russia.
The third generating set, mobilising the full potential of the power station was not commissioned until 1999.
Downstream communities received proper warning and no one was killed.
The Government of Sri Lanka had agreed that, after the commissioning of this power station, no more coal-fired power stations will be commissioned in Sri Lanka.
The Oker Dam is a dam in the Harz mountains in Lower Saxony, Germany.
The power station will generation an estimated 2.007 billion kWh annually and consume 2.676 billion kWh when pumping.
Currently the dam supplies approximately 20 percent of Perth's fresh water.
The 2014 Wildflower Triathlon had to accommodate the extremely low water level by moving the swim portion two miles from where it is traditionally held.
It is situated beside estuary of the River Test where it meets Southampton Water, opposite the Port of Southampton.
It was constructed between 1963 and 1967.
In Portuguese, the dam is called the Usina Hidrelétrica de Xingó.
Terkos Dam is a lake-dam near the village of Durusu in the Çatalca district of Istanbul, Turkey.
Solar Philippines, a local company, developed the project which cost ₱5.7 billion.
Bavaria Solarpark, is a group of three photovoltaic power stations in different locations in Germany.
The owner and operator of the Oder Dam is the Harzwasserwerke.
O Chum 2 Hydropower Dam is located on O Chum River, in Banlung, Ratanakiri Province, Cambodia with an installed capacity 1 megawatt, 51 gigawatt-hours annually.
Fusina hydrogen power station is a hydrogen-fueled power station located in Fusina, near Venice in the Veneto region of Italy.
The following is a list of reservoirs and dams, arranged by continent and country.
Below is a list of dams and reservoirs in Japan.
It is a four unit, 100 MW each, natural gas or #2 fuel oil combustion turbine facility.
The primary purpose of the dam is to provide municipal water to nearby Kingston and Saint Andrew Parish.
It is situated by Zarechny in Sverdlovsk Oblast, Russia.
The dam construction was subject to controversies that have resulted in the removal of its funding by the Inter-American Development Bank.
On 8 September the spillway from the dam completely failed, causing much more widespread flooding.
It is located in Aizkraukle on the river Daugava.
In October 2012, 20 anti-nuclear Greenpeace activists scaled the outer perimeter fence, and there was also an incursion at Forsmark nuclear power plant.
Mutwanga Hydroelectric Power Station, also referred to as Mutwanga Hydropower Station, is a 9.4-megawatt hydroelectric power station in the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
It passes through the states of Maharashtra, Karnataka and Telangana.
The tallest dam in Japan is the 186 m high Kurobe Dam.
The Nishiki River system drains an area of 884.2 km².
Phase two of the Crookwell Wind Farm, planned to have an installed capacity of 92 MW, is under construction since 2009.
4127, to authorize construction of the Temperance Flat Dam.
It is also a major supplier of water to Kitakyūshū.
The construction of the power plant began in 2009 and was completed in 2011 at a total cost of 530 million Euros.
The power plant has an installed electric capacity of 400 MW and producing around 1.76 TWh of electricity per year.
The Springbok Solar Farm is a solar farm in the northwestern Mojave Desert, near California City in eastern Kern County, California.
The multi-purpose dam provides water for irrigation and hydroelectric power generation while its reservoir, Pantabangan Lake, affords flood control.
When energy demand is high, water from the upper reservoir is released and used to generate electricity before being discharged into the lower reservoir.
Wyambyn is a heritage-listed homestead at Tabragalba House Road, Tabragalba, Scenic Rim Region, Queensland, Australia.
Gemasolarfa is a concentrated solar power plant with a molten salt heat storage system.
The 60.8 MW Kinangop Wind Park project in Nyandarua County, Kenya.
Constructed between 1939 and 1943, it is today operated by the Harzwasserwerke company.
The Harding Street Station is a 12-unit, 1,196 MW nameplate capacity, gas-, and oil-fired generating station located at 3700 South Harding Street, Indianapolis.
Two large pipes, crossing the road, carrying water from a height of 1,000 metres to Đa Nhim lake to drive the turbines of the Hydropower Plant.
The Kachess River flows into the lake from the north, and out from the south, through the 1929 Easton Diversion Dam.
The installed capacity of the plant is 1,600 MW.
The project is the second installation of an EGSC and is the world's largest installed system of its kind.
The systems also feeds a CO2 purification and production plant having a 12-ton daily production capacity.
It is also visible from parts of Amherstburg and Colchester, Ontario as well as on the shore of Lake Erie in Ottawa County, Ohio.
The Monasavu Dam is a rock-fill embankment dam on the Nanuku River about 60 kilometres northwest of Suva in Naitasiri Province, Fiji.
The right bank of the lower Svir is occupied by the Nizhnesvirsky Nature Reserve, established in 1980.
It is located in Gaziantep Province, Turkey.
The Desert Sunlight Solar Farm is a 550 megawatt photovoltaic power station approximately six miles north of Desert Center, California, in the Mojave Desert.
The wind farm has a target capacity of 400 MW.
It is regarded as the best power plant in the region with an availability of 97% and above.
It is a popular weekend resort, with facilities for visitors.
The dam was constructed in record time, and on October 9, 1955, the then Chief Minister of Madras, Sri.
The Bui Dam is a 400-megawatt hydroelectric project in Ghana.
The Tsankov Kamak Hydroelectric Power Plant, also Tsankov Kamak HPP, comprises an arch dam and hydroelectric power plant in Tsankov Kamak, southwestern Bulgaria.
The drop in elevation between the upper and lower reservoir affords a hydraulic head of 239 metres.
The plant was built in 1923 by Byllesby Engineering and Management Corporation and the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers.
Nyumba ya Mungu Dam is a hydroelectric dam in Tanzania.
Oyala is a city that is being built to serve as the capital of Equatorial Guinea, replacing the city of Malabo.
Construction on the project began in May 2009 and the first generator was commissioned in April 2013, the last in December 2013.
It was constructed from 1956 to 1972 and supplies 6,000 MW of power, mostly used to supply the KrAZ.
The dam is located in Kerala on the river Periyar, but is operated and maintained by Tamil Nadu state.
Today aside from its original purposes the dam serves for recreation both above and below the structure.
The largest dam by structural volume in the country is the Tokuyama Dam with 13,700,000 m3 of rock-fill.
The KKS was based upon a light water reactor.
Its direction is mainly to the northwest.
The reservoir is also fed by the Stadterbach, Wilsbach, Weidbach and Meerbach.
Bullards Bar Reservoir is also used for outdoor recreation.
In 1983, Suffolk County determined that the county could not be safely evacuated in the event of a serious nuclear accident at the plant.
Spitskop Dam is an earth-fill type dam located on the Harts River in the Northern Cape Province north of the city of Kimberley in South Africa.
Also on the grounds of the facility is a 3,000-acre large man-made lake called Gibson Lake which is used as a cooling pond for the plant.
The plant underwent refurbishment in 2006 by having its steam generators, pressurizer, reactor vessel head, low pressure turbines and main transformer replaced.
The Shweli II and Shweli III Dams are planned downstream.
Two appeals against the consent were lodged and according to Windflow were resolved in principle by mid-2010.
Since this reduces the storage capacity of the dam, it is no longer used for flood control, but remains an important source of agricultural water.
It is owned by the Ameren Corporation and operated by subsidiary Ameren Missouri.
The dam and reservoir are a part of the Minidoka Project on the Snake River Plain and are used primarily for flood control, irrigation, and recreation.
Construction on the project began in 2005 and was completed in 2014.
It is located on the border between Cowlitz County and Clark County.
The more specific word for the actual dam is Staumauer and for the lake is Stausee.
Oregon Route 58 follows the lake's southern shore and Boundary Road the northern shore.
288,132 thin-film modules using cadmium telluride photovoltaics manufactured by U.S. company First Solar
Peechi-Vazhani Wildlife Sanctuary is a wildlife sanctuary headquartered in Peechi, Thrissur District of Kerala, India.
It is dumped into Belews Lake, a man-made lake created by Duke Power for cooling water purposes in the early 1970s.
Described as "New Temple of Resurgent India" by Jawaharlal Nehru, the first prime minister of India, the dam attracts tourists from all over India.
Currently the fuel in use is the remains of the decommissioned South African nuclear weapons.
It has a Francis turbine and operates at an installed capacity of 18.8 MW, with an average annual production of about 61 GWh.
The plant has an installed capacity of 4,400 MW.
It was first completed in 1929 but was rehabilitated or rebuilt on several occasions over its history.
Westermost Rough Wind Farm is an offshore wind farm 8 kilometres north east off Withernsea off the Holderness coast, in the North Sea, England.
The power house will contain three 46.6 MW Kaplan turbine-generators.
The disaster killed an estimated 171,000 people and 11 million people lost their homes.
The dam was constructed in 1968 with the primary purpose of recreation.
The development was backed by the Turkish State Hydraulic Works.
Construction of the dam began in 1961 and culminated in 1968.
Using the pumped-storage hydroelectric method, it has an installed capacity of 1,000 megawatts.
Located in Harbel, Margibi County, it is operated by the Firestone Plantations Company.
The Islamic Development Bank approves $220 million for Jamshoro Coal Power generation project.
Other uses include flood control, irrigation and fisheries.
Osa de la Vega Solar Plant is a 30 MW solar photovoltaic power plant located in the Province of Cuenca.
The first 2 units started operation on 24 June 1994 and the third unit was started on 16 June 1995.
The installed capacity is 124 MW with an annual production of 300 GWh.
The first concrete was poured for Fuqing 5 on 7 May 2015.
An upgrade began in July 2004 which saw a Titan ProAsh facility built to recapture 75% of fly ash produced by the generating station.
It was sold to Brookfield Power Co. in April 2008.
It is owned by Entergy Arkansas and operated by Entergy Nuclear.
Construction on the dam began in 1958 and was completed in 1964.
It is the second of three dams on the Drin River; the Fierza Hydroelectric Power Station upstream, and the Vau i Dejës Hydroelectric Power Station downstream.
Some of the dams are listed below by prefecture.
The Hantangang Dam is a gravity dam currently under construction on the Hantan River in Yeoncheon County, Gyeonggi Province, South Korea.
It has a capacity of 250 kilowatt.
A 8 MW small hydro CW discharge plant is under construction on discharge canal.
The flue gas stack of Rzeszow Power Station is 203 metres tall.
The power station consisted of fourteen Caterpillar 16CM32C generation units of 7.11 MW each, which consumed approximately 550 tonnes of fuel oil per day.
The installation will be in the Bihor County in central-western Romania.
Built in 1924, the Ōi Dam was the first dam built anywhere on the Kiso River system.
Site preparation at Ningde ran through 2007, with the first concrete for Ningde 1 poured in February 2008.
Access to the site is available from State Route 32 and State Route 19.
It is situated on the banks of the Mooirivier river"), roughly 120 km west-southwest of Johannesburg and 45 km east-northeast of Klerksdorp.
Completing the remaining 500 MW will depend on finding a buyer for the electricity.
The dam has a rated capacity of 1,040 megawatts and annually generates over 4 million megawatt-hours.
It was named after the nearby city of Ignalina.
Prior to the construction of the Myponga Water Treatment Plant in 1993, water from Myponga was used to supplement that of Happy Valley Reservoir.
The reservoir has a capacity of 15,000,000 m3.
Construction on the dam began in 1973 and it was completed and operational by 1978.
The dam is 203 metres high, making it one of the highest in the country, and has a reservoir capacity of 3,340,000,000 m3.
Gisagara Thermal Power Station is a 80 MW, peat-fired thermal power plant, planned for Gisagara District, in the Southern Province of Rwanda.
Kenzo Yokoyama, Japanese football player and coach
The nuclear power plant is named after a ferry that operated at the site until the middle of the 20th century.
Of that capacity, 6,200,000 m3 is used to produce electricity at the power plant.
The Hawi wind farm was the first utility scaled wind farm built in Hawaii, quickly followed by the Kaheawa Wind Farm built later in 2006.
The station consisted of three generating units with a combined total rating of 2028 megawatts.
The Irkutsk Hydroelectric Power Station is a rock-fill dam on the Angara River with an adjacent hydroelectric power station.
The lower reservoir is created by a 22 m tall and 773 m long earth-fill dam on the Pan Wen River.
The station generates "up to 450 megawatts of electricity every year for the Pittsburgh area."
The Guandi Dam is a gravity dam on the Yalong River, a tributary of the Yangtze River in Sichuan Province Southwest of China.
The hill is named after Banasura, a mythical character of Indian legends.
It was established in 1959 and its primary purpose is for municipal and industrial usage.
The Nishiki is the main river in a larger system measuring 331.8 km in total.
It opened in 1929 as the first power station in the region and was the first public electricity supply in Golden Bay.
Ramgarh Gas Thermal Power Station commonly abbreviated as RGTPP is a gas-based thermal power plant located at Ramgarh in Jaisalmer district, Rajasthan.
Flaming Gorge Reservoir is the largest reservoir in Wyoming, on the Green River, impounded behind the Flaming Gorge Dam.
The Afourer Pumped Storage Station is a pumped storage hydroelectric scheme located in the hills above Afourer of Azilal Province, Morocco.
The Ivanpah Solar Electric Generating System is a concentrated solar thermal plant in the Mojave Desert.
The tallest dam in Japan is the 186 m high Kurobe Dam.
Karnali, also called Ghaghara is a perennial trans-boundary river originating on the Tibetan Plateau near Lake Mansarovar.
On 2012-10-31 Xinhua announced that the CEFR has passed official checks.
Alcona Dam Pond is a lake located in Alcona County in the U.S. state of Michigan.
First Wind spent about US$30 million with Utah-based businesses developing and building the first phase of the project.
The primary purpose of the dam is the supply of potable water for the Brisbane and Ipswich regions.
The construction cost of the plant was 84 million euros.
The Barakah nuclear power plant is United Arab Emirates's first nuclear power station.
It supplies Puget Sound Energy via a Power Supply Agreement contract.
Conservation groups abhorred the threatened flooding of the Yukon Flats, a large area of wetlands that provides a critical breeding ground for millions of waterfowl.
Hydropower is often used in conjunction with dams to generate electricity.
It is the fourth dam in the Dnieper cascade.
It is 113 m tall and it creates a 370,000,000 m3 reservoir of which 35,000,000 m3 is active for power generation.
The investment cost for the Borş solar park amounts to some Euro 5 million.
The expansion plan was abandoned in August 2014 due to a number of factors.
Demolition was ongoing as of November 2014.
The dam was built between 1973 and 1986.
Construction on the dam began in 1971 and it was completed in 1977.
Killingholme B opened in 1993 and is owned by Uniper.
The Hjartdøla Power Station is a hydroelectric power station located in Hjartdal, Telemark, Norway.
The power station is located in Alta Municipality, just north of the border with Kautokeino Municipality.
It was named after Harllee Branch Jr., president of Georgia Power.
The noble Rais Ali Delvari eventually was attacked from behind by a traitor and martyred on September 2, 1915, when he was 33
A dam is a barrier that stops or restricts the flow of water or underground streams.
The project was developed by Mahagenco in Shivajinagar in Sakri taluka of Dhule district in Maharashtra, India.
It is the major energy provider for the Zagłębie Dąbrowskie.
About 189,000,000 m3 can be transferred annually for the irrigation of 310 km2.
A third reservoir, in between the two at an intermediate elevation is formed by the Tominaga Dam.
The power station is expected to be commissioned in 2019.
The coal for Callide comes from the nearby Callide Coalfields and water from the Awoonga dam and Stag Creek Pipeline.
Visaginas Nuclear Power Plant is a planned nuclear power plant project in Lithuania.
Neighboring the plant is a Duke-owned, publicly accessible access point to the Wabash River near a small island that acts as a wildlife preserve.
The park is the largest PV project in Italy, and among the largest in Europe.
Damming of the lake to create a reservoir began in 1958 and continued until 1962.
In 1938, the level of the dam was raised, increasing the volume of the artificial lake to 200 million m³.
The LCRA broke ground in April 2012 on the plant to replace the existing single-unit natural gas fired 420 megawatt turbine completed in 1974.
Steam from the plant is used to supply the Potash Corp Cory Mine.
In December of that same year, the remaining reactor was shut down and the decommissioning process started.
The dam provides Bamako, Kati, Koulikoro, Ségou, Fana, Dioïla, Yanfolila and Kalana with electricity.
The difference in elevation between the lake and power station is about 490 metres.
Wairakei lies in the Taupo Volcanic Zone.
Shizunai River is a river in Shinhidaka, Hokkaidō, Japan.
Construction on the dam began in 2003 and its power station was commissioned in 2008.
And according to World Energy Statistics 2011, published by IEA, Pakistan's per capita electricity consumption is one-sixth of the World Average.
The 5.2 MW CHP plant uses natural gas to power 2 Caterpillar G3612 natural gas driven reciprocating engine generator.
Primarily a retirement and vacation center, Bull Shoals is bordered in three directions by the clear, deep, man-made Bull Shoals Lake.
Units 1, 2, and 3, rated at 253.4, 471, and 574.3 MWe, were launched into operation in 1967, 1969, and 1977 respectively.
The largest dam by structural volume in the country is the Tokuyama Dam with 13,700,000 m3 of rock-fill.
Construction began in 1996 and the first generators were commissioned in 2004 and the last in 2005.
Access is via a personnel lock measuring 3 feet 6 inches by 7 feet 8 inches.
It generates 140 megawatts of power for the Luzon grid that will supply cheap electricity to millions of people in Luzon including Metro Manila.
Completion was originally expected in June 2013, but has been delayed as no buyer for the electricity has been established.
The facility is located in Shandong Province, and is operated by China Huadian Corporation.
Mississauga Cogeneration Plant is a natural gas power station partially owned by TransAlta and located within Toronto Pearson International Airport.
The dam was constructed by a French firm in 1956.
It provides heat and power to Mytishchi, as well as to Northern and North-Eastern Administrative Okrugs of Moscow.
Water from the upper reservoir is sent to the 1,200 MW underground power station down near the lower reservoir through four 850 m long headrace/penstock pipes.
The development was backed by the Turkish State Hydraulic Works.
The list of dams and reservoirs in Afghanistan are listed below.
Plant Harllee Branch was a coal-fired power station located in southeastern Putnam County, just southeast of Eatonton, Georgia, USA.
        
Big Cliff Dam is a concrete gravity dam on the North Santiam River in the western part of the U.S. state of Oregon.
The project, which will supply electricity and water, was started in 1983 and resumed in 2002 after being at a standstill for a period of time.
It was created for the primary purpose of irrigation but also supports an 11 MW hydroelectric power station.
The Cordemais Power Station is the largest thermal power station in France.
The dam is 268 metres long and 4.5 metres thick at the crest, while it is 30 metres long and 36 metres thick at the base.
Not to be confused with Tillari Dam situated close by.
Below the left intermediate opening are two bottom sluices.
It cuts through the Himalayas in Nepal and joins the Sharda River at Brahmaghat in India.
The Mühleberg Nuclear Power Plant is located in the Mühleberg municipality in the north of the village of Mühleberg and near a hydroelectric plant.
NPD was owned by AECL and operated by Ontario Hydro.
It is located north of the town Jvari.
The dam is located in the Idaho Panhandle, just west of the Montana border.
Woolnorth Wind Farm is a wind power development, comprising two wind farms, at the Woolnorth property at Woolnorth, in the far north-west of Tasmania, Australia.
John W. Flannagan Dam is a flood control dam located in the Cumberland Mountains of Dickenson County, Virginia.
Yangbuk-myeon and Gampo-eup was designated an industrial infrastructure development zone in 1976.
Gibraltar Dam is located on the Santa Ynez River, in Santa Barbara County, California, in the United States.
The tallest dam in Japan is the 186 m high Kurobe Dam.
The dam mainly serves for municipal and industrial purposes and its hazard potentials has been ranked high.
Hinachi Dam is a dam in Nabari, Mie Prefecture, Japan, completed in 1998.
It is part of the Thal Project which helps irrigate 770,000 ha in the Sindh Sagar Doab east of the Indus.
The impounded reservoir is called Lake Kurwongbah.
Gölmarmara Dam is a dam in Turkey.
The largest dam by structural volume in the country is the Tokuyama Dam with 13,700,000 m3 of rock-fill.
