Spanish courts subsequently refused her extradition to Argentina.
Robert Guéï was the military ruler of the Ivory Coast from December 24, 1999 to October 26, 2000.
He was the first President of the independent Zambia.
Previously, he served as a Governor of Yap and a senator during the Trust Territory period.
He is currently serving his second term as the Secretary General of Gas Exporting Countries Forum.
He also served for a time as Mayor of Ulaanbaatar, the capital.
William Perry "Bill" Clements, Jr. was an American businessman, university executive, and politician from Texas.
Mehdi Karroubi is an Iranian Shia cleric and reformist politician leading the National Trust Party.
Eventually, a final peace treaty would grant most of the Chaco to Paraguay, reducing Bolivia's territory considerably.
Lamothe was then appointed as provisional president.
José María Moncada Tapia was the President of Nicaragua from 1 January 1929 to 1 January 1933.
Bennett, although some referred to him either affectionately or mockingly as "Wacky" Bennett.
When he was sworn into office in 1969, it marked the first peaceful transfer of power from one party to another in Venezuela's history.
María Estela Martínez Cartas de Perón, better known as Isabel Martínez de Perón or Isabel Perón, served as President of Argentina from 1974 to 1976.
He assumed the presidency in 1909 following the death of President Afonso Pena and served until 1910.
Henderson was not re-elected as Lancaster County Commissioner on November 7, 2007.
He was elected in 1946, in Hungary's first democratic election.
He served as the fourth, seventh, eighth, tenth, and eleventh President of the Provisional Government of the Republic of Korea in exile in Shanghai, China.
He was one of the chief architects of Hungary's involvement in World War II.
After the war Gabrielsen became a cabinet member and led the early reconstruction efforts in the northernmost parts of Norway.
He served a short term as a 24th Prime Minister of Syria in 1949 and was executed after a coup d'état overthrew his government.
This TEDx Talk  explains his impact investment thesis.
Colin Melville Genge was a politician, contractor and business man from Alberta, Canada.
Nicolae Văcăroiu is a Romanian politician, member of the Social Democratic Party, who served as Prime Minister between 1992 and 1996.
In foreign affairs, Carter strongly emphasized human rights throughout his career.
Philippe Germain is a French politician who currently serves as President of the Government of New Caledonia.
The Parchamite faction found itself under significant pressure by the Khalqists soon after taking power.
Charles Cameron Kingston, PC was an Australian politician.
Francisco Bernabé Madero was an Argentine lawyer and politician.
In polls of historians and political scientists, Carter is usually ranked as a below-average president.
The State Law and Order Restoration Council was established shortly after by Gen Saw Maung who staged a coup on 18 September 1988.
Kouandété attempted to usurp to power again at dawn on 23 March 1972, but the convoluted plot was foiled and Kouandété was sentenced to death.
Federico Marcos del Rosario Errázuriz Zañartu was a Chilean political figure.
Smithe remained premier until he died in office in 1887.
Herbert W. Greenfield was a Canadian politician who served as the fourth Premier of Alberta from 1921 until 1925.
A new economic crisis began, and the opposing parties formed a political coalition that won the 1997 midterm elections and the 1999 presidential election.
Roberto Eduardo Viola was an Argentine military officer who briefly served as president of Argentina from March 29 to December 11, 1981 as a military dictatorship.
This no doubt gave him the incentive needed to run in the 1968 presidential election as a politically non-affiliated candidate.
He is married to wife Andre Batt, and has two daughters, Bailey and Kelly.
George Luther Hathaway was a politician in New Brunswick, Canada.
He was a member of Panachaikos Gymnastikos Syllogos, that merged in 1923 with Gymnastiki Etaireia Patron to become Panachaiki Gymnastiki Enosi.
José Antonio Ardanza Garro is a former Basque politician that became the second elected Lehendakari after the approval of the Statute of Autonomy.
This done, and with the triumph at the polls of the officialist candidate Hernando Siles, Guzmán left office in August 1926 and returned to relative obscurity.
He is a member of the Spanish Socialist Workers' Party and sat in the European Parliament for the Party of European Socialists group until 2009.
General Blanco died in Cochabamba in October, 1943.
From 1990 to 1993, he was Minister of Multiculturalism and Citizenship in the cabinets of Mulroney and his successor Kim Campbell.
Born on 26 January 1913, White was educated at the Westminster City School and the London School of Economics.
Vice-President John Tabinaman became Acting President following Kabui's death.
In the Croatian parliamentary election, 2000 he was elected into Sabor and served until the end of 2003.
Jaime Roldós Aguilera was 33rd President of Ecuador from August 10, 1979 until his death on May 24, 1981.
On the Prut, Kunicki's army was overtaken by the Tatars.
He entered the Law Faculty of the University of Thessaloniki in 1946, and received his degree in 1950, after which he practised law in Thessaloniki.
It is now considered a step in what became the state's "Dirty War against political dissidents under the military dictatorship that overthrew Isabel Peron.
He loves chaos and commonly plants ideas into peoples heads to make them cause worldwide chaos and war or destruction.
Katsav resigned the presidency in 2007 as part of a plea bargain.
Radoman Božović is a Serbian politician and former Prime Minister of Serbia.
Mobutu established a one-party state in which all power was concentrated in his hands.
He graduated from the University of Belgrade Faculty of Technology and worked in the rubber factory "Rekord" in Rakovica.
Leo Ammy Falcam is a Micronesian political figure.
He had practiced law in Korea in the private practice and in the government sector as a prosecutor and a judge before joining the independence movement.
In 1951, he founded a political party, the Social Christian Party.
At that point, the labor leader left the party to form the Revolutionary Party of the National Left.
On March 7, 2017, Dr. Marah resigned as Governor in order to seek the nomination of the All People's Congress for the Presidential election of 2018.
He was an adept diplomat; participating as arbiter on the peace negotiations on the War of the Pacific between Chile, Perú and Bolivia.
Khan and his army were unable to capture the entire Kashmiri territory due to a resolution passed by the United Nations on August 13, 1948.
This formula won the elections, and Siles Reyes was sworn in August, 1926.
Akja Täjiýewna Nurberdiýewa is a Turkmen politician and current Chairman of the Assembly of Turkmenistan, in office since 2006.
He successfully supported the obscure candidate Néstor Kirchner against Menem, who sought a new presidential term.
In 1973 he enrolled in the Vilnius Civil Engineering Institute, completing his studies in 1978.
He was the author of several books and articles on economic affairs and political science.
I.B Kargbo is a close personal friend of president Ernest Bai Koroma and former president Ahmad Tejan Kabbah.
Iranian media also released footage on 29 September, showing Roknabadi's presence in Mina.
Freddy Eytan, is an Israeli diplomat, former ambassador, writer and journalist.
She won another easy re-election in the 2012 Parliamentary elections, with 69.15%.
Thomas Dufferin Pattullo was the 22nd Premier of British Columbia, Canada from 1933 to 1941.
Deborah L. Wince-Smith is the President of the United States Council on Competitiveness.
His two-year administration, in the depths of the Great Depression, instituted public bidding on crown land and fishing rights.
He led the party into government in the 1908 provincial election.
Omirou was born in Paphos and studied law at the National and Kapodistrian University of Athens.
Miguel Angel Juárez Celman was President of Argentina from 12 October 1886 to 6 August 1890.
Born in Tapuá Grande, January 13, 1846.
He fought vehemently against the dictatorship of Ignacio de Veintemilla.
After office Sanfuentes retired from public life, devoting himself to family life with his wife in his estate, Camarico.
In June 2001, U.S. immigration agents questioned Mercado at his home in El Cajon to determine his legal status.
His son Dmitry married Inga Sechina, a daughter of Igor Sechin, on 22 November 2003.
Ezer Weizman  listen  was the seventh President of Israel, first elected in 1993 and re-elected in 1998.
Assunta "Tina" Meloni is a politician of San Marino.
Espen completed a BA in International Business at Bournemouth University and an Msc in Development Management at the London School of Economics.
He received the 1st Class, Grand Cordon of Order of the Rising Sun on 17 December 2012.
Ramos was re–elected in 1954 to the Federal Senate as a representative from Santa Catarina.
He also served briefly as Minister of Defense in 1991.
He has been CEO of Malavan F.C.
She was elected to the Académie française in November 2008.
Anders Nordström is a Swedish physician who served as Acting Director-General of the World Health Organization from 22 May 2006 to 8 November 2006.
He was later elected again in 2008.
He also served as President of the Football Association of Republika Srpska, and President of the Football Association of Bosnia and Herzegovina.
He also kicked 18 goals, including five in a win over Richmond at Punt Road, with team-mate Bob Skilton matching his tally.
While in Buea, he was appointed the Attorney General of the Southwest Region.
Later he was President of the Church Council of the Macedonian Evangelical Methodist Church.
Maciej Marian Giertych is a Polish dendrologist and social conservative politician of the League of Polish Families.
Naotake Satō was a Japanese diplomat and politician.
On 8 November 1976, MacLean was elected to the provincial legislature in a by-election.
He was President of Venezuela for three periods and member of the Conservative Centralist party.
The last name "Bográn" originally derived from the French surname "Beaugrand".
Indeed, he was the most charismatic and popular MNR leader other than Paz Estenssoro.
Temelkovski was captured and imprisoned during the invasion of Yugoslavia in early 1941.
One of them, Galo Plaza, was also president of Ecuador.
Minah was a member of the Mende ethnic group.
He was eventually assassinated while in exile in Paraguay.
He resigned as premier in 2008, after losing the support of caucus, and left parliament shortly after, triggering a by-election.
Prior to his presidency he served as Federal Minister for Agriculture.
Born in Maryland, in the United States, his family emigrated to Liberia in 1835.
Back in Afghanistan he became an associate of Abdul Rashid Dostum, and helped remove the Najibullah government from power.
In 1973 he became President of the provincial committee of the UCR and was elected to the Argentine Chamber of Deputies.
Nordström worked with the Swedish Red Cross in Cambodia and the International Committee of the Red Cross in Iran.
He was Minister of Education from 1970 to 1974 and Minister of Foreign Affairs from 1995 to 1996.
In 1962, Manning appointed him to his cabinet as Minister of Agriculture, a position he held until 1967 when he was appointed Minister of Municipal Affairs.
Song Jin-woo was a Korean journalist, politician, independence activist, and social activist.
Rubén González Cárdenas was a lawyer with an intense early political life in his native State of Táchira between 1899 and 1908.
He was the father of Thomas Dodge, who served as Tribal Council chairman from 1932 until 1936, and activist Annie Dodge Wauneka.
He is widely regarded as a strongman who fought for nationalism and encouraged Guyanese to manufacture and export more local products.
In historical rankings of the U.S. presidents, Harding is often rated among the worst.
He was elected to the Legislative Assembly of Ontario in 1971 as a Progressive Conservative member of the central Ontario riding of Muskoka.
He is credited with transforming the war-torn country of Mozambique into one of the most successful African democracies.
He started the first tourist and sightseeing business in the 1970s, and in 1984 opened Palau Pacific Resort, Palau's most luxurious beach resort.
Sándor Wekerle was a Hungarian politician who served three times as prime minister.
He was also the president of Galatasaray S.K.
A member of the Radical Party, he was chosen as the Popular Front's candidate for the 1938 presidential election, and was triumphally elected.
Kálmán Darányi de Pusztaszentgyörgy et Tetétlen was a Hungarian politician who served as Prime Minister of Hungary from 1936 to 1938.
He was first a Senior Associate with Fenech and Fenech Advocates before setting up his private practice.
Until his appointment as Minister, he was a regular columnist in his own newspaper.
Massat is a lawyer who has previously served as Bougainville's police minister.
Despite high expectations in the beginning, his presidency encountered strong opposition from the conservative Grand National Party and media.
Prior to the Pentarchy, General Alberto Herrera and Carlos Manuel de Céspedes y Quesada served as President of Cuba.
He had a significant role in the development of journalism in post-revolution Iran.
After the death of grand ayatollah Borujerdi in 1961, Milani together with ayatollahs Shariatmadari and Khomeini was one of Iran's leading Shiite ayatollahs.
Cenci was elected to the Grand and General Council on the Freedom List.
Then, by means of controversial manouvres, Yaméogo eliminated all parliamentary opposition.
Francisco Javier Martínez de Zaldúa y Racines was a Colombian, lawyer and politician, elected President of Colombia in 1882.
He was brother of president Bautista Saavedra.
He was born at Tabriz, 30 March 1880 and educated by private tutors.
Heinrich Mark was an Estonian politician and Prime Minister of the Estonian Government in Exile.
He subsequently specialized in commercial and employment law and made several visits to the United States, where he studied theology to become a Methodist lay minister.
Eva Perón has become a part of international popular culture, most famously as the subject of the musical Evita.
He remained at the forefront of Third Yugoslavia until 1997, though it was generally understood he was a puppet for Serbian president Slobodan Milošević.
Dato' Seri Harun bin Haji Idris was a Malaysian politician and the 8th Menteri Besar of Selangor.
He was a member of the Imreffy family of old origin.
In the government of dictator Jorge Ubico, Ydígoras served as a Colonel in the army, and also as the governor of the province of San Marcos.
Born and raised in the capital Freetown, S.B.B.
Ren Jianxin is a retired Chinese lawyer, judge, and politician.
He was captured and overthrown on 9 September 1990.
Alkhanov is a career police officer who fought within the ranks of the Russian Armed Forces during the First Chechen War.
Theodor Körner, Edler von Siegringen served as the fifth President of Austria, between 1951 and 1957.
He was the President of the Malaysian Senate from 2003 to 2009, and was the Chief Minister of the State of Perlis from 1986 to 1995.
On 10 November 2014, Mr. Cassam was appointed United Nations Secretary-General's Special Envoy and Head of the United Nations Electoral Observation Mission in Burundi
He returned to Spain in November 1881 and served as Captain General of Catalonia and Extremadura.
Although from Kountché's home village, Saibou is not a cousin.
won the UEFA Cup and the European Super Cup would join with four consecutive Turkish league titles.
He was born in Danlí in the department of El Paraíso to an influential family, son of Enrique López and Carlota Arellano.
His second marriage was to Elizabeth Napier D. Randolph in 1833.
Lee Teng-hui, sometimes called the "Democracy Mr. of Taiwan", is a Taiwanese politician.
The first presidency of Carlos Andrés Pérez coincided with the oil boom of 1974, which saw Venezuela's economy explode.
Also in 1989, the European Parliament awarded Dubček the Sakharov Prize for Freedom of Thought.
Colonel Alfredo Enrique Peralta Azurdia was President of Guatemala from 31 March 1963 to 1 July 1966.
A fervent admirer of Britain and the Empire, Welensky described himself as "half Jewish, half Afrikaner [and] 100% British".
Manuel Antonio Noriega Moreno was a Panamanian politician and military officer, and longtime CIA informant.
Thus, he strongly opposed the idea of monarchy.
One is Mengal's and the other is Hamal Kalmati, who represents Gwadar.
He became president after the overthrow of Rafael Franco.
His appointment by the President of Russia was approved by the parliament of Dagestan on February 10, 2010.
The Lieutenant-Governor deposed Boucher de Boucherville, and called on the Leader of the Opposition, Henri-Gustave Joly de Lotbinière, to form a government.
Janez Stanovnik is a Slovenian economist, politician, and former partisan.
Despite his wish, after his death, the widely respected Tun was honored by a state funeral, attended by a large crowd.
He was considered one of Hồ Chí Minh's closest lieutenants.
Pelagio Baltasar Luna was an Argentine politician of the Radical Civic Union.
Joe Shirley Jr. is an American Navajo politician who was elected President of the Navajo Nation in November 2002 and served until January 2011.
Ahomadégbé became President as part of a system that rotated the office between three leading political figures: Ahomadégbé, Hubert Maga, and Sourou-Migan Apithy.
Weizmann convinced the United States government to recognize the newly formed state of Israel.
He served as President of the Federal Republic of Germany from 1979 to 1984.
She was born in Kerman, and from the earlier years of Iran's Islamic Revolution she started cultural and political works.
Stastny is the second highest scorer of the 1980s after Wayne Gretzky.
Manuel Marín González is a Spanish politician, former President of the Congress of Deputies of Spain.
From 1944 he was a member of the Central Committee of the Polish Workers' Party and a deputy in the State National Council.
International pressure forced Kaunda to change the rules that had kept him in power.
His time as hetman was characterized by his generally pro-Polish policies, which led to his defeat by pro-Russian faction among the Cossacks.
Bundu represents Constituency fifty one that comprises Dibia chiefdom, in Port Loko District in the Sierra Leone House of Parliament.
He was first elected Navajo Tribal Chairman in 1970.
From the Ariège department, Bel is a member of the Socialist Party; he was elected to the Senate in September 1998 and re-elected in September 2008.
Ydígoras later agreed to help Castillo Armas in his own coup attempt, a fact which came to the attention of the Árbenz government before it fell.
He is remembered as an honest, decent man who lacked the political skills of his predecessor, Ernest Manning, or of Lougheed.
She was also the first Chief Executive Officer of the Canada Health Infoway Inc and Chief Information Officer for the federal government from 1998 to 2000.
He succeeded Chiang Kai-shek as President of the Republic of China upon Chiang's death on April 5, 1975.
Eduardo Nicanor Frei Montalva was a Chilean political leader.
Ismael became the third Vice President of the Federated States of Micronesia in May 1987, a position he held until 1991.
He remained in the legislature until 1896 when he accepted an appointment to the bench as a member of the province's Supreme Court.
During his term as President he established diplomatic relations with the United Kingdom, the United States, the Federal Republic of Central America, and Gran Colombia.
The son-in-law of former politician Jabez Coon, he served in that position until he retired from parliament in 1973.
Bacharuddin Jusuf Habibie is an Indonesian engineer who was President of Indonesia from 1998 to 1999.
In this function he was spent only one year, and in 1993 became the Chairman of the Executive Council of Vojvodina.
As Premier, Strom undertook a number of initiatives, especially in education and youth-related fields, but was politically ineffective.
Between 1981 and 1984 he was imprisoned, and he later stood as an independent candidate in the 1992 presidential election, gaining 2.9% of the vote.
He exercised presidential power between April and August 1884, due to the delay of Rafael Nuñez assuming power.
His former home in Shediac, New Brunswick is a registered historic place.
Ahn Changho, sometimes An Chang-ho was a Korean independence activist and one of the early leaders of the Korean-American immigrant community in the United States.
He was president of the Argentine Confederation from 1854 to 1860.
Benjamin was the chairman of the Council of State Secretaries in 1992.
Fernando de Melo Viana was a Brazilian politician who was Vice President of Brazil from November 15, 1926 to October 24, 1930 under Washington Luís.
He died on 4 February 1971, in Veterans' Hospital, Victoria, British Columbia, after a series of strokes.
He will begin his presidency on 1 January 2018.
He won the 1991 general election and formed a coalition with the Social Democratic Populist Party, assuming his fifth and final term as Prime Minister.
The UDV-RDA was purged of his enemies and he imposed a one party system.
He served as President of Greece between 18 December 1974 and 19 July 1975.
Torrelio was replaced by the Junta of Commanders of the Armed Forces.
The company designs, manufactures, distributes and sells jewellery and watches.
Ertuğrul Günay was the Minister of Culture and Tourism of Turkey.
In 1966 he was awarded the Grand Cross of The Royal Norwegian Order of St. Olav with Collar, and in 1969 the Pierre de Coubertin medal.
Following the President's death, the more conservative and pro-oligarchic elements in the Bolivian reasserted themselves, concluding that reformism had gone entirely too far.
In 2002, Wasmosy was convicted of defrauding the Paraguayan state and was himself sentenced to four years in prison.
He died on January 25, 1907 of a heart attack during a dinner party in Fredericton, New Brunswick.
Born in Huehuetenango, Ríos Montt is one of the most controversial figures in Guatemala.
Affiliated to: Galatasaray Sports Club, TÜSİAD, İKV, İstanbul Ticaret Odası
The Congress of Tucumán approved the use of his flag as the national flag.
Some of the reports used for that contained wrong data that lowered the economic results of these lines.
He was born on September 6, 1924 to Yoruba parents from Ago-Iwoye, in present-day Ogun State in western Nigeria.
From 1907 he headed the Polish Group in the House of Lords, the higher chamber of the Austro-Hungarian parliament.
In 1902, Sheng and British diplomat James Mackay negotiated and signed the Sino-British "Mackay Treaty," which anticipated the abolition of extraterritoriality in China.
Mr. Adolf Ogi released a biography called "Dölf Ogi: Statesman and Sportsman".
He presided over major advancements in democratic reforms including his own re-election which marked the first direct presidential election for Taiwan.
He is a member of the National Council of the Slovak Republic and former Interior Minister of Slovakia.
He had previously been the country's Vice-President for three years.
Abdirahman Ahmed Ali Tuur was a Somali politician.
Belisario Betancur Cuartas is a former Colombian politician and the 26th President of Colombia from 1982 to 1986.
Decorated with the Order of the Bath and the Royal Victorian Chain, he was the 12th President of the Portuguese Republic between 1951 and 1958.
Akos Gurzo holds a degree in Communication and English.
He was born in Tehran to Prince Nosrat Dowleh Firouz in 1857, and died in November 1939 at the age of 82.
Yumjaagiin Tsedenbal was the leader of Mongolia from 1940 to 1984.
In 1936 and 1937 Caballero served as the Prime Minister of the Second Spanish Republic during the Spanish Civil War.
Very soon after, Montero accepted the presidential nomination for the upcoming elections.
Meidani is the 3rd to be elected President of Albania, after the first multi-party elections in 1991.
Anti-Russian elements in Ukraine from the 18th century onwards were derogatorily referred to as Mazepintsy.
In 1982, Khomeini survived one military coup attempt.
Asselineau was a member of the Rally for France and UMP before creating his own political party the Popular Republican Union.
James Pinckney Henderson was a United States and Republic of Texas lawyer, politician, soldier, and the first Governor of the State of Texas.
He served the judiciary in various positions in Poza Rica and Tuxpan in his home state and as a clerk at the federal Supreme Court.
He was imprisoned by the Spanish during the former campaign in Chiloé Island, but managed to escape and rejoin his army.
Brídín Uí Mhaolagáin was the 22nd president of the Camogie Association.
Kargbo, is a Sierra Leonean journalist and politician.
Kenneth also shares the same Navajo Nation council representation as Davis Filfred, in the Utah Section of the reservation.
From 1941 to 1957, he was Vietnam's second-ranked communist leader.
"The Republic, after the dissolution of the Federation, was inaugurated under a Conservative régime.
Mansur, who was the chairman of the Parana state legislature at the time, became governor when his predecessor, Governor Pedro Viriato Parigot, died in office.
His rule was somewhat milder than that of his father.
In 1925, he became Minister of Finance under Prime Minister Mohammad Ali Foroughi.
In 1861 attacks were strong, and even worse, a confrontational climate began to grow between the two countries.
He has also been in the forefront of promoting chess in schools in Russia and overseas.
He then studied at Yıldız Technical University and later at the University of Florida in the United States.
In foreign affairs, Roosevelt sought to uphold the Monroe Doctrine and establish the United States as a strong naval power.
After the Second World War, Farès was elected to municipal council and the general council of Algiers.
Ernesto Benedettini is a politician of San Marino.
Manuel de Sarratea,, was an Argentine diplomat, politician and soldier.
Vicente Ramón Guerrero Saldaña was one of the leading revolutionary generals of the Mexican War of Independence.
He was an active member of the resistance movement against the 1974 coup.
Ameen Didi was also the principal of Majeediyya School from 1946 to 1953.
Juan Domingo Perón was a junior officer in the coup.
Francisco José Orlich Bolmarcich  is 34th President of Costa Rica from 1962 to 1966.
Max-Peter Ratzel is a German law enforcement officer, and a former Director of Europol, the European Union law enforcement agency that handles criminal intelligence.
The 2005 midterm elections were a victory for Kirchner, and signaled the end of Duhalde's supremacy in Buenos Aires Province.
Ezequiel Hurtado Hurtado was a politician, military general and statesman who became President of Colombia.
Le Pen focuses on issues related to immigration to France, the European Union, traditional culture and values, law and order and France's high rate of unemployment.
In 1992 he returned to politics and became Deputy Prime Minister until 1995, responsible for trade and economics.
Stulginskis was Speaker of the Seimas 1926-1927.
Nagy documented his life and political career in The Struggle behind the Iron Curtain, published by MacMillan in 1948.
His assassination ignited ethnic tensions in the region and helped spark the Rwandan Genocide.
As a cardiac surgeon, he was best known for performing Pulmonary Thromboembolectomies.
He then studied law at the Universidad de Chile.
He was Vice-chairman of the PES group since 1989, except during his service as President of the European Parliament from 1994 to 1997.
He graduated from the Omsk State Veterinary Institute in 1961.
Samura Mathew Wilson Kamara is a Sierra Leonean economist who has been Minister of Foreign Affairs of Sierra Leone since 2012.
By 1776, Jefferson was one of the largest planters in Virginia.
His wife said that "he went with a smile on his face".
"CAP" launched a program of rapid modernization.
In 1987, he became a member of the Ford-UAW bargaining committee.
This nationalization would prove to be the first step toward the statism that would characterize Bolivian politics in subsequent decades.
On 10 May 2013, Ríos Montt was convicted of genocide and crimes against humanity, and was sentenced to 80 years imprisonment.
He had also been Treasurer and Attorney-General in the Price-Peake coalition government from 1905 to 1909.
Sierra Leone had two Vice Presidents, the First and Second.
He ran a duck farm and lived an ordinary life, sharing it through his blog.
Since 1964 Dr. Klepsch had been active at the European level.
Almost all of Lincoln's votes came from the Northern United States, as the Republicans held little appeal to voters in the Southern United States.
Hernán Siles Zuazo was a Bolivian politician who served as constitutionally elected president twice, from 1956 to 1960 and again from 1982 to 1985.
Alberto Natusch Busch was a Bolivian general and dictator of his country for a brief time in November 1979.
He shoots with Leica M cameras and lenses and his main subjects are Valletta, Street Photography and Documentary Photography.
The most obvious change was in the political arena.
Raif Dizdarević is a Bosnian politician who served as Yugoslavia's first Bosniak president.
José Tadeo Monagas Burgos was President of Venezuela 1847–1851 and 1855–1858, and a hero of the Venezuelan War of Independence.
in classics and a diploma in education from the University of Durham, UK, LL.B.
His 1918 UCR candidacy for the Corrientes governorship was defeated, and he joined the legal department of the Banco de la Nación Argentina.
During his term in office, inaugurated the railroad between Puerto Cabello and Valencia and an underwater cable with Europe.
In 1943, he founded the Venezuelan Democratic Party.
In 1948, Thivy was appointed as an official to represent India in Southeast Asia by the Nehru Government.
In the 1920 election, in which he could not succeed himself, he attempted to impose a virtually unknown, civilian politician, Ignacio Bonillas, as president of Mexico.
Dato' Seri Dr. Shahidan bin Kassim is a Malaysian politician.
Zalman Shazar was an Israeli politician, author and poet.
Bahij al-Khatib was a French-appointed Syrian Head of State from July 10, 1939 to September 16, 1941.
Davis Filfred is also a United States Marine Corps Veteran of the Persian Gulf War.
He led the government for seven years before becoming the 12th Lieutenant Governor of New Brunswick, holding that position until 1912.
He has graduated from the University of Belgrade Faculty of Civil Engineering.
As a public figure in Lithuania, he acted as a defender of human rights and civil liberties.
William Aberhart, also known as Bible Bill for his outspoken Baptist views, was a Canadian politician and the seventh Premier of Alberta.
"Collor" is a Portuguese adaptation of the German surname Koehler, from his maternal grandfather Lindolfo Leopoldo Boeckel Collor.
He became Liberia's first attorney general and later served in the National Legislature from 1855 to 1871.
Sir Noel was honoured with a knighthood and a Gold Bauhinia Star in 1999 by the British monarch and the Government of Hong Kong respectively.
Born in Hithadhoo, Addu Atoll, Afeef was an educated and well-respected individual from a family of notables.
Laws accredited to Mariur during his time served in Congress include the Marine Protection Act, Republic of Palau Copyright Act and Protected Areas Network Act.
He was elected WBSC president in May 2014, and is serving a 7-year term.
Following his military service, Einaudi was at the Woodrow Wilson International Center for Scholars.
From 2000 to 2008, Tošenovský served as governor of Moravian-Silesian Region.
Tamas Qalmykhambetuly Aitmukhambetov; is a Kazakh jurist who served as the first chairman of the supreme court of Kazakhstan.
He served as the president of Chile from 1906 to his death from a probable stroke in 1910.
He returned to Venezuela to practice medicine and surgery in 1825.
Trần Đức Lương was president of Vietnam from 1997 to 2006.
David Thomas Bronconnier is a Canadian politician, who served as the 35th Mayor of Calgary, Alberta.
For the next ten years, Phoumi alternated between living in the limestone caverns of Viengxay and leading various Pathet Lao delegations to international communist gatherings.
He was also a historian, co-founding the Society for the National Heritage of Iran.
Also, Khyber's attempts to reunite Khalq and Parcham cells within the military would have undermined Amin's power, according to communist sources.
He finally became one of the most successful presidents of the club.
Morteza Gholi Khan, Sani-ol Douleh of the Hedayat family, son of Ali Gholi Khan, was an Iranian politician and first chairman of the Iranian parliament.
He resigned the chair in 1962 to set up what became a lucrative private practice, but continued to train medical graduates from the university.
He obtained the Bachelor of Laws Degree from the University of London LLB in 1990.
Uribe's father, a close collaborator of the Medellín cartel, was killed by a guerrilla group during a 1983 kidnapping attempt.
Manuel José Joaquín del Corazón de Jesús Belgrano, usually referred to as Manuel Belgrano, was an Argentine economist, lawyer, politician, and military leader.
Seyedeh Khadijeh Aryan is an Iranian Scholar and currently the Vice President of the Iranian Counselling Association.
He was arrested by Yugoslav federal authorities on 31 March 2001 on suspicion of corruption, abuse of power, and embezzlement.
He was subsequently exiled to Costa Rica, but in 1889, shortly before his death, was allowed to return to Colombia.
He graduated from the University of Belgrade Faculty of Agriculture.
In 2014 she was ranked as the 30th most powerful woman in the world according to Forbes.
He is from Chinle, Arizona, and is Tódích'íi'nii, born for Tábaahá.
He graduated from the University of Sarajevo with a degree in agronomics.
The defeat marks one of the 2 biggest upset in Sarawak State election 2011.
Lungu was sworn in for his first full term on 13 September 2016.
José María Plácido Caamaño y Gómez-Cornejo was President of Ecuador 23 November 1883 to 1 July 1888.
Brian Thomas Burke was Labor premier of Western Australia from 25 February 1983 until his resignation on 25 February 1988.
During his tenure, the Spanish–American War began, which he assured the Spanish would be "short" and "decisive".
He also dismissed Abdulhady Hassan Taher, who was the founder of Petromin oils and had a major role in the Saudi oil history.
Muhammad Zuhair Masharqa was a Syrian politician who served as Vice President of Syria from 1984 to 2006.
He is married and has a son.
Over the years, he became popular among junior soldiers in the north and gained the contempt of those in the south.
Sabine Bergmann-Pohl is a German doctor and politician.
His funeral was held in La Paz.
Walter Ernst Paul Ulbricht was a German Communist politician.
Jon Michael Wefald is an American educator and served as the twelfth President of Kansas State University.
He favours state intervention in the economy.
He felt direct government relief payments would weaken moral character, undermine self-respect and discourage personal initiative.
Truman presided over an unexpected surge in economic prosperity as America sought readjustment after long years of depression and war.
He was educated in the Lao capital Vientiane, after which he joined the colonial civil service.
Levingston was born in San Luis Province, and graduated from the Colegio Militar de la Nación in 1941.
K. Prasanna Pandian also known as PP, is an artist, architect and an animator from Tamil Nadu in south India.
He was interim president of Guatemala in 1865 after the death of president for life, general Rafael Carrera.
He was exiled by Jefe Supremo Ignacio de Veintemilla and lived for a number of years in Peru and Chile.
He followed the path of his predecessor Eleazar López Contreras, and ruled the country's democratic transition process.
McNary Dam, McNary Field, McNary High School, and McNary Country Club in Oregon are named in his honor.
Marah was the public expenditure management adviser at the commonwealth secretariat in London, before he was appointed as chief of staff to president Ernest Bai Koroma.
Sebastián Lerdo de Tejada y Corral was a jurist and Liberal president of Mexico, succeeding Benito Juárez who died of a heart attack in July 1872.
Since then she has served in the National Council of the Slovak Republic as well as the European Parliament.
During his presidency, Endara abolished the Panamanian military and replaced it with a national police force.
Despite the events of 2010, in April 2012 Sweden appointed Nordström as the declared "world's first Global Health Ambassador".
However, a speech he gave during his trial resonated with a large section of the public that rose up in his defence.
In 1931 he became premier and tried to deal with the Great Depression without much success.
During his political life, he served as prime minister and general secretary of the Mongolian People's Party.
He was one of the well known political figures in Iraq.
He died of pneumonia after retiring from politics.
Bibi Khanum was a female from Najaf, Iraq.
Along with César Zumeta, Pedro Manuel Arcaya, Laureano Vallenilla Lanz, Victorino Márquez Bustillos, was one of the defenders of the dictatorship of Juan Vicente Gómez.
In 1957, he became Vice-President under the rule of President Carlos P. García, whom he defeated in the 1961 polls.
Rawlings and his party won with 58.3 percent of the vote, with outside observers declaring the voting to be "free and fair".
Charles Debbas was an Eastern Orthodox Lebanese political figure.
Josep Bargalló i Valls is a Catalan philologist.
However, the momentum in the economic gains made under his administration was briefly interrupted during the onset of the 1997 Asian Financial Crisis.
A street in Kraków's Old Town is named in his memory, while his monument stands in front of the City Hall.
Similar warrants soon followed from the courts of Spain, Portugal, Russia, Siam, Greece, Serbia, Belgium, Romania, Egypt, Albania, Monaco, and the House of Orleans.
He was the longest-lived Brazilian president, reaching 98 years of age.
His next check-up was scheduled for later in June, but he noted that the necessary trip to Australia was expensive as well.
Enrique Martínez was an Argentine lawyer and politician, governor of Córdoba Province Argentine Vice President during the second Hipólito Yrigoyen administration.
Beaven moved to British Columbia from Toronto, where he had been educated at Upper Canada College, because of the gold rush.
He led Rwanda's struggle for independence from Belgium, and replaced the Tutsi monarchy with a republican form of government.
He was Captain Regent of San Marino for the term from 1 April 2009 to October 2009 together with Massimo Cenci.
Homma commanded the Japanese 14th Army which invaded the Philippines and perpetrated the Bataan Death March.
As the United States became a great world power and then a superpower, the presidency acquired more war powers despite the Constitution.
After the adoption of the Constitution of 1824, Victoria was elected as the first President of the United Mexican States.
Due to a lack of preparation, the ballot was postponed to late November 2004.
The latter was overthrown by General Carlos Blanco, who in 1931 called elections which were won by Daniel Salamanca of the Partido Republicano-Genuino.
Patricia Kabbah was the wife of Sierra Leone's 3rd President, Ahmad Tejan Kabbah; was First Lady of Sierra Leone from 1996 until her death in 1998.
In 1960, he declared his Parti démocratique de Guinée the only legal party in the state, and ruled from then on as a virtual dictator.
His parents were Don Leonardo Aceval and Ms Monica Marin.
Benjamin William Mkapa was the third President of Tanzania, in office from 1995 to 2005.
McNary died in office after unsuccessful surgery on a brain tumor.
Petar Toshev Mladenov was a Bulgarian communist diplomat and politician.
He was involved in or against many coup attempts, failed and successful, from 1960 until his defeat and exile from South Vietnam in 1965.
She was reelected in 1986 in the newly created riding of Surrey-Newton, and became a cabinet minister under Premier Bill Vander Zalm, serving in various portfolios.
He served as Minister of Public Works and Minister of Municipal Affairs—the first person to hold the latter position in Alberta—in the government of Arthur Sifton.
Manuel Francisco Antonio Julián Montt Torres was a Chilean statesman and scholar.
He was elected President of the 45th session of the United Nations General Assembly in 1990, and Chairman of the Commonwealth Foundation in 2004.
Political radicalism increased, and Brownlee found his orthodox approach to political economy under attack.
Mahn Win Maung was the third president of the Union of Burma.
Some people name coins ayora because they were introduced by him.
He served as minister of integration under President Andrés Rodríguez.
He succeeded Douglas Hazen as the Premier of New Brunswick in 1911.
Rafael Addiego Bruno was a Uruguayan jurist and political figure.
Jennifer "Jenny" McAllister is a former President of the Australian Labor Party, and a Senator for New South Wales.
Phiêu was a protégé of his predecessor, Đỗ Mười.
Estrada Cabrera used increasingly brutal methods to assert his authority, including armed strike-breaking, and the general elections were effectively controlled by him.
Juan José Torres González was a Bolivian socialist politician and military leader.
He was one of the politicians who signed the invitation letter for the armies of Warsaw Pact countries.
Goo Kim Fui was a prosperous and influential Chinese merchant, community leader, and philanthropist.
He trained as an engineer at the Gordon Memorial College and at the Military College in Khartoum.
In the same year, he went to Cambridge University as a visiting fellow to conduct research on development models.
He is married and has two children.
He served during the White Revolution of Shah Mohammad Reza Pahlavi and was assassinated by a member of the Fadayan-e Islam.
He served in that position until he was sacked in 2010 [5].
Mosquera served twice as president of the new government.
Apithy studied at Bordeaux in a Lycée or secondary school.
After his presidential term, he served as the chief justice of the Supreme Court, from 1917 to 1920.
A military officer, he came to power after a military coup in 1969.
An ethnic Azeri, Rezazadeh has won the Iran Sportsperson of the Year award four times, more than any other athletes in the country's history.
Amin was born in Paghman and educated at Kabul University, after which he started his career as a teacher.
He has often preached against violence in society and violence against women.
He died four years later and was buried on Mount Herzl, Jerusalem.
Samura Kamara is a member of the Limba ethnic group.
Ismael was a native of Kosrae, but he grew up in Pohnpei where he attended school.
He was friends with Nikica Valentić, Mladen Vedriš and Franjo Gregurić.
Eisenhower, a Republican, took office as president following a landslide win over Democrat Adlai Stevenson in the 1952 presidential election.
During his terms, Honduras and Nicaragua were states within the Federal Republic of Central America.
Siles lived the rest of his life in exile, dying in Lima in 1942 at the age of 60.
He resigned in 1982 following disagreements over economic policy.
Along with Bernie Finn and Geoff Shaw, he took part in the October 2014 March for the Babies alongside Bernie Finn and Jan Kronberg.
He joined the army and was commissioned as a Cavalry Lieutenant.
After twelve years of performing various duties, he was appointed director general.
She is the first woman to serve as Vice President, complementing the presidential formula of Elías Antonio Saca for the term 2004–2009.
He moved to Vancouver to practice law in 1891, and was first elected to the provincial legislature in the 1903 election as a Conservative.
In the autumn of 1873, Castelar sent him to Cuba as governor-general which he served from November 1873 – 1874 and June 1876–October 1878.
He has usually been seen as a conservative.
Miguel Francisco Barragán Andrade was a Mexican general and centralist politician.
Days later he was appointed the first president of the First Republic of Venezuela, a role he shared as part of a triumvirate.
His government was overthrown by Dési Bouterse leading a bloodless military coup.
He ran in the 2017 French presidential election, presenting himself as the “Frexit candidate”.
He also became the object of a pervasive cult of personality.
Ríos Montt say there was no government-ordered genocide, and that abuses were the result of a long, violent civil war.
McGrath played in the Victorian Football League with South Melbourne, under captain-coach Ron Clegg.
Shafie bin Haji Apdal is a Malaysian politician.
He has thus far been the only person to be named "President of the Republic of Puerto Rico".
Sylvester Mwamba Chisembele was an ex-seminarian and cabinet minister in Zambia's first and second governments.
Mulla Asgarali Jaffer was the leader of the Khoja Shia Athnā‘ashariyyah Community.
He graduated from the Law Faculty in Zagreb in 1966.
He was elected to the House of Assembly seat of Bragg at the 1970 election, serving until 1983.
He stands among the politicians whose legacy is held most favorably, and was highly respected by the people.
Ayatollah Reza Ostadi Moghadam is a member of the Expediency Discernment Council and the Assembly of Experts of the Islamic Republic of Iran.
He was first elected as Council Chairman of Pujehun District in a landslide victory in the 2008 Sierra Leone Local elections.
He was the 16th grandson of the Qajar crown prince Abbas Mirza.
Federal Military Department, later named Federal Department of Defence, Civil Protection and Sports
Khomeini held the title of Grand Ayatollah and is officially known as Imam Khomeini inside Iran and by his supporters internationally.
He died on 17 January 1981, aged 81.
General Altamirano became Vice President Congress refused to accept Alessandri's resignation, and instead granted him a six-months constitutional leave of absence.
He served as president of the Republic of North Ossetia–Alania from 1994 until 1998.
He received the Decoration of the Imperial Portrait, the Neshan-e Aqdas 2nd class and Order of the Lion and the Sun 1st class from his father.
He had previously served as Interior Minister under President Maximiliano Hernández Martínez.
In 1991 he became the President of the Executive Council of Vojvodina.
Juan Natalicio González Paredes was a Paraguayan poet who served as President of Paraguay from 15 August 1948 to 30 January 1949.
He became President of the State of Cundinamarca in 1812 in place of Antonio Nariño.
The book links the president’s accumulation of foreign powers during wartimes to the accretion of domestic powers.
Guillermo Rodríguez Lara, known as "Bombita", is a former military dictator of Ecuador who was in power from February 15, 1972 to January 11, 1976.
In 1899, their son Kazys was born, and in 1902, their daughter Gražina was born.
Hathaway's government passed the Common Schools Act which had been drawn up by his predecessor.
He was President of Somalia from 2000 to 2004, and previously served as Interior Minister and Finance Minister in the government of Mohamed Siad Barre.
He served as the President of Hungary from 3 August 1948 to 23 August 1949.
He has also held a number of governmental posts since 1984.
The changes have occurred slowly over the centuries so that what appears normal differs greatly from what was the original state of America.
Elson Bakili Muluzi is a Malawian politician who was the first freely elected President of Malawi from 1994 to 2004.
In December 2014 he was ordained priest in St Peter's Cathedral, Adelaide.
Another phase of the civil war led to United Nations and British involvement in the country in 2000.
José Santos Zelaya López was the President of Nicaragua from 25 July 1893 to 21 December 1909.
Sillah is a founding member of the Inter-Religious Council of Sierra Leone, which is made up of both Muslim and Christian religious leaders.
He served as the president of Chile between 1876 and 1881.
Lieutenant General Frederick William "Fred" Kwasi Akuffo was a soldier and politician.
He came to Mauritius at the age of 10.
He was defeated at the 2007 election by the independent Mayor of Lake Macquarie, Greg Piper.
When Liberia became independent in July 26, 1847, Roberts was elected the first Black American president for the Republic of Liberia, serving until 1856.
He was a fervent supporter of Esperanto, and starting in 1923, became a long-time instructor of the language.
When a sex scandal forced Brownlee from office in 1934, Reid was the caucus' unanimous choice to succeed him as Premier.
Valeriu Pleşca is a Moldovan lawyer and politician.
Magomedsalam Magomedaliyevich Magomedov was the President of Dagestan, a federal subject of the Russian Federation found in the North Caucasus region.
After 1906, he moved to the left, attacking big business and anti-labor decisions of the courts.
Fatemeh Javadi is a conservative Iranian politician who was Vice President of Iran from 2005 to 2009.
He competed at the 1912 and 1924 Summer Olympics.
Justice Ekoko had thirteen children, and was married to four wives during his lifetime.
He was also a cousin of later president Carlos Lleras Restrepo.
Adolfo López Mateos was a Mexican politician affiliated with the Institutional Revolutionary Party who served as President of Mexico from 1958 to 1964.
Reagan was succeeded by his vice president, George H. W. Bush, who won the 1988 presidential election with Reagan's support.
In 1868 he was elected as a Parliamentary representative and then a Senator.
Senior General Saw Maung was the founder of the State Law and Order Restoration Council, later renamed State Peace and Development Council in Myanmar.
He also settled disputes with the federal government which had stalled the construction of the transcontinental Canadian Pacific Railway.
She is sister of former President, Mahmoud Ahmadinejad.
He also served as Prime Minister from 1930 to 1931.
Between 1860 and 1863, Barrios launched a reorganization of the public finances and promoted the coffee production and silk-elaboration related activities.
This led to the military coup plotters reaching out to the leaders of the protests, in an attempt to turn the coup into a popular uprising.
However, Muhammad was not able to exert his authority beyond parts of the capital.
Lagos was the third president from the center-left Coalition of Parties for Democracy to have ruled Chile since 1990.
His parents were Juan Trejos Quirós and Emilia Fernández Aguilar.
He had taken responsibility for several attacks on civilian targets since 2009, including the 2010 Moscow Metro bombings and the 2011 Domodedovo International Airport bombing.
Bach is the ninth and current President of the International Olympic Committee, and a former member of the Deutscher Olympischer Sportbund Executive Board.
He was elected to the colony's legislative assembly in 1850, and re-elected in 1854 and 1856, but lost his seat in 1857.
Said Al-Ghazzi was a Syrian lawyer, politician and two time prime minister of Syria.
Faruk Süren is a Turkish businessman and former chairman of the Turkish sports club Galatasaray.
In 1856, he accepted an appointment as governor of Barbados and the Windward Islands, and, in 1861, became governor of British Guiana.
She was the third wife of President Juan Perón.
Arūnas Valinskas is a Lithuanian showman, TV producer, TV show host and politician.
He joined the Hungarian Communist Party in October 1945.
Robert Reid was born in Prince William Parish, Beaufort District, South Carolina, in 1789.
Sefati has also co-founded a theology school for women in Qom, which later became known as Maktab-e Tawhid.
The results were annulled because of a boycott that prevented almost three-quarters of the country from voting.
After the war, he briefly owned a haberdashery in Kansas City, Missouri, and joined the Democratic Party and the political machine of Tom Pendergast.
He also created a professional armed force, and favored non-religious public education.
Árpád Göncz was a Hungarian liberal politician, who served as President of Hungary from 2 May 1990 to 4 August 2000.
He also pushed for socially conservative efforts, such as the Partial-Birth Abortion Ban Act and faith-based welfare initiatives.
In the 1987 constitutional referendum, Demirel regained the right to actively participate in politics and assumed the leadership of the True Path Party.
He dramatically expanded the system of national parks and national forests.
He is the leading marsiya writer of the present era and the Urdu media refer to him as asr e hazir ka Meer.
In August 2001 he announced his candidacy as an independent in the December 2001 presidential election.
He is a member of the ruling All People's Congress and represents the Western Area Urban District.
He was a member of the Liberal Party.
Marcos Paz was Governor of Córdoba and Tucumán Provinces, an Argentine Senator, and Vice President of Argentina from October 12, 1862 until his death in 1868.
On February 6, 1925 he retired from active duty and died in Santiago in 1938.
He was a relative of Benjamín Sacasa, 67th President of Nicaragua.
She was elected to her fourth term as Quinault president in March 2015.
He graduated from the University of Belgrade's Faculty of Political Science.
Menis was born in Santa Cruz de Tenerife.
He was the president of Republika Srpska.
He died in 1939, outliving many other major figures of the Mexican Revolution.
Protests, more shootings and arrests continued until Sein Lwin resigned on 12 August.
These efforts earned Quijano Perón's invitation as his running mate on the Labor Party ticket, which was comfortably elected.
Married with Elizabeth Margaret Wynne Mostyn in 1922, he had a son, Peter John Cator and daughter Rosemary Ann Cator.
Third is `ubudiya, servitude to God: being correct and devoted.
In the period of the Brazilian Empire, his older brother Severino Martins da Fonseca was nominated the first Baron of Alagoas.
Sayyid Ruhollah Mūsavi Khomeini, known in the Western world as Ayatollah Khomeini, was an Iranian Shia Muslim religious leader, philosopher, revolutionary, and politician.
Sillah is an advocate for child and women's rights to be respected as stated in the Holy Quran.
Aliyev was succeeded by Magomedsalam Magomedov on February 20, 2010.
Gayoom was defeated in the October 2008 presidential election.
Chisholm was now in the unique position of being able to bring his views on the importance of international mental and physical health to the world.
Eugene Robert Black I was the Chairman of the Federal Reserve from May 9, 1933 to August 15, 1934.
In addition, he was of far more radical political persuasion than the rest of the government leadership.
Gerardo Machado y Morales was a general of the Cuban War of Independence and President of Cuba from 1925 to 1933.
He introduced the country's first land reform law, placed the peso on the free currency exchange market, and liberalized foreign exchange and import controls.
Adolfo Tomás Ruiz Cortines was President of Mexico from 1952 to 1958, representing the Institutional Revolutionary Party.
He was elected Provisional President of the Senate and became first in line to the Presidency following the resignation of Vice-President Alejandro Gómez.
He was a signatory of the Act of the Re-Establishment of the State of Lithuania on 11 March 1990.
He then mounted a social campaign known as De-Soekarnoization in an effort to reduce the former President's influence.
He associated with the Turkic nationalist Young Kashgar Party and appointed himself as 'Timur Shah'.
She is an elected councilor in the Makeni city Council and a member of the All People's Congress political party, the ruling party in Sierra Leone.
In 1934, Vivian MacMillan, a family friend, sued Brownlee for seduction.
Tkhakushinov visited different countries with an effective Circassians diasporas, such as his visit to Jordan in 1997
These parties joined with the election winners to form the government, and Tomčić became the President of the Parliament.
For him, the role of the state was to provide basic services.
The city of Dasmariñas, located 24 km south of Manila, was named after him.
He used these connections to help finance the Great Syrian Revolt.
The government outlined by the Constitution was to replace and improve upon the imperial executive government of King George III of Britain.
Sándor Garbai was a Hungarian socialist politician.
This act was carried out against the will of Guzmán Blanco, who considered Paéz as an oligarch.
He was one of the three vice-presidents of the United Malays National Organisation, the leading party in the Barisan Nasional coalition that governs Malaysia.
In domestic affairs Jefferson sought to put the principles of republicanism into action.
Cemal Gürsel was a Turkish army officer, and the fourth President of Turkey.
Torrijos was succeeded by supermarket magnate Ricardo Martinelli in 2009.
Note's grandfather was a native of Niigata Prefecture, and settled in the Marshall Islands during the Japanese colonial era and married a Marshallese wife.
In 1860 he held more than 120 slaves and was the third-largest slaveholder in the county.
Mariano Paredes was President of Guatemala from January 1, 1849 to November 6, 1851 as a compromise chief of state.
He was usually referred to as W.A.C.
In subsequent years he held a number of public offices.
In 1861, he returned to Spain but was then sent to the Philippines.
Carl Venne, whose Crow name was Aashiise Dakatak Baacheitchish, was, until his death, the chairman of the executive branch of the Crow Nation.
Sheikh Mukhtar Mohamed Hussein was the speaker of the Somali parliament, and briefly an interim President of Somalia in 1969.
Luna joined the Radical Youth in 1889 and took part in the armed revolution the following year.
He signed the memorandum for the president Woodrow Wilson, addressing the question of the recognition of the Lithuanian statehood by the U.S..
He served as President of the Republic of Paraguay for the constitutional term 1912–1916.
He made the first documented ascent of Mount Kinabalu in 1851.
Eduardo Schaerer Vera y Aragón was a Swiss-Paraguayan businessman, publisher, and Liberal politician.
Zlatko Mateša was the Prime Minister of Croatia from late 1995 until 31 January 2000.
Kenneth David Buchizya Kaunda, also known as KK, served as the first President of Zambia, from 1964 to 1991.
Thomas François Burgers was the 4th president of the South African Republic from 1872 to 1877.
She is the first Arab woman to have held the post.
On 5 December 2006, Commodore Frank Bainimarama, Commander of the Republic of Fiji Military Forces, seized power in a coup d'état and assumed presidential powers.
He was the leader of the Motherland Party from 1991 to 2002, and served three times as Prime Minister of Turkey.
Song Jiaoren was a Chinese republican revolutionary, political leader and a founder of the Kuomintang.
He also wrote the lyrics of the Argentine National Anthem adopted on May 11, 1813.
He was the Spanish Governor-General of the Philippines from 1880 to 1883.
Nikola Poplašen is a former Bosnian Serb politician and Chetnik Voivode.
He served as provisional President of the Republic from October 23, 1989 to May 2, 1990.
She married very young, at first marriage with Adelina Diaz de Bedoya, which widowed and married later, in second marriage, Mrs. Josefina Rivarola.
Volodymyr Kyrylovych Vynnychenko was a Ukrainian statesman, political activist, writer, playwright, artist, who served as 1st Prime Minister of Ukraine.
Forty-four Te Deum masses were sung on that day, and President Ferrera was 'besmoked with incense in the cathedral.'"
His sister, Fayza Al Jabiri, was married to Riad Al Solh, two-time prime minister of Lebanon.
However, after several inconclusive rounds in the electoral college, he was defeated by Alfred Maseng.
He then moved to Paris, on account of his wife.
He was a significant figure In the Afghan Security Service, KHAD, from 1980 to 1985.
Urho Kaleva Kekkonen was a Finnish politician who served as Prime Minister of Finland and later as the eighth and longest-serving President of Finland.
Alejandro Vicente López y Planes was an Argentine writer and politician who acted as interim President of Argentina from July 7, 1827 to August 18, 1827.
In 2003, Bush ordered an invasion of Iraq, asserting that Iraq possessed stockpiles of weapons of mass destruction in violation of UN Security Council Resolution 1441.
His main companions in arms during the rebellion were Antônio de Souza Neto and Giuseppe Garibaldi.
It connects the municipality of Laval to the northern shore in what is now known as the town of Boisbriand.
He claimed that his ticket was seeking a national consensus rather than division.
Foster was born in St. Martins, New Brunswick.
He remained in parliament until 2002 as a member of the Hungarian Socialist Party, often voting against the party consensus.
Fedir Andriyovych Lyzohub was a Ukrainian politician and the Otaman of Council of Ministers in 1918.
Đinđić was one of the original thirteen restorers of the modern day Democratic Party, becoming its president in 1994.
Born in Saint John, New Brunswick, John Baxter served on the municipal council for eighteen years from 1892 to 1910.
As a business man, Batt is a franchisee of Jos.
Ismael served as the third Vice President of the Federated States of Micronesia from May 1987 until 1991.
He was the first ethnic Chinese head of state in a non-Asian country.
After the 3rd Congress, Đỗ Mười worked in fields related to construction and economic activity.
Lee Jong-wook was the director-general of the World Health Organization for three years.
She has worked in China, Russia, the EU and at the UN.
By this stage President Getúlio Vargas had taken his own life.
He is also a member of the Serbian Academy of Arts and Sciences since 1987.
The government established the Corralito to limit bank withdrawals.
Manuel Trucco died in Santiago in 1954 at the age of 79.
Husni al-Za'im, whose family is of mixed Turkish and Kurdish ancestry, had been an officer in the Ottoman Army.
The 1931 general elections made him Vice President of Argentina, serving from 1932 to 1938 with President Agustín Justo.
Rene for his belief in Bravery and Justice
He is a controversial personality, because of his sympathy for fascism and the dictatorial nature of his government.
President Fernando de la Rúa resigned in that year, amid the December 2001 riots, and the Congress appointed Rodríguez Saá as president of Argentina.
Her uncle Jimmy Kennedy captained Cork senior hurlers to All Ireland honours in 1919.
To be distinguished from: Jerónimo de Carrión Spanish composer
After being sworn in as president, Lincoln refused to accept any resolution that would result in Southern secession from the Union.
The prevalent corruption was eventually called "Grantism."
Jorge Fernando Branco de Sampaio, GColTE, GCIH, GColL sɐ̃ˈpaju]) is a Portuguese lawyer and politician who was the 18th President of Portugal from 1996 to 2006.
He is former Minister of a Minister of Culture and Information in the Government of Serbia.
Sillah is a Shia Muslim and he is one of the most prominent Islamic scholars in Sierra Leone.
There was significant social turmoil following his election, and demonstrations and protests against the government and against electoral fraud were common during his administration.
Sadulayev served little more than a full year as President before being killed in a gun battle with FSB and pro-Russian Chechen forces.
He was re-elected in December 2006, again with a majority in the first round.
After losing at the convention, Saccoh accused the SLPP of being a Mende party.
Christian Poncelet is a conservative French politician.
There was a coup attempt in 2000 and an impeachment attempt in 2001, though both failed.
Alejandro Agustín Lanusse was the president of the Argentine Republic between March 22, 1971 and May 25, 1973, during the Argentine Revolution.
This came after Japan had seized direct control of Vietnam from the Vichy French colonial forces during the Second World War.
Akkan Suver is a Turkish journalist, author, academic and NGO leader.
Paredes is retired and lives in Panama City, Panama.
He was twice Prime Minister of the Kingdom of Serbia.
The position, however, went to foreign minister Momodu Koroma.
In the Gallop ministry, which took office following the 2001 election, Carpenter was Minister for Education, as well as holding several other portfolios.
Justice Ekoko completed his secondary school education at the Presbyterian Secondary School in Kumba, and later attended the Cameroonian School of Administration and Magistracy.
Congress actually passed an income tax law, although enforcement was sporadic at best.
Roberto Lavagna, credited with the economic recovery during Duhalde's presidency, was retained as minister of economy and continued his economic policies.
Aslan(cheriy) Kitovich Tkhakushinov is the former Head of the Republic of Adygea, Russia, and is an ethnic Adyghe.
He organized a division and joined the forces that were besieging Guayaquil about the middle of May.
Juan Rafael Mora Porras was President of Costa Rica from 1849 to 1859.
Muhammad al-Zanati was the head of state of Libya from 1992 until 2008.
He had been detained several times in the past by Pakistani intelligence agencies due to his political activities.
She is the niece of Ayatollah Javadi Amoli.
Imrédy’s attempts to improve Hungary’s diplomatic relations with Britain initially made him very unpopular with Germany and Italy.
He ruled his country from November 1978 to August 1979.
As a delegate for the Junta, he led the ill-fated Paraguay campaign.
Sefati is a member of the Women's Socio-Cultural Council and a representative to the Supreme Council of Cultural Reforms.
Harding died of a heart attack in San Francisco while on a western speaking tour; he was succeeded by his vice president, Calvin Coolidge.
Ivanišević is a professor emeritus of the University of Rijeka.
He went on to become Clerk of the Privy Council and Secretary to the Cabinet, the top position in the Canadian public service.
José Mariano Martín Buenaventura Ignacio Nepomuceno García de Arista Nuez was a noted veteran of many of Mexico's nineteenth-century wars.
He was the first British Adviser for Perak after the abolishment of the post British Resident of Perak.
Kiro Gligorov, May 3, 1917 – January 1, 2012) was the first President of the Republic of Macedonia, serving from 1991 to 1999.
He was the 15th governor of Texas from 1874 to 1876 and represented Texas in the U.S. Senate from 1877 to 1895.
In 1921 he was elected President of the Radical Civic Union party.
When even moderate reformers were being persecuted following the Upper Canada Rebellion of 1837, Hincks considered moving to the United States.
He also held several ministerial posts in the government.
Yegor Semyonovich Stroyev is a governor of Oryol Oblast from 1993 to 2009.
José María Gil-Robles y Gil-Delgado is a Spanish politician.
Sunkarie Kabba-Kamara is a Sierra Leonean politician and the current mayor of the city of Makeni.
He graduated in law from the University of Buenos Aires, and participated in the constitutional assembly of 1860.
He completed the engineering feat of the Transandino railway linking Guayaquil with Quito.
Kerai Mariur was the Vice President of Palau.
Tan Sri Chong Kah Kiat was the 13th Chief Minister of Sabah, Malaysia.
His writing spanned a wide range of genres and topics, from journalism to autobiography, to political philosophy and history.
Gettelfinger is a 1976 graduate of Indiana University Southeast in New Albany, Indiana.
He was regularly appointed a member of the Federal Council for Protection of the Constitutional Order and was chairing the body in late 1980s.
John Batt Jr. is a local politician and businessman from New Orleans, Louisiana.
Rajko Dodic is a Canadian politician, who was elected the 25th mayor of Lethbridge, Alberta in the 2010 municipal election.
Duhalde assumed as Vice President again until the death of President Rios, on June 27, when he became Acting President.
He was born at Shediac, New Brunswick, the son of Daniel Hanington, and was educated there and at Mount Allison Academy in Sackville.
She is a member of the ruling All People's Congress political party.
He fled to the West, when the Soviet army reoccupied Lithuania in 1944, and emigrated to the United States in 1947.
Nikos Pateras is a Greek major shipowner, president and shareholder of Panathinaikos FC.
Wehbe Katicha is a Lebanese politician and a former general in the Lebanese Army.
Manuel Teixeira Gomes, GCSE was a Portuguese politician and writer.
In 1914 he graduated as an MD from the Universidad de Chile.
Previously she was Minister of Culture from 1976 to 2000.
He began his work in June 1953, acting as Minister of Justice and Minister of Internal Affairs until the suicide of President Getúlio Vargas.
Anthony William Gardiner served as the ninth President of Liberia from 1878 until 1883.
He was a supporter of a centralist national government, and a confidante of President of Mexico General Antonio López de Santa Anna.
She left the post in 1998 to pursue career as a lawyer.
He was also a member of the Mexican Language Academy and of the National College.
At an MNSD party congress in March 1991, Saibou was able to retain his position as party leader, particularly benefiting from the support of the army.
Shukri al-Quwatli was the first president of post-independence Syria.
Sympathetic to both business and labor, Roosevelt avoided labor strife, most notably negotiating a settlement to the great Coal Strike of 1902.
Juan Manuel Gálvez Durón was President of Honduras from 1 January 1949 until 5 December 1954.
The essence of tasawwuf is defined as knowledge of the metaphysical domain.
When the Navy was established in 1956, he was transferred to the Navy as a sub-lieutenant.
Vargas went on to appease and eventually dominate his supporters, and pushed his political agenda as he built a propaganda machine around his figure.
Kádár was born in Fiume to a poor family.
Mercado showed the investigators a valid pilot's license and Social Security card as proof that he was in the United States legally.
The legacy of Suharto's 31-year rule is debated both in Indonesia and abroad.
He was the also the last Governor of Baja California Sur to be appointed to date.
Kaunda was briefly stripped of Zambian citizenship in 1999 but the decision was overturned the following year.
George Alexander Drew, PC CC QC was a Canadian conservative politician who founded a Progressive Conservative dynasty in Ontario that lasted 42 years.
She studied her high school level subjects at home before attending theology school in 1966.
His initial military involvement was in 1851, in defence of legal institutions.
He has been described as the architect of the Soka Gakkai, the person chiefly responsible for its existence today.
He married Audrey Lennard on October 10, 1953, with whom he had two children, Linda and William Jr.
Emiliano Figueroa Larraín was President of Chile from December 23, 1925 until his resignation on May 10, 1927.
Alfredo Duhalde Vásquez was a Chilean politician who served twice as provisional president in 1946.
He was previously the Vice President of the Bougainville People's Congress.
Ansumana Kaikai is a native of Pujehun District in the south of Sierra Leone.
During his second term Grant appointed reformers such as Benjamin Bristow, Edwards Pierrepont, and Zachariah Chandler who cleaned their respected departments of corruption.
In July 2003, Abdul Hamid stepped down as the MP for Kangar to be appointed as President of the Senate, serving as President until 2009.
Though he was defeated, the campaign initiated the chain of events that led to the Independence of Paraguay in May 1811.
He was appointed for a second four-year term in September 2009.
His presidential reputation has gradually risen over the past few decades among historians, who have taken into account his civil rights stances and civil service reforms.
He became 31st President of Argentina from November 13, 1955 to May 1, 1958.
On 15 February 2002 he resigned from his function, after refusing to sign a controversial anti-terrorism bill, namely PoTA, into the constitution.
"The high point of Gutiérrez's career occurred when he moved with the Conventionist army to shoulder the responsibilities of his new office [of president]."
He became acting Chairman of the Crow Nation once Clifford Birdinground resigned from office in a letter of resignation dated September 5, 2002.
While the conflict lasted, domestic industry had one of its biggest booms, with the national industry growing 53% in those four years.
Hamma Hammami is a Tunisian communist, leader of the Popular Front, spokesman of the Tunisian Workers' Party, and former editor of the party news organ El-Badil.
Tun Datuk Patinggi Haji Ahmad Zaidi Adruce bin Muhammed Noor was the fifth Yang di-Pertua Negeri Sarawak.
Boisrond-Canal was born 12 June 1832 in the town of Les Cayes, Haiti.
He was Vice President of Bolivia from 1993 to 1997 during the first presidency of Gonzalo Sánchez de Lozada.
He was Prime Minister of Burma from 1958 to 1960 and 1962 to 1974 and also head of state from 1962 to 1981.
He died on 24 March 1999 in Ilorin, Kwara state, Nigeria.
He served the party for more than 50 years and held the position of treasurer of the party for a few decades.
He was an advocate of the democratic republic as the form of the Lithuanian state.
He was a ceremonial head of state of Syria, appointed by Hafez al-Assad to replace the ousted president Nureddin al-Atassi.
Macdonald was considered one of his province's most eloquent political orators.
He is president of Pacific & Atlantic Corporation which possesses a fleet of 50 bulk carriers containers.
He was also Chairperson of the African Union from 2007 to 2008.
Mikloško did not participated in 2010 parliament election and retired from politics.
He spoke about the reason for his resignation for five hours in the House of Commons on 11 August.
Also, he was briefly overthrown in 1865.
Amin al-Hafiz was a Syrian politician, General and member of the Ba'ath Party.
He took office on 31 May 2010 after Vyacheslav Shtyrov left office.
His daughter Berta married Alberto Lleras Camargo, the first Secretary General of the Organization of American States.
General José Miguel Ramón Ydígoras Fuentes was the conservative President of Guatemala from 1958 to March 1963.
He died in Damascus, Syria in 1982.
The position of president is ceremonial and Thắng was never a major policymaker or even a member of the Politburo, Vietnam's ruling council.
He is the chairman of Galatasaray S.K..
The company maintains its headquarters in Paris and is now a wholly owned subsidiary of the Compagnie Financière Richemont SA.
Ivo Perišin was a Croatian economist, politician and academician.
Manuel Benito de Castro was a Neogranadine politician.
José Gregorio Valera was half brother of his predecessor Francisco Linares Alcántara.
Dragutin Zelenović is a Serbian university professor, correspondent member of Serbian Academy of Sciences and Arts and politician.
Venne died on February 15, 2009, aged 62.
Rhee was regarded as an anti-Communist and a capitalist strongman, and he led South Korea through the Korean War.
In 1950 he launched an unsuccessful armed assault against a fortress in Guatemala City, and was wounded and arrested before escaping to Honduras.
He was the second and last president of the Fourth French Republic.
The major revision of the party structure was to eliminate the army as a sector of the party.
Agriculture received greater priority, while the national government likewise took steps to bring down the cost of medicine.
He earned a doctorate in weed science from Rutgers University.
He was the former Rural and Regional Development Minister.
He is the father of current St. Louis Blues forward Paul Stastny.
During the Second World War he was member of communist Partisan forces.
Tancredo fell gravely ill on the eve of his inauguration, March 14, 1985, and died 39 days afterwards.
A Conservative Party member, he was elected to the 32nd New Brunswick Legislative Assembly in 1911.
He was later assassinated near his home in San Salvador at the age of 87.
Abass Chernor Bundu is a Sierra Leonean politician, diplomat and educationist.
He was the Indonesian Coordinating Minister for People's Welfare in 2004–2005 and the Foreign Minister of Indonesia from 1999 to 2001.
He graduated from the Law Faculty of Diponegoro University in 1972.
He was born in Damascus to a prominent aristocratic Sunni Muslim family.
In 1912, was promoted to Brigadier General, and named Inspector General of artillery, and Army Chief of staff.
He is a member of the Mende ethnic group.
Sveinn Björnsson was the first President of the Republic of Iceland.
Dr. Abdulwahab Abdo Raweh is an active Yemeni politician and was in the Yemeni cabinets.
In 1926, Dysart succeeded Peter J. Veniot as leader of the Liberal party.
He succeeded in convicting the police officers involved in the murder; they were later rehabilitated by the Greek military junta of 1967-1974.
José Manuel Emiliano Balmaceda Fernández was the 11th President of Chile from September 18, 1886 to August 29, 1891.
Harold Logie Tucker is Sierra Leonean Politician and the current Mayor of Bo, the second largest city in Sierra Leone.
Before joining the Observer, Walker was employed by The Daily where he helped launch the gossip section with former Page Six editor Richard Johnson.
Luís Severino de Almeida Cabral was the first President of Guinea-Bissau.
His health prevented him from assuming his role as President of the Council and he died in office.
Long after retiring, he was President of the Veteran's Federation of Macedonia, until he died in 2001.
He is remembered as a main architect of Finland's foreign policy after the Second World War.
He was the maternal grandfather of Prince Michael I Apafi.
He served as president of Colombia between 1922 and 1926.
Brigadier General Óscar Humberto Mejía Víctores was the 27th President of Guatemala from 8 August 1983 to 14 January 1986.
Manila suffered heavy damage from a fire that occurred on March 19, 1583.
Alp Yalman is a Turkish businessman and former chairman of the Turkish sports club Galatasaray.
From 1965, he was federal president and was re-elected in 1971.
His nickname was "King Ralph", a reference to his political longevity and his management style.
Farrah relinquished his claim as president in December 1997, by signing the Cairo Declaration, a significant step toward peace in Somalia.
Ignacio Andrade Troconis, was a military man and politician.
In early 2001, Mercado and eighteen other former Mexican government officials were charged with diverting approximately $55 million in public funding.
These programs became quite popular, making him a well known and respected popular figure.
His grandfather on the Orlich side and his mother came to Costa Rica from the town of Punat on the island of Krk, Croatia.
The couple had 8 sons and 3 daughters.
Michael Xavier Charles Gidley is an Australian politician, and has been the member for Mount Waverley in the Victorian Legislative Assembly since 2010.
Gerald A. Lawrence is a Canadian radio broadcaster and politician.
He was recognized by Republic Indonesia Government as National Hero of Indonesia on 7 November 2011.
He gave up the presidency after early elections were held in 1998, in which he did not run.
Andrew Charles Elliott was a British Columbian politician and jurist.
He was a member of the Union of Moderate Parties during his terms as prime minister, but now leads the Vanuatu Republican Party.
In 2007 Ríos Montt returned to public office as a member of Congress, gaining prosecutorial immunity.
As commander-in-chief, ordered the suspension of the constitutionally-protected right to habeas corpus in the state of Maryland in order to suppress Confederate sympathizers.
During his conservative rule, he tried several measures to control the economic crisis and to reform the local bureaucracy.
Anastasio Bustamante y Oseguera was president of Mexico three times, from 1830 to 1832, from 1837 to 1839 and from 1839 to 1841.
He was born on April 23, 1855, in the town of Hatoviejo, Antioquia.
In line with the Russian Federation's constitution, Magomedov was nominated by federal President Dmitry Medvedev and approved by the republic's People's Assembly.
He was succeeded by his vice-president, Delfim Moreira.
He died in March 1965 due to lung cancer.
Ibrahim Bundu was first elected to parliament during 2002 Parliamentary elections, and has been re-elected twice in 2007 and 2012 by a large margins.
He served as the 14th Premier of Ontario from 1943 to 1948.
He is an economist and a lawyer.
He was influential in Yugoslav security structures and it is believed that he inspired a number of politically motivated arrests, especially while he was interior minister.
He was the successor to the famous hetman and rebel leader Bohdan Khmelnytsky.
He was succeeded as the president on 12 July 2009 by Dalia Grybauskaitė.
He is one of the three most medal winners olympians in the sport of Taekwondo.
Justo's successor, Roberto María Ortiz, appointed Roca Ambassador to Brazil in 1938, and he was named Minister of Foreign Relations in 1940.
Born in Anillaco, he became a Peronist during a visit to Buenos Aires.
Since the 1980s, he has continually increased his anti-nuclear activism and citizen diplomacy.
The book links the president’s accumulation of foreign powers during wartimes to the accretion of domestic powers.
Warren Gamaliel Harding was the 29th President of the United States, serving from March 4, 1921, until his death in 1923.
Endara later received a law degree in Panama.
Born in Asunción, Paraguay, Wasmosy trained as a civil engineer and became head of the Paraguayan consortium working on the Itaipu Dam.
He served as prime minister until 21 February 1961.
Returning to education, he published the first Venezuelan popular instruction book on literature, science, and fine arts in 1895.
José María Guido was the 33rd President of Argentina from 30 March 1962 to 12 October 1963.
Nomee was the first woman to hold the chairmanship of the Crow Nation.
Suharto rose to the rank of major general following Indonesian independence.
He is currently the President of FICC.
Commentators have criticized him for a lack of legal activism during the Dirty War, an issue he would involve himself in as president.
Starting in 1981 he took charge of the management of the industry group of Polat Holding and made the group an international player.
He was also Trinidad and Tobago's third Prime Minister, serving in that capacity from 18 December 1986 to 17 December 1991.
Elected overwhelmingly in November 1951, Quijano died in early April, before being re-inaugurated.
Many people suspected that there would be a coup d'état to prevent the inauguration of the President–elect.
He hols an MPhil in Linguistics from Leeds University
Svetozar Marović; born 31 March 1955) is a lawyer and a Montenegrin politician.
He also was a famous Egyptian football player and actor.
He held these offices as a member of the United Malays National Organisation, the leading party in Malaysia's ruling Barisan Nasional coalition.
Extremely ambitious, Imrédy was known to hold right wing views on matters of domestic and social policy.
He was a resident of West University Place, Texas, United States, a city surrounded by Houston.
Prior to his political career, Shonekan was the chief executive of the United African Company of Nigeria PLC, a large Nigerian conglomerate.
Johnston became the first female premier in Canadian history when she succeeded Bill Vander Zalm in 1991 to become the 29th Premier of British Columbia.
He subsequently served a second period in the European Parliament, where he devoted himself to working for the accession of Turkey to the European Union.
His presidency ended with his defeat in the 1980 presidential election by Republican nominee Ronald Reagan.
He favored nationalism, industrialization, centralization, social welfare and populism – for the latter, Vargas won the nickname "The Father of the Poor".
Gordon Daniel Conant, QC was a Canadian lawyer, politician, and the 12th Premier of Ontario.
He serves on the board of Food Tank.
He oversaw massive educational reform, moderate land reform, and labor laws sponsored by the increasingly powerful Regional Confederation of Mexican Workers.
He was forced to resign at the outbreak of the Aster Revolution on 31 October 1918, serving the shortest tenure of any Hungarian Prime Minister.
His daughter Nadia al-Ghazzi is a lawyer, writer, and TV presenter, and his niece is the poet and artist Huda Naamani.
He was military dictator of Panama from 1983 to 1989, when he was removed from power by the United States invasion of Panama.
General Guido Vildoso Calderón is a former officer in the Military of Bolivia and de facto President of Bolivia in 1982.
As of 2011 he was most famous for his 30 elegiac marsiya.
He is the current President of the Dewan Negara and is a former member of the Dewan Rakyat for the seat of Kuala Pilah, Negeri Sembilan.
A bronze statue designed by late sculptor Anton Agius was erected within Howards' Gardens, just outside the Bastions of Mdina in Paul Xuereb's honour.
He completed his studies in his native city, and at the Instituto Nacional.
He continued as the leader of the UCR, and opposed the presidency of Carlos Menem.
Babangida was a key player in most of the military coups in Nigeria.
Antonio Leocadio Guzmán Blanco was a Venezuelan military leader and politician.
In December 1947, he retired as both finance minister and premier.
When first sworn in in 1979, he became the first Republican to have served as governor of the U.S. state of Texas since Reconstruction.
During his tenure as Grand Imam, Al Azhar witnessed unprecedented reform and revival, including the introduction of new faculties, teaching methods and management style.
He died in Caracas, 17 August 1900.
The Edison Real Bird Memorial Complex in Crow Agency, Montana, named in his honor, is the site of the Crow Fair Rodeo.
He was the first and only Attorney-General to become both Colonial Secretary in Hong Kong.
In 2003, he joined the Social Democratic Party and was later elected as the chairman of the party.
"As mass production has to be accompanied by mass consumption, mass consumption, in turn, implies a distribution of wealth ... to provide men with buying power.
He was reelected governor in 1995 and 1999 due to an amendment of the provincial constitution.
He also served twice as Prime Minister, from 1968 to 1970 and 1979 to 1982.
He died in Victoria in 1957, aged 78 years, having led a distinguished life of public service.
Ríos Montt is best known outside Guatemala for being tried for heading a military regime.
He served as Secretary, Health Department, Government of Sindh, from September 2004 to May 2007.
In the late 1970s he moved to the European Parliament, and was President of the European Parliament from 19 January 1982 to 24 July 1984.
Membership in his Colorado Party was a prerequisite for job promotion, free medical care and other services.
He was the only president and prime minister of Serbia and Montenegro.
After the liberals won, a new, federalist constitution was implemented, which established a two-year presidency, and the nation renamed the United States of Colombia.
He was replaced as premier by Nathan Rees.
Kadyrov has denied these reports, while also characterizing gay people as "not human" and claiming that they "don't exist in his region".
Gulshara Naushaqyzy Abdiqalyqova;; is a Kazakh politician who is current Secretary of State of Kazakhstan.
Born in Río Gallegos, Santa Cruz, Kirchner studied law at the National University of La Plata.
Son of Renato Ozores and Rita Irene Typaldos Duque, he was born in Panama City.
However, Gayibov's body was not found at the site of the crash.
As the United States became a great world power and then a superpower, the presidency acquired more war powers despite the Constitution.
Bu-Buakei Jabbi is a Sierra Leonean lawyer and politician from the Sierra Leone People's Party.
Alessandri left the country immediately for Italy.
Six months after the killing, two relatives of Roman Tmetuchl and another man were arrested in connection to the killing; however, they were later released.
His nephew was Serbian president Ivan Stambolić.
The constantly growing numbers of visits by his political supporters were seen as a threat to the Grand National Party.
This act branded Yeltsin as a rebel and led to his rise in popularity as an anti-establishment figure.
Tang Jiaxuan was foreign minister of the People's Republic of China from 1998–2003.
When Germany became a republic at the end of World War I, he became its first chancellor.
Julián Castro Contreras was a Venezuelan military officer and President of Venezuela between 1858 and 1859.
By 1945 he was a high-ranking officer and was among the leaders of a military coup which brought to power the mass membership party Democratic Action.
He served the position from 1982 to 1987 and for a second term in 2006 until 2013.
Solomon returned from exile in August 1879 and was brought on as president soon after.
She served as Chairwoman of the Tohono O'odham from 2003 until 2007.
Her music style incorporates elements from both pop and traditional Persian music.
On June 25, 1872, Hathaway's hand was seriously injured when he jumped from a moving train.
Enrique Peñaranda del Castillo was a Bolivian general who served as commander of his country's forces during the second half of the Chaco War.
After Arias' death in 1988, Endara became a leading opponent of the Manuel Noriega military dictatorship, heading the opposition coalition in the 1989 presidential election.
His parents were Carlos Woss and María Linares.
Lechín also vigorously opposed the neoliberal administration of Víctor Paz Estenssoro, who served his fourth term from 1985 to 1989.
Lazarus Eitaro Salii was a politician from Palau.
Jafeth Cabrera is a Guatemalan politician who is Vice President of Guatemala since 14 January 2016.
Ringadoo then served as President until later in 1992, when he was replaced by the nominated next president Cassam Uteem.
He became the leader of the South Australian Division of the Liberal Party of Australia in 1975, replacing Bruce Eastick.
Sanfuentes was the son of writer and politician Salvador Sanfuentes Torres and Matilde Andonaegui.
Al-Khatib was educated in Mount Lebanon and was an oil merchant in Beirut before entering politics.
Albert Allison Dysart was a New Brunswick politician, lawyer and judge.
Pena also promoted the expansion of railroads.
Eduardo Santos Montejo was a leading Colombian publisher and politician, active in the Colombian Liberal Party.
Louis Jules Trochu was a French military leader and politician.
He studied law at the Universidad de Chile in Santiago, and in 1897 received his law degree.
He was also the state commissioner for PAS in Kedah and a member of the central committee of the national party.
A native of Sucre, Padilla was born on 13 August 1927.
Marriner Stoddard Eccles was known during his lifetime chiefly as having been the Chairman of the Federal Reserve under President Franklin Delano Roosevelt.
Michael John Daley MP, an Australian politician, is a member of the New South Wales Legislative Assembly representing Maroubra for the Australian Labor Party since 2005.
Mohammad-Ali Rajai was the second President of Iran from 2 to 30 August 1981 after serving as prime minister under Abolhassan Banisadr.
Grant's presidency was long denounced by historians as the most corrupt in U.S. history.
He came to Liberia as the envoy of the American Colonization Society in the 1830s.
He also had Afghan bodyguards protecting him.
During the campaign, his wife who was 3 months pregnant, was physically abused by ZANU activists on their farm and subsequently lost her baby boy.
He was also Chairman of the Revolutionary State Party.
He is the founder of Polyus Gold, Russia's leading gold-mining company.
Juršėnas has published several books about politics and the world.
The car is currently located in San Jose, Costa Rica.
He was a member of the Ecuadorian Radical Liberal Party.
He lived in Buenos Aires and New York City during his years in exile and died there in 1873.
Ortiz never denied those charges but once he took office he tried to make Argentine politics more open and truly democratic.
He successfully invaded China proper in October 1924 in the Second Zhili-Fengtian War.
He returned to the Gambia in 1953 and married Augusta Mahoney, beginning work as a veterinary officer.
Ramdien Sardjoe is a Surinamese politician and served as Vice President of Suriname from 2005 to 2010.
Miguel Ángel Rodríguez Echeverría is a Costa Rican economist, lawyer, businessman and politician.
He also serves as the Chancellor of Samuel Adegboyega University.
After only 100 days in office, the inflation reached a shocking 10,000%.
He served as the governor of the National Bank of Yugoslavia from 1 November 1969 to 31 December 1971.
Sheng recommended that Li build more merchant ships in order to fund the military ships that the Qing government needed.
Christopher B. Howard is the 8th president of Robert Morris University in Moon Township, Pennsylvania where his term started on February 1, 2016.
He founded the National Party of Honduras in 1918, and was President of Honduras twice; briefly in 1924 and from 1933 to 1949.
She was sworn in as mayor of Makeni on December 22, 2012.
High School Bagh, Azad Kashmir and later on passed FSc and B.A from Govt.
He remained in office until 1951, surviving 25 coup attempts.
He was the first non-noble to hold the office in Hungary.
He was a well-respected Shan political figure in Burma.
Rather, each local riding association acted on its own.
José Casimiro Rondeau Pereyra was a general and politician in Argentina and Uruguay in the early 19th century.
Antonio José de Irisarri Alonso, was a Guatemalan statesman, journalist, and politician who served as Interim Supreme Director of Chile in 1814.
Habib Kashani is an Iranian politician and businessman.
He was Chief Minister of Sabah from 1996 to 1998.
He became chairman of the People's Assembly of Slovenia in 1967.
Eisenhower was the first U.S. president to be constitutionally limited to two terms under the 22nd Amendment.
In response, Mielke oversaw the construction of the Berlin Wall and co-signed orders to shoot all East Germans who were attempting to defect.
He also served as minister of defense between 1954 and 1955.
He resigned later that year to run in the 1958 presidential election, but lost to former president Rómulo Betancourt.
Colonel Paul-Émile de Souza was a Beninese army officer and political figure.
In 1901, he was elected as a member of the National Academy of History at the age of 80.
Fortunato Borbon was Governor of Batangas province in the Philippines in the period immediately following World War II, from January 1945 to January 1946.
In 1871, he ran in BC's first election and won a seat in the new provincial legislature.
Was elected vicepresident for the National Union presided by Roque Sáenz Peña in 1910.
He arose on a political scene where one's power was dictated by what region in Dahomey one lived in.
Temelkovski learned about hardship and unionism at a young age.
He succeeded Alexander Dzasokhov, who voluntarily quit his post on May 31, 2005.
He was married with one child, and celebrated his 100th birthday in 2014.
He is an outgoing member of City Council of Tehran since 10 April 2003.
Soon afterwards, when a new election was announced, Adamkus again ran for president and was re-elected.
Bernardo O'Higgins Riquelme was a Chilean independence leader who freed Chile from Spanish rule in the Chilean War of Independence.
Ahmad Hasan al-Khatib was a Syrian politician.
Sir Charles-Eugène-Napoléon Boucher de Boucherville, KCMG was born in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.
Riccardo Fraccari is a world sport administrator, holding various high-ranking positions, most notably as president of the World Baseball Softball Confederation and International Baseball Federation.
Many sources claim it is 1954 while others 1946.
He graduated with a Doctor of Law in 1879.
Wang Daohan, was the former president of the Association for Relations Across the Taiwan Straits.
that both men and women can perform taqlid of a woman mujtahid.
Opposed to the 1948 creation of the State of Israel, he fought alongside the Muslim Brotherhood during the 1948 Arab–Israeli War.
El Ferik Ibrahim Abboud was a Sudanese president, general, and political figure.
He is a Tamil by origin and a Hindu.
His government was not recognized by the United States and he was forced to resign.
Volkov took office November 3, 2000, for a five-year term after the first presidential elections in the Udmurt Republic took place on October 15, 2000.
Milton Bluehouse Sr. was the fourth president of the Navajo Nation in the post-Restructuring of the tribal government.
On September 8, General Altamirano appeared in front of Congress to demand the passage of eight laws, including Alessandri's labor code and the income tax proposal.
Born at Cork in Ireland, he was a son of the Rev.
Asserting his claim as constitutional president, he established a government in Puerto Cabezas.
He joined the MPRP in 1923 and two years later was appointed chairman of the Auditing Committee of the Committee of the MPRP for Khovd Province.
By then the years had caught up with him and he had lost much luster and electoral appeal on a nationwide basis.
He was elected president in 1906 and served until his death in 1909, a few days after the passing of his son Álvaro Pena.
A career soldier, Abboud served in World War II in Egypt and Iraq.
Nicolae Ceaușescu later succeeded him as General Secretary.
He died in the city of Santiago in 1985.
In 1967, he succeeded M'ba to become the second Gabon President, upon the latter's death.
Dumbuya was previously the majority leader of the House of Parliament of Sierra Leone.
He was twice condemned to death in the 1990s, but eventually pardoned on both occasions and freed in 2002.
After leaving the Congress, he joined the internal line of the PJ that opposes Kirchnerism.
Simonyi was a member of the Hungarian-Nippon Society, a society for creating cultural links between Japan and Hungary.
General Alberto Herrera y Franchi was the provisional President of Cuba from August 12 to August 13, 1933.
Sentenced to death on May 4, 1940, he executed on the same day.
Juan Luis Sanfuentes Andonaegui was President of Chile between 1915 and 1920.
He later became an ally of the United States.
During the 1891 Chilean Civil War, he joined the congressional army as an artillery captain.
He was also an Australian rules footballer who played for Melbourne in the Victorian Football League during the early 1960s.
He established the Shinminhoe when he returned to Korea from the US in 1907.
Jōsei Toda was a teacher, peace activist and second president of Soka Gakkai from 1951 to 1958.
When President Haruo Remeliik was assassinated on 30 June 1985, Salii was elected in August to finish his term of office.
Baron Béla Wenckheim was a Hungarian politician who served as prime minister for several months in 1875.
At the onset, the NCRRR was also responsible for the disarmament of former combatants.
In June 1996, the first multiparty presidential election in Chad's history were held.
He never met his father, who left his mother when he was young.
He became Prime Minister of Iran on 18 December 1947 and was in office until 29 December 1947 for only 11 days.
In the 27th Congress of the Mongolian People's Party, he was elected twice as party chairman.
In 1975, he graduated from the University of Subotica, School of Economics, where he got a job as an assistant.
He was the eldest son of Juana Pabla Carrillo and the president Carlos Antonio López.
José Luis Tejada Sorzano was a Bolivian lawyer and politician appointed by the military as president of Bolivia during the Chaco War.
He was affiliated to the Social Democratic Party.
His name was mentioned as a candidate a new period during the unsteady government of Ramón Castillo, but his early death at 66 thwarted his plans.
Roosevelt had been Vice President of the United States for only 194 days when he succeeded to the presidency.
He married Ana Echazarreta in 1885, and the couple would have five children.
Born in Victoria, Tolmie spent his early life on his family's vast farm, Cloverdale.
He was Premier of Quebec in 1959 and 1960.
Nereu Ramos died in a Cruzeiro airline crash on 16 May 1958, near Curitiba Afonso Pena International Airport.
Emil Dominik Josef Hácha was a Czech lawyer, the third President of Czechoslovakia from 1938 to 1939.
Alex Tamba Brima, also known as Gullit, was a Sierra Leonean military commander.
Chuan Leekpai was the Prime Minister of Thailand from 20 September 1992 to 19 May 1995 and again from 9 November 1997 to 9 February 2001.
Mahmoud Bahmani is an Iranian politician and economist.
During the Bay of Pigs Invasion, he allowed the CIA-trained Cuban rebels to embark from Puerto Cabezas, on Nicaragua's Caribbean coast.
His effigy appeared on the Ecuadorian 50-cent coin from the 2000 issue.
He also named Irene Parlby as the province's first female cabinet minister.
She surprisingly defeated incumbent Mayor of Makeni Moses Musa Sesay in a landslide in the APC primary election held on September 2, 2012 in Makeni.
Scholars, starting in 1962, ranked Truman's presidency as "near great"; since then he has been ranked between 5th and 9th in historical rankings of US presidents.
He also led the founding congress of the Central Obrera Boliviana, an umbrella federation of labor unions, and was elected its Executive Secretary.
He is a member of the Sierra Leone People's Party, the main opposition party in Sierra Leone.
Shein is originally from the island of Pemba, and he is a member of the ruling Chama Cha Mapinduzi party.
Robert 'Bob' Henry Miller is a former Australian Labor Party politician.
Karamanlis resigned, and Sartzetakis was elected by the parliament to a 5-year term as the fourth President of the Hellenic Republic.
Sympathetic to both business and labor, Roosevelt avoided labor strife, most notably negotiating a settlement to the great Coal Strike of 1902.
Domestically, Reagan introduced several tax cuts and sought to cut non-military spending.
Previously, he was the Speaker of Indonesia People's Representative Council from 2004 to 2009.
Alfonso Antonio Portillo Cabrera is a Guatemalan politician who served as President of Guatemala from 2000 to 2004.
Under his "New Order" administration, Suharto constructed a strong, centralised and military-dominated government.
Luis Bográn Barahona was a President of Honduras, who served two consecutive presidential terms from 30 November 1883 to 30 November 1891.
Sein Lwin, as commander of the security force riot police was again responsible for dealing with student protests during the 1988 pro-democracy demonstrations.
Chiang was an influential member of the Kuomintang, the Chinese Nationalist Party, and was a close ally of Sun Yat-sen's.
MacLean served in the cabinet of Prime Minister John Diefenbaker as Minister of Fisheries from 1957 until the government's defeat in the 1963 election.
Once more Lechín's role was polarizing, as he attempted to create a parallel alternative to the established order.
Tolmie acceded to the request from the business community that a royal commission be established to propose solutions to the province's increasingly dire financial situation.
He saw action in Cameroon in 1960, and was wounded there while with the 5th Overseas Interarms Regiment of France.
Manfred Gerlach was a German jurist and politician.
His eldest son, Hu Shaoning, was the most trusted one and would often be called in by his father to consult on different matters.
Nkululeko Mkastos Sibanda was a Zimbabwean politician.
A month later he was appointed solicitor-procurator for the City of Buenos Aires.
He and former Prime Minister Goh Chok Tong were elected to public office at the same time.
Many members of Kolingba's ethnic group, the Yakoma people, obtained lucrative posts in the public, private and parastatal sectors of the CAR's economy during his era.
Harding's support gradually grew until he was nominated on the 10th ballot.
Some in the media referred to the younger Bennett as "Mini-Wac", which was derived from another of his father's nicknames, "Wacky".
Clinton presided over the longest period of peacetime economic expansion in American history and signed into law the North American Free Trade Agreement.
He served until his death on February 15, 2009.
He was chief of the Provisional Governing Council which handed the presidency to Getúlio Vargas on 3 November 1930.
Henderson was previously Head of Public Health for the City of Lancaster, Pennsylvania, the County seat.
He emigrated with his family, and settled in Kırkağaç district of Manisa Province, Turkey.
Yeltsin then scrapped the existing Russian constitution, banned political opposition and deepened his efforts to transform the economy.
Zlatko Tomčić is a former Croatian politician, the leader of the Croatian Peasant Party from 1994 to 2005.
When the post of Chairman of the Parliament was abolished in favor of the presidency, Chibirov became the first occupant of the new office.
He was one of the earliest oculists in Puerto Rico after his arrival there in 1817.
Dr. Tara Chand is a former Provincial Minister of Balochistan and Central Secretary General of Baloch International League for Peace and Freedom.
On July 26, 1957 Castillo Armas was shot dead in the Guatemalan capital by a member of the presidential guard.
Lt. Jerry John Rawlings is a former head of state and president of Ghana.
Had the Yugoslav state continued, Sapunxhiu was set to take over chairman of the presidency.
In 1959, he was reported to have been the president of Permindex, a trade organization headquartered in Basel, Switzerland 
He was Secretary-General of the European Economic and Social Committee 2008-2013.
He was buried in Damascus on 1 July.
He dominated his era as he dominated conversations...the masses loved him; he proved to be a great popular idol and a great vote getter."
Luis Ángel González Macchi was the President of Paraguay from 1999 until 2003.
Aleksey Maratovich Orlov is a Kalmyk politician and current Head of the Republic of Kalmykia.
Carlos Antonio López Ynsfrán served as leader of Paraguay from 1841 to 1862.
Tanis was defeated for re-election by John Momis in the 2010 presidential election.
He was a member of the Liberal Party.
On May 18, 1861 Congress authorized president Santiago Derqui to raise armies in the provinces of Córdoba, San Luis, Santa Fe, and Santiago del Estero.
Grant, ever trusting of associates, was himself influenced by both forces.
Ngiratkel Etpison was a politician from Palau.
He is a member of the Progressive Reform Party.
He is the longest-serving head of government in the history of Hungary.
In the general election of 1975, NDP leader Dave Barrett lost his seat in the Legislature.
He was brought to power with the support of France and the United States, who provided training, arms and financing.
When the Kingdom of Syria was established, Quwatli became a government official, though he was disillusioned with monarchism and co-founded the republican Independence Party.
In the 2004 presidential election, he ran again as the PRD candidate.
José Mariano de Salas was a Mexican general and politician who served twice as interim president of Mexico.
After the Romanian revolution in 1989, Constantinescu became a founding member and vice president of the Civic Alliance.
The first term of Fernando Belaúnde Terry started July 28, 1963 and culminated in the coup Juan Velasco Alvarado on October 3, 1968.
He took part in the launch of the center-left ARI, although he distanced himself when his fellow activists left the UCR.
The area they took over was renamed to Azad Kashmir, and became a self-governing division of Pakistan.
Thomas Atcitty was the third president of the Navajo Nation, serving from February 1998 until June 1998.
According to an article in Ebony, Ms. Hughes has a husband and three grown up children.
In 2002 he was granted a master's degree in law at Vilnius University.
He resigned as party leader of the Conservative Party of Quebec in 1874 because of the Tanneries scandal which implicated the government of Quebec.
Many times served as a minister, May 1920 – 1922 he was Speaker of the Constituent Assembly of Lithuania and thus acting president of the republic.
His political career was hampered by bad health and differences of opinion with State President Boshoff, and eventually cut short by his early death.
The protectionist trend was reversed by the 1990s with the liberal reforms of Fernando Collor de Mello and Fernando Henrique Cardoso.
Son of María Concepción Ferreira and Angel Joaquín Mora Coene.
During this time, he became politically active in socialist movements.
By 1875 Smithe had become the informal leader of the opposition to Premier George Anthony Walkem's government, but yielded the leadership to Andrew Charles Elliott.
Miller was the most recent Federal Reserve Chairman to come from a corporate background, rather than from economics or finance.
His brother was the anti-Soviet and Northern Alliance leader Abdul Haq, who was executed in late 2001 by the Taliban.
Bakalli began his political career in the youth organization of the League of Communists of Kosovo, eventually becoming its leader in 1961.
After the UFA entered electoral politics and won the 1921 election, new premier Herbert Greenfield asked Brownlee to serve as his attorney-general.
General Francisco Rizzo was the acting Spanish Governor-General of the Philippines, from August 13 to September 1898, after the Battle of Manila.
He assumed the post of Acting Secretary General of the Organization of American States in October 2004 upon the resignation of Secretary General Miguel Ángel Rodríguez.
As a result of Arana's failed coup attempt against the government of Juan José Arévalo, Castillo Armas wound up in exile in Honduras.
The beginning of the leftist insurgency led to Ydígoras being accused of being "soft on communism" by other figures within the army.
Cristina Fernández de Kirchner became the second female president of Argentina, and the first one directly elected as such.
General Tomás Miguel Guardia Gutiérrez was President of Costa Rica on two occasions: from 1870 to 1876, and from 1877 to 1882.
Alfredo Ovando Candía was a Bolivian president and dictator, general and political figure.
Doe disbanded the constitution and headed the country's military junta for the next five years.
His son, Nofal al-Dawalibi, is involved in the Syrian Opposition.
On October 20, Ponce Vaides surrendered unconditionally.
From 8 February 1853 to 20 April 1853, he served as president of Mexico.
On 22 March 2011, in a landmark ruling, Katsav was sentenced to seven years in prison.
Unlike many other Yugoslav communist officials, he remained a proponent of socialism after the breakup of Yugoslavia.
As Prime Minister, he generally tried to continue the moderate conservative policies of his predecessor, István Bethlen, although with less success.
In 1987 he was elected 14th president of the PAN party and in 1990 he won the re-election.
Gualberto Villarroel López was the head of state of Bolivia from December 20, 1943 to July 21, 1946.
In 1928, he went to India for further studies and returned to Maldives one year later.
William Nicholas "Bill" Vander Zalm is a politician and entrepreneur in British Columbia, Canada.
Ansari is also a representative to the Assembly of Experts and a member of the Expediency Discernment Council.
He is named mayor of Medellín in October 1982 by Belisario Betancur.
Maršićanin graduated from the University of Belgrade Faculty of Economics.
He was a recipient of a Centenary Medal in 2001.
He remained as Vice President until November 15, when Juan Esteban Montero resumed power after sweeping the election.
He was a staunch federalist and a prime mover behind attempts to move the Argentine federal capital to Viedma.
He died of diverticulitis and never assumed his position as president.
After his father's death, Álvaro Uribe focused his political career and became a member of the center-left Colombian Liberal Party.
When the left-wing Peronist Hector Cámpora was elected President in 1973, Perón returned to Argentina and was soon after elected President for a third time.
Johannes Sigfrid Edström was a Swedish industrialist, chairman of the Sweden-America Foundation, and 4th President of the International Olympic Committee.
ustad Mohammad Ibraheem Khwakhuzhi original resident of Kandahar born in Kabul on 29 May 1962 belongs to Baloch ethnic group.
While relations were good at the beginning, Daoud began a major purge of leftist influence in the mid-1970s.
The Ecuadorian military removed him from power in 1976.
Conteh, as the PLP candidate, placed sixth in the presidential election held on August 11, 2007, receiving 0.57% of the vote.
He then served as president of the Dominican Republic from November 24, 1903 until his resignation on December 29, 1905.
After Ra'd was shut down by the authorities, he then published another newspaper called Bargh, and became active in the Persian Constitutional Revolution.
Lincoln's 1863 Emancipation Proclamation freed about millions of slaves in Confederate-held territory, and established emancipation as a Union war goal.
He has been held responsible for both events by the opposition, especially by Armenia's first president Levon Ter-Petrosyan and his party.
He was the first director-general of General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade from 1965 to 1968.
He authored many books on international relations.
Pavlo Petrovych Skoropadskyi was a Ukrainian aristocrat, military and state leader, decorated Imperial Russian Army and Ukrainian Army general of Cossack heritage.
Subra Suresh is a scientist, researcher, academic, and most recently served as the president of Carnegie Mellon University from 2013 to 2017.
He is as yet the only Mexican President from the city of Monterrey.
His successor as head of state was Walter Ulbricht, who served as chairman of the Council of State.
He joined the WHO in 1983, working on a variety of projects including the Global Programme for Vaccines and Immunizations and Stop Tuberculosis.
Cristina Álvarez Rodríguez, Even today, Evita has never left the collective consciousness of Argentines.
Enrique Barόn Crespo is a Spanish politician, economist, and lawyer.
After 1986, Phoumi Vongvichit acted in his stead as president, though Souphanouvong still technically remained President.
He took office on 20 January 2007 at the beginning of the second term of President Marc Ravalomanana.
In 1987, he became deputy prime minister.
He joined the Radical Party and was elected a deputy in 1924 for Llanquihue and Carelmapu.
William Smithe was a British Columbia politician.
Carrera was the most important leader of the Chilean War of Independence during the period of the Patria Vieja.
Gaston Flosse is a French politician who has been President of French Polynesia on five separate occasions.
Premier Dave Barrett appointed King Minister of Labour.
King served as Leader of the Opposition until Barrett returned to the House upon winning a by-election in June 1976.
He was elected a National Deputy for Córdoba before becoming Provincial Governor in 1895.
The government passed into the hands of the Liberal General Rafael Lopez Gutierrez, on 1 February 1920.
Venceslau Brás Pereira Gomes was a Brazilian politician who served as 9th President of Brazil between 1914 and 1918, during the First Brazilian Republic.
The university was to be the capstone, available to only the best selected students.
In the 1996 film Evita, he was played by Brian Cobby.
He is regarded as one of the main Libertadores of the country.
He served as the 17th President of Liberia from 1920 until 1930.
He was the party's presidential candidate in the 1999 general election, losing to Arnulfista Party candidate Mireya Moscoso.
Đỗ Mười was an advisor to the Central Committee from 1997 until 2001, when the institution of Advisory Council of the Central Committee was abolished.
She is from the Socialist Left faction of the Labor Party.
In 1954 he received his license to practice law after successfully completing the bar examination.
After the coup in 1965, President Christophe Soglo promoted Alley Chief of Staff of the Army.
A lawyer early in his career, in 1876 he cofounded the school La Paz in Caracas.
Ñuflo Chavez Ortiz was a Bolivian lawyer and politician.
Mataskelekele had previously served as Vanuatu's first indigenous Solicitor General and a former Supreme Court justice.
Previously, he served as 12th president of Hope College, a private Christian liberal arts college located in Holland, Michigan.
Due to a shortage of revenues he instituted a poll tax in 1881.
He was chief of staff of President Manuel Estrada Cabrera and President of Guatemala between 1921 and 1926, after overthrowing Conservative Unionist President Carlos Herrera.
Marah served as a deputy Town Clerk at the Koidu-New Sembehun city council.
Milošević, who suffered from heart ailments and hypertension, died of a heart attack.
Sefati and some male jurists, such as Yousef Saanei, believe a female mujtahid can become a source of emulation, i.e.
Jim Sheasgreen is a Canadian politician and the former mayor of Fort Saskatchewan, Alberta.
Relations between the two may have been strained.
He graduated from Law School in 1858.
He was re-elected in the 1999 Northwest Territories general election, winning in a landslide with 83% of the vote.
These crackdowns have been described as part of a systemic anti-LGBT purge in the region.
He was captured in Palanan, Isabela by American forces on March 23, 1901, which brought an end to his presidency.
His birthday is celebrated as National Heroes' Day, a public holiday in Angola.
He performed an average of 10 charity surgeries out of the US every month.
He was assassinated in Colombo in a suicide bombing by the LTTE.
In addition to two independent Conservative seats, the Conservative Party captured 42 of the province's 46 seats.
He was the 49th Prime Minister of Italy from 1993 to 1994 and was the tenth President of the Italian Republic from 1999 to 2006.
He reached the Appeals Chamber of commercial law before retiring and dedicating himself to teaching.
Plavšić is, together with Radovan Karadžić, the highest ranking Bosnian Serb politician to be sentenced.
He lost his party's nomination for his 1996 reelection campaign after losing a tough primary race to Petar Stoyanov.
He served as a minister of economy between 1949 and 1950, and was elected speaker of the parliament in 1951.
The second presidency of Rafael Caldera took place from 1994 to 1999.
Grant's reactions to the scandals ranged from prosecuting the perpetrators to protecting or pardoning those who were accused and convicted of the crimes.
Historically indigenous Liberians had been marginalized in the colonial-style society developed by the group known as the Americo-Liberians, made up of immigrants and their descendants.
In October Ochab stood his ground against the Soviet leadership and is credited with helping to prevent a Soviet military intervention.
Dönitz briefly succeeded Adolf Hitler as the head of state of Germany.
His people are a largely rural minority ethnic group and indigenous, like 95% of Liberians.
Seyyed Mohammad Hadi Milani was a Shiite grand ayatollah.
Francisco Silviano de Almeida Brandão was a Brazilian politician who was elected Vice President of Brazil but died before taking office.
Before that, he was governor of Isfahan Province.
His 32-year term as General Secretary covered most of the period the People's Republic of Hungary existed.
He also served three terms as mayor of Victoria, British Columbia in the 1890s.
He had two sons with Elizabeth Ann Phiri: Sipho Philip Masewera and Guy David Zingalume.
He upheld the law and the constitution to the letter and won respect and admiration of all political parties.
Viktoras Muntianas is a Lithuanian politician of Moldovan descent and former Speaker of the Seimas.
He was involved in the 8000 process scandal, which takes its name from the folio number assigned to it by the chief prosecutor's office.
Punsalmaagiin Ochirbat is a Mongolian political figure and current member of the Constitutional Court of Mongolia.
Rashid Borispiyevich Temrezov; Karachay-Balkar: Темирезланы Борисбийни джашы Рашид) is a Russian politician who is the head of Karachay–Cherkessia since 2011.
Tisza supported the dual monarchy of Austria-Hungary and was representative of the then liberal-conservative consent.
He was previously Vice President of Tanzania from 2001 to 2010.
In late 2004, after effectively being confined within his Ramallah compound for over two years by the Israeli army, Arafat fell into a coma and died.
Carpenter resigned from parliament in 2009, and currently holds a senior management position with Wesfarmers Limited.
Vladislav Ardzinba was the first de facto President of Abkhazia.
As a student he obtained degrees in mathematics and economics from the University of Costa Rica.
Five years later he was elected President as the candidate of the governing conservative coalition.
His contribution to the successful completion of these negotiations was vital.
Mostafa Kavakebian is an Iranian reformist politician and representative of Tehran at the Parliament of Iran.
e went to school at Colegio San Jose and then studied law at the University of Cauca, where he graduated on January 27, 1852.
Trayan Krastev Stoilov, also known as Trayan Lakavishki, was a Bulgarian revolutionary, and leader of the Internal Macedonian Revolutionary Organization.
Hazen died in 1937 at age seventy-seven and was interred in the Fernhill Cemetery in Saint John, New Brunswick.
He was a deputy and senator in the Chilean Congress and was President of Chile from 1946 to 1952.
In 2007, he became the Board Chairman of Polat Holding.
Petro Konashevych-Sahaidachny was a Ukrainian political and civic leader, Hetman of Ukrainian Zaporozhian Cossacks from 1616–1622, a brilliant military leader both on land and sea.
In June 1975, he dismissed Saibou from the cabinet and asked him to relinquish his command of the armed forces.
As only the top two candidates advance to the second round of voting, he was eliminated from the race.
General Carlos Quintanilla Quiroga served as the de facto President of Bolivia from August 1939 until April 1940.
Norberto Camilo Quirno Costa was an Argentine lawyer, politician, and diplomat.
Díaz de la Vega was military commander of Puebla in 1849 and Tamaulipas in 1850 and then Governor of Yucatán in 1853.
Gustáv Husák was a Slovak politician, president of Czechoslovakia and a long-term Secretary General of the Communist Party of Czechoslovakia.
He obtained a degree in Sociology from the same university in 1977.
He was later appointed the Vice President of Sierra Leone under former president Joseph Saidu Momoh administration.
The official New Brunswick biography has the date of his resignation 20 July.
He twice served as Public Works Minister in Figueres' cabinets.
Smith was first elected in 1995 after defeating incumbent Mayor Jan Reimer and was re-elected in 1998 and 2001.
Ahmad Zia Massoud was the Vice President of Afghanistan in the first elected administration of President Hamid Karzai, from December 2004 to November 2009.
Sir John Pickersgill Rodger KCMG was a British colonial administrator.
Andrade left power as a result of the elections that handed the presidency to Ubico on February 14, 1931.
He practised law in Cassiar and Nanaimo before settling in Victoria and becoming a leading criminal lawyer.
Sir Boris Trajkovski GCMG was the president and Supreme Commander of the Republic of Macedonia from 1999 to 2004, when he died in a plane crash.
At the study development, then was visited Soviet Union and in addition to Serbian, he spoke Russian and English.
Nuzman is currently serving as the head of the Rio de Janeiro Organizing Committee for the Olympic Games.
Lee has regularly defended Japanese sovereignty over the Senkaku Islands since he left office.
Bourghani received his bachelor's degree in geography from Shahid Beheshti University of Tehran.
The president had the responsibilities to conduct ongoing wars and ongoing foreign relations, and to respond to sudden attacks if Congress were not in session.
Previous posts include Interior Minister and Vice President.
Vitalie Marinuţa, Dubăsari District is a Moldovan soldier and the country's Minister of Defence since 25 September 2009.
Gholam-Hossein Mohseni-Eje'i was the minister of intelligence from 2005 to July 2009, when he was abruptly dismissed.
He then attended the London School of Economics and Political Science, where he received a master of science degree in economics in 1972.
In independent Lithuania Stulginskis was in charge of organizing the national army to defend the country against the aggressions of Bolsheviks and Poles.
On 17 August 1981, MacLean announced his intention to resign as premier upon the election of a new party leader.
Gabrielius Landsbergis is a Lithuanian politician, a Member of the Seimas for Centras - Žaliakalnis constituency.
He studied at the school of Political Science in Paris and was a founder of Al-Fatat, the leading opposition party in Ottoman Syria.
He was the founder of the now defunct Salam and is a member of the Expediency Discernment Council.
He also had a prominent place in the ceremonies for Tsar Nicholas II's coronation and later had several private meetings with the Russian Tsar.
The Speaker of the Nitijela, Jurelang Zedkaia, appointed Zackhras as the acting president of the Marshall Islands until new presidential elections could be held.
He is the first Vice President of Brazil to have succeeded a former President mid-term.
He was suffering from a rare form of cancer, and died on 23 January 2016.
Spyrou Kyprianou Avenue in Nicosia was named after him posthumously.
Haja Zainab Hawa Bangura is a Sierra Leonean politician and social activist.
Prior to this, he was the Director-General of the World Trade Organization from September 1, 2002 to September 1, 2005.
When Epitácio Pessoa assumed headship of the government, Moreira became his Vice President.
He entered school in Bujumbura, but after an abortive Hutu rebellion in 1972, he and thousands of other ethnic Hutus fled the country.
Hong Jin, also known as Hong Myeon-hui, was a leader of the Korean independence movement.
A prominent member of the ruling All People's Congress, S.B.B.
After the Sudanese army staged a coup d'état in November 1958, overthrowing the civilian government of Abdullah Khalil, Gen. Abboud led the new military government.
His position was subsequently filled by Assad.
During this time he never was able to contact the leadership of the EZLN.
She ran for re-election for a sixth term in 2000.
He was an unsuccessful candidate in the 2003 presidential election and the 2007 presidential election.
He was appointed Attorney-General of the province, holding that office from 1915 to 1917.
Robert Mark Wainwright is a British civil servant and the current director of Europol.
Bartolomé Guillermo Blanche Espejo was a Chilean military officer and provisional president of Chile in 1932.
Sir Joseph-Adolphe Chapleau KCMG, PC, born in Sainte-Thérèse, Quebec, was a French-Canadian lawyer and politician.
Jorge Ubico, the dictator of Guatemala from 1931 to 1944 was forced to resign on 1 July 1944 by a popular pro-democracy movement.
On 4 June 1946, the twenty-sixth anniversary of the signing of the Treaty of Trianon, Simonyi-Semadam died at his home in Budapest.
He molded the disparate opposition into the modern Liberal Party of New Brunswick, instituting party platforms or manifestos.
He served as the Vice President and President of the Navajo Community College, the only American Indian-operated college in the United States.
MacDonald was born in Arizona, U.S. and served the U.S. Marine Corps in World War II as a Navajo Code Talker.
In 1971, he became the Chief of General Staff with the rank of colonel and named Commander-in-chief of the Armed Forces in 1972.
He served as the 17th President of Colombia between 1946 and 1950.
Over half a million people attended his funeral.
In March 2003 he lost his parliamentary seat during elections, denying him a chance at a second term.
I Gusti Ketut Pudja was an Indonesian Politician, and also first governor of Lesser Sunda.
He led the opposition to President Juan José Flores, who exiled him to Peru.
The plan was complemented by a series of privatizations, and was a success.
Noriega was tried on eight counts of drug trafficking, racketeering, and money laundering in April 1992.
Ismat Ismayil oglu Gayibov was the Public Prosecutor General of Azerbaijan.
As a commander in al-Hashd al-Shaabi, he has been active in the rest of operations against ISIL.
He is considered to be the longest-lived former head of state and was the longest-lived state leader until 8 December 2008.
He gave up the premiership in return for his son and 300,000 Swiss francs.
In 1973 Petro Shelest was forced into retirement by Leonid Brezhnev.
Afterwards these battles became to be known as the First Battle of İnönü and Second Battle of İnönü.
He became the first chief justice from Western Australia, and the third justice overall.
During Maga's term of office, Dahomey's economy collapsed; there was little foreign investment and unemployment rose.
A period followed in which parts of the south broke and formed the short-lived United Suvadive Republic.
During the British Invasions he served as Third Lieutenant of the Galicia Volunteers.
In 1970, he won the Vanier Medal of the Institute of Public Administration of Canada.
The PDPA took power in the 1978 Saur Revolution.
Jake Bernstein is President of Network Press, Inc. in Santa Cruz, California.
From 1992 to 1996, before the Taliban gained power, Abdul Qadeer was the governor of Nangahar province.
He was a writer, lawyer and diplomat.
Six months into his first term, the U.S. agreed to an armistice that ended the Korean War.
The family lived in Isfahan, the capital city of the Safavid Empire.
A series of military juntas then briefly held power during negotiations that ended with Castillo Armas assuming the presidency on 7 July 1954.
Rrahman Morina was a Yugoslav police officer and communist politician.
Kuniwo Nakamura was the President of Palau from 1993 until 2001.
Tun Ahmadshah bin Abdullah is a retired Malaysian civil servant who served as Yang di-Pertua Negeri of the state of Sabah from 2003 to 2010.
She is a close ally of Sierra Leone's president Ernest Bai Koroma.
Bajramović said nearly all the prisoners were executed and buried in mass graves.
A river, a lake and the small community of Bowser on Vancouver Island, between Parksville and the Comox Valley, are named for Bowser.
He also taught literature at the National School of La Rioja.
Torrijos is best known for negotiating the 1977 Torrijos–Carter Treaties that eventually gave Panama full sovereignty over the Panama Canal.
He ruled the country as 24th Prime Minister until his downfall and death during the 1963 Ramadan Revolution.
In February 1675 Dymitr Jerzy Wiśniowiecki nominated him podstarości of Niemirów.
After a political crisis involving the President and the Prime Minister, Kravchuk resigned from the Presidency, but ran for a second term as President in 1994.
He is a leader of the Democratic Forum of Romanians in Moldova.
In elections of November 2015 Kirchner was succeeded as President by Mauricio Macri.
Barnet was born in Spain but his parents were born in Cuba.
He operated as the Sector Commander Sector West UNAMID Darfur until he was forced into retirement in June 2013.
The practice reached to a peak during the Safavid era.
He withdrew from the campaign, however, after discussions with Laurier.
He served as the Prime Minister of Serbia in 1991.
Fatah's growing presence in Jordan resulted in military clashes with King Hussein's Jordanian government and in the early 1970s it relocated to Lebanon.
He previously served as the 26th Prime Minister of Turkey from 1983 to 1989 as the leader of the Motherland Party.
Despite his economic reforms which stabilised inflation, he resigned as Prime Minister after his budget was blocked by parliament, but formed his third government shortly after.
Petru Chiril Lucinschi is a former Moldovan politician who was Moldova's second President.
Following the elections in Bosnia and Herzegovina, Belkić was elected as a parliament member in the Bosnia-Herzegovina House of Representatives.
Even though she was almost 33 at the time, she ended up as one of the founders of the Otpor!
After the Dayton Agreement was signed he was elected to the National Assembly of Republika Srpska.
On 23 April 1876, he replaced Michel Domingue as the first president of the provisional government, before becoming President of Haiti non-provisionally on 17 July 1876.
Maduro graduated from The Lawrenceville School and later Stanford University.
Brownlee was unable to restore the province to prosperity in the face of a global economic crisis, and reluctantly ran budget deficits.
Ramsewak Shankar is a Surinamese politician who was the 4th President of Suriname, serving from 1988 to 1990.
Son of José de Obaldía and Ana Maria Gallegos.
In addition to being a Senator, he was Mayor of Remiremont and has been the President of the General Council of Vosges.
He was the youngest child of Barend and Elizabeth Burger of the farm Langefontein in the Camdeboo district of Graaff Reinet, Cape Colony.
He maintained close relations with the President of the United States George H. W. Bush during the Gulf War and the end of the Cold War.
Al-Yousify was one of the founder members of Brosik Association in 1936, then one of the memorable founders of the Democratic Party of Kurdistan in 1946.
He espoused a form of African socialism.
Unlike his half-brothers, Souvanna Phouma and Phetsarath, whose mothers were of royal birth, his mother was a commoner, Mom Kham Ouane.
During the late 1980s, Yeltsin had been a member of the Politburo, and in late 1987 tendered a letter of resignation in protest.
Lincoln presided over the Union victory in the American Civil War, which dominated his presidency.
Hart's coalition government was re-elected in the 1945 election by a decisive margin.
During the Iran-Iraq War she was the writer of war-related programs on Islamic Republic of Iran Broadcasting, the official TV and radio station.
He joined the FLN after the 1955 massacres of Muslim civilians by Pieds-Noirs settlers without reaction from the French army present on the scene.
He is today widely known as the author of the Sierra Leone national anthem.
Later, he was appointed as Principal, Sindh Medical College Karachi.
Colonel José Justo Milla was his vice-head of state.
Amir Murtono, also spelled Amir Moertono, was an Indonesian General during Suharto's New Order regime who gained prominence as Chairman of Golkar from 1973 to 1983.
Tan Sri Dato' Seri Haji Mohamad Tajol Rosli bin Tan Sri Mohamed Ghazali was the 9th Menteri Besar of the state of Perak, Malaysia.
Sándor Simonyi-Semadam was a Hungarian politician who served as prime minister for a few months in 1920.
Smith was named a West All-Star in 1960.
Brands has noted that the Grant Administration thwarted the 1869 Gold Ring in addition to the successful prosecution the Whiskey Ring in 1876.
Döme Sztójay was a Hungarian soldier and diplomat of Serb origin, who served as Prime Minister of Hungary in 1944, during World War II.
He held this position under Pearson and then under Pierre Trudeau until 1975.
Gao Lingwei; was a Chinese politician during the late Qing dynasty and the early Republic of China.
He was a candidate in the 2005 Polish presidential elections, but withdrew from the race because of low vote results.
He was, from a young age, part of the army of the last president of Federation of Central American Estates, Francisco Morazan.
Was secretary of Dalmacio Vélez Sársfield and collaborated on the writing of the Argentine Civil Code.
Alik became the 7th Vice President of the Federated States of Micronesia on May 11, 2007.
Yan Huiqing 顏惠慶 was Premier of China and President of the Republic of China in the 1920s, native of Shanghai.
Vladimir Novosiad is a Belarusian politician of liberal orientation, the leader of Belarusian Liberal Party of Freedom and Progress.
In 1989, he had a new constitution approved, and founded the National Movement for the Development of Society as the sole legal party.
He was accused of instigating and allowing excessive verbal aggressiveness against the opposition MPs during sessions.
His supporters claim that during his administration the party became the strongest opposition force in Mexican politics.
In 1956 the PAN nominated him as candidate to Governor of Chihuahua.
In 1949, he became the first President of the German Democratic Republic, an office abolished upon his death.
Tilley died in Saint John at the age of 77.
Under his tenure, the government of the Republic of China, while authoritarian, became more open and tolerant of political dissent.
He was one of the founders of the Lithuanian Christian Democratic Party and the head of its Central Committee in 1917.
The regime continued to be shunned internationally, and despised domestically.
In March 2000, former presidential candidate and convicted felon John O. Ngiraked claimed responsibility for the conspiracy to kill Remeliik.
He served as Vice President from 1870 to 1871 and President from December 18, 1871 – November 25, 1874.
Ludwig Derangadage Scotty is a Nauruan politician who twice served as President of Nauru and has been Speaker of Parliament since 2013.
Castelo Branco was killed in an aircraft collision in July 1967, soon after the end of his Presidency.
A conservative presiding over an increasingly leftist-dominated government, Quwatli officially adopted neutralism amid the Cold War.
He was born in Silvia, in the department of Cauca, December 14, 1825 and died in Popayán, September 4, 1890.
Edward Akufo-Addo was a Ghanaian politician and lawyer.
He is a member of the Community and Partners Advisory Committee of the Libin Cardiovascular Institute of Alberta.
She is the mother of CNN International news anchor Isha Sesay.
Alfred Paolo Conteh is a retired Major in the Sierra Leone Armed Forces who has been Defense Minister of Sierra Leone since October 2007.
The prominent event in his life was Austria-Hungary's entry into the First World War when he was prime minister for the second time.
Playford's policies allowed for the supply of cheap electricity to factories, minimal business taxes, and low wages to make the state more attractive to industrial investment.
He had been visiting his sister in Cabo San Lucas at the time.
Marović was born in Kotor to a Grbalj father and Montenegrin mother.
Predrag Marković is a Serbian politician, author and historian.
In 2011, the United Nations Security Council's Al-Qaida and Taliban Sanctions Committee added Umarov to the list of individuals allegedly associated with al-Qaeda and Taliban.
After Bolesław Bierut's death, Ochab became first secretary of the PZPR and served in that capacity between 20 March and 21 October 1956.
He was heavily involved in the termination of the Qajar dynasty.
Cárdenas out-maneuvered Calles politically and forced the former president into exile, establishing Cárdenas' legitimacy and power in his own right.
He was photographed at the signing of the Crow Tribal Agreement, with Stewart Udall and Arnold Olsen, in 1961.
The best-known of his foreign aides was the Nazi war criminal Klaus Barbie, who was extradited to France in 1983, where he died in jail.
He was born Mátyás Rosenfeld in Ada, present-day Serbia.
Born and raised in Koidu Town, Kono District, Diana Konomanyi is widely considired one of the most influential female politicians in Sierra Leone.
He was one the youngest rulers and the first not born during Spanish colonial rule.
Hans Furler was a German christian-democrat politician.
He earned a Diploma in Industrial Relations and Personnel Management from the London School of Economics and Political Science in June 1982, and an M.A.
William 'Bill' Desmond McGrath is a former National Party of Australia politician and Australian rules footballer.
A prominent member of the Agrarian League, he served as a member of Parliament, and as Speaker, before his election as President.
Another election was held in 1958, in which Ydígoras was elected.
Vicko Krstulović was a Croatian Yugoslav revolutionary, military commander and politician from Dalmatia.
Born in Lomas de Zamora, he was elected for the local legislature and appointed mayor in 1973.
Major-General Sir Archibald Edward Harbord Anson R.A., KCMG, J.P.,, was a British military commander from the Anson family.
In May 2013, Fraccari was elected as the Secretary General of the Association of IOC Recognised International Sports Federations.
On 6 July 1989, an ill Kádár died, after having been forced to retire.
Fernando de Araújo, also known as Lasama was an East Timorese politician who was President of the National Parliament of East Timor from 2007 to 2012.
After disagreements with Congressional Republicans led to two shutdowns of the federal government between 1995 and 1996.
Seriously ill, the president died in his private residence in Belgrano, on March 12, 1906.
Whether Khomeini's ideas are compatible with democracy and whether he intended the Islamic Republic to be democratic is disputed.
He was elected following a popular uprising against the United States-backed dictator Jorge Ubico that began the Guatemalan Revolution.
Álvarez's wife, Blanca Magrassi Scagno, an activist and important figure within the PAN, died on October 9, 2015, at the age of 92.
His image stands alongside George Washington, Thomas Jefferson and Abraham Lincoln on Mount Rushmore.
Supachai received his master's degree in Economics, Development Planning and his Ph.D. in Economic Planning and Development at the Netherlands School of Economics.
He was the Vice President of Sierra Leone from 1987 to 1991.
In 1953 he was appointed Deputy Minister of the newly formed Department of Northern Affairs and National Resources.
In 1967, he became head of the party's Prishtina chapter.
Thus at long last expired the last government of 1880-1952 period.
Carlos Enrique Díaz was previously Chief of the Guatemalan Armed Forces under President Jacobo Árbenz.
Maïnassara was named Army Chief of Staff in March 1995, under a constitution which had moved Niger from military rule in 1991.
A strong ally of General Bernardino Caballero, he was elected President in 1878 with Caballero's help and died from a stroke after two years in office.
His tenure as premier was marked by a period of population and economic growth unmatched by any other Australian state.
On February 26, the government announced that Choua was being placed under house arrest.
In 1969, Jiang gained a seat on the Politburo.
Kabui was believed to have died of a heart attack.
Every year on the anniversary of the SGI's founding, January 26, Ikeda submits a peace proposal to the United Nations.
Some policies of the Carías administration, such as road building and the development of coffee exports, were continued and expanded.
Duval County, where Jacksonville is located, Duval Street in Key West, and Duval Street in Tallahassee, Florida are named for him.
Francisco José de Paula Santander y Omaña, was a Colombian military and political leader during the 1810–1819 independence war of the United Provinces of New Granada.
Batul Soltani is an Iranian politician who is former member of the leadership council of the People's Mujahedin of Iran.
In August 1983, Paredes resigned over a dispute concerning the government's attitude towards the United States involvement in Nicaragua.
He was a member of the Kuomintang.
Melbourne did make the 1964 VFL Grand Final, which they won, but Miller was not selected.
He was the President of the Republic of China and Chairman of the Kuomintang from 1988 to 2000.
He was the first Sierra Leonean to produce school books for the teaching of Sierra Leonean languages.
On 8 May 1876 he surrendered the presidency to Aniceto Esquivel.
Afterwards, he held other positions: director of UAW Region 3 and the UAW chaplaincy program.
Newin was named after the Burmese leader Ne Win.
In 1991, she was selected as the head of the women's committee of Grand Khorasan state, and the advisor of the governor of Grand Khorasan.
Koo, was a Taiwanese businessman and diplomat.
Wang Ming was a senior leader of the early Chinese Communist Party and the mastermind of the famous 28 Bolsheviks group.
He was previously Prime Minister of the Sakha Republic.
Walker has also contributed to the web sites of a variety of publications including; the Village Voice, New York Magazine, Forbes, National Geographic, and BlackBook Magazine,.
His official title was "Supreme and Perpetual Dictator of Paraguay", but he was popularly known as El Supremo.
Bijan Namdar Zangeneh is an Iranian politician, who served as minister at different cabinets after the Islamic Revolution for 32 years.
French was born in Perth, Western Australia, and is a graduate of the University of Western Australia.
From 2001 to 2008, Ogi was a Special Adviser on Sport for Development and Peace to the United Nations Secretary-General.
King Edward VII of England referred to Cartier as "the jeweller of kings and the king of jewellers."
His government regularly tortured and murdered political opponents.
André-Dieudonné Kolingba was a Central African politician, who was the fourth president of the Central African Republic, from 1 September 1981 until 1 October 1993.
Previously, he served as Vice-President under Babrak Karmal's Government.
He was also a professor of constitutional law at the University of Sassari.
He was later elected as Vice President on 12 September 1980 after the resignation of Francisco Villagrán.
Kaifala Marah is a Sierra Leonean politician, accountant, Governor of the Bank of Sierra Leone, and minister of finance[1].
The Tehran Conference took place during his administration.
When President Haruo Remeliik was assassinated, Oiterong returned from New York to Palau on 2 July to take office of the President.
He attempted to reform the communist regime during the Prague Spring but he was forced to resign following the Warsaw Pact invasion of Czechoslovakia.
in Canada, a recent book on Dr. Peter Edmund Jones, an Ojibwa from New Credit, has shown Jones to have graduated few months before Dr. Oronhyatekha.
He was the first indigenous President of The Apostolic Church Nigeria, a position he held until his death in 2010.
Yuri Khmelnytsky was released from Turkish prison and furnished with the title "prince of Rus".
From a young age, Franco was interested in becoming a military man.
Electoral advantage was preferred to the public interest.
He was Governor of Rio de Janeiro State, then elected Vice-President of Brazil in 1906.
Bajramović's only merit before being handpicked by Milošević to vote on behalf of Kosovo, was being a Sergeant First Class in the Yugoslav People's Army.
He was the power behind the throne during the very short presidency of his conspirator Bruno Carranza, whom he replaced after a period of three months.
He returned to Hong Kong in 1977 to replace Sir Ronald Holmes as chairman of the Public Service Commission.
Société Cartier is a French luxury goods conglomerate company.
Through various means, presidents subsequently acquired powers beyond the limits of the constitution.
Trucco joined the Radical Party and in 1926 became its president, but resigned shortly afterwards due to his poor health.
Under the presence of the Allies in Iran, Tehran also declared war on Japan during his administration.
He served in both the federal Chamber of Deputies and the Senate, representing Baja California Sur.
He was most recently the Senior Deputy Governor and Chief Operating Officer of the Bank of Canada, the number two position in that institution.
He was elected Chief Justice, with seven votes out of eleven, by the Supreme Court on 2 January 2007.
He was formerly represented Semnan and Mehdishahr in the parliament from 2008 until 2012.
Chisholm married Grace McLean Ryrie on 21 June 1924, and had two children, Catherine Anne and Brock Ryrie.
At the age of 88, he was the world's oldest head of state.
To that effect, he bankrolled the Anti-Reelectionist Party and urged Mexicans to rise up against Díaz, which ignited the Mexican Revolution in 1910.
As Mayor, Smith was known as "Booster Bill" for his efforts in promoting Edmonton as the "Greatest City in the Greatest Province in the Greatest Country."
These protests eventually grew into the Guerilla group MR-13.
He is the brother of oil and shipping tycoon Vardis Vardinogiannis.
Sardar Qamar Zaman Khan was born on 19 August 1952, in village Panyali Tehsil and District Bagh, Azad Kashmir.
Mihaela Popa is a politician from Romania.
For his coronation in 1902, Edward VII ordered 27 tiaras and issued a royal warrant to Cartier in 1904.
Fraccari also serves as the current chairman of the Italian National Olympic Committee's International Relations Exploratory Committee and is a member of the CONI Council.
He served as the seventh President of Austria, between 1965 and 1974.
He published many articles on agronomy in Lithuanian press.
Clinton also appointed two Supreme Court Justices: Ruth Bader Ginsburg and Stephen Breyer.
A devout Catholic, he was an early follower of Albert de Mun and social Christianity.
However, after his resignation, Noriega reneged on the deal and had him arrested.
Juan Hipólito Vieytes, was an Argentine merchant and soldier.
He is the progenitor of Malek-Mansur Family.
He was the Governor of the Central Bank of Iran, appointed on 2 September 2008.
His image stands alongside George Washington, Thomas Jefferson and Abraham Lincoln on Mount Rushmore.
He was also an advisor to the former Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon and to Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu during his first term in office.
On 22 July 2016 he filed an appeal against his conviction.
On his return to Canada, he was Minister of Finance from 1869 until 1874.
While the cause of Arafat's death has remained the subject of speculation, investigations by Russian and French teams determined no foul play was involved.
He has been described as the "archetypal African dictator".
In 2005, during the constitutional referendum on the elimination of presidential term limits, Choua and his party boycotted the vote.
Prior to that, he had founded the Canadian Sports Fund for the Physically Disabled in 1979.
in French from the University of Southern Mississippi; her M.A.
He was employed by local administrators, and received praise from his superiors for his work.
Maarouf al-Dawalibi, was a Syrian politician and was twice the prime minister of Syria.
Coutoucou Hubert Maga was a politician from Dahomey.
He has been called the "bête noire" of Islamic conservatives in Iran.
After two terms in office, barred by the constitution from standing in any election, Rawlings endorsed his vice-president John Atta Mills as presidential candidate in 2000.
Maga retired from public life after his release, only making an appearance at the National Conference of 1990, which gave amnesty to all Beninese political refugees.
Valentine Esegragbo Melvine Strasser served as head of state of Sierra Leone from 1992 to 1996.
He was a prominent member of the inaugural Parliament of Australia following Federation in 1901, and was the first Speaker of the Australian House of Representatives.
Previously, Umarov had been reported killed or captured by Russian forces on numerous occasions, but all these reports later turned out to be incorrect.
Lieutenant General Shahnawaz Tanai is a former Afghan communist general.
Kamran Mirza was the Persian Prince of Qajar Dynasty and third surviving son of Nasser al-Din Shah.
He was Chairman of the Palestine Liberation Organization from 1969 to 2004 and President of the Palestinian National Authority from 1994 to 2004.
He was a longtime member of the All People's Congress political party.
He married in 1889 to Adela Herrán Bonilla and died in San José, Costa Rica on September 23, 1937.
He was born on May 6, 1859 in Caraguatay, Cordillera department.
Sakharovsky oversaw the KGB foreign intelligence division during some of the key events of the Cold War, including the Hungarian uprising and the Cuban Missile Crisis.
He was re-elected President in 1847, resigning that same year.
From 1992 - 1993, he was a people's deputy of Russian Federation and from 1993–1995, deputy of the State Duma of the Russian Federation.
He is said to be one of the longest serving Speakers of any parliament in the world.
He served as the Acting President of Malta from 27 December 1981 to 15 February 1982.
Pedro José Ramón Gual, was a Venezuelan lawyer, politician, journalist and diplomat.
Currently, Walker is the politics editor for Business Insider.
Doe opened Liberian ports to Canadian, Chinese and European ships.
Born and raised in Freetown, to parents from the Limba ethnic group, Conteh enrolled in the Sierra Leone Army as a cadet officer in 1976.
Upper Volta found itself under a dictatorship even before its independence on 5 August 1960.
Abdul Rahim Hatif was one of the Vice Presidents of Mohammed Najibullah since the 1988 elections.
Count István Tisza de Borosjenő et Szeged was a Hungarian politician, prime minister, political scientist and member of Hungarian Academy of Sciences.
He was a 3rd cousin, twice removed, of R.B.
His approval ratings were high and he was regarded as a moral authority in the state.
He ran for president again in the 2010 presidential election, but placed second behind Senator Benigno Aquino III.
As a Lieutenant, he led the military ousting of President Modibo Keïta in 1968.
Dr. Rangin Dadfar Spanta is a politician in Afghanistan who last served as National Security Advisor of President Hamid Karzai.
After being overthrown in an insurrection led by the FSLN, he fled Nicaragua and power was ceded to the Junta of National Reconstruction.
In 2000, Robertson published Memoirs of a Very Civil Servant, which recounted his experiences as a senior civil servant under five Canadian Prime Ministers.
He participated in Civic democratic primaries but lost to Přemysl Sobotka.
Hugh Desmond Hoyte was a Guyanese politician.
Francisco Carreón y Marcos was a Filipino general in the Philippine Revolution against Spain and in the Philippine-American War.
Belgrano died of dropsy on 20 June 1820.
Charles Francis Kondo Margai is a Sierra Leonean lawyer and politician.
The daughter of John Leichert and Annie Chyzzy, she was educated in Vancouver.
When Horthy confronted Imrédy with the evidence, Imrédy could not deny the claims about his heritage and resigned the premiership on 13 February 1939.
Jawara was born in Barajally, MacCarthy Island Division, the son of Mamma Fatty and Almami Jawara.
He remained in that position for most of the government of Joe Clark, retiring in December 1979.
Jenő Fock was a Hungarian Communist politician who served as Chairman of the Council of Ministers of the People's Republic of Hungary from 1967 to 1975.
Born in Budapest to a Catholic family, Imrédy studied law as a young man before he started working for the Hungarian Ministry of Finance.
Saibou then secured his nomination by the Supreme Military Council as Kountché's successor, subsequently sending military rivals overseas with diplomatic tasks.
Timur Beg, or Timur Sijan was a Uighur rebel military leader in Xinjiang in 1933.
He has been Chairman of the State Great Khural, the Mongolian parliament, since 2016.
Also dedicated to journalism, he founded the publications Alianza Literaria in 1876, La Mayoría in 1879, and Monitor in 1889.
Endara's term saw steady economic growth and a return of democratic institutions, but also high unemployment rates.
However, he successfully challenged Brown for the Premiership and Liberal leadership a year before the 1997 election.
Two years later, in 1996, Clinton became the first Democrat since Franklin D. Roosevelt to be elected to a second term.
Wasmosy countered by offering Oviedo a ministerial position, but soon imprisoned him.
Ivan Skoropadsky was a Hetman of Zaporizhian Host, and the successor to the famous Hetman Ivan Mazepa.
He was also the leader of the Bougainville People's Congress.
Boris Zala is a Slovak social democratic politician, a member of Slovak parliament and the current Chairman of the parliament’s Foreign Affairs Committee.
The children were the only family to gain freedom from Monticello.
His impeachment arose after he denied having an affair with a White House intern, Monica Lewinsky.
Eldjárn, a teacher in Tjörn, and Sigrún Sigurhjartardóttir.
In 1957 he was awarded a doctorate for his research into pagan burials in Iceland.
He was an important player in the independence movement of 1903.
In the 1970s, he established the Soka Gakkai International and initiated numerous international educational and cultural exchanges for peace.
His popularity earned him a late presidential term, but mounting pressure and political strife over his methods led him to suicide.
He was also a member of the executive triumvirate of the Second Mexican Empire that invited Maximilian of Habsburg to take the throne.
During his second term as Chief Minister he died in a controversial accident on 6 June 1976, in Kota Kinabalu, the state capital of Sabah.
He led the Military Aviation School and was subsequently appointed Air Force Commander.
Dr. Ramón Grau San Martín was a Cuban physician and the President of Cuba.
Mr. Long was born at Petit-Veyrier, Switzerland, near Geneva, on Oct. 11, 1915.
Prior to his presidency, he held the position as the 5th Prime Minister of Mauritania.
María Eva Duarte de Perón was the wife of Argentine President Juan Perón and First Lady of Argentina from 1946 until her death in 1952.
His entire administration had lasted less than 24 hours.
During the Iran–Iraq war, he oversaw the War Information Press, and was chief news manager of the IRNA.
The value of the South Korean won against the US Dollar was the strongest during his administration since 1997.
He is currently the adviser to head of the Lebanese Forces party, Samir Geagea.
Roosevelt took care, however, to show that he did not disagree with trusts and capitalism in principle, but was only against monopolistic practices.
He was the son of Martin de Sarratea, of the richest merchant of Buenos-Aires and Tomasa Josefa de Altolaguirre.
He was the acting President of Puntland from July 1, 2001 to November 14, 2001.
In 1945 he was elected a Senator for Valdivia, Osorno, Llanquihue, Aysén, Chiloé and Magallanes.
Planning for a new popular election subsequently began.
In 1933, he became a member of the Communist Party of Yugoslavia.
His presidency was the third, and the shortest, after independence.
Torrelio then retired and did not return to play any role in Bolivian politics.
For his central role in the Liberal Revolution of 1895 and for having fought conservatism for almost 30 years, he is known as the Viejo Luchador.
Đuranović made a state visit to the Czechoslovak Socialist Republic in October 1977, where he met with Prime Minister Lubomír Štrougal.
Urusemal is married to former First Lady Olania Latileilam, who is from Satawal.
He served as President twice, first between 1927 and 1931, and then from 1952 to 1958, serving for 11 years in office.
Manuel Amador Guerrero, was the first president of Panama from 20 February 1904 to 1 October 1908.
Hu Kexian died in Tainan due to cerebral hemorrhage.
Laksono is a supporter of Iran's nuclear program.
He was educated at the University of Lethbridge and the University of Alberta law school, and he practiced law in Lethbridge.
However, the place of Juárez in Mexican historical memory has enshrined him as a major Mexican hero, beginning in his own lifetime.
During that time, Mohammad-Ali Rajai was president and Mohammad-Javad Bahonar was prime minister.
Beldarrain holds a bachelor's degree in Law, majoring in Economy and Law, from the University of Deusto where she is a lecturer in Political Sociology.
He currently serves as the Secretary General of the Union of South American Nations.
Dr David Oliver Tonkin AO was the 38th Premier of South Australia, serving from 18 September 1979 to 10 November 1982.
Sir Donald Charles MacGillivray, GCMG, MBE was the last Colonial Administrator to serve in Malaya.
Blair had appointed several Acadians and other Catholics to his cabinet and other government positions.
He was also vice president of the Chamber of Deputies and of the Senate.
His views have also been described by many observers as conspiracy theories.
He was President of National Council of the Patriotic People's Front from 1957 to 1989.
France was granted its extradition request in April 2010.
Herrera was sent as a prisoner to Guatemala, where he remained until 1829.
These elections were so fraudulent that popular outcry forced a fresh ballot.
In 1985 he launched a coup ousting President Gaafar Nimeiry leading to him becoming the Chairman of the Transitional Military Council.
He was the father of actor Philip Ahn and U.S. Navy officer Susan Ahn Cuddy.
In Cuba, he is remembered for allowing the Platt Amendment to be enacted in the country.
He was elected senator in the 2014 parliamentary election and took office in July 2014.
Lachmipersad Frederik "Fred" Ramdat Misier was the 3rd President of Suriname, serving from 1982 to 1988.
Swarup graduated from Christ Church Boys Senior Secondary School in Madhya Pradesh, India, 1967.
He was the fourth President of Israel from 1973 until 1978.
Shankar was a member of the large ethnic South Asian community in Suriname.
He stood for re-election in 1965, and was defeated by Ferdinand Marcos, who subsequently ruled for 21 years.
He served as president of Colombia from 1918 to 1921.
Later he served as Prime Minister of Hungary from 4 February 1946 to 31 May 1947.
He is the leader of the Peace and Liberation Party.
They were joined the next day by other factions of the army and the civilian population.
In 1994, he was named vice chancellor of Jomo Kenyatta University of Agriculture and Technology in Nairobi, Kenya, a post equivalent to a U.S. university president.
Daryoush Homayoun was an Iranian journalist, author, intellectual, and politician.
After receiving an education in mission schools, he returned to Maryland to study theology.
He was educated at the Regent Street Polytechnic in London, where he studied Journalism, Political Economy and Political Science.
Gutiérrez's government was weak and he could not control the two main generals of the Army of the Convention, Pancho Villa and Emiliano Zapata.
He served as Vice-Premier between 1956 and 1966.
Austere financial reforms were adopted during his tenure.
William Pugsley, PC, QC was a politician and lawyer in New Brunswick, Canada.
He is currently the Treasurer of the Movement for Democratic Change party led by Morgan Tsvangirai and a member of the Senate of Zimbabwe.
He joined the Royal West African Frontier Force in 1941, serving in Burma between 1942 and 1945.
The nation suffered from uncontrolled inflation, a large debt, and massive currency devaluations.
In 1966, he was appointed as the Federal Commissioner of Establishment and he became a member of the federal Executive Council.
James Matthew Lee, PC was the 26th Premier of Prince Edward Island.
Sir Noel Plunkett Power, GBS was a senior judge in Hong Kong and Brunei Darussalam.
Blyden is the founder, CEO, and publisher of Sierra Leonean newspaper Awerness Times.
Since 1995, Nuzman is the president of the Brazilian Olympic Committee and a member of the International Olympic Committee and Pan American Sports Organization.
Francisco Higino Craveiro Lopes, GCTE, ComC, GCA, was a Portuguese politician and military man.
He had been José Ballivián's deputy aide at the Battle of Ingavi, for which he was rewarded as Ambassador to Brazil.
Ramón Barros Luco was President of Chile between 1910 and 1915.
He served as the Chairman of the Hungarian Presidential Council from 25 June 1987 to 29 June 1988.
He announced on 26 October 2009, that he was going to resign his position as Prime Minister due to health reasons.
In November 2013, she again became the council's president, maintaining the position after the 2014 municipal elections.
Lübke resigned three months before the scheduled end of his second term.
Álvarez Guerrero was elected first vice-president of the National Committee of the UCR in 1989, and in 1991 he became President of the National Convention.
Ferenc Münnich was a Hungarian Communist politician who served as Chairman of the Council of Ministers of the People's Republic of Hungary from 1958 to 1961.
Luis Antonio Herrera Campins was President of Venezuela from 1979 to 1984.
Before his country acquired its independence, beginning 1945, he was part of Dahomey's Constitutive Assembly and was re-elected for a number of terms.
Born in the town of Zacapa, González López studied law, and served as a judge in several cities.
Đỗ Mười was ranked the 4th-highest member in the 6th Politburo elected in the aftermath of the 6th Congress.
Mohammad-Ali Najafi is an Iranian university professor in mathematics and politician who held cabinet portfolios during the 1990s and 2010s.
In 1872, Grant signed into law an Act of Congress that established Yellowstone National Park, the nation's first National Park.
Posadas' early studies were at the convent of San Francisco.
Tens of thousands of Sierra Leoneans across the country took to the streets to celebrate the end of the war.
During the Japanese occupation of Indonesia, Suharto served in Japanese-organised Indonesian security forces.
Thus, when Károlyi turned over power to what he thought was a Social Democratic government, he was actually swearing in a Communist one.
Ebrahim Hakimi was one of the prime ministers of Iran.
Davis Filfred is an American politician for the Navajo Nation Council Delegate in the Utah Navajo Section.
Alexandre "Sandro" Rosell Feliu is a Spanish businessman.
He also served in several ministerial positions in the 1960s and became a member and chairman of the Academy of Athens.
Tschudi handed over office on 31 December 1973.
He was Honecker's deputy from 1984 onward, until he succeeded him in 1989 amid protests against the regime.
Chen is the first president from the Democratic Progressive Party which ended the Kuomintang's more than fifty years of continuous rule in Taiwan.
In 1978, Steadward founded The Canadian Research and Training Centre for Athletes with Disability at the University of Alberta.
Masoumeh Ebtekar is current Vice President of Iran and head of Environmental Protection Organization, being appointed on 10 September 2013.
Born in Bârlad in 1901, Gheorghiu-Dej was involved in communist protests and movements in the early 1930s.
In 1973 he defended his thesis "The processes of formation of the newly independent states".
Lennart Georg Meri was an Estonian politician, writer, film director and statesman who served as the second President of Estonia from 1992 to 2001.
Vicente Tosta Carrasco was provisional President of Honduras for ten months, from 30 April 1924 through 1 February 1925.
Nisira resigned the Vice-Presidency in February 2017 in order to contest the 2017 Papua New Guinean national election.
Although Miller contested finals in his first three seasons, including a Preliminary Final loss in 1963, he never got to play in a premiership decider.
Duhalde resigned as vice president and was elected Governor of Buenos Aires Province in 1991, and re-elected in 1995.
His election as president on 25 February 1891, by a narrow plurality, was backed with military pressure on Congress.
In 1960–1989 he was a member of National Assembly, later Federal Assembly.
Dr. Vladimir Bakarić was a Croatian communist and a politician in Socialist Yugoslavia.
'Žarko Domljan was the first Speaker of the Croatian Parliament.
Aleksandr Michael Sakharovsky was a Soviet General who was head of the First Chief Directorate of the KGB  from 1955 until 1970.
Adnan Polat was born in Erzurum, in 1953.
Born in Santiago, he served as President of Chile between 1896 and his death in 1901.
He is the son of Merv Hunter, who was the Member for Lake Macquarie from 1969 to 1991.
Until his death, he led the MPLA in the civil war.
In August 2010 he was appointed Vice-chairman of the UN panel investigating the Gaza flotilla raid.
Alejandro Gómez was an Argentine educator and lawyer who served as the Vice President of Argentina.
This purpose is an Islamic obligation, as science must be the basis for the path towards God.
He took the lead on several historic turning points including the 1970 Presidential election, and the Taif Agreement in 1990.
For most of his presidency, Indonesia experienced significant economic growth and industrialisation, dramatically improving health, education and living standards.
Here, he came to the attention of the CIA while attempting to find arms and funds for another revolt against the Guatemalan government.
He lives in Panama and his political asylum was recently renewed.
He was a co-writer of the Constitution of Papua New Guinea and worked to establish a secessionist organization in what was then North Solomons Province.
He was the 13th President of Portugal, and the third and last president of the Estado Novo.
He was succeeded by opposition candidate Ernesto Pérez Balladares on September 1, 1994.
In 1980 he decided not to run for another term, wanting to devote his remaining years entirely to continuing his lifelong academic work.
However, Goes Ahead was defeated in the election by Carl Venne.
He became the Senate's President pro tempore in the following year.
He was also the former head of the Institutional Revolutionary Party in Baja California Sur.
Insulza is nicknamed El Panzer in Chile, for his tank-like drive and reputation due to his ability to take political heat with little apparent damage.
After his request for aid from the United States was denied, he drew closer to the Eastern bloc.
She returned to public life in 2009 as an advisor for the British Columbia Conservative Party.
Ejup Ganić is a Bosnian founder and chancellor of Sarajevo School of Science and Technology.
Loukas Panourgias was a Greek athlete and footballer.
Najah Al-Attar is the Vice President of Syria, in office since 2006.
He was the son of Juan Vieytes and Petrona Mora Fernández de Agüero.
Veselin Đuranović was a communist politician from Montenegro.
In June 2006 he was awarded an Italian order of merit by the President of Italy given to the people for their services to society.
Yi Sang-ryong was a Korean Liberation activist, serving as the third president of the Provisional Government of the Republic of Korea from 1925 to 1926.
Maksim Kurmanbekovich Bakiyev, is the youngest son of former president of Kyrgyzstan, Kurmanbek Bakiyev, from his marriage to Russian-born Tatyana Petrova.
He was President of the Confederation twice in 1993 and 2000.
However, after the junta put Ne Win under arrest in March 2002, this assistance was removed.
The political consequences and interpretation of this desertion have resonated in the national histories both of Russia and of Ukraine.
Oswaldo Enrique López Arellano was a two-time President of Honduras, first from 1963 to 1971 and again from 1972.
The WHO became a permanent UN fixture in April 1948, and Chisholm became the agency's first Director-General on a 46–2 vote.
He was the uncle of Carlos Márquez Sterling, a figure in Cuban politics.
Lerdo died in exile in New York in 1889, but Díaz invited the return of his body to Mexico for burial with full honors.
He was the President of Puntland from November 14, 2001 to May 8, 2002.
Sporadic riots against monetary reform gave Novotný a chance to seize the upper hand.
From Montevideo Carrera traveled to Argentina where he joined the struggle against the unitarians.
Carlos Salinas de Gortari is a Mexican economist and politician affiliated with the Institutional Revolutionary Party who served as President of Mexico from 1988 to 1994.
He previously served as Vice President of Honduras from 1895 to 1899.
18 of January 26, 1909, for the establishment of the National Secret Police.
José Justo Corro was a Mexican lawyer, politician, and president of Mexico, from 2 March 1836 to 19 April 1837.
Amin was the only Khalqist elected to parliament in the 1969 parliamentary election, thus increasing his standing within the party.
Jefferson assumed the office after defeating incumbent President John Adams in the 1800 presidential election.
He was succeeded by Rafael Ángel Calderón Guardia, who ultimately broke with tradition and substantially increased the scope of the social state.
It remains unclear today whether the assassination was spontaneous or premeditated and the motivations of Kim Jae-gyu are still debated.
He was Vice President of the Autonomous Region of Bougainville under President John Momis from 10 June 2010 to 22 February 2017.
In 1933 he left politics when he was appointed to the Supreme Court of New Brunswick, serving as its Chief Justice from 1946 to 1955.
He received his early education at St. Michael's Institution in his hometown of Ipoh and at Penang Free School.
With their help, Ebert's government crushed a number of leftist uprisings that were, ironically, pursuing goals similar to those of the SPD.
He died while serving as Vice President on 15 September 2010.
Bektas Beknazarov; is a Kazakh politician who serves as the sixth chairman of the Supreme Court of Kazakhstan.
Bush was re-elected in 2004, defeating his Democratic opponent John Kerry.
Roosevelt took care, however, to show that he did not disagree with trusts and capitalism in principle, but was only against monopolistic practices.
He obtained his initial education from Panyali.
Mary Kelly-Lynch was the 20th president of the Camogie Association.
He gained a doctorate from the University of Banja Luka.
On 30 March 2001, he was elected by the Parliament to replace Halid Genjac as substitute member of the Presidency, following the withdrawal of Alija Izetbegović.
The popular agricultural reform of Árbenz was largely rolled back.
He was part of the Olympic team for the 1920 Summer Olympics, but he broke his leg and consequently did not participate in the Olympic Games.
Scholars credit Betancourt as the Founding Father of modern democratic Venezuela.
Castillo maintained Argentina's neutrality during World War II.
Tabatabaee died at the age of 80 of a heart attack in Tehran.
He was Premier of South Australia from June to October 1892 and again from 1899 to 1901.
Also, he was a minister in Romania.
It is claimed that he was awarded a title of Prince of the Holy Roman Empire in 1707 for his efforts for the Holy League.
While attempting to intrigue with German spies in the United States during World War I, Huerta was arrested in 1915 and died in U.S. custody.
Alia died on 7 October 2011 in Tirana due to lung disease, aged 85.
McNary was the Republican vice presidential candidate in 1940, on the ticket with presidential candidate Wendell Willkie.
While in office, he granted a Canadian company, Invincible Resources, access rights to 70% of Bougainville's mineral resources, and he was widely criticized for this decision.
His sister Martina de Sarrateas married Santiago de Liniers, vice-roy del Rio de la Plata.
Roh's pre-presidential political career was focused on human rights advocacy for student activists in South Korea.
Anthony Cheung Bing-leung, GBS, JP is the current Secretary for Transport and Housing.
He is considered a prime example of a 19th-century South American caudillo.
He also ran a website called "Democracy 2.0" to promote healthy online discussions.
Count Gyula Szapáry de Szapár, Muraszombat et Széchy-Sziget was a Hungarian politician who served as Prime Minister of Hungary from 1890 to 1892.
His authoritarian rule marked the apex of the Brazilian military government.
Holds a degree of Doctor of Law.
During his administration he worked towards making political reconciliation among the Conservative and Liberals.
He was found not guilty on all charges on 26 February 2009.
Nowadays, she is considered as a "National Heroine" of Paraguay.
Glen David Clark is a Canadian business executive and former politician, serving as the 31st Premier of British Columbia from 1996 to 1999.
Kádár engaged in increased international trade with non-communist countries, in particular those of Western Europe.
From January 15, 1993 to April 7, 1993, the Sovereign National Conference, which initiated the transition to multiparty elections, was held.
Between 2003 and 2008 he was the Board Chairman of Ege Seramik.
Seyed Ali Aghazadeh Dafsari is an Iranian politician and representative of Rasht at Parliament of Iran.
In October 1993, however, Ndadaye and his two top officials were assassinated, sparking parliamentary deadlock and civil war.
Bográn reached the rank of General within a few years, after successful military campaigns against Salvadoran military adversaries attempting to infiltrate national territory.
The United States Central Intelligence Agency considered Ydígoras as a candidate to lead the 1954 Guatemalan coup d'état, because he had support among the Guatemalan opposition.
Moreover, Ferdinand VII of Spain regained his throne in 1815.
Heng was born in Takeo Province into a middle-peasant family of Sino Khmer descent.
Two candidates of the BNP, Esa Noori and Raouf Mengal, won national assembly seats from the Makran coastal region and Khuzdar, respectively.
He was appointed to the Senate in April 2004, and elected as the Deputy President of the Senate in July the same year.
Collaborator and adviser to Leonid Brezhnev and Mikhail Gorbachev, he was one of the Soviet politicians closest to Western Europe.
Though the judge disregarded the jury's verdict, the trial's lurid testimony and the stigma resulting from the jury's finding forced Brownlee's resignation as premier.
He was the son of Sir Christoffel Joseph Brand, speaker of the Cape legislative assembly, and Catharina Fredrica Küchler.
He was the Vice President of Argentina from 2003 to 2007, under Néstor Kirchner, and was Governor of Buenos Aires Province from 2007 to 2015.
Cardenas holds a PhD in linguistics and is a university professor.
In Philippine history, he is best remembered as being the Governor-General from 1745 to 1750 who baptized Alimuddin I, the only Catholic Sultan of Sulu.
The resulting scandals did not fully emerge until after Harding's death, nor did word of his extramarital affairs, but both greatly damaged his reputation.
He granted asylum to exiles from the Spanish Civil War, and strengthened the educational system.
Unable to maintain Sun's good relations with the Communists, he purged them in a massacre at Shanghai and repression of uprisings at Guangzhou and elsewhere.
Chandler, a horticulturist, was educated at Scotch College in Melbourne.
in journalism from the University of Georgia; and her Ph.D. in communication theory and research from the Florida State University.
Jorge Fernando "Tuto" Quiroga Ramírez was President of Bolivia from August 7, 2001 to August 6, 2002.
Chairman of the Presidium of the National Assembly, 29 December 1945 – 14 January 1953
He held the chief minister post until 1964, and again in 1976.
His term ended on 12 April 2010, and he was succeeded by Abu Zahar Ujang.
He married María Argüello Manning, a cousin of Leonardo Argüello, 66th President of Nicaragua, and had:
Dmytro Ivanovych Vyshnevetsky was a Hetman of the Ukrainian Cossacks.
He served as President of Colombia for the first time between 1934 and 1938 and again between 1942 and 1945.
The US Federal Bureau of Investigation blamed the Syrian Social Nationalist Party.
Initially he was a partner of Ibrahim Hanano in his revolt.
Arrêt sur images described his background as "typical of a right wing énarque, bordering on the far-right".
Rodrigues Alves was elected President of Brazil in 1902 and served until 1906.
Lahai is a native of Kenema District in Eastern Sierra Leone, and a member of the Mende ethnic group.
Doe attempted to legitimize his regime with passage of a new constitution in 1984 and elections in 1985.
He is the first non-cleric in the post since the Iranian Revolution of 1979.
His government introduced the first Landlord and Tenants Act in 1938 and updated the Labour Relations Act.
Vice Admiral Didier Ratsiraka is a Malagasy politician who was President of Madagascar from 1975 to 1993 and from 1997 to 2002.
Johannes Rau was a German politician of the SPD.
Đỗ Mười is a Vietnamese communist politician.
General Tomás Regalado Romero was President of El Salvador from 14 November 1898 until 1 March 1903.
He is a prominent member of the Sierra Leone People's Party.
Solomon Ekuma Dominic Berewa was Vice-President of Sierra Leone from May 2002 to September 2007.
Dr. Kandeh Baba Conteh is a Sierra Leonean politician and political scientist.
Goo Kim Fui fully supported Sun Yat-sen's revolution toward a modern China and shared similar ideals.
Dr. Nagasso holds a doctorate in social history from the Goethe University in Frankfurt-am-Main and is currently a part-time lecturer of history at Addis Ababa University.
Cvijetin Mijatović was a Yugoslav communist politician who once served as Chairman of the Collective Presidency of Yugoslavia.
Despite assuming a ceremonial role with minimal political duties, Özal remained occupied with government activities, such as intervening in the 1990 Zonguldak miners' strikes.
Diego de Noboa y Arteta was President of Ecuador from 8 December 1850 to 26 February 1851 and 26 February 1851 to 17 July 1851.
Colonel Ely Ould Mohamed Vall was a Mauritanian political and military figure.
Since 1991, he and Prince Souphanouvong, Sisomphon Lovansay is Advisors of Party's Central Committee [1].
He served as Prime Minister of Iran twice.
Alhaji Shekuba Saccoh is a Sierra Leonean diplomat and the current Sierra Leone's ambassador to Guinea.
She was re-election easily in the 2007 Parliamentary elections.
The left won a Senate majority in the September 2011 Senate election, and Bel was elected as President of the Senate on 1 October 2011.
Yusril was formerly chairman of the Crescent Star Party.
He offered his services as volunteer in the militia but was declined due to poor health.
Monja Roindefo Zafitsimivalo is a Malagasy politician who was Prime Minister of Madagascar from March 2009 to October 2009.
José Miguel Insulza Salinas is a Chilean politician and statesman.
Edward T. Begay is a Native American politician who served as the Speaker of the Navajo Nation from 1999 to 2003.
In 1910, given the existing tensions between liberals and nationals in the debate over a common candidate, he was chosen as the representative for both parties.
Félix Gouin was a French Socialist politician who was a member of the French Section of the Workers' International.
Eventually he became a diplomat, and served in Switzerland.
Zápotocký favoured a more humane way of governing, but was outflanked by the Stalinist first secretary, Antonín Novotný.
Reginald 'Rex' Colin Townley was an Australian politician who served as leader of the Liberal Party in Tasmania from 1950 to 1956.
A significant increase in consumer expenditures because of the New Economic Mechanism, a major economic reform, reintroduced certain market mechanisms into Hungary.
28 years in the military, he was promoted to the rank of Major General in 1959 and Lieutenant General in 1974.
Despite his best intentions, Tejada seems to have been disdained by the Bolivian military leaders from the very beginning.
Francisco Higinio Andrade Marín y Rivadeneira was acting President of Ecuador from March 6 to August 10, 1912.
Prior to his appointment as Vice-President, Rodríguez had been the chief of Venezuela's National Electoral Council.
Jorge Isaac Veytia is a Mexican actor and lawyer.
Hart was named speaker for the assembly in 1948.
Before he was elected as Mayor of Freetown, Bode Gibson served as an elected councillor in the Freetown City Council municipality, representing Wilberforce.
He was an officer from 1858 to 1867 during the administration of Fabre Geffrard.
His father was also named William, but was usually called "W.A.C."
He served two terms as an Alderman in Calgary before being elected mayor in 1989.
He died in Fredericton as a result of blood poisoning from this incident.
Despite German protests, he allowed the French to operate a wireless station in the capital, Monrovia.
He worked in the Catavi and Siglo XX tin mines, both of which were owned by the mining tycoon Simón Iturri Patiño.
Then, he became one of Vojodina's representatives in, and soon afterwards the President of, the Parliament of Yugoslavia.
Van Rensburg married Elizabeth Maria Jacoba du Plessis in 1838.
Mohyła's troops were very angry about Kunicki's behaviour and he was sentenced to death and executed.
Goes Ahead remained Vice Chairman until his term expired in 2004.
Before that, he served as Arkansas attorney general, from 1977 to 1979.
His coup d'état led to the dissolution of the Greater Republic of Central America after his government withdrew from it.
Vaiben Louis Solomon was the 21st Premier of South Australia and a member of the first Australian Commonwealth parliament.
Noshad A. Shaikh is Vice-Chancellor of Liaquat University of Medical & Health Sciences, Jamshoro, Pakistan, the first public sector medical university of the country.
He was the first Venezuelan President to be impeached.
José Domingo de Obaldia Gallegos was President of Panama from October 1, 1908 to March 1, 1910 and Vice President in the administration of Manuel Amador.
Manuel Gómez Pedraza y Rodríguez was a Mexican general and president of his country from 1832 to 1833.
Sidi Mohamed Ould Cheikh Abdallahi is a Mauritanian politician who was President of Mauritania from 2007 to 2008.
His administration was characterized by Mexico's rapid industrialization, but also for a high level of personal enrichment for himself and his associates.
Sani Abacha was a Nigerian Army general and politician who served as the de facto President of Nigeria from 1993 to 1998.
Sindikubwabo is widely believed to have been a puppet of the group of military officers who held the real power.
Arthur Chung was the first President of Guyana from 1970 to 1980.
Luis Héctor Álvarez Álvarez was a Mexican industrialist and politician.
Alfredo Oscar Saint-Jean was an Argentine Army major general and politician, who served as President of Argentina in 1982.
He arose on a political scene where one's power was dictated by what region of Dahomey one lived in.
Saibou threw in his lot with Kountché in the coup of April 1974, and brought his troops from Agadez to Niamey.
Ilija Garašanin was a Serbian politician and statesman, serving as Interior Minister and Prime Minister.
Reconstruction after the Civil War took precedence during Grant's first term of office.
Ferguson died after a heart attack at his home on 13 February 2010.
The current family jokbo contains surviving members of family who are naturalized American citizens.
At some point in Busch's childhood, his father went to Germany, while sending the young boy and his mother to live in the town of Trinidad.
He also worked as president of the Constitutional Assembly that enacted the 1994 amendment of the Argentine Constitution.
Amor De Cosmos was a Canadian journalist, publisher and politician.
He is also the founder of the Afghan National Liberation Front, and served as the chairman of the 2003 loya jirga that approved Afghanistan's new constitution.
He sanctioned the Constitution of 1886 that created the Republic of Colombia proceeding the United States of Colombia.
He studied geology at Hanoi University of Mining and Geology, and was employed as a cartographer.
He died in Tehran of brain cancer on 19 October 1962 at the age of 91.
Known also for his literary activities, he is considered Angola's preeminent poet.
Latham entered federal parliament at a 1994 by-election for the Division of Werriwa, a safe Labor seat.
The party has nominated her twice as a candidate for the federal presidential elections.
Vincent Goes Ahead Jr. is an American politician and Crow Nation tribal leader of Montana.
He is widely regarded in Guyana as the "Father of the Nation".
He was the director general of Palestine Note.
from Yale University, formerly serving as the dean of Cornell Law School.
He was elected president on 15 October 1911 by almost 90% of the vote.
José Agripino Barnet y Vinageras was a Cuban politician and diplomat who served as President of Cuba from December 11, 1935 to May 20, 1936.
Schaerer was succeeded by Dr. Manuel Franco on August 15, 1916.
After the collapse of socialism and of Yugoslavia, Šuvar founded the magazine Hrvatska ljevica and the Socialist Labour Party of Croatia.
In 1946, he began his political ascent, being appointed prime minister on 21 May 1957.
In 2009, Mateša obtained a Ph.D. degree from Beijing Sport University.
He also worked as an adviser to prime minister Agim Çeku.
Also a track and field champion, Panourgias chose football.
Nicéphore Dieudonné Soglo is a Beninois politician who was Prime Minister of Benin from 1990 to 1991 and President from 1991 to 1996.
She was Senior Associate Deputy Minister of Human Resources and Skills Development Canada and Chief Operating Officer for Service Canada.
Jaime Rene Morales Carazo is a Nicaraguan politician who was the Vice President of Nicaragua between January 2007 and January 2012.
He studied law and theology in the seminary of his native city, and was educated in Quito.
William Andrew Cecil Bennett PC OC was a Canadian politician.
Stresser is the first, and one of two Sierra Leonean Head of State born after Sierra Leone had become an Independent nation.
Chen is also known to be the mayor of Zhongshan from 1998 to 2006.
Goes Ahead ran for a special election to complete the remainder of Birdinground's unexpired term.
Atcitty was elected Vice President of the Navajo Nation in 1995, with Albert Hale inaugurated as President.
Amina's brother was Mulla Muhammad Baqir Majlisi, the author of the well-known work Bihar al-anvar, to which Amina contributed.
He went on to study law at Thammasat University, Bangkok.
In an act of civil disobedience, Alvarez headed a caravan from Chihuahua to Mexico City.
She has held important positions with UNICEF since 1991, and was appointed UNICEF Representative to China on 1 December 2006.
Kadyrov has previously encouraged extrajudicial killings of homosexual men by family members as an alternative to law enforcement.
Indonesia's independence struggle saw him joining the newly formed Indonesian army.
Heng fled the country on April 1 for Paris, where he became associated with the group of exiles centred on Son Sann.
Sukarno was the first President of Indonesia, serving in office from 1945 to 1967.
László Lukács de Erzsébetváros was a Hungarian politician who served as prime minister from 1912 to 1913.
He has held the office since 2007.
Ahmed Farah Dualeh is a Somali-Danish community worker and politician.
After his very brief administration, he was elected Senator for Curicó, Talca, Maule y Linares and again President of the Senate in 1944.
He was born in Asunción on June 12, 1879.
He dominated the country's politics for most of the next two decades as its president once it was independent of the Gran Colombia.
John Tabinaman was the Acting President of the Autonomous Region of Bougainville, in Papua New Guinea, from 7 June 2008 to 6 January 2009.
Mohamed Abdi Hashi is a Somali politician.
He is also the progenitor of Kamrani Family.
Ricardo Maduro is a member of the Levy-Maduro family whose roots go through Portugal, the Netherlands and the Netherlands Antilles.
The court martial began on August 10, and he was sentenced to death on August 28; the execution took place the following day.
Alaiza Pashkevich was a Belarusian poet and political activist of Belarusian national-democratic rebirth.
Nilo Procópio Peçanha was a Brazilian politician who served as 7th President of Brazil.
An agricultural college called the Gilbert Chandler Institute of Dairy Technology at Werribee was named after him.
He resigned and went into exile in the United States in October 2003.
Ahmed Ben Bella was an Algerian socialist soldier and revolutionary who was the first President of Algeria from 1963 to 1965.
A leader who favored long-term planning and who set high goals for Brazil's future, Kubitschek is viewed inside the country as the father of modern Brazil.
He practised his profession in the law firm of Charles Fitzpatrick and Simon-Napoléon Parent.
During World War II he served in Eritrea, in Ethiopia, with the Sudan Defense Force, and with the British army in North Africa.
The position is now occupied by acting Attorney General Darmono.
Between June and December 1992, he also served as member of the expanded Presidency of Republika Srpska.
Ricardo Rodolfo Maduro Joest is a former President of Honduras and Bank of Honduras chairman.
His father Mahmoud Aden Warsame's mother is the daughter of Yusuf Dheere Mohamed Sugaal founder of the Western Somali Liberation Front.
His administration oversaw the creation of a new constitution and a presidential election, Dahomey's first since 1964.
He was the father of Expedito Leviste, Representative to the National Assembly from the 2nd district, Batangas from 1969 to 1972 and from 1978 to 1984.
José Canalejas y Méndez was a Spanish politician, born in Ferrol, who served 29th Prime Minister of Spain.
He was the chairman of Iranian football club Sepahan F.C.
Isidro Ramon Antonio Ayora Cueva was an Ecuadorian political figure.
Tahmasb Mazaheri is an Iranian politician and economist.
He continued to serve on the State Council until 2008.
Ahmad al-Khatib was a civilian member of the ruling Ba'ath party and served as president for only four months.
Ramos also aggressively pushed for the deregulation of the nation's major industries and the privatization of bad government assets.
He was a member of the Liberal Party.
He both founded and was the first President of Czechoslovakia and so is called the "President Liberator".
During his first term, he initiated a series of landmark social, economic and constitutional reforms.
Béla vitéz Imrédy de Ómoravicza was Prime Minister of Hungary from 1938 to 1939.
He served as the fifth President of Israel between 1978 and 1983 as a member of the center-left Alignment party.
He made a political comeback in 2005, winning that year's presidential election.
Sigvard Arne Eklund was a director of the International Atomic Energy Agency security council from 1961 to 1981.
Piet Dankert was a Dutch politician, a member of the Dutch Labour Party.
He took part in the War of the Confederation, the revolutions of 1851 and 1859, the Occupation of Araucanía, and the War of the Pacific.
Andrew Victor Lungay is a Sierra Leonean politician from the Sierra Leone People's Party.
The civil war pitted Marxist rebels against the Guatemalan state, including the army.
He was a lieutenant colonel by the end of it, a year later.
As the leader of the National Resurrection Party, he was elected to the Seimas, Lithuanian parliament, in the Lithuanian parliamentary election, 2008.
Educated in France and Vietnam, he eventually became a supporter of Ho Chi Minh and joined the Indochinese communist movement.
He was a member of the Generation of 1928 and a charter member of the Acción Democrática party, and the first Labor minister of Venezuela.
She was the fourth wife of Mao Zedong, the Chairman of the Communist Party and Paramount leader of China.
Óscar José Rafael Berger Perdomo is a former President of Guatemala.
After evacuating to Taiwan, Chiang's government continued to declare its intention to retake mainland China.
However, Carter lost the election in a landslide to Reagan.
Francisco Antonio Pascual de la Ascensión Ruiz de Tagle y Portales was a Chilean political figure.
Isaac Francisco Rojas Madariaga was an Argentine Admiral of the Navy and de facto Vice President of Argentina.
As such, Linh was often touted as the Vietnamese Gorbachev after the Soviet leader, who introduced Perestroika.
Salii was involved in the Palau Constitutional Convention of 1978.
Šeks served as the Speaker of the Croatian Parliament from 22 December 2003 until 11 January 2008.
He became a partner in his family's nursery at The Basin in Bayswater before following his father, Alfred, into politics.
He promoted the Inca plan to create a constitutional monarchy with an Inca descendant as Head of State.
He abolished the death penalty later that year.
Huang Hua was a senior Communist Chinese revolutionary, politician, and diplomat.
He appointed Bainimarama as Prime Minister the following day.
He also served five years as the Treasurer of Ontario.
Felipe Segundo Guzmán was a Bolivian politician who served as President of Bolivia from September 1925 to August 1926.
Leading members of the legislature refused to support Beaven and he was unable to form a cabinet.
He was the President of the Ukrainian People's Republic in exile.
The title of his doctoral thesis is "History of the Sayyoo Oromo of Southwestern Wallaga, Ethiopia, from about 1730 to 1886".
President of the Royal Parliamentary Assembly, 1920–22
He is the chairman of the parliament from 1989 to 1992 and 2000 to 2004, and a presidential candidate in the 2005 and 2009 presidential elections.
Paredes, an army colonel, came to power after Rafael Carrera was ineffective in quelling uprisings in eastern Guatemala and short-term governments failed to restore order.
Dodge as Governor but instead was passed over in favour of Mark Carney.
He was elected as Vice President by Congress on May 14, 2015, after his predecessor, Roxana Baldetti, resigned amid allegations of corruption.
Alija Izetbegović was a Bosnian politician, activist, lawyer, author, and philosopher who in 1992 became the first President of the newly-independent Republic of Bosnia and Herzegovina.
He died in 1990 after suffering a long illness.
He also played an important role during the Mexican-American War.
Declaring his political philosophy to be "left within the Constitution," López Mateos was the first left-wing politician to hold the presidency since Lázaro Cárdenas.
He was awarded Sri Lanka's most highest award to a civilian Sri Lankabhimanya in 1993 by President Ranasinghe Premadasa
Born near Glasgow, Reid worked a number of jobs as a young adult—including wholesaler, army medic, farmhand, lumberjack, and dentist—and immigrated to Canada in 1903.
In October 1838, Ferrera rebelled against the federalist government of General Morazán and fought to make Honduras a free state.
He died at his home in Blackwood near Tallahassee, Florida, on July 1, 1841, a victim of a yellow fever epidemic.
Indeed, knowledge is a form of worship and a form of jihad."
In 1987, Lechín—now aged 73—retired from the leadership of the FSTMB and was voted out as head of the COB.
In fact, the car remained abandoned in a junkyard until the 1970s, when a private citizen recovered it and restored it.
Abhisit Vejjajiva, the Democrat Party's leader, was elected by a majority of the Parliament to be the new prime minister in December 2008.
He has been keynote speaker at many conferences and seminars.
Juan Pablo Rojas Paúl was President of Venezuela from 1888 to 1890.
Alfredo Baquerizo Moreno was an Ecuadorian politician.
Reid took measures to ease Albertans' suffering, but believed that inducing a full economic recovery was beyond the capacity of the provincial government.
His uncle was the politician Petar Stambolić.
Later, in 1958–64, he was again appointed to serve as Secretary of Public Education, this time under President Adolfo López Mateos.
In February 2010, Blix became head of the United Arab Emirates' advisory board for its nuclear power program.
George Stewart Henry was a farmer, businessman and politician in Ontario, Canada.
Aimé Henri Konan Bédié is an Ivorian politician.
After leaving politics, Tilley became a county court judge for King and Albert Counties serving from 1935 to 1945.
Hazen was elected to the Canadian House of Commons as a Conservative candidate in the 1891 federal election.
Karasevdas competed at the 1896 Summer Olympics in Athens, where he won a gold medal for the host country.
He held the seat of Sungai Limau in the Kedah state assembly from 2004 until his death in 2013.
Field Marshal Abdel Rahman Suwar al-Dahab was the President of Sudan from April 6, 1985 to May 6, 1986.
Sheng's father was also a close friend of General Li Hongzhang.
The Quinault Nation hosted the Canoe Journey in 2013, during her third term.
Besides his work for the Independence Movement, Dosan wanted to reform the Korean people's character and the entire social system of Korea.
He also wrote several legal and political studies.
Massimo Cenci is a politician of San Marino.
On March 25, 2010, a communiqué on the Legion's website acknowledged as factual the "reprehensible actions" by Maciel, including sexual abuse of minor seminarians.
When Sifton left provincial politics in 1917 to join the federal cabinet, Stewart was named his replacement.
As an older gentleman, Sheehy was a politician, better known as Patrick Sheehy.
Ndayizeye remained in office until succeeded by Pierre Nkurunziza on 26 August 2005.
Vargas led Brazil for 18 years, the longest of any President, and second in Brazilian history only to Emperor Pedro II among heads of state.
Seen as pro-French and careful not to break his country's alliance with Morocco, he failed to make peace with the Polisario.
On 12 November 2008, Schmid resigned from the Federal Council effective 1 January 2009.
He previously served as Director for International Studies in Damascus until 2010
He was sometimes referred to as being part of the 'three-headed monster' of the 1960s in Benin.
Zackhras remained acting President until 26 October 2009, when Jurelang Zedkaia was elected as President by the Nitijela.
But only once did he complete the constitutional mandate.
He remained in office until his death.
In 1963, Ydigoras's defense minister Colonel Enrique Peralta Azurdia eventually toppled Ydigoras.
He remained governor up to 2001, being re-elected in successive elections.
He had first served in the Philippines as a member of the Audiencia of Manila, beginning in 1584.
He engaged in a series of negotiations with the Israeli government to end the conflict between it and the PLO.
A six-footer, Yeoh was described once as "the biggest but fastest Asian surgeon".
This proposal would later develop into the Compact of Free Association, an agreement with the United States that would grant independence to the Republic of Palau.
Lerdo was more successful than Juárez in his final years as president in pacifying the country and strengthening the Mexican state.
An economist and attorney by profession, Kabbah spent many years working for the United Nations Development Programme.
He served as Minister of Foreign Affairs from January 2002 to March 2003.
He is now a specialist on Ancient Egyptian Law and International Commercial Contracts.
After Yugoslavia was invaded in 1941, he participated in organizing armed battles in east Bosnia.
Cecilio Báez González was provisional President of Paraguay from December 8, 1905 to November 25, 1906.
Germán Suárez Flamerich is 50th President of Venezuela from 1950 to 1952.
José Enrique Hertzog Garaizábal was a Bolivian politician who was elected President of his country in 1947.
He was Swedish Minister for Foreign Affairs and later became the head of the International Atomic Energy Agency.
Carmen Mary Lawrence is a retired Australian politician; a former Premier of Western Australia who led Labor to the 1993 state election.
He currently serves as the Minister of European Union Affairs and as the Chief Negotiator for Turkish Accession to the European Union since 24 May 2016.
Jovellar adhered to the revolution, and Amadeo made him a lieutenant-general in 1872.
He spent more than 15 years in exile for his opposition to the last Shah.
Sitta Umaru Turay is a Sierra Leonean journalist and current member of the editorial Board of the Freetown-based Sierra Express newspaper.
As a result, Democrats regained control of the House in the 1874 elections.
He was the fifth Premier of Ontario from 1899 to 1905.
He rented property from William Warren Baldwin and his son, Robert Baldwin, becoming friends with the family.
The party only has two seats in the 51 member provincial assembly.
Nuzman was part of the first Brazilian male volleyball team at the 1964 Summer Olympics, when the sport debuted at the Olympic Games.
Birdinground served as the Chairman of the Crow Nation from 2000 to 2002.
She also received an Honorary Doctorate from Brown University.
Alexander Vladimirovich Yakovenko has served as the Ambassador of Russia to the United Kingdom since January 2011.
Ngiratkel Etpison founded the NECO group of companies in 1945.
Clinton's party suffered a strong rebuke in the 1994 elections, and Republicans took control of both houses of Congress for the first time since the 1950s.
He imprisoned or exiled his strongest opposition leaders.
He joined the Argentine Navy and had an unremarkable career until the 1946 election of Juan Perón.
Lleras Camargo served as congressman of Colombia.
Afterwards, he returned to Spain and served in the Third Carlist War, where he attained the rank of brigadier.
Grant attempted to annex the Caribbean island of Santo Domingo, but the annexation was blocked by the Senate.
Smith was a Grey Cup champion with the Edmonton Eskimos.
He served as director-general of General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade between 1980 and 1993.
After her interim presidency, she returned to her post as President of the Senate.
Goo's efforts to protect their rights from anti-Chinese prejudices meant that many Chinese were able to prosper in their work and living.
Mahmoud Sultanovich Sakalov is a Russian politician of Ingush ethnicity, who is serving as the Chairman of the People's Assembly of the Republic of Ingushetia.
He was born in Madrid in 1784 and moved with parents to Córdoba when young.
He was a member of the New South Wales Legislative Assembly from 1984 to 1996 and the federal House of Representatives from 1996 to 2001.
Momis served as a Catholic priest from 1970 until 1993, becoming active in politics and elected to the assembly in the 1970s.
In 1815, he fought in the Battles of Chacabuco and Battle of Maipú, in Chile; and then in the campaign to liberate Peru.
Ideologically an Arab nationalist, he was a founding member of the Fatah political party, which he led from 1959 until 2004.
Her son Mahmood Ahmadi Afzadi is the president of The News University in Iran, and a professor of the University of British Columbia, Canada.
His brother was Ian Robertson, Lord Robertson.
Lyudvig Alekseyevich Chibirov was the Chairman of the Parliament and later, following inaugural elections the first President of South Ossetia.
Bongo was criticized for in effect having worked for himself, his family and local elites and not for Gabon and its people.
Thus, it was left to Congress to determine the next Chief Executive, as stipulated in the Constitution.
He was a delegate of the Left Wing of the ČSSD to the Second Comintern Congress, held in Petrograd, 19 July – 7 August 1920.
His vision would lay the foundation for a democratic, 20th-century Mexico, but without polarizing the social classes.
Kouandété enrolled in the army in his late teens.
Eduardo Oscar Camaño is an Argentine Justicialist Party politician.
Arthur Dunkel took an active part in the Uruguay Round Negotiations of the GATT.
He was born in the village of Tanusi, Khunzakhsky District, Dagestan ASSR, Russian SFSR, Soviet Union.
Récsey countersigned his own appointment, neglecting the Diet of Hungary.
Robertson served as chancellor of Carleton University in Ottawa from 1980 to 1990.
He was educated at the University of South Carolina and studied and practiced law in Augusta, Georgia.
He led the Koos Group of companies from 1940 until his death.
Osvaldo Álvarez Guerrero was an Argentine Radical Civic Union politician.
He has since retired from political life.
At the same time, Kaunda oversaw the acquisition of majority stakes in key foreign-owned companies.
He was born under the Joseon Dynasty in Yeongdong, Chungcheong Province, to a yangban family of the Pungsan Hong lineage.
After two years he became vice-president of Vikonda concern.
The Conservative party was deeply divided and unpopular and the change in leadership did not improve matters.
The workers at Ford's Louisville Assembly plant elected Gettelfinger to represent them as committeeperson, bargaining chair and president.
Franco seized his opportunity, declaring himself Supreme Chief of Guayaquil and Cuenca on September 17.
Chief Kapen is a devout Muslim and a member of the Temne ethnic group from Kambia District in northern Sierra Leone.
Facing a military rebellion, Bernardes ruled under a state of siege during most of the course of his term.
Angus Lewis Macdonald PC QC, popularly known as 'Angus L.', was a Canadian lawyer, law professor and politician from Nova Scotia.
Following the end of the civil war, he was appointed as the Governor of Bougainville from 1999 until 2005.
Under his administration telegraphs, railways, an institute of sciences, several Colleges, and many new schools were added to the resources of Ecuador.
Throughout his political career he was renowned for his strong ethics and anti-corruption principles.
Paul Borg Olivier is a Maltese politician, former mayor of the Maltese capital city Valletta and Secretary-General of the Nationalist Party.
In the following years he became chairman of the Court of Appeal and finally, in October 1982, a member of the Court of Cassation.
Lemuel Tweedie died in 1917 at age sixty-seven in his home town of Chatham and was buried in the Riverside Cemetery.
She is the eighth president and the first woman to hold that office in the seventy-five year history of the university.
He also served as a member of the House of Representatives, and headed the Constitutional Convention of 1970.
He served as the 36th Premier from July 1986 to March 1988.
He is currently Vice President for Legal Affairs since July 12, 2016.
As a podstarości he also worked in the field of the intelligence service.
Gerald Götting was a German politician and chairman of the East German Christian Democratic Union from 1966 until 1989.
He died in South Africa in 1997.
Born in San Sebastián, he was sent to the Caribbean in 1858 and governed Cuba and Santo Domingo.
After leaving Iran in 1981, he resided in France and Iraq.
Holding no official political affiliation, Sartzetakis was President from 30 March 1985 to 4 May 1990.
His qualifications include a Major Degree in Business Administration and Higher Accounting received from Cannon’s International Business College Honolulu United States.
He currently holds the title of Senator for life.
Ahmet Mesut Yılmaz is a Turkish politician.
He was well known for his pro Peru stance and this is generally the reason attributed to his assassination.
The Blue Revolution in 1868 removed Falcon from power, and Villegas became Foreign Minister under President José Ruperto Monagas.
Phaedon Gizikis was a Greek army general, and the second and last President of Greece under The Junta, from 1973 to 1974.
He held a total of twenty-four posts during his political career, serving four times as Prime Minister of Iran.
He commanded Uighur and Kirghiz forces during the Battle of Kashgar against the Chinese Muslim 36th Division.
Mohammad Yamin was born in Talawi, Sawahlunto, in the heartland of the Minangkabau on the island of Sumatra, Indonesia.
Nicolás Remigio Aurelio Avellaneda Silva was an Argentine politician and journalist, and president of Argentina from 1874 to 1880.
He is currently the northern regional chairman of the Sierra Leone People's Party.
Sir Solomon Hochoy GCMG GCVO OBE was a Trinidad and Tobago politician.
The changes have occurred slowly over the centuries so that what appears normal differs greatly from what was the original state of America.
Mannerheim was appointed the military chief of the Whites.
A member of the Pan-Malaysian Islamic Party, he was the first Chief Minister of Kedah from a party other than the United Malays National Organisation.
Prior to that he was President of the National Development Council 1988–1994.
He served until January 31, 1956, whereupon President–elect Kubitschek was inaugurated.
Prior to his term as the Manila administrator, he was the governor of White Town from 1742 to 1762.
In 1991, he became an Adviser of Party's Central Committee.
As President, Volkov was the highest official in the Udmurt Republic, the head of the republic's highest executive body, and leader of its two million citizens.
While a fugitive, he worked at a private clinic in Belgrade, specialising in alternative medicine and psychology under an alias.
Prior to her current posting, Woodward was Director General for Economic & Consular Affairs.
He was an Australian Labor Party member of the New South Wales Legislative Assembly from 2005 to 2007, representing the southwest Sydney electorate of Macquarie Fields.
Patassé was ousted in March 2003 and went into exile in Togo.
After he was graduated, he worked as a lawyer and then as a politician.
As a worker he became a member of the Workers Union in early 1938.
Upon his return, he was elected President of the Council of the Republic by the benefit of age.
José Policarpo Bonilla Vasquez was President of Honduras between 22 February 1894 and 1 February 1899.
Álvaro Obregón Salido was a general in the Mexican Revolution, who became President of Mexico from 1920 to 1924.
He was Chairman of the Hungarian Presidential Council from 1967 to 1987.
In 1988, he acknowledged Israel's right to exist and sought a two-state solution to the Israeli–Palestinian conflict.
Samuel Schmid was succeeded by Ueli Maurer of the Swiss People's Party.
Obregón's presidency was the first stable presidency since the Revolution began in 1910.
He also briefly served as the temporary president in April 1952, and as vice president between 1952 and 1956.
He is a member of the Croatian Democratic Union.
In the presidential elections of April 2004, in which he sought re-election, Schuster was defeated.
He married Teresa Morejon Ferrera in 1878.
He ascended to the position after leading an army coup in 1954.
Viscount Philippe Le Jolis de Villiers de Saintignon, known as Philippe de Villiers, is a French entrepreneur, politician and novelist.
Perošević was born in a village of Ratkovo near Odžaci.
After 1996 he left SPS and retired to Montenegro, where he spends time skiing.
López became military leader of Nirgua in 1858, and participated in the 1862 campaign of Carabobo, that overthrew its head of government, General Marcos López.
He was in office from March 16, 1919 to March 30, 1919.
He was purged during the Cultural Revolution but later reinstated.
Algirdas Mykolas Brazauskas was the first President of a newly independent post-Soviet Lithuania from 1993 to 1998 and Prime Minister from 2001 to 2006.
Recently declassified material back his claims that his brother Hafez al-Assad was responsible, as do a number of commentators.
Educational reform and modernizing schools were two key efforts of Dosan.
He was ousted from power in 1985 and went into exile in Egypt.
He returned in 1999 and ran in the Presidential elections in 2000, but did poorly.
Miguel Lino de Ezpeleta was a Spanish Criollo born in Manila who served as the Bishop of Cebu from 1757 until his death in 1771.
In 1839, after Rocafuerte had left office, Flores was again elected president, and for some time there were no difficulties between the two men.
This inevitably led to growing intra-party tensions and disagreements over labor issues and personal ambitions.
For Schmid to have been expelled, the SVP's Bern section would have had to terminate his membership, and it refused to do so.
He has been in the cabinets of Abdul Aziz Abdul Ghani, Faraj Said Bin Ghanem, Abdul Karim al-Iryani, and Abdul Qadir Bajamal.
His terms as president saw Cuba's participation in World War I.
After the Chilean army was forced to sign the Treaty of Paucarpata on November 17, 1837, the scandal was gigantic.
He was elected to the Federal Council on 6 December 2000.
Plutarco Elías Calles was a Mexican general and politician.
He was Mayor of Cotonou from 2003 to 2015.
He was the older brother of Ali-Qoli Khan Bakhtiari.
She was the first woman to become Premier of a State of the Commonwealth of Australia.
After his presidency, he remained the leader of the Party of the Democratic Left.
Daniel Osvaldo Scioli is an Argentine politician, sportsman, and businessman.
His portrait appears on the Singapore Portrait Series currency notes introduced in 1999.
In 1778, with Jefferson's leadership, slave importation was banned in Virginia, one of the first jurisdictions worldwide to do so.
Yeoh's political career began in 1966, when he was recruited by the People's Action Party to stand in a by-election in Joo Chiat.
John Foster McCreight QC was a jurist and the first Premier of the Canadian province of British Columbia.
He also asserted that she helped her husband to solve the difficulties of Al-Qava’id.
Herzog entered politics in the 1981 elections, winning a Knesset seat as a member of the Alignment.
During Duhalde's term in office, a huge currency devaluation and an increase of the exchange rate led to a gradual recovery.
Mathieu Kérékou [ma.tjø ke.ʁe.ku] was President of Benin from 1972 to 1991 and again from 1996 to 2006.
Congress responded by approving the Act Prohibiting Importation of Slaves the following year.
The place was taken by storm by the combined forces under Caamaño, Sarasti, Alfaro, and Salazar.
He was sworn in as President of the Senate on 26 April 2010.
Stambolić was born in Brezova, Ivanjica, Kingdom of Serbia and died in Belgrade, Serbia.
Rómulo Díaz de la Vega was de facto president of Mexico in 1855.
in the media or "Ceece" by his friends.
Van Rensburg subsequently returned to his farm near Rustenburg, where he died and was buried shortly afterwards.
Major Jean-Baptiste Hachème was a Beninese military officer and politician.
He served as chairman of Vračar municipality in Belgrade until 1996.
He was a member of one of the most prominent political families in Syria, al-Azm, and the son of an Ottoman minister of religious affairs.
Educated at Harvard University, he attained a Bachelor of Arts in 1957.
Birdinground's predecessor, former Chairwoman Clara Nomee, was indicted in 1997 convicted of felony theft of tribal land in September 1998.
The former Supreme Director spent the next six years in 22 different jails.
He died in Charlottetown on 15 February 2000.
John Aloysius Thivy was a prominent Malayan Indian nationalist and the founding president of the Malayan Indian Congress.
Dobrica Ćosić was a Serbian politician, writer, and political theorist.
After resigning in 1935, Imrédy became President of the Hungarian National Bank.
He was assassinated on 14 September 1982, along with 26 others, when a bomb exploded in the Beirut Phalange headquarters.
He was the commander of Iraqi forces in the operation to liberate Jurf Al Sakhar during 2014 Iraqi conflict.
He worked on the ports of Le Havre before taking his engineering degree from the École Nationale des Ponts et Chaussées.
Hichilema initially disputed the election result and filed a case at the Constitutional Court to nullify the result.
He was succeeded by Ali Khamenei on 4 June 1989.
Liamine Zéroual was the fourth President of Algeria from 31 January 1994 to 27 April 1999.
Luis Arturo González López was a politician in Guatemala and the acting President of Guatemala from 27 July 1957 to 24 October 1957.
In 1997, the BNP was the largest party in Balochistan and Mengal was the chief minister.
A member of the Democratic Liberal Party, she served as a member of the European Parliament.
Justas Paleckis was a Lithuanian journalist and politician.
President Grant signed a bill into law that allowed the Postal Department to prosecute pornography through the mail, a law that is still in effect today.
Raynard S. Kington is the president of Grinnell College.
He was the Chief Minister of the State of Perlis from 1995 to 2008.
The people of Male' appointed Velaanaagey Ibraahim Didi, the vice president of Amin as the head of the government.
He was the last Communist leader of Bulgaria from 1989 to 1990, and briefly the first President of democratic Bulgaria in 1990.
Chairman of the Presidium of the Provisional People's Assembly, 4 December 1943 – 5 March 1945
His brother, Theodore Davie, later became premier in 1892.
In February 1860, during Pretorius's absence, the Volksraad offered Van Rensburg the post of State President, which he refused.
Höhne had a long career in the service of the Orange Free State, starting circa 1863 as Landdrost of the District of Philippolis.
Sunkari Kabba-Kamara is a Sierra Leonean politician and the current mayor of the city of Makeni.
Of the two, the latter myth seemed more acceptable to the populace, and generalized anger began to be displaced toward Tejada.
On 23 May 2009, both competed again for this position and Horst Köhler won his second term.
Before the presidency, Weizman was commander of the Israeli Air Force and Minister of Defense.
He won the election that same year, and served until 1904, when his Secretary of the Treasury, Arthur Barclay, succeeded him.
Wong was also the secretary-general for Malaysian Chinese Association from 2008 to 2010 who was picked by the former president Ong Tee Keat then.
Mary O'Callaghan was the 21st president of the Camogie Association.
He also served as the city's mayor.
Dame Barbara Janet Woodward DCMG OBE is a British diplomat and China expert.
His administration was marked by internal fighting and corruption scandals, and his popularity plummeted.
Respected for his populist platform, Leviste governed Batangas during an unprecedented twenty four years, winning six elections in the process.
His expression "Bir kərə yüksələn bayraq, bir daha enməz!"
He was the chairman of the Mongolian People's Revolutionary Party from 1997 to 2005.
Atcitty was sworn in to serve the rest of the term.
Due to his bravery on the battlefield, he was promoted by General Morazán.
It does so by making available, discreetly and in confidence, the experience of former leaders to today’s national leaders.
Théodore Sindikubwabo was the interim President of Rwanda during the Rwandan genocide, from April 9 to July 19, 1994.
Tilley articled in law with Sir Frederick Barker, was called to the bar in 1893 and set up practice in Saint John.
Didjob Divungi Di Ndinge is a Gabonese politician who was Vice-President of Gabon from 1997 to 2009.
When Harding ran for the Republican nomination for president in 1920 he was considered a long shot until after the convention began.
Mikhail Yefimovich Nikolayev, was the president of the Sakha Republic from 1991 to January 2002.
He led the North and East Army Divisions to fight in the Mexican-American War, defending Northern and Eastern Mexican territory.
He was briefly a political prisoner of the regime of Colonel Jean-Baptiste Bagaza in 1985.
Iloilo claimed to have the "full support" of the security forces and directed the military to take "all reasonable steps" to maintain law and order.
From October 2009 to October 2012, she was Commissioner and Chief Executive Officer of the Canada Revenue Agency.
Hu Kexian was very talented in Chinese calligraphy.
On 4 August 2013, he was nominated for as minister of labour to the incumbent cabinet by Hassan Rouhani.
He had served as acting vice-president before taking over from Mohammad Zaher Aghbar.
He began his career in the Imperial German Navy before World War I.
However, in February 1998 Hale stepped down from office because of scandals including spending inappropriately, taking gifts and a sexual affair while in office.
He was a knight of the Order of Santiago.
As a leader of the pro-Western bloc in Africa he received support from the West during the Cold War.
In 1945 he became Special Assistant to the European Director of the United Nations Relief and Rehabilitation Administration.
When a group of UFA backbenchers grew frustrated with Greenfield's weak leadership, they asked Brownlee to replace him.
He also served as president of Yaracuy state.
He was the last Communist Prime Minister of Hungary.
In June 1978, a PDPA Central Committee meeting voted in favor of giving the Khalqist faction exclusive control over PDPA policy.
He is also a former Chairman of the Verkhovna Rada and People's Deputy of Ukraine serving in the Social Democratic Party of Ukraine faction.
Serving as a lawyer, judge, and politician in the Russian Grand Duchy of Finland, he played a major role in the movement for Finnish independence.
He is survived by his wife, the former Francine Roels, whom he married in 1946, and by two daughters and a son, Dr. Eric Long [1].
He was a member of the Colorado Party.
His pro-poor program of government bore fruit in less than two years, with a significant improvement in the country's peace and order situation.
Iropa Maurice Kouandété was a military officer and politician in Benin.
He was later granted early release on 1 September 2013, and he returned to Republika Srpska.
Playford inherited a minority government and many independents to deal with, and instability was expected; Playford was seen as a transitional leader.
After living in the countryside for some years, Kádár and his mother moved to Budapest.
Nevertheless, the civil war was not declared due to opposition by other members of the presidency.
He was later re-elected congressman various times between 1963 and 1979.
Lương was born in Quảng Ngãi Province, and moved to Hanoi after leaving school in 1955.
In 1920, he went abroad to Ceylon and studied in St. Josephs College.
Bockarie Stevens is a prominet member of the All People's Congress political party.
In 1999, Juan-Saunders, together with running mate Ned Norris, Jr., challenged incumbent Tohono O'odham Chairman Edward D. Manuel for the chairmanship in the executive election.
He began work as a clerk with the Bank of New Brunswick at Saint John.
He was subsequently Agent-General for South Australia from 1905 to 1908.
Butler would also variously serve as Speaker of the House of Assembly, and as a minister under Premiers Charles Kingston, John Jenkins and Archibald Peake.
He resigned from his position in late November 1989, amid the Velvet Revolution.
Those supporting Tolmie, ran as Unionists, and those grouped around William John Bowser, a former premier, ran as Non-Partisans.
Hernando Siles' older son, Hernán Siles Zuazo, became himself Constitutional President of Bolivia, ruling from 1956 to 1960, and again from 1982 to 1985.
Juan Vicente Gómez Chacón was a military general and de facto ruler of Venezuela from 1908 until his death in 1935.
He is fluent in English, French and German as well as his native Turkish.
Luis Pérez Dasmariñas was a Spanish soldier and governor of the Philippines from December 3, 1593 to July 14, 1596.
He served as president, initially of North Vietnam from September 2, 1969, and later of a united Vietnam, until his death in 1980.
His term commenced on 22 May 2009.
Evidence strongly implied that China's provisional president, Yuan Shikai, was responsible for his assassination.
Caldera taught sociology and law at various universities before entering politics.
Dragan Tomić is a former Speaker of the National Assembly, holding the position from 1994 to 2001.
Robert Raymond Reid was the fourth territorial governor of Florida.
However, when he went into exile in the Palestine in the 1930s, he received money from fascist Italy and promised an oil concession in northern Iran.
A Conservative party politician, Abadía was the last president of the period known as the Conservative Hegemony, running unopposed and forming a one party Cabinet.
His family trace their origins to Longhai, Fujian Province, China.
Sergej Kraigher was a Yugoslav Communist politician from Slovenia who served as the President of the Presidency of Yugoslavia from 1981 to 1982.
Shagari was made the Turaki of the fula Sokoto Caliphate in 1962 by the Sultan of Sokoto Siddiq Abubakar III.
Kouandété seized the presidency, although he was unsure how to wield it.
The administration was immediately plagued by serious difficulties stemming from the Great Depression and the eruption of the Chaco War between Bolivia and Paraguay.
He received his degree from Veljko Vlahović University's Faculty of Law in Titograd.
Under President Michael Sata, Lungu served as Minister of Justice and Minister of Defense.
Egon Alfred Klepsch was a German politician.
Dany Chamoun was a prominent Lebanese politician.
Bourghani stood up in the Court in front of the young presiding judge, Saeed Mortazavi, and defended the freedom of the press.
He graduated from Işık High School in 1971 and Long Island University Business Management department in 1976.
On an 18 May visit to Kibuye Prefecture, he congratulated the people on how well they had done their "work".
Mohammad Ali Foroughi Zoka-ol-Molk was a teacher, diplomat, writer, politician and 3-time Prime Minister of Iran.
In 1889, he became Attorney-General under Premier John Robson, and succeeded Robson as premier in 1892.
He ran as a candidate in the 1965 parliamentary election but failed to secure a seat.
He was a member of the Constitutional Liberal Party until he broke with it to help form the Alliance for the Republic.
The Quebec town of Grandmont changed its name to Saint-Gédéon in honour of Ouimet.
Before 1673 Kunicki became a collaborator of hetman Petro Doroshenko.
He succeeded in winning the 1988 presidential election.
Gulbahar is located 76 km north the Afghanistan capital Kabul.
His appointment as president of Carnegie Mellon University was announced on 5 February 2013.
Otto Arosemena Gómez was President of Ecuador, 16 November 1966 to 1 September 1968.
Four years later, in the 1956 presidential election, he defeated Stevenson in a landslide again, winning a second term in office.
In 1831, when he was still a child, his family relocated to Liberia under the sponsorship of the American Colonization Society.
Before becoming head-of-state, Yusof was a well-known journalist and co-founded Utusan Melayu, which is still in publication today.
Károly Grósz [ˈkaːroj ˈɡroːs] was a Hungarian communist politician, who served as the General Secretary of the Hungarian Socialist Workers' Party from 1988 to 1989.
He served as Minister of Defense of Moldova between 29 December 2004 and 11 June 2007.
He worked in INA since 1978, where he rose through the ranks to the position of an assistant director.
Multi-party elections took place in 1991, in which Frederick Chiluba, the leader of the Movement for Multiparty Democracy, ousted Kaunda.
After winning the election, they were inaugurated on 15 January 2009.
He studied military science and rose to the rank of general.
He was a candidate in the 1996 Hong Kong Chief Executive election, where he lost to his opponent Tung Chee-Hwa.
Paksas was later impeached and removed from office by a parliamentary vote on 6 April 2004.
Ricardo Samper Ibáñez was a Spanish political figure during the Second Spanish Republic.
In 14th congress he assumed chairmanship of the Foreign Affairs Committee.
Bush also sought immigration reform and major changes to Social Security, but both efforts failed.
Johannes Brand married in 1851 to Johanna Sibella Zastron, a daughter of the Registrar of Deeds in Cape Town.
In the 2000 elections the HSS-led coalition came in third, winning 25 seats, of which 17 went to HSS.
Another important political achievement of Cárdenas was his complete surrender of power to his successor when his presidential term was completed in 1940.
He was serving as Prime Minister when he was appointed President by the French authorities after the resignation of Emile Edde.
Suharto was the second President of Indonesia, having held the office for 31 years from 1967 following Sukarno's removal until his resignation in 1998.
However, she had little time to implement any new programs, since she faced a statutory general election in October.
Khan was elected as its first President at the age of 32 in 1948.
In 1858, when Schoeman fell ill, Van Rensburg was appointed as acting commandant-general.
Another reason could have been the power of the two oilmen, since they were both running the Saudi petroleum industry.
By this treaty Hungary lost a considerable part of its territory.
Medina was born in San Cristóbal, Venezuela, and graduated from the Military academy of Venezuela in 1914.
In 1977, he also became the ASEAN Inter-Parliamentary Organization's first president.
He was the President of Uganda from 29 July 1985 until 26 January 1986.
Choua is the President of the RDP Parliamentary Group in the National Assembly.
In his Zhengfawei role, Luo held oversight for many law-enforcement institutions, including the police, public security officers, armed police, labor camps, prisons, and the judicial system.
He is currently a Representative of the Republic of North Ossetia in the Federation Republic.
He was the Spanish ambassador to France from 1983 to 1986.
Jim Hoagland of The Washington Post described Kouandété as a "moody, brilliant and highly ambitious soldier".
He is a legal scholar and holds a B.A.
In the vote, he received 134 votes against 173 votes for Larcher.
He was a member of the Colorado Party.
He was a politician of the Yugoslav republic of Bosnia and Herzegovina, and a statesman of leftist political orientation.
While he officially retired from politics in 1997, Đỗ Mười continues to influence decision-making.
On February 15, 2007, Russian President Vladimir Putin dismissed Alkhanov as the Chechen President and appointed him a Deputy Justice Minister of Russia.
At the time of the collapse of the first administration of Carlos Ibáñez del Campo in 1931, he was the President of the Senate.
Tan Sri Dato' Seri DiRaja Ramli bin Ngah Talib is a Malaysian politician who was active in the United Malays National Organisation.
In 1988, he won an unprecedented eighth term on a majority, according to official figures, of between 90 and 98 percent of the registered vote.
When Manning decided to resign in 1968, Strom became a candidate to succeed him, and finished on top of a six candidate field.
Elpidio González was an Argentine politician of the Radical Civic Union.
Honecker's eighteen years at the helm of the soon-to-collapse German Democratic Republic came to an end.
The Liberal rallying cry, "All's Well With Angus L.," was so effective that the Conservatives despaired of ever beating Macdonald.
There he spent seven years, until he was appointed general manager of Modriča.
Doe, a member of the Krahn tribe from inland Liberia, was the first indigenous head of state in Liberian history.
He was the first democratically elected and first Hutu president of Burundi after winning the landmark 1993 election.
Many of his reforms, however, were crippled by a Congress dominated by the rival Nacionalista Party.
Josip Leko is a Croatian politician who served as a 9th Speaker of the Croatian Parliament.
While working at the Ministry of Foreign Affairs in Moscow, he was in charge of multilateral diplomacy.
Most Shiite mujtahids, however, believe that women cannot become marjas.
He served in this position from May 30, 1990 to August 2, 1992.
Corruption scandals escalated, though reformers appointed by Grant were able to clean up some federal departments.
The army itself had also begun to be disillusioned by the junta, and progressives within it had begun to plot a coup.
Earlier in his career he worked in the Budget Secretariat eventually becoming Secretary.
Morteza Mohammadkhan is an Iranian politician and economist who was Minister of Finance from 1993 to 1997 in Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani's second cabinet.
On 7 May 1945, he ordered Alfred Jodl, Chief of Operations Staff of the OKW, to sign the German instruments of surrender in Reims, France.
He was a member of the Communist party and fought in the Yugoslav Partisans during the World War II.
This brought in considerable foreign investment from foreign shipping firms and earned Liberia a reputation as a tax haven.
Ydígoras Fuentes comfortable won this election and seized power for himself soon after.
Dr. Kristján Eldjárn was the third President of Iceland, from 1968 to 1980.
Franco Maria Malfatti di Monte Tretto was an Italian politician who served as the 3rd President of the European Commission from 1970 to 1972.
The Liberal government almost lost the 1889 election but was able to stay in power with the support of independent Members of the Legislative Assembly.
He had two girls and one son.
In July 1959 he was arrested along with other Pathet Lao deputies, and imprisoned without ever being brought to trial.
His resignation was accepted by President Vladimir Putin on January 28, 2013.
The National Front is generally regarded as a reformation of the United Front which with U.S. air support removed the Taliban from power in late 2001.
He also saw action during the Paraguayan War, attaining the rank of captain.
He was elected by the Parliament of Singapore on 23 October 1981, and served as President until his resignation on 28 March 1985.
Piccoli served as the Minister for Education between April 2011 and January 2017, in both the O'Farrell and Baird ministries.
Joseph Frank "Joe" Fontana, PC is an Italian-born Canadian politician.
Jam Sadiq Ali was a politician from Sindh, Pakistan.
In 1943 he joined General Berling's Polish Army on the Eastern Front as a political officer and quickly advanced in its ranks.
He served as Minister of Industry, Tourism and Trade in the government of José Luis Rodríguez Zapatero from 18 April 2004 until 9 September 2006.
Elias Camsek Chin is a Palauan politician.
Ramzan Kadyrov is an honorary member of the Russian Academy of Natural Sciences.
Belkić graduated from the faculty of economics with the University of Sarajevo, in his hometown.
The finance minister in the Cabinet of Zlatko Mateša was Borislav Škegro.
Mircea Ion Snegur was the first President of Moldova from 1990–1997.
In the 1971 election, his government was handily defeated by Lougheed's Progressive Conservatives.
He lives in the capital with his wife Moonisa Ibrahim.
After his death he became the leader or the unionist movement.
He was also credited with persuading radical warlord Shamil Basayev not to carry out any major terrorist attacks since Beslan.
In 1972 he became deputy chairman of the Sovmin.
In 1958 he was a candidate for the Presidency of Mexico.
He started journalism after he graduated from Raffles Institution in 1929 and in 1932, he joined Warta Malaya, a well-known Malay newspaper company at that time.
Abdul Qadeer was a Pashtun leader in Afghanistan.
Miguel Abadía Méndez was the 12th President of Colombia.
He worked most of his young adult life on the family farm, and was also actively involved in his church.
He served in the US Army between 1957 and 1959.
During Ravalomanana's presidency, Madagascar made significant advances toward development targets and experienced an average of seven per cent growth per year.
Radojičić was born in Banja Luka and holds an M.Sc.
Shortly afterwards, the detachment of U.S. Marines which had remained in Nicaragua for thirteen years withdrew, believing that the political situation was stable.
The two were married the following year.
She was the first woman rector in Croatia, serving as a rector of the University of Rijeka.
The economy of Manchuria, the basis of Zhang's power, was overtaxed by his adventurism and collapsed in the winter of 1927-28.
Rudolf Kirchschläger was an Austrian diplomat, politician, judge and, from 1974–86, the eighth President of Austria.
Choi Kyu-hah, also spelled Choi Kyu-ha, was President of South Korea between 1979 and 1980.
Still, an important new Worker's Law was unveiled, spelling a wider set of rights for working men and women.
Together with María Ricart Pérez he had a daughter, the noted painter Celeste Woss y Gil.
Francis Gurry is an Australian national and the fourth and current Director General of the World Intellectual Property Organization.
Clements is also well known for being involved in the payment of players during the infamous days of the SMU football scandal.
He did so only with the understanding that Congress would proclaim as temporary president someone who would do his bidding.
Jamil Mardam Bey, was a Syrian politician.
Leonard Percy de Wolfe Tilley was a New Brunswick lawyer, politician and the 21st Premier.
Bush is the eldest son of the 41st president, George H. W. Bush.
He fled to the Soviet Union on 28 October, the fifth day of the Hungarian Revolution of 1956, but returned in 1958 and taught sociology.
His notable military engagements include the Partisan attack on Sjenica.
In 1964, after a series of political assassinations, Phoumi left Vientiane with other Pathet Lao ministers.
He was a Deputy in the Cortes representing Madrid region and was Minister of Transport, Tourism and Communications.
His granddaughter Rebecca Black and daughter Janet Black were also victims of the 1841 yellow fever epidemic that struck Florida's Panhandle.
Boucher de Boucherville served for one year, but resigned when former Conservative premier Joseph-Adolphe Chapleau was appointed Lieutenant-Governor in December 1892.
However, Playford was an unrelenting utilitarian, and was unmoved by calls to broaden policy focus beyond economic development.
Alfonso Fuentes is a Guatemalan politician who was the Acting Vice President of Guatemala, following the Congress of Guatemala's at September 16, 2015.
Maskhadov was elected President of Chechnya in January 1997.
In the mid-1830s, he developed two plantations in Leon County, Florida, one of several thousand acres.
They have four children and four grandchildren.
He was founder of Islamic Republican Party's worker wing in 1980s.
The war's effects reached throughout the Atlantic.
William Pope Duval was the first civilian governor of Florida Territory, succeeding Andrew Jackson, who had been military governor.
He was a member of the Swiss People's Party, and is now a member of the Conservative Democratic Party of Switzerland.
Alberto Teisaire was an Argentine Navy officer and Vice President of Argentina.
Hendarman Supandji is an Indonesian lawyer and politician from Klaten, Central Java, and a former Attorney General of Indonesia.
[1] He holds degrees in law and economics.
Markelov was later arrested under suspicion of accepting bribes.
He also served as the vice-president in the office of his predecessor Thomas Atcitty.
Jorge Pacheco Areco was a Uruguayan politician and member of the Colorado Party.
After graduating from Robert College in Turkey, he studied Social and Political Science in the University of Lausanne, Switzerland.
After leaving office, Roh returned to his hometown of Bongha Maeul.
He was the Menteri Besar of the state of Kedah from 2008 to 2013.
Besides agriculture he was interested in the state of developing countries.
A Methodist minister, he held the largely ceremonial office of the presidency while his eventual successor, Robert Mugabe, served as Prime Minister of Zimbabwe.
Although they are still controversial figures, Juan and Evita Perón are nonetheless considered icons by the Peronists.
Shigenori Kuroda was a Japanese general of the Japanese Imperial Army and the Japanese Governor-General of the Philippines during World War II.
Jefferson believed that libraries and books were so integral to individual and institutional education that he designed the university around its library.
He attended Nelson High School in Nelson, BC and the Labour College of Canada at the University of Montreal in 1967.
Ryti started his career as a politician in the field of economics and as a political background figure during the interwar period.
He was elected as deputy in the Basque Parliament in all successive elections until 1998.
Ivan Šimko is Slovak politician and former Defence Minister.
Some called for them to be thrown out of the party altogether.
From 1989 to 1993, Einaudi was the US Ambassador to the Organization of American States.
He owned the prominent Bogotá newspaper El Tiempo, and served as the President of Colombia from August 1938 to August 1942, having been elected without opposition.
Marco Vinicio Cerezo Arévalo is a Guatemalan politician.
Although he was not an active politician until 1941, he had a significant political influence through ethical aspects of his work during prewar Kingdom of Yugoslavia.
He graduated as a lawyer from the Faculdade de Direito do Largo de São Francisco, São Paulo, in 1863.
He was appointed Supreme Director of the United Provinces of the Río de la Plata after the Argentine Declaration of Independence.
Alhaji Aliu Mahama was a Ghanaian politician who was Vice-President of Ghana from 7 January 2001 to 7 January 2009.
There are many pictures of Lincoln; there is no portrait of him."
In November 2013 he was ordained a deacon in the Anglican Church.
He returned to the country in 1850 under an amnesty.
Considered as a sovereigntist, Asselineau identifies neither with the right or left.
Đỗ Mười was considered a consensus leader rather than an autocrat.
He resigned from his presidency in 1836.
Óscar Nicanor Duarte Frutos is a Paraguayan politician who served as President of Paraguay from 2003 to 2008.
He founded the Weizmann Institute of Science in Rehovot, Israel and was instrumental in the establishment of the Hebrew University of Jerusalem.
His rule is known as the period of the so-called "Normalization" after the Prague Spring.
Carlos Manuel de Céspedes y Quesada was a Cuban writer, politician, diplomat, and President of Cuba.
He became president upon independence from France on 17 August 1960.
He was killed by Baikuisa, a South Korean terrorist group.
At the time of his death, he was the oldest living former President of Cyprus.
It was during his term in office that the USSR indicated willingness to negotiate and remove some troops from Afghanistan.
He was of Afro-Mestizo descent, championed the cause of Mexico's common people, and abolished slavery during his brief term as president.
He believed in individual freedom and responsibility and feared that the growth of government bureaucracy would threaten liberty.
Paulo Nobre is a Brazilian lawyer, rally driver and former president of Sociedade Esportiva Palmeiras.
For example, in 1869, Grant's private secretary Orville E. Babcock, rather than a State Department official, was sent to negotiate a treaty annexation with Santo Domingo.
He was also head of the Governing Board of Mexico in 1829.
Louis Sanmarco was a French colonial administrator of Italian origin.
He provided assistance to UNITA, a United States-supported, anti-communist rebel movement in Angola.
His name has been honored by naming national institutions, two cities, and a major street after him, as well as having his life taught at schools.
Stroessner provided refuge for Argentina's Juan Perón and Nicaragua's Anastasio Somoza Debayle.
Goes Ahead remained Vice Chairman until his term expired in 2004.
Lol Mahamat Choua is a Chadian politician who served as his country's head of state for four months in 1979.
Andrés Rodríguez Pedotti was the President of Paraguay from February 3, 1989 to August 15, 1993.
Nereu Ramos, until then a Senator for Santa Catarina and a member of the Constituent Assembly, was elected Vice President in that special election.
He served as President of Somalia from January 1991 to January 1997.
He assumed the presidency after some controversy involving his right to be president.
He was accepted to the bar on May 18, 1869.
In 1981, Conteh became one of the commanding officers of the Sierra Leone Military Police unit, a branch of the Sierra Leone Army.
Fathollah Khan Akbar was an Iranian Prime Minister.
He was placed under house arrest during the latter days of his life.
He served from 1 January 1989 to 1 January 1993.
Alarcón is a member of the Alfarista Radical Front.
He was also the member of the European Parliament from 2009 to 2014.
His term as the Governor was ended on 2 September 2013 and he succeeded by Valiollah Seif.
He died in Victoria a little over a year later.
Bernadette Lahai is a Sierra Leonean politician and the current Minority Leader of Parliament of Sierra Leone.
Álvarez claimed he was not given the proper legal resources and participation in his city's decisions.
Eustorgio Salgar Moreno Salazar was a lawyer, Colombian general and political figure, who was president of the United States of Colombia from 1870 until 1872.
He served as a school trustee for several years and was clerk for the Westmorland County court from 1867 to 1870.
Rizzo was ultimately replaced by de los Rios as Governor-General in September 1898.
Károly Németh was a Hungarian political figure born in Páka.
Mohammad Nahavandian is an Iranian politician and economist who currently serves as the Chief of Staff of the President of Iran.
Conteh went to law school in the United Kingdom.
He was allowed to return to Afghanistan in 1991 by the Najibullah government.
He was the subject of polemical attacks both in his lifetime and beyond.
He was succeeded on March 11, 2006 by Socialist Michelle Bachelet, from the same coalition.
He is an elected representative in the House of Parliament of Constituency 100 in the Freetown's neighbourhood of Kissi in the Western Area Urban District.
He took power in a 1954 coup d'état orchestrated by the Central Intelligence Agency.
During his six years in office, Ramos was widely credited and admired by many for revitalizing and renewing international confidence in the Philippine economy.
Beside the stern chancellor Konrad Adenauer, Heuss's cordial manners largely contributed to the stabilization of democracy in West Germany during the Wirtschaftswunder years.
His administration however only lasted 5 months and 20 days, and was succeeded by Ebrahim Hakimi.
On October 26, after a long siege, Carrera took over San Salvador, taking full control of the city.
Professor Clifford Nelson Fyle was a Sierra Leonean linguistics professor, author, writer, mathematician, lecturer and publisher who authored the Sierra Leone National Anthem.
Yet even though at peace, defense spending remained high, as the administration made vigorous efforts to contain the Soviet Union during the Cold War.
He retired at the end of the 1965 season, having played 69 senior games with Melbourne.
He served as President of Venezuela following the overthrow of Marcos Pérez Jiménez on 23 January 1958.
He was elected as a member of parliament in the parliamentary election of 1996 but was defeated in 2000.
His great love was nature and he vigorously promoted the conservation movement, emphasizing efficient use of natural resources.
After Sun's death Wang engaged in a political struggle with Chiang Kai-shek for control over the Kuomintang, but lost.
Nabiyev won the elections and on December 2, 1991 he became the first elected President of Tajikistan.
Julián Trujillo Largacha was a Colombian lawyer, statesman, General of the Army and President of Colombia from 1878 to 1880.
His parents were Rosalía Suárez and José María Barrientos.
In 1838 he retired from politics, working as a teacher in the city of San Vicente, El Salvador.
Belgrano was born in Buenos Aires, the fourth child of Italian businessman Domingo Belgrano y Peri and Josefa Casero.
In the supplementary elections of May 1958, Phoumi was elected to the National Assembly to serve as a deputy for Luang Prabang.
Markel Olano Arrese is a Basque politician, member of the Basque Nationalist Party and President of the Provincial Council of Gipuzkoa since June 6, 1967.
Sukarno was the leader of his country's struggle for Independence from the Netherlands.
Federico Pedini Amati is a political figure from San Marino.
Berinkey was unwilling to accept the Note, as it would have endangered the country's territorial integrity.
He distrusted Slavic nationalist movements as a threat to his multi-ethnic empire.
At age 53, three years before his death, he served as Minister of War with President Valentín Gómez Farías.
He is entombed at Cementerio Occidental with his father, in the National Guard Mausoleum in Managua, Nicaragua.
When democracy was restored in 1982, Lechín and the other leaders of the FSTMB and COB returned to the political arena.
Juan-Saunders once again challenged Manuel in 2003, in a rematch of the 1999 race.
Panourgias fought for the acquisition of the Stadium of Panathinaikos at Alexandras Avenue.
However, Blair resigned from the Board sixteen days before the 1904 election in order to campaign against Laurier.
In 2014, Khalilov carried the country's flag during the 2014 Winter Olympics opening ceremony in Sochi.
General Augusto Tasso Fragoso, better known as Tasso Fragoso was a Brazilian soldier and author.
Kenneth is a former San Juan County Commissioner.
Juan-Saunders is the former vice president at Tohono O'odham Community College, which is located in Sells, Arizona.
Ramón Grau San Martín, faculty member at the University of Havana School of Medicine
José Cipriano Castro Ruiz was a high-ranking member of the Venezuelan military, politician and the President of Venezuela from 1899 to 1908.
In the 1945 French Constituent Assembly election, Farès was the fourth candidate of the Union and Social Progress List for the Muslim non-citizen constituency of Algiers.
He was also Speaker of the Assembly of Vojvodina 1963–1967.
Sardar Muhammad Ibrahim Khan also known as Bani-e-Kashmir, "Father of Kashmir" and Ghazi-e-Millat, "Hero of the Nation", was the founder and first President of Azad Kashmir.
He is widely regarded as one of the greatest weightlifters of all time.
Trejos defeated Daniel Oduber in the election that secured him the presidency.
She was arrested in October 1976 by Hua Guofeng and his allies, and was subsequently condemned by party authorities.
His works reflect his immersion in the Ukrainian revolutionary milieu, among impoverished and working-class people, and among emigres from the Russian Empire living in Western Europe.
Before entering politics, she taught biology at the University of Sarajevo.
In 1996, Rawlings went on to win a second term as President.
Dr. Steadward is a member of the Kappa Sigma Fraternity.
Both Clintons earned degrees from Yale Law School, where they met and began dating.
Tkhakushinov was born in the aul of Ulyap in Krasnogvardeysky District and graduated in 1971 from the Adyghean State Pedagogical University.
Upon retirement from provincial politics, he moved back to Muskoka where he became chairman of the District of Muskoka.
This catalyzed the events of April 9-11, 1952, that have come to be known as the Bolivian National Revolution, or the 1952 Revolution.
She is a member of the right-wing Nationalist Republican Alliance party.
He died in Mont-Saint-Hilaire, Quebec in 1905.
In his late teens as his first job in the army, he fought in the Mexican War of Independence.
Carlos Coimbra da Luz was a Brazilian politician.
In 1930, the French authorities pardoned Quwatli and thereafter, he returned to Syria, where he gradually became a principal leader of the National Bloc.
He subsequently travelled to the Transvaal and settled on a farm in the Rustenburg area in 1848.
He was elected head of the Ecuadorian Radical Liberal Party.
His methods became models for future administrators.
For the U.S. diplomat and academic, see Arthur Sherburne Hardy.
Was Treasury Minister under Nicolás Avellaneda, later Interventor in Corrientes Province and Foreign Minister and Treasury during the first Julio Argentino Roca administration.
Mina was elected to the Grand and General Council as a member of the Sammarinese Christian Democratic Party in 2006.
He served as Chairman of the Federal Reserve from 1930 to 1933.
With 10 years and 5 months, Demirel's tenure in the prime ministership is the third longest in Turkish history, after Ismet Inonu and Recep Tayyip Erdogan.
Abdul Halim Khaddam is a Syrian politician who was Vice President of Syria from 1984 to 2005.
In 1959, the American Humanist Association named him Humanist of the Year.
He was Papua New Guinea's ambassador to the People's Republic of China.
and was buried in the Beechwood Cemetery in Ottawa, Ontario.
Smith is also a director of Imperial Equities.
Kouandété was appointed chief of staff of Dahomey's 1,500-man army and launched another coup against Zinsou, on 10 December 1969, to defend it.
He was one of co-organizers of the Vilnius Conference.
On 13 June 1953, when he tried to resume his presidency, he was overthrown in a military coup led by Gustavo Rojas Pinilla.
He is the founder of Puy du Fou, a theme park.
Before and after the election, Villiers has been internationally notable for his criticism of Islam in France.
Though she was initially sentenced to death, her sentence was commuted to life imprisonment in 1983.
In 2016, when the MPP gained control of parliament, he was elected as Chairman of the State Great Khural.
As of September 2010, he still holds that post.
He entered politics as a reformer and advocate of responsible government.
Kabia attended medical school in the United States.
The Peróns gave their name to the political movement known as Peronism, which in present-day Argentina is represented mainly by the Justicialist Party.
His father, Maqsood Ahmed Shaikh, served in top positions in the Government of Pakistan.
Following elections, he surrendered power to the government of Sadiq al-Mahdi in 1986.
During his term he decreed the first territorial subdivisions of Honduras, creating the departments of Comayagua, Tegucigalpa, Santa Bárbara, Yoro, Olancho and Choluteca.
In 1966 she was appointed deputy director of the Central Cultural Revolution Group.
Luis Bográn died in Guatemala city, Guatemala on 9 July 1895.
Purnaiah, aka Krishnacharya Purniya or Mir Miran Purniya was the Dewan of Mysore.
James Kidd Flemming suffered from poor health for many of his adult years and died in 1927 at age fifty-eight.
He was born into an aristocratic family in Guayaquil, Ecuador, and as a youth, was sent to Madrid to finish his education.
Francisco Morazán was a Honduran politician who was president of the Federal Republic of Central America from 1830 to 1839.
Tomás Frías Ametller was a Bolivian politician who served twice as president of Bolivia.
Nicolau dos Reis Lobato was an East-Timorese politician and national hero.
Hu Kexian was a Chinese general who served in the National Revolutionary Army during the Second Sino-Japanese War and the Chinese Civil War.
He was appointed to the position by the country's president Ernest Bai Koroma on June 21, 2008.
Franz Josef Jonas was an Austrian political figure.
The unprecedented way that Grant ran his cabinet, in a military style rather than civilian, contributed to the scandals.
He had previously served as Governor-General of Fiji, representing Elizabeth II, Queen of Fiji, from 12 February 1983 to 15 October 1987.
Eugene Isaac Meyer was an American financier, public official, and newspaper publisher.
He is a member of the 2000 Islamic Consultative Assembly from the electorate of Tabriz and former Ambassador of Iran to Tajikistan.
Ideologically a Peronist and social democrat, he served as President of the Justicialist Party from 2008 to 2010, with his political approach being characterised as Kirchnerism.
He dissolved the Reichstag twice in 1932 and finally, under pressure, agreed to appoint Hitler Chancellor of Germany in January 1933.
He is a member of parliament of Sierra Leone from Kenema District since 2002.
Teuira's administration in French Polynesia would last less than a year.
An Italian American, Einaudi was born 1 March 1936 in Cambridge, Massachusetts.
As many as 18,000 people were killed during his rule according to one estimate.
He graduated from the Kazakh State University in 1981 specializing in law.
He won the election in an overwhelming landslide with 86.10%, defeating his closest rival Fayia Kellie of the All People's Congress who took 10.58%[1].
Boyd Dunlop Morehead was a politician in Queensland, Australia.
She was best known for pushing forward the law legalizing abortion in France on 17 January 1975.
She was Vice President of the Gambia, as well as Secretary of State for Women's Affairs, from 20 March 1997 to 18 January 2017.
Farkas Bethlen is a Hungarian politician, who currently serves as Mayor of Verőce between 1998 and 2014.
Historians now accept that after the death of his wife Martha, Jefferson had a long-term relationship with her half-sister, Sally Hemings, a slave at Monticello.
Ustaz Dato' Bentara Kanan Ahmad Yakob is the current Menteri Besar of Kelantan.
The other fellows could stay in the game only by borrowing.
With just over 20 years in office, Bennett was and remains the longest-serving premier in British Columbia history.
He was the Mayor of Belgrade in 1997, and long-time opposition politician and a doctor in philosophy.
He served as Premier of British Columbia from 1915 to 1916.
Ali Uras was a Turkish basketball player.
Jean Lesage PC CC CD was a lawyer and politician in Quebec, Canada.
"Monsieur Maurice" embodied the Voltaic state at the moment of independence.
Davie was married December 3, 1874, to Constance Langford Skinner of Maple Bay, British Columbia.
Ponce Vaides sought to stabilize his regime by playing on inter-racial tension within the Guatemalan population.
While being a Cossack Hetman, he transformed the Cossack Host from the erratic military formation into regular army.
Reagan also appointed more federal judges than any other president, including four Supreme Court Justices.
In his book Notes on the State of Virginia, Jefferson had described his ideas for public education at the elementary level.
León Cortés Castro was a Costa Rican politician.
He is the current chairman of Sierra Leone Premier League club Mighty Blackpool.
He was then Minister of the Army and Navy in exile until August 1941, and subsequently Minister of the Army in exile until January 1942.
Contrary to the Antanas Smetona's views, Stulginskis was oriented towards the Entente.
Twice Minister of Foreign Affairs of the Republic of Poland, he served as the 6th President of Poland within the 2nd Polish Government in Exile.
Nereu de Oliveira Ramos was a Brazilian political figure.
Hazen rebuilt the Conservative Party which had been out of power since 1883.
He received 2.23% of the vote, putting him in sixth place.
He became the Commandant of the Kuomintang's Whampoa Military Academy and took Sun's place as leader of the KMT, following the Canton Coup in early 1926.
At a young age, Chuan moved to the temple school at Wat Amarintraram in Bangkok where he lived for six years.
His longevity in politics and his five attempts to become president of France have made him a major figure in French political life.
He served in the cabinet of Premier Bill Davis in several portfolios including Minister of Health and Minister of Natural Resources.
As Germany's Chief of the General Staff from August 1916, Hindenburg's reputation rose greatly in German public esteem.
At that time, Abolhassan Banisadr was president and Mohammad-Ali Rajai was prime minister.
Francisco Álvaro Bueno de Paiva was a Brazilian politician who was Vice President of Brazil from November 10, 1920 to November 15, 1922 under Epitácio Pessoa.
Hilla Limann was the President of Ghana from 24 September 1979 to 31 December 1981.
In 1916, Walter Foster became leader of the province's Liberal Party which swept to victory in the 1917 election.
He managed to escape in 1945 and became an even stronger supporter of communism.
He saw Russia as the main adversary, because of its own expansionist policies toward Slavic and Orthodox areas.
Ngiratkel Etpison was the first president that survived his entire presidency.
At age 46, he became the third-youngest president and the first from the Baby Boomer generation.
He was the 25th Premier of British Columbia.
Jose Maria Carreño Blanco was a Venezuelan politician and military person.
At the end of his administration, Carter had seen a substantial decrease in unemployment and a partial reduction of the deficit, but the recession ultimately continued.
Manuel Fernando Serrano Uribe was a Neogranadine statesman, lawyer, and officer who became Governor of the Province of Pamplona and wrote its Constitution in 1815.
Manuel Domingos Vicente is an Angolan politician who has been Vice President of Angola since September 2012.
He was also known as Sheng Gongbao.
With the German invasion of Hungary, the Peace Party tried again to win support from the Hungarian populace, but failed.
He was elected to the Liverpool City Council in 1987, and became mayor in 1991.
Lambrakis had called for Greece to disarm and withdraw from NATO.
At a meeting in Moscow, Zápotocký was told to adhere to "collective leadership"—in effect, give up power to Novotný.
Adolfo Rodríguez Saá is an Argentine Peronist politician.
He was an adviser to the former President Mohammad Khatami from 1997 to 2005 and also of House of Labour from 2006 to 2012.
Pasqual Maragall i Mira is a Spanish politician and was the 127th President of Generalitat de Catalunya.
He is currently the only member of the People's Movement for Democratic Change political party in the current cabinet of Ernest Bai Koroma.
He opposes any additional worker concessions until the current contract expires in 2011.
He lost his seat in 1877 after a brief stint in the cabinet of Premier Andrew Charles Elliott, as provincial secretary.
He was a member of the Progresistas, a liberal Catholic party.
The couple have four children: B.J., Tarsis, Craig and Elenita.
After postings in Vientiane, Luang Prabang and Xieng Khouang, he was promoted to district chief and served in Xieng Khouang and Vientiane.
Alley's retirement was marked by a series of discharges from the military, trials, and prison sentences.
William Grenville "Bill" Davis, PC CC OOnt QC was the 18th Premier of Ontario, Canada, from 1971 to 1985.
Arthur Daniel Miller is a Canadian politician.
Due to large facial wounds received during a battle in 1824, he required the use of a metal prosthesis in his jaw.
He was known for his skill with accounts, prodigious memory, proficiency in several languages and sheer hard work.
Human rights groups estimate that at least 6,000 people were killed, tortured and jailed without trial.
Grant never even consulted with cabinet members on the treaty annexation; in effect, the annexation proposal was already decided.
He became senator in 1973 with the Pakistan Peoples Party.
Following that, the National Liberation Party was founded in the Orlich family farm in La Paz, San Ramón.
Hamani Diori was the first President of the Republic of Niger.
He served for five years until 2 March 1962, when General Ne Win's military coup d'état ousted Nu's government.
Under Mikhail Gorbachev, the Soviet Union deposed Karmal and replaced him with Mohammad Najibullah.
From 1862 to 1864 he served in an elected manner.
Duhalde suggested that Kirchner run for president in 2003 in a bid to prevent Menem's return to the presidency.
Batt is a fifth generation, lifelong resident of New Orleans.
He was succeeded as president by Republican Rutherford B. Hayes after the contested 1876 presidential election.
Upon Niger's independence in 1960, Saibou was transferred to the new Niger Army as a sergeant in August 1961.
President Pedro Aguirre Cerda appointed him Minister of the Interior.
His political orientation veered sharply to the right later in his career after he joined the Japanese.
Grinius was born in Selema, near Marijampolė, in the Augustów Governorate of Congress Poland, a part of the Russian Empire.
Francesco de Martino was an Italian jurist, politician, lifetime senator and former Vice President of the Council of Ministers.
He was elected following the military coup d'etat that overthrew Juan Perón, and was deposed in turn by a coup in 1962.
Timbo had served as the Secretary General of the Sierra Leone Teachers’ Union.
During the 1950s and '60s, Mielke masterminded the forced collectivization of East Germany's family-owned farms, which sent a flood of refugees to West Germany.
But through his military skills, Morazán was able to keep a firm grip on power until 1837, when the Federal Republic became irrevocably fractured.
The Constitution established three separate branches of government, not for efficiency but to avoid the arbitrary exercise of power.
A conditional release was granted on September 23, 2011, for Noriega to be extradited to serve 20 years in Panama.
He retreated to the vicinity of Rosario, to fortify it against a possible royalist attack from the Eastern Band of the Uruguay River.
Kenneth Sanborn Pitzer was an American physical and theoretical chemist, educator, and university president.
Pedro José Cevallos Salvador was President of Ecuador from 1 July 1888 to 17 August 1888 and Vice President from 1886 to 1890.
Tun Abang Haji Openg was the first Yang di-Pertua Negeri Sarawak, upon the independence of Sarawak from Great Britain and formation of Malaysia in 1963.
Juan Carlos Onganía Carballo was de facto President of Argentina from 29 June 1966 to 8 June 1970.
He was sacked from the party for his refusal to vacate his Selangor Mentri Besar post.
He was replaced in his seat by Hugh Delahunty, another former VFL player.
In 1998, the tax rate was fixed for all products at 22%.
He enacted liberal reforms in the new Federal Republic of Central America, including freedom of the press, speech and religion.
He is alleged by some sources to be the commanding officer responsible for the Hama massacre of 1982.
Tschudi was a member of the Cantonal Government of Basel-City from 1953 to 1959.
Stipe Šuvar was a leading Croatian and Yugoslav politician and sociologist.
Victims' representatives have pursued compensatory damages for extrajudicial killings in a suit against him in the United States under the Alien Tort Statute.
In 1920, Obregón launched a revolt against Carranza, in which Carranza was assassinated; he won the subsequent election with overwhelming support.
Maciel was ordered "to conduct a reserved life of prayer and penance, renouncing every public ministry," and died in 2008.
Prior to his entry onto the stage of Ukrainian politics, he was a long-time political activist, who lived abroad in Western Europe from 1906-1914.
Reluctant to shift allegiance to the British, Reitz went into voluntary exile after the war ended.
Chen was sentenced to 19 years in Taipei Prison, reduced from a life sentence on appeal, but was granted medical parole on January 5, 2015.
He held the Office of Deputy Speaker from 1985 to 1989, and was the Speaker of Parliament from 1989 to 2002.
He was the first President of Cape Verde, serving from 1975 to 1991.
José Gil Fortoul was a writer, historian, politician and member of Venezuelan positivism, appointed as Provisional President in 1913.
Dumbuya, who was executed in December 1992 under the NPRC military junta government.
He married Munoz Antonia Chiriboga in 1850.
Pedro Aguirre Cerda was of Basque descent.
On 27 April 1870 Tomás Guardia was one of a group of army officers who deposed President Jesús Jiménez.
Shortly after, Ayatollah Khamenei sent a letter to the parliament demanding that the debate stop.
Maurice Le Noblet Duplessis served as the 16th Premier of the Canadian province of Quebec from 1936 to 1939 and 1944 to 1959.
He was re-elected as MP for the new riding of Pierrefonds—Dollard in the 1988 election.
He is married and has five children.
Duhalde had political disputes with Kirchner in later years, and is largely retired from politics since his defeat in the 2011 presidential elections.
He was called to the bar at Gray's Inn in London in 1965.
While in Fiji he was also a cross-accredited as FSM’s Ambassador to: Israel, Tonga, Nauru, Kiribati, Samoa, Tuvalu, Solomon Islands and Vanuatu.
Smith played for the Eskimos from 1956 to 1963 as a defensive back.
He was sworn on 3 December 1959 as Singapore's Yang di-Pertuan Negara after the PAP won the first election held in Singapore after Singapore's self-governance.
António Manuel Mascarenhas Gomes Monteiro was the first democratically elected President of Cape Verde from 22 March 1991 to 22 March 2001.
Known by his second name, Douglas, he entered politics in 1885 when he was elected as an alderman in Fredericton, New Brunswick.
Tamargo was born in Matanzas, Cuba to the wealthy Spaniard, Manuel Antonio Tamargo y Gonzalez and the Cuban, Ana Josefa Bautista y Valera.
He was nicknamed "Kinani", a Kinyarwanda word meaning "invincible".
With the declaration of independence for the Sudan in 1956, he was made commander in chief of the Sudanese military forces.
Previously he held a succession of ministerial posts in the government from 1996 to 2004.
In British West Africa, Azikiwe was an important advocate of Nigerian and African nationalism, first as a journalist and later as political leader.
He is the son of the Greek Air Force officer and Resistance fighter Kostas Perrikos, founder of PEAN.
His pro-Russian policies incited a rebellion which he later joined in an attempt to salvage his reputation and authority.
He also had to face a break in diplomatic relations with Portugal that was successfully mediated by Queen Victoria of the United Kingdom.
Children Janet and James both drowned in a sailing accident in 1839.
He is the former Director of Education of the Toronto District School Board and former Director of Education of the Hamilton-Wentworth District School Board.
In the Fourth Republic he stood as the New Patriotic Party's candidate at the 1996 election, and then led it to victory in 2000 and 2004.
He was called to the bar in 1913 and set up practice in Bouctouche.
In 1988 post Gen Muhammad Zia-ul-Haq era elections He was defeated by Pakistan Peoples Party candidate Mian Abdul Haq Alias Mian Mitho.
At the 8th National Congress he was elected a member 8th Politburo and became the Head of the Central Organizing Commission.
He served as president of El Salvador several times - in 1858, from 1859 to 1860 and again from 1861.
He lived to see four sons of his first wife die within his lifetime.
He was replaced by a military junta led by Elfego Monzón.
His career began as an Organizer at office of Speaker of the Parliament.
He and his wife were involved in the 2013 political scandal known as the Route of the K-Money.
Salvador María del Carril was a prominent Argentine jurist and policy-maker, as well as his country's first Vice President
Gravely ill, Torres Bodet committed suicide in Mexico City on 13 May 1974.
In the following years Álvarez dedicated himself mainly to his private enterprise, until 1983 when he was elected Municipal President of Chihuahua.
Árbenz eventually won the election with 258,987 votes to 72,796 for Ydígoras, out of a total of 404,739.
He had previously served as the resident Minister of the Southern Province, and Deputy Minister of Labour.
This decision was followed by a failed Parchamite coup, after which Hafizullah Amin, a Khalqist, initiated a purge against the Parchamites.
He was the President of Argentina from 1862 to 1868.
Radicals within the rebel ranks forced the rebellion to become republican, something that Gonçalves opposed.
Vander Zalm appointed Johnston deputy premier in 1990.
Kaysone Phomvihane succeeded as president in 1991.
Dato' Sri Penghulu Tawi Sli was the second chief minister of Sarawak.
Ferenc Nagy was a Hungarian politician of the Smallholders Party.
In 1965 he worked briefly as an election campaign manager for Ludwig Erhard.
His attempts at reform were defeated by Tisza's conservative forces, and he quickly resigned, to be replaced by the weak administration of Sándor Wekerle.
By August 1859, Franco was the General Commander of the District of Guayas, and the third in the Urbinista caudillo hierarchy, after Urvina and Robles.
The revolt against communist rule which had begun under Taraki worsened under Amin, and was a problem that his government was unable to solve.
Nahum Hofree is the former mayor of Ra'anana, Israel, and former headmaster of Ostrovsky High School in Ra'anana.
Vicente da Silva Guterres is a politician from East Timor, a member of the National Parliament of East Timor and its Vice-President since 2007.
The Chinese Muslims were loyal to the Chinese government, and wanted to crush the Turkic Muslim Uighurs and Kirghiz in revenge for the Kizil massacre.
After the Japan's surrender, John Thivy was held at Changi prison for collaboration and was only released after India's independence.
In 1924, the administration gave M'ba a second chance and selected him to head the canton in Estuaire Province.
He was a leading figure in the Basque Nationalist Party of Navarre in the period 1975-80.
He also entered Syria into a defense arrangement with Egypt and Saudi Arabia to confront the influence of the Baghdad Pact.
He cracked down heavily on unions and peasant organizations, arresting and killing thousands.
His premiership came to an end following the 1971 Turkish coup d'état.
Institutional struggles for power between the legislative, executive and judicial branches resulted in great inefficiency for the Bolaños government.
From 2009 to 2014, he was president of the Jean Monnet Foundation for Europe.
He founded the Anglo Chinese School in Klang on 10 March 1893.
The Russian Orthodox Church laid an anathema on Mazepa's name in 1708 and refuses to revoke it to this day.
Corbin, who is married with five grown-up children, continues to practice as an attorney-at-law.
He was succeeded as the President of the International Paralympic Committee by Sir Philip Craven in 2001.
His political tendencies were perceived to be pro-British by many Iranians and British diplomats.
Roque Sáenz Peña Lahitte was President of Argentina from 12 October 1910 to 9 August 1914, when he died in office.
In 1911, he was sent as military attaché to the Chilean embassy in Berlin.
Doryan has also had a long and diverse career in academic, public service, consulting and with international organizations.
From 1995 till 1999 he was Prosecutor General of Russia.
Ramos secured major peace agreements with Muslim separatists, communist insurgents and military rebels, which renewed investor confidence in the Philippine economy.
Christine "Chris" O’Connell from Limerick was the 12th president of the Camogie Association.
In 1898, now recovered, he was appointed State Secretary of the South African Republic, and became a leading Afrikaner political figure during the Second Boer War.
Upon Japanese surrender, Sukarno and Mohammad Hatta declared Indonesian independence on 17 August 1945, and Sukarno was appointed as first president.
Major-General Chaim Herzog was an Israeli politician, general, lawyer and author who served as the sixth President of Israel between 1983 and 1993.
His family is originally from Koinadugu District in Northern Sierra Leone.
Before becoming President, Hazret Sovmen had been a successful businessman, having started off as a bulldozer driver in a gold mine in Chukotka.
Vicente Ramón Roca Rodríguez was President of Ecuador from 8 December 1845 to 15 October 1849.
He was deposed himself in March 1945 and forced to flee into exile in Honduras.
His rule was marked by what later became known as 'Goulash Communism'.
Manuel José Estrada Cabrera was President of Guatemala from 1898 to 1920.
Later that year, he signed the Medicare Prescription Drug, Improvement, and Modernization Act, which created Medicare Part D and made other changes to Medicare.
She is the widow of former Sierra Leonean senior military officer Colonel K.M.S.
In the 1980 presidential election, Carter defeated a primary challenge from Ted Kennedy, a prominent liberal Democrat.
He was the first figure from Korea to lead an international agency.
Honorable Alhaji Ansumana Jaia Kaikai is a Sierra Leonean politician and the deputy minority leader of Sierra Leone Parliament.
He was born in Zákolany, Kladno District, Bohemia.
As President of the People's Chamber, he held the office of State President of East Germany on an acting basis in 1949 and again in 1960.
Oyanedel handed over the presidential power on Christmas Day, December 24, 1932.
Rafael de la Cruz Franco Ojeda was President of Paraguay from February 17, 1936 to August 13, 1937.
He is also sometimes known by his pen name Mano, and his Christian name, Andre.
At one trial, Zinsou's conduct sparked another coup led by Kouandété.
Sivakumar had the members of the disputed new Barisan Nasional cabinet suspended for contempt of assembly.
In the 1950 Guatemalan presidential election, Ydígoras was the main opponent of Árbenz.
Fox is no longer a member of the National Action Party as of 2013.
But Mariano Paredes was unable to control Guatemala.
In 1954 Tancredo was elected congressman and served for one year.
He was born to Somba parents in the Gaba District of Dahomey.
Yury Ilyich Skuratov is a Russian lawyer and politician.
He ran against incumbent president Syngman Rhee in the 1960 presidential election but died on February 15, one month before the election on March 15.
He is a medical doctor by profession.
John Momis is a politician and elected President of the Autonomous Region of Bougainville of Papua New Guinea.
Ong Teng Cheong GCMG, was a Singaporean politician and businessman who was President of Singapore from 1993 to 1999.
Groenendaal left an important political legacy in the form of the Orange free State constitution, in the draft of which he played an important role.
He was a number of times a national deputy and senator.
Halfdan Theodor Mahler was a Danish physician.
She sought the nomination for president of El Salvador in the presidential primary of 2008 but was defeated by National Police Chief Rodrigo Ávila.
Despite being severely wounded in fighting insurgents on the streets of Madrid, he rose to the rank of general of division in 1866.
Cárdenas was born in 1951 in the Aymara village of Achica Bajo on the shores of Lake Titicaca, the son of a rural school teacher.
He was later assassinated during the Chrysanthemum Revolution on 31 October 1918 - the same day that Hungary terminated its political union with Austria.
Grant dismissed Babcock from the White House in 1876, who was linked to several corruption charges and scandals.
Khaled Yashruti was a Palestinian political activist and a leading member of the PLO.
He was a member of the National Council of the Slovak Republic and is a former member of Christian Democratic Movement.
Dodic was born in Slovenia and immigrated to Lethbridge with his parents in childhood.
He ruled under the Constitution of 1845.
A member of the Fang ethnic group, M'ba was born into a relatively privileged village family.
He was replaced as President by Angidi Chettiar.
As president he gave generous concessions to the banana companies along the north coast, namely to Sam Zemurray's Cuyamel Fruit Company.
The son of an Irish farmer who was also named John Hart, he came to Victoria in 1898.
He was the interim President of Puntland from October 2004 to January 8, 2005.
Kunicki's origin is unknown, also as his youth and beginning of military career.
Both Cox and Hoar, who were reformers, eventually resigned from the cabinet in 1870.
He was a co-founder of Adam Air, a now defunct commercial airline, which was heavily embroiled in corruption and safety violation.
Álvaro Marcelo García Linera, is a Bolivian politician who has been Vice President of Bolivia since 2006.
He lost his seat in the 1993 election that also defeated the Campbell government and reduced the Tories to two seats.
Theodore Davie is interred in the Ross Bay Cemetery in Victoria, British Columbia.
The Grant administration took place during Reconstruction and a boom and bust economy following the Civil War that fueled financial corruption in Government offices.
Károly Huszár de Sárvár was a Hungarian politician who served as Prime Minister and acting Head of State of Hungary from November 1919 to March 1920.
Fraccari is fluent in English, French, Italian and Spanish.
When Vander Zalm resigned on April 2, 1991, Johnston was named interim leader of the party.
Prior to the presidency he was the 40th Governor of Arkansas, from 1979 to 1981, and the state's 42nd governor, from 1983 to 1992.
The Conservatives were victorious that year, taking 32 of the legislature's 48 seats, including every seat in Vancouver and Victoria.
The Pierre de Coubertin medal is an award given by the International Olympic Committee to athletes that demonstrate the spirit of sportsmanship in the Olympic Games.
He was a representative of Parliament of Iran from Tehran in the 4th Parliament.
Adolf Ogi is a Swiss politician from the village of Kandersteg in the Swiss Alps.
Amata Kabua was the first President of the Marshall Islands from 1979 to 1996.
On December 4, 2006, González Macchi was sentenced to eight years in prison for fraud and embezzlement.
Medina Angarita was the first Venezuelan president who traveled abroad.
Djuranović was born near Danilovgrad, in what was then the Kingdom of Serbs, Croats and Slovenes.
Like most of the UFA caucus, Greenfield had no experience in government and he struggled in the position.
He had earlier served as a chairman of the Baloch Students Organization.
Gerardo Barrios was President of El Salvador, from 12 March 1859 to 26 October 1863.
In 1864 he was elected member of the Argentine Chamber of Deputies.
Samad Khan Momtaz os-Saltaneh, or Momtaz ol Saltaneh was an Iranian diplomat of the Qajar and Pahlavi dynasty era.
The well-off millionaire and billionaire oligarchs likened themselves to 19th century robber barons.
He served as Vice President during the last years of the Democratic Republic of Afghanistan.
Paul Borg Olivier is currently a practicing lawyer.
In addition, he also holds the chieftaincy titles, of the Ochiebuzo of Ogbaland, the Ezediale of Aboucha and the Baba Korede of Ado Ekiti.
Prudente José de Morais e Barros was the third President of Brazil.
From 1951 to 1953, he was the president of the Amateur Athletic Union, then America's governing body for many amateur sports.
He was elected state representative and congressman as a member of the Social Democratic Party.
Jenkins notified the board on October 29, 2009 that he would not seek a renewal once his seven-year term expired in April 2010.
Since 2002, Mateša is the President of the Croatian Olympic Committee.
At the outbreak of the Second World War, Chisholm rapidly rose in stature within the Canadian military and government.
He governed Chile until his death in 1941.
He became premier in 1874 when his predecessor, Gédéon Ouimet, had to resign due to a financial scandal.
In the following decades, Burke continued to maintain his Labor party contacts and parliamentary influence, using them to further his career as a pro-business lobbyist.
He was a fugitive from 1996 until July 2008 after having been indicted for war crimes by the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia.
But the end of the war led to a crisis of the nitrate industry, which resulted in a wave of social unrest.
In 1992, Rawlings retired from the military and set up the National Democratic Congress.
He is also a member of Washington D.C.-based think tank the Inter-American Dialogue.
He died in Buenos Aires on February 11, 1881.
He was the main guest speaker for the Vascular Meeting of the Brazilian Society in Rio de Janeiro, in June 1998.
Vicente Mejía Colindres was President of Honduras between 16 September and 5 October 1919; and again between 1 February 1929 and 1 February 1933.
Rexhep Qemal Meidani was a Albanian physics, diplomat and politician.
As of April 2016, he is retired from politics and facing legal proceedings.
Smith was born in 1935 in Edmonton, Alberta.
He re-enlisted after the second World War, and rose to the rank of Brigadier in May 1964.
Supporters of Castillo Armas were considering forming a military junta and seizing power, but were dissuaded by Edwin J. Sparks.
Effat Shariati PhD is a former Member of the Parliament of Iran, and head of the Iran Women Faction.
He was not an intellectual star of Mexican liberalism or strict ideologue, but he was a brilliant, pragmatic, and ruthless politician.
She first entered politics as a city councillor for Surrey City Council.
Fadika was born in Sierra Leone to Muslim parents from the Mandingo ethnic group.
Marilyn Louise Warren, AC is the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of Victoria and Lieutenant-Governor of Victoria, Australia.
He is an elected member of Parliament of Sierra Leone for Constituency 8 in Kailahun District.
Umarov was internationally wanted by the government of Russia and United States.
Her inauguration ceremony was attended by many senior members of the APC party, including Sierra Leone's president Ernest Bai Koroma[2].
Jabbi was the SLPP candidate for a seat in the Sierra Leone House of Parliament for Constituency 8 in Kailahun District, a reliable SLPP stronghold.
As premier, Verran helped to improve conditions for Aborigines while also making efforts to make home ownership more possible for the underprivileged.
Goes Ahead, who had been elected vice chairman in 2000, ran for the special election to complete the remainder of Birdinground's unexpired term in November 2002.
Thivy joined the Indian National Army in 1943 and served in the Burma Front.
He returned to La Rioja and worked as a lawyer then entered the judicial system, serving as a judge.
His son, Hugh John Flemming took over the business and too entered politics, serving as Premier of New Brunswick from 1952 to 1960.
He often attended the Legislative Council of Hong Kong sittings from around 1884 to 1888.
Francisco Solano López was President of Paraguay from 1862 until his death in 1870.
Pedro Bernardino María de Anaya y de Alvarez was a military officer who served twice as interim president of Mexico from 1847 to 1848.
Bolivar appointed Mendoza the governor of Merida in May 1813, and Mendoza was appointed governor of Caracas several months later.
Clinton also pursued numerous trade agreements, most notably with China, which joined the World Trade Organization shortly after Clinton left office.
He was tortured during interrogation and executed.
Thivy finished schooling at St. Michael's Institution in Ipoh, Perak.
Mobutu Sese Seko Kuku Ngbendu Wa Za Banga was the military dictator and President of the Democratic Republic of the Congo from 1965 to 1997.
She is the first woman to be named council president, originally holding the position from 2006 to 2010.
He also served a term as Minister of Foreign Affairs in which he signed the Holguín-Avebury treaty.
The position was assumed by Manuel Trucco as Vice President.
The Stasi under Mielke has been called the "most pervasive police state apparatus ever to exist on German soil."
Ángel Aníbal Guevara Rodríguez is a Guatemalan soldier and politician.
His nicknames include the "Old Marshal", "Rain Marshal" and "Mukden Tiger".
Maxime Carlot Korman is a ni-Vanuatu politician, formerly serving as Speaker of the Parliament and formerly as acting President.
He was appointed Vice-President to Carlos Castillo Armas in 1957.
Brownlee agreed and was elected to the Legislative Assembly of Alberta in a by-election in the riding of Ponoka.
Prior to that he served as Foreign Minister from April 2006 to January 2010.
from 1999 until his resignation in 2011.
He was the chairman of Galatasaray S.K..
International observers declared the election free and fair.
She married Mao in Yan'an in November 1938 and served as the inaugural "First Lady" of the People's Republic of China.
Nguyễn Văn Linh was a Vietnamese revolutionary and politician.
His government furthered railroad and manufacturing activities but ignored pressing social and labour problems.
Under his administration, Ecuador became a leader in science and higher education within Latin America.
He died in his native city of Buenos Aires and is buried in La Recoleta Cemetery.
He is the older brother of actor Bryan Batt.
He has raised money for a charity hospital in Guatemala, and currently are building a state-of-the-art facility specifically designed for cardiothoracic surgery.
On October 26, 1972, Mathieu Kérékou seized power in a coup.
Elizabeth 'Liz' Howard was the 27th president of the Camogie Association.
During the third week of 1934, Hevia was President from 5:00 p.m. on Monday, January 15, until 1:20 a.m. on Thursday, January 18.
In the political crisis that followed the electoral success of the left, Phoumi lost his ministry.
`Abd al-Halim's ideal image of Sufi is not exemplified through the concept of 'mystic'.
The fact is that this was not a viable thing for him to have done.
Roh himself was the first South Korean president to be born after the end of Japanese rule in Korea.
He studied experimental psychology at University College London from 1920-23.
He was Chairman of the High Council of State and acting President from 1992 to 1994.
He was the son of former President Luis Sáenz Peña.
It depended on public grammar schools, and further education of a limited number of the best students, and those whose parents wanted to pay for them.
Mohammad Khoshchehreh is an Iranian economist and politician.
Jefferson rejected war and instead used economic threats and embargoes that hurt the U.S. more than Britain.
He was appointed Military Governor of Ogun State from January 1984 to August 1985.
Goukouni Oueddei, head of the FAP, became Interior Minister, Hissène Habré became Defence Minister, and Wadel Abdelkader Kamougué, leader of the Chadian Armed Forces, became vice-president.
Akbar Tandjung is an Indonesian politician who is a former chairman of Golkar party.
Quwatli was reelected in 1948, but was toppled in a military coup in 1949.
He previously served as Finance Minister from 1989 to 1997.
In 1933 he was re-elected, this time as a deputy for Valdivia, Osorno y La Unión.
Born in Tabriz, he served as Prime Minister in 1942, and Ambassador to Britain in 1953.
He was a founding member of COPEI, Venezuela's Christian Democratic party.
He established the country's central bank and introduced a nationwide income tax.
In 2004, Donskis has been awarded by the European Commission the title of the Ambassador for Tolerance and Diversity in Lithuania.
Emílio Garrastazu Médici,si]; December 4, 1905 – October 9, 1985) was a Brazilian military leader and politician who was President of Brazil from 1969 to 1974.
Nicolas Grunitzky was the second president of Togo and its third head of state.
He is a prominent and senior member of the All People's Congress party.
He was acting president of Lithuania after the Soviet invasion while Lithuania was still ostensibly independent, in office from 17 June to 3 August 1940.
He was defeated by his former Prime Minister, Leonid Kuchma, who served as President for two terms.
In the succeeding years, Pena reconciled legislative work with some periods occupying secretariats—secretary of Agriculture, Commerce and Public Issues and Justice.
He died in Chicago, Illinois, in 1950.
Walter Edward Foster, PC was a Canadian politician and businessman in New Brunswick.
Mohammad-Ali Ramin is an Iranian politician, political analyst and writer who served as the Vice Minister of Culture and a presidential advisor under President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad.
Hamid-Reza Katouzian, also known as Hamid Katoozian, born on 23 October 1959 in Tehran, Iran) is an Iranian politician and academic.
Hernando Siles Reyes was a Bolivian politician who served as the 31st President of Bolivia, serving from 1926-1930.
He has again served as President of the National Assembly since 2012.
Harrison was a prominent adviser to the president of the Philippine Commonwealth, as well as the next four Presidents of the Republic of the Philippines.
István Dobi was a Hungarian politician who was the Prime Minister of Hungary from 1948 to 1952.
He graduated in archaeology from the University of Copenhagen and taught at the University of Iceland.
Soon after the impeachment of Syngman Rhee from the presidency, Park was elected the president, but he soon died from illness while in office.
When `ubudiya is attained, ma`rifa is granted, and God showers the believer with Mercy".
In 1992 Rawlings resigned from the Armed Forces, founded the National Democratic Congress and became the first president of the Fourth Republic.
In protest, Álvarez started a hunger strike that lasted 40 days.
He studied law and started a career in the ministry of Justice.
Noori is a senior member of Association of Combatant Clerics, and also close ally of the Executives of Construction Party.
At first Mr. Martinez did not accept the position but finally was convinced.
He set out to limit the size of government by reducing taxes and the national debt.
Lincoln was the first member of the recently-established Republican Party elected to the presidency.
Juan Crisóstomo Falcón y Zavarce was President of Venezuela from 1863 to 1868.
She serves as the British Ambassador to China since February 2015 and is the first woman to hold this position.
The Trucco administration was only a caretaker one, charged with keeping order in the country until after the presidential elections.
His father Vilhjálmur Einarsson ended up in second place in the men's triple jump at the 1956 Summer Olympics.
A Republican, he ran for and won a full four-year term as president in 1904, easily defeating Democratic nominee Alton B. Parker.
In 1987, he became Chairman of the Islamic Call Organization.
Pierantozzi was defeated by Camsek Chin in the 2 November 2004 vice-presidential election, winning only 28.9% of the vote.
Fuad Guliyev Khalil oglu,, was the 7th Prime Minister of Azerbaijan.
Jovellar died in Madrid on 17 April 1892.
He is married, has a son and a daughter.
Antonio Segni was an Italian politician who was the 34th Prime Minister of Italy, and the fourth President of the Italian Republic from 1962 to 1964.
Gheorghe Ghimpu was a Romanian politician and a political prisoner in the former Soviet Union and then Moldova.
With unrest in the Northeast escalating, the embargo was dropped as Jefferson left office.
John Greeley Jenkins was an American-Australian politician.
Fernando de la Rúa led a faction of the UCR that opposed the pact, and eventually became president in 1999.
However, protests paralyzed the country and independent organizations agreed that all exit polls indicated Siles had won handily--a result quite different from what was being purported.
His policies at that time were primarily aimed at restoring peace and order in Germany and containing the more extreme elements of the revolutionary left.
He became Member of Parliament from Tehran after Persian Constitutional Revolution.
Since the late 20th century, consensus among Western scholars has consistently held Eisenhower as one of the greatest U.S. Presidents.
In the West, Houphouët-Boigny was commonly known as the "Sage of Africa" or the "Grand Old Man of Africa".
Pedro de Rojas was a Spanish licenciado and colonial official in the Philippines and New Spain.
Once thought to be the first Native M.D.
He has two sons, Petar and Dimitrije.
The U.S. government preferred to preserve a facade of democracy, rather than have Guatemala revert to a blatant dictatorship.
In December 2012, he was exonerated by an appeals court.
A forced labor and slavery scandal forced his resignation in 1930.
In 1940, he was sent to Sachsenhausen concentration camp.
She was the first and to date only woman to serve as parliamentary speaker in an independent Croatia.
Yeltsin left office widely unpopular with the Russian population.
López served as a colonel for a long time and eventually rose to the rank of general.
He was born in Santiago de Chile, the son of Juan de Dios Fernández Gana and María del Pilar Albano Vergara.
In 1908 was promoted to full colonel, and named Under-Chief of General staff.
George Whitefield Davis was an engineer and Major General in the United States Army.
He was elected senator in 1973 and unsuccessfully ran for the office of Vice President as Ricardo Balbín's running mate the same year.
On 28 March 2008, Lemari died in Majuro due to complications from diabetes.
He is still a shareholder of the İ. Polat Holding A.Ş.
In the years 1963–1969 Dr. Klepsch was Federal leader of the Junge Union.
He is the President of the Rally for Democracy and Progress political party.
Early in 1936, Somoza used the National Guard to purge local officials loyal to the president and replace them with his associates.
Walter Foster resigned from provincial politics on February 1, 1923 in order to return to put his own failing personal finances in order.
When he joined the Socialist Party of Serbia, Slobodan Milošević predicted a great future for him.
He was the ancestor and first prominent member of the Baron Jósika de Branyicska family.
Tkhakushinov is active in meeting with the members of the Circassians diasporas, and trying to solve the problem of the Circassians compatriots living abroad.
Ne Win was a Burmese politician and military commander.
He was born in 1944 in Herat and trained as a pilot in the Soviet Union.
Aleksandr Sergeyevich Dzasokhov is the former head of the Republic of North Ossetia–Alania.
In foreign affairs, he insisted on his power to act independent of Congress.
He was President of Ecuador from July 14, 1925 to January 10, 1926 as part of the First Provisional Government.
Muhammad rose to power after a coalition of armed opposition groups, including his own United Somali Congress, deposed longtime President Siad Barre.
However, Chettiar also resigned within days after refusing to sign a controversial anti-terrorism bill, saying that the bill was discriminatory against Muslims.
Later he was employed by the Ministry of education, until he was expelled from Paktia for taking part in a riot in 1965.
He died in London, UK on 19 December 2009.
With the global rise of democracy in the aftermath of World War II, Vargas agreed to cede power in free elections, thus ending the Vargas Era.
In his absence, Provincial Secretary John Robson ran the government on a day-to-day basis, though Davie kept in touch through letters.
As Secretary of Health, he had a pivotal role in drafting and implementing the first Provincial Health Policy.
Before his election to the House, he was a provincial magistrate in Lillooet.
He unsuccessfully ran for the presidential candidate of the Sierra Leone People's Party ahead of the 2012 Sierra Leone presidential elections.
He also played for Al Ahly football team as a midfielder/defender in 1960 and 1970, and was the 20th captain of the squad.
Mariano Paredes y Arrillaga was a Conservative Mexican general and president.
He is currently pursuing his PhD degree in Political Science at the University of Toronto in Canada.
He served as Culture Minister under President Mohammad Khatami from 2000 to 2005.
He became President of Mexico in 1855 after the outbreak of the Revolution of Ayutla that overthrew Santa Anna.
Banda ran for president in the democratic elections which followed and was defeated.
He had previously been Mayor of Barcelona, from 1982 to 1997, and helped run the city's successful Olympic bid.
He has one son, Surabot Leekpai, with Pakdiporn Sujaritkul.
In the Orange Free State Reitz played an important role in the modernisation of the legal system and the state's administrative organisation.
Taj al-Din al-Hasani was a French-appointed Syrian leader and politician.
Jan Muhammed A Memon, a medical professional.
Previously he served as secretary of education from 1929 to 1930, and as secretary of agriculture from 1932 to 1935.
Ali Mahdi Muhammad is a Somali entrepreneur and politician.
After his presidency, Chissano became an elder statesman, envoy and diplomat for both his home country and the United Nations.
Sir Ellis Emmanuel Innocent Clarke, TC, GCMG was the second and last Governor-General of Trinidad and Tobago and the first President of Trinidad and Tobago.
Known as the "Primer Jefe" or "First Chief" of the Constitutionalists, Carranza was a shrewd politician rather than a military man.
After Cuban President Fidel Castro stepped down in February 2008, Bongo became the world's longest-serving non-monarch ruler.
He also helped draft the current Chilean constitution.
He was briefly Minister for Army and Navy between April and October 1934, and was appointed as senior member of the Military Council in 1935.
Latham resigned as leader in January 2005, and left parliament at the same time.
Vargas was imprisoned in 1813 for revolutionary activities.
Seyed Mohammad Hossein Adeli is an Iranian politician, diplomat, economist and academic.
He is also professor at Payame Noor University.
His reports are available in the National Audiovisual Archive of Hungary and the National Széchényi Library.
Bartolomé Mitre Martínez was an Argentine statesman, military figure, and author.
In January 1945 he was appointed governor of Houaphan where he remained until the Japanese surrender in August 1945.
He withdrew from politics in 1927, and worked on his farm.
In 2004, he was one of the 100 people who shapes our lives and most powerful people in the world by Time Magazine.
He also parlayed his returns into the establishment of the Banco Popular.
As president, he enacted several social reform policies, including an increase in the minimum wage and a series of literacy programs.
From 1928 to 1948, he served as chairman of the National Military Council of the Nationalist Government of the Republic of China.
He was an important historian, journalist, lawyer and politician.
Ion C. Inculeț was a Bessarabian politician and the president of the Moldavian Democratic Republic.
He joined the Brazilian Democratic Movement Party the following year and was elected governor of Minas Gerais where he served from 1983 to 1984.
Timur was shot and beheaded and his head was put on a pike, to be displayed at the Idgah mosque in Kashgar.
A member of the New Patriotic Party, he was Ghana's first Muslim Vice-President.
He served as intelligence minister from 1989 to 1997 under the presidency of Ali Akbar Rafsanjani.
He is also the spiritual leader of the Sierra Leone United Council of Imams, an Islamic organisation that is made up of imams across Sierra Leone.
He was previously the Senior Advisor on International Affairs to President Hamid Karzai.
Flosse chose Jacky Teuira as his handpicked successor as President over his longtime protege, Alexandre Léontieff.
Richard Coke was an American lawyer, farmer, and statesman from Waco, Texas.
Miguel Antonio Caro Tobar was a Colombian scholar, poet, journalist, philosopher, orator, philologist, lawyer, and politician.
He was a staunch promoter of separation of church and state and an aristocratic liberal.
The settlement allowed Flóres to finish his term in office, and promised Rocafuerte would become president afterwards, with Flores to head the army.
Manuel Franco was President of Paraguay from August 15, 1916 to June 5, 1919.
To the surprise of many, Congress could not agree on any candidate, no matter how many votes were taken.
Between January 24, 2013 and August 28, 2015, he served as Minister of Culture and Tourism.
He was born in Shiraz in 1891 and died in Tehran in 1978 at the age of 87.
At the time Ríos Montt had close ties to the United States, receiving direct and indirect support from several of its agencies, including the CIA.
Hugh Donaldson O'Bryant was the first mayor of Portland, Oregon, United States, serving from 1851–1852.
He was formerly a Member of the European Parliament in the European People's Party group, and was President of the European Parliament from 1997 to 1999.
He is currently the President of the Croatian Olympic Committee and honorary consul of the Republic of Mongolia in Croatia.
He took the oath of office on March 15, 1979, serving until March 15, 1985.
The same year Barrios escaped to San Miguel.
He has also previously served as Minister of Education and Vice-Minister of Science and Technology, all under National Liberation Party governments.
She was a lawyer by profession and a member of the Gabonese Democratic Party.
Patricia ‘Pat’ Rafferty was the 25th president of the Camogie Association, elected unopposed at the 2000 Congress.
On 29 May 1990 he was elected the chairman of the Russian Supreme Soviet.
He resigned on December 20, and the Congress appointed a new President.
During Benazir Bhutto 20-month Government, Mr. Sadiq Ali served as an adviser but eventually resigned because of differences.
In 1963 he was formally appointed prime minister of Nyasaland and, a year later, led the country to independence as Malawi.
After being re-elected in 1895, subsequently making a trip to Europe, Reitz fell seriously ill, and had to retire.
Micombero went into exile in Somalia where he died in 1983.
José Javier Eguiguren Ríofrío was acting President of Ecuador from 6 October 1875 to 9 December 1875.
His rule lasted until 1987 when his regime was overthrown in a further coup d'état and was forced into exile.
He had previously been Minister without Portfolio, from 1977 to 1980.
He was first elected to the Argentine Chamber of Deputies in 1946.
Yoshinobu Miyake is a Japanese Shinto priest and scholar.
In that period he proposed the dismantlement of lots of railway miles of secondary routes and main routes.
Known as "The Proclamator", he and a number of Indonesians, including the first president of Indonesia, Sukarno, fought for the independence of Indonesia from the Dutch.
He is the first former head of state to be convicted for human rights abuses in the court of another nation.
His villa in Punat is named "Villa Costarica".
Despite not being part of the Congress, he supported the actions of Julio Cobos in 2010, which were criticized by Néstor and Cristina Kirchner.
Jam Sadiq Ali belonged to the ruling dynasty of Samaa Ja'ams who ruled Sindh over two quarter centuries up to middle of 1700.
As President, Macapagal worked to suppress graft and corruption and to stimulate the Philippine economy.
He was named president of the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia after Dobrica Ćosić was forced to resign.
Clinton was elected president in 1992, defeating incumbent Republican opponent George H. W. Bush.
Tan Sri Dato' Seri Azizan bin Abdul Razak was a Malaysian politician.
In his retirement he remained a dedicated hardline communist, but also a vocal critic of the policies pursued by the regimes of his successors.
Under Sir Isaac Brock, after whom Chisholm was named, his great-grandfather fought against the Americans during the War of 1812.
Diego Ronquillo was the fifth Spanish governor of the Philippines, from March 10, 1583 until May 1584.
Alexander Edmund Batson Davie is interred in the Ross Bay Cemetery in Victoria, British Columbia.
He was ousted by a military coup in 2005.
Alhaji Alpha Osman Timbo is a Sierra Leonean politician, educationist, lecturer and trade unionist [2].
Between 1929 and the outbreak of the Second World War, Torres Bodet held diplomatic positions in Madrid, The Hague, Paris, Buenos Aires and Brussels.
Božović opposed the support from SRS, so he refused another term.
He returned to the Chadian capital N'Djamena on May 31, 2002, after 23 years in exile.
He is the leader of the MRTKL party.
Alhaji Mohamed Kemoh Fadika is a Sierra Leonean diplomat and the current Sierra Leone's ambassador to Iran.
As such he was in charge of the Chilean delegation to the swearing-in of a new president of Argentina.
He had also served as the chairman of the Sierra Leone National Premier League [6].
He was put under pressure by the party's nationalist wing, led by former Federal Councilor Christoph Blocher, for taking a moderate stance on certain issues.
At the 6th National Congress, he was elected Member of the 6th Central Committee.
Things became more difficult with the advent of the Great Depression.
He is also the first cousin of Zulfiqar Ali Bhutto, chairman of the Sindh National Front and Sindh Qaumi Itehad.
That same month, he signed into law the controversial Patriot Act in order to strengthen security and allow for greater surveillance.
Ali Saibou died on 31 October 2011.
Between 1943 and 1954 Shelest was a chief manager of several large factories in Leningrad and Kiev.
On July 21, 2005, President Vladimir Putin nominated Artamonov to retain his position; the nomination was confirmed by the Kaluga duma on July 26.
The visit of Charles de Gaulle to Iran took place during his administration.
Kenneth was replaced on the commission in 2015 by Rebecca M. Benally
Agung Laksono is an Indonesian politician and former Coordinating Minister for People's Welfare in the Second United Indonesia Cabinet and a member of the Golkar Party.
In 1836, he married Mary Martha Reid, who later became known for her nursing work during the American Civil War.
His party lost 18 seats but still held the most seats with 52.
This accomplishments would make Süren the most popular and successful chairman of all-time.
She was elected by the Congress of New Caledonia in 2004 after defeating the long-time ruling loyalist party RPCR and its chief Jacques Lafleur.
Carlos Blanco was born in Cochabamba, Bolivia.
Blanchet, however, had resigned on September 19, 1891, to accept an appointment as a judge.
This allowed the Liberal-Conservative Coalition to govern with a majority in order to block the socialist Cooperative Commonwealth Federation from forming the government.
On November 4, 2010, he was elected Speaker of the Legislative Assembly of Nunavut.
He was the father of the son of Rosaura Abelardo Gonzalez and daughter Anastasia Candelaria Duplán.
In 2004, he won reelection by a narrow margin after surviving a shooting while campaigning the day before the election.
His tenure coincided with a period of political instability in Hungary immediately after World War I, during which several successive governments ruled the country.
Stulginskis settled in Kaunas, where he died on September 22, 1969, aged 84, the last of the Signatories of the Act of Independence of Lithuania.
In 2005, he became an assistant to Office of President.
Harcourt later said that he preferred facing Johnston rather than McCarthy, since he felt McCarthy would have been a tougher opponent.
Her Ijtihad degree was approved by several ayatollahs, including Ayatollahs Ali Yari Gharavi-Tabrizi, Safi Gulpaygani, Fazel Lankarani, and Mohammad Hassan Ahmadi Faqih.
From 31 October 1876 to 23 January 1877, he claimed the interim presidency of Mexico.
U.S. President Martin Van Buren appointed Reid governor of Florida in December 1839.
Tan Soo Khoon is a former Singaporean politician and Member of Parliament.
Chisholm was born in Oakville, Ontario, to a family with deep ties to the region.
Amrohi started writing poetry early in his life and has written almost every form of Urdu poetry, including Hamd, na`at, nazm, ghazal, qasida, salaam and manqabat).
From Albany, Carpenter graduated from the University of Western Australia, and worked as a journalist before entering politics.
Ezekiel Massat is a Bougainvillean lawyer and politician.
He was killed in a helicopter which was shot down by Armenian forces near the Karakend village of Khojavend district in Nagorno-Karabakh, Azerbaijan.
Their daughter Leila Treacher was born in Singapore in 1882.
Soglo is married to Rosine Vieyra Soglo, the Beninois former First Lady and politician.
She is usually referred to as Eva Perón or Evita.
He was an assistant lecturer at the LSE until the Second World War started when he moved to the Ministry of Economic Warfare.
He was also the organizer of "Iran, hundred years after Iranian constitutional revolution", an international conference organized in Tehran.
He left the company in 1938 and co-founded Utusan Melayu.
Rocafuerte returned, and on September 20, 1833, became Governor of Guayas Province.
Argentina's Constitution of 1826 was promulgated later, but was rejected by the provinces.
As Prime Minister, he was a hardcore bureaucrat, under whom more than half of Serbian economy was under state ownership.
In October 1993, troops loyal to Yeltsin stopped an armed uprising outside of the parliament building, leading to a number of deaths.
The number of American soldiers in Afghanistan fell dramatically during Obama's second term, though U.S. soldiers remained in Afghanistan throughout Obama's presidency.
He was awarded fellowships from the International College of Surgeons USA and College of Physicians and Surgeons Pakistan.
Following the defeat of the referendum, Chávez announced on January 3, 2008 that he was replacing Rodríguez with Ramón Carrizales, previously the Minister of Housing.
The Guatemalan government declared martial law for a period of 30 days.
He was the first psychiatrist to head the medical ranks of any army in the world.
Ebrahim Asgharzadeh is an Iranian political activist and politician.
He went on to become a prosperous businessman and landowner.
Pérez Balladares' term was notable for free-market reforms and the privatization of government services.
José Arnoldo Alemán Lacayo was the 81st President of Nicaragua from 10 January 1997 to 10 January 2002.
Graduated from the Moscow State Institute of International Relations in 1976.
Harry Corwin Nixon was a Canadian politician and briefly the 13th Premier of Ontario.
Wiesenburg is best known for his opposition to Governor Ross Barnett’s attempt to deny the enrollment of James Meredith into the University of Mississippi.
The exact circumstances of his death were never determined.
In 1917–1918, Svinhufvud was the first Head of State of independent Finland, first as Chairman of the Senate and subsequently as Protector of State or Regent.
In 1970, the Gambia became a republic, with no monarchy, and Jawara was elected as its first President.
He was born in Aleppo, and held a Ph.D. in Law.
He was a founding member of the Mongolian People's Party in 1919 and later served as chairman of the Party Central Committee in 1921.
Unknown to Károlyi, however, the Social Democrats had merged with the Communists.
Truman was born in Lamar, Missouri, and spent most of his youth on his family's 600-acre farm near Independence.
The first was brought to an end by defeat in the 1991 elections, the latter two by the breakdown of Yılmaz' coalition governments.
Rodrigo Borja Cevallos was President of Ecuador from August 10, 1988 to August 10, 1992.
Popular unrest, together with an ongoing economic crisis and a sickly president, laid the foundations for a bloodless coup d'état against Córdova in July 1925.
During his time in office, he was in charge of the following departments:
Lionel Laughton Hill was the thirtieth Premier of South Australia, representing the South Australian Branch of the Australian Labor Party.
István Rakovszky de Nagyrákó et Nagyselmecz was a legitimist Hungarian politician.
Antonio J. Barrette was a Quebec politician born in Joliette, Quebec, Canada.
Enraged oligarchs played a role in the subsequent coup d'état.
He also served as the 1st Deputy Premier of South Australia in 1968 and again from 1970 to 1979.
He followed Stalin's guidelines very closely, and made sure that everyone else in East Germany did so as well.
In 1896 he was one of the founders of the Social Democratic Party of Lithuania.
He obtained his master's degree in 1978 and a Ph.D. in 1981 from the University of Belgrade.
Soccoh Kabia is a Sierra Leonean consultant physician and nephrologist and politician who serves as Sierra Leone's Minister of Social Welfare and Children's Affairs.
in 1996, a position he held for five years.
Colonel Abdul Qadir was the leader of the Afghan Air Force squadrons that attacked the Radio-TV Station during the 1978 Coup that started the Saur Revolution.
He served as Governor-General during the tenure of different governments headed by Sirimavo Bandaranaike of SLFP and Dudley Senanayake of UNP.
Between 1990-92, he was Speaker of the People's Assembly of Republika Srpska.
An ardent Stalinist, his government was a satellite of the Soviet Union.
He is a Christian and a member of the Creole ethnic minority who mostly live in the Western Area of Sierra Leone.
Paul Borg Olivier is the nephew of former Maltese Prime Minister Giorgio Borg Olivier and grandson of Paolo Borg Olivier, a former Nationalist Party Minister.
Simon Fraser Tolmie, PC was a veterinarian, farmer, politician, and the 21st Premier of the Province of British Columbia, Canada.
Manuel María de los Santos Acosta Castillo was a Colombian General and political figure.
Ali Hussain Kafi was an Algerian politician.
Gómez Pérez Dasmariñas y Ribadeneira was a Spanish politician, diplomat, military officer and colonial official.
He was the first premier of a Canadian province to be of non-European descent, since followed by Ujjal Dosanjh and Ghiz's son, Robert.
Later, he was elected senator for Linares.
The king formed a rival government in Sopron and appointed Rakovszky as Prime Minister.
He was called affectionately by Mexicans "The Gentleman President".
He returned to the house in 1861, and became chief commissioner of public works.
Bourghani was deputy minister of culture of Iran in President Mohammad Khatami's cabinet.
The year after, he was named commander of Regiment Nº3 of artillery.
He was formerly a vice-chairman of the Kuomintang.
Lahai also has a PhD in Agricultural extension and Rural development from the University of Reading in Berkshire, England.
Some candidates ran as independents, some as Independent Conservatives.
Angidi Chettiar throughout his political career was a staunch member of the Mauritius Labour Party.
Miklós Németh [ˈmikloːʃ ˈneːmɛt] is a Hungarian economist and politician, who served as Prime Minister of Hungary from 24 November 1988 to 23 May 1990.
Another notable relative was the Portuguese humanist Francisco de Holanda, his remote uncle.
Madero was notable for challenging Mexican President Porfirio Díaz for the presidency in 1910 and being instrumental in sparking the Mexican Revolution.
He is still widely known and respected for his integrity as a judge, and as a fighter for democracy.
Dr George Chan, who was the deputy chief minister, ended up Barisan Nasional’s biggest casualty when DAP first-timer Alan Ling Sie Kiong turned giant-killer in Piasau.
Miguel Paz Barahona was President of Honduras from 1 February 1925 to 1 February 1929.
A devout Muslim, Kabbah was born in Pendembu, Kailahun District in Eastern Sierra Leone, though he was raised in the capital Freetown.
Noriega died at Hospital Santo Tomas in Panama City on May 29, 2017, two months after brain surgery.
Harry Edwin Strom was the ninth Premier of Alberta, Canada, from 1968 to 1971.
She constitutionally succeeded Bongo due to her role as President of the Senate, a post to which she was elected in February 2009.
He was also the 5th President of the Hong Kong Institute of Education and Professor of Public and Social Administration in City University of Hong Kong.
Jaime Ramón Lusinchi was a Venezuelan politician who was the President of Venezuela from 1984 to 1989.
Francisco Arízaga Luque, was an Ecuadorian poet, writer and politician.
He was a prominent leader of the Agrarian League, and served as Prime Minister four times and Speaker of the Parliament six times.
François Asselineau is a French politician and an Inspector General for finances.
He was the head of the Federal Department of Defence, Civil Protection and Sports.
In 2013, the IOC announced that Rogge would become their Honorary President.
In 1992, he was named the State Prosecutor of the Republic of Croatia.
Valery Veniaminovich Gayevsky; is a Russian politician who was the governor of Stavropol Krai in 2008-2012.
Enrique José Bolaños Geyer was the President of Nicaragua from 10 January 2002 to 10 January 2007.
Minah was hanged in 1989, following his trial and conviction for alleged involvement in the 1987 coup.
Juan Carlos Wasmosy Monti was the President of Paraguay from August 15, 1993 until August 15, 1998.
Following university studies, he worked for companies such as Elektron, Novi Kolektiv and Belgrade Water Utility Company.
He was appointed a senator by Tun Dr. Mahathir Mohamad in 1999.
Ghazanfar Mohammad Asl Roknabadi was an Iranian diplomat, who served as Iranian ambassador to Lebanon from 2010 to 2014.
This burial ground was inaugurated by Guillermo León Valencia in 1940.
He returned in 1971 and was elected as head of the Popular Assembly, a revolutionary congress endorsed by the reform-minded general General Juan José Torres.
From 1990 to 1996, He was Mayor of Rasht.
He established the BC Power Commission, a forerunner of BC Hydro, to provide power to smaller communities that were not serviced by private utilities.
The election was marked by controversy as there was evidence of election fraud.
The Ecuadorian Army's military college bears his name, as does the flagship of the Ecuadorian Navy.
In his second term, Obama took steps to combat climate change, signing a major international climate agreement and an executive order to limit carbon emissions.
He was defeated by the Nationalists under Chiang Kai-shek in May 1928.
Currently he is the first deputy of the Chief Justice of Iran.
Gerald "Gerry" Weiner, PC is a Canadian politician.
Since 2013 he has been Chairman of the Democratic Party of Turkmenistan, the ruling party in Turkmenistan.
Moussa Traoré is a Malian soldier and politician who was President of Mali from 1968 to 1991.
This visit paved the way for closer relations between Albania and the Albanian community in Kosovo and the Albanian community in the Former Yugoslavia.
After leaving politics, Strom returned to farming.
During his captivity, he was tortured by the Greek Military Police.
Strongly contested by his political party, Rivadavia resigned and was succeeded by Vicente López y Planes.
His presidency was seen favorably by the public polls, but received mixed opinions from scholars.
Smithe was in Elliott's short lived cabinet from 1876 to 1878 before returning to the opposition benches and again became opposition leader.
He was speaker of Parliament of Iran from 1947 to 1955 for 2 term.
He was also a member of the Parti libéral du Québec.
Manuel Ávila Camacho served as the President of Mexico from 1940 to 1946.
Sir Richard Butler was an Australian politician.
She was born in Abadan, Iran in 1948.
He served continuously as Premier of South Australia and leader of the Liberal and Country League from 5 November 1938 to 10 March 1965.
In 2008, Schmid joined the newly formed Conservative Democratic Party, along with almost all of the SVP's Bern section.
His tenure coincided with a period of political instability in Hungary immediately after World War I, during which several successive governments ruled the country.
Around the elections there were accusations of electoral fraud, nevertheless, the name patriotic fraud was used for a system of control established from 1931 to 1943.
politician and community activist who has been a Member-At-Large of the Municipal Council of Newark, New Jersey since 2006.
He leads the Balochistan National Party, a provincial political party calling for equal rights of Balochistan through peaceful and democratic struggle.
He had been a barrister-at-law in his home-country Australia when he joined the judiciary of Hong Kong in 1965 as a magistrate in the Lands Tribunal.
During his presidency the Basque statute of autonomy was developed.
His Javanese Muslim parents divorced not long after his birth, and he was passed between foster parents for much of his childhood.
In 2010, Amnesty International issued a statement that Šeks should be prosecuted based upon testimony from the Glavaš trial.
Miyake was appointed the Superior General of Konko Church of Izuo in 2006 and appointed Chair of the Board of International Shinto Studies Association in 2013.
Following her defeat Johnston retired from politics and has had a low public profile.
Hashim Khalid al-Atassi was a Syrian nationalist, statesman and its President from 1936 to 1939, 1949 to 1951, and 1954 to 1955.
Betancourt attended the funeral of his friend in 1980.
Tomčić remained President of the Parliament until December 2003, following new elections where the party lost seats and went into the opposition.
Following his party's defeat in the 2012 general election, he was appointed as Vice Chairman of the State Great Khural.
He was a member of the Tutsi ethnic group.
The Suvadive government was unceremoniously dismantled by the British and the Maldive Islands' government representatives without ceremony in 1963.
He was the chairman of the Neo Lao Issara and Resistance Government.
After serving as president of Mexico for six years, President Fox returned to his home state of Guanajuato, where he resides with his wife and family.
He served a first term as Vice President from 1997 to 2002, and he briefly became Acting President in 2002 when Cassam Uteem resigned.
He entered top politics in 1972 being co-opted to the Central Committee of the League of Communists of Croatia.
In 2007 he was appointed by Sierra Leone's President Ernest Bai Koroma as Sierra Leone's Minister of Justice and Attorney General.
He was part of the National Convention of November 1892.
During the floods of August 1983, he managed both Basque and Spanish emergency services in order to solve the resulting problems.
Emilio Cándido Portes Gil was President of Mexico from 1928 to 1930.
Juan Pereda Asbún was a former military general and dictator of Bolivia.
He was one of the perpetrators of the Great Purge as well as the Stalinist decimation of the International Brigade during the Spanish Civil War.
Suharto was born in a small village, Kemusuk, in the Godean area near the city of Yogyakarta, during the Dutch colonial era.
Born in the city of Al-Ubayyid in 1934, he graduated from the Sudanese Military Academy.
The first presidency of Alan García occurred from 1985 to 1990.
Choua placed fifth, taking 5.93% of the vote, while Déby won in the second round, held in July.
John Oponjo Benjamin is a Sierra Leonean economist and politician of Mende descent.
He was most recently deputy director of the National Institutes of Health, and officially became the 13th president of Grinnell College on August 1, 2010.
James Kidd Flemming was a businessman and politician in New Brunswick, Canada.
Col. Mohamed Khouna Ould Haidallah was the head of state of Mauritania from 4 January 1980 to 12 December 1984.
The Congressional Budget Office reported a budget surplus between the years 1998 and 2000, the last three years of Clinton's presidency.
Figueiredo retired after the end of his term and died in 1999.
Edvard Beneš, sometimes anglicised to Edward Benes, was a Czech politician who was twice President of Czechoslovakia.
Mijatović was born in Lopare, at the time in Austria-Hungary.
He opened a trading store in Monrovia, and later engaged in politics.
He was one of the three white parliamentarians elected in the Zimbabwean parliamentary election, 2000 despite the intimidation against MDC voters by supporters of ZANU-PF.
Guido thus became the only civilian to take power in Argentina by military coup.
Vincent "Ċensu" Tabone was the fourth President of Malta and a former Minister and Nationalist MP.
Koroma, whose political career stems back to the 1960s, "was a strong supporter" and "advocate of women's rights".
On 29 April, he returned to Butare and told the populace that he was there to supervise the killing of Tutsi.
He was quick to suppress any rivals in his quest for power, and influential fascists such as Ferenc Szálasi were harassed by Imrédy’s administration.
Two buses full of victims arrived in Vladikavkaz on that day to see his long-awaited court appearance.
John C. Knapp, Ph.D., is the 13th president of Washington & Jefferson College in Washington, Pennsylvania.
In 2002, he was promoted to the rank of knight of the Légion d'honneur.
Before beginning his PhD, Gerald was a Jeanne Sauvé Scholar at McGill University, where he investigated the mechanisms that strengthen government institutions.
He was chairman of the Directory of Dahomey from December 13, 1969 to May 7, 1970.
Eurico Gaspar Dutra, was a Brazilian military leader and politician who served as 16th President of Brazil from 1946 to 1951.
Sivakumar s/o Varatharaju Naidu, better known as V. Sivakumar, is a Malaysian politician from Perak, and the current Speaker of the Perak State Assembly.
Agramont was the first civilian governor of Baja California Sur who was born in the present-day state.
Joko-Smart is married to Daisy Smart, nee Tucker.
In 1957, Kállai visited and questioned Imre Nagy, the former Hungarian prime minister, in exile in Snagov, Romania.
Fu Ssu-nien, was a famous Chinese educator and linguist, and one of the leaders of the May Fourth Movement in 1919.
On July 13, 1937, Toro resigned the presidency and Lieutenant Colonel Germán Busch assumed the presidency.
Arthur Napoleon Raymond Robinson SC, OCC, TC was the third President of Trinidad and Tobago, serving from 19 March 1997 to 17 March 2003.
Thereafter he took up appointment as Nigeria's High Commissioner in the United Kingdom, a post he held until August 1970, when he left public service.
Following the 1980 Norwood by-election the Tonkin government was reduced to a one-seat majority.
She had previously served under Vander Zalm when she was a councilor and he was the mayor of Surrey.
After the election an electoral fraud was claimed by Álvarez and his party.
He led the party to defeat at the 2004 federal election.
His grandfather was the Shiite scholar Sheykh Mohammad Hasan Mamaqani.
Vladimir Šeks is a Croatian lawyer and Croatian Democratic Union politician.
He is known for organising the International Conference to Review the Global Vision of the Holocaust which took place in Tehran in 2006.
Sbusiso Xaba is the Deputy President of Pan Africanist Congress of Azania from 2014 in South Africa.
Following the elections in 2006, Belkić served as Chairman of the House of Representatives from 11 January to 11 September 2007.
When he became president, he sent a bill to the Congress to revoke the self-amnesty law established by the military.
Kotor was the closest town with a maternity ward but he considers Budva his hometown.
Juan José Nieto Gil was a Colombian politician, Army general and writer.
András Hegedüs was a Hungarian Communist politician who served as Chairman of the Council of Ministers from 1955 to 1956.
The passport that showed his entrance into Saudi Arabia was also released by Iranian media.
He was the Chairman of the Hungarian Presidential Council from 29 June 1988 to 23 October 1989.
He served as the president of Chile between 1861 and 1871.
Abdolhosein Hazhir was a Prime Minister of Iran.
In May 2015, Netanyahu named him Director-General of the Israeli Ministry of Foreign Affairs.
He joined the Australian Labor Party in 1970 and nine years later was elected to the Victorian Legislative Assembly for the Prahran.
Several coups were attempted against him in the early 1960s, but they all failed.
In 2004, Ahmed also helped establish the Transitional Federal Government, which he led as President of Somalia from 2004 until 2008.
in Refugee Studies from the University of East London in 2002.
He was pro-Ally but because of opposition in the army, he didn't break relations with the Axis.
He currently is the Plenipotentiary Envoy to the Southern Federal District.
He worked as Foreign Policy State Advisor for Azerbaijan President Heydar Aliyev between 1990-1999.
He served as Mayor of Quito between 1970 and 1978.
Some notable reforming cabinet members were persons who had outstanding abilities and made many positive contributions to the administration.
In 1918, while he was in command of UB-68, the submarine was sunk by British forces and Dönitz was taken prisoner.
King was elected as the first MLA for the new riding of Shuswap-Revelstoke in the 1979 general election.
Thomas Dix Hincks and a younger brother of the noted scholars Edward Hincks and William Hincks.
Abel Nathaniel Bankole Stronge is a Sierra Leonean politician who was Speaker of the Parliament of Sierra Leone from 2007 through 2014.
He was elected into the Parliament of Vojvodina in 1990.
In 1942 he became the First Secretary at the British Embassy in Washington.
Henderson was succeeded by Craig Lehman as the minority Commissioner.
This group gained favor among young Mon students and eventually replaced the MPF as the primary Mon armed resistance.
He was elected to the legislature of Adygea in 1990.
Marie-Noëlle Thémereau is the former president of the government of New Caledonia, an overseas territory of France in the Pacific Ocean.
He was also the Chief of the Bai-Sombe clan till his death.
Natsagiin Bagabandi is a Mongolian politician and the Director of Oyu Tolgoi LLC.
He handed over office on 31 December 2000.
He was president of the Cypriot parliament from 2011 to 2016 and was leader of political party EDEK between 2001 and 2015.
He is currently the manager of both the cultural institutions Ramon Llull Foundation and Ramon Llull Institute.
His clients included the United Farmers of Alberta; through his connection with that lobby group, he was involved in founding the United Grain Growers.
He was the Deputy Prime Minister of Turkey in the military government of Bülend Ulusu between 1980 and 1982.
Ulbricht played a leading role in the creation of the Weimar-era Communist Party of Germany and later in the early development and establishment of East Germany.
Vasil Biľak was a Slovak Communist leader of Rusyn origin.
Devan Nair Chengara Veetil BBM, also known as C. V. Devan Nair, was a Malaysian and Singaporean politician.
Ingmar De Vos is a Belgian professional sports manager serving as the thirteenth and current President of the International Federation for Equestrian Sports.
He received an honorary Doctor of Laws degree from the University of Leeds in 1961.
He received numerous honorary degrees, and was made a Companion of the Order of Canada in 1967.
He was assassinated in 2003 by Zvezdan Jovanović, a former Special Forces operative with ties to the Serbian Mafia.
Later he served as president during the Continuation War.
He did not seek reelection in 1949 and returned to business.
On 17 March, soldiers and riot police entered Rangoon University and arrested hundreds of students, 41 dying in custody.
Boris Nikolayevich Yeltsin was a Soviet and Russian politician and the first President of the Russian Federation, serving from 1991 to 1999.
Oscar Manutahi Temaru is a French Polynesian politician.
In 1918, he was freed and returned to Hungary.
His first presidency also saw the nationalization of the oil industry.
He was inducted into the United States Volleyball Hall of Fame in 2007.
In retirement, he mainly focuses on writing and teaching English.
Domljan was later a representative in the Parliamentary Assembly of the Council of Europe.
Lansana Conté was the second President of Guinea, serving from 3 April 1984 until his death in December 2008.
Ghulam Mohammed Baloch was a Baloch nationalist politician.
In 1999, Bernstein was fined by the National Futures Association $200,000 and permanently barred from NFA membership for using misleading and deceptive Promotional Material.
He settled in Marion when not yet 20 years old and bought The Marion Star, building it into a successful newspaper.
His presidency was marked by violent confrontations between rival military factions, culminating in the 1963 Argentine Navy Revolt, which Guido's government successfully suppressed.
He was born in Neapoli, Thessaloniki in 1929.
He was a General and liberal politician whose role in Honduran history began during the Civil War 1826-29.
He works in advertising industry as the owner of Kamera Reklam Group.
He was a descendant of the famous dynasty of Huraa, from his father's side.
Alejandro Woss y Gil was a Dominican politician and military figure.
He became the leader of the UCR after Balbín's death, and was the Radical candidate for the presidency in the 1983 elections, which he won.
Maaouya Ould Sid'Ahmed Taya is a Mauritanian military officer who served as the president of Mauritania from 1984 to 2005.
He was born in La Ceiba in Honduras.
Sun Fo or Sun Ke, courtesy name Zhesheng, was a high-ranking official in the government of the Republic of China.
Toda was the disciple of Tsunesaburō Makiguchi and mentor of Daisaku Ikeda, respectively the first and third presidents of the Soka Gakkai.
In an assassination attempt targeting Mohtashami, he lost his right hand when he was opening a book loaded with explosives.
The Davie government also approved the construction of the province's parliament buildings in Victoria despite pressure to move the capital to the mainland.
Dr. Mustafa Azret-Aliyevich Batdyyev is a Russian politician of Karachay ethnicity, who was the second president of Karachay–Cherkessia, serving from 2003 to 2008.
He died of heart failure, pneumonia, and renal complications, in 1997, at the age of 86.
Sibghatullah Mojaddedi is a politician in Afghanistan, who served as Acting President after the fall of Mohammad Najibullah's government in April 1992.
Paul Borg Olivier took up photography in 2013.
In the end, Toro was caught between the cross currents of reformers from the left, and the interests of a mining magnatate.
He worked first as an administrator in Grand Bassa, which later had its capital named Buchanan in his honor.
Months into his first term, he signed the Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1993, which raised taxes and set the stage for future budget surpluses.
He was elected numerous times to the Parliament of Iran as a representative of Arak.
He was arrested in the summer of 1937 on charges of counterrevolution and was executed the following November.
Pedro Opaso Letelier was a Chilean politician and provisional vice president of Chile in 1931.
He pursued closer relations with Great Britain, allowing for the beginning of the construction of the Panama Canal, which increased U.S. security and trade opportunities.
He refused attempts by the Communists to become a puppet of a Soviet backed police state, but resigned under duress.
With Cubas facing almost certain conviction and removal by the Senate, he resigned on March 29, and González Macchi ascended to the presidency.
Byron Ingemar "Boss" Johnson, born Björn Ingimar "Bjössi" Jónsson, served as the 24th Premier of the province of British Columbia, Canada, from 1947 to 1952.
South Korea received the highest marks on the Reporters Without Borders Press Freedom Index under his administration.
The Council's influence was soon, however, sidelined, and Nol resumed personalist rule of the deteriorating Republic.
International observers declared the election free and fair.
He served as a Democratic congressman from Kentucky from 1839 to 1843, and was the Democratic vice-presidential nominee under Lewis Cass in 1848.
Since leaving office, Clinton has been rated highly in public opinion polls of U.S. presidents.
In 1827, the remaining 130 slaves at Monticello were sold to pay the debts of Jefferson's estate.
He created the William J. Clinton Foundation to address international causes, such as the prevention of AIDS and global warming.
Under Nigerian pressure, Lol was made head of the Transitional Government of National Unity on April 29, 1979, by the four factions present at Kano I.
A Colonel in the Salvadoran Army, Aguirre led two successful coups against the Salvadoran government: once in 1931 and again in 1944.
He was Attorney General of Indonesia for the period 2004-2007.
He worked as a journalist from 1945 to 1973 before he was offered the post of High Commissioner of Singapore to Malaysia by the government.
Dame Barbara joined the FCO in 1994.
As premier, Stewart tried to hold together his Liberal Party, which was divided by the Conscription Crisis of 1917.
Edward Gierek was a Polish communist politician.
She currently represent Constituency 13 from Kenema District in the Sierra Leone House of Parliament.
Xuereb was appointed by the Prime Minister as the Acting President of the Republic, following the end of term of Office of the third President.
In 2002 he became a politician and was elected the president of the Sakha Republic, a federal subject of Russia.
Melchor de Eca y Múzquiz was a Mexican soldier and politician.
The demonstrations eventually forced Sánchez de Lozada to resign, leaving Mesa as president.
Sir Eric Wyndham White KCMG was a British administrator and economist.
He was dismissed from the army twice, mainly due to his residence in the south.
Don Chico left the presidency as a well loved figure and died of a stroke three years later.
He is best known for nationalization of the oil industry in 1938 and the creation of Pemex, the government oil company.
He is a member of the All People's Congress; and a former member of the Sierra Leone People's Party
He was Vice-President and became President of Argentina in 1895 when Luis Sáenz Peña resigned.
Soliin Danzan was a central figure in Mongolia's early revolutionary movement.
President of Executive Committee, Anti-Fascist Council for the National Liberation of Yugoslavia, 26 October 1942 – 4 December 1943
Shamed by his defeat, he never returned to Ecuador, and died in Callao, Peru, in March 1873.
General Carlos Ibáñez del Campo was a Chilean Army officer and political figure.
In July 1959, he was appointed Chairman of the Public Service Commission, Singapore.
He went to Deutsche Schule Istanbul and graduated from a German high school in Germany, then studied business administration in Istanbul University.
He is a member of the United Malays National Organisation in Malaysia's ruling Barisan Nasional coalition.
He first came to national attention at the age of 66 as the victor of the decisive Battle of Tannenberg in August 1914.
Risto Heikki Ryti was the fifth president of Finland, from 1940 to 1944.
Abdul Rasheed Hussain is currently retired and serves as chairman of Liyuntheringe Gulhun, a literary organization of distinguished writers in the Maldives.
In 1963, he became President of South Vietnam after leading a coup in which Diệm was assassinated.
He is colloquially referred to as A-Bian or A-pi-a.
The Soviet Union, then led by Joseph Stalin, became an enemy in the Cold War.
He studied with the great marja of his time, grand ayatollah Morteza Ansari.
He was buried in the Guatemalan capital with state honors.
Support for Suharto's presidency was strong throughout the 1970s and 1980s.
He holds a degree from the Christian University of Indonesia School of Medicine.
In his writings on American grievances justifying the Revolution, he attacked the British for sponsoring the slave trade to the colonies.
From June 18, to July 18, 1946 he was Chairman of the Constituent National Assembly.
Disputes concerning the election led to opposition street demonstrations, which developed into a civil war in May 1992.
He had earlier served as Vice-President of Argentina from 1995 to 1999, with Carlos Menem, and as his Interior Minister during his first administration.
After the Republican victory in the 1908 presidential election, Roosevelt was succeeded by his protege and chosen successor, William Howard Taft.
Previously, he was the national affairs reporter for Talking Points Memo and a senior editor at the New York Observer.
Benigno Asunción Ferreira was President of Paraguay November 25, 1906 – July 4, 1908.
He was president of the "Junta de Gobierno" 1950-1952, after the assassination of Carlos Delgado Chalbaud.
His government's policy approach combined economic conservatism with social progressivism.
In 1958, Mansur was elected to the state legislature, where he served for five terms.
The assaults received widespread coverage in international media, helping to build support within the U.S. for military action against Noriega.
He was elected unopposed during martial law in January 1945, and was overthrown in a coup by other military officers in December 1948.
He was also founding member of the Alliance of Free Democrats and Speaker of the National Assembly of Hungary before becoming President.
He was then sent to Nigeria as a result of his good work.
He was also the United Malays National Organisation information chief and former Menteri Besar of Selangor.
Mahmoud Modir al-Molk Djam was a prime minister of Iran from 1935 to 1939.
His relative, Alceu Wamosy, a famous Brazilian writer, is also from this ancestry.
Konstantin Konstantinovich Ilkovsky is a Russian politician and Governor of Zabaykalsky Krai from 2013 to 17 February 2016.
Tomassoni was elected in June 2006 to the Grand and General Council as an independent on the list of the Party of Socialists and Democrats.
He was the third Chief Minister of Sarawak and the fourth Yang di-Pertua Negeri Sarawak.
Abelardo Rodríguez Luján, commonly known as Abelardo L. Rodríguez was the interim president of Mexico from 1932–1934.
After the reunification of Germany, she served in the government of Chancellor Helmut Kohl.
Sandra Sumang Pierantozzi is a Palauan politician.
Sir George William Ross was an educator and politician in the Canadian province of Ontario.
He is a member of the United Democratic Party, and was reelected by parliament in January 2004, receiving 20 votes, while Justin deBrum received 9.
Later, the President recalled Guilarte and appointed him a member of the powerful Council of State.
Nordström trained as a physician at Karolinska Institutet and has experience in the field of national and international health policy and planning and strategic leadership.
Prior to taking office as President, he was a member of the ruling People's Action Party and served as Deputy Prime Minister from 1985 to 1993.
Economic growth continued after Park's death and the country eventually democratized; later presidents included people arrested under Park's regime.
As Speaker of the House, Dr Yeoh's residence was The Command House.
Dmitry and Inga have a son born in 2005.
With the election of William D. Coleman as president in 1896, Gibson was appointed Secretary of the Interior.
Upon his retirement, the Elles lived in Hartfield, Sussex.
Mohammad Ebrahim Mirza Amirteymour Kalali, also known as Sardar Nosrat, was a prominent Iranian statesman and aristocrat.
During his second presidential period, he pardoned Hugo Chávez, who eventually went on to succeed him in 1999.
Tan Sri Muhammad bin Haji Muhammad Taib is a Malaysian politician who currently is a PKR member.
He also created eleven "first", including the first modern bank, first telegraphy company, the first iron and steel joint enterprise....
Welensky retired to Salisbury, where he re-entered politics and attempted to stop Rhodesia from unilaterally declaring itself independent.
Edgar Chagwa Lungu is a Zambian politician who has been the President of Zambia since January 2015.
He served as Prime Minister from 1920 until 1922, and signed a treaty with the Soviet Union.
In 1955, he graduated from Ignalina secondary school with a gold medal and entered Vilnius State University of Vincas Kapsukas, graduating in 1960.
In 1984, von Weizsäcker was elected as President of the Federal Republic of Germany.
He returned to Ecuador in 1807, and committed himself to freeing his land, first from Spanish rule, and later from the Republic of Gran Colombia.
A group of deputies opposed this decision and found support among the high-ranking officers of the Navy, including Admiral Custódio José de Melo.
His dead body was discovered on 9 April 2009, five days after being detained by Pakistan's paramilitary Frontier Corps.
Mammad Amin Rasulzadeh was an Azerbaijani statesman, scholar, public figure and the first and only president of the Democratic Republic of Azerbaijan.
However, his political ascension did not occur without difficulties.
Uribe started his political career in his home department of Antioquia.
Abdul Hamid was born on 27 July 1944 in Penang.
He had a wife and three daughters.
Reagan, a Republican, took office as the 40th United States president following a landslide win over Democratic incumbent President Jimmy Carter in the 1980 presidential election.
At the 4th Congress Đỗ Mười was elected an alternate member of the 4th Politburo.
Barrios was a liberal and supported the unity of Central America.
Lechín was elected the union's Executive Secretary.
He was the son of General E.D.
Matías Miguel de Irigoyen was an Argentine soldier and politician.
His main task was to call new elections, which took place within 7 months of his swearing-in.
Serry-Kamal died on January 18, 2014 at the Johns Hopkins Hospital in Maryland in the United States.
Özal died unexpectedly while in office in 1993, with an exhumation in 2012 leading to evidence of poisoning but the cause of death was unclear.
Blair was able to re-enter the house through a by-election.
He played for Egypt national football team from early seventies to late seventies of the last century.
The most important events of his government were the Conquest of the Desert and the transformation of the City of Buenos Aires into a federal district.
Washington took office after the 1788–89 presidential election, the nation's first quadrennial presidential election, in which he was elected unanimously.
His eldest son, Eduardo Frei Ruiz-Tagle, also became president of Chile.
Gabriel Oladele Olutola is a Nigerian-born author, pastor and motivational speaker.
He was educated at the University of New Brunswick and then studied law at Dalhousie Law School.
In 1951, he returned to Malaya to become consultant surgeon to the Singapore General Hospital.
Eyo Edet Okon fondly called Akamba Ete was a Nigerian Christian clergyman and minister.
Djidingar Dono Ngardoum was Prime Minister of Chad from May 19, 1982 to June 19, 1982.
He was Chairman of the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
He fathered 26 sons and 13 daughters by 8 wives.
Gierek replaced Władysław Gomułka as First Secretary of the ruling Polish United Workers' Party in the Polish People's Republic.
He served as the chairman of the executive council of Montenegro from 1963-66.
He served as President of the People's Chamber from 1969 to 1976 and deputy chairman of the State Council of East Germany from 1960 to 1989.
Stambolić served as president of the Central Committee of the Serbian Communist Party from 1948 to 1957.
He was professor and dean at UBA between 1923 and 1928.
From the 1950s until shortly before the U.S. invasion, Noriega worked closely with the U.S. CIA.
Jenkins joined the Bank of Canada in 1972 as an economist with the Research Department.
Hanington ran unsuccessfully for a seat in the provincial legislature for Westmorland in 1870 but was elected in an 1870 by-election as a Liberal-Conservative.
As such, she served as acting head of state of East Germany until its merger into West Germany in October.
In 1970, he returned to Dahomey to serve as head of a rotating three-man presidential council, which included Ahomadegbé-Tomêtin and Apithy.
Pedro de Aycinena y Piñol was a conservative politician and member of the Aycinena clan that worked closely with the conservative regime of Rafael Carrera.
He was the last British governor of Trinidad and Tobago and the first governor-general upon the country's independence in 1962.
After the war was declared over by the United States in 1902, Sakay continued resistance and the following year became President of the Republic of Katagalugan.
When the French-backed Second Mexican Empire fell in 1867, the Mexican Republic with Juárez as president was restored to full power.
Iemma led Labor to victory at the 2007 state election, albeit with a slightly reduced majority.
After his return to Suriname, he became active in the Progressive Reform Party.
He was the great-uncle of the 32nd president of Colombia, Juan Manuel Santos and former Colombian Vice President Francisco Santos Calderon.
Luigi Einaudi, OMRI was an Italian politician and economist.
He revolted against Flores, but was defeated and imprisoned.
These were difficult years for proponents of free trade.
Luis Alfredo Palacio González served as President of Ecuador from April 20, 2005 to January 15, 2007.
He also served as Chaplain of the Liberian Senate.
He had a long career in the Serbian and Yugoslav communist parties.
He was the last president other than an interim president, Carlos Manuel Piedra, to be born during Spanish rule.
Turkey chose Nemyriv as a capital of Khanate of Ukraine.
In 1976, he deposed Micombero in a bloodless coup d'état and took power himself.
Vice-Admiral Mamy Ranaivoniarivo was briefly the Defence Minister of Madagascar in early 2009.
He participated in the government of the 1919 Hungarian Soviet Republic.
Prior to the elections, Volkov was the speaker of the Udmurtia Republican Legislature.
From 1990 to 1993, he was posted in New York City as the UN correspondent for IRNA.
A career party functionary with background in the Communist Youth League, Bagatur steadily ascended the ranks of government, spending his entire career in Inner Mongolia.
Massat will also be responsible for justice and law within the Tanis government.
A member of the Socialist Party of Serbia, he next became acting President of Serbia from 23 July to 29 December 1997.
In 1953, while occupying that position, he was elected, at the age of 42, WHO's second Director-General.
Božović was born in a village on the banks of Piva River.
Sheng Xuanhuai was the Minister of Transportation of the Qing Empire.
Keith Wayne Milligan was the 29th Premier of Prince Edward Island, serving for two months in the autumn of 1996.
In 1985 he was ousted in a corruption scandal.
Louis-Alexandre Taschereau was the 14th Premier of the Canadian province of Quebec from 1920 to 1936.
He founded Dabiri Tabriz FSC in 1998.
Ambassador, he named Anastasio Somoza García, who was married to one of his nieces, as director of the Guardia Nacional.
His political coalition was based on the white South, labor unions, farmers, ethnic groups, and traditional Democrats across the North.
Still, Bakarić was usually extremely careful in his public pronouncements on policy and wary of radical statements.
Has the diplomatic rank of Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary.
He served in King's cabinet until 1930, when the King government was defeated, but remained a member of Parliament until he lost his seat in 1935.
Gardiner himself was re-elected to two further two-year terms.
Paul Borg Olivier decided not to contest again the post of Secretary General after the Nationalist Party lost the General Elections on 9 March 2013.
Being a close associate of Slobodan Milošević, he held several important state functions of Serbia and FR Yugoslavia during the 1990-s.
Al Ameer Mohamed Ameen Dhoshimeynaa Kilegefaanu, popularly known as Mohamed Ameen Didi was a Maldivian political figure.
General Barrientos came to power after the 1964 Bolivian coup d'état which overthrew of the government of Paz Estenssoro.
Lizardo García Sorroza was President of Ecuador from 1 September 1905 to 15 January 1906.
He was supported by the common Central American people, but his liberal beliefs were not accepted by the conservatives, then holding power.
He was a simple man really who loved his fried chicken and Chinese checkers.
In his victory, he was aided by the United States with arms and 17 U.S. planes that bombed de la Huerta's supporters.
He was succeeded by Democrat Barack Obama, who won the 2008 presidential election.
The young man had the ambition of helping Chiang Kai-shek to restore order to China during the period of chaos with warlords throughout the country.
Born in Winchester, Hampshire, in England, he immigrated to Canada in his late twenties, settling first in Ontario and then in Alberta, where he farmed.
He received the Medal of Honor Belisario Domínguez from the Senate in 1971.
He lacked both charisma and an overriding sense of purpose, and his government gradually lost popularity.
The strike also contested the 1986 elections in Chihuahua in which opposition parties claimed an electoral fraud had taken place once again.
When Yrigoyen was elected president he served as Minister of War between 1916 and 1918 and as Buenos Aires Chief of Police between 1918 and 1921.
Born to Count Agenor Gołuchowski, Agenor Maria inherited much of his father's wealth.
Stepan Vytvytskyi or Dr. Stepan Wytwycky was a Ukrainian politician, diplomat, and journalist.
He was appointed to the position in October 2007 by president Ernest Bai Koroma.
Ms. Hughes received a PhD in Counseling and Administration from Florida State University.
Upon the arrival of the Indonesian military Lobato, along with other key Fretilin leaders, fled into the Timorese hinterland to fight against the occupying forces.
Roosevelt also mediated the Russo-Japanese War, for which he won the Nobel Prize.
However, opposition from the nation's military and bourgeoisie, coupled with her declining health, ultimately forced her to withdraw her candidacy.
He was also chairperson of the National Commission for Democracy and Human Rights from 1999 to March 2003.
On January 18, 1998, elected president of North Ossetia with 76% of the vote and was re-elected on January 27, 2002, with 56,02% of the vote.
He came to power in a military coup, was overthrown in another military coup and executed three weeks later.
Danzan orchestrated the purge and execution of Mongolia's first prime minister, Dogsomyn Bodoo in 1922, but then was himself purged and executed in 1924.
won two league titles, two national cups, and two national super cups, while Alp Yalman was the president.
Shahram Dabiri Oskuei is an Iranian politician, physician, sporting director, professor and former board of directors Iran Football Federation.
During the incapacitation of President J. J. Roberts from 1875 until early 1876, Gardiner was also acting president.
The economic policies enacted in 1981, known as "Reaganomics", were inspired by supply-side economics.
He is best known as County Governor of Finnmark and County Governor of Oppland, as well as Consultative Councillor of State for Finnmark Affairs in 1945.
Ferrera joined the guerrerista campaigns of General Francisco Morazán and participated brilliantly in the battles of The Trinidad and Gualcho.
After Boisrond-Canal's return from exile and Salomon's resignation on 10 August 1888, Boisrond-Canal was again named Acting President of Haiti.
José Trinidad Cabañas served as President of Honduras for two separate terms: From 1 March to 6 July 1852.
In 1872 he was elected again to serve as Liberia's seventh president.
He was elected the tenth President of Austria in 1992 and was re-elected to the position in 1998.
Hincks was elected to the 1st Parliament of United Canada in 1841, representing Oxford County.
He made a wide range of international contacts in the world of banking and within the framework of the League of Nations.
Grant appointed several leading reformers including Hamilton Fish, Benjamin Bristow, and Edwards Pierrepont.
In 1938, after the dismissal of Manuel María Borrero, he was named President of Ecuador.
He became the Iroijlaplap of Kwajalein after the death of his cousin Amata Kabua.
Paul Kamara is a Sierra Leonean journalist, football manager, and cabinet minister.
He was a wealthy landowner of Spanish and Irish ancestry.
Emiliano González Navero was Paraguayan politician of the Liberal Party, he served as President and Vice President on four occasions.
His term would have ended in June 2002.
Division General Pedro Pablo Dartnell Encina was a Chilean military officer and member of the Government Junta of Chile in 1925.
Maurice Patrick Sheehy was an Australian politician, and a member of the Victorian Legislative Council for Melbourne Province.
Mikhail Fedorovich Malakhov is a Kazakhstani jurist, who served as the second Chairman of the Supreme Court of the Republic of Kazakhstan.
Guido de Marco KUOM was a Maltese politician, who served as the sixth President of Malta from 1999 to 2004.
She is a member of the loyalist Future Together party.
In spring 1676 he went to Moldavia to rescue his nephews and other relatives from Turkish captivity.
Jacobus Johannes Venter was a South African politician and statesman.
Guillermo Portela y Möller, faculty member at the University of Havana School of Law
He resigned a few weeks before his death.
and member of the Alafouzos family from Santorini.
General Arturo Puga Osorio, was a Chilean military officer and Chairman of Government Junta in 1932.
Van Rensburg subsequently represented Schoeman in negotiations with Pretorius's faction.
His remains were repatriated to Argentina in 1857, receiving honors as Captain General.
He served several terms in Congress, leaving it in 1982.
In 1949, Perišin graduated from the University of Zagreb Faculty of Economics.
Wong was elected to the Terengganu State Assembly in the 1995 general election but lost his seat in the 1999 election.
He was honored as a National Hero of Indonesia by Indonesia's first president, Sukarno, on 28 November 1959.
Born in Davidson, Saskatchewan, Robertson was educated at University of Saskatchewan, Exeter College, Oxford and University of Toronto.
The first time was as president of Republic of New Granada from 1845 to 1849.
In May, he was replaced as president by Colonel Muhammad Louly.
Jefferson is typically ranked by historians in the top five of all U.S. presidents.
Demetrios Vikelas was a Greek businessman and writer; he was the first president of the International Olympic Committee, from 1894 to 1896.
Roh's election was notable for the arrival in power of a new generation of Korean politicians, the so-called 386 Generation.
Despite all this, the Siles government soon ran into economic and political difficulties associated with the far-reaching effects of the "crash" of 1929.
Cleto González Víquez was given the title of Benemérito de la Patria on October 5, 1944.
The Presidency of Néstor Kirchner began on May 25, 2003, when he became President of Argentina.
In March 1832, Ferrera faced Vicente Domínguez in Yoro and later in Sonaguera and Trujillo, defeating him in both opportunities.
He earned an M.B.A. and a Ph.D. in health policy and economics at The Wharton School at the University of Pennsylvania.
As Prime Minister, he advocated pro-democratic reforms and the integration of Serbia in to European structures.
Born into the aristocratic Weizsäcker family, he took his first public offices in the Evangelical Church in Germany.
He was the Speaker of the People's Representative Council from 1999 to 2004.
He switched to the Liberal Party in 1943.
He was killed in Tolstoy-Yurt, a village in northern Chechnya, in March 2005.
He did blame Banzer, however, and stated non-commitally that he would call new elections within a reasonable span of time.
She succeeded him on 10 July 2008.
Haruo Ignacio Remeliik was a politician from Palau.
During Mario Echandi's administration he was part of Costa Rica's delegation in the United Nations.
Chuan Leekpai has nine siblings and is the third child in the family.
He published several reports and educational textbooks in the 1880s, and in 1889 President Juan Pablo Rojas Paul named him Minister of Public Instruction.
In 1992 Espada was honored with an honorary doctorate degree in science by Universidad Francisco Marroquín.
He was inducted into the Hockey Hall of Fame in 1998 and ranks 34th all time in NHL points.
Relations with the Tutsi group were strained, reflected in their boycotting of the legislative session due to consider the proposal.
Throughout his term, Karmal worked to establish a support base for the PDPA by introducing several reforms.
Boisrond-Canal was one of the most influential politicians of his time in Haiti and significantly influenced Haitian politics even when not serving as president.
Venne was sworn into office on November 12, 2002.
He was opposed to Hitler and was a major player in the increasing political instability in the Weimar Republic that ended with Hitler's rise to power.
He continued the process of redemocratization that Geisel had started and sanctioned a law decreeing amnesty for all political crimes committed during the regime.
Zoran Đinđić was a Serbian politician who was the Prime Minister of Serbia from 2001 until his assassination in 2003.
In 2006, he became the president of Aden University in Yemen until June 15, 2008, when he was elected in the Shoora Council of Yemen.
Sukarno and his fellow nationalists collaborated to garner support for the Japanese war effort from the population, in exchange for Japanese aid in spreading nationalist ideas.
Laagan was one of the earliest government officials arrested during Khorloogiin Choibalsan's Great Terror.
His assassination led to the overthrow of Mohammed Daoud Khan's republic, and to the advent of a socialist regime in Afghanistan, the Democratic Republic of Afghanistan.
During the Japanese occupation of Indonesia, Suharto served in Japanese-organised Indonesian security forces.
The situation reached a crisis stage when Fonseca dissolved the National Congress and declared a "state of emergency" on 3 November 1891.
He is single and speaks English fluently.
A member of the Labor Party, he was first elected to the Legislative Assembly at the 1996 state election, representing the seat of Willagee.
Rosina McManus from Antrim was the 14th president of the Camogie Association.
He served as Vice-Chancellor from 1945 to 1957 and as President of Austria from 1957 until his death.
It also controversially granted aid to paramilitary forces seeking to overthrow leftist governments, particularly in war-torn Central America and Afghanistan.
His son Þórarinn Eldjárn is one of Iceland's most popular authors, specializing in short stories, but also writing poetry and an occasional novel.
He has been the Sierra Leonean Ambassador to the United Nations since March 2003.
She was born in Carrigtwohill in Cork.
He was the father of the Philippine Army's Special Forces and the Philippine National Police Special Action Force.
He was a proponent of workers' rights as well as a staunch anti-communist.
The end of his presidency was marked by controversy, stemming from allegations of rape of one female subordinate and sexual harassment of others.
In the meantime, Sacasa fled to Mexico.
He ran again in 1962, against the defeated 1948 leader Dr Rafael Ángel Calderón Guardia, and won the presidency.
He served as President of Venezuela between 1993 and 1994.
The attempt failed and the president and the first lady survived.
Santander came to be known as "The Man of the Laws".
He attended officers' school, and in 1969 was put in command of a unit at N'Guigmi.
Abu Zahar served in the State Assembly of Negeri Sembilan from 1986 to 1995, before being a member of federal Parliament from 1995 to 1999.
Marco Fidel Suárez was a Colombian political figure.
He was President between 27 January 2002, and 27 January 2006, representing the National Party of Honduras.
Starting in 1767 at age 21, Jefferson inherited 5,000 acres of land and 52 slaves by his father's will.
He was Governor-General of Nigeria from 15 June 1955 to 16 November 1960.
In 1989 Alik became first Micronesian ambassador to Fiji and served until 1998.
He was president of the independent Carpatho-Ukraine, which existed for one day on March 15, 1939.
He proposed the theory of conformational selection in 1964; the same year the MWC model was proposed.
Later he became the Chairman of the Federation Council at the Federal Assembly of the Russian Federation.
He died in Paris, France on August 28, 1928.
She was Captain Regent of San Marino for the term from 1 October 2008 to April 2009 together with Ernesto Benedettini.
Juan Somavía Altamirano is the former Director-General of the International Labour Organization.
He was Vice President from 1922 to 1928 in the Marcelo T. de Alvear administration.
The state of Falcón is named after him.
Roberts was the last non-Chinese person to hold the post of Chief Justice of Hong Kong.
He is survived by four sons and one daughter.
In March 1937, the Toro government nationalized all Standard Oil holdings in Bolivia to the rejoicing of much of the population.
Juan José Esteban Paso, was an Argentine politician who participated in the events that started the Argentine War of Independence known as May Revolution of 1810.
Trường Chinh was a Vietnamese communist political leader and theoretician.
He was first elected to the House of Representatives in 1968.
Shortly before his death he became a member of the Ecuadoran Academy of Literature.
Olsen is the longest-serving Liberal Party of Australia Premier of South Australia and the fourth-longest-serving Leader of the Opposition.
On January 3, 2007 President Hugo Chávez announced that Rodríguez would be the next Vice President, replacing José Vicente Rangel.
He initiated the Austral plan to improve the national economy, but that plan, as well as the Spring plan, failed.
In Subotica he entered politics by becoming the Secretary of the Municipal Committee of the Communist League of Subotica.
Reitz was a popular personality, both for his politics and his openness.
When Davis resigned in 1984 he vied for the leadership of the party and won over a slate of three other candidates.
By this time Laos had been dragged into the Vietnam War between the United States and North Vietnam.
Soon he found himself in Panathinaikos, that was still then called Panellinios Podosfairikos Omilos.
She served as the country's Vice-President from 19 January 2001 to 1 January 2005.
A former Whig, Lincoln ran on a political platform opposed to the expansion of slavery in the territories.
He led the revolution that overthrew Juan José Flores, along with José Joaquín de Olmedo and Diego Noboa.
Having served as Speaker of Parliament since 1988, he was elected President in 2000, and was the first commoner to be elected to the Presidency.
He later worked at a French company in Western Africa as an expert accountant.
Bougainville is an autonomous region within Papua New Guinea.
Azem Vllasi is a senior Kosovo Albanian politician and lawyer.
José Tomás Ovalle y Bezanilla was a Chilean political figure.
He assumed office upon the death of the previous President, Amata Kabua, having previously served as the country's Minister of Transportation and Communications.
He might have been Prime minister of Iran for a few days in April–May 1909, but this is not clearly referenced.
In 2012, a 2007 investigation on accusations from Ricardo Monreal of Fox's possible illegal enrichment was reopened by the Procuraduría General de la República.
He served one term, until early 2010.
He suffered from health problems for a few months before his death.
He ran for president 8 times, winning in 1951, 1960, 1964, and 1985.
Sam Franklyn Gibson commonly known as Bode Gibson is a Sierra Leonean politician who has been Mayor of Freetown since 2012.
As a prosecutor, del Granado was demonstrably fearless in the pursuit of justice, and shrugged off continual death threats.
He participated in two successful military coups, in January 1963 and January 1967, and became President on April 14, 1967.
In 1896, he also founded the forerunner of Jiaotong University, which was later divided into Shanghai Jiaotong University and Xi'an Jiaotong University.
Diosdado Macapagal was also a reputed poet in the Chinese and Spanish language, though his poetic oeuvre was eclipsed by his political biography.
He succeeded Hastings Kamuzu Banda as Malawi's president.
It constituted a brief, but terrible episode in the Guatemalan Civil War, which lasted until 1996.
He was born in La Democracia, Escuintla in 1924.
2003, tribal election, with Ned Norris, Jr. as her running mate.
In the 1940s he became involved in the nascent labor movement and joined the Revolutionary Workers' Party, a Trotskyist political party.
He was Second Vice-President of Sierra Leone, Attorney-General and Minister of Justice from November 1991 to April 1992.
Because of the respect he was held in by his many supporters, Rocafuerte negotiated a settlement with Flores, and was released from prison.
Cyprien Ntaryamira was President of Burundi from 5 February 1994 until his death while he was on Juvénal Habyarimana's plane that was shot down.
Conteh was appointed ambassador of the Armed Forces Revolutionary Council junta in 1997.
Taking the second half of the six-year term, he entered office on September 1, 2002.
Alfonso López Michelsen was the 24th President of Colombia from 1974 to 1978.
Taymuraz Dzambekovich Mamsurov is the Head of the Republic of North Ossetia–Alania, Russia.
His son Martín Torrijos was elected president and served from 2004 to 2009.
In 1927 he won the presidential election with several times more votes than there were electors.
Count Agenor Maria Adam Gołuchowski - Trzaska coat of arms -, Austria-Hungary – March 28, 1921 in Lwów, Poland) was a Polish statesman.
He was president and director of the Flemming and Gibson lumber business in Juniper, New Brunswick.
He was also introduced to the Tamil cinema industry as a music director.
Arthur Bruce Pie was an Australian politician who served in the Legislative Assembly of Queensland.
Nol subsequently used a political crisis to remove Heng and take over the role himself early in 1972.
He was nominally re-elected to numerous seven year terms in the absence of any legal opposition.
He was the first Social Democrat to be elected President of Finland.
However, in August 1974, Van Rensburg and his wife were disinterred and reburied at the Heroes' Acre cemetery in Pretoria, Gauteng, South Africa.
Zápotocký stayed in office till his death in Prague in 1957.
On August 21, an agreement between all factions, those of the CDR included, was signed; it became known as the Lagos Accord.
Born in an educated family of Shikarpur, his early schooling was done in Shikarpur and Hyderabad.
Elections were allowed to take place in 1963 which brought Arturo Umberto Illia to power.
He was the first President of Finland and a liberal nationalist.
He was the leader of the Justice Party from 1964 to 1980 and the leader of the True Path Party from 1987 to 1993.
He was born in 1946 in Soibada, Portuguese Timor.
Joseph Bandabla Dauda widely known as J.
The law was changed to allow him to assume the presidency.
He remained as Prime Minister as it became a Commonwealth realm, with Queen Elizabeth II remaining as head of state.
His daughter, Isabel, Princess Imperial of Brazil, abolished slavery entirely in 1888, during her third regency.
After 1948, he became a Communist politician, as well as a historian and professor at Warsaw University.
López, was the head of Carabobo state after an electoral fight against General Gregorio Cedeño.
He was the brother of Alexander Edmund Batson Davie, who served as premier of British Columbia from 1887 to 1889.
During 1960–1964 Juršėnas was an employee of a newspaper Tiesa.
As head of the National Guard, he was de facto ruler of the country from 1967 to 1979.
As president, he pursued "national policies of unity, adjustment, and moderation."
He served as the acting President of Venezuela from 1958 to 1959.
He also served as Vice-Chairman in 1983 under the Chairmanship of then Chairm Peterson Zah.
He was the older brother of Ahmad Qavam.
He was assassinated by 26-year-old Khalil Tahmassebi of the Fadayan-e Islam organization outside the Shah Mosque in Tehran at the age of 49.
Ömer Çelik is a Turkish journalist and politician.
He took office on January 27, 2002 after being elected in an election which took two rounds.
Born in Sydney, Latham attended Hurlstone Agricultural High School before going on to study economics at the University of Sydney.
In 1813 Mendoza fled a royalist invasion and moved to Grenada, and soon after he joined Simon Bolivar's effort to liberate South America from Spanish rule.
He currently is a deputy from the first electoral region representing the state of Chihuahua.
He worked both sides of politics in partnership with disgraced former ministerial colleague Julian Grill and assisted by former senator Noel Crichton-Browne.
He also promulgated the first constitution of the country, on 11 December 1825.
Dr. Negasso Gidada Solon was the 6th President of Ethiopia from 1995 until 2001.
She is the only female news publisher in Sierra Leone, and "one of the most recognisable names in the country."
On 14 January 2008, he took office alongside the President, Álvaro Colom.
Government of Mohammad-Ali Rajai was the first government of Iran after the Iranian Revolution.
He returned to Panama on December 11, 2011.
Gayibov's official burial was done at the Avenue of the Honored Ones Cemetery in Baku.
In 1870, Li appreciated Sheng's talent, employed him as his aide and soon became his chief economic deputy.
She was an ethnic Sherbro from Bonthe District, in the Southern Province of Sierra Leone.
ANAP won a parliamentary majority in the 1983 general election and Özal subsequently became the Prime Minister of Turkey.
Dubbed "The Master of Fear" by the West German press, Mielke was one of the most powerful and most hated men in East Germany.
Luis Adolfo Siles Salinas was the Constitutional President of Bolivia for a period of five months between April and September 1969.
John Frederick Hamm, OC is a Canadian physician and politician and was the 25th Premier of Nova Scotia from 1999 to 2006.
Born a peasant in 1916, Maga served as a schoolmaster from 1936 to 1945, during which time he gradually gained considerable influence among the uneducated.
She is currently serving as president of the University of West Florida in Pensacola, Florida.
Torrijos took power in a coup d'état and instituted a number of social reforms and his regime was considered progressive.
Barros Luco was born in 1835 in Santiago, Barros Luco was son of Ramón Luis Barros Fernández and Dolores Luco Fernández de Leiva.
The Decembrist poet Kondraty Ryleyev wrote a poem about him.
Officially, he died of a heart attack, but in other versions of the story, he shot himself, or was killed.
Gérard Philippe René André Larcher is a French politician who has been President of the Senate of France since 2014.
He is a notable creationist and has stated that he opposes the theory of evolution as a scientist, a geneticist, and not on religious grounds.
In 1918 during a Red Army attack his wife and daughter were killed.
Captain Rashid Sazmand has also been a member of board of directors of Malavan Bandar Anzali Football Club.
Ortiz Mayagoitia, a native of Misantla, Veracruz, earned his law degree at the Universidad Veracruzana in Xalapa.
Ugo Mifsud Bonnici, KUOM is a Maltese politician and was the fifth President of Malta from 4 April 1994 until the same day in 1999.
In 1934 he was elected Mayor of Athens.
However, the State Security Council of Turkmenistan reported that Ataýew was not appointed acting president due to a criminal case started against him.
He holds a BA in Economics from the University of Karachi in Pakistan and is the first Maldivian to hold a graduate degree in Economics.
Mohammad-Ali Abtahi is an Iranian theologian, scholar, pro-democracy activist and chairman of the Institute for Interreligious Dialogue.
Mehmet Cansun is a Turkish businessman and former chairman of the Turkish sports club Galatasaray.
He was elected to one five-year term in 1978.
Bowser served as Attorney-General in the cabinet of Sir Richard McBride from 1907 until 1915, when he succeeded McBride as Premier.
He is also admired by a lot of citizens in Maldives along with his large family.
He finished his B.Arch at Measi Academy of Architecture, Chennai, while his schooling was at Madurai, Mahatma Montessori Matriculation Higher Secondary School.
Maga peacefully handed power to Ahomadégbé on May 7, 1972.
He was elected senator for La Rioja in 2005.
In the late 1970s he moved towards Islamism, and in 1983 he imposed Sharia law throughout the country, precipitating the Second Sudanese Civil War.
He later served in the Meiji government as one of the founders of the Imperial Japanese Navy.
For some time they lived in Virbalis.
Stanisław Kania is a former Polish communist politician.
In his writings and preachings he expanded the theory of velayat-e faqih, the "Guardianship of the Islamic Jurist", to include theocratic political rule by Islamic jurists.
He became the member for Montenegro of the collective presidency of Yugoslavia, and served as chairman of the Presidency of Yugoslavia from 1984-85.
Chávez said that Rodríguez would concentrate on developing the new United Socialist Party of Venezuela.
Kotzia Square in Athens is named after him.
Dmytro Doroshenko was a prominent Ukrainian political figure during the revolution of 1917–1918 and a leading Ukrainian emigre historian during the inter-war period.
She was an Argentine Senator for the Buenos Aires Province at the time of her victory in the 2007 Presidential election.
In 2012, Umarov ordered his followers to halt attacks on the civilian population of Russia, while leaving military and security personnel as legitimate targets.
He was succeeded by his nephew, Diego Ronquillo.
Sefati was raised in a religious family.
Raymond Steele Hall was the 36th Premier of South Australia 1968-70, a senator for South Australia 1974-77, and federal member for the Division of Boothby 1981-96.
His death in a plane crash has given rise to accusations he was surreptitiously assassinated by the United States government.
Robert Sedraki Kocharyan is an Armenian politician who served as the second President of Armenia between 1998 and 2008.
As of 2011, Tomčić is the CEO of a successful small architecture firm.
The MIC was modelled after the Indian National Congress.
He served as Paramount Chief of Mambolo Chiefdom in Kambia District from 1989 to 2007.
Known for his torrid, fearless, and reckless temperament, he seemed to dominate the Bolivian army by force of his personality alone, despite his relatively lower rank.
The military junta was replaced by another three-person junta consisting of Árbenz, Arana, and an upper-class youth named Jorge Toriello.
From 1860 he took part in revolutionary movements against the Conservative Government of Mariano Ospina Rodriguez.
Yitzhak Rachamim Navon was an Israeli politician, diplomat, and author.
The economy recovered through the revision of the Basque "Concierto Económico" and the Basque language was established throughout the Basque education system.
Ivan Briukhovetsky was a hetman of Left-bank Ukraine from 1663 to 1668.
He was captured in 1915, then deported to a lager in Tomsk, Siberia.
He married Gloria Figueroa and they had five children: Gloria Carolina, Oswaldo, Enrique, Leonel, and José Luis.
He became also president of Panathinaikos A.C. from 1962 to 1966, and of the Hellenic Football Federation.
His son Hassan-Ali Mansur served briefly as Prime Minister in the 1960s.
Demetrio Basilio Lakas Bahas is 27th President of Panama from December 19, 1969 to October 11, 1978.
was a lawyer, politician and judge in Ontario, Canada, in the early twentieth century.
He was a member of the Assembly of Kosovo from 2001.
During his term he introduced new bank reforms, supported banana plantations in the South Pacific region, and established ports at Quepos and Golfito.
He studied law at Córdoba University and obtained his doctorate at the Real Universidad de San Felipe in Santiago de Chile.
He also participated in the 1973 Coup that created the Daoud Republic of Afghanistan under the Presidency of Mohammad Daoud Khan.
Juan Javier Espinosa was President of Ecuador, from 20 January 1868 to 19 January 1869.
He was a founding member of the Party for Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Then the leading candidates, such as General Leonard Wood, could not gain the needed majority, and the convention deadlocked.
The Ecuadorian Roldosist Party is named after him.
He was survived by three sons: Hu Shaoning, Hu Shaorong, and Hu Shaoyu.
King was a member of Dave Barrett's 1972 BC NDP provincial government, serving in the post of Minister of Labour.
This affected his ability to speak, which was marked by blowing and whistling sounds.
He criticized what he called 'illness of partyization', meaning that the Party controls everything.
Tweedie became Premier of the province in 1900 and led the party to a large majority government in the 1903 election.
However, his powers were restored by Bainimarama on 4 January 2007.
He is generally referred to as Ayatollah Khomeini by others.
He achieved a large following among younger internet users, particularly at the website OhMyNews, which aided his success in the presidential election.
He was the father of president Roque Sáenz Peña 
He was a typesetter by profession and a member of the Social Democratic Party of Austria.
Ali Rabei is an Iranian politician and sociologist and the country's Minister of Labour.
Gheorghe Apostol was a Romanian politician, deputy Prime Minister of Romania and a former leader of the Communist Party, noted for his rivalry with Nicolae Ceaușescu.
Borko Temelkovski was a Macedonian politician and communist leader born in Prilep, Yugoslavia.
In 1821, he joined the Plan of Iguala.
According to Kommersant, Ataýew was put under arrest on 21 December 2006.
Pedernera then acted as President until the political situation forced the dissolution of the office.
He is the former Minister of Defense of Somalia, and the former President of Azania.
After his term ended, he served as ambassador to US from 1889 to 1890.
Ion Costaş is a Moldovan soldier and a former Minister of Interior and Defence.
Delfim Moreira da Costa Ribeiro was a Brazilian politician who served as 10th President of Brazil.
He is also the parliamentary chairman of the privileges and ethics committee.
He also served as Chairperson of the Organisation of African Unity in 1967–1968.
He is considered one of the fathers of Chilean journalism together with Fr.
He was previously President of Nagorno-Karabakh from 1994 to 1997 and Prime Minister of Armenia from 1997 to 1998.
Amina Begum Bint al-Majlisi was a female Safavid mujtahideh.
There he became active in politics and was elected to the Legislative Assembly of Alberta in the 1909 election.
The Constitution established three separate branches of government, not for efficiency but to avoid the arbitrary exercise of power.
This amendment allowed Menem to run for re-election in 1995, which he won.
He was born in Asunción on December 31, 1833.
In 1794 and 1796, Jefferson manumitted by deed two of his male slaves; they had been trained and were qualified to hold employment.
Guillermo Mercado Romero is a Mexican politician who served as the Governor of Baja California Sur from 1993 to 1999.
He is the leader of Caledonia Together, a party that opposes independence from France.
In that same year, he married Emily Myers Wetmore.
He was the most senior military officer after the death of Ironsi, and the thinking was that he ought to have taken power himself.
He then remained as the nominal head of state of the Lithuanian SSR until 1967.
In 1909 he graduated from the university and became a lawyer.
The political mantle of Chechen nationalist separatism was formally taken over by the self-exiled Akhmed Zakayev, Umarov's former wartime comrade and friend turned political rival.
Bourghani died in a Tehran hospital of a heart attack at the age of 48.
Francis Daniel Johnson Sr., PC, was a Quebec politician and the 20th Premier of Quebec from 1966 until his death in 1968.
The men have been held and allegedly tortured in what human rights groups and eyewitnesses have called concentration camps.
Andrew Charles Elliott is interred in the Ross Bay Cemetery in Victoria, British Columbia.
Van Rensburg was elected as a member of the South African Republic's Volksraad in 1850, a post which he held until June 1855.
Kyösti Kallio was the fourth President of Finland.
José de la Riva-Agüero y Osma, 6th Marquess of Montealegre de Aulestia was a Peruvian historian, writer and politician who served as Prime Minister of Peru.
In 2002, he was appointed as Senior Counsel in Western Australia.
He became president on 7 March 1890.
Julian V. Montellano Carrasco served as Vice President of Bolivia from 1945 to 1946, during the presidency of Gualberto Villarroel.
He also fought in the Mexican-American war and he was captured at the Battle of Resaca de la Palma on May 9, 1846.
In 1884 he was promoted to the rank of field-marshal, and he later achieved the rank of full marshal.
Escobar took office only to meet instant opposition from both the Moderate party and the aristocrats and clergy.
NaCSA’s role was to take the work of NCRRR in relief and reconstruction through to development and effective and sustainable reintegration.
He founded the Akhmat Fight Club and established an international annual freestyle wrestling tournament called the Ramzan Kadyrov & Adlan Varayev Cup.
Zah also works as a consultant to companies attempting to do business on the Navajo Nation.
He succeeded Sani Abacha upon Abacha's death.
Xiao Yang was the former President of the Supreme People's Court of China.
Huang Fu was a general and politician in early republican China.
Lilić reportedly falsely posed as an envoy or messenger of the Bulgarian president, Georgi Parvanov.
His uncle was Congressman Richard Coke, Jr..
Carleton A. Naiche-Palmer was elected president of the Mescalero Apache Tribe in 2008.
Sir Douglas Hazen Park in Oromocto, New Brunswick and Sir Douglas Hazen Hall at the University of New Brunswick, Saint John are named in his honour.
In the latter part of the 1950s he co-founded Fatah, a paramilitary organisation seeking the disestablishment of Israel and its replacement with a Palestinian state.
He tried to isolate those in the party opposed to the war, but could not prevent a split.
He remained a Senator until 1953, when he retired permanently from politics.
Joe Robert Pemagbi is a Sierra Leonean diplomat.
Robert Townsend was a member of the Culper Ring during the American Revolution.
He served as the second President of the Third Hellenic Republic from 1975 to 1980.
Historians and political scientists generally rank Reagan as an above-average president.
Several years later he returned to South Africa and set up a law practice again, in Pretoria.
In 1977 he moved into Yugoslav national politics, serving as chairman of the executive council of Yugoslavia from 1977-82.
With his first wife Anna Margaret McClaws, whom he married in 1811, Reid had five children: Janet, James, Florida, Rosalie, and Robert Raymond III.
He is a member of the Temne ethnic group and a longtime member of the APC party.
He was set to become the Deputy Minister of Agriculture of Zimbabwe until Robert Mugabe refused to swear him in.
He founded the Taman Siswa school, an institution that provides educations for indigenous commoners, which otherwise was limited to the Javanese aristocracy and the Dutch colonials.
Hussein Mohamed Farrah Aidid, is the son of General Mohamed Farrah Aidid.
That election saw the SA Liberals win a second term for the first time ever, albeit while being reduced to minority government.
Brunó Ferenc Straub – 15 February 1996) was a biochemist.
He later served as Ambassador to Spain and Italy.
Dénes Berinkey was a Hungarian jurist and politician who served as prime minister in the regime of Mihály Károlyi for two months in 1919.
He is considered the founder of the Zhili Clique of Warlords that vied for control of northern China during the chaotic Warlord era.
He then pursued FRCS at the Royal College of Surgeons UK.
He became influential in 1960-1970s, the Sadat period in which Islamic revivalism began its rise to prominence in Egypt."
On his return he was appointed commander of the army in the Ouest department by President Michel Domingue.
In 1986, he moved to the Perlis State Assembly and became the State's Menteri Besar.
Yiorgos Vardinogiannis is a Greek businessman and a shipping magnate, former owner and president of the Panathinaikos football club.He was born in Episkopi, Rethymno in 1936.
He was called to the Bar of England and Wales in 1992.
His party was crucial to the formation of a center-right government after parliamentary elections in 2007.
Guido was elected to the Argentine Senate for Río Negro Province in 1958, representing the Intransigent Radical Civic Union.
At the end of his presidential term, Falcón emigrated to Europe.
He is an active player in Gold Mercury's Brand EU initiative to improve the management and promotion of the European Union brand and monitor its progress.
While serving as President of Niger, he was also Chairman of the Economic Community of West African States from 2005 to 2007.
He relied extensively on his Attorney General, John E. Brownlee, for counsel on policy and strategy.
Roosevelt had been Vice President of the United States for only 194 days when he succeeded to the presidency.
His hospitality was exemplary in and around the region.
The bank was headquartered in Shanghai and had the authority to issue notes from the Qing government.
Wang was a close associate of Sun Yat-sen for the last twenty years of Sun's life.
In 1844, he became editor of a new newspaper in Montreal, the Pilot, which supported Reformers in both Canada East and Canada West.
Ratemo Michieka is a former director-general of the National Environmental Management Authority in Kenya, and founding Vice-Chancellor of Jomo Kenyatta University of Agriculture and Technology.
He was elected president of local union 862 in 1984.
Eulalio Gutiérrez Ortiz was a general in the Mexican Revolution from state of Coahuila.
He also served as a military Governor of Puerto Rico and as the first military Governor of the Panama Canal Zone.
In 1964, he furthered his studies at the University of Melbourne, Australia in Bachelor of Commerce.
Akbar Tandjung has remained an influential figure within Golkar.
Mr Ogi is today an Ambassador for Peace and Sport, a Monaco-based international organization, committed to serving peace in the world through sport.
Alfonso Rebochong Oiterong was a politician from Palau who served as the country's Vice President from 1981 to 1985.
He is mostly remembered for his role in Żeligowski's Mutiny and as head of a short-lived Republic of Central Lithuania.
He served as the President of Colombia from 1994 to 1998, representing the Liberal Party.
Sir James Wilson Robertson KT GCMG GCVO KBE KStJ was the last British Governor-General of Nigeria.
Manuel Deodoro da Fonseca was a Brazilian politician and military officer who served as the first President of Brazil.
He served as President of Ecuador for little over a year before being overthrown in the Revolution of Veintemilla.
Roy Archibald Young was an American banker.
In addition he held other high positions in both government and private industries.
He emphasizes the significance of living according to shari`a, and stipulates that Islamic Law is to be understood and practiced accordingly.
He was the president of FC Barcelona from 2010 to 2014.
In 1894 he was elected for the Talca, Curepto and Lontué district.
In 1919 was promoted to division general, and named commander of the II Division.
He was married to his cousin, Mercedes Márquez Sterling y Ziburo.
Born in the town of León, Sacasa studied in the United States from 1889 to 1901, earning an M.D.
Tun Datu Haji Mustapha bin Datu Harun, or Tun Mustapha for short, was the first governor of the Malaysian state of Sabah.
Elizabeth ‘Lily’ Spence from Antrim was the 10th president of the Camogie Association.
The activism of his supporters to try and increase media coverage of Asselineau and the UPR has been noted by some observers.
Manuel Pedro Quintana y Sáenz de Gaona was the President of Argentina from 12 October 1904 to 12 March 1906.
He graduated from King Edward VII College of Medicine in 1929 with a medical degree and began his career at the General Hospital.
He studied Law at the National University of Córdoba but he did not finish.
Franco abandoned the country aboard the Ecuadorian schooner Cuatro de Julio, and sought refuge in Peru.
Hossein Rezazadeh is an Iranian politician and retired Olympic weightlifter.
José Victoriano Huerta Márquez was a Mexican military officer and 35th President of Mexico.
He was Sierra Leone Minister of Labour and Industrial Relations from 2001-2002 under president Ahmad Tejan Kabbah [3][4].
Gaston Monnerville was a French politician and lawyer.
He was assassinated outside his home on 17 April 1978.
As he had been an appointed vice-president, the law stated that he was not eligible to become president.
This victory upended the New Deal Coalition that had kept the presidency in the hands of the Democratic Party for 20 years.
Nikola Šainović is a Serbian politician of Montenegrin descent.
He served from 1974 to 1980, when a military coup d'état led by João Bernardo Vieira deposed him.
However, he was in no position to reject it either.
Mosquera was known as an honorable and noble person.
In November 1951 poor health led him to cede presidential power to Roberto Urdaneta Arbelaez.
His younger son Luis Adolfo Siles Salinas was acting President of Bolivia for a few months in 1969.
In a Finnish survey 53 years after his death, Mannerheim was voted the greatest Finn of all time.
In March 1955, Phoumi was one of the founding members of the Lao People's Party and was elected to its Political Bureau.
In 2002, he was elected the President of the Turkish Ceramic Federation.
He is the father of Ameer Bux Bhutto and Ali Bhutto.
