It has about 1,280 feet of saltwater shoreline and is part of the Cascadia Marine Trail, with all campsites restricted to visitors arriving in non-motorized watercraft.
Part of the national park is set aside as a 100 km² game park, which has been stocked with game including the white rhinoceros.
It is part of a system of protected areas known as the southern forest complex, continued to the northwest by the Khlong Phanom National Park.
Catoctin Mountain Park, located in north-central Maryland, is part of the forested Catoctin Mountain ridge that forms the eastern rampart of the Appalachian Mountains.
The area was also once home to dugongs but the last confirmed sighting was in 1992, although there have been unconfirmed sightings since.
The park is a Class A, category 6 Provincial Park.
Gold Head is one of the earliest state parks in Florida.
Ornithofauna consist of 241 bird species, among them 145 breeding species.
Soils of the bluffs were found to be atypical for South Carolina.
It is located in the Pugu Hills area, near Dar es Salaam, adjacent to the Kazimzumbwi Forest Reserve.
The park also has overnight boat slip rentals, playground equipment, picnic tables, and a 3.4-mile nature trail.
It occupies an area of 3,810 square kilometres and was established in 1996.
The El Paso Mountains Wilderness was created in 1994 and now has a total of 23,780 acres.
In some places, the reed beds are harvested for traditional roof thatching.
This park is easily accessible by road from Rapid City.
Assateague Island National Seashore is a unit of the National Park System.
The area has a long farming and grazing history, but the wetlands have survived, dominated by sedges and grasses with few trees and shrubs.
It is located high in the Cardamom Hills and Pandalam Hills of the south Western Ghats along the border with Tamil Nadu.
The White Lake Wilderness Area is a wilderness area located in Nova Scotia, Canada, in Halifax Regional Municipality.
The trail is fairly steep and rocky, but is only about one mile round trip.
The following year, almost half the forested sections of the wilderness were greatly impacted by the Yellowstone fires of 1988.
The Vietnam Women's Memorial is a memorial dedicated to the women of the United States who served in the Vietnam War, most of whom were nurses.
Kourtiagou Reserve is a partial reserve in Burkina Faso.
At least 57 species of mammal recorded in the reserve and include tapir, ocelots, sloths, howler monkeys, deer and at least 22 species of bats.
Both waterways, the waterfall, and the lake are all part of the Lake Superior drainage basin.
Chūbu-Sangaku National Park is a national park in the Chūbu region of Japan.
Bass Lake #1, a 6-acre soft-water seepage lake, with at least one rare plant species present.
Transitional tree species include the Mexican palmetto and the guiana chestnut.
Hidaka-sanmyaku Erimo Quasi-National Park is the largest quasi-national park in Japan.
Osceola National Forest was created by President Herbert Hoover's proclamation, on July 10, 1931.
The WMA and the Beach Preserve are in the Town of Ellisburg in Jefferson County.
Davy Crockett National Forest, which is bordered on the northeast by the Neches River, includes the 45-acre Ratcliff Lake.
Rocky Glen State Park is a Connecticut state park located along the Pootatuck River in the town of Newtown.
The national park encompasses parts of the Saltfjellet mountain range.
The nature reserve contains a varied landscape with mountain tops, forests and wetlands.
Busse Forest Preserve was named for Cook County Commissioner William Busse in 1949.
Chattahoochee River National Recreation Area preserves a series of sites between Atlanta and Lake Sidney Lanier along the Chattahoochee River, Georgia, U.S.
At 47,527 acres, Harriman State Park is the second largest state park in New York.
The bog is also adjacent to the Oyster River Forest, a permanently conserved 172± acre parcel owned by the Town of Durham.
(1)The oldest and largest lava flow known on Earth is located on the Keweenaw Peninsula of Michigan.
The United States Congress designated the Bell Mountain Wilderness in 1980.
The growing period predominates between March and April, owing to stationary micro-climate, with harvests occurring between August and September.
Bayou Bartholomew contains over 115 fish species, one of the highest counts of any stream in North America.
Crystal River, world renowned for providing refuge to wintering manatees is located 3 miles southeast of the main park entrance.
Nearby attractions include the Great Lakes Shipwreck Museum at Whitefish Point, and the Point Iroquois Light and Museum at Bay Mills on Whitefish Bay.
Ormtjernkampen is a former national park located in Gausdal municipality in the county of Oppland in Norway.
Magdalena Island and the Marta Island, situated in the middle of the Strait of Magellan, is the main part of this natural monument.
It is along US 20, between the small towns of Arco and Carey, at an average elevation of 5,900 feet above sea level.
It is managed by the City of Cape Town's Environmental Resource Management Department.
Mutton Hunk Fen Natural Area Preserve is owned and maintained by the Virginia Department of Conservation and Recreation, and is open to the public.
It is part of the national forest which manages a protection for its flora and fauna.
It is served by Niokolo-Koba Airport, an unpaved airstrip.
The operation of the hydraulic mine greatly damaged the Huaca del Sol.
They are highly valuable and closely guarded with firearms.
The park is 19 miles northwest of Fort Wayne.
Terrain is rugged with ledges interspersed between wetlands.
The park has 345 plant species, including 152 different tree species, 53 shrubs, 106 herbs and 34 climber species.
The land was officially designated a regional natural park in 1974.
Fishing is entirely prohibited within the 50 km buffer zone surrounding the preserve.
It is also one of the most important estuaries for recruitment of fish such as garrick, steenbras and two species of stumpnose.
The Memory Walk, a brick trail, links the house to the museum.
The government of Belize considers Shipstern Conservation & Management Area to be one of the ten most important nature reserves in Belize.
Anchorage Provincial Park is a public park located on the south-east coast of Grand Manan Island, New Brunswick, Canada.
The park was established to preserve the site from encroaching industrial development.
Given its size it is the largest park in Estonia and one of Europe's biggest national parks.
There is a trail in the park, but using it requires a permit.
Kozubów Landscape Park is a protected area in south-central Poland, covering an area of 66.13 square kilometres.
The islands formed as the continent slowly rose after the last glaciation.
Arrangements have also been made that allow visitors to explore the area by boat.
Great Fish River Nature Reserve is a nature reserve in Eastern Cape Province, South Africa that is managed by Eastern Cape Parks.
Rema-Kalenga Wildlife Sanctuary is a protected forest and wildlife sanctuary in Bangladesh.
Robert T. Brown Nature Sanctuary is a 19-acre sanctuary located in Houghton County, Michigan.
It covers an area of approximately 2,850 square kilometers The landscape is composed of granitic ridges, river valley, and swamps.
As the name suggests, it is a park for boaters, with eight connecting lakes, and eleven lakes total.
As a historic area under the National Park Service, the park was administratively listed on the National Register of Historic Places on October 15, 1966.
The natural area has an area of 59 acres.
Rearguard Falls Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia, Canada, protecting Rearguard Falls on the Fraser River.
U.S. Wilderness Areas do not allow motorized or mechanized vehicles, including bicycles.
Causes of inscription include diversity of species present in the park, the presence of five threatened species of mammal, and lack of disturbance within the park.
Elk Knob State Park is on Meat Camp Road, 5.5 miles from North Carolina Highway 194, 9.5 miles north of Boone, in the Blue Ridge Mountains.
Five access routes are described for the wilderness.
The endangered tiger salamander, along with other amphibians, lays eggs and rear tadpoles.
The Columbia Wetlands is a 15,070 hectare wetland in the Columbia Valley region of southeastern British Columbia, Canada.
The tower provides a view over the town of Norfolk and the neighboring town of Canaan.
The 601-acre refuge was established on September 15, 1908.
The bottom of the spring bowl is littered with bones of mastodons, giant sloths, giant armadillos, and camels.
Mwabvi is located in Nsanje District, at the very southernmost point of Malawi, right against the border with Mozambique.
The Bui National Park is found in Ghana.
All together, the park manages 22,430 acres.
The 8,735-acre Edmunds Division is between Dennysville and Whiting on U.S. Route 1 and borders the tidal waters of Cobscook Bay.
The park features resort facilities and is managed by the Alabama Department of Conservation and Natural Resources.
Visitors to Polar Bear should be prepared for any eventuality.
The Orman House is a Florida State Park and historic site located in Apalachicola, in northwestern Florida.
329 acres of the state park is an old-growth forest designated as a Natural Area by the state of Illinois.
Kampinos National Park is a National Park in east-central Poland, in Masovian Voivodeship, on the north-west outskirts of Warsaw.
In addition, the reserve has an important cultural history.
Janów Forests Landscape Park,, is a Polish Landscape Park designated protected area in southeastern Poland.
The Bozeman Trail was an overland route connecting the gold rush territory of Montana to the Oregon Trail.
Established in 1902, Crater Lake National Park is the fifth-oldest national park in the U.S. and the only national park in Oregon.
The park's base is formed by Finland's southernmost, 12-peak tunturi line.
US-31/M-72 runs between the park proper and a beach area; there is an overpass by way of which campers can get to the beach.
The ordnance still presents a danger to refuge staff and interns.
The wilderness contains extensive areas of unlogged, old-growth forest.
One third of the protected lands are wetlands with the balance consisting of prairie.
It is one of the first beaches to utilize managed retreat as a method of shoreline protection.
The park features three waterfalls, old-growth coniferous forests, fast-moving rivers and streams, and three backcountry lakes: Wallace, Jay, and Shaw.
There are 3 campgrounds providing over 200 campsites.
The northern shore of the Settlers Dam forms the southern boundary of the reserve.
Most of the forest is a part of the 20-million-acre Greater Yellowstone Ecosystem.
Foss State Park is a 1,749-acre Oklahoma state park located on Foss Lake, in southwestern Custer County, Oklahoma, near the city of Foss.
The nearest towns to the park are Librazhd and Prrenjas.
Pointe-Platon Ecological Reserve is an ecological reserve in Quebec, Canada.
Local habitat types include uplands vegetated with grasses and shrubs such as sagebrush, and wetlands such as marshes.
It is open every day except Christmas.
Pleshcheyovo Ozero National Park), covers Lake Pleshcheyevo and surrounding areas.
The refuge also includes about 19,000 acres of cropland leased to growers.
The Refuge stretches southwest through Minneapolis’ outer-ring suburbs to Henderson, Minnesota.
Wintering waterfowl numbers fluctuate greatly, but can exceed 10,000 birds yearly.
Franz and Arthur lakes contain healthy stands of wapato, which provide an important wintering habitat for tundra swans and other waterfowl.
The lake extends 71 miles through Wyoming and Montana, 55 miles of which lie within the national recreation area.
All three islands are noted for their infrequent human visitation and their roles as breeding grounds for freshwater wading birds, such as the great blue heron.
The Tama Forest Reserve is found in Sierra Leone.
As she returned to heaven, she said good bye to her offspring at the Bái Tử Long Bay.
Lake Chelan National Recreation Area is a U.S. National Recreation Area located about 35 miles south of the Canada–US border in Chelan County, Washington.
Plans for a park date back to 1985, and in a public survey in 2004, the communes of Réunion approved the creation of a national park.
On July 1, 1921, the entire forest was transferred back to the Chelan National Forest, but on March 23, 1955, the transfer was reverted.
The park is managed by the Massachusetts Department of Conservation and Recreation.
Tsurugisan Quasi-National Park is a Quasi-National Park that spans the borders of Tokushima and Kōchi Prefectures, Japan.
The park encompasses 1,293 acres adjacent to Garrison Dam.
It is a prominent example of karst topography, which is geological formation shaped by the dissolution of a layer or layers of soluble bedrock.
Kitsap Memorial State Park is a 58-acre Washington state park on Hood Canal in Kitsap County.
Lake Eucha Park is a 31-acre day-use picnic area with a swimming pool.
The 1988 founded park has a size of 1,175 km2.
Fernow Experimental Forest is a research forest in Tucker County, West Virginia.
Artists like Bertín Osborne or Nando Agüeros have played inside the cave for hundreds of people in 2016.
Cueva Ventana is a large cave situated a top a limestone cliff in Arecibo, Puerto Rico, overlooking the Río Grande de Arecibo valley.
The park sits on 683 feet of shoreline at the south end of Marrowstone Island.
Plants such as mountain laurel are common as is an abundance of wildlife.
Some of these rock formations can be seen on entry to the Teluk Assam Beach, which fronts the park.
The park's Horsehead Cliffs provide visitors with a panoramic view of the Potomac River.
The chief feature of the reserve is the Kettle Moraine, a highly glaciated area.
The Kasakela chimpanzee community, featured in several books and documentaries, lives in Gombe Stream National Park.
The vegetation is called woodland savanna, with a mixture of jungle and savanna.
Stelvio National Park is a national park in the north-east of Italy, founded in 1935.
The memorial honors the 36th President of the United States, Lyndon B. Johnson.
A 2008 report noted that increasing levels of logging, farming and hunting were placing the gorillas under threat.
It protects a large area of the Black Mountains, a sub−range of the Himalayan Range System.
State Forest State Park is a Colorado State Park located in Jackson and Larimer counties east of Walden, Colorado.
The focus of much of the efforts involves the suppression of invasive exotics to protect endemic species.
Wiang Ko Sai National Park is a national park in Northern Thailand.
The Sand Ridge State Forest contains the Clear Lake Site, an archeological site listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Cavalier Wildlife Management Area is owned and maintained by the Virginia Department of Game and Inland Fisheries.
It started functioning as an independent wildlife division since 1.7.98 as per GO 36/98 dated 27.5.98.
The provincial park was established in 1986.
Isle Royale National Park was established on April 3, 1940; designated as a National Wilderness Area in 1976; and made an International Biosphere Reserve in 1980.
The MLC has also worked alongside schools from the UK including Southbank International School and Tonbridge School.
It is also inhabited by the Etruscan pygmy shrew, the smallest mammal by mass.
Echigo Sanzan-Tadami Quasi-National Park is a Quasi-National Park in Fukushima Prefecture and Niigata Prefecture, Japan.
The Holly Springs Ranger District controls 155,661 acres of Forest Service land, interspersed with 530,000 acres of privately owned properties, within the national forest's proclamation zone.
Two weeks later, legislation was signed to acquire the land for the park, long promoted by the then State Representative J.C.
Within the Landscape Park are three nature reserves.
In recent years, about 1% of the monument's 400,000 annual visitors climbed Devils Tower, mostly using traditional climbing techniques.
These two are the first Catalina-born desert bighorn sheep in nearly 25 years.
The wilderness is located in northwest Arizona in the southwest of Mohave County, a region of the southeastern Mojave Desert's extension into northwest Arizona.
Notsuke-Fūren Prefectural Natural Park is a Prefectural Natural Park in eastern Hokkaidō, Japan.
Big Bend National Park is a U.S. national park located in Western Texas, bordering Mexico.
The park is named after the Myakka River.
Here is a complete list, many with photos, all species found in the Fernkloof Reserve.
An observation platform with a nearby picnic pavilion overlooks the falls and a deck with seating is available at the base of the falls.
Among the endangered species in the sanctuary is the Mauritius kestrel, once the rarest bird in the world with only 4 members left.
Elevation ranges from 5,000 ft to 11,301 ft.
The refuge encompasses both the historic Colorado River channel as well as a channelized portion constructed in the late 1960s.
One of which passes examples of mangrove swamps in South Africa, where several species of mangrove can be found.
It is located near the city of Mountain Park, Oklahoma.
Rivers in the park include the Chéticamp River and the North Aspy River.
Burr Oak State Park is a state park in the U.S. state of Ohio, located mostly in Morgan County, with part extending into Athens County.
Most of the landscapes of the Swedish mountains are represented.
The southernmost national park in Argentina, it is listed as an IUCN category II park.
It contains Pine Mountain State Resort Park.
The Ishi Wilderness is located approximately twenty miles east of Red Bluff, California.
Tombstone, was first climbed by Martyn Williams, Jurg Hofer and Liz Hofer on June 21', 1973.
Over 300 lakes and several tributaries of the Wind River are located in the wilderness.
The park is in Cummings Township on Pennsylvania Route 44 and is surrounded by the Tiadaghton State Forest.
The islands are currently uninhabited by humans, but are a popular tourist destination.
Little Tom Mountain is a 73-acre nature preserve in Holyoke, Massachusetts and is managed by the Trustees of Reservations.
It is part of 1891 square miles wide Inle World Network of Biosphere Reserves site.
Since 1976 it has been listed by UNESCO as a biosphere reserve under the Man and the Biosphere programme.
It lies just under 2 km east of the village of Coxhoe.
The highest point of the park is Mentolat Volcano at 1,660 m.
About 1.6 million people visit the area each year.
Trailheads are located off Massachusetts Route 32, East Street, Oliver Street and Quaker Drive in Petersham.
The park's territory, crossed by several watercourses, is populated by important animal species like the wolf, the peregrine falcon, the eagle owl, and the goshawk.
The tavern is part of the Michigan Historical Museum System, and is open May through October.
The park offers 260 camping spaces, fishing, boating, and various other activities such as bird watching, hunting, and an OHV track.
Kisite park covers 11 square kilometres while Mpunguti reserve covers 28 square kilometres.
Flathead fishing is good in a variety of areas, especially Old Bluestem Lake.
The park is located on the Mitchell Karst Plain, which allowed the park's caves and sinkholes to form in the limestone.
Nine lakes, Gun Lake being the largest, provide fishing, boating and swimming.
The park has a rich flora and fauna, including great Indian one-horned rhinoceros, pigmy hog, elephants, wild buffalo and tigers.
The forest is managed by the Department of Conservation and Recreation.
The reserve is open to day visitors from 5:30 to 19:00 in summer, and 7:00 to 18:00 in winter.
There are facilities for hiking, canoeing, picnicking, sightseeing, and scuba diving.
While "Zec de l'Anse-Saint-Jean" administers public lands, mainly forested land surrounding the river.
The exposed fossil beds of the Jeffersonville Limestone dated from the Devonian period are the main feature of the park.
Only 3,000 acres are currently owned by the U.S.
Extensive forests, formed mainly by Araucarias and Nothofagus species, and small lakes increase the scenic beauty of the park.
More than 620,000 pairs of these birds come here to nest every year.
The name is a corruption of the Chengurinji, a tree endemic to the region.
The beaches, which can be challenging to access, are tied together by the California Coastal Trail, which runs along the top of the bluff.
Birdlife includes the turkey vulture, barred owl, rufous-sided towhee, and the ovenbird.
It is characterized by rugged coasts and lush temperate rainforests.
Brown County and its park are known for their scenic views of the hills of southern Indiana.
He and a party of 30 to 40 soldiers were charged with "preventing the murder by Indians of any more citizens in that vicinity."
Dam construction on the lake's feeder rivers has produced major changes to the ecological balance of the lake and wetlands.
Buffalo Lake National Wildlife Refuge is a protected area in Randall County in the Texas Panhandle.
Visitors can fish for crappie, wipers, white bass, channel catfish, black bass, and walleye.
At the Palmiry cemetery lay many inhabitants of Warsaw, secretly killed here by the Germans in the years 1939-1945.
used to study effects of tourism in the adjoining Urho Kekkonen National Park.
The most famous is Fisher Cave, located near the campgrounds.
Alamo Lake State Park is a state park of Arizona, USA, centered on Alamo Lake, a flood control and recreational reservoir.
Titankayuq is one of the most important habitats in Peru for the Puya raimondii.
Conover Cove, on the western side, and Princess Cove, slightly north of Conover on the western side, are the two anchorages used by pleasure boaters.
The hatch house is now operated as a fish hatchery museum.
The turf layer is one of the thickest measured among Finnish bogs, locally extending to 12 metres.
It comprises three historical nature reserves that have been combined into a single reserve:
Garampani Wildlife Sanctuary is a 6.05-square-kilometre wildlife sanctuary located in Karbi Anglong district, Assam, India.
The main purposes of the park are habitat conservation.
But by 2011 the river was clogged with the garbage again.
Located approximately ten miles south of downtown Boston, the reservation is one of the largest parcels of undeveloped conservation land within the metropolitan area.
It is located in northwestern Chippewa County.
The seat of the park is in Rocca di Mezzo.
The preserve includes 40 acres of public access areas including camp sites.
The place is also valued for one of the richest populations of Greater Anemone in Central Moravia; in the 2004 census 19,699 blooms were counted here.
Approximately 25 miles of the Pacific Crest Trail travel along the Cascade Range crest within its boundaries.
Mount Sage National Park is a protected area of the British Virgin Islands.
The wilderness is forested, flat, and rolling, often characterized as a swamp, with elevations ranging from 590 to 890 feet.
In 2013 the state took over control of Silver Springs, merging it with the adjacent parkland to create Silver Springs State Park.
It covers an area of 95,000 ha north of Man, between Biankouma and Touba.
Situated in a wooded area near the White Nile River, it is over 10,000 square kilometres in size.
It is part of the Columbus & Franklin County Metro Parks System.
Steamboat Rock is a rock formation in the Garden of the Gods in Colorado Springs, Colorado.
No public use is allowed on the island because of safety considerations associated with unexploded ordnance that remain on the refuge.
In the early 20th century the land was then strip-mined for coal.
Its wild reindeer herds are among the largest in the world.
The area is old lake bottom and has extremely flat topography and a high density of temporary wetlands.
Willapa National Wildlife Refuge is a National Wildlife Refuge located on the shores of Willapa Bay in Washington, United States.
The cave is the longest known stream passage in the Yoredale Limestone of the North Pennines and the best developed example of its type.
First Nations in the Biosphere Reserve include Rolling River First Nation, Keeseekoowenin First Nation, Waywayseecappo First Nation, and Tootinaowaziibeeng First Nation.
Other activities include hiking, bicycling, fishing, boating, canoeing, kayaking, and picnicking.
Petersburg National Battlefield is a National Park Service unit preserving sites related to the American Civil War Siege of Petersburg.
It has a total area of 346,555 acres.
There are some limited opportunities for wildlife observation and photography from public roads around the refuge.
However, as is true for most Angolan national parks, the Angolan Civil War greatly disrupted the area.
In 1838, he acquired Rancho Los Meganos in northern California.
A boat tour of Twin Caves is run by the Indiana Department of Natural Resources, which travels about 500 feet into the cave.
The prairie ecosystem includes plant life such as wildflowers, grasses, yucca, cacti, and mesquite.
The Fish Springs Range runs north to south and is immediately west of the Wildlife Refuge.
These are among the most interesting marine environments in Madagascar and are superb destinations for kayaking and snorkeling.
Betung Kerihun National Park is a national park in the province of West Kalimantan on the island of Borneo, Indonesia.
Its name comes from the nearby Union Church.
The area has a rich human history as well, as gold was discovered in Welcome Creek in 1888.
Frederick Law Olmsted is recognized as the founder of American landscape architecture and the nation's foremost parkmaker of the 19th century.
Lying mostly within neighboring forests but extending into Routt are the Flat Tops, Neota, Never Summer, Platte River, and Rawah Wildernesses.
The hills that circle the refuge lowlands are capped by alpine tundra.
Short Mountain WMA is also popular with bird watchers for its wetland species and late spring breeders.
The Reserve is located at altitudes from 1,200–4,250 metres above sea level.
Omo National Park is one of the national parks of Ethiopia.
It centers around the 6-mile-long Ichetucknee River, which flows through shaded hammocks and wetlands into the Santa Fe River.
Bandipur National Park established in 1974 as a tiger reserve under Project Tiger, is a national park located in the south Indian state of Karnataka.
It opened in 1995 and is located on the shores of the O.C.
It was named after Madho Rao Scindia, the Maharaja of Gwalior belonging to the Scindia dynasty of the Marathas.
Due to its purported universal cultural and natural significance, it was added onto the UNESCO World Heritage Tentative List on October 20, 2005.
Breton National Wildlife Refuge is located in southeastern Louisiana in the offshore Breton Islands and Chandeleur Islands.
It was designated by the U.S. Congress in 2000 and is administered by the Bureau of Land Management.
Southern James Bay is a Canadian coastal wetland complex in northeastern Ontario bordering James Bay and Quebec.
The Amy B. H. Greenwell Ethnobotanical Garden is a botanical garden near Captain Cook, Hawaii in the Kona District on the Big Island of Hawaii.
Hopeville Pond State Park is a public recreation area located on Hopeville Pond, an impoundment of the Pachaug River, in the town of Griswold, Connecticut.
It was declared a National Natural Landmark in June 1971.
Elevations range from 100 feet to over 2,000 feet.
The park is part of Minnesota's Pine Moraines and Outwash Plains Ecological Subsection and is contained within Clearwater, Hubbard, and Becker counties.
The Sarek mountain district includes a total of eight peaks over 2,000 m. Due to the long trek, the mountains in the district are seldom climbed.
Mont Mégantic is the approximate geographic centre of the park.
It also includes a portion of the Tōkai Nature Trail.
Once privately owned and operated as a tourist attraction, this park was used in the production of the 1974 film Where the Red Fern Grows.
Salinas was finally declared a natural monument in 2000 under the National Integrated Protected Areas System through Proclamation No.
Black Creek Nature Sanctuary, commonly referred to as Black Creek, is a 242-acre nature sanctuary located in Keweenaw County, Michigan.
It is critical habitat for the greater snow goose during migration.
Antelope, wild boar, panther, mongoose and migratory birds inhabit the sanctuary.
This cave was explored by soldiers posted at the fort as evidenced by their inscriptions within the cave.
The southern rim of the Great Basin, near the Colorado River, provides spectacular scenery.
The wetland district is a substation of the Arrowwood National Wildlife Refuge Complex, overseen by the U.S.
It is one of the 78 reserves that are under official protection in the country.
The forest park together with the historical park have been on the tentative list of future world heritage sites since 2004.
Muotkatunturi is a reindeer management area, and forestry is also practiced there.
The reserve's scientific advisory board is coordinated by the Omora Ethnobotanical Park - University of Magallanes.
A few springs, seeps, and seasonal streams provide water for wildlife and riparian habitats in the refuge.
Although it is protected by a levee, the refuge provides flood storage in periods of high water.
There are local ranger district offices located in Pisgah Forest, Mars Hill, and Nebo.
There are two separate sections, Okwangwo and Oban.
The reserve encompasses 2,353 acres of land as well as 1,591 acres of water adjoining the islands out to a depth of 18 feet.
The park is public land managed by the Arizona State Parks, and available to the public for recreational purposes.
300,000 dollars has been requested to remove six flood damaged structures in an effort to get the refuge reopened.
[federally assisted secondary road] 21-B(1) is a 6-mile length of road built in 1939.
Mosquito Lagoon borders the other side of the cape from the seashore.
The Steamboat Ski Resort is located in the forest, on Mount Werner.
A controversial paved road project had been proposed by the local government but was finally rejected by the national government following protests from environmental activists.
The Park has its headquarters in Bodzentyn.
The Gesäuse National Park is a national park in the Austrian state of Styria.
It is also a Ramsar wetland of international importance.
It located 70 km from Vadodara and 20 km from prominent tourist places such as Pawagadh and Champaner.
Orchard Beach State Park is a 201-acre state park in Manistee Township, just north of Manistee, Michigan.
The site of Band-e Amir has been described as Afghanistan's Grand Canyon, and draws thousands of tourists a year.
The growth of Calgary has left the park bordered on all sides by the city.
It is situated in the center of a triangle formed by Plasencia, Trujillo and the city of Cáceres within the province of Cáceres.
In 2013 the park was extended to 10,000 ha, adding the area north of highway A12 when the ecoduct Mollebos was realized.
Land for the Noxubee NWR was obtained in the 1930s through the Resettlement Administration.
Parts of the wilderness are open for dispersed camping; many trails are open for horseback riding as well as hiking.
The estuarine system of the North Carolina National Estuarine Research Reserve is the third largest in the country, encompassing more the 10,000 acres.
It is located in Baffin Bay's Lady Ann Strait between Ellesmere Island, to the north, and Devon Island to the south.
Raudna Nature Reserve is a nature reserve situated in southern Estonia, in Viljandi County.
Skäckerfjällen Nature Reserve is a nature reserve in Jämtland County in Sweden.
The 3,143-acre park was established in 1965.
On most days the Wisconsin State Capitol building can be seen in nearby Madison.
Its location in the heartland of the West African savanna makes it a unique way for tourists and holidaymakers to watch wildlife in its natural habitat.
A large part of the park is protected in the Gates of the Arctic Wilderness which covers 7,167,192 acres.
It includes land in the communities of Watertown, Waltham, Newton, Weston, Wellesley, Needham, and Boston.
Opened in 2003, it is one of North Carolina's newest state parks.
To the south, Chapo Lake and its shoreline is an intermediate area between the reserve and Alerce Andino National Park.
The Eagles Nest Wilderness lies in the southern area of the Gore Range of mountains.
The Gila Box Riparian National Conservation Area is located 20 miles northeast of Safford, Arizona in Graham and Greenlee Counties.
The National Park is adjacent to the Saxon Switzerland National Park in Germany.
Among the birds found at the refuge are great blue herons and the three endangered species: California clapper rail, California least tern, and Belding’s Savannah sparrow.
Boca Chica State Park is a Texas state park located in the Boca Chica Subdelta of the Rio Grande near Brownsville in southeastern Cameron County, Texas.
Angle Fly Preserve is a 654-acre land trust in Somers, New York, USA, administered by the Somers Land Trust.
Spring Mountain Ranch State Park is a public recreation area preserving the historic Sandstone Ranch 5 miles northwest of Blue Diamond, Nevada.
The park is home to the black vulture and the Spanish imperial eagle, and also many small mammals and amphibians.
There is a great diversity of flora and fauna.
The national forest includes two ranger districts.
Bitterroot National Forest comprises 1.587 million acres in west-central Montana and eastern Idaho, of the United States.
Park activities include picnicking, fishing, boating, hiking, and biking.
Some areas within the wilderness display bedrock composed of metamorphic schists with large garnet crystals.
Declared a national park in 1983, it covers an area of about 4.45 km2.
Although designated as a national park, Yesanpo is not listed as an IUCN Level II "protected area" in the World Database of Protected Areas.
Topsail Hill preserve is home to a variety of animal life, including the endangered Choctawhatchee Beach Mouse.
Established in 1956, the park spans 10.76 square kilometres on the borders of the municipalities of Sannohe and Nanbu, and encompasses the 615.4 metres Mount Nakuidake.
Pond herons and night herons can be seen along the shores with kingfishers and rollers.
Glacier National Park is one of seven national parks in British Columbia, and is part of a system of 43 parks and park reserves across Canada.
Weather can be a factor in the wilderness with infrequent but severe thunderstorms in the spring and early summer.
Founded in 1899, Gallatin National Forest is located in south central Montana, United States.
As with all parts of Maputaland, malaria is endemic and visitors are advised to take the proper precautions.
In 2015, the Belarusian Biosphere Reserve occupied the area of 216,200 ha, subdivided into transition, buffer and core zones.
There are 121 miles of hiking trails inside the wilderness.
There are no populated places within its territory.
The Government of Ontario is committed to increasing its size in future.
The river is part of the system of the Balkh River.
Driftless Area National Wildlife Refuge is a United States National Wildlife Refuge in northeastern Iowa, southwestern Wisconsin and northwestern Illinois.
There is also a c. 1790 Acadian cabin, which reveals the contrast between Acadian and Creole architecture.
The Beaver Dam Wash National Conservation Area is drained by Beaver Dam Wash in the watershed of the Virgin River, a tributary of the Colorado River.
The combined forest headquarters are located in Salmon, Idaho.
Most of it is located within the Borough of Woodland Park, although it also extends into the cities of Paterson and Clifton.
The national seashore is 70 miles long with 65.5 miles of Gulf beach.
Most of its terrain consists of rolling downland, sometimes lightly wooded, lying at altitudes between 1,800–2,593 metres.
It lies southwest of Fort De Soto Park and can only be reached by boat or ferry.
It is also possible to fly into the nearby village of Port Heiden and proceed overland to the Aniakchak Crater.
They also valued the privacy provided by this location, which in the early twentieth century was remote from major population centers.
The Seney National Wildlife Refuge is a managed wetland in Schoolcraft County in the U.S. state of Michigan.
The site is popular among hikers for its easy accessibility and beginner-level hiking environment.
It is one of the largest and most populated French regional parks.
The Bradwell Bay Wilderness is part of the United States National Wilderness Preservation System, located in the Florida panhandle adjacent to the Apalachicola National Forest.
The park is managed by the Washington State Parks and Recreation Commission.
The highest mountain in the park is Pinecone Peak  2027 m.
Waubay National Wildlife Refuge is a National Wildlife Refuge in South Dakota.
This is one of the many protected areas in Ecuador
During the fall and spring migrations, many waterfowl species stop to rest and feed.
Hiking, backcountry camping, and fishing are common park actitivies.
It was opened to the public in 1863 and was privately run as a tourist resort until 1906, when it was purchased by New York State.
At one time the centerpiece of a 586-acre dairy farm, the house and grounds are now entirely surrounded by the Enterprise Golf Course.
Established in 1987 it covers an area of 1,325 km2 in the Dhaulagiri Himal of western Nepal in the Rukum, Myagdi and Baglung Districts.
The interior of the park is accessible on the B 2 federal highway.
It is a Site of Special Scientific Interest, a Special Protection Area, and an Important Bird Area.
The park includes a coastal portion, the Khenfiss lagoon, the biggest lagoon at the Moroccan coast, and the inland portion, located on desert plateaus.
The U.S. Congress passed the California Wilderness Act of 1984, which created this wilderness area and added it to the National Wilderness Preservation System.
Wind Cave is also known for its frostwork.
It is located near the town of Valley Park, Missouri and is bordered to the north by Interstate 44.
The most visited park was the Rosario and San Bernardo Corals National Natural Park.
In addition to, cactus are abundant in the park.
Chatthin Wildlife Sanctuary is a wildlife reserve of Burma.
The refuge was established in 1975 and provides important stop-over and nesting habitat for over 200 species of neotropical migratory birds.
Of the property's 806 acres, 778 acres are designated as a coastal reserve.
Tsugaru Quasi-National Park is a quasi-national park in Aomori Prefecture in the far northern Tohoku region of Honshū in Japan.
Its headquarters is in Nevada City, California.
Hakgala Strict Nature Reserve is one of the three strict nature reserves in Sri Lanka, the only one in the wet zone.
The core area of the Biosphere Reserve consists of Tuchola Forest National Park and the nature reserves lying within the Landscape Parks of the buffer zone.
Lake Kegonsa itself covers 3,209 acres and is more than 30 feet deep.
The main entrance is via Turkey Run Road off West Virginia Route 20 near Stonewood.
The wilderness covers the Uinta Mountains, encompassing parts of Duchesne and Summit counties.
The main trail crosses the river and climbs the opposite hill.
Owing to its vast size, rugged terrain and its location away from main tourist routes, large tracts of Gonarezhou remain as pristine wilderness.
The river itself is 177 kilometres long and continues until it empties at the north shore of and into Lake Nipissing.
The Fort Parker Nature Center is open every weekend and is a great place for kids to learn about wildlife in the park.
The preserve is divided in two by the Mackinac Bridge.
Park’s landscape is a mix of sand dunes and swamp lands with pine trees growing on sand and meadows on swamps.
Pacific Palisades Conservation Area is a 695 acres tract between St. Louis and Jefferson counties.
Visitor facilities include Ankeny Hill Overlook on Ankeny Hill Road and Eagle Marsh Kiosk on Buena Vista Road.
The Big River Unit was added in 2002.
Horse packing and riding, hiking and backpacking are popular activities.
The Point Washington State Forest is in the U.S. state of Florida.
The wildlife in the park includes elephants, bears, gaurs, tapirs, tigers, several monkey species, as well as many bird species.
Visitors may rent boats, including canoes, by the day or hour.
Covering 4.5 ha and situated close to the Lee Valley, Woodberry Wetlands was acquired as a nature reserve in 2014.
It is 15 km north of the city of Bujumbura and home to hippopotamuses and sitatungas.
The sanctuary was home to the 20.24 feet saltwater crocodile Lolong, the world's largest captive crocodile.
It was established on May 8, 1991.
It is located in Humboldt County 2 miles south of Garberville on U.S. Route 101.
About 15,000-20,000 sea turtles nests are laid annually, mostly loggerheads, green sea turtles, and some leatherbacks.
Mormon Station was originally settled by Mormon pioneers and served as a respite for travelers on the California Trail.
The Palisades Sill forms spectacular cliffs above the Cimarron River here.
The park is open for year-round recreation including boating, hiking, camping, fishing and golf.
The Park’s area is 23.46 square kilometres, of which 13.11 km² is forested.
Rock Cut State Park is a state park of the U.S. state of Illinois.
Øvre Dividal National Park lies in Målselv in Troms county, Norway.
It is located in Dane County southeast of Madison, Wisconsin.
Within the Landscape Park are five nature reserves.
Knob Noster State Park is a state-operated, public recreation area covering 3,934 acres in Johnson County, Missouri, in the United States.
The reserve is also home to roan antelope and tsessebe.
Established in 1931 as a reserve, it was gazetted as a national park only in 1992 after an initial survey of avifauna was conducted.
Peregrine falcon, least tern, black tern, bald and golden eagles, and wood stork have been observed.
Located on the bird migration route, the Pacific Flyway, the preserve is designated an Important Bird Area by the American Bird Conservancy and National Audubon Society.
By May 28, more than 580,000 acres had burned in the region, or more than 900 square miles.
More than a dozen species of ducks and wading birds have been documented.
The park was established as Thailand's 109th national park in 2008.
The 783-acre area is owned by the State of Tennessee and managed by the Tennessee Department of Environment and Conservation.
The national park is an important habitat for water birds and elephants.
Most research visitors are associated with universities in Peru or abroad, and many receive funding to visit the station through ACA and ACCA's grant programs.
The height of the main cascade is 24 metres.
Fatjo was the great-great granddaughter of Mexican ranchero Francisco Pacheco, for whom both the park and the nearby Pacheco Pass are named.
In 1834 Charles Darwin climbed this mountain, during the second voyage of HMS Beagle.
Historically, the islands were used for military fortifications; remnants and a museum exhibit this history.
The state park preserves the site of the Rock Point Stamp Mill, which was built in 1861 to process silver ore mined from the Comstock Lode.
The lake was created by a gigantic log jam known as the Great Raft.
It was created by the Omnibus Public Land Management Act of 2009, which was signed into law by President Barack Obama on March 30, 2009.
Home to as many as 30,000 white pelicans, the wilderness preserves habitat for the largest single grouping of pelicans in North America.
Created in 1970, Forillon was the first national park in Quebec.
Sanin Kaigan National Park is a National Park in Tottori, Hyōgo, and Kyōto Prefectures, Japan.
The area became a National Park on June 2, 1981.
It is one of Namibia’s protected areas that benefits local communities surrounding parks.
It is situated on the border with Mozambique where the Pongola River joins the Great Usutu River.
It commemorates the completion of the first Transcontinental Railroad where the Central Pacific Railroad and the Union Pacific Railroad met on May 10, 1869.
Limestone rock outcroppings and sinkholes are common in the area, and it has been designated as an Important Bird Area by the Missouri Audubon Society.
It covers 220 km2 and comprises three zones: a strictly protected core area, an administrative area and a buffer zone.
Bongsanglay Natural Park is a protected area of mangrove forests and swamps on Ticao Island in the Bicol Region of the Philippines.
Because of the dense vegetation, wildlife is not as easily seen as at dry-zone national parks such as Yala.
Owner and chairman of the Artha Graha Group and Network, Winata also founded the nonprofit Artha Graha Peduli Foundation.
This is generally accepted by scholars as being in the vicinity of the original fort, though probably not the exact location.
The Perdue unit is the most developed.
It is flanked by Christina de Wit Avenue and Nelson Mandela Drive, that separate it from the Voortrekker Monument and Klapperkop Nature Reserves.
Hendy Woods State Park is a state park of California, USA, located in the Anderson Valley of Mendocino County.
Sibbald Point Provincial Park has long sand beaches, sunny and shaded campsites, large grassy picnic areas and a forested hiking trail.
The Magdalena Ranger District's officers are stationed in the Village of Magdalena.
The trail passes by some 25 medieval castles called the Eagles' Nests, built on large, tall rocks by the order of King Casimir III the Great.
San Angelo State Park is a Texas state park in San Angelo, Texas in the United States.
The area is shared by moose and caribou and numerous smaller mammals.
They are demarcated to prevent hunting within their boundaries, a policy which is enforced.
After 1764, Fort St. Jean was abandoned, with the transfer of Louisiana to Spain.
The Nature Conservancy also designated it as one of the Last Great Places; it is one of only 77 of these places in the world.
Doi Phu Nang National Park is a national park in Dok Khamtai, Pong and Chiang Muan Districts, Phayao Province, Thailand.
Ptarmigan and ravens are considered the only year-round birds in the park, although 43 different species make seasonal use of the area.
The national park is situated 314 km from Colombo.
Cathedral Cove is named after the arch located there, linking Mare's Leg Cove to Cathedral Cove.
A dam located in the northwest corner of the lake flooded the area which created the relatively shallow body of water.
There are three popular campgrounds at the park containing 407 campsites all together, one of which contains a sledding hill.
Also of interest are the stands of Moriche palm that exist throughout the wetlands.
Council Grounds State Park is a 509-acre Wisconsin state park on the Wisconsin River.
The endangered cave species include the Ozark big-eared bat, gray bat, Indiana bat, and Ozark cavefish
The park offers five miles of hiking trails including the Sauk Mountain Trail and the Evergreen Trail which traverses the old-growth forest.
After decades of neglect, speleology, and in particular the Cantabria University Speleology Club since 1975, have discovered its true geological value.
One third of all protected plant species in Estonia can also be found in the national park.
It is an important transition zone between the forests of western and eastern India.
The vegetation on the outer islands is dominated by birch, while the other islands are dominated by pine.
Ramsey Lake State Recreation Area is a 1,980-acre state park located in Fayette County, Illinois, United States.
Their continuous existence has generated a cultural landscape with high biodiversity.
Pulhatyn Sanctuary is a sanctuary of Turkmenistan.
The Saint-Maurice Wildlife Reserve is a 782-square-kilometre wildlife reserve to the north of Shawinigan.
The state park covers 5,100 acres, which includes 9,500 feet of Columbia River shoreline and 4,482 acres of forested uplands.
It is the second largest provincial park in Quebec after Kuururjuaq National Park and it is the oldest provincial park in Quebec.
The park's interpretive center was once the home of the author Frederick Manfred.
President Jimmy Carter signed legislation establishing New River Gorge National River on November 10, 1978.
As of January 2012, the forest has 240,101 acres in federal ownership within a proclamation boundary of 832,147 acres.
The 90,000-acre Bessey Ranger District is in the Sandhills of central Nebraska.
Northumberland National Park is the northernmost national park in England.
Today, that land is divided into various different parks and reserves.
The Fish and Wildlife Service has announced plans to slowly return these three parcels to the status of semi-natural bottomlands.
The Contrabando is a ghost town within the Big Bend Ranch State Park, 9.5 miles west of Lajitas, Texas on the Texas State Highway 170.
But also Dolphines has been reported in these waters such as the short-beaked common dolphin, common bottlenose dolphin and the sperm whale.
It extends eastward into the Lusatian Mountains and westward into the Ore Mountains.
The WMA is bisected by Maryland Route 90, one of the two principal highway routes into Ocean City.
The park sits on the Satsop River midway between Olympia and Aberdeen.
Pettigrew State Park is named for Confederate General J. Johnston Pettigrew, who lived in a nearby home.
It produced sugar, syrup and molasses, the latter used in making rum.
The preserve includes 2 miles of walking trails, which cross wetlands and a ridge top.
Øvre Anárjohka National Park is a national park that lies in Karasjok and Kautokeino municipalities in Finnmark county, Norway.
Massacoe State Forest is a Connecticut state forest located in the town of Simsbury.
Established in 1994, the park spreads over an area of forests and lakes in Espoo, Kirkkonummi and Vihti.
It was established on April 19, 1981, and was expanded to its current size of 178 hectares on May 12, 1988.
The park offers two regions: the central Rif bordered by the N16 in the south and west, and the coast.
Hunting is offered for deer, ducks, squirrel, rabbit, and raccoon.
Ōnuma and Konuma were created when mudflows due to eruptions of Hokkaidō Koma-ga-take dammed up depressions at the base of the mountain.
It was established in 2004 to preserve the current management practices of the national lakeshore, namely the prohibition of motorized travel on the wilderness islands.
The high-altitude wildlife sanctuary of Gamgul is located in the Bhandal valley in Salooni tehsil of Chamba district, Himachal Pradesh.
The park lies within Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in Wałbrzych County.
The preserve was designated a National Natural Landmark in 1965.
19th-century wagon ruts from the Nebraska City-Fort Kearny Cutoff to the Oregon Trail can be observed.
Lake Chivero Recreational Park is a protected area around Lake Chivero within the Zimbabwe Parks and Wildlife Estate.
The open landscape is maintained by timber harvesting and controlled burns.
The reserve covers an area of 8,700 hectares and includes three mountains: Mount Tangkoko, Mount Dua Saudara and Mount Batuangus.
Located in Erie County, Ohio near Sandusky, the reserve features freshwater marshes, swamp forests, a barrier beach, upland forest, estuarine waters, stream and nearshore Lake Erie.
Today, shell-marl/calcareous ravine forests such as those at Crow's Nest are not common anywhere in the mid-Atlantic region.
Early conservation work to protect the area was performed by the Civilian Conservation Corps during the 1930s.
Rogerley Quarry is a Site of Special Scientific Interest in the Wear Valley district of west County Durham, England.
Clan members periodically return to these ancestral homes for religious ceremonies.
Congress designated the Manzano Wilderness in 1978.
The Straits normally experiences mild summers with average temperatures around 70 °F.
It was authorized by the Consolidated Natural Resources Act of 2008.
Shimokita Hantō Quasi-National Park is a quasi-national park in the Shimokita Peninsula of Aomori Prefecture in the Tohoku region of far northern Honshū in Japan.
The Elgeyo Escarpment rises more than 1,830 metres above the valley in places.
Sometimes referred to as "the central Beacons" they include South Wales' highest mountain, Pen y Fan.
Red Hills State Park is open for year-round recreation including boating, fishing, hunting, hiking and various winter sports.
The park's highest altitude is 200 metres.
It is located around Mulayit Taung mountain in the Dawna Range.
The focus of the field based research is on conservation, tropical ecology and behaviour.
Rosaryville State Park is a Maryland state park in Rosaryville, three miles southeast of the Joint Base Andrews Naval Air Facility in Prince George's County.
It once flourished through California's Central Valley.
The Ajloun Forest Reserve is a nature reserve located in the Ajloun Governorate in north-west Jordan.
Park activities include camping, cross-country skiing, fishing, hiking, and mountain biking.
In 1950, the Izu islands were added to the park, and its name changed to its present designation.
Some of the species include Arabian oryx, Somali ostriches, Persian onagers and gazelles.
Over 200 species of birds and 46 species of mammals are found on the refuge.
Podyjí National Park is a national park in the South Moravian Region of the Czech Republic.
It is located approximately six miles west of Monticello, a half mile south of U.S. 90, in northwestern Florida.
The park is known for its pine-oak forest, rock formations, and scenic views from high cliffs.
The most practical way to visit the park is to charter a plane, and currently the park has four landing sites.
Most trails gain in height, reaching a maximum of 1,000 feet in elevation.
The Green Ash-Overcup Oak-Sweetgum Research Natural Areas within the Delta National Forest are a rare example of pristine bottomland hardwood forests.
The nature reserve also functions as an important habitat for several species of birds, including pygmy owl, grey-headed woodpecker and wood grouse.
The site preserves the second of three forts constructed on the site beginning in 1851, as well as the ruins of the third.
The spit separates the salt-water Baltic Sea from the freshwater Curonian Lagoon to the east.
Gambela National Park is the largest of the national parks in Ethiopia, covering 5,061 square kilometres.
The WMA is located along Lake Pend Oreille, which contains fish such as rainbow trout, lake trout, perch, crappie, bass, and whitefish.
It is notable that by 2009, the entire tiger population had been eliminated by poaching with the collusion of forest department officials.
Assisting villagers in buffer zones to practice sustainable forestry also holds promise.
Much of the park is on a high bluff overlooking winding Bayou Bartholomew.
The Evangeline Parish unit is called Duralde Prairie and is currently being developed.
The preserve includes some of the Washington mima mounds.
The focal point of the park is a 53-acre lake formed by the damming of Herrington Creek.
Hiking - A boardwalk crosses a marsh at the eastern end of Silver Lake.
It is a popular site for rock climbing, though the only type of climbing allowed is top-rope.
The Kommandodrif Dam is included in the reserve.
About 20,000 tourists have visited the area in 1998.
Up to one million shorebirds gather here in spring and fall to feed and rest.
Santa Rosa National Park, in Spanish the Parque Nacional Santa Rosa, is a national park, in Guanacaste Province, northwestern Costa Rica.
This was the third lighthouse built in Maine.
Buffalo River State Park is a state park of Minnesota, United States, conserving a prairie bisected by the wooded banks of the Buffalo River.
When the reserve is completed in 2010, it will contain the Big Five, as well as tiger fish, thus the term 'Big 6'.
The Department of Energy had owned and managed most of the properties located within the three different sites.
It is named for Charles C. Deam, the first state forester of Indiana.
Visitors also occasionally spot moose, which are increasing in the park.
The town is quite dusty, due to deforestation and loose ground cover, compounded by occasional rainfall.
The profile is a cliff which runs along the coast from Kapp Starostin to Festningsodden.
The wilderness area includes the site of the Cañon de Chama land grant.
Mai Po Marshes is a nature reserve located near Yuen Long in Hong Kong.
The nature reserve was founded first and foremost to protect brown bears in the area.
Shortly thereafter the Utah Legislature enabled the establishment of Edge of the Cedars State Park as a museum of Indian history and culture.
The soils in the Biosphere Reserve are rich in organic matter and nitrogen but deficient in phosphate and potash.
The other National Forests in the state are Conecuh, Talladega and William B. Bankhead.
Commonly seen wildlife includes mule deer, elk, black bear, mountain lion, Abert's squirrel and pine squirrel.
Ranomafana National Park is in the southeastern part of Madagascar in Haute Matsiatra and Vatovavy-Fitovinany.
This facility protects the site of one of the earliest encampments by European explorers in the upper Mississippi.
The preserve is classified as an old-growth forest.
Berkeley Springs is the only state-run spa in the United States and is operated by the West Virginia Division of Natural Resources.
The Western Ghats, Anamalai Sub-Cluster, including these parks, is under consideration by the UNESCO World Heritage Committee for selection as a World Heritage Site.
U.S. President Theodore Roosevelt originally created Mount Olympus National Monument on 2 March 1909.
Bururi Nature Reserve is a nature reserve in southwestern Burundi.
The Park has its headquarters in the town of Suwałki.
North Toledo Bend State Park is one of two Louisiana State Parks located on the shores of Toledo Bend Reservoir.
Development above the Conowingo Dam caused more rapid drainage and greater water flow through the dam.
Its holdings are non-contiguous and include the 2,182-acre Indiana Dunes State Park, which is owned and managed by the state of Indiana.
The park preserves over two miles of undeveloped Lake Michigan shoreline south and west of McGulpin Point Light in the Straits of Mackinac.
The refuge is administered from offices in Bethel.
It is one of the largest provincial parks in Alberta, encompassing 304 square kilometres around the Kananaskis Lakes.
The refuge protects 30 river miles - 300 miles of shoreline - from Needles, California, to Lake Havasu City, Arizona.
The park is open for year-round recreation including, boating, fishing, water skiing, swimming and camping.
It lies on the western shore where James Bay joins Hudson Bay.
El Yunque is also renowned for its unique Taíno petroglyphs.
Suigō-Tsukuba Quasi-National Park is a quasi-national park in the Kantō region of Honshū in Japan.
Chęciny-Kielce Landscape Park is a protected area in south-central Poland, established in 1996, covering an area of 205.05 square kilometres.
It had an initial area of 174 hectares proclaimed as the Santa Lucia Watershed Forest Reserve in 1938 through Proclamation No.
There is also a 2,000-acre Waterfowl Refuge where birdwatching is allowed.
The highest point in the area is 700 meters above sea level.
Air access can be arranged in McGrath.
The two areas are 50 kilometres apart, and cover 854 square kilometres.
Other recreational activities include surfing and camping.
Pirin National Park is a national park that encompasses the larger part of the Pirin Mountains in south-west Bulgaria, spanning an area of 403.56 km2.
It takes its name from a former private hunting club which was abolished upon creating the Zec.
In the centuries since, migratory birds have come to depend on these wetlands for food and as nesting areas.
Seppiko-Mineyama Prefectural Natural Park is a Prefectural Natural Park in central Hyōgo Prefecture, Japan.
Also listed as a 'Globally Important Bird Area' by the American Bird Conservancy, more than 280 species have been sighted in the area.
The Monogaga Classified Forest is found in Côte d'Ivoire, and covers 350 km².
Three sections of the park were listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1991.
Hedleyhope Fell is a nature reserve to the north-east of Tow Law, County Durham, England.
It is jointly administered by Shasta-Trinity, Klamath, and Six Rivers National Forests.
Castle Crags is a dramatic and well-known rock formation in Northern California.
Somewhat unusual for a wilderness in this area is that it is on BLM land rather the nearby Mount Hood National Forest.
The na pali along the shoreline rise as much as 4,000 feet above the Pacific Ocean.
It is part of Köýtendag Nature Reserve.
Caribou-Targhee National Forest is located in the states of Idaho and Wyoming, with a small section in Utah in the United States.
Pee Dee National Wildlife Refuge was established in October 1963 to provide additional habitat for these geese and other waterfowl.
The location includes an adjacent 1-acre landscaped park with views of the Boston skyline, and is part of the Metropolitan Park System of Greater Boston.
The Lantz Farm and Nature Preserve Wildlife Management Area is located on 555 acres in Jacksonburg, east of Blacksville in Wetzel County, West Virginia.
Some of the more isolated islands provide nesting areas for colonies of gulls and terns.
The park features a 32-acre reservoir for fishing and flat-wake boating.
Goat Island lies within the reserve and Leigh is the closest town.
The Siskiyou Wilderness is a federal wilderness area designated by the passage of the California Wilderness Act of 1984.
Sycamore Canyon Wilderness is a 56,000-acre wilderness area in the Coconino, Kaibab and Prescott national forests in the U.S. state of Arizona.
The park offers water recreation, camping facilities, and hiking trails.
The beach area has a playground, grills and picnic tables.
The extent of the sanctuary is 55 square kilometres.
The park is divided into two areas, Outamba and Kilimi.
Besides hiking trails during seasonally good weather, attractions of the wilderness are wild mustang horses.
The name was changed in 1759, to honor of Claud Louis d'Espinchal, Marquis de Massiac, the French Naval Minister.
The Wilderness is home to several threatened or endangered species.
The park covers an area of 669,984 acres on the Kenai Peninsula in southcentral Alaska, near the town of Seward.
Chickasaw National Wildlife Refuge is a 25,006-acre National Wildlife Refuge located along the Mississippi River in the northwestern part of Lauderdale County in West Tennessee.
The land is a living demonstration of how most of Fort Worth appeared in predevelopment times.
The relatively small park area has over 40 kilometres of shoreline.
The emblem of the Albert Falls Amble is the fish eagle, as its unique cry can be heard throughout the area.
It is rich in mineral resources, such as copper.
Rolling, vegetated sand dunes were formed by the last retreat of the glaciers.
The only inhabited portion of the islands is on Southeast Farallon Island, where researchers from Point Blue Conservation Science and the U.S.
The Thunder Basin National Grassland is located in northeastern Wyoming in the Powder River Basin between the Big Horn Mountains and the Black Hills.
In addition, Robbers Cave is historically notable as a former hideout for infamous outlaws Belle Starr and Jesse James.
Grasses include sweet vernal-grass, Anthoxanthum odoratum, common bent, Agrostis capillaris, and downy oat-grass, Avenula pubescens.
Bamforth NWR is administered by Arapaho National Wildlife Refuge in Colorado.
It is situated on the bank of the Swat River at Fizagat.
According to tradition, Big Knife Creek's name commemorates a battle between two Indians, namely Big Man and Knife.
Seasonal dirt roads also link from Kalomo and Namwala in the south and south-east, and Kasempa in the north.
This weed has spread across large parts of the coastline, smothering and killing local vegetation and upsetting coastal ecosystems.
In 2003, black rhinoceroses were re-introduced to the park.
Pleasure boating and scuba diving are among favorite recreational pursuits.
The area surrounding Lake Mead was established as the Boulder Dam Recreation Area in 1936.
Within its lakes, several floating communities can be found.
Public hunting and fishing is available in the forest.
The refuge is made up of several parcels of land located in northeastern Oklahoma.
The forest is headquartered in Montgomery, as are all four of Alabama's National Forests.
The WMA is accessed from Pigeon Creek Road south of Oakvale off U.S. Route 460.
Eastside was a large infertile sandy area that was never homesteaded or developed.
The second Fort Bowie was built on a plateau about 500 yards to the east of the first site.
Wildfires are not uncommon in the Okanogan National Forest.
The park covers 333 square kilometres of land along the border with Sweden.
Del Norte Coast Redwoods State Park is a state park of California, USA, and a component of the Redwood National and State Parks.
White-tailed deer, turkey, quail, squirrel, rabbit, and grouse hunting opportunities are available in the wildlife management area.
The refuge is an important resting and feeding area for migratory birds including gulls, terns, neotropical migratory songbirds, and shorebirds.
Many older wooden sailboats can be swinging at permanent moorage at the park.
The nature park was renamed in 2010 to Parco Naturale Tre Cime.
The refuge was created on June 18, 1984 to protect an extremely rare desert oasis in the Southwestern United States.
Four million people per year visit the area, and visitor numbers can rise as high as 60,000 per day in August.
The sanctuary is located near the Maharashtra, Chhattisgarh and Telangana border.
Two separate areas of the park span the borders of the municipalities of Chikuhoku, Chikuma, Ikusaka, Nagano, and Omi.
It is managed by the Massachusetts Department of Conservation and Recreation.
The WMA includes land along the Snake River and on the canyon rim.
The park provides majestic beauty of coniferous forests and grandeur of glacial world combined with lush green meadows.
It is believed to have originally been about 50 meters in height and 340m.
Marshall Forest is located in Floyd County, in Georgia, 5 miles outside the Rome city limits.
It is 276 square miles in size and is located off Michigan's Thumb north of Detroit.
There is a functioning research station in the area.
Established in 1993, it covers an area of 50 km².
The site is a disused quarry and has been designated as of national importance in the Geological Conservation Review as a key site for sedimentological studies.
Another entrance is at Cerro Toledo, east of the Yangana-Valladolid route in the southwestern part of the park.
On the quarry floor, natural seepage has given rise to areas of open water, which grade into a variety of soligenous mire and fen vegetation types.
Photographs of the original house and members of the Crawford family exist.
Names or initials of emigrants written in axle grease are still visible on Register Rock.
In descending order of acreage it lies in parts of Perkins, Corson, and Ziebach counties.
It is managed by the Connecticut Department of Energy and Environmental Protection.
The Red Mountain Wilderness is a 18,729-acre wilderness area in the US state of Utah.
The wilderness was designated by an act of Congress in 1980.
Take the paved road heading east to Moore for about half a mile.
It protects 252 miles of river, including the St. Croix River, and the Namekagon River, as well as adjacent land along the rivers.
It is home to Mount Bigelow, one of Maine's highest mountains at an elevation of 4,145 feet, and Flagstaff Lake.
The area is mostly heathland and pine forest.
This protected area is included in an International Biosphere Reserve and is part of the Kluane/Wrangell–St.
Other nearby attractions are Wind Cave National Park, Mount Rushmore, Jewel Cave National Monument, Crazy Horse Memorial, and Badlands National Park.
The Sespe Condor Sanctuary is a 53,000-acre wildlife refuge in the Topatopa Mountains, in northeastern Ventura County, southern California.
The Neversink Preserve is located in Deerpark, Orange County, New York.
These highly permeable gravel deposits readily absorb surface water and then hold it in staggering quantities as groundwater.
The park includes the 170-acre Tobyhanna Lake and a portion of Tobyhanna Creek.
Historic markers posted at each end read:
As with much of the refuge big game work, these moose counts are cooperative efforts between the U.S.
The 17-mile loop trail can be hiked as a 10-mile stretch or the 7.5-mile south section.
Dalby Söderskog is a small national park in the province of Scania in southern Sweden, situated in the municipality of Lund, near Dalby.
Established in 1955, the park covers a total area of 98 hectares.
The park was placed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1970.
The refuge is one of the three 'Tampa Bay Refuges', and is administered as a part of the Chassahowitzka National Wildlife Refuge Complex.
Ise-no-Umi Prefectural Natural Park is a Prefectural Natural Park on the coast of Mie Prefecture, Japan.
Crawford Lake Conservation Area is a conservation area owned and operated by Conservation Halton near the community of Campbellville in Milton, Halton, Ontario, Canada.
There are over 130 miles of non-motorized trails in the NCA.
Kromdraai Conservancy is a protected conservation park located to the south-west of Gauteng province in north-east South Africa.
240, which enters the park from the south and links with 263 just outside the entry fee-collection gates.
Zion National Park is located in the Southwestern United States, near Springdale, Utah.
Lopé National Park is a national park in central Gabon.
The property was a resort for many years before it was donated to the state by Minnie Nolte in the early 1970s.
The refuge protects over 25,650 acres of wetland and forested upland habitat along Umbagog Lake.
The park is part of the WAP complex which is a vast protected area in Benin, Burkina Faso and Niger.
With an additional 2,600 acres given by the INAAP in 2004, the park has 5,100 acres, making it the third largest state park in Indiana.
Strandzha Nature Park falls within two terrestrial ecoregions of the Palearctic temperate broadleaf and mixed forest — the Balkan mixed forests and the Euxine-Colchic deciduous forests.
The nucleus of the park is Big Island, a 117-acre island attached to the mainland by a causeway.
Channel Islands National Park is home to a wide variety of significant natural and cultural resources.
According to biologists, there are 16,000 species of animals, of which the most numerous are insects and birds.
Bismarck Conservation Area includes a parking areas, boat ramp, two designated trails, and fishing dock.
The complex has a combined staff of 31 with a fiscal year 2005 budget of $3,582,000.
Monument Mountain is the name of a popular 503-acre open space reservation located in Great Barrington, Massachusetts on the southeast side of Monument Mountain.
In 2006 Pancake Bay Provincial Park received an extension as part of Ontario's Living Legacy, and now comprises 17.23 square kilometres.
The Calilegua National Park is a federal protected area in Jujuy Province, Argentina.
Its main feature is the stream of freshwater from the river Swat flowing.
It had been closed because of Arizona State Parks budget cuts.
After the war, The Kalø Estate with the Kalø Woods, Hestehave and Ringelmose, where confiscated by the Danish State which is still the owner.
Klewnuggit Inlet Marine Provincial Park is a provincial park that covers 1,773 hectares in British Columbia, Canada.
Established in 1953, the park spans the borders of the municipalities of Hachinohe and Hashikami.
The park has a mixed pine, oak, maple forest.
Habitats include native tallgrass prairie, oak savanna, and wetlands with stands of wild rice.
During the American Civil War, the Battle of Natural Bridge was fought here on March 6, 1865.
The only public transportation to the island is by the passenger ferry Karfi from Washington Island.
Rattlesnakes and gopher snakes may also be found.
It was established as a national park on 1 November 1998.
The ridge extends from Röstånga in the southeast to the Åstorp in northwest.
The Petrified Forest 30 km south of Sarmiento, Argentina is a provincial natural monument.
Nyanga National Park lies in the north of Zimbabwe's Eastern Highlands.
The park is wholly within the municipality of Ina.
Prior to Wilderness designation it was known as the Columbia Gorge Recreation Area.
It's the only private protected area in Los Muermos.
A very small part of the refuge extends eastward into western Bailey County, Texas.
The park is under the joint administration, supervision and control of the Department of Environment and Natural Resources and the Metropolitan Waterworks and Sewerage System.
On the coastal side the mountains descend abruptly along 12 km with numerous cliffs, coves and cornices.
Several ponds are found in the area.
This park northeast of San Francisco Bay has countless islands and marshes with many wildlife habitats and many opportunities for recreation, including boating, windsurfing and swimming.
Tug Fork WMA is located on 2,165 acres of steep terrain along hills above the Tug Fork River.
The 8-acre park encompasses the hill that overlooks the Beaverhead River that William Clark climbed on August 13, 1805 during the Lewis and Clark Expedition.
The Shasta–Trinity National Forest offers a wide range of recreational activities.
The Kaldoaivi Wilderness Area is the largest wilderness reserve in Finland, located in the municipalities of Utsjoki and Inari in Lapland.
Construction started in 1971 and was finished in 1978.
Five German components were added in 2011.
The Taco Bell restaurant on the beach side of the highway is reputed to be the world's most scenic Taco Bell location.
The second-tallest mountain within El Yunque is also named El Yunque.
Due to its climatic, hydrological and geological conditions, the marine park is characterized by its unique vegetation and biodiversity.
Inside the park itself is a large pond surrounded by another bund.
Parts of Roztochia are under protection, in Poland as a National Park and in Ukraine as a Biosphere Reserve.
Kilen Woods State Park is a state park of Minnesota, USA, on the Des Moines River south of Windom.
First proclaimed as the Libunao Spring Watershed Forest Reserve in 1931 through Proclamation No.
It almost surrounds the Mokolo Dam on the Mokolo River.
It is the latest provincial park to be established in the province, and Alberta's 69th provincial park.
Like the South Park, its eastern boundary is the Luangwa River, while it rises to cover a stretch of the Muchinga Escarpment to the west.
McFarland Park commemorates Ernest McFarland, who was successively a US Senator, Governor of Arizona, and Chief Justice of the Arizona Supreme Court.
The total area of the park is 3,000 acres, with 326 acres designated as a state park.
Tunari National Park is a national park located in the Cochabamba Department, Bolivia.
The park maintains 6 1⁄4 miles of hiking trails, primarily through the Forest of the Wabash portion of the park.
It is located in the central Black Rock Range west of the Black Rock Desert Wilderness.
It is managed together with Medicine Bow - Routt National Forest from Forest Service offices in Laramie, Wyoming; its local ranger district office is in Douglas.
The refuge comprises over 15,000 acres of playa and wetland habitat in the Carson Sink.
Maquenque National Park is a proposed National Park, which would form part of the Arenal Huetar Norte Conservation Area, in the northern part of Costa Rica.
Anne Nature Reserve is a nature reserve situated in south-eastern Estonia, in Tartu County.
The rock was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2015.
It borders the White River National Forest to the north and the Gunnison National Forest to the east.
The highest peak is Cerro Raxón at 3,015 m. The Sierra's rich deposits of jade and marble have been mined throughout the past centuries.
Cape Breton Highlands National Park is located on northern Cape Breton Island in the province of Nova Scotia.
The gardens closed for the public on January 31st, 2016.
It receives heavy rainfall, winter snow and has at least two perennial springs.
The 162-acre park was established in 1934.
For a few weeks around the equinoxes, West Quoddy Head is the first location in the United States to see the sunrise.
The reserve is divided into two sections - the Tebardinsky) to the east, and the Arkhyz) to the west.
A mixed oak-hickory forest habitat dominates the drier slopes, with yellow poplar and black cherry in the moister coves.
Originally established in 1931 as a primitive area, 428,169-acre region was redesignated as a wilderness in 1964 and expanded to the current size in 1984.
On August 22, 2010, a fire broke out between the park and the training area.
From about mid-March to mid-October the park is also a venue for fishing, canoeing, and kayaking in the Rio Grande.
Downing Easement lands are located in the towns of Corinth and Exeter.
The Kabansky Nature Zakaznik, across 12,100 ha, was transferred under the jurisdiction of the Baikal Nature Reserve in 1985.
Despite this, Lake Malawi National Park does include a fair amount of land, including several small islands in Lake Malawi.
Bù Gia Mập National Park is a national park in the province of Bình Phước, Vietnam.
The refuge consists of two separate land divisions.
The site is an important staging and breeding area for spring and fall migration of shorebirds.
Góra Świętej Anny Landscape Park is a protected area in south-western Poland, established in 1988, covering an area of 50.50 square kilometres.
It is bordered by the Los Padres National Forest and the Sespe Condor Sanctuary to the north.
This organism was created initially on July 23, 1971 and registered as of February 15, 1995 at "Registraire des entreprises du Québec".
It is located about 20 kilometres northwest of the town of Ear Falls.
In 2014, the Bureau of Land Management bought a 5,800 acres tract of land on the inland side of the highway adjacent to the coastal parcels.
The park spans an area of 874 square kilometers, protecting several species of India's endangered wildlife.
There is a seasonal shuttle service that allows hikers to walk between upper falls and lower falls without doubling back, the Tahqua Trekker.
The forest is largely in Grand and Clear Creek counties, but spills over into neighboring Gilpin, Park, Routt, Jackson, and Jefferson counties.
It takes its name from the Pollino Massif.
It is an important area for waders, or shorebirds, and is a well-known birdwatching site.
Park by a sign describing the cave's Chumash Artists and look for the cave above the road.
Valmiki National Park and Wildlife Sanctuary is located in the West Champaran district of Bihar state, India.
Suzuka Quasi-National Park is a Quasi-National Park in Mie and Shiga Prefectures, Japan.
Around the open water, and in parts of the ditch that are silting-up, a tall fen vegetation occurs.
It borders the Paanajärvi National Park in Russia.
Alaungdaw Kathapa National Park is a national park in Sagaing Division, Burma.
The marshes border the towns of Edison, South Plainfield, and Metuchen.
Agua Tibia Wilderness is a 17,961-acre protected area in Riverside and San Diego counties, California.
Located amidst the 34-km-long scenic Kanger Valley, a biosphere reserve, Kanger Valley National Park is one of the most beautiful and picturesque national parks of India.
The Silabukan Protection Forest Reserve is located in Sabah, Malaysia.
XiXi Wetland has a history of more than 1,800 years and an abundant cultural heritage.
Since it is non-operational, camping is prohibited, but day use activities such as swimming and hiking are permitted.
The West Clear Creek Wilderness is a 15,238-acre wilderness area in the U.S. state of Arizona.
The park boundaries were set by the Minnesota Legislature and the state is still acquiring land from willing sellers; two-thirds of the property remain privately owned.
Kaw River State Park is a state park in Topeka, Kansas, USA.
Trails lead to the summits of Valencia Peak, Oats Peak, and Hazard Peak.
Amenities include four parking lots, two picnic areas with covered tables, beaches, and Historic Port Boca Grande Lighthouse on the southern end of the island.
It straddles the border between Wyoming and Montana.
Spanning the departments of Puy-de-Dôme, Haute-Loire, and Loire, the park covers a total area of 297,000 hectares.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places listings in Presidio County, Texas on June 18, 1973.
It covers an area of 64.71 km2.
An outdoor arena is used for equestrian shows.
The Okomu Forest Reserve is a forest block covering an area of 1081 km² in Edo State, about 50 km west of Benin City, Nigeria.
The beach is at the bottom of 300 foot sandstone cliffs of white and golden stone, with a greenish layer sometimes visible at the very bottom.
It encompasses Humbug Marsh, a wetland in Gibraltar and Trenton in southeastern Wayne County, which is classified as a wetland of international importance.
On the Canadian side of the border lies Kluane National Park, and together these two areas house some of the continent's most spectacular mountain landscapes.
Trails include Pintail & Egret Marsh Boardwalk and the Rail Trail, both on Wintel Road.
The park is adjacent to, and due North of, the Van Buren State Park.
Ducks and herons nest on islands with grasses or small trees.
The rugged, steep terrain varies in elevation from about 800 feet along the banks of the West Virginia Fork of Fish Creek to over 1500 feet.
It comprises many backwaters and ponds along the Danube.
The park is managed by the Massachusetts Department of Conservation and Recreation.
The Tlingits fought to make protection for the island a part of ANILCA legislation, and continue to engage in stewardship of the island's natural resources.
Dead Lakes State Recreation Area is a Florida protected area located 1 mile north of Wewahitchka off Florida State Road 71 and southwest of Tallahassee.
Cerulean Warbler Bird Reserve, also known as the Reinita Cerúlea Bird Reserve, is a nature reserve near Bucaramanga in central Colombia.
It lies on the northwest coastal side of central Aleutians East Borough.
It includes the Lusk Creek Canyon National Natural Landmark.
The landscape of the park is dominated by rugged mountains covered with dipterocarp forests, similar to the Khao Sok adjoining it to the east.
The Anja Community Reserve is a woodland area and freshwater lake, situated at the base a large cliff.
The refuge provides several opportunities for public use including hunting, fishing, hiking, photography, interpretation, environmental education, and wildlife observation.
Quail Creek State Park is a state park of Utah, United States, featuring a 600-acre reservoir.
It is managed by the Montana Department of Fish, Wildlife and Parks.
Other animals are also common, including wolves and lynx.
Gorgona functioned as a prison from 1959 until 1984 when it was turned into a National Natural Park.
Beyond the public areas lie about 2,500 metres of cave that are not open to the public.
Attractions in the park are the two waterfalls Muang Thuat and Than Thip, as well as the Khamin Cave.
It serves as the headquarters for the World Birding Center.
Crooked Tree Wild Life Sanctuary is a protected area in Belize.
Only 2,019 acres of land are above sea level, on several keys within the refuge.
Brown and black bears are numerous on shore.
This is due to the ability of the limey soils at Crow's Nest to neutralize and buffer soil pH within the range 6.3 to 6.8.
The Rothchild's Birdwing is an insect only known from the Arfak Mountains.
Jayamangali Blackbuck Conservation Reserve is Tumkur district's only notified protected area.
They also hunted the caribou and muskox in the area as evidenced by the large number of food caches.
The park is located 1 1/2 hours southeast of Calgary and about the same distance from Lethbridge to the southeast.
All three species, L. graciosa, L. machogaffensis, and L. pelvis, are miniature orchids and neither is longer than 5 mm.
It forms part of the greater Table Bay Nature Reserve, proclaimed in June 2012.
The 144-acre area offers picnicking, ocean swimming, and beach activities.
Underlying salt domes forced the seafloor upward in various areas of the Gulf of Mexico, resulting in the formation of rises and banks.
U.S. Wilderness Areas do not allow motorized or mechanized vehicles, including bicycles.
King Bhumibol Adulyadej has blamed the destruction of Thailand's forested areas on the greed of some state officials.
It is a natural limestone bridge over the River Greta, just over 3 km upstream from the village of Bowes.
The oldest rocks are extensively metamorphosed and at least 1.7 billion years old.
Previous to its 1979 establishment as a wildlife sanctuary, Barda was a private reserve for Porbandar and Jamnagar.
The gorge below the falls averages about 240 m deep and runs for 18 kilometres.
No camping, horseback riding, target shooting, open fires, or swimming is permitted.
It is a designated Migratory Bird Sanctuary.
It was designated March 30, 2009, as part of the Omnibus Public Land Management Act of 2009.
Puhtu-Laelatu Nature Reserve is a nature reserve situated in western Estonia, in Lääne County.
These fields are maintained by periodic prescribed fire to facilitate growth of the native grasses.
Yellowstone Park is the largest and most famous megafauna location in the Continental United States.
The Skalkaho Game Preserve is within it.
Dunns Creek State Park is a Florida State Park, located approximately 15 miles south of Palatka, on US 17.
Laughing Bird Caye is an island off the coast of Placencia, Belize.
It includes forested lands in Alger, Delta, Marquette, and Menominee Counties.
333 issued by President Manuel Luis Quezon.
There are opportunities for canoeing, fishing, hiking, tennis, picnicking, and open water swimming.
The are various itineraries and paths, but the main ones are:
Khun Khan National Park is a national park in Thailand's Chiang Mai Province.
The park has 3,960 feet of shoreline and offer picnicking, camping, hiking on 6.5 miles of trails, boating, fishing, crabbing, and athletic fields.
Overnight accommodations for researchers and school groups may be made for the on-site Trailfinders Lodge.
Activities at the park include camping, hiking, fishing, boating, and windsurfing.
Popular activities at the park include swimming, boating, hiking, biking, and birdwatching.
The reserve is situated in the Belgorodsky District of Belgorod Oblast.
The site was established to protect the home and property of Thomas Stone, one of the 56 signers of the United States Declaration of Independence.
Official documentation alternatively refers to the park as the Chippewa Moraine Ice Age Reserve or the Chippewa Moraine Ice Age National Scientific Reserve.
The area is heavily disturbed by human pressures, particularly pastoral grazing, hunting and woodcutting; few large mammals remain.
The park offers camping, fishing, watersports, hiking and horseback riding facilities.
It is managed by the Washington State Parks and Recreation Commission.
Birds tend to move in mixed feeding flocks, invariably led by the fearless greater racket-tailed drongo and the noisy orange-billed babbler.
Established on September 30, 1965, the site is roughly bounded by Constitution Avenue, 15th Street NW, F Street NW, and 3rd Street NW.
The reservation is part of the Metropolitan Park System of Greater Boston.
It is also the location of TTOR's Doyle Center: a conservation education center, regional office, and green building initiative.
Established in 1957 it is located in Bougouriba Province and covers an area of 365 km².
The local fauna includes woodpeckers, ñandús, foxes, viscachas, and capybaras.
The park is in the Ucayali moist forests ecoregion.
There are steep-sided fjords with deciduous woodlands, coniferous forests, mountainous terrains, and alpine peaks.
Within the Landscape Park are six nature reserves.
This is done in close cooperation with the Zambia Wildlife Authority and with the involvement of local communities.
The park falls within the Illyrian deciduous forests terrestrial ecoregion of the Palearctic Temperate broadleaf and mixed forest.
It is approximately three times the size of the Bharatpur Sanctuary.
It is located in the towns of Swanton and Highgate.
The Southern Nantahala Wilderness was designated in 1984 and currently consists of 23,473 acres.
An attractive visitor center offers a spectacular vista of the marshes and trees that are typical of the Tamarac Refuge.
Kolga Nature Reserve is a nature reserve situated in south-western Estonia, in Pärnu County.
Powidz Landscape Park is a protected area in west-central Poland, established in 1998, covering an area of 246 square kilometres.
The park was closed due to damage and continued danger from landslides, though locals still access the site for hiking, horseback riding, and beach activities.
The Passaic County Parks Department operates the park while the Passaic County Sheriff is responsible for law enforcement in the reservation.
These savannas featured open, prairie-like areas with scattered pines and hardwoods.
The park is rich in biodiversity especially rich in Sino-himalayan fauna, most notably gray goral, barking deer and the Leopard.
The ZEC du Gros-Brochet is a "zone d'exploitation contrôlée", located in the region of Mauricie, in Quebec, in Canada.
The Coastal Hiking Trail is part of the long-distance Voyageur Hiking Trail.
The park has rapidly developing tourist infrastructure.
Waccasassa Bay Preserve State Park is a 30,784-acre salt marsh that stretches from Cedar Key and Yankee Town, and is only accessible by boat.
A 7,100-acre reclamation project within the Refuge, the Emiquon Project, is operated by the Nature Conservancy, which is a partner with the U.S.
During the 1864 Atlanta Campaign of the American Civil War, the Battle of Allatoona Pass was fought on a battlefield near the park.
In descending order of land area they are Clayton, Dubuque, Jackson, and Allamakee counties.
These watersheds cover 1,000 square miles of land and provide ample water to Lake Alice National Wildlife Refuge.
Originally, the park had 14 cabins, built in the 30's, with bathrooms, kitchens, heat and air, dishes and linens.
The Young Conservation Area is about 0.2 miles to the east and LaBarque Creek Conservation Area is about 1.2 miles to the southwest.
Pinnacles National Monument was established in 1908 by U.S. President Theodore Roosevelt.
It is located in Amangarh in Bijnor district in the state of Uttar Pradesh.
Between the two sectors of the national park stretches the Dzanga-Sangha Special Reserve 335,900 ha.
The reserve is also a part of the Lake Baikal World Heritage Site.
The Pond Creek National Wildlife Refuge is a 27,300 acre wildlife refuge located in Sevier County, Arkansas managed by the United States Fish and Wildlife Service.
The habitat is grazed steppe with dunes, beaches and wetlands.
The Vercors Regional Natural Park is a protected area of forested mountains in the Rhône-Alpes region of southeastern France.
It is located in the Jackson Mountains south of the North Jackson Mountains Wilderness and east of the Black Rock Desert Wilderness.
Both parks are managed together by the departments of both states.
It sits between Deep Creek and Morattico Creek and is currently under public ownership.
Kui Buri National Park is a national park of Thailand in the Tenasserim Hills in Prachuap Khiri Khan Province.
The 15,907-acre swamp was designated a National Natural Landmark in 1974.
The north-eastern end of the park is located within the Zambezian and Mopane woodlands, while the southwest is located within the Southern Africa bushveld ecoregion.
Plum and Pilot Island were transferred from the U.S. Coast Guard to the U.S.
Fossil Butte National Monument was established as a national monument on October 23, 1972.
It was formerly a Florida State Park and originally a fish hatchery operated by the Florida Fish and Wildlife Conservation Commission from 1936 until 1951.
Fort Boggy State Park is a 1,847 acres state park located between Leona and Centerville, Texas.
Annadel includes what some biologists consider the best example of undisturbed northern oak woodlands in existence.
As Banff has over three million visitors annually, the health of its ecosystem has been threatened.
On the grounds of the park is a synagogue from the Talmudic period.
Weir Farm will be recognized on the 52nd quarter in 2020 as part of the America the Beautiful Quarters Program.
It is located near Seven Springs, North Carolina and covers 1,094 acres along the southern banks of the Neuse River.
It is located 5 miles south of Albuquerque, New Mexico.
Although it can be difficult to get to, Semuc is becoming more and more popular with travelers.
The La Brea Tar Pits are a group of tar pits around which Hancock Park was formed in urban Los Angeles.
The park was named by the Sudan's central government in the Wildlife Act of 1986 and Wildlife Conservation and National Parks Act of 2003.
Its altitude varies from 800 m. near Blagoevgrad to 2925 m. at Musala Peak, the highest summit in the Balkan Peninsula.
Average annual precipitation is sufficient to support woodland or savanna vegetation; consequently, drought, fire and grazing are important in maintaining this grassland.
Foy Provincial Park is a provincial park on Round Lake, Ontario.
Pictographs painted with red panthers are found in the area's fifty-three rock shelters, which archeologists have dated to 3000 b.c..
Marion Brooks Natural Area is a state forest natural area in the Moshannon State Forest in Benezette Township, Elk County in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania.
Feral goats became established on the island in the 18th century.
It is part of Sankala Khiri mountain range, the southernmost subrange of the Tenasserim Hills that stretches from the Kra Isthmus into Malaysia.
Birding is excellent since the region falls in the Mississippi Flyway for many winged species.
The park also offers picnic shelters, a marina, playgrounds, trails, miniature golf course, swimming area, mountain biking, equestrian campground, stables, and 25 miles of equestrian trails.
The preserve is owned and maintained by the Virginia Department of Conservation and Recreation.
Semeliki National Park is located in Bwamba County, a remote part of the Bundibugyo District, in western Uganda.
Forks of the Credit Provincial Park, located in Caledon, Ontario, Canada is part of the Ontario Parks system and is part of the Niagara Escarpment biosphere.
The range also includes part of the Threemile Wildlife Management Area, the Welcome Creek Wilderness Area, the Skalkaho Game Preserve, and the Anaconda-Pintler Wilderness Area.
The site contains the parking area, a memorial statue, interpretive signs, and trails.
The Chincoteague National Wildlife Refuge is a 14,000-acre wildlife preserve operated by the U.S.
Hojaburjybelent Sanctuary is a sanctuary of Turkmenistan.
Fish and Wildlife Service, is Ohio's only designated Wilderness Area, the West Sister Island National Wildlife Refuge.
The tropical forests of Dampa are home to rich flora and fauna.
The lakes are kettle lakes, formed by receding ice sheets of the Pleistocene Epoch, which also made the steeply rolling hills and bogs of the park.
Basement ridges protrude above the surface of the peneplain as rocky inselbergs, domed hills or hard rocks that rise steeply from the surrounding area.
It was established to preserve the virgin spruce forest that prevailed in Norway prior to the rise of forestry.
The National Park Service manages the wilderness.
The park contains several abandoned interpretive buildings opened by the Alberta government in 1980 but now shuttered.
Khun Nan National Park is part of the Luang Prabang montane rain forests ecoregion.
It was established in 1973 and granted the status of a World Heritage Site in 1984.
In 2005, Idaho Power assumed management of the 3,000 acres it owns near the C. J.
In descending order of land area within the forest, they are Grant, Natchitoches, Winn, Rapides, Vernon, Claiborne, and Webster parishes.
Groff Creek is a minor tributary of the Sacandaga River, and a hiking trail located in the Adirondack State Park in Hope, New York.
In turn a causeway connects Big Island to Little Island.
The Knersvlakte Nature Reserve is a nature reserve in the Knersvlakte region of South Africa's Western Cape province.
The area provides such recreational activities as hiking, mountain biking, picnicking, and fishing.
The Forest of Nisene Marks State Park is a state park of California, USA, protecting a tract of secondary forest in the Santa Cruz Mountains.
Nathan Boone Homestead State Historic Site is located in southwest Missouri, United States, near Ash Grove.
The core area includes the Mowgli Pench Wildlife Sanctuary whose area is 118.30 km2.
The ranges are composed largely of dissected granite and gneiss.
The dam at the southern end of the dike is crossed by a narrow, steel catwalk, from which fishing is not allowed.
There is evidence of human occupation since the Iron Age.
Due to intensive management, the refuge is critically important as a sanctuary for waterfowl and other neotropical migratory birds.
Arcata was a trans-shipment point from boats to pack trains for interior mines.
The refuge was established in 1937 to protect a majority of the 438,000 acre Okefenokee Swamp.
The Wilderness is managed by the United States Forest Service and is part of the National Wilderness Preservation System.
The refuge is part of a national system of fee ownership lands purchase from willing sellers, mostly private property owners.
At 488,210 acres, it is the largest wilderness area in the state of Colorado.
It is a prime example of shrub-steppe habitat.
It includes a 30-acre lake and will provide hunting opportunities for deer, wild turkey, squirrel, and other species.
In winter, the ice that accumulates around and in the falls is often colored in shades of green and blue.
Baskunchak has been a source of salt to Russia for centuries.
Since 1997 it is a member of EUROPARC federation.
It still exists as a dirt road in some places, while many other parts have been paved over by newer streets and highways.
The Seal Beach National Wildlife Refuge is a wildlife refuge encompassing 965 acres located in the California coastal community of Seal Beach.
The park was the first National Park in the Atlantic provinces of Canada and covers an area of 948 km2.
The refuge is closed to the public but there are excellent viewing locations from the Ft. Randle Dam on the Missouri River.
The fauna also incorporates unusual and threatened species, such as the pond bat, the lesser spotted eagle and the black stork.
This scenic park in southeast Arizona is in a beautiful location surrounded by the sky island Pinaleño Mountains range, including Mount Graham.
The forest's terrain ranges from rugged mountains and deep canyons to mesas and semi-desert.
Natural features include the cliffs at Pha Phueng, and the 40 metres Bak Teo Yai Waterfall.
The 107-acre site is located in Pacific Grove and offers overnight lodging and views of the forest, surf and sand.
The park occupies an area of 29.15 square kilometres.
It is one of the 30 areas which are officially under protection in the country.
This site is 452 square kilometres in area.
The zakaznik is created to protect flora and fauna of the pine-tree forest environment.
The refuge also supports endangered and threatened species.
Established in 1970, the park spans the municipalities of Imari, Karatsu, Takeo, and Taku.
There are about 60 miles of hiking trails, which are connected to a larger, 200 miles network of trails in neighboring public lands.
In 1959, Executive Order 10850 removed land from the forest's boundaries.
The reserve, which covers 5,052 hectares in the Atlantic Forest biome, was created on 11 March 1974.
The Canadian Pacific Railway was instrumental in Banff's early years, building the Banff Springs Hotel and Lake Louise Chalet, and attracting tourists through extensive advertising.
These include the 1806 African Meeting House, the oldest standing black church in the United States.
It is classified as Category IV under the International Union for Conservation of Nature.
Although designated as a national park, Xingchen Haibin is not listed as a "protected area" in the World Database of Protected Areas.
It is located in parts of Columbia, Baker, Bradford, and Hamilton counties.
The wildlife management area is centered on 20-acre Berwind Lake.
After Europeans settled in the area and displaced the Native Americans, the Europeans began to dig wells to harvest salt from salt springs, called salines.
Access for persons 17 years of age or older requires a valid hunting permit, fishing permit, or WMA access permit.
The reservoir is home to various fish species including largemouth bass, catfish, crappie and walleye.
The refuge parallels 16 miles of the James River and is a mixture of wetlands, forest and prairie.
Trumpeter swans, on Minnesota’s threatened species list, were re-introduced to the area prior to its becoming a refuge and now nest here each year.
More information of these important areas can be found in the Final Environmental Impact Statement for Kisatchie, prepared by the Forest Service in 1999.
The word grulla is Spanish for crane.
Yellowstone Lake State Park is a state park of Wisconsin, United States, featuring a 455-acre reservoir on a tributary of the Pecatonica River.
The outdoor drama theater produces the Aracoma story and 2-3 other plays or musicals every year.
The grassland has a wide range of wildflowers, such as sneezewort and harebell.
The restored Frijole Ranch House is now a small museum of local ranching history and is the trailhead for Smith Spring.
Located within the reserve is the Rietvlei Dam.
Grand-Lac-Salé Ecological Reserve is an ecological reserve of Quebec, Canada.
The site was designated a national wildlife refuge in 1992 by the United States Congress, and underwent a costly environmental cleanup in order to remove pollutants.
The park borders the large Possum Kingdom Lake, a 20,000-acre lake known for its clear blue waters.
The park is managed by the Department of Conservation and Recreation.
Most of the extension was built along the former roadbed of the Kalamazoo and South Haven Railroad.
Mountain biking is restricted to the fire road as of 2004 because of deed restrictions regarding the state park.
The governmental Forest and Nature Agency states:
It is a working opencast mine located in Arngill Beck on the north-east flank of Close House Crags, in the Lunedale Forest.
New River Gorge is also one of the most popular climbing areas on the east coast with over 1,400 established rock climbs.
The area is maintained by the Metsähallitus.
The monument's marine areas are likely to also be incorporated in the Fagatele Bay National Marine Sanctuary.
Each spring, juvenile sandhill cranes, called colts, can be observed from near the refuge headquarters and from the nearby roads.
Illini State Park is an Illinois state park on 510 acres in LaSalle County, Illinois, United States.
Two streams intersect the fajã: the intermittent Ribeira da Pelada and the Ribeira do Calhau Miúdo.
Khlong Lan National Park is a 420 km2 national park in Thailand.
The lowest point is the still uncharted canyon lake Matka.
The trail is not a hiking trail, but provides opportunities for hiking, boating and horseback riding at many locations along the route.
The Stinging Fork Falls trail terminates at the bottom of Stinging Fork Falls, a 30-foot high waterfall, about 1 mile from the parking area.
It is located in the northern plains of Cambodia, near the border to Thailand.
Saadani National Park is Tanzania's 13th National Park.
It lies in one of the most remote forest areas of the country and covers 10,885 km2.
Shivpuri is steeped in the royal legacy of its past, when it was the summer capital of the Scindia rulers of Gwalior.
The Abou Telfane Faunal Reserve is a protected area located in Chad.
Cedar Point National Wildlife Refuge was donated to the United States Fish and Wildlife Service in 1964 by the owners of the Cedar Point Shooting Club.
It is located in the city of Wildwood and bordered to the south by the Eureka and Six Flags St. Louis.
Laquipampa Wildlife Refuge is a wildlife refuge in the Ferreñafe Province, Lambayeque Region, Peru.
Transfer of those lands to the federal government and creation of the reserve was finalized in 2011.
The Neal Smith National Wildlife Refuge is a federal national wildlife refuge located in Jasper County, Iowa, United States.
Mettnau is a peninsula, located east of the town of Radolfzell in the western part of Lake Constance.
The course is open every day except Christmas, 7 A.M. to 7 P. M.
Activities include camping, picnicking, hiking, mountain biking, cycling, fishing, boating, swimming, water sports, orienteering, disc golf, flying model aircraft, archery, and horseback riding.
Jabisa Forest Park is a forest park in the Gambia.
Adjacent areas, including Opal Creek Wilderness to the west, create a pristine area of nearly 84 square miles.
There are four yurts located in the Shady Ridge Campground; these yurts are not heated and do not have electricity.
The refuge encompasses land of the former Naval Auxiliary Air Station Charlestown.
Together with a surrounding buffer zone of 1,067 km2 and the neighboring 110 km2 Phen Sanctuary it forms the Kanha Tiger Reserve.
Wild flowers bloom throughout the foliage and howler monkeys and toucans can be seen.
Humans have left their mark upon the park, although they probably never established themselves there in great numbers.
Harry S Truman State Park is a Missouri state park located on a peninsula on Truman Lake near Warsaw.
Sixteen primate species have been recorded in the park.
It is an important eco-tourism and safari destination, popular for its population of habituated chimpanzees and twelve other species of primates.
As one of the oldest towns in the region, it prides itself on its historic roots.
President Theodore Roosevelt named the two forests in 1908 and they were merged in 1996.
It is the place where he was collecting the Staurikosaurus, the first Brazilian dinosaur.
A wide range of outdoor sports and leisure activities take place in the Mendips, many based on the particular geology of the area.
Ajidaar-Unkyur is a geological protected area located at slopes of Teo-Muyun Mountains in Osh Region of Kyrgyzstan.
Being an inselberg formed in Precambrian time it was covered by sandstone during long timespans.
Aouk National Park is a national park in Chad.
Bako is one of the smallest national parks in Sarawak.
The area is under shared jurisdiction between the Albanian Agency of Protected Areas, and Tirana Municipality Parks and Recreation Agency.
Obstruction Pass State Park is a state-operated, public recreation area in San Juan County, Washington.
It is home to a scenic river canyon, waterfalls and caves.
It features three trails used exclusively for hikers trails: two internal trails, and the 59-mile Knobstone Trail.
The monument was established on April 18, 1924 to protect its extensive hoodoos and balancing rocks.
It is a part of the Sanjay-Dubri Tiger Reserve system.
The forest was established in 1932, as a result of uncontrolled overlogging, fire and flooding.
On the southern side the roadless area is surrounded by the Paradise Guest Ranch.
Turkey Point Provincial Park is located in Turkey Point, Ontario, Canada and is part of the Ontario Parks system.
The museum name was changed in 2009, as the park grew and expanded around Gronway Parry's collection of horse-drawn vehicles and agricultural implements.
The National Park was established to conserve the valuable natural features of the Finnish lakeland.
Pioneer Park Historical Complex, also called Rhinelander Logging Museum, Rhinelander Schoolhouse Museum is a combination open-air museum of historical structures in Rhinelander, Wisconsin, United States.
Ngala and Motswari game reserves have been amalgamated into Timbavati.
It lies in Rosario Strait just off the eastern shore of Decatur Island and west of the city of Anacortes.
The nature reserve is created to protect the karst landscapes and the coniferous forests of the Northern Russia.
In the middle of the lake is a large, uninhabited island.
George Washington was born here on February 22, 1732.
It was established on 1 January 1987 and covers an area of 154.8 square kilometres.
More common species, such as salamanders, crickets, harvestmen, spiders, crayfish, and bats, also live within the cave's streams, riparian mud banks, and drip pools.
The farm and mansion were created in the early 1900s by James Clise, a banker.
Fort Yargo State Park is a 1,816 acre Georgia state park located in Winder, situated between Athens and Atlanta.
Areas along the lower Omo are populated with a rich diversity of ethnic groups, including the Aari, Banna, Bongoso, Hamar, Karo, Kwegu, Male and Mursi peoples.
The park is open from 8:00 am till sundown year-round.
It is well endowed with beautiful picnic spots, dense forests, and scenic waterfalls like Rajdari and Devdari that attract tourists every year to its vicinity.
Plum Orchard Lake Wildlife Management Area, is located near Pax, West Virginia in Fayette county.
In the Niobrara river, minnows such as sand shiners, red shiners and flathead chubs search for their food of aquatic insects near streambank margins.
There are local ranger district offices in Heppner and Ukiah in Oregon, and in Pomeroy and Walla Walla in Washington.
It is managed by the United States Fish and Wildlife Service.
The park is about 60 km north west of Benin City.
Sonai Rupai Wildlife Sanctuary is a protected area located in the state of Assam in India.
The one just north of St. Croix is the centerpiece of Buck Island Reef National Monument.
Helderberg Nature Reserve is a 398-hectare nature reserve in Cape Town, South Africa.
The land is scattered across seven tracts on the south side of Pine Mountain.
Breite is a culturally modified forest that carries the local Transylvanian Saxons culture over eight centuries and a rich and varied nature.
Fort Foster was a fort in central Florida, located 9 miles south of current-day Zephyrhills in Pasco County.
Sea turtles and shore birds such as the snowy plover, least tern, black skimmer and willet nest in the park during the summer.
Trione-Annadel State Park is a state park of California in the United States.
As one of the newest state parks in North Carolina, Haw River has limited recreational opportunities.
The forest is located along 6 miles of the Lake Michigan coast.
The limestone reef deposit rises 75 feet above the river and is being undercut by it, giving the site its "hanging" appearance.
It is traversed by Chile Route 11.
Wilderness areas do not allow motorized or mechanical equipment including bicycles.
Historically it was known to the Phoenicians as the Northern Rock, to distinguish it from its southern counterpart, the Rock of Gibraltar.
They are located in the northeastern part of the nation in the Dibra district at an elevation between 1,200 and 1,500 m.
Sri Penusila Narasimha Wildlife Sanctuary is a famous 1030.85 km² Protected area in Nellore District of Andhra Pradesh state in South India.
The national park was created to protect coniferous forests of the Northern Russia.
The Chocón Machacas Protected Biotope is a protected nature reserve in eastern Guatemala.
The national park is dominated by the high mountain chain of the Andes, many lakes, rapid rivers, waterfalls, snow-clad peaks, glaciers and extensive forests.
Because of poaching, the park has seen a substantial depletion of its larger animal population, although efforts are underway to restore the park's infrastructure and diversity.
The park has many hiking trails of varying length and difficulty.
The National Park covers an area of 197.63 km2, and the buffer zone around the park covers an area of 130.11 km2; 327.74 km2 together.
This coastal park borders the Gulf of Corcovado to the west and includes the iconic volcanoes Corcovado and Yanteles.
Established in 1950, the park spans the municipalities of Kitakyūshū, Yukuhashi, Nōgata, Tagawa, Kawara, Fukuchi, Kanda, Miyako, Chikujō, and Aka.
The fort was devised as a trading and military outpost to counter any Spanish incursions into French territory.
Approximately 41 miles of trout streams, including Boggs Creek, attract many anglers and there is also abundant wildlife.
The park contains 482 km2 of rugged mountains and unspoiled Valdivian temperate rain forests.
Typical scenery consists of swamps, shores of a medium-sized lake Rutajärvi and esker forests.
The Huai Kha Khaeng Wildlife Sanctuary is in Uthai Thani and Tak Provinces, Thailand.
Boat motors are prohibited in the Wilderness Area.
In 2011, the Department of Environment and Natural Resources planned to conduct a census and registration of residents of the 22 barangays in the reserve.
Average annual precipitation is 1700 mm, with rainfall on 210 days of each year.
Sharbot Lake Provincial Park is a park under the auspices of Ontario Parks in the municipality of Central Frontenac, Frontenac County in Eastern Ontario, Canada.
Since 1996, the 62-mile Pine Creek Rail Trail has followed the creek through the gorge.
In the late 1980s, the forest produced little or no net income and a community organization, Friends of the Forest, was formed to oppose logging.
The Reserve, which was established in 1989, is one of the largest protected areas in Mexico, covering more than 14% of the state.
Kep National Park is a national park of Cambodia in the Kep region of Cambodia.
It was founded on 1 June 1964 and has an area of 72.2 km2.
The park surrounds Park Lake, and is situated at an elevation of 945 m and has a surface of 2.5 km2.
The statue "El Diablo" by César Manrique is its symbol.
Many eagles, harriers, falcons, buzzards, kestrel and vultures.
Komodo islands is also a part of the Coral Triangle, which contains some of the richest marine biodiversity on Earth.
Yuba State Park is a state park of Utah, USA, featuring the Yuba Reservoir on the Sevier River.
The local ranger district office is in Wiggins, which is surrounded by the National Forest on three sides: north, east, and south.
Facilities include campsites, cabins, a boat launch, rental boats, a scenic picnic area with pavilions, a playground and restrooms.
It is about 1,300,000 acres in area and was designated by the United States Congress in 1980.
Cirque Peak is the high point at 12,894 feet.
The wilderness is crossed by the Mogollon Rim.
Îles Ehotilés National Park is a national park in Côte d'Ivoire.
There are three small ravines, one of which is a permanent course, that cross the fajã.
They should bring at least one week's extra supplies in case their departure is delayed due to bad weather.
These include the Elk Falls Ranch, portions of the Davis Ranch, and property once owned by playwright Mary Coyle Chase.
The Defileul Jiului National Park is a protected area situated in Romania on the administrative territory of counties Gorj and Hunedoara.
In 1906, U.S. federal law prohibited further carving.
The first federally endangered Virginia big eared bats, Corynorhinus townsendii virginianus, recorded in Kentucky were found at Natural Bridge State Resort Park in the 1950s.
The property includes an old millstone quarry, and many old millstones can still be seen on the site, now back in the forest.
It is located in Solano County 2 miles west of downtown Benicia.
Today, the largest population is in this park.
It is located 6 km west of Drumheller on Highway 838.
There are no lakes, the biggest river of the Park is the Łasica, a tributary to the Bzura, which acts as a water canal.
Poor Mountain Natural Area Preserve is owned and maintained by the Virginia Department of Conservation and Recreation.
It is named after Doña Ana de Silva y Mendoza wife of the seventh Duke of Medina-Sidonia.
The Desert National Wildlife Refuge complex also includes the Ash Meadows National Wildlife Refuge, the Desert National Wildlife Refuge, and the Pahranagat National Wildlife Refuge.
It preserves a wilderness of freshwater springs and geologically recent lava flows.
Ferry Beach State Park is a state-operated, public recreation area in Saco, York County, Maine.
The Tadrès Total Reserve is a nature reserve in the central north of Niger, southwest the city of Agadez.
The major attractions of the gorge are the six waterfalls known as the Tallulah Falls, which cause the river to drop 500 feet over one mile.
In the East it is divided from the W National Park by the road R7 from Tansarga to Banikoara.
Si-Kunda Forest Park is a forest park in the Gambia.
The area is rich in iron sand and there are remains of a large tatara.
Both districts have picnic areas and allow bicycling and horseback riding on selected roads and trails.
The park also hosts many annual events, such as a Mountain Man Rendezvous and Bear Lake Raspberry Days.
The 34-foot-tall Haystack Mountain Tower, built in 1929 and listed on the National Register of Historic Places, sits upon it.
The William O. Douglas Wilderness is a designated wilderness in the central portion of the state of Washington.
Walleye fishing is good along the face of the dam and on the old railroad bed.
The hill slopes and former quarry support an extensive area of primary magnesian limestone grassland.
The Wild Sky Wilderness is a 106,577-acre wilderness area in the western Cascade Range of Washington state.
Panther Point, at the south end, has dangerous rocky reefs which extend well past the island.
Point Beach State Forest was established in 1938.
This varied reserve includes the southernmost arctic biotope in Finland, as well as totally unmanaged forests of both southern and northern Finnish types.
Tickfaw State Park is recognized as one of 110 sites on the Louisiana Natural Areas Registry for its outstanding natural characteristics.
It is at mile marker 67.5 on U.S. 1, 67400 Overseas Highway.
Lake Waccamaw State Park is located in North Carolina's Coastal Plain.
The Mentawai Islands are thought to have been isolated from mainland of Sumatra for over 500,000 years, thereby producing unique ecosystems.
It also has inter-tidal mangroves along with 24 traditionally operated shrimp ponds to provide food for the birds.
Home to as many as 30,000 white pelicans, the wilderness preserves habitat for the largest single grouping of pelicans in North America.
Together, these two nature reserves have a circa 60 km long common border with Norway.
Hiking trails and hunters roads have access to the sharp ridges from Koke'e Road in Waimea Canyon.
The Tuskegee National Forest is a U.S. National Forest located in Macon County, Alabama, just north of Tuskegee and west of Auburn.
The goal of the park when purchased was to restore the eroded soil.
In 2004, a specimen of a new frog species, Fejervarya triora, was discovered in the park.
Its highest point, at 694 metres above sea level, is the Signal de Botrange near Eupen, and also the highest point in Belgium.
There is one major beach Parlee Beach which runs close.
Established in 1953, the park spans the municipalities of Hioki, Ichikikushikino, and Minamisatsuma.
The Great Salt Plains National Wildlife Refuge sits adjacent to the park and offers great bird watching and fall foliage viewing opportunities.
Plovers Lake has been declared a South African National Heritage Site.
The state park's first 75 acres were purchased by the state in 1920.
Worlds End State Park is a 780-acre Pennsylvania state park in Sullivan County, Pennsylvania, in the United States.
In its natural state, Rugezi has been playing a significant ecological, hydrological, socio-economical, historic, and recreational role in Rwanda.
Bamakuno Forest Park, or Bama Kuno, is a forest park in the Gambia.
Portages connect many of the common canoe routes.
The Refuge Complex Manager also administers the Mississippi Sandhill Crane National Wildlife Refuge and Bon Secour National Wildlife Refuge.
The Chief Minister of West Bengal Mamata Banerjee had laid the foundation stone for this project in November 2013.
The Tom Ridge Environmental Center at the entrance to the park allows visitors to learn more about the park and its ecology.
The park was formerly known as Fountainhead State Park.
Woodrum Lake WMA is located on 1,696 acres of hilly oak-hickory hardwood lots mixed with abandoned farmland.
It is part of the Meramec Greenway and Henry Shaw Ozark Corridor.
The Refuge is managed by the United States Fish and Wildlife Service.
The wilderness is about 12 miles long and 4 miles wide.
The site also offers a rare surface view of the Slitt Vein.
It covers the Quetrihué Peninsula on the shore of the Nahuel Huapi Lake in the province of Neuquén, 3 km from Villa la Angostura.
Several peaks in the Sierra Nevada are intervisible with Cerro Paramillo, a 3,730 m peak  in Antioquia Department.
In 1945 the tract, then called Grousehaven, was purchased by the Michigan Department of Conservation from Mrs. Jewett after her husband's death.
The park lies in the west, on the main road between Bulawayo and the Victoria Falls and near to Dete.
The Abokouamekro Game Reserve is a protected area located in Côte d'Ivoire.
Lake Murphysboro State Park is an Illinois state park on 1,022 acres in Jackson County, Illinois, United States.
Designated as a wilderness in 1984, the area is located within parts of Ashley National Forest and Uinta-Wasatch-Cache National Forest, managed by the U.S. Forest Service.
The park was donated to the Texas Parks and Wildlife Department in 1985 by Eileen Crain Sullivan to be developed as a state park.
Popham Beach State Park is a public recreation area covering 605 acres on the Atlantic Ocean in the town of Phippsburg, Sagadahoc County, Maine.
Within the Landscape Park are four nature reserves.
An ongoing project to save the wattle crane from extinction collects the second eggs produced by these birds for incubation.
It is bounded by the Reloncaví Estuary on its east and south sides, and by the Reloncaví Sound to the west.
Among mammalians, ringed seals, polar bears, and beluga whales can be found in the area.
The Bureau of Land Management is the responsible agency and is currently working on a Management Plan for the King Range Wilderness.
The area is named for Uncompahgre Peak, which at 14,309 feet is the highest peak in the San Juan Mountains.
Pittsfield State Forest is an 11,000-acre Massachusetts state forest located in the town of Pittsfield and managed by the Department of Conservation and Recreation.
In 1986 an association called the Naturpark Holsteinische Schweiz was founded.
This is one of the natural forests in Bangladesh that are still in good condition.
However, more recent geologic and archaeological evidence places the eruption around A.D. 1085.
The Wye Oak drew public attention in 1909, when Maryland State Forester Fred W. Besley made the first official measurement of the tree.
Gen. John J. Pershing Boyhood Home State Historic Site in Laclede, Missouri, is maintained by the Missouri Department of Natural Resources as a state historic site.
James Island is one of the San Juan Islands in San Juan County, Washington, United States.
The Battlefield is centered on the city of Petersburg, Virginia, and also includes outlying components in Hopewell, Prince George County, and Dinwiddie County.
John A. Minetto State Park is a Connecticut state park located in the town of Torrington.
The recreation area incorporates existing Dane County parks, and the site will be jointly managed by the state and the county.
The park is a fly-in park, and protects approximately 12,274 square kilometres of Arctic Lowlands at the northern end of the island.
Organ Pipe Cactus National Monument is 517 square miles in size.
It is a favorite spot to watch the migration of the Sandhill cranes in the fall.
The refuge is a living laboratory where current and past scientific research has been conducted.
Chutes Provincial Park is a recreation class provincial park in Sables-Spanish Rivers, Ontario near the community of Massey, Ontario, Canada.
Green sea turtles no longer nest on the island, but it is visited by numerous sea birds.
The northern and eastern border of the national park coincide with the international border to Tibet.
Mackay Island National Wildlife Refuge was established in 1960 to provide habitat for migratory waterfowl, primarily the greater snow goose.
The sanctuary lies in Udupi & Shivamogga districts of Karnataka, below Agumbe.
When the Park was created in 1995 it covered 199.62 km², although it is now only 194.39 km2, of which 185.31 km² is forest.
Over 250 species of birds in addition to the Attwater's prairie chicken have been observed in the refuge.
The park's abundance of historic structures led to its being added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2010.
The site is marked by Fort Salé, a remaining earthworks fortification from the French period of occupation, about 1617.
Is located in an area of moorland and sedimented banks.
Zec Forestville is managed by the "Association de Chasse et Pêche de Forestville inc", which is a non-profit organization.
Tents should not rise any higher than necessary, due to the possibility of strong winds.
It also has a small reservoir for swimming, the only lake in Rock County.
It is one of five protected landscape areas in the Ilocos Region under the Philippines' National Integrated Protected Areas System.
PAIS is the fourth designated national seashore in the United States.
It borders the Nordic House and the University of Iceland.
Also within the park is Penitentiary Hollow, a somewhat unusual geological feature which resembles a small canyon.
To protect the panther and other endangered inhabitants, general public use is only available at the southeast corner of the refuge, on designated hiking trails.
The Paleontological Site Arroio Cancela is located within the city of Santa Maria, a municipality of Rio Grande do Sul, the southernmost state of Brazil.
It attracted less than 4,700 people in that year.
They play an important role in the ecosystem and help stabilise the coastline around Libreville.
The largest rise to heights of over 100 feet and have circumferences of up to 20 feet.
Cát Bà National Park is a World Heritage Site designated as a biosphere reserve in northern Vietnam.
The dam at Leasburg was completed in 1908.
Lake Hudson State Recreation Area is a 2,796-acre state park located near Clayton, Lenawee County, Michigan.
There are just two tiny islands – hardly larger than sandbars – not enough to offer any real lee anchorage.
The Krokosua Hills Forest Reserve is found in Ghana.
In 2011, the park was added to the Primeval Beech Forests of the Carpathians and the Ancient Beech Forests of Germany World Heritage Site.
Set in a natural wetland of the Caribbean coast, it forms a corridor with another protected area, the Indio Maíz Biological Reserve of Nicaragua.
It also has campsites that have water and electric hook-ups and nearby access to restrooms and showers.
The two largest islands are Ko Lanta Noi and Ko Lanta Yai.
The main trails for visitors are at Nosy Mangabe, Tampolo/Ambodiforaha, Cap Est, and a several-day hike is possible across the peninsula.
The Reserve is one of the few places in Sierra Leone where the endangered forest elephant survives.
The Vassako Bolo Strict Nature Reserve is in the midst of the park.
The Louisville District of the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers designed, built, and operates Caesar Creek Lake.
The Juniper Dunes Wilderness is a protected wilderness area comprising 7,140 acres in Franklin County, Washington.
The Cibola's Sandia Ranger District also includes the Manzanita Mountains, which stretch south, between the Sandia and the Manzano Mountains.
Under the administration of the United States Forest Service, the Superior National Forest comprises over 3,900,000 acres of woods and waters.
The refuge is closed to the public.
The park encompasses 172 acres that are bordered on the west by 1,100-acre Pootatuck State Forest.
Established in 1956, the park spans the municipalities of Kami-Amakusa, Uki, and Uto.
Yatsugatake-Chūshin Kōgen Quasi-National Park is a quasi-national park on Honshū in Japan.
The main block of Robinson Forest contains approximately 10,000 contiguous acres while the remaining acreage is found in outlying tracts.
The Beech Fork Lake Dam and Marina are about a 20-mile drive from the park.
The number of caves discovered on Barra Honda Peak was 42 in 2005, which were rediscovered during the 1960s and 1970s.
The area around the Øksfjorden is a core area for moose on Hinnøya island.
Horsepen Lake Wildlife Management Area is owned and maintained by the Virginia Department of Game and Inland Fisheries.
Bohemian Switzerland, also known as Czech Switzerland, is a picturesque region in the north-western Czech Republic.
The ZEC is located even in administrative regions of the Bas-Saint-Laurent and Gaspésie-Îles-de-la-Madeleine.
That same year, it was combined administratively with the Bienville, De Soto and Homochitto national forests, known collectively as "National Forests in Mississippi."
Free camping is available at 11 different 'Yellow Post' campsites year round.
It is home to the Al Maha Desert Resort and Spa.
There are 256 glaciers in the reserve's boundaries.
In addition to the mansion and grounds, visitors may tour the overseer's house and slave quarters.
Today's state forest contains a state tree nursery, the 222-acre Ozark Hills Nature Preserve, and 22 miles of trails for hiking and equestrian use.
The lumber industry led to the clearcutting of the area in the 19th century.
Chakrashila Wildlife Sanctuary is a wildlife sanctuary falling under Dhubri and Kokrajhar districts of Assam, India.
The wilderness area now has a total of 9,027 acres.
The Vietnam Veterans Memorial is a 2-acre national memorial in Washington, D.C.
The territory of hunting and recreative fishing of 838 km2 is managed by the "Corporation d'exploitation des ressources fauniques Vallée-de-la-Matapédia".
The Continental Divide creates the western boundary of the wilderness.
Established in 1958, the park spans the municipalities of Sayō and Shisō.
The entire area falls within the North Pennines Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty.
The nearby Leadman Group of islands one km east is often considered part of the Slate Islands.
Although the first priority in forming the protected area was to protect the coral reefs, it also serves to protect vulnerable and endemic species.
Osprey nest in the refuge's cottonwoods, and bald eagles are seen in the area in fall and winter.
The site is of great archeological and cultural importance even though only a very small portion of the city has been uncovered and studied.
It was established in 1938 as a refuge breeding ground for migratory birds and other wildlife.
The Upper Delaware Scenic and Recreational River is located near Narrowsburg, New York, and Lackawaxen, Pennsylvania, on the Delaware River.
Quaddick State Forest is a Connecticut state forest located in the town of Thompson north of Quaddick State Park.
to develop sustainable sources of income for the members of Santa Lucía.
The Zittau Mountain Nature Park is a nature park in Germany, created in 2008.
Sobibór Landscape Park is a protected area created in Lublin Voivodeship, eastern Poland in 1983.
The centerpiece of the park is 1.5 miles of churning rapids, some up to Class IV.
The effect of the cyclists on trampers and the wildlife will determine whether the trial continues or not.
The refuge was established to protect habitat for migratory bird species, white-tail deer and other mammals.
Live historic interpreters, wearing period-style clothing, populate the park during summer operations.
That Fort & Bridge form one of the best and strongest field fortifications ever erected against Indians."
This spring-fed stream is a fishing destination for its native brook trout, and introduced brown trout.
Most of the wildlife refuge is made up of reclaimed agricultural land.
The forest supports a variety of wildlife, including beaver, moose, coyote, black bear, and white tailed deer.
Fox Ridge State Park is an Illinois state park on 2,064 acres in Coles County, Illinois, United States.
The Michigan Department of Natural Resources, Wildlife Division, oversees day-to-day management of these three areas through a partnership with the U.S.
Bald Eagle State Park is at the meeting point of two distinct geologic features.
BC Highway 93 follows the path of both rivers through the park.
Many refuge wetlands occur naturally; others are created by dikes and levees.
The park features several dune areas, picnic areas and playgrounds, as well as views of Holland Harbor and the Holland Harbor Light.
First designated for protection in 1940, the park is within the municipality of Ishinomaki and centres upon Mount Asahi.
The reservation receives over 20,000 visitors a year.
It was declared a national park on 14 September 1987 as the 55th national park of Thailand.
Glaciers have carved the hard gabbro rock massifs of the Jotunheimen, leaving numerous valleys and the many peaks.
Avaste nature reserve consists of forests, fens, bogs and meadows.
There is fishing allowed all year round.
The refuge is part of the Wisconsin Islands Wilderness Area, and as such it is off-limits to the public to preserve the habitat of the islands.
Henry Schoolcraft determined Lake Itasca as the river's source in 1832.
The park borders the Meramec Conservation Area.
Unfortunately, proposed massive and unregulated real-estate developments constitute a grave threat to the Camaronal Wildlife Refuge.
The park is a popular location for camping, canoeing and kayaking.
The avifauna reported are geese, egrets, North African ostriches, herons, pelicans, Saddle-billed storks and ibis.
For many years, this region was known as 'The Burnt Lands'.
The upper course of the Chinchaga River, which forms the Park's northern border, is a provincially Environmentally Significant Area.
The structure is dedicated to the Easton area men and women who have served or are serving in the United States armed forces.
It is designed for leisurely cruises, and a speed limit of 5 mph is enforced by lifeguards.
The park is located at the west end of Provo Center Street on the east shore of Utah Lake immediately northwest of the Provo Municipal Airport.
The district ranger for the HSNF is headquartered in Oxford, Mississippi.
This area is often referred to as "God's Country" by residents.
Near the viewpoint is one of the fields of the Siam tulip, called "Dok Kra Jiao" in Thai.
At 1,600,000 acres, it is the third largest unit of the National Park System in the contiguous United States.
It includes 22 acres of beaches and recreational areas.
In the forested hills on the north side of the reserve, conifers such as Douglas fir predominate.
Access is possible down the hill district Corneşti Visia, or "Pit" Ipătescu Ana neighborhood.
Within West Pomeranian Voivodeship it includes parts of Gmina Pełczyce and Gmina Barlinek and Gmina Nowogródek Pomorski.
It is home to the globally rare Big Cedar Creek millipede, known only from the preserve and several nearby locations.
Sauble Falls Provincial Park is located in the community of Sauble Falls, town of South Bruce Peninsula, Bruce County in southwestern Ontario, Canada.
It is a 5×3 mile coral atoll rising up from 6,000 ft deep surrounding waters.
In 1970 the Refuge was designated as wilderness.
It was established in 1956 and covers 712 square kilometres.
Surrounded by the Mediterranean, the Park is also rich in historical, artistic, and archaeological values.
Logging occurs in the lowland and hill forests.
The Park was established in 1998, and covers an area of 543.95 square kilometres.
Kitty Coleman Provincial Park, also known as Kitty Coleman Beach Provincial Park, is a provincial park in British Columbia, Canada.
There is a year-round campground, restrooms with showers and an RV dump station.
Improvements include numerous parking areas, a boat launch, and a picnic shelter.
It is centered on the spring that flows into the Niangua River and gives the park its name.
Sessions were held at the location until 1798.
Little Indian Creek WMA was purchased at a cost of $388,500 in late 2006.
Guests may stay at one of four upland cabins or park among the 81 recreational-vehicle sites.
Highest elevation point is Brushy Sky High at 3,176 feet.
It runs mostly along the spine of the Blue Ridge, a major mountain chain that is part of the Appalachian Mountains.
Julia Pfeiffer Burns State Park is a state park in California, 12 miles south of Pfeiffer Big Sur State Park on California's Pacific coast.
Wilderness courses are offered to teach wilderness skills in a semi-wilderness setting.
To hide her guilt, she throws the baby from the bridge.
It features a gigantic ravine, in total about 100 miles long, up to 27 km wide and in places almost 550 meters deep.
The park was authorized in 2000, the centennial of the Wisconsin state park system.
It is also the only State Park in Louisiana with tennis courts.
In 2007, Deer Creek Marsh WMA was designated as part of a New York Natural Heritage Area, the "Eastern Lake Ontario Barrier Beach and Wetland Complex".
The Northern Sierra Madre Natural Park is the largest protected area of the Philippines covering the northern range of the Sierra Madre mountains of eastern Luzon.
Both of these camps were set up in 1859 as response to a border controversy triggered by the killing of a pig.
Remnant flora grow as reminders of the vast Arctic steppe tundra that once bridged present-day Alaska and Asia.
Generally, the harshest winters have the largest concentrations of eagles, as they prefer to be near to a readily available food source to maximize calorie intake.
It is home to a variety of rainforest types including lowland Andean, pre-montane, bamboo and high terrace forests.
Tex Creek Wildlife Management Area at 34,000 acres is an Idaho wildlife management area in Bonneville County east of Idaho Falls.
Kanha National Park was created on 1 June 1955 and in 1973 was made the Kanha Tiger Reserve.
The first work carried out was at Topoxte, an island within the lake of Yaxha.
83 species of animals are regarded as endangered.
Its main geographical feature is Mount Haku.
Two major lakes, Bluff with 1,200 acres and Loakfoma with 600 acres provide much of the wetlands within Noxubee.
Purchase of the land began in 1926, when it became the first state forest located in New London County.
In 1989, the forest was nearly destroyed by Hurricane Hugo; only the young growth survived the storm and its aftermath.
The name Tantiusques comes from a Nipmuc word meaning “the place between two low hills."
Vyzhnytsia National Nature Park is a protected area in south-western Ukraine which administration is located in the town Berehomet.
Yoho covers 1,313 km2 and it is the smallest of the four contiguous national parks.
MTNF is divided into six distinct ranger districts: Ava-Cassville-Willow Springs, Eleven Point, Houston-Rolla, Cedar Creek, Poplar Bluff, Potosi-Fredericktown, and the Salem.
Camas Prairie Centennial Marsh Wildlife Management Area at 3,100 acres is an Idaho wildlife management area in Camas County south of the community of Hill City.
The reserve is 14,123 ha in extent and is managed together with another 16,532 ha of privately owned proclaimed mountain catchment land.
This 163,120-acre wilderness was established in 1994, and is managed by the Bureau of Land Management.
The same methane pocket seeps gas through a mud hole to create the "Bubbling Geyser" nearby.
The park features a selection of twenty-six vacation cabins.
The park is open from 8:00 am till sundown year-round.
ʻAkaka Falls State Park is a state park on Hawaiʻi Island, in the U.S. state of Hawaii.
The interior is hilly with Mount Asama-ga-take the highest peak.
Cross Ranch State Park is a 589-acre public recreation area on the west bank of the Missouri River in Oliver County, North Dakota.
About 3,000 people live in about 20 village enclaves within the Park.
Established in 1967, the 1,160-acre state park features utility camping, cabins and a beach.
Tours of Turtle Cove are available from St. John and St. Thomas.
The monument is intended as a protection for these lands and sites from and for visitors to see and appreciate for generations to come.
The headquarters lies 13 miles south of Natchez, Mississippi.
Pan de Azúcar National Park is a national park of Chile.
Most of the steam locomotives and other railroad equipment at Steamtown NHS were originally collected by F. Nelson Blount, a millionaire seafood processor from New England.
At the northern end of the refuge, in the black dirt wetlands, the refuge manages a series of waterfowl impoundments for migratory waterfowl and shorebirds.
The remaining part of CHKO Pálava is used agriculturally, with many sustainably farmed vineyards that are a part of the wine subregion Mikulovská.
Currently the Site encompasses 12,583 acres of which 2,385 acres are federally owned.
Cape Ōma, the northernmost point of Honshū
Park facilities include a visitors center, marina, boat ramps, campsites, cabins, picnic sites and 5.5 miles of hiking trails.
The state park is centered on Spring Lake, an 8.5-mile long alluvial lake that lies parallel to the Illinois River.
The topography of the park is mountainous, with the highest point being Cerro Galicia at 1,600 metres.
The preserve includes scenic vistas, ledges, woodlands, a northern bog, and Spirit Falls, a 30 foot waterfall.
Black ducks, mallards, Canada and snow geese, and other waterfowl use the marshes and open water found in and around the area.
The wilderness boundary encloses the Three Sisters as well as Broken Top, which is southeast of South Sister.
Mound Key was an important site of the Calusa tribe, and most experts believe it to be the site of their capital, Calos.
The refuge is located 3 miles west of the Mississippi River near the city of Turrell, Arkansas.
Moquah Barrens Research Natural Area is located with the Chequamegon.
The eastern half of the refuge was designated as wilderness by Congress in 1968, making it the first wilderness area within the Department of the Interior.
Other major bodies of water on the refuge are Devil's Kitchen Lake and Little Grassy Lake.
There are hopes of eventually connecting with the North Bend Rail Trail in West Virginia.
There are seven species of primates in Nokrek.
The immediate area of the petroglyphs has been designated a National Historic Site of Canada.
Tarangire National Park is the sixth largest national park in Tanzania, it is located in Manyara Region.
Operated by Parks Canada, Waterton is open all year, but the main tourist season is during July and August.
The 3.5-mile Alakaʻi Swamp trail is often shrouded in mist.
Covering over 42,000 square kilometres, it is the largest protected area in the country.
Harriet is remembered for her work in documenting the monuments of Delhi and for her notes at the time of the Revolt of 1857 in India.
It consists of several miles of forest and stretches along the Atlantic Ocean.
Petkeljärvi National Park is a national park in Ilomantsi in the North Karelia region of Finland.
Dart Island State Park is a public recreation area comprising an undeveloped 19-acre sandbar island in the Connecticut River that is only accessible by boat.
The national park comprises the westernmost part of the so-called Nuuksio lake highlands.
The area was primarily set aside for watershed protection and timber production in 1937 covering approximately 356 hectares.
The Vânători-Neamț Natural Park is situated in north-east Romania, in Neamţ County.
It includes the Mudumalai, Mukurthi, Nagarhole, and Bandipur national parks, as well as the Wayanad and Sathyamangalam wildlife sanctuaries.
The land was purchased in 1990 by the Missouri Department of Conservation from the heirs of the Reinken Estates.
The site of a geothermal energy plant which uses the large underground heated reservoir to provide electricity.
On the southern edge of the area lies Mount Creek; its drainage, aided by beavers, is the primary wetland for the area.
Tsue Sankei Prefectural Natural Park is a Prefectural Natural Park in western Ōita Prefecture, Japan.
The centre of this area is at the confluence of the Chobe River and Zambezi River where the borders of Botswana, Namibia, Zambia and Zimbabwe meet.
It is managed by the Louisville Nature Center, which is located on the west side of the preserve in a building which opened in 1997.
Anykščiai Regional Park covers 15,485 hectares in northeastern Lithuania near the city of Anykščiai.
Habitats at Cassop Vale include grassland, scrub, woodland and wetland, the last fed by spring-lines.
These missions formed part of a colonization system that stretched across the Spanish Southwest in the 17th, 18th, and 19th centuries.
The canyons have much exposure of clay, over which water often seeps.
They are older than the Himalayan mountain range and are clothed in ancient forests.
The reserve is made up of salt marshes, maritime forests and beach dune areas.
The park is 8 miles west of the state capital on the outskirts of the city of Eagle.
The park is known for its beautiful plant life.
Boyd Park is affiliated with the Kortright Centre and all full-time Boyd staff take up work at Kortright over the winter season.
Planned activities include: a campgrounds, indoor and outdoor group campgrounds, playground, and an amphitheater.
The Black Mesa is the southernmost section of the Black Mountains of western Mohave County, in northwest Arizona.
The Volcanic Legacy Scenic Byway is an All-American Road in the U.S. states of California and Oregon.
Existing ownership lies in Little Falls Township and Agram Township in Morrison County.
Other raptors such as the red-tailed hawk, Swainson's hawk, northern harrier, American kestrel, great horned owl, and golden eagle can be seen.
Due to this development it is today an area little affected by human activities, a mosaic of deep forests, meadows and forests.
Notable physical features are small streams, cypress-tupelo swamps, and both upland and bottomland hardwood forests.
Davis Mountains State Park is a 2,709-acre state park located in the Davis Mountains in Jeff Davis County, Texas.
They merge with the Little Tarkio Creek just south of the refuge in a man made ditch leading five miles to the Missouri River.
It was established on June 29, 1954 and is maintained by Alberta Tourism, Parks and Recreation.
It includes approximately 600 feet of frontage on the Withlacoochee River and offers walking and hiking trails.
Pingüino de Humboldt National Reserve is a nature reserve located a short distance off the coast of mainland Chile.
The wildlife management area is divided into two parts centered on 5.5-acre Dixon Lake and 14.5-acre Mason Lake, named for nearby Mason–Dixon line.
Raptors such as peregrine falcons, rough-legged hawks, gyr falcons and golden eagles nest along the steep walls of river canyons.
The park is situated in the Canadian Rockies foothills, at an elevation of 1,150 m to 1,300 m and has a surface of 93 km2.
Holmes County State Park is a state park in the U.S. state of Mississippi located off U.S. Route 51 approximately 4 miles south of Durant.
Pangolakha Wildlife Sanctuary is a wildlife reserve in the East Sikkim district of the state of Sikkim in India.
The geological history of Point Lobos, regarding the Point Lobos headland on the Central Coast in Monterey County, California|Monterey County]], California.
The Lower Klamath National Wildlife Refuge is a National Wildlife Refuge of the United States on the border between California and Oregon.
In winter, many of its roads and trails are groomed for cross country skiing.
A parking lot and a picnic area are available for public use during the day.
Established in 1961, the park is within the municipality of Hakodate on the Oshima Peninsula.
Fort William Henry Harrison is the Montana National Guard training facility.
Cloonee and Inchiquin Loughs, Uragh Wood is the name of a Natura 2000 site in a valley in Tuosist, County Kerry, Ireland.
The depth of the river can vary depending on the time of the year.
Tree species featured in the two galleries include tamarind trees and Madagascar ocotillo, among many others.
The Park was established in 1992, and covers an area of 99.82 square kilometres.
The eastern basin is the deepest, at 35 feet, and has a primarily sand/gravel bottom.
Mocho-Choshuenco National Reserve has no park guards or any public infrastructure.
The monument includes 20,500 acres, much of which has been recommended to Congress for designation as wilderness.
Folgefonna is a collective term for three glaciers in the park.
Kīlauea Point National Wildlife Refuge is a National Wildlife Refuge on the northwest coast of the island of Kauaʻi in Hawaiʻi.
Supervised eco-tourism and regulated commercial fishing is allowed on and near the island.
A park survey lists at least 500 species of butterflies and 235 birds.
Cherokee Landing State Park is a 146-acre Oklahoma state park located in Cherokee County, Oklahoma.
It is administered by the Bureau of Land Management.
The Brule formation is protected by an overlying layer of sandstone and conglomerate sediments called the Arikaree formation, which are more resistant to weathering.
The sanctuary is part of the Nilgiri Biosphere Reserve.
Several special events take place in this place, such as the Pirate Festival, triathlon, the "Seaside Invitational" cross country meet and volleyball tournaments.
In the southwest is the Shelp Lake unit, containing some of the largest and oldest trees in the national forest.
Upper Madawaska River Provincial Park is a waterway-class provincial park on the Madawaska River in Nipissing District, Ontario, Canada.
One of the most remote regions in all of Japan, much of the peninsula is only accessible on foot or by boat.
The park provides two Visitors Center and Eco Lodges, one in the community of Jutiapa and the other in the community of El Rosario.
The park includes the Cape Florida Light, the oldest standing structure in Greater Miami.
No public roads lead into the area, there are no marked paths for travelers, and the area only has four wilderness huts.
Askot Musk Deer Sanctuary is located 54 km from Pithoragarh near Askot in Uttarakhand state of India.
It is divided into three major sections: the North Kaibab Ranger District and the South Kaibab and are managed by the United States Forest Service.
It used to be the site of a waste water treatment works but is now protected within the Lourens River Protected Natural Environment.
The area is ecologically diverse, featuring hardwood forests as well as various types of wetlands, fields, and meadows.
Lille Vildmose is a raised bog also known as the East Himmerland Moor in the hinterland in the municipalities of Aalborg and Mariagerfjord, Denmark.
Glass bottom boat tours of the spring and river operate all year.
Balcones Canyonlands is a national wildlife refuge located in the Texas Hill Country to the northwest of Austin.
The reserve is home for the rare Heptner's markhor.
It is a habitat for various species of animal and plant.
The main road passing through the area is Norwegian National Road 41.
The name "Tu-Endie-Wei" refers to the Wyandot Indian phrase meaning "the point between two waters" in English.
To the east the forest borders Yellowstone National Park, Grand Teton National Park and Bridger-Teton National Forest.
The park set a visitation record in 2016, surpassing 5 million visitors for the first time in its history.
The valley and adjacent mountains have been valuable for hunting, animal trapping, and fishing for centuries.
Today, the refuge is home to around 30 mammal species, including white-tailed deer, beavers, opossums, raccoons, fox squirrels, muskrats and coyotes.
Shenipsit State Forest is a state forest located in northeastern Connecticut with 11 parcels scattered between the towns of Somers, Ellington, and Stafford.
The Sturgeon River Gorge Wilderness is a 14,729-acre unit within the Ottawa National Forest.
RV sites include electric, water, and sewer service.
Streams in the range are fed primarily by snowmelt and snowmelt mixed with driving rainfall.
Center Branch is located along Turkey Run, a tributary of Elk Creek and the West Fork River.
Pitaung Wildlife Reserve is a wildlife reserve of Burma.
It borders 13 miles of Lake Superior shoreline.
Included in the park is a First Nations archaeological site, which is operated and maintained by Metro Vancouver Regional Parks.
Created by the California Wilderness Act of 1984, it is located in the Sierra Nevada mountains west of Lake Tahoe in California, USA.
Located on Bogue Banks near Atlantic Beach, the park opened in 1936.
The Sapphire Mountains are a range of mountains located in southwestern Montana in the northwestern United States.
It covers 1462.80 km2, from two spurs of the eastern range of the Andes to the basins of the Nangaritza, Numbala, and Loyola rivers.
Educators can call the museum for information on curriculum based educational programs for Grades 1 to 12 and college level.
Although camping is unrestricted, wood is scarce and campfires are discouraged.
Foss State Park has an equestrian camp with a multi-purpose trail for horseback riding, hiking and mountain biking.
It was established on July 20, 1965 and is maintained by Alberta Tourism, Parks and Recreation.
County Road 104 runs through the park.
The park derives its name from the Great Basin, the dry and mountainous region between the Sierra Nevada and the Wasatch Mountains.
Beamer Memorial Conservation Area is located on the Niagara Escarpment in Grimsby, Ontario, Canada and is owned and operated by the Niagara Peninsula Conservation Authority.
Tsukigase-Kōnoyama Prefectural Natural Park is a Prefectural Natural Park in northeast Nara Prefecture, Japan.
Boheman Bird Sanctuary is a bird reserve in Svalbard, Norway, established in 1973.
The 44-acre park was established in 1933.
After many decades of unrestricted clear-cut logging, serious efforts toward conservation began.
Roads are primitive and passable only during those periods of dry weather.
The project, founded in 1994, started with over 300 Guatemalan workers and 12 scientists.
One of the largest elk herds in the United States calls the wilderness home, and it also boasts a healthy population of bighorn sheep.
Sixteen endangered species including Schaus' swallowtail butterflies, smalltooth sawfish, manatees, and green and hawksbill sea turtles may be observed in the park.
There are 25 kilometres of trails taking visitors to dikes, two observation towers, a marsh viewing mound, and a boardwalk.
The Second Division Memorial is located in President's Park, between 17th Street Northwest and Constitution Avenue in Washington, DC, United States.
Mae Ping National Park is located at the southern end of the Thanon Thong Chai Range, in Lamphun, Tak, and Chiang Mai Provinces in northern Thailand.
For more information visit the Lake Claiborne State Park Facebook Page.
The surrounding area contains mountain laurel, rhododendron, and oak and hickory trees.
Doe Island State Park is a Washington state park lying just southeast of Orcas Island in San Juan County, accessible only by water.
The forest's highest point is at 12,276 ft. at the top of Mount Adams, the second tallest volcano in the state after Rainier.
Much of the old growth forest in this region was destroyed by logging in the early part of the 20th century.
The dunes are estimated to be between 10,000 and 15,000 years old.
The Loyalist defeat ended British plans for an invasionary force to land in Brunswick Town, North Carolina.
These include Sharon, Canaan, Cornwall, and North Canaan.
The hot springs flow from the western slope of Hot Springs Mountain, part of the Ouachita Mountain range.
These plant communities are rare to this coastal plain ecosystem.
Park amenities include a walking trail, Knight's pond, wildlife watching, native plants, views of the Wallowa Mountains, parking, and a restroom.
With the 250,000 dollars raised, the National Wildlife Federation then purchased the land and donated it to the U.S. Government and the U.S.
The park is one of five protected areas in the province of Aurora.
Hutovo Blato is a nature reserve and bird reserve located in Bosnia and Herzegovina.
The base of the pillar is approximately 1 acre.
George Knudson suggested leaving your clubs behind and just walking the course.
The last loggings were made in the beginning of the 20th century.
The Glassberg Family Conservation Area is located within the watershed of the Meramec River, primarily in the watershed of LaBarque Creek.
The Thungyai Naresuan Wildlife Sanctuary is a protected area in Thailand in the northern part of Kanchanaburi Province and the southern part of Tak Province.
The Suakin Archipelago is a large group of islets found in Sudan in the Red Sea, which has been proposed for IUCN category II, national park.
The refuge is located between the cities of Buffalo and Rochester and is operated by the United States Fish and Wildlife Service.
The wilderness extends from State Route 20 north to the Canada–US border.
Dovrefjell–Sunndalsfjella National Park is a National Park in Norway.
Thung Salaeng Luang National Park is a 1,262 km2 national park in Phitsanulok and Phetchabun Provinces of Thailand.
The park is under the administration of the Cambodian Ministry of Environment.
It is located on California State Route 1 north of the village of Caspar, 5 miles equidistant between the towns of Mendocino and Fort Bragg.
The Erie National Wildlife Refuge is an 8,777-acre National Wildlife Refuge located in Crawford County, Pennsylvania.
The WMA was established in 1947 when the Chapman Ranch was acquired with federal funds.
After contentious hearings, the state authorized Nestlé to move forward, and tax incentives were approved for Nestlé's construction of a bottling plant.
Słupia Valley Landscape Park is a protected area in northern Poland.
This region is also popular with artesnal/local fishermen.
In 1965, the National Park Service designated the BCCS a National Natural Landmark.
Species of birds include the curlew, lapwing turnstone, bar-tailed godwit and Brent goose.
North Peninsula State Park is a Florida State Park, located north of Ormond-By-The-Sea and east of the Bulow Plantation Ruins Historic State Park, off A1A.
Eleven local government areas out of which ten fall within Oyo State and one in Kwara State surround it.
has comparable biodiversity to other centres of endemism in the Cameroon-Nigeria highlands region.
The state operates numerous campgrounds and there are over 300 miles of multi-use trails.
Recreational opportunities at Great Salt Plains State Park include boating, camping, picnicking, swimming, hiking, mountain biking and exploring.
William Brainerd died in 1936, the buildings were later dismantled, but the Brainard Homestead State Park was established prior to May 1, 1932.
The Guadalupe-Nipomo Dunes is owned by a number of federal, state, and local agencies, and private companies, organizations and individuals.
It covers an area of 840 square kilometers.
The park was created for the conservation, restoration and sustainable use of natural landscapes of Bukovyna Carpathian with its unique historical and cultural complexes.
The forest on the Breite Park plateau is the highest in the Saxon region and in most of Central and Eastern Europe.
The cave protects an historically important Pre-Columbian archaeological site dating back to as early as 10,000 years ago.
Beskydy Protected Landscape Area is the largest Landscape Protected Area in the Czech Republic.
Osage Hills State Park is a 1,100-acre Oklahoma state park It is located in eastern Osage County, Oklahoma.
The facility is open for day use and overnight camping from mid-May to mid-September.
Inks Lake State Park is a state park located in Burnet County, Texas, United States, next to Inks Lake on the Colorado River.
The entrance fee is $1 per person.
These include the Verde River Trail, which follows the river for about 28 miles and the Mazatzal Divide Trail, which runs north–south for about 29 miles.
Many campsites have direct views of the lake and lighthouses.
Windy Cove closes at the hour posted at the entrance road to Windy Cove.
Because of its archaeological, ethnological and geological characteristics, the entire site is one of the most imposing in West Africa.
Then the protected area was upgraded to a national park on October 31 of 1980.
The Alamosa National Wildlife Refuge is an 11,169-acre United States National Wildlife Refuge located in southern Colorado.
The six ranger districts actually comprise nine overall unique tracts of forests.
The Heritage Hill Corporation operates, maintains and develops the park under terms of a lease with the DNR.
In descending order of forestland area, it occupies lands within Crook, Harney, Wheeler, and Grant counties.
As of 2009, this Liberty ship is well on its way to being reduced to dust.
Visitors are encouraged to minimize their food waste during meals, and leftover food is composted via a vermiculture program.
The remainder of the area has a mixed hardwood-softwood cover with some small pockets of white pine between ledges near the northern boundary.
The grassland lies in eastern Ransom and western Richland counties, about 12 miles east of the city of Lisbon.
U.S. Wilderness Areas do not allow motorized or mechanized vehicles, including bicycles.
Rollins State Park is a state park in Warner, New Hampshire.
In December 1974, it was designated a National Natural Landmark.
The Tamou Total Reserve is a nature reserve in the southwest of Niger.
During the 13th ASEAN Ministerial Meeting on the Environment in 2015, the Timpoong and Hibok-Hibok monument was formally declared an ASEAN Heritage Park.
The first and oldest version is set in the late 19th century when settlers were traveling through the area.
The refuge is managed by staff at the Horicon National Wildlife Refuge, in Mayville, Wisconsin.
River canyon walls drop below the refuge on three sides.
It comprises 1.8 million acres along the east side of the Cascade Range.
The park is located to the southwest of the island group's capital, Road Town.
Administrative offices are located in Van Buren.
Established in 1997, it covers an area of 423 square kilometres out of a total protected area of 643 square kilometres.
A boardwalk trail circles the lake, protecting the environment while allowing access.
More than a century later, gold and legends of Old West mining continue to fascinate historians.
The altitudes within the reserve range from 1,045 to 1,750 m
The area has traditionally been difficult to access and therefore the traces of human influence are very limited.
It is located 32 km south of Lephalale, just northeast of the Marakele National Park and not far from the Lapalala Game Reserve.
Its bio-ecological zone is in Chittagong Hills and Chittagong Hill Tracts.
Established in July 15, 1959, it is 16,700 km2.
St. Croix State Park is a state park in Pine County, Minnesota, USA.
Similar small isolated areas, called Lomas, are found scattered up and down the Peruvian and Chilean coast of the Pacific Ocean.
The park is closed during the late fall and winter.
The reserve has an area of about 3680 acres.
The park is a haven for bird watching with the park's over 200 species of birds, including the American bald eagle.
The park was established after a private owner sold 38 acres at the spring in 2000.
The wilderness also contains the Indian Heaven volcanic field.
Tybee National Wildlife Refuge - Established 1938
It commemorates the life of former slave Harriet Tubman, who became an activist in the Underground Railroad prior to the American Civil War.
Phu Phra Bat Buabok is a forest park in Ban Phue District, Udon Thani Province, northeast Thailand.
The range is in the Departments of Magdalena, Cesar and La Guajira.
The lower portions of the buttes are composed of relatively soft, clay-rich sedimentary rock called the Brule formation.
The reserve was created around Peñuelas Lake, a freshwater reservoir that provides drinking water to Valparaíso and Viña del Mar.
Frozen Camp Wildlife Management Area is located on 2,587 acres in Jackson County near Ripley, West Virginia.
It closes when the lake ices over and reopens when it thaws.
The camp was later bought by Jimmy Tebeau, a concert promoter who held a series of concerts at the site named "Schwagstock".
The name means “Remote from the Ordinary World”—a reference to its somewhat isolated position in the very center of South Korea.
The larger Phipps-Death Hollow Outstanding Natural Area, a Bureau of Land Management wilderness study area, is adjacent to the wilderness on the south.
The topography of this area ranges from flat, gently rolling drift prairie to the Missouri Coteau hills in the western end of the district.
The major feature of the park is Bear Creek Canyon and its generous sandstone outcroppings.
It was established on November 21, 1932 and is maintained by Alberta Tourism, Parks and Recreation.
Fires Creek is a recreational area located in the Nantahala National Forest in Clay County, North Carolina.
Canoe, kayaks and paddleboats are available for rental.
The sanctuary stretches over 186 square km of undulating country and steep hills with dense tropical forests and grass meadows.
The park was chartered by the United States Congress in 1934 and officially dedicated by President Franklin Delano Roosevelt in 1940.
Belmont Mound State Park is a state park of Wisconsin, United States, containing Belmont Mound, a 400-foot hill topped by a 64-foot observation tower.
Hutton Lake National Wildlife Refuge is located in southern Albany County in the U.S. state of Wyoming and includes 1,968 acres.
Doi Lang, located within the park, is an excellent area for birdwatching.
Þingvellir National Park was founded in 1930, marking the one-thousandth anniversary of the Althing.
The Parque Nacional de Sierra Nevada is a national park located in the provinces of Granada, Almería, and Málaga in Andalusia, Spain.
The La Sal Mountains are the second highest mountain range in Utah after the Uintas.
Longfellow-Evangeline State Historic Site, located in St. Martinville, Louisiana, showcases the cultural significance of the Bayou Teche region.
The Lost Creek Wilderness is a 119,790-acre wilderness area located in central Colorado in Jefferson and Park counties south of the town of Bailey.
It encompasses 580 acres of old growth forest and five miles of interpretive trail along the Salmon River.
The trail was built by the Youth Conservation Corps.
The region is in the east and southeast of the Mojave Desert of Arizona, southern Nevada, and California.
Pilancones Natural Park is located in San Bartolomé de Tirajana municipality on the island of Gran Canaria, Spain.
Activities include fishing, and boating, bicycling, canoeing, and wildlife viewing.
It is located off U.S. Highway 90 on the south side of Gautier.
The Aïr and Ténéré Addax Sanctuary is a nature reserve in the north center of the nation of Niger.
It was created in 1972 covering an area of forest, and there are no public facilities at the reserve.
The park protects a section of the Pra River, Lake Beloye, and associated wetlands and forests.
These dunes are the tallest in the world, in places rising more than 300 meters above the desert floor.
The area is managed for migratory waterfowl, and other wildlife includes raptors and small game animals.
Later in 1997 the Sabah State Assembly gazetted the Basin as a Protection Forest Reserve with a total area of 588 square kilometres.
Ackley Lake State Park is a public recreation area located six miles southwest of the community of Hobson, Montana.
In the 20th century the area was popular with Inuvialuit due to the large numbers of foxes.
Ziwa Rhino Sanctuary is a private, non-profit, animal sanctuary in Uganda.
Restored in the 1970s, one wing contains the recreated schoolmaster's office and library, which also features a video theater and museum exhibits about the college.
Unlike traditional national parks, MISS is not a major land owner and therefore does not have control over land use.
Established in 1978, Panther Swamp National Wildlife Refuge encompasses 38,697 acres.
It includes a variety of habitats, such as open water, mudflats, wetlands, and uplands.
A short list of sought-after bird species resident to Ndumo:
The tent rocks themselves are cones of soft pumice and tuff beneath harder caprocks, and vary in height from a few feet to 90 feet.
The 9.69-square-kilometre site was established in 1947 and covers areas of reed bed, lowland heath, lowland wet grassland, and shingle vegetation.
It is part of the Town of Friendship.
The name Phetra is a Thai corruption of its original Malay name, Pulau Petra.
The core area measures 21,318 ha and the protective belt 21,698 ha.
It was established in 1906 as the Taunggyi Wildlife Reserve and was redesignated as a Bird Sanctuary in 1989.
The earliest documented visitors to the island dates to the year 240 when Native Americans lived on the island.
Each forest has distinct biological, topographical, and geological differences.
A variety of plants and animals can be found year round, along with extremely cold water.
Established in 1960, it straddles the Green River for 12 miles, and covers 11,987 acres.
From Schilling Lake, the Bridle Trail leads to Old La Honda Road.
Today, Agassiz is composed of 37,400 acres of wetlands, 11,650 acres of shrublands, 9,900 acres of forestland, 1,710 acres of grassland, and 150 acres of cropland.
The park is settled within the hills of Verdigris River valley in southeast Kansas.
There are several nature trails in the National Park, which are not very demanding and have information boards on the area’s natural features and culture.
In 1966 Congress accepted Mrs. Shouse's gift and authorized Wolf Trap Farm Park as the first national park for the performing arts.
White Goat is located near the west end and north side of Canadian Highway 11 and slightly north of the Siffleur Wilderness area.
Located in the valley of the Maquoketa River, it is approximately three miles south of Strawberry Point in Delaware County.
Visitors can explore the park's waterways by boat, but there is no boat ramp as yet.
It is located 38 km northwest of downtown Toronto, about 4 km west of Highway 400.
It adjoins the Upper Teesdale SSSI to the south, and the Middle Crossthwaite and Stonygill Meadows SSSIs are nearby.
It is situated on 2,411-acre Jackson reservoir and was built in the early 20th century.
The area surrounds 210 acres DiSalvo Lake.
On August 2, 2005, President George W. Bush gave final approval for the site.
It is also a Ramsar internationally important wetland site, a Special Area of Conservation, a Special Protection Area and a Nature Conservation Review site.
The former Springfield Wildlife Management Area was located on approximately 1,700 acres in Hampshire County near Springfield, West Virginia.
The Park lies within Pomeranian Voivodeship, in Kościerzyna County.
Located around 85 km north of the capital Yerevan, the park was founded in 1931 by Polish engineer-forester Edmund Leonowicz.
Commonly seen mammalian wildlife species include mule deer and red fox.
The state forest supports a large variety of outdoor recreation activities including camping, hiking, snowmobiling, bicycling, boating, fishing, hunting, and birdwatching.
The park is part of the larger Seminole Canyon Archeological District on the National Register of Historic Places listings in Val Verde County, Texas.
Considerable damage to public infrastructure occurred as a result of storms during the 2004 and 2005 Atlantic hurricane seasons.
The park is managed by the Washington State Parks and Recreation Commission.
It is located near the confluence of the Grand and Missouri Rivers.
In 1997, Sundarban was recognized as UNESCO World Heritage Site.
Bluewater Lake State Park is a state park of New Mexico, United States, located in the Zuni Mountains 30 miles west of Grants.
There are dry forests at lower elevations and cloud forests at higher elevations.
It houses 612 vegetable species and 227 wildlife ones.
There are only pit toilets available, and no hook-up or sani-station for motorhomes.
The park receives an average of 55 inches of rainfall per year, almost all between September and June.
Puszcza Solska Landscape Park is a Polish Landscape Park protected area in southeastern Poland.
The largest of Poland’s 23 National Parks, the Biebrza National Park was created on September 9, 1993.
It is located on the Acadian Peninsula, and includes Tabusintac Bay and the mouth of the Tabusintac River.
Buttermilk Falls Natural Area is located in Shunk, Indiana County, Pennsylvania, USA.
It is translated as BA BO QUAY VI RA, the place for the mother lode of flint..
This remoteness and the few visitors has meant that Chizarira has experienced increased risk from poachers in recent years.
It is perfectly adapted to the dry semi-desert rocky areas found in the Nama-Karoo, able to withstand the extreme temperatures and the infertile soil.
Owned by the United States federal government, they were set aside for ecosystem protection purposes by President Franklin D. Roosevelt 1943.
The landscape of the park is notable for three sandstone tepuis, Jaua, Sarisariñama and Guanacoco.
The nature reserve is part of the Site of Community Importance with the same name which measures 162 ha.
Swan River National Wildlife Refuge is a 1,778-acre National Wildlife Refuge in Lake County of northwestern Montana.
The name of the park means Russian North in Russian.
Established in 1986, it is located in the Köýtendag Range of Lebap Province and covers an area of 271.4 km².
Mono Cliffs Provincial Park lies within the rural town of Mono, in southern-Ontario, Canada, along the Bruce Trail.
The exact location where the fort once stood is unknown.
Squirrels, deer, and other game are plentiful, attracting many hunters every fall.
The topography is dominated by sandy and rocky plains and there are several lakes, solonchaks and takirs present.
It encompasses 76,394 acres and includes 25 named lakes ranging in size from five to 39 acres.
Beartown is noted for its unusual rock formations, which consist of Droop, or Pottsville, Sandstone formed during the Pennsylvanian age.
This stretch of the upper Mississippi River includes natural, historical, recreational, cultural, scenic, scientific, and economic resources of national significance.
Much of the battlefield is not accessible to the public, but the park offers ranger-led and self-guided driving tours of the battlefield via public roads.
Located on the Tawau Peninsula, it was designated as a conservation area by the Sabah Forestry Department in 1992.
The reserve contains the sources of the Aguas Zarcas, Platanar, Tora, Tres Amigos and La Vieja rivers.
The land is part of the largest private forest in the state, the Pioneer Forest, owned by the L-A-D Foundation endowed by former owner Leo Drey.
It includes portions of the Santa Rosa and San Jacinto mountain ranges, the northernmost ones of the Peninsular Ranges system.
Between 2010-2015, some of the wetlands were restored through the EU-funded LIFE Programme.
"Cocora" was the name of a Quimbayan princess, daughter of the local chief Acaime, and means "star of water".
Morris Creek Wildlife Management Area, is located near Clendenin, West Virginia in Clay and Kanawha counties.
Later, the site was part of the Cupisnique culture and the Salinar culture.
A 3.8-kilometre paved walking/cycling track encircles the lake which takes about 50 Minutes to traverse by foot at Normal waking speed.
It lies in the Murgia geographical area, with its headquarters in the town of Gravina in Puglia, and has an area of 677.39  square kilometres.
Before the HSNF was established, much of the land was abandoned agricultural land with rapidly eroding soils.
Ithala Game Reserve is situated in 290 km2 of rugged, mountainous thornveld, about 400 km north of Durban, in northern KwaZulu-Natal, South Africa.
Part of the site is also a Local Nature Reserve It is a disused quarry located just south of the village of Wheatley Hill.
Svenskådalen Nature Reserve is a nature reserve in Jämtland County in Sweden.
Luambe National Park was unfunded until 1999.
According to T. Davison 2010, CARMA 2011, the three other herds "declined 84-93% from peak sizes in the mid-1980s and 1990s.
The nearest city is Brigham City, approximately 32 miles east-southeast of the site.
You pass through small towns, one notably is Gobles, Michigan.
The rugged summits of Makalu, with 8,463 m the fifth highest mountain of the world, Chamalang), Baruntse) and Mera) are included in the national park.
The wildlife sanctuary comes under Protect Elephant and one can spot herd of elephants roaming in the area.
Waza achieved national park status in 1968, and became a UNESCO biosphere reserve in 1979.
The name had shown up previously in maps, such as by the National Geographic Society.
Jordan River Off-Highway Vehicle State Recreation Area is a Utah State Park located in Salt Lake City, Utah, USA.
The Vätsäri Wilderness Area is located along the northeastern shore of Lake Inari in Inari, northern Finland, stretching all the way to the Finland–Norway border.
Elbow-Sheep Wildland Provincial Park is a provincial park and wildlife reserve located in the Kananaskis Country in south-western Alberta, Canada.
After the death of King Marko in 1395, this settlement was taken by Ottoman forces.
The park features expansive views of Monterey Bay and Pacific Ocean from its hiking trails.
Lack of funding forced construction to end in late October 1941.
It offers access to Lake Temagami and the Lady Evelyn-Smoothwater Provincial Park.
Then follow WV 65 about 4.5 miles to Lenore.
The volcano has no historical eruptions but displays fumarolic activity.
In 1907 George Marston, a wealthy department store owner and civic leader, bought Presidio Hill with the aim of preserving the historic site.
The sanctuary is a member of the Pan African Sanctuary Alliance.
Approximately 95 percent of the world's discovered boxwork formations are found in Wind Cave.
Murray Beach Provincial Park, is a provincial park in the Province of New Brunswick, Canada.
There are camping places for travel trailers and tents.
Numerous bird species are found including bald eagle, osprey, peregrine falcon and Clark's nutcracker.
The park covers about 37 km2 and is mainly managed by the State Forest Service and the most important Dutch private nature management organisation Natuurmonumenten.
The park holds a small fragment of the rich forest that once covered the region, and is the last habitat for many endangered species.
The International Union for Conservation of Nature has listed the Park as Category 2.
The Beaverhead section includes most of the Pioneer, Gravelly, and Sapphire Ranges.
The trail is the second longest of the 23 National Scenic and National Historic Trails.
Due to conflicts with black bears, in 2015 the Forest Service implemented a requirement for all overnight campers to carry bear-resistant canisters.
This body, in turn, united with the American Methodist Church in 1968 to form the United Methodist Church.
Darién National Park is a world heritage site in Panama.
Albanian-speaking communities are present in communes such as San Paolo Albanese, San Costantino Albanese and others.
It has an extent of 344.44 km2 with four ranges namely Sulthan Bathery, Muthanga, Kurichiat and Tholpetty.
Tall red rock formations that are typical of the region also surround the park, which contains a 43-acre working apple farm.
However, a limited amount of controlled viewing is allowed under permit.
It has been included since 1997 by UNESCO in the Biosphere Reserve of Ordesa-Viñamala.
This park is centered on the Wesley house, a two-story mansion virtually surrounded by white columns and verandas.
It also offers trailhead access to the Dead Horse Trail System, located on adjacent Coconino National Forest land.
Later that year, floods damaged Nevada State Route 317, restricting access to the site.
It is situated near the W du Niger National Park.
A number of species have been reintroduced in the park by Kasanka Trust - the most successful of which are Zebra and Buffalo.
Chitwan National Park is the first national park in Nepal.
This designation recognises its international importance as a northerly mangrove swamp, as a habitat for its native crustaceans and as an important destination for migratory birds.
Unfortunately, elephant population has been greatly reduced by poaching.
It is located on the western and eastern shores of Indian Arm, a glacial fjord extending north from Burrard Inlet near the city of Vancouver.
The wilderness comprises much of the Clover Mountains and has biome influences from the Tule Desert adjacent to the southeast.
The park also contains the cabin of naturalist and conservationist Grey Owl, on Ajawaan Lake.
Harrell Prairie Botanical Area or Harrell Prairie Hill is a 160-acre tallgrass prairie nature preserve located within Bienville National Forest near Forest, Mississippi.
In 1991 111 acres on the east side of the park was listed as a historic district on the National Register of Historic Places.
It is an undeveloped park, with a mix of habitats including open ponds and uplands hardwood forests.
At least one slab was destroyed before the site was protected.
The park has several marinas, boat ramps, swimming beaches, picnic areas, hiking trails and a nature center near the campground.
El Pino Lake is a lake in Guatemala.
Bollihope, Pikestone, Eggleston and Woodland Fells is a Site of Special Scientific Interest in the Teesdale district of west County Durham, England.
The Aubrey Peak Wilderness is a 15,400-acre wilderness administered by the Bureau of Land Management.
The tree fell during a heavy thunderstorm with high winds on the night of June 6, 2002.
Laiwangi Wanggameti National Park is located on the island of Sumba in Indonesia.
It is part of the Aleutian Islands unit of Alaska Maritime National Wildlife Refuge.
Greenleaf State Park is located near Braggs, Oklahoma, and is situated around the 930-acre Greenleaf Lake.
It is known for its sandstone cliffs.
The North Table Mountain Ecological Reserve is a nature reserve of 3,315 acres located three miles north of Oroville, in Butte County, northern California.
The park is easily accessible from southwestern and northwestern Nigeria.
The surrounding area is known for its natural environment.
In 2002, Jardines de la Reina was established as a national park.
Three rugged canyons are preserved under this designation.
The word "Nantahala" is a Cherokee word meaning "Land of the Noonday Sun."
Chalco Hills Recreation Area is located in northwestern Sarpy County, Nebraska, and approximately 12 miles west of downtown Omaha.
Marie on the shores of Whitefish Bay, one mile east of Brimley on 6 Mile Road.
In May of 2017, the Interior Department announced that Hanford Reach was one of 27 National Monuments under review for possible rescinding of their designation.
Hunting, however is allowed forest-wide including wilderness areas.
Presidio Park is a city historic park in San Diego, California.
It consists of the 11.5 acres of forested McMicken Island in south Puget Sound, including 1,661 feet of saltwater shoreline with a sheltered cove.
The enormous concrete dam is the major feature of the Elephant Butte National Register Historic District.
Roads access the park from both the north and south.
The Vickery Creek unit preserves a rugged and scenic stretch of Vickery Creek from Grimes Bridge Road to its mouth at the Chattahoochee River.
Fort Massac was built by the French in 1757, during the French and Indian War and was originally called "Fort de L’Ascension."
Horná Orava Protected Landscape Area is one of the 14 protected landscape areas in Slovakia.
The brothers renamed the farm Marymoor in honor of Walter's young daughter, Mary Nettleton, who died in a bicycle accident.
Main river is Vishera, that flow through nature reserve about 130 km.
The marine environment surrounding the refuge contains coral reefs and sea grass beds.
The islands are located between Buckaloons Recreation Area and Tionesta, Pennsylvania.
The lower canopy consists of evergreen shrubs and herbs.
It forms part of the Trans Fly savanna and grasslands ecoregion.
The Naugatuck River runs through a portion of the forest.
The U.S. Congress passed the California Wilderness Act of 1984 which created 23 new wilderness areas including Snow Mountain.
Polk's Nature Discovery Center, completed in 2008, features interactive displays about the plants, animals, and ecosystems of the reserve.
The DPG is part of Region One of the Forest Service.
This is a wilderness for the experienced adventurer but guided packtrips are available.
In addition, the forest offers a small network of hiking trails, a picnic area with a shelter and a group campground.
A Sportsman's Access area offers excellent fishing opportunities along the river.
Visitor activities include hiking, boating, paddling, photography, fishing and hunting.
The area was further protected by declaring it a National Monument in 1972, and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1974.
The Ralph E. Simmons Memorial State Forest is in the U.S. state of Florida.
Waterways include the Fall River and associated creeks and lakes.
The park is a focus of public access to Rend Lake, which is managed for the fishing of largemouth bass, bluegill, channel catfish, and crappie.
Estonia's largest area of loose sand) is located in the reserve.
The closest major town is Chadron, Nebraska.
Kara-Shoro River passes through the central part of the park.
Red Haw State Park is a state park of Iowa, USA, surrounding 72-acre Red Haw Lake.
Dense moist deciduous forest mainly consists of sal, haldu, peepal, rohini and mango trees.
The estimated population within the socio-economic influence area is 21,182.
Of the 11,184 acres of managed property, 7,953 acres are in Alabama and 3,231 acres are in Georgia.
The park lies between the Neyyar and Peppara Wildlife Sanctuaries.
It is situated among the eastern mountain ranges of the South American Andes cordilleras in the area of Potosi Bolivia.
17,000 acres are old-growth redwoods, comprising the entire Bull Creek watershed and the Rockefeller Forest.
Boulon Forest is a protected forest in Burkina Faso.
On December 4, 2012, the property was also listed on the National Register of Historic Places as Staunton Ranch-Rural Historic Landscape.
The architect was Leonard Palme, who was hired by his aunt Laura Knight to design and build Vikingsholm.
The Virgin Islands Coral Reef National Monument is a U.S. National Monument located off Saint John, Virgin Islands.
A "palisade" is, in general, a defensive fence or wall made up of wooden stakes or tree trunks.
Bear Lake Refuge encompasses what is locally referred to as Dingle Swamp or Dingle Marsh.
The Ibanda Game Reserve is a game reserve established in 1974 in Tanzania.
The WMA is at the foothills of the South Hills in Sawtooth National Forest.
Consisting of water and overland routes, the trail extends from Tangier Island, Virginia, through southern Maryland, the District of Columbia, the Chesapeake Bay, and Baltimore, Maryland.
Wanitsuka Prefectural Natural Park is a Prefectural Natural Park in southern Miyazaki Prefecture, Japan.
A lodge and visitor center welcome state park guests.
The announcement was made a few days after Ecuador decided to explore for oil within its protected natural parks in the Amazon region.
The largest glaciers in Bridger-Teton National Forest are found in the wilderness.
Several films were shot in the area: Angel and the Badman, Broken Arrow, Drum Beat, and Gun Fury.
Located in the heart of the Okefenokee Swamp, this tract of land has been set aside for future generations to enjoy.
The settlers removed more than 90% of the forest.
Sotoyama-Hayasaka Prefectural Natural Park is a Prefectural Natural Park in Iwate Prefecture, Japan.
Combined MHNP is home to around 600 plant species, 250 bird varieties, 38 mammals and 13 species of reptiles.
It is administered by the Sabah Parks.
The area is recommended for hunting, fishing, nature study, outdoor photography, picnicking and frogging.
The park has minimal public facilities, and the only approach is by mountaineering.
Boating and fishing are available at Badin Lake, while the 20-mile Uwharrie National Recreation Trail runs through the forest.
Since then, nearly 1,300 acres have been reforested.
Botte Donato, in Sila Grande, and Mt.
It forms a 100 kilometre long volcanic field in elongated NW-SE direction.
Park features include Eagle Falls and Vikingsholm, a 38-room mansion that is considered one of the finest examples of Scandinavian architecture in the United States.
The surrounding waters are some of the richest fishing waters in western Africa and serve as nesting grounds for the entire western region.
ʻAkaka Falls is located on Kolekole Stream.
It is located next to St. Paul's Church along Middle Road in Paget Parish, to the south of Hamilton Harbour.
Tourbières-de-Lanoraie Ecological Reserve is an ecological reserve in Quebec, Canada.
Why and, why not at Punta de Manabique.
Walker Bay Nature Reserve offers no accommodation but day visitors are welcome to enjoy a variety of day hikes along the coast.
It is an important breeding site for a variety of water bird species, such as Sacred Ibis, Egyptian Geese and many duck species.
However, in 1981, the Michigan Society of Professional Surveyors instead opened a museum in Lansing, Michigan.
It covers an area of approximately 11,000 hectares.
Pohopoco Creek is stocked with trout by the Pennsylvania Fish and Boat Commission.
Mostly maple, ash, beech and a small amount of oak.
Across the river is the Parcul Natural Porțile de Fier in Romania.
There are district offices in Lytle Creek, Idyllwild, and Skyforest.
The park extends from the west shore of the lake to the west side of the mountains.
These include his residence, boyhood farm, school, and the town railroad depot, which served as his campaign headquarters during the 1976 election.
Most of its area is high complex mountains of 1,765 m elevation and features a mixed deciduous forest and a coniferous forest.
The section of the Gila River that flows through the Gila Box is popular with white-water rafters and kayakers.
The area was also a filming location for the Academy Award-winning 1994 epic drama film Legends of the Fall.
The park is located near Midway, Utah, in the southeast corner of Heber Valley.
The forest reserve is in an area called the Tawau Highlands, which also includes Tawau Hills National Park.
The refuge was established in 1980 by the Alaska National Interest Lands Conservation Act.
The vegetation is mostly willow forests, although wet grasslands and fields of reed are common as well.
Towards the east, the elevation decreases and the mountains give way to the Lapland Plains.
Its namesake natural bridge is the centerpiece of the park.
Other facilities include a 1798 log house, a foundation and spillway for an 1850s sawmill, and an outdoor open picnic pavilion.
Pieniny National Park is a protected area located in the heart of Pieniny Mountains in the southernmost part of Poland.
The park is adjacent to the Chichibu Tama Kai National Park and Takiyama Prefectural Natural Park.
There are local district offices located in Zavalla.
Humaston Brook State Park is an under-developed day use state park located in the town of Litchfield, Connecticut.
It is located adjacent to Interstate 94.
A very small part extends northward into Oregon.
It is near the much larger DuPont State Recreational Forest, which is responsible for its management.
Its entrance, with a wooden five-bar gate flanked by hedges, is on the south of Bollo Lane, a few yards from Chiswick Park tube station.
Pembrokeshire Coast National Park is a national park along the Pembrokeshire coast in west Wales.
Strange wildlife has a habit of showing up in the park.
It is part of the Cenozoic uplands and has large areas of longleaf pine forests.
The grassland is divided into two units: Bois d'Arc Creek and Ladonia.
The campground has water, pit toilets, food-storage caches, fire pits, and picnic tables.
Mount Sanqing has been classified as a national park of China.
Based on popular local myth, this archipelago was discovered by Sunan Nyamplungan, the nephew of Sunan Kudus who is one of the Wali Sanga.
It was established in 1934, and covers 124.00 km².
The jewel of the National Park is the volcano, from which it receives its name.
There are two hiking trails—Coureur de Bois Trail and Outouais Trail—both rated easy.
Dry Tortugas National Park is a national park in the United States about 68 miles west of Key West in the Gulf of Mexico.
The remaining habitat includes farmland, marsh impoundments, brush and typical upland and lowland eastern pine-hardwood forest.
It was named for the Florida Nutmeg trees, a rare species of Torreya tree endemic to the local east bank of the Apalachicola River's limestone bluffs.
It has a total area of 867,882 acres.
The site has a large woodpecker population and is used in winter by bald eagles.
The gypsum is mostly in the form of alabaster.
This mostly forested park is home to large variety of animal species and contains part of the former Ho Chi Minh trail.
Established on January 1, 1954, it covers 1092 hectares.
Largely due to its name's coincidental allusions to marijuana use, Bong Recreation Area is a frequent target of sign theft.
The Varsey Rhododendron Sanctuary or Barsey Rhododendron Sanctuary occupies 104 km2 in the Singalila Range in western Sikkim.
The Park’s landscape was to a large extent shaped by a glacier which covered this region around 12,000 years ago.
The park also owns three smaller islands, Dudley, Huggins and Jones, located in the nearby mouth of the White Oak River.
It consists of 79 acres with shoreline access to the Pacific Ocean and Half Moon Bay.
Mount Everett State Reservation is adjacent to the south.
The site has a diverse mix of habitats, mainly dry heath, with wet heath and blanket-mire in areas that are poorly drained.
A 60-acre portion of the park was designated by the state as the Grand Gulf Natural Area in 1986.
Goose Creek Grasslands Nature Sanctuary, commonly referred to as Goose Creek, is a 70-acre nature sanctuary located in Lenawee County, Michigan.
The archipelago is considered to be one of the most important breeding areas for harbour seal in the Baltic Sea, where the species is under threat.
Cochetopa Park may also be entered from the east over Cochetopa Pass via Saguache County Road NN14.
The lagoon has its unique ecosystem with its own characteristic flora and fauna and height.
West Rock Ridge State Park is part of a larger area of protected open space including state, municipal, and non-profit owned land.
A wide variety of smaller birds occur in abundance, making the Park a birder’s paradise.
Minalungao National Park is a protected area of the Philippines located in the municipality of General Tinio, Nueva Ecija in Central Luzon.
The park is one of the newest in the North Carolina system, having been authorized by the General Assembly in May 2003.
The park spans the departments of Loire and Rhône, and covers a total area of 65,000 hectares.
This wildlife restoration area was acquired by the State of Illinois in 1940, using funds from the Federal Aid in Wildlife Restoration Act.
It is operated by the Michigan Department of Natural Resources and was established in 2012.
The bay contains Shediac Harbour which is a popular boating and fishing area.
Triglav National Park is the only national park in Slovenia.
This Puna ecosystem preserves high-altitude wildlife, including Vicuñas, for which the reserve is named.
A total of 167 mammal species, 95 bird species and 9 reptile species have been recorded at the site.
The 401-acre park was established in 1984.
The park is home to a variety of mammals, including deer, fox, mink, beaver, coyote, porcupine and otter.
Karsa is a basalt geological formation, archaeological site, and watering hole in Turkana County, Kenya, on the southeast margin of Lake Turkana.
Camden Hills State Park is a 5,710-acre public recreation area overlooking Penobscot Bay in the town of Camden, Knox County, Maine.
This is approximately 5% of Bali's total land area.
It is within the watershed of the Credit River, being bisected by its tributary, the Black Creek.
Established on January 1, 1954, it covers 445 hectares.
Local wetlands support several rare species, while the upland slopes support northern hardwoods including beech, birch, and maple.
It is one of the most geologically diverse parts of Hiiumaa, and the location of the island's highest point.
Ottawa is an attraction for birdwatching enthusiasts.
The area also offers excellent opportunities for fall foliage and wildlife viewing.
Nilgiris Biosphere Reserve is India's first and foremost biosphere reserves with a heritage, rich in flora and fauna.
The site is a working farm, showing agricultural development in Florida from the 1850s through the mid-1940s.
It is operated by the Nature Conservancy.
These islands, totaling 25 acres, are a mixture of marsh and tidal mud flats.
The park centers on Chatfield Reservoir, a 1,423 acre surface area lake fed by the South Platte River and two other creeks, including Plum Creek.
The monument was created by Presidential proclamation on January 11, 2000 with the authority in section two of the Antiquities Act of 1906.
The park is rich with Civilian Conservation Corps history as evidenced by the CCC structures still in use.
From sagebrush plains through dense spruce and fir forest to craggy mountain peaks, Shoshone National Forest has a rich biodiversity rarely matched in any protected area.
Daily temperatures from May to October generally exceed 100 °F with temperatures of 116°–120 °F recorded yearly.
Amami Guntō Quasi-National Park is a Quasi-National Park in the Amami Islands off south Kyūshū, Kagoshima Prefecture, Japan.
It may be temporarily closed for training exercises of the Barry M. Goldwater Air Force Range.
The Cedar Key Scrub State Reserve is a Florida State Park, located six miles northeast of Cedar Key on State Road 24.
It is unique among the National Park System insofar as it honors the bravery and sacrifices of all those who participated in the Pacific Theater.
The larger ecosystem as a whole performs invaluable functions including providing freshwater to Lesotho, South Africa and Namibia.
Illegal deforestation has left only 600 km² of the forest and new trees and woodlands have been planted.
Established in 1950, the park spans the municipalities of Iizuka, Miyawaka, Ōnojō, Dazaifu, Chikushino, Hisayama, Umi, Sasaguri, and Sue.
Coopers Rock State Forest is a 12,747-acre state forest in Monongalia and Preston counties in the U.S. state of West Virginia.
Dash Point State Park is a 398-acre Washington state park on Puget Sound that straddles the line between King and Pierce counties.
Her activism and work through the Bayou Preservation Association, Outdoor Nature Club, and other organizations was instrumental in creating the Nature Center.
Analysis by a state geologist in 1845 found the springs to contain sulfur, iron, magnesium, and calcium.
This mostly forested park is home to a variety of ethnic groups and diverse animal and plant species.
Mafia Island Marine Park is a protected marine nature reserve around Mafia Island, in the Indian Ocean southeast of Zanzibar Island.
Managed by the Massachusetts Department of Conservation and Recreation, it covers parts of Milton, Quincy, Braintree, Canton, Randolph, and Dedham.
The nature reserve has been established to protect the biologically diverse wooden meadows and forests of the area.
Setun's river valley is the largest wildlife sanctuary within the Moscow bounds.
In addition, the John Muir Trail and Pacific Crest Trail merge into one trail as they pass through the monument.
The New River is, ironically, one of the oldest rivers in the United States.
Iñupiat cross from the mainland to gather eggs, primarily from kittiwakes and murres.
The lakes and swamps are mainly concentrated in the floodplain of the Alatyr River.
It is located on the western side of the city of Ventura and borders the estuary at the mouth of the Ventura River.
The park was established first as a forest reserve spanning 107,727 hectares on 28 April 1935 through Administrative Act No.
The Seneca Division, consisting of 3,571 acres, is 10 miles north of the Sugar Lake Division and borders French Creek near Cambridge Springs, Pennsylvania.
North of Seacliff State Beach is New Brighton State Beach.
It is now operated by the National Park Service as a national memorial commemorating the historic events that occurred there.
It is named after the Soviet botanist Mykola Hryshko who was born in Poltava.
It is the hottest, driest and lowest of the national parks in the United States.
Located within Kisumu city, Kisumu Impala Sanctuary lies on the shores of Lake Victoria, covering less than 1km2.
A motel, restaurant, playground, train, animals, safari bus, giant slide, banquet facilities, special holiday events and other attractions are also located on the grounds.
Washita National Wildlife Refuge is a National Wildlife Refuge of the United States located in Custer County, Oklahoma.
This influx of people led to the establishment of Sachs Harbour, the only community on the island.
Along with Bear Lake proper, the marsh was once part of a larger prehistoric lake that filled the valley.
At night, one can hear the call of the whippoorwill as it mingles around the howl of the coyote.
As of 2005, the forest had begun to be rejuvenated and wildlife habitat had actually increased due to better mix of meadow and forest lands.
In 1991, an additional 39-mile section between Fort Randall Dam and Niobrara, Nebraska, was added to the designation.
The park is located in western Arizona about 38 miles north of Wenden.
Radiocarbon dates of between 9082±90 and 1213±60 yr BP have been obtained from the deposits, which have also yielded pollen records covering the same period.
The park includes the Santa Rosa Creek Natural Preserve, the San Simeon Natural Preserve and the Pa-nu Cultural Preserve, which were established in 1990.
At first it was named Lithuanian SSR National Park to emphasize that it was the first such park in the republic.
It is located in portions of the Towns of Hudson, Maynard, Stow and Sudbury.
The outcrop is located on a roughly oval intermittent island of about 100 by 50 meters.
It is open for mountain biking, hiking, fishing, bird watching, and nature study.
These have been attributed to Australopithecus, early Homo and Paranthropus.
In 1875 a large portion of the mangrove forests was declared as reserved forests under the Forest Act, 1865.
The Baikal Nature Reserve is a nature reserve on the southeast shore of Lake Baikal, in southern Buryatia, Russia.
The reserve covers an area of 1,339 km2 and is managed by Kenya Wildlife Service.
The southern part contains approximately 3,099,000 acres of land surrounding the Innoko River.
The forest encompasses 1,106,604 acres within Clear Creek, Teller, Park, Jefferson, Douglas and El Paso counties.
The park contains unusual Swedish wildlife such as the hazel dormouse, Eurasian golden oriole, European tree frog and agile frog.
The Api Elephant Domestication Center was a project of the Belgian Congo to tame African elephants.
Ichkeul Lake is a lake in northern Tunisia, located 20 kilometres to Bizerte, the northernmost city in Africa on the Mediterranean Sea.
Salamonie State Forest is administered by the Indiana Department of Natural Resources.
Immediately north of the WMA is the 360-acre El Dorado Beach Preserve, which is a bird refuge owned by The Nature Conservancy.
Most water in the cave stream comes from forested slopes.
John W. Kyle State Park is a state park in the U.S. state of Mississippi.
The Tongariro National Park is home to the famed Tongariro Alpine Crossing, widely regarded as one of the world's best one-day hikes.
This population is unsustainably high – it causes significant damage to vegetation, threatening the endangered plant life.
In 1963, Congressman Robert B. Duncan introduced a bill to establish a National Park at the Oregon Dunes.
It was displaced by the discovery of a number of taller trees in Humboldt Redwoods State Park and later Redwood National Park in Humboldt County.
Though the total notified area of the park is 38.80 square kilometres, only 16 square kilometres is the effective rhino habitat.
Even before its declaration as a national park in 1990, the near-natural state swamp area was a protected area.
There are over 40 caves located throughout the park, the geology of which is a mixture of limestone and dolomite.
The preserve is owned and maintained by the Virginia Department of Conservation and Recreation, and is open to the public.
The sanctuary surrounds the reservoir of the Thenmala Dam.
29,000 acres are designated as Class I Wilderness.
A variety of Cretaceous and Cenozoic fossil organisms exist in abundance, and the park has artifacts estimated to be 9,000 years old.
The forest has 366 miles of wild and scenic rivers, six distinct botanical areas, and public-use areas for camping, hiking, and fishing.
Besides Havešová, Rožok, and Stužica, there is a fourth component situated in Slovakia, named Kyjovský prales of Vihorlat.
The initial park facilities include a ranger contact station, a picnic area, lake fishing access, and two hiking trails.
It is named after the city of Shkodër in northern Albania.
Phu Sa Dok Bua National Park is a national park that lies in the Amnat Charoen, Mukdahan, and Yasothon Provinces of Thailand.
Tassili is the fifth album by the Tuareg-Berber band Tinariwen, recorded in Tassili n'Ajjer, an Algerian national park.
The Olmsteds also played an influential role in the creation of the National Park Service, which now owns and maintains the Olmsted site.
The park spans the borders of twelve municipalities: Asahi, Chiba, Chōsei, Chōshi, Ichinomiya, Kujūkuri, Ōamishirasato, Sanmu, Shirako, Sōsa, Tōgane, and Yokoshibahikari.
The Athabasca Sand Dunes are the most northerly active sand dune formation on Earth.
Before the Dogon, the escarpment was inhabited by the Tellem and Toloy peoples.
The wildlife management area is largely lies directly south of Coopers Rock State Forest, protecting the southern side of Cheat Canyon.
Kidepo is rugged savannah, dominated by the 2,750 metres Mount Morungole and transected by the Kidepo and Narus rivers.
The Mountain Lakes Wilderness is a wilderness area located in the Fremont–Winema National Forest in the southern Cascade Range of Oregon in the United States.
The landowners received NOK 100 million in compensation.
Public reenactments of the battle are conducted in October of even-numbered years by the West Virginia Reenactors Association.
It also has 5 new sunfilled cabins that sleep up to 16 people, Rv and Tent camping, group camping and camping trailers.
The beach in the reserve has been used by nudists for over 20 years and was proclaimed as a nude beach in October 2014.
In descending order of land area the forest is located in parts of Umatilla, Grant, Columbia, Morrow, Wallowa, Union, Garfield, Asotin, Wheeler, and Walla Walla counties.
The ZEC of Rimouski River is a "zone d'exploitation contrôlée", in the administrative region of Bas-Saint-Laurent, in Quebec, in Canada.
It is located in Grundy County near the town of Morris, approximately 50 miles southwest of Chicago.
It is located along Interstate 270 in Castle Point.
It also boasts the category of Biosphere Reserve, listed by UNESCO in 1987.
The State Park is accessible from Interstate 90 at exit 15 and the north end of State Route 900.
The property was acquired by the National Park Service in 1980.
There are 203 bird species in the area.
It is managed by the Maryland Department of Natural Resources.
It contains Mirror Lake, a narrow reservoir with steep sandstone sides up to 50 feet tall.
This park features coastal canyons, ridgeline views and the only natural lakes in Orange County, California.
Tiga Island Park is administered by Sabah Parks.
The refuge is administered from offices in Kodiak.
The campground consists of two sections divided by County Road 13.
Alpine bistort, Polygonum viviparum, which is rare in the Pennines, is found on the steep banks, and marsh-marigold, Caltha palustris, is abundant in the wetter patches.
The first acreage purchased for reserve was part of the 129-year-old Bloomfield Ranch.
It is named for revolutionary war hero Francis Marion, who was known to the British as the Swamp Fox.
As of 2010 water improvements are planned.
Much of the park is forested with Atlas cedar.
The site has been an important site of archeological investigations.
It lies within the southeastern part of Innoko National Wildlife Refuge.
This park is popular in the summer with campers, providing many recreational activities such as canoeing, swimming, hiking, wildlife viewing, and other family activities.
79 signed by President Manuel Luis Quezon with an initial area of 1,228 hectares.
TWNC was founded by Tomy Winata, an Indonesian businessman and philanthropist.
Linudden Nature Reserve is a nature reserve in Södermanland County in Sweden.
Ampay National Sanctuary is a wildlife sanctuary established in 1987.
The area includes an Important Bird Area.
The grassland is part of the combined Black Kettle and McClellan Creek Ranger District with offices in Cheyenne, Oklahoma.
After South Africa, the world’s largest concentration and variety of whales and dolphins can be found right off the Loango coast.
Forest fires occur in the park each year; in the large forest fires of 1988, nearly one third of the park was burnt.
Utsukushigahara is a lava plateau at the northern end of the park and offers views of the Northern Alps.
The drive is not appropriate for trailers and RVs, due to some very tight turns and steep sections.
The park is on U.S. Route 201 between the Maine Turnpike and I-295, about 12 miles south of Augusta.
The Empire Mine is on the National Register of Historic Places, a federal Historic District, and a California Historical Landmark.
Recreational activities include hiking, biking, horseback riding, fishing, boating, swimming and camping.
The majority of forest acreage lies in Garfield County.
Fish and Wildlife Service currently does not offer any interpretive facilities or programs at Thacher Island Refuge.
It is named for the rock and sand formations along this portion of the Meramec River.
President Warren G. Harding created Lehman Caves National Monument by presidential proclamation on January 24, 1922.
Rib Mountain State Park is a 1,528-acre Wisconsin state park near the city of Wausau.
The refuge headquarters and visitor center are located at 1101 Casey Road in Alabama, New York.
Animals in the lower regions include woodland caribou, moose, elk, white-tailed deer, mule deer, grizzly bear, black bear, mountain lion, coyote, gray wolf, and wolverine.
The Rasmussen Lowlands is a 3,000 km2 coastal plain complex of wetlands in Kitikmeot Region, Nunavut, Canada.
Historic sites at the area include the fist state nursery, a Civilian Conservation Corps camp, Lone Hill fire lookout tower, and old mines.
Fort Tonoloway was a frontier fort built in 1755 by Lt. Thomas Stoddert and men from the Maryland State Militia.
It was designated as the 18th national park in 1987.
The 7.5-acre park was established in 1976.
Fuji-Hakone-Izu National Park is a national park in Yamanashi, Shizuoka, and Kanagawa Prefectures, and western Tokyo Metropolis, Japan.
There are also some forest access roads from the west off of US 89 south from Livingston, Montana.
Curonian Spit National Park covers the Russian-owned southern 41 km of the 98 km long, curved Curonian Spit – a type of depositional sandbar.
It is located 30 km south-southeast of Guatemala City, in the municipality of Barberena in the Santa Rosa Department.
It is located in the watershed of the Tapajós River, about halfway between Manaus and Belém.
The park was originally focused on providing outdoor recreation amenities like the swimming pool, since there were few other opportunities in the area.
Infinite Earth is a Hong Kong-based project development company specializing in conservation.
Park fauna include the black bear, whitetail deer, coyotes, bald eagles, osprey, and the wild turkey.
It occupies 40 km2 and it extends into each of the six municipalities on the island.
It was established in 1991 and covers an area of 11 km2.
According to this story, a wagon train was passing through when a group of Native Americans, attacked and a settler's baby, named Theorosa, was stolen.
Jaldapara is situated at an altitude of 61 m and is spread across 216.51 km2 of vast grassland with patches of riverine forests.
Slide Rock State Park attracted 254,584 visitors in 2005 and is one of the most visited tourist attractions in Arizona.
Fishing regulations are enforced by Alberta Fish and Wildlife officers.
They were built in 1954, and after 50 years of corrosion and wear and tear, they had worn out.
It is located in the Eastern Carpathians and includes parts of three countries: Poland, Slovakia and Ukraine.
The five ranger districts administering "The Bob" manage 1,856 miles of trail that are open to foot and stock use only.
Within Subcarpathian Voivodeship it lies in Dębica County and Jasło County.
On February 3, 2010, the Regional landscape park "Dnister Canyon" was promoted to the status of the National Nature Park.
Through Infinite Earth’s project development, several initiatives have been put into place within the communities that have historically depended on the forests of Rimba Raya.
It is on the border with Burma, contiguous with the Tanintharyi Nature Reserve.
2,278 acres of the refuge have been designated as a wilderness area.
It is named for Bernhard Fernow, a prominent forester in the late 19th century and early 20th century.
One formation is so densely packed with them, it has been dubbed the "snake pit".
It is one of the Sea Islands and one of the Golden Isles of Georgia barrier islands.
Yurt camping is available in this park in the Birch Boulevard section of Algonquin Campground along with regular electrical sites that are available year round.
Roughly half the forest make up part or all of three distinct Wilderness areas.
The public road to Tcholliré cuts across the northern part of the park.
It is accessed via highway 80, between Haysi, Virginia and Elkhorn City, Kentucky, and passes through the community of Breaks, Virginia east of the park.
The dam's purpose is to raise the elevation of the Rio Grande slightly to allow irrigation of the chile pepper crop downstream.
The park was first opened to the public in 1989.
The lake and park are named in honor of the burr oak tree, a variety of oak.
Bear Creek National Scenic Area is a federally designated National Scenic Area in Smyth County, Virginia, USA.
Located approximately 80 km north of Trois-Rivières, it is bordered to the east by Portneuf Wildlife Reserve.
Within the site are five localities of geological interest, of which the following are particularly notable:
This area is managed by "Association chasse et pêche de Gaspé inc" which is a non-profit corporation.
Maintenance of this forest cover is essential to ensuring a pure water supply for many of the towns and communities in Sabah.
It is part of the EU-wide Natura 2000-network.
Its head office is in Krościenko nad Dunajcem.
The eastern side of the ditch, which embanks the railway, is formed of railway ballast, over which a dry herb vegetation has developed.
To this day, she still visits the very same spot.
Established in 1960, the park lies wholly within the municipality of Yugawara.
The United States Fish and Wildlife Service owns 277 acres in fee title and the remaining acres are covered by easement.
The Chautauqua National Wildlife Refuge is located on the Illinois River in Mason County northeast of Havana, Illinois.
The area has historically depended on salmon fishing, logging, and hunting.
Fish in the reservoir include yellow perch, channel catfish, rainbow trout, largemouth bass, and bluegill.
Prineville Reservoir Wildlife Area is a wildlife area near Prineville, Oregon.
Andrews Geyser underwent extensive restoration again in the 1970s, and was rededicated on May 6, 1976.
The conceptual design can be found at Ministry of Tourism, Parks and Recreation website
It comprises 1,459.07 acres upland of wetlands) and 12.83 acres submerged.
All other areas can only be seen by way of limited tours.
In descending order of land, the forest lies in parts of Thomas, Dawes, Blaine, and Sioux counties.
The Delaware and Hudson Canal Company is considered one of the first private million dollar companies in the United States.
It has a land area of 89,216 acres and until 2015 was administered by the Valles Caldera Trust with offices in Jemez Springs.
Big Arm State Park is a Montana state park that is a unit of Flathead Lake State Park near Big Arm, Montana.
It covers an area of 196 square kilometres of Khuan Don and Mueang Satun districts.
There are four trailheads providing access into the wilderness and approximately 21 miles of trails.
Established in 1953, the park spans the municipalities of Aira, Satsuma, and Satsumasendai.
There is virtually no tourist infrastructure within the park and little support for travellers.
Kickapoo State Park was the first park in the United States to be located on strip-mined land.
The property is located on 9770 Autrey Mill Road, Johns Creek, Georgia.
Strathcona Provincial Park is the oldest provincial park in British Columbia, Canada, and the largest on Vancouver Island.
It is located in Naungmung Township in Kachin State.
Mibugawa Suikei Prefectural Natural Park is a Prefectural Natural Park in south-central Nagano Prefecture, Japan.
Navajo State Park is a state park of Colorado, USA, on the north shore of Navajo Lake.
Located at the foothills of the Andes, it is different from any other Amazon protected area in the world.
Portions of Beall Woods State Park have been designated a National Natural Landmark as the Forest of the Wabash.
The park is 1 acre in size, 3,293 feet in elevation, and is owned and managed by the Montana Department of Fish, Wildlife and Parks.
Salt River Canyon Wilderness is a 32,101-acre wilderness area located within the Tonto National Forest in the U.S. state of Arizona.
The SWA Group’s Houston office provided land planning and landscape architectural services.
His collection included such items as sea shells and Indian artifacts.
The park includes the Niobrara River Bridge, a decommissioned railroad bridge listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The trail was established to access the traditional Ancient Hawaiian culture along with the natural geology of the island.
These include plovers, the collared pratincole, ruff, dunlin, snipes and sandpipers.
The Roaring Plains West Wilderness is a U.S. Wilderness Area in the Allegheny Mountains of eastern West Virginia, USA.
The latter species is endemic to the coasts of lakes in Nicaragua.
Chestnut Hill Reservation is a public recreation area and historic preserve surrounding the Chestnut Hill Reservoir in the Allston-Brighton neighborhood of Boston, Massachusetts.
Puszcza Zielonka Landscape Park is a protected area situated to the north-east of the city of Poznań in Greater Poland Voivodeship, Poland.
The park has the largest population of guanacos in the Atacama Region.
There is a fee-based parking lot that is open from 8 AM to 10 PM.
The Burial Ground site is New York's earliest known African-American "cemetery"; studies show an estimated 15,000 African American people were buried here.
Clear Creek Metro Park is a nature preserve located at 185 Clear Creek Road in Rockbridge, Ohio, just off U.S. Route 33.
In addition to that it is also a home to nearly 176 families of vegetation and living organisms.
First designated for protection in 1988, the park is within the municipality of Marumori and centres upon the Abukuma River valley.
Visitors can boat on 4-acre Seneca Lake.
Jet-skis are not allowed in the lake.
The bridge was built to carry the National Road across the Casselman River.
In 1893, John Dooly and William Glassman imported 12 American bison to the island.
Located in Coos County, New Hampshire and Oxford County, Maine, Umbagog National Wildlife Refuge is a northern treasure in the National Wildlife Refuge System.
The Big Draft Wilderness is a 5,144-acre U.S. Wilderness area in the Monongahela National Forest of southeast West Virginia, USA.
The lake and wetlands of Ichkeul National Park are an important stopping-over point for hundreds of thousands of migrating birds each year.
Remarkable trees include apricot, maple, and apple.
Fort Vancouver National Historic Site is a United States National Historic Site located in the states of Washington and Oregon.
Young birds grow quickly in the short, lush summer, and prepare for the fall migration.
of upland of the northern Kitimat Ranges and 464 ha.
The Brasília National Park is a national park located 10 kilometres from the centre of Brasília, in the Federal District, in the center west of Brazil.
Founded in 1974, it is an IUCN Category IV wildlife sanctuary, measuring 145 km² in size.
An oxbow lake is formed when a river creates a meander due to the river eroding the banks through hydraulic action and abrasion/corrasion.
Other bird species known to inhabit the refuge include white-faced ibis, snowy egret, long-billed curlew, great blue heron, American bittern, and black-crowned night heron.
In particular, peafowl tend to be very common in the area.
North Warren RSPB reserve is a nature reserve run by the Royal Society for the Protection of Birds in Suffolk, England.
The park has several different natural springs with a daily average flow of 53 million gallons of water.
The Piper Mountain Wilderness is a federally designated wilderness area located in the White Mountains 20 miles northeast of Big Pine, California in Inyo County, California.
It is located south of the Huntington Beach community of Sunset Beach in Orange County.
The park is situated on the shores of Kootenay Lake and is bisected by Highway 3A 19 km east of Nelson, British Columbia.
The Waco Mammoth Foundation worked in partnership with the city of Waco and Baylor University to develop the site.
Other waterfowl are found here year round.
Stone Harbor Bird Sanctuary is a 21.5-acre bird sanctuary and nature preserve in Stone Harbor, Cape May County, New Jersey.
Much of the state park consists of badlands terrain that is only accessible by trail.
The smaller Black Tiger Bay Recreation Area was closed due to inaccessibility.
A smaller creek and several springs feed the marsh from the west.
The park was purchased in 2000 for $7.4 million using funds provided by an environmental lands acquisition referendum approved by voters in 1994.
The park's entrance is located at Milepost 12 on S. Croatan Highway/US 158.
The Yellowstone Park bison herd is the oldest and largest public bison herd in the United States.
The Cultural Triangle Yaxha-Nakum-Naranjo National Park is the first multidisciplinary project involving archaeologists, architects, restaurateurs, biologists and obviously workers.
The park includes lowlands around the Rio Negro, partly flooded, and mountains that include the highest peak in Brazil, after which the park is named.
On 10 March 1997, the area was converted into a natural park with the signing of Proclamation No.
The pristine forest and wilderness of VTR is an excellent example of Himalayan Terai landscape.
The bogs are also home to a significant percentage of the total national breeding population of such species as common crane and black-tailed godwit.
Kendrick Mountain Wilderness contains 10,418-foot Kendrick Peak, upon which a fire lookout has been located since the early 1900s.
The peregrine falcon, otherwise rarely seen regularly in Estonia, can often be seen there.
The buffer is spread over the forest divisions of Umaria and Katni and totals 820 km2.
This river eventually receded to lower levels of the ground and is now unseen.
It is located in western Baffin Island, from Bowman Bay to the Koukdjuak River, and is named in honour of zoologist J. Dewey Soper.
She left the house and its grounds to the state of Connecticut on her death in 1972.
In the tidal lower reaches, the artificial Stonar Cut short cuts a large loop in the natural river.
Unlike most populations of juniper in Britain, in which regeneration is, at best, sparse, this community is freely-regenerating and has a diverse age composition.
It was dedicated as a state park in 1932 and in 1938 was opened to the public.
They were designated the UNESCO Sequoia-Kings Canyon Biosphere Reserve in 1976.
The wilderness was created when the US Congress passed the California Wilderness Act of 1984.
Cerová vrchovina Protected Landscape Area is one of the 14 protected landscape areas in Slovakia.
The first eco-tourism project in India, Thenmala Eco-tourism Project has been formulated in and around Shenduruney Wildlife Sanctuary.
Inhul River Park is a regional landscape park in Mykolaiv region of Ukraine.
It was designated as a national park on 31 July 1987.
Abraham's Woods is a 40-acre forest in Green County, Wisconsin owned by the University of Wisconsin-Madison.
Oregon Route 242 separates the Three Sisters Wilderness from the Mount Washington Wilderness to the north, while the Waldo Lake Wilderness shares the southern boundary.
Welaka State Forest is adjacent to the Mount Royal site discussed by William Bartram in chapter 4 of Bartram's Travels.
Established in 1985, the park spans the municipalities of Saiki, Tsukumi, and Usuki.
The adjoining El Malpais National Monument was established at the same time and is managed by the National Park Service.
It earned $461,506 from activity fees and cost $1.2 million to operate.
European Route E6 also runs through the site, and the Norwegian Public Roads Administration has plans to expand the road to a four-lane motorway.
The area provides a home for a threatened bird species, the marbled murrelets.
Camley Street Natural Park is an urban nature reserve in King's Cross in central London and within the London Borough of Camden.
It occupies an area of 102 acres and was established in 1996.
Huntington State Beach is a protected beach in Southern California, located in the City of Huntington Beach in Orange County.
It is the largest publicly owned recreation area in this part of Massachusetts and is managed by the Department of Conservation and Recreation.
Alberto Manuel Brenes Biological Reserve is a nature reserve in the central part of Costa Rica.
Rivers and streams include the Lao, Sinni, Coscile, Garga, and Raganello.
The park admission fee is $3.00 per vehicle or golf cart, $2.00 per pedestrian or bicycle, and a donation of $2.00 is requested for the lighthouse.
Other wildlife includes the very rare snow leopard on the alpine meadows and snowfields above 2,500 m elevation, wild goats, roe deer and marmots.
Established in 1987, the park comprises areas of the eastern plains of Lake Biwa and the foothills of the Suzuka Mountains.
An archaeological site in the park was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1970.
The size of the reserve is 772 ha
Green Cay NWR is administered as part of the Caribbean Islands National Wildlife complex.
Chattahoochee State Park is a state-owned, public recreation area located in the extreme southeast corner of Alabama operated by the government of Houston County, Alabama.
It is named after the Pocharam lake, formed from the bunding of the Allair from 1916-1922.
The site was known as Cedar Creek Natural History Area until its change in 2007.
The area is an important migration route from Botswana to Angola for African elephant and some other game species.
Enclaved within its borders is Theodore Roosevelt National Park, which is managed by the National Park Service.
Wilderness areas within National Forests and Bureau of Land Management areas also allow hunting in season.
The refuge was established in 1935 and includes 19,500 acres.
Motorboats are now banned from operating on Brown Tract Ponds to provide a more compatible situation for canoes and other non-motorized boats utilized by the campers.
The park around the lagoon was created in 1940 to protect the lagoon and particularly the population of black-necked swans.
Eagles are seen in both the lower and upper regions.
This will provide resting and nesting cover for 219 species of migratory and nesting birds.
Rago National Park is a national park in the municipality of Sørfold in Nordland county, Norway.
It is managed by the Washington State Parks and Recreation Commission.
The Upper Mississippi River National Wildlife and Fish Refuge is a 240,000-acre, 261-mile long National Wildlife Refuge located in and along the Upper Mississippi River.
The preserve contains at least eleven identified wrecks.
Clifty Wilderness is a 13,344-acre wilderness area located in the U.S. state of Kentucky.
Several points of historical and recreational interest are located in the Bluestone area.
In the South the reserve reaches the Pendjari river, being Burkina Faso's border with Benin.
The 15,251-acre forest was created in 1930 as part of the Land Use and Resettlement Program.
Originally known as the Oklahoma Bat Caves National Wildlife Refuge, Ozark Plateau National Wildlife Refuge was established for the protection of endangered bats and their habitat.
Natural resources and its potential for recreational activities are the main values of the national park, which stretches over an area of 742.38 ha.
The state park is managed by the Connecticut Department of Energy and Environmental Protection.
It is managed by Naturschutzbund Deutschland on behalf of the Regierungsbezirk of Freiburg.
The park was created to protect the deciduous forest and representative wetlands of Mordovia.
The Norwegian part of the massif is protected by Norway's Fulufjellet National Park.
The refuge is an Easement refuge that is entirely on privately owned land, but the landowners and U.S. Government work cooperatively to protect the resources.
Park Headquarters are located in Fritch, Texas.
In May 2013, Rikers Island ranked as one of the ten worst correctional facilities in the United States, based on reporting in Mother Jones magazine.
Glacier View Wilderness is a 3,073-acre wilderness adjacent to the west side of Mount Rainier National Park in Washington State.
It protects an important watershed that serves as the water source for the surrounding communities in the municipality of Salcedo.
Plovers Lake Cave is a fossil-bearing breccia filled cavity in South Africa.
Exploration of the New World by Spaniards brought traders to the west coast of Florida to barter with the Indians as early as the 17th century.
It centers on Salt Creek and the impoundment of a tributary, Weldon Springs, to form Weldon Spring Lake, a reservoir.
North Sterling State Park is a Colorado State Park located in Logan County north of Sterling, Colorado, Colorado.
The protected area was established in 1967 when 890 hectares of forest in Central Mati was proclaimed as the Mati Watershed Forest Reserve through Proclamation No.
Arthur B. Ripley Desert Woodland State Park is a state park in the western Antelope Valley in Southern California.
The remainder of the park's 1,225 acres are on the east bank of the river.
Kumaraparvatha is the other peak that lies within it.
Considered an excellent backpacking region, there are over 150 miles of trails which generally follow the numerous streams and rivers.
It is the smallest wilderness area in the National Wilderness Preservation System, with a total size of five acres.
New Mexico is home to much of the Forest, including the Kiowa National Grassland 136,417 acres in Harding, Union, Mora, and Colfax counties, New Mexico.
Buffalo Springs National Reserve is a protected area in the Isiolo County in northern Kenya.
Sefuri Raizan Prefectural Natural Park is a Prefectural Natural Park in Fukuoka Prefecture, Japan.
Sheep Ridge Wilderness was designated in 1984, and it covers 9,315 acres in the Croatan National Forest in eastern North Carolina.
On land there are many types of animal as well including northern tamanduas, pacas, white-nosed coatis, raccoons, sloths, agoutis, mantled howlers and white-headed capuchins.
It has been a protected area since 1972.
In the 2004–2005 season more than 10,000 people visited the National Park, generating an income of Rs.100,000 from entrance fees.
The Nedrema wooded meadow, situated in the reserve, is Europe's largest traditional managed wooded meadow.
It is situated in North Central Slovakia in the Tatra Mountains.
It is managed by the National Trust.
The park is home to rugged mountains and the reservoir of the Sirikit Dam.
The park began as a 158.3 acre tract adjacent to Lake Altus donated to the state by local residents, who had bought the land for $51.58.
The western terminus of the Ice Age National Scenic Trail is on the Wisconsin side.
The red soil on Red Mountain is in the Littlered series.
The "Camp de pêche de la rivière Moisie" administers the following eight kilometers upstream.
Boquillas Canyon is the most accessible, as it can be reached via a popular RV campground.
Both areas include hiking trails, swimming beaches, boat ramps, and camping facilities.
It is one of the longest free-flowing and undeveloped rivers in Ontario.
Created on October 15, 1971, the forest is named after former Governor Samuel R. McKelvie.
The visitors' centre for the park is at Sairandhri.
The park offers opportunities for camping, hiking, picnicking, canoeing and fly-fishing along the Housatonic River.
The forest is made up of pitch pine and scrub oaks and is managed by the Department of Conservation and Recreation.
Pachaug State Forest is the largest forest in the Connecticut state forest system, encompassing over 27,000 acres of land.
It is administered by the US Forest Service.
On September 29, 1970, it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
Established in 1983 and covering 2,550 square kilometres, it is one of Finland's largest protected areas.
The park is located in the vast Lambwe Valley.
In 1983, three wildlife sanctuaries in the area namely, Chilla, Motichur and Rajaji sanctuaries were merged into one.
The park was formerly a dairy ranch, and many of the ranch buildings have been restored for use as a museum.
The area was added to the National Wilderness Preservation System by Congress in 1978.
The conservation area contains much of Gould Lake.
The nature reserve is situated in and around Parika bog, and consists of a system of bogs and small lakes.
From Fronteras the river flows east for a couple of miles.
Indigenous wildlife such as pronghorn, white-tailed deer, mule deer, coyote and fox are plentiful.
Together with the Vysokyi Zamok the hills of Park Znesinnya form Lviv's distinctive city skyline, known from drawings going back to the 16th century.
The forest is named after Albert Gallatin, U.S. Secretary of the Treasury and scholar of Native American languages and cultures.
Located immediately across the highway from Shannon Falls is a privately operated campground and restaurant, plus the entrance to the Darrell Bay ferry terminal for Woodfibre.
Rokua National Park is a national park in the Northern Ostrobothnia region of Finland.
The Sierra del Lacandón is a low karstic mountain range in Guatemala and Mexico.
It is managed by the Washington State Parks and Recreation Commission.
Along the twisting road are several local vendors of honey and mountain tea.
Under the deal, Tuhoe will get $170 million and more control over Te Urewera.
Many rare plants, including several orchids, occur on the refuge.
The breeding range of this species is primarily restricted to the northern Lower Peninsula of Michigan, and several locations in Michigan's Upper Peninsula and Wisconsin.
There are opportunities for hiking, horseback riding, and hunting in the WMA.
The facility is on the grounds of the former Rocky Mountain Arsenal, a United States Army chemical weapons manufacturing facility.
Also, the refuge extensively manages land for the endangered red-cockaded woodpecker.
The 20-acre refuge was established on October 23, 1908.
The park is named after former provincial Member of the Legislative Assembly William Switzer.
Red Rock State Park serves as an environmental education facility for the public and for school or private groups, and provides limited passive recreational opportunities.
Grays Harbor is designated as a Western Hemisphere Shorebird Reserve Network Site, recognizing this internationally significant shorebird habitat.
The state is updating its master plan for redevelopment of the area.
The park also protects important Peary caribou habitat.
It is located on private land and is not accessible by the public.
The 2,287-acre forest is located in North Central Florida, upstream from Welaka on the eastern bank of the St. Johns River.
Towards the later part of the 18th century, its scientific name was Ursine bradypus, Ursiform sloth or Bradypus ursinus.
As a part of developing ecotourism Gujarat Government has developed a campsite at Kilad.
The origin of the name Sitting Bull Falls remains uncertain.
There have been recorded over one hundred different bird species, including the Lesson's motmot and black-faced antthrush.
The mine is situated within the Lunedale fault system, at the southern limit of the Alston Block.
The park is valued for its floral diversity.
The Bear Valley National Wildlife Refuge is a wildlife refuge in the southwestern part of Klamath County, Oregon, near the California border.
It is also a refuge for the endangered Amur tiger.
The Rock Creek Roadless Area is located northwest of Buffalo, Wyoming, in the Bighorn National Forest.
The Pepperbox Wilderness Area, an Adirondack Park unit of the New York Forest Preserve, lies entirely within the town of Webb in Herkimer County.
Lake Malawi National Park is a national park located in Malawi at the southern end of Lake Malawi.
The National Marine Sanctuary program is administered by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration.
Delta Meadows is primarily accessible by boat.
Ez Zeraf Game Reserve is a 675,000-hectare protected area in northern South Sudan.
Dug in 1873, the canal allowed felled trees to be floated from Lake Mitchell to lumber mills on Lake Cadillac.
Nearly one-quarter of the Pryor Mountains Wild Horse Range lies within the Bighorn Canyon National Recreation Area.
Under university auspices, excavation at the bone bed has continued in the summers of 2006, 2007 and 2008.
The nature reserve protects California interior chaparral and woodlands habitat, in the Northern Inner California Coast Ranges.
It contains the active Platanar Volcano, the dormant Porvenir Volcano, and the inactive El Viejo Volcano.
In 2000, it was reclassified as a protected landscape by Proclamation No.
The refuge has numerous lakes and extensive marshlands along Willow Creek, which provide nesting habitat for over a hundred bird species.
It supports a variety of endemic flora and fauna and is also noted for its waterfalls, rivers and springs.
American frontiersman Daniel Boone is credited with being the first person of European descent to discover the Breaks, which he first saw in 1767.
It is listed as a tentative site in Bhutan's Tentative List for UNESCO inclusion.
An entrance to the park is at the intersection of Scenic Drive and Cinema Drive, one mile west of the intersection of Cinema Drive/Ridge Manor Blvd.
There is also a population of the rare Kerry slug.
The Oostvaardersplassen]) is a nature reserve in the Netherlands, which is managed by the State Forestry Service.
As the park is accessible only by a three-hour boat journey, the cyclone season is best avoided.
It was established on 10 May 2001.
It is administered by the United States Forest Service as part of the Allegheny National Forest.
The park is easily accessed via BC Highway 16.
Smoke Hole Canyon, a canyon along the South Branch Potomac River.
Three steep-sided ridges descend west from the crest of the Unicoi Mountains — Brush Mountain, Pine Ridge, and Sassafras Ridge.
Although it has been remodeled several times, the station serves as the sole representative of a true Victorian-era style station built on the Great Lakes.
The islands of Smith, Hoffman, Langham, and Willow are all located inside the park on the Kankakee River.
At various times other people tried to live on the island, but the harsh conditions, isolation and a lack of fresh water made it very difficult.
Most of the major peaks over 4,000 feet high for peak-bagging in New Hampshire are located in the National Forest.
The park is open from 8:00 am till one hour before sunset year-round.
Elephant numbers have recovered from poaching in the 1970s and 80s.
It is the 6th largest of Korea’s mountain parks with an area of 275 km2.
Its western extremity, Cape San Antonio, is the westernmost point of Cuba.
The park covers an area of 9,065 square kilometres.
The highest elevation in the Big Frog Wilderness is the 4,224-foot peak of Big Frog Mountain in Tennessee.
In 2010, a further problem was drought, with the terraces drying up completely in March of that year.
El Malpais National Monument is a National Monument located in western New Mexico, in the Southwestern United States.
The lake's water commonly has a striking blue hue, and the lake is re-filled entirely from direct precipitation in the form of snow and rain.
It extends deep inside the governor's estate, enclosing beautiful forests, scrub lands, lakes and streams.
Both the wilderness area and the National Monument are administered by the federal Bureau of Land Management.
This has resulted in little wildlife and game in the park.
Fall River Heritage State Park is a history-themed public recreation area on the Taunton River in Fall River, Massachusetts.
The land and waters support a variety of songbirds, mammals, shorebirds, fish, reptiles and amphibians.
The Laguna Conceja has a higher degree of natural protection in respect of the rest of the lagoons.
A new museum was built to provide for interpretation of his life and place.
It was gazetted in 1996 and covers 4,520 square kilometres.
Audubon Canyon is a coastal valley in Marin County, California, United States, which is associated with a small stream.
It is a unique habitat with a diverse flora and fauna.
A majority of the park is within the Santa Rosa and San Jacinto Mountains National Monument.
A glacial tongue blocked Lake Michigan's drainage, causing the water level to rise and flood the forest, carrying in sediments which buried the forest floor.
The park is owned by the Government of the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands, and is managed in cooperation with the National Park Service.
Habitats in the latter ecoregion include Chunga Lagoon and the Kafue Flats, and drier grassland between floodplain and woodland dominated by termite mounds.
Sheyenne Lake NWR is an easement refuge and is on privately owned land, but the landowners and U.S. Government work cooperatively to protect the resources.
It was established in 1899 and is one of the largest parks in Topeka.
The Maasai Mara National Reserve is a large game reserve in Narok County, Kenya; contiguous with the Serengeti National Park in Mara Region, Tanzania.
Locust Grove State Historic Site, located near St. Francisville, Louisiana, commemorates a family cemetery that is part of the former Locust Grove Plantation.
The refuge is popular with birdwatchers and wildlife enthusiasts.
The park was established on 26 June 2009 and was the first national marine park in the country of Norway.
Park amenities include a golf course, a heated saltwater swimming pool, three campgrounds, and a network of over 100 km of hiking and biking trails.
This provides a migratory stop for waterfowl, including Bonaparte's gulls.
Two traditional mountain farms exist in the area.
Notable birds that inhabit in the area are the austral parakeet and the Andean condor.Lenga is the most common tree species in the reserve.
There are also mosses, lichens, shrubs and trees in this glen, which is classified as a deciduous climax forest.
Palmetto Island State Park has a visitor's center which houses a multi-purpose room that can rented for meetings, weddings and other social events.
Exposed on the steep lakeshore is a stratum of floral remains embedded in sediment, which is sandwiched between layers of glacial till.
The little-known park, not even among Minnesota's most popular, won in a surprise landslide, capturing 28% of the more than 5.7 million votes.
The Park lies within Podkarpackie Voivodeship: in Brzozów County, Dębica County, Krosno County and Strzyżów County.
Located just west of Interstate 5, between the towns of Castella and Dunsmuir, Castle Crags is today a popular tourist stop along the highway.
The Wasur National Park forms part of the largest wetland in Papua province of Indonesia and has been the least disturbed by human activity.
It was named for Roger W. Wheeler, the founder of the Rhode Island State Life-Saving System.
The Aklis Archeological Site, a prehistoric shell midden on the coast, is in the refuge.
The park offers year-round recreation, including fishing, swimming, boating, hiking, picnicking and environmental and historical education programs.
It is located near Barnes Island off the northeast coast of Orcas Island.
Established on January 1, 1954, it covers 174 hectares.
Most of the transboundary nature reserve, some 134 km2, lies in Germany, in the west of the state of Lower Saxony.
There are several safety zones where hunting is prohibited or restricted.
The winters are often bitter with deep snowfalls and frigid temperatures.
Box-Death Hollow Wilderness is a 25,751 acres wilderness area located in south-central Utah, United States, on the Dixie National Forest.
It contains part of the shoreline of the largest manmade reservoir in Illinois, Carlyle Lake.
The forested area ranges from 100–450 metres above sea level.
Following a history of repeated drug violations at Schwagstock, the US Drug Enforcement Administration seized the property and subsequently auctioned it off.
The park offers seven hides and one tower for bird watchers.
The refuge contains the majority of critical habitat for the Coachella Valley Fringe-toed Lizard within the Coachella Valley Preserve and Indio Hills Palms State Reserve.
It is one of two known nesting sites of whooping cranes.
The area is remote, with no public transportation available.
The German part of the core area is the Nationalpark Unteres Odertal.
Setonaikai National Park is a national park comprising areas of Japan's Inland Sea and of ten bordering Prefectures.
Pinhook Bog is a unique bog in Indiana that has been designated a National Natural Landmark.
The refuge was established in 1990 under the authority of the Emergency Wetlands Resources Act of 1986.
The Tuul River runs through the park.
The Ak-Sar Ben Aquarium features twelve viewing tanks with a variety of fish species.
Chester F. Phelps Wildlife Management Area is owned and maintained by the Virginia Department of Game and Inland Fisheries.
The reserve also contains a great variety of plant species, especially lianas, shrubs and small trees.
It is now adopted as the flagship species for conservation in Zanzibar, from the mid-1990s.
The Conscience Point National Wildlife Refuge was established July 20, 1971 as a land gift from Stanley Howard.
It was established in 1986 and covers an area of 359 square kilometres.
The park is divided into east and west sections by the A109 road and a railway.
It is located near Park Hill, Oklahoma on a peninsula jutting into Lake Tenkiller in the Cookson Hills, south of Tahlequah.
Gwaii Haanas protects an archipelago of 138 islands, the largest being Moresby Island and the southernmost being Kunghit Island.
Established in 1955 it is located in Kompienga Province and covers an area of 2237 km².
Mabula Game Reserve is a private game reserve situated in the Limpopo province of South Africa.
The wilderness was created by the U.S. Congress in 1992 as part of the Los Padres Condor Range and River Protection Act.
Ugra National Park is a national park in central Russia, located in Kaluga Oblast, in the valley of the Ugra River.
It is situated just east of Hurworth Burn Reservoir, about 8 km west of Hartlepool.
It is located in the Pugu Hills area, about 20 km south-west of Dar es Salaam.
Port Louisa is the northernmost refuge in the Mark Twain National Wildlife Refuge Complex.
There are two primitive campsites and a youth camping area.
It was declared a national park in 1939 by virtue of Republic Act No.
Washita Battlefield National Historic Site protects and interprets the site of the Southern Cheyenne village of Chief Black Kettle where the Battle of Washita occurred.
Kõrgessaare Nature Reserve is a nature reserve situated on Hiiumaa island in western Estonia, in Hiiu County.
The park sits at an elevation of 515 feet.
A network of trails runs between the tracts and abutting conservation land.
The preserve is owned and maintained by the Virginia Department of Conservation and Recreation, and it hosts an agricultural lease as of 2016.
It was established in 2009 as Papua New Guinea's first conservation area, and named after the Yopno, Uruwa and Som rivers that flow through it.
Lake Havasu State Park is a state park located on Lake Havasu in Mohave County, Arizona, USA.
The Ice Age National Scenic Trail passes through the park.
The park was dedicated by former Texas Governor Pat Neff and opened to the public in May 1941.
Established May 5, 1980, the sanctuary in the Santa Barbara Channel is an area of national significance because of its natural environment and resources.
The park was named for former governor Frank O'Bannon and houses the O'Bannon Woods Interpretive Center, which offers exhibits and nature programs year round.
It has the largest collection of ancient First Nations petroglyphs in Ontario.
Wangchuck Centennial was established on December 12, 2008 in honor of the Wangchuck dynasty, founded in 1907.
It has the largest remaining block of old growth lowland dipterocarp forest in Zamboanga.
The forest reserve is hilly with very steep slopes.
The site contains the Miravalles Volcano, which is still active although the last recorded eruption was only of steam vents in 1946.
Festningen is a traditional name given by Norwegian hunters to the area because it looked like a natural fortress.
Habitats within the park include wetlands, forests and dunes.
Typically, an astronomer from the Smithsonian Institution is among the leaders.
Other seabird species also use the island.
Sequim Bay State Park is a 92-acre Washington state park that sits within the Sequim rain shadow on the Olympic Peninsula in Clallam County.
The narrow, 1,025-acre state park follows the course of the meandering Westfield River which forms the park's northern border.
The cultural and recreational life emulated English upper class society.
National Park Zuid-Kennemerland is a national park in the province of North Holland in the Netherlands and was established in 1995.
Frederick Law Olmsted National Historic Site is open to the public.
The Alger Underwater Preserve is a preservation area in the U.S. state of Michigan.
Kiunga Marine National Reserve is situated along the Indian Ocean coast of Lamu District, Coast Province, Kenya.
Wilderness areas within National Forests and Bureau of Land Management areas also allow hunting in season.
Travelers left signatures, names, dates, and stories of their treks.
Ao Phang Nga National Park is in Phang Nga Province in southern Thailand.
Cartland Craigs is a woodland on the outskirts of Lanark, South Lanarkshire, in Scotland.
Between 1967 and 1988 it was a protected landscape area.
The Heritage Center offers unique space available for rent.
The refuge attracts waterbirds, white-tailed deer, red fox, and migratory songbirds and raptors.
As the dunes are a nesting area for sensitive species, public access is limited to the paths and trails.
After the war 210 acres were acquired by St. Louis County in 1955.
It is partly covered with tropical rainforest, dry and mixed evergreen forest.
Since 1986, the park has not been open to tourism due to the fragile nature of both the natural and archaeological environment.
Only the northern part of the park consists of primary rainforest, while the rest is secondary forest, as result of previous logging.
The Breaks country was a model for many of the paintings done by painter Charles M. Russell.
LaVerkin Creek Wilderness is bordered by the Zion Wilderness to the south.
The park has a typical Sudanian Savanna ecology.
Bald eagle, heron, duck, belted kingfisher and hawks are known to inhabit the refuge.
It consists of beaches, dunes and a coastal hammock between the Atlantic Ocean and the waters of Tucker Cove, an indentation of the Indian River Lagoon.
The highest peak in Utah, Kings Peak, lies within the wilderness area along with some of Utah's highest peaks, particularly those over 13,000 feet.
These woods are the last remaining temperate forests with evergreen laurel undergrowth in Europe.
There are twenty-seven species of rodent, of which seventeen are endemic to the island.
Valdivian Coastal Reserve is a natural reserve located in the Cordillera Pelada, in Los Ríos Region of Chile, near Corral.
The Clayoquot Sound Biosphere Reserve, established in 2000, includes three watersheds in the western area of the park.
Although this mining obliterated the original cave entrance and parts of the system, the miners largely followed the original contours of the system.
The structure was expanded and rebuilt by different rulers over the course of time.
Olympic Wilderness is a 1,370-square-mile protected area comprising over 95% of Olympic National Park in Washington State.
The combined area for the national park and the buffer zone surrounding the park is approximately 700,000 hectares.
This association was incorporated in 2009 to the "Registraire des entreprises du Québec".
It is located in the Nilgiri Hills, within the Palakkad District of Kerala, South India.
It covers an area of 10.85 ha and has a protection level of 4.
The mesa is about an hour's drive northwest of Prescott in the Juniper Mountains of Yavapai County.
Created by an act of Congress in 1978, the wilderness is within Lolo National Forest, and protects the northern portion of the Sapphire Mountains.
It lies three hours from Cape Town in the Overberg region, near Cape Agulhas, the southern tip of Africa.
El Golfete is about 16 kilometres long and a couple of miles wide.
The area includes 529 acres of lakes and 17 miles along the Pigeon River.
Bear Rock Lakes Wildlife Management Area is a 242-acre protected area located in Ohio County, West Virginia, about 8 miles east of Wheeling.
It consists of a combination of two trunks that have merged leaving a hole in the middle.
294 by then President Manuel Luis Quezon.
An entry permit is required and can be obtained at the gatehouses at De Kelders, Uilkraalsmond and Walker Bay Fishing Trail.
Later, Archaic people established semi-permanent rockshelters in and around the mesa.
It is estimated that more than 260,000 pairs of Atlantic puffins nest there during the late spring and summer.
The park, which is about 2 miles south of Medora, is used for camping, horse camping, and canoeing.
It is open to the public; an admission fee is charged.
Bottle Beach State Park is a 75-acre state-operated, public recreation area on the southern shore of Grays Harbor in Grays Harbor County, Washington.
West of the Hole Tree in Hestehaves twin wood, Ringelmose, is a holy spring by the forest track from, Bregnet Church, leading into the wood.
Formerly a site for intensive commercial forestry, the Repovesi area successfully transformed into a pristine national park.
It consists of three semi-contiguous units: Honey Run Unit, Canyon Unit and Virgin Valley Unit.
Mont-Mégantic National Park is a national park in Quebec, Canada.
The San Esteban National Park is located in Carabobo, Venezuela.
It has a total area of 2,485 km2.
The falls are part of a 217-acre open space preserve acquired in 1951 by the land conservation non-profit organization The Trustees of Reservations.
This reserve is of difficult access and the closest village Sahalentina at 41.6km distance cannot be reached in the rain season from November to March.
The area is a stopover for neotropical migrants and several species of waterbirds.
The WMA consists of several units, including the 650 acres Birding Islands segment.
Viewing the sunset over the sound, bird watching, and kite-flying are among the favorite activities of visitors.
The park includes a restaurant which is open year-round and has banquet facilities.
Dillberry Lake Provincial Park is a provincial park in Alberta, Canada, located 43 km north from Provost and 17 km south of Chauvin along Highway 17.
The Bornean Sun Bear Conservation Centre is a wildlife conservation and research centre for improving animal welfare and rehabilitation of the Malayan sun bear.
After a mile it passes a 1930s bungalow that serves as a park residence.
It is a multi-use trail converted from abandoned railroad corridors.
Its national park status was passed on 22 January 1954, making it the third oldest national park in Spain.
Congress permitted the memorial to be constructed within "Area 1", the central core of the District of Columbia centered on the National Mall, or Area II.
Peacock Beach State Park is a locally managed, public recreation area on Pleasant Pond in Richmond, Maine.
"Hin ngam" means "beautiful stone", "pa" means "forest".
Kentucky's Natural Bridge State Park is immediately adjacent to this area, featuring one of the largest natural bridges in the Red River Gorge.
Basaseachic Falls empties into Candameña Canyon which was carved by the Basaseachic River over millions of years.
James "Pate" Philip, is an American politician from Wood Dale, Illinois.
The Giant Sequoia National Monument is a 328,000-acre U.S. National Monument located in the southern Sierra Nevada in eastern central California.
Next in size is the coeval Meiji no Mori Minō Quasi-National Park in Ōsaka Prefecture, to which the park is connected by the Tōkai Nature Trail.
The Park lies within Lower Silesian Voivodeship: in Jawor County and Legnica County.
There is an extensive trail system that winds through the park and offers visitors the chance to see an array of plants and animals.
It encompasses an extensive upland area that includes the headwaters of the River Tees and the surrounding catchment area upstream of the village of Langdon Beck.
Animals include bald eagles, timber wolves, black bears, white-tailed deer, and moose.
All water that enters the lake is eventually lost from evaporation or subsurface seepage.
The park is home to the last climax beech-maple forest in Michigan, which occupies 200 acres.
Lake Shinryū is also a component of the park.
A hike on the opposite side of the park also features a short but steep stair-climb to Fintry Falls of Shorts Creek, the park's main feature.
The mountain range is named after the endangered Clanwilliam cedar, which is a tree endemic to the area.
The vicinity of the fort ruins also afford sweeping views of the city.
The Warner crest divides waters that flow west into the Sacramento/Pit River drainage, and east into the Great Basin Alkali lakes of Surprise Valley.
In late 2008, the champions Alysheba and Funny Cide became residents, but Alysheba died at the park in March 2009.
Park rangers present campfire programs and nature hikes at the bigger campgrounds during the summer.
The state park is located off Louisiana State Highway 25 south of Franklinton, in Washington Parish.
Also popular at Interlochen State Park is the Three Discipline Triathlon Event hosted each July.
Kishwaukee River State Fish and Wildlife Area is an Illinois state park on 570 acres in DeKalb County, Illinois, United States.
The Ash Meadows National Wildlife Refuge is a protected wildlife refuge located in the Amargosa Valley of southern Nye County, in southwestern Nevada.
It is located on the Rainy River between International Falls and Baudette in Koochiching County.
Black Rock Forest is a 3,870-acre forest and biological field station maintained by Black Rock Forest Consortium.
The park's namesake served as Broward County Attorney for over 30 years and was instrumental in obtaining the land for the park.
These rocks host sensitive flora, and contain some of the oldest fossils in existence, some 1.6 billion years of age.
It is managed as part of Eastshore State Park by the East Bay Regional Park District.
The first white men to visit this area were members of the Sibley expedition in 1811, who named it the Grand Saline.
Home to waterfalls and forests, the park is also the site of a venerated Buddha footprint.
Kenneth Hahn State Recreation Area, or Hahn Park, is a state park unit of California in the Baldwin Hills Mountains of Los Angeles.
It contains 10,800 acres of old-growth forest as well as recovering redwood forest, with mixed conifer, oaks, chaparral and riparian habitats.
There are also many karst features, namely caves, Harmanec Cave being the only one open to the public.
Like Mackinac Island, the Mackinac Wilderness is pronounced Mack-in-aw, and is often misspelled accordingly.
The purpose of Koli National Park isn't to preserve wild nature, but the traditional agricultural heritage is cherished in Koli.
Fish and Wildlife Service and along with Fort Niobrara and Valentine National Wildlife Refuges, form the Fort Niobrara National Wildlife Refuge Complex.
Local farmers, under agreements with the refuge, oversee the ground preparation, seeding, and irrigation of these croplands.
The main features of the monument are a valley of the Niobrara River and the fossils found on Carnegie Hill and University Hill.
There are local ranger district offices in Bridgeville, Gasquet, Orleans, and Willow Creek.
Nahuelbuta National Park is one of the few parks located in La Araucanía Region of Chile's Coastal Mountain Range.
It consists of a group of fields, located in the Wear valley, 1 km north-west of the village of Cowshill.
It was created to protect important nesting beaches of the Olive ridley sea turtle.
Año Nuevo State Natural Reserve, formerly a separate unit of the California state park system, was merged into Año Nuevo State Park in October 2008.
Trigo Mountains Wilderness is a 30,300-acre wilderness area in the U.S. state of Arizona and was established in 1990.
The facility is unstaffed, but is administered by the Mountain Longleaf National Wildlife Refuge in Anniston, Alabama.
The park is located less than a mile from Interstate 75, which provides easy access from the neighboring areas of Detroit, Toledo, and Windsor.
It is used by migratory birds, and is popular for birdwatching, walking, and bicycling.
The NBR consists of approximately 18,800 acres and is managed by the U.S.
In addition to being wilderness, it is a designated black bear sanctuary.
Over 50 threatened and endangered species are found within the refuge's boundaries.
The park derives its name from Mount Kinpu and encompasses Honmyōji, Ohagi gardens, and Mount Sanno.
To the west it adjoins the Sankhuwasabha District.
In 1982, the Youth Conservation Corp constructed the trail and parking at the east side of the unit on County Road 600 E.
The area is open to the public for hunting, trapping, hiking, horseback riding, and primitive camping.
The area was designated a zone d'exploitation contrôlée in 1978.
Potholes State Park is a 640-acre Washington state park situated on the southern shore of Potholes Reservoir, 25 miles northwest of Othello.
Increased use of the area by non-nudist walkers and families resulted in complaints about nudism and antisocial behaviour.
It was later expanded in 2009 after further fossil discoveries.
The Powderhorn is an important watershed for the Gunnison River.
The park is 191 acres and sits at an elevation of 1,453 feet.
It is located three miles north of Fort Bragg in Mendocino County.
The Santa Catalina Ranger District near the city of Tucson comprises the Santa Catalina and Rincon Mountains.
The mostly forested park is divided into east and west sections by the Songo River.
In addition, the giant sacaton grassland in the valley was once described as "a luxuriant meadow some eight or ten miles long and a mile wide."
More images related to the Namib-Naukluft National Park
The Berkley State Forest is a small tract of forest land located near Route 24 in Berkley, Massachusetts.
As many as 75,000 geese of various species may simultaneously use the staging area in autumn, and large populations of ducks are also easily observed.
Other 'regeneration' parks, also delisted on July 17, 1947, included Buffalo National Park and Nemiskam National Park and Menissawok National Park in Saskatchewan.
The park protects forests, mangroves, monkeys, sloths, caiman, crocodile, and 28 species of amphibians and reptiles.
The park is open for year-round recreation including camping, hiking, boating, mountain biking, fishing, and picnicking.
It is strategically located within the Pacific Flyway to provide Arctic nesting geese and ducks a wintering site and a resting stopover.
The fauna includes birds and off-shore species.
The park offers year-round camping, hiking, and fishing and is managed by the Missouri Department of Natural Resources.
Andrew Craigie, Washington's Apothecary General, was the next person to own the home for a significant period of time.
Ånderdalen National Park is located on the large island of Senja in Troms county, Norway.
Beneath the trees, flowers such as sweetscented bedstraw, spring vetchling, common toothwort and Viola mirabilis are known to grow.
Lokobe Reserve is a nature reserve in northwestern Madagascar.
Located near Elizabethtown, it covers 1,221-acre, including Singletary Lake, one of the largest Carolina bays.
Wah-Sha-She Park, formerly named Wah-Sha-She State Park, is on the shore of Hulah Lake in Osage County, Oklahoma.
These meadows provide excellent views of the surrounding area and present a striking change in scenery from the surrounding forests.
The route of the Trans-Siberian Railroad passes by the two sections of the park.
Crow Lake Provincial Park is a provincial park in Alberta, Canada.
In 2013, Death Valley National Park was designated as a dark sky park by the International Dark-Sky Association.
The eastern part of the Wilderness in Georgia includes an area on Coleman River.
The name is derived from the Ute word Wasatch for a low place in high mountains, and the French word Cache meaning to hide.
The Wisconsin park is 1,330 acres and the Minnesota park is 298 acres.
It was established on 1 January 1959 and covers an area of 234.4 square kilometres.
Just after the river flows from Lake Izabal it is spanned by one of the biggest bridges in Central America.
The park features hiking and biking trails, cross country skiing, and a play barn.
The site was designated a National Historic Landmark in 1973.
The Polish Coastal Landscape Park is a protected area in northern Poland, established in 1978, covering an area of 188 square kilometres.
It abuts the shores of Minnitaki Lake, with the nearest settlement at Sioux Lookout, about 20 km to the north.
Sao Frest Forest Park is a forest park in the Gambia.
The park was reduced in 1987 to its present size of 23,688 hectares and is now wholly located in Bataan province.
Nokrek is also an Important Bird Area.
The ocean beaches include Ingonish Beach, North Bay Beach, Broad Cove Beach, Black Brook Beach and La Block Beach.
It is situated just north of Darlington, about 1 km south of the village of Coatham Mundeville.
It was designated on October 20, 1976, with 19,270 acres, and was expanded to 24,719 acres in 2005.
Padre Island National Seashore is a national seashore located on Padre Island off the coast of South Texas.
It was designated a National Natural Landmark in June 1983.
The state forest is named after its dominant old-growth tree, the white pine.
Clear Lake State Park is a state park of California, USA, on Clear Lake.
It consists of diverse wetland habitats surrounded by upland habitat of big sagebrush and native steppe grasses.
It is 2-3 kilometers wide and 12.5 kilometers long and the vale of Gryżyna is its axis.
It surrounds a significant portion of Canada's most populated and fastest-growing area—the Golden Horseshoe.
It covers an area of approximately 2,825 ha.
The Bandiagara Escarpment was listed in the UNESCO World Heritage List in 1989.
The area is managed by the U.S. National Park Service as part of the North Cascades National Park Service Complex.
Coastal erosion from the adjacent Torrey Pines State Reserve makes for a picturesque landscape.
It is the fifth largest chamber in North America and the twenty-eighth largest in the world.
The forest comprises 1,819,515 acres and has portions of both the Absaroka-Beartooth and Lee Metcalf Wilderness areas within its boundaries.
The American Bird Conservancy has designated the refuge as a Globally Important Bird Area.
It was established on September 25, 1890.
Francis William Bird Park is an 89-acre landscaped and waterscaped park located in Walpole, Massachusetts.
Sam A. Baker State Park is a state-owned, public recreation area encompassing 5,323 acres in the Saint Francois Mountains region of the Missouri Ozarks.
The Gila National Forest is a protected national forest in New Mexico in the southwestern part of the United States established in 1905.
The Asubima Forest Reserve is a 7,870-hectare protected area near Akumadan, Ghana and was established in 1945.
Common birds include turkey vulture, Steller's jay, Clark's nutcracker, mountain bluebird and mountain chickadee.
Deam Lake and the park facilities were constructed during the 1960s, opening in 1965.
The park was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2016 for its CCC-related architecture.
The Maah Daah Hey Trail connects all three units.
Also the garden has large collection of unique and rare tropical and subtropical plants that are represented in the greenhouse.
It is believed that the park's altitude varies between 1300 and 2400 meters including the cedar forest located in the province of Ifrane.
Loess covers most of the hills and forms the parent material of a brown silt loam soil.
The park is 6,000 acres in size and was once the home of the Chitimacha Indians.
The park is open year round, except Christmas Day, and does not charge an admission, parking, or program fee.
The community of Liard River, British Columbia is located nearby.
The area's wildlife includes deer, bobcat, mottled duck, and wild turkey.
Further east, and running almost north to south, are the A37 and A39.
a wetland on the list of the Ramsar Convention
Dead Timber State Recreation Area was the site of a seasonal Indian encampment.
Wills Mountain State Park is an undeveloped public recreation area on Wills Mountain overlooking the Cumberland Narrows in Allegany County, Maryland.
Wild Horse State Recreation Area is a public recreation area located on the northeast shore of Wild Horse Reservoir, approximately 67 miles north of Elko, Nevada.
The park can be reached by car or by train.
Waterfowl and other varieties of aquatic wildlife reside in the park as the park is subject to flooding during rainy periods.
The reserve has picnic sites, the remains of a prehistoric shell midden and walking trails, with a walkway and pedestrian bridge that span the lagoon.
Established in 2003, The reserve comes under the authority of the government's Fisheries Department, but is managed by the Southern Environmental Association, a community-based organisation.
It is located in Kanbalu Township in Sagaing Division.
Local citizens dismantled the fort for its timber, and by 1828 little remained.
Fort Foster was originally built in December 1836 under the direction of Lt. Col. William S. Foster on the site of Fort Alabama.
This wooded area is located near Santiniketan in Bolpur subdivision of Birbhum District in the Indian state of West Bengal.
The national park of Gouraya is one of the coastal national parks of Algeria.
On August 16, 2003, a lightning strike near the island started the 2003 Okanagan Mountain Park Fire that burned a large portion of the surrounding park.
Tam Dao National Park is a protected area zone in North Vietnam.
It is maintained by the Illinois Department of Natural Resources.
The park has 555 feet of saltwater shoreline on Triton Cove and Hood Canal.
Samuel-Brisson Ecological Reserve is an ecological reserve in Quebec, Canada.
There are also a number of hiking trails for tourists.
During the winter, Fundy National Park is available for day use, at one's own risk.
Named after the local ghosts, the zone of Phae Mueang Phi includes mushroom rocks and distinctive pillars shaped by natural erosive action.
It is part of the EU-wide Natura 2000-network.
Nirjutiqavvik National Wildlife Area is a National Wildlife Area on Coburg Island within Qikiqtaaluk, Nunavut, Canada.
It boasts scenery similar to the nearby Boundary Waters Canoe Area Wilderness, with the added conveniences of road access, modern facilities, and motorboating.
In addition to camping, park activities include boating, fishing, clam digging, and crabbing.
The complex array of freshwater and brackish lakes, riparian areas, and wet meadows, provide habitat and large, undisturbed, tracts for a variety of wildlife species.
The John Marsh House was added to the National Register of Historic Places under Criteria A, B and C on October 7, 1971.
In 2005, a study estimated the West African lion population of the Park to be about 120.
Radal Siete Tazas National Park is a national park located in Curicó Province, Maule Region, Chile.
Tuttle Educational State Forest is a 288-acre North Carolina State Forest near Lenoir, North Carolina.
Park activities include picnicking, shellfish harvesting, fishing, boating, beachcombing, and scuba diving.
The sparsely populated landscape consists of large peat areas, heather, and small lakes.
The 1,548-acre park established in 1987 and surrounded by the White River National Forest includes a 42-acre lake and 1.5 miles of trails.
Zion National Park includes mountains, canyons, buttes, mesas, monoliths, rivers, slot canyons, and natural arches.
St. Andrews State Park is a 1,200-acre Florida State Park located three miles east of Panama City Beach Florida, off U.S. 98.
The forest was founded in 1928, but most of the land came from purchases made later during the Great Depression.
187 of June 20, 1990 of the Council of Ministers of Kyrgyz SSR, the reserve's area is 8,712 hectares.
Mount Washington State Forest is a publicly owned forest with recreational and scenic features covering 4,619 acres in the town of Mount Washington, Massachusetts.
Abshir Ata Waterfall is a geological reserve at Abshir Say River in Nookat District of Osh Province of Kyrgyzstan.
The N'Zo Partial Faunal Reserve is a designated site in Côte d'Ivoire, given status in 1971.
The Wilderness Area is a vast wetland, and it lacks trails and campsites.
At 1,805 km2, it is the second largest national park in Atlantic Canada; it is surpassed by Torngat Mountains National Park, which is 9,700 km2.
The WMA is located on land around Lucky Peak Lake, a reservoir on formed by the Lucky Peak Dam on the Boise River.
The West Virginia State Wildlife Center is a zoological park in French Creek, West Virginia.
The southern half is a wildlife refuge, with several wildlife viewing stations and a nature center.
Established on January 1, 1954, it covers 1161 hectares.
Cape Meares National Wildlife Refuge is a National Wildlife Refuge of the Oregon Coast.
Prominent places within the Forest include the Lick Creek Settlement, Potts Creek Rockshelter Archeological Site, and Jacob Rickenbaugh House.
The park consists of 8,253 acres west of the lake itself, in Harrison County, near Karnack, Texas.
Robert Louis Stevenson State Park is a California state park, located in Sonoma, Lake and Napa counties United States.
The area was designated a quasi-national park on March 31, 1975.
Pocosin Lakes NWR was established in 1990.
This site, which is 129 square kilometres, is rich both in faunal and floral species.
Later the Dakota people interred their dead there as well.
Approximately 8,200 visitors annually participate in refuge programs ranging from waterfowl hunting to wildlife viewing.
The park covers an area of 13 km2 of the Pa Kua Num Forest Reserve.
The Cibola National Forest is organized into several divisions over three states.
The nearest town is Goreville, Illinois, and the nearest connection to a limited-access highway is at Exit 7 on the Illinois portion of Interstate 24.
The cave was discovered on August 15, 1969, northeast of the city of Tamura and was originally named Kamayama Shonyu-do.
For town near Raniganj in Bardhaman district see Ballavpur
The park commemorates the Battle of Point Pleasant, fought between the settler militia of Virginia and the forces of Shawnee Chief Cornstalk on October 10, 1774.
Mount Sanqing is a renowned Taoist sacred mountain located 40 kilometres north of Yushan County in Jiangxi Province, China with outstanding scenery.
It contains a National Park, and number of Wildlife refuges and Forest Reserves.
It is located south on County Road 650W, near Kingsbury, Indiana.
The preserve is adjacent to the affluent Irvine villages of Shady Canyon and Turtle Ridge and features roughly 16,000 acres of preserved open space.
Ba Vì National Park is located in Ba Vì District of Hanoi and two districts of Hòa Bình Province, namely Lương Sơn and Kỳ Sơn.
Fall River State Park is a state park in Greenwood County, Kansas USA, southwest of the city of Toronto.
Great Valley Grasslands State Park is a state park of California, USA, preserving a parcel of remnant native grassland in the San Joaquin Valley.
The Save Ontario Shipwrecks Ohio chapter explored an Ontario wreck in Fathom Five Park in 1986.
The park has RV and tent sites, comfort stations with showers, cabins, picnic sites, group shelters, swimming beach, playgrounds, boat ramps, fishing dock and equestrian trails.
The highest point is La Madre Mountain, at 8,154 feet.
Vistula Landscape Park is a protected area in north-central Poland, established in 1993, covering an area of 333.06 square kilometres.
The area's natural environment is home to a number of species of migratory and resident birds, fishes, crustaceans, sea turtles and other wildlife.
Botsalano Game Reserve is a 5800 hectare game reserve in the City of Mafikeng.
The park covers approximately 41,898 acres of broadleaf, wetland and mangrove forest.
The lake is a popular recreation area in the summer, where people can fish, swim, and boat.
Now, the Rogue River – Siskiyou National Forest ranges from the crest of the Cascade Range west into the Siskiyou Mountains, covering almost 1.8 million acres.
The lake is stocked annually with rainbow trout.
The Jay Mountain Wilderness Area, an Adirondack Park unit of the Forest Preserve, lies within the towns of Jay and Lewis in Essex County, New York.
In the early 1990s, the Benton and Sandy Stream Divisions were added to the refuge under the auspices of the 1990 Farm Bill.
The park was officially established in 1992.
The park is dedicated to recreation with off highway vehicles.
The Sopchoppy River marks the Bradwell Bay's eastern edge.
The park was first established in 1945 under Proclamation No.
The Kambalakonda Wildlife Sanctuary is a forest located near Visakhapatnam.
The park includes of 6,430 acres of mangrove swamp, cypress swamps, salt marshes, mangrove river estuaries, and pine flatwoods.
It is especially important for migrating geese.
Okuhino Prefectural Natural Park is a Prefectural Natural Park in southwest Tottori Prefecture, Japan.
Pancake Bay Provincial Park was established in 1968 by Ontario Parks.
The flora includes different species of orchids.
The original size was 183 acres when the area was established in 1969.
It was established on 30 September 1982.
Additional habitat types consist of reforested and agricultural areas.
Parlee Beach Provincial Park is a Canadian provincial park located in Pointe-du-Chêne, New Brunswick.
Escanaba River State Forest is a state forest in the central Upper Peninsula of Michigan.
The park does host a small primitive campground and maintains a visitor center which opened in April 2001.
Ducks and geese winter at Titchwell in considerable numbers, and the reserve shelters the endangered European water vole.
The ZEC Jeannotte is a zone d'exploitation contrôlée, located in Lac-Édouard, in the administrative region of Mauricie, in Quebec, in Canada.
The Allegheny Wildlife Management Area is located on 6,202 acres on two separate tracts of mixed oak-hickory woodlands in western Mineral County along the Allegheny Front.
These small areas are respectively located in the towns of Benton and Unity, Maine.
The refuge consists of bottomland and adjacent benchland.
Wapanocca consists of 600 acres of open water, 1,800 acres of swampland, 500 acres of bottomland hardwood, 1,200 acres of cropland, and 400 acres of grassland.
The reserved is situated in the Stavropolsky District of Samara Oblast.
The Carolina Sandhills National Wildlife Refuge is a 45,348-acre national wildlife refuge located in Chesterfield County, South Carolina.
The 19,661-acre Wheeler Peak Wilderness lies in the Carson National Forest of New Mexico.
Hallasan National Park is located in the province of Jeju-do, South Korea.
Laguna Atascosa National Wildlife Refuge is the largest protected area of natural habitat left in the Lower Rio Grande Valley.
The primary activities are camping, swimming, and fishing.
Pallas-Yllästunturi National Park is the third-largest national park in Finland, located in the Lapland region, in the municipalities of Enontekiö, Kittilä, Kolari and Muonio.
The escarpment is an ancient limestone reef, similar to the limestone mountains around Carlsbad Caverns, 80 miles to the south.
Ruts from wagon wheels also can be seen in some of the rocks.
In 1936, the lodge and cabins were dedicated by Illinois Governor Henry Horner.
It's one of the country's least-visited parks; this has allowed the park to remain ecologically rich and diverse.
It covers an area of approximately 49,000 km2.
It includes the notable "Tea Gardens", as well as the West Fork of Cold Springs Trail, a well used hiking trail.
These are not well adapted to the harsh local climate and are therefore susceptible to a range of elements, such as strong winds and bark beetle.
As part of this, Ole Hansen was given a compensation of 100 rigsdaler.
The park is a haven for a diverse mix of native wildlife and plants covering an equally diverse range of ecosystems.
It commemorates the American Civil War Battle of Antietam that occurred on September 17, 1862.
The state park, which opened in 1961, is named after the twin Cape Elizabeth Lights, although there are no lighthouses in the park itself.
The refuge is administered from offices in King Salmon.
It hosts 380 species of plants of which 45 are classified as threatened.
The 181-acre park was established in 1956.
Also the woollyhead lessingia and Hall's daisy, both of the Aster family.
The Burden Falls Wilderness is a 3,775-acre unit of the Shawnee National Forest.
Numerous reptiles and amphibian species are equally represented;
Suwannee River State Park is a Florida State Park located near Live Oak.
More than 250 bird species, more than 40 fish species, and some 230 plant species have been identified here.
The Rumonge Nature Reserve is found in Burundi.
Pocharam Wildlife Sanctuary is a forest and wildlife sanctuary located 15 km from Medak and 115 km from Hyderabad, Telangana, India.
Rattlesnake Canyon contains the second largest concentration of natural arches in the country.
The park covers an area of 432 square kilometres and was founded in 2000.
The state park surrounds 490-acre Lake Tangipahoa, an impoundment of the Tangipahoa River.
Pruntytown State Farm Wildlife Management Area, is located near Pruntytown, West Virginia in Taylor County.
Ancient, warm, shallow seas deposited marine sediments until rifting opened the Pacific Ocean.
The Suikerbosrand ridge was originally named after sugar cane found growing here by the party of general Hendrik Potgieter on 5 June 1836.
In 2012, the park acquired land on which sits a monument to the 8th Vermont Infantry and now offers access through semi-regular programs at the site.
Wildlife in the park includes bass, trout, Steller's jay, squirrels, woodpeckers, deer, and on rare occasion, black bear.
The forest has both high biodiversity value and recreational value for hikers and tourists.
The park covers 524 km2 of the mountain area of the Daen Lao Range, at the border with Myanmar.
The region is characterised by high, isolated inselbergs and kopjes, made up of dramatic blood red granites, rich in feldspars and sandstone.
Ms. Staunton required the land "be preserved in perpetuity, for public benefit, as a natural wilderness-type park... typifying Colorado's most beautiful mountain forest and meadow region".
with dive trips regularly leaving from the town of Tutukaka.
There are local ranger district offices located in Craig, Hoonah, Juneau, Ketchikan, Petersburg, Sitka, Thorne Bay, Wrangell, and Yakutat.
It also contains the deepest and longest bodies of water in England, respectively Wast Water and Windermere.
Much of the park is land formerly used by the United States Army.
Subsequent erosion of the Southern African interior re-exposed the Beaufort rocks over most of the Great Karoo.
It opened as a nature reserve in 1985.
The only maintained trail enters the west side of the wilderness from the Anderson Lakes road above Baker Lake.
The ridge consists largely of diabase, much like its sister formation East Rock.
Engelmann Woods Natural Area consists of 149 acres in northeastern Franklin County, Missouri.
Though declared a national park March 24, 1927, it had its official opening ceremonies on August 10, 1928 performed by Prime Minister William Lyon Mackenzie King.
The relative peace and quiet of the winter season offers much for the nature enthusiast.
Within the Bug Landscape Park, fourteen nature reserves have been established with a further three planned.
Rainier National Park on the west; Norse Peak Wilderness lies to the north, Goat Rocks Wilderness to the south.
Native Americans once used the Pine Creek Path along the creek.
In August 2012, a forest fire burned 747 hectareas of this national park.
In the summer months mosquitos can also be a problem.
The management of migratory bird conservation Corporation administers the activities and development of the zone d'exploitation contrôlée of white goose in Montmagny.
Portions of the WSA's borders are formed by dirt roads, which also separates it from the Gooding City of Rocks West and Black Canyon WSAs.
The zec is located in Le Granit Regional County Municipality, in Eastern townships, in Quebec, in Canada.
The area reveals a rich geologic history highlighted by periods of dramatic activity, each playing a major role in shaping the land.
They include American elm, basswood, cottonwood, green ash, bur oak, hackberry and box elder.
Together they form the Keta Lagoon Ramsar site which covers 1200 km2
The Slickrock Creek basin is coated primarily by a mature second-growth cove hardwood forest, although a substantial old growth stand still exists in its upper watershed.
Currently the segment between Mayfield, MI and North Country Trail is one of the 24 mile trail segments done.
It is administered by the U.S. Forest Service.
This mountainous park is home to steep cliffs and a long section of the Nan River.
Kouchibouguac National Park is located on the east coast of New Brunswick, in Kouchibouguac.
The park elevation is 5,600 feet above sea level.
The Park takes its name from the massif known as Magura Wątkowska, after Wątkowa, its highest peak.
It is located near Yucca Valley, California in San Bernardino County, California.
A high point in a vast bog near Solon Springs marks the divide between the watersheds of the Gulf of Mexico and the Atlantic Ocean.
The forest has an average elevation of 892 feet.
Six marked recreational trails are offered, ranging from short hikes to longer day trips.
The Buckhorn Wilderness is a 44,319-acre mountainous wilderness area on the northeastern Olympic Peninsula in Washington, USA.
The range is bisected by just two roads, Route 38 at 7250 foot Skalkaho Pass and FS80 at Lutz Creek.
Fort Pulaski National Monument is located on Cockspur Island between Savannah and Tybee Island, Georgia.
The upper canopy of the forest is dominated by the Hollong tree, while the Nahar dominates the middle canopy.
According to the United States Environmental Protection Agency, the Sawtooth Wilderness has some of the clearest air in the lower 48 states.
In 1906 the U.S. Forest Service assumed responsibility for the lands, and on March 4, 1907 it became a National Forest.
The park was designated as a national park on September 5, 1950.
The National Park Service has been monitoring Buck Island for over 40 years.
The park is most famous for its formal gardens, but it also preserves the original habitat of a northeast Florida barrier island.
The state park covers 3,502 acres of forest, rivers, waterfalls, and mountain terrain.
Weir Farm also runs an ongoing "Take Part in Art" program, under which visitors can create their own works on site.
Temples in the park include Ryōsen-ji, Yata-dera, Tōmyō-ji, and Matsuo-dera.
The park is named after the 1,563-metre mountain Odaesan, which means "Five Plains Mountain", named after the five plains between the area's five major peaks.
More than 5,000 plant species have been registered in the area, placing the park among Bolivia's most biologically diverse.
The wetlands are stewarded to provide healthy vegetation for the use of resident and visiting birds.
J.-Clovis-Laflamme Ecological Reserve is an ecological reserve in Quebec, Canada.
The state park occupies 5 acres atop a 2,100-foot hill.
Montara State Marine Reserve & Pillar Point State Marine Conservation Area extend offshore from Montara, just south of Gray Whale Cove.
Powhatan State Park is a state park located along the James River in Virginia.
The park is located 35 miles southwest of the town of Las Vegas, New Mexico.
It was founded in 1991, and was formerly known as the Parco Nazionale del Cilento e Vallo di Diano.
Aside from visits by mountain men during the early-to-mid-19th century, organized exploration did not begin until the late 1860s.
Thy National Park is a National Park area in Thy, Denmark, opened to the public on 22 August 2008.
Most of the park is in West Vancouver.
The mausoleum also contains the graves of his sister, Māder-e Millat Fatima Jinnah, and Liaquat Ali Khan, the first Prime Minister of Pakistan.
It is located three miles east of Ocala and 16 miles southeast of Gainesville.
Bellefontaine Conservation Area consists of 133 acres in St. Louis County, Missouri.
Today it is owned by Coney Island USA, an arts organization.
The park is named for Henry Colton, a Williamsport lumberman who cut timber there starting in 1879.
Among other flora species inhabiting the reserve are willow, barberry, Caragana, etc.
Channahon State Park is an Illinois state park in Will County, Illinois, United States.
It is part of the Krkonose / Karkonosze transboundary biosphere reserve, mixed mountain and highland system, bearing UNESCO designation.
The park surrounds the mouth of the Gooseberry River and includes Upper, Middle and Lower Gooseberry Falls.
The apple farm is one of the few homesteads still preserved in Oak Creek Canyon.
Its high altitude and location in northern New Mexico cause the lake to freeze over in the winter, allowing ice fishing to take place.
Fort Mill Ridge WMA ranges in elevation from 680 feet to 1,100 feet.
Before this Park's proclamation, the only protected area of Succulent Karoo was the 2 square kilometre patch of the Gamkaberg Nature Reserve.
Nantasket Beach is a beach in the town of Hull, Massachusetts.
Gombe Stream’s high levels of diversity make it an increasingly popular tourist destination.
Many areas in the refuge are densely forested with Sitka spruce at lower elevations.
In addition to Round Lake, the area includes a stretch of the Bog River Flow, Hitchens Pond, Trout Pond and several smaller ponds.
Easy access to the dunes make it a popular location to practice the sport of sandboarding.
The WMA is owned by the West Virginia Division of Natural Resources.
The surrounding waters contain reefs and a shipwreck that attract large numbers of snorkelers, divers, and boaters.
The typical method of logging was to clear-cut all marketable timber and leave the discarded slashings on the forest floor.
The Refuge includes islands, marshes, shoals, and waterfront lands along 48 miles of the Detroit River and Western Lake Erie shoreline.
It is the only national park in Zanzibar.
This unusual alteration to the otherwise relatively featureless great plains presents a unique habitat that fosters numerous plant and animal species.
The Kyongnosla Alpine Sanctuary is a wildlife sanctuary, located in East Sikkim, India.
Bordering the forests are tea plantations and communities living from subsitence agriculture.
The park is located on the north-western shore of Thunder Lake.
The Roosevelts frequently used Val-Kill's relaxed setting for entertaining family, friends, political associates, and world leaders.
This area was the site of a re-introduction program for the peregrine falcon.
It is north of the Arctic Circle and south of the Beaufort Sea, and is nearly surrounded by mountains.
Visitors can still find evidence of logging operations, mill sites and trestles in the park.
This park was established by Decision 174/2001/QĐ-TTg, dated November 8, 2001, by the Prime Minister of Vietnam on upgrading Pù Mát Preservation Zone.
The remaining area in the park consists of floodplain oak-hickory forest.
It has many wooded islands, sloughs, and hardwood forests.
The unique topography of the park resembles the "badlands" of the west and harbors plants like the yucca which are normally found in more arid climates.
Created by an act of Congress in 1992, the 15,288-acre preserve protects what is sometimes said to be the nation's longest mountaintop river, the Little River.
It was designated a National Historic Landmark in 1966 in recognition for its remarkable state of preservation.
Elevation along the trail varies from 5,280 feet to 6,900 feet, and total acreage is 450 acres.
Life in the recreation area includes ponderosa pines and the animals that feed on them.
The museum occupies 155 acres and is the home of four different gauge railroads along with numerous other pieces of steam powered and vintage farm equipment.
Stillwater National Wildlife Refuge is a National Wildlife Refuge of the United States in Nevada.
The Chimney Peak Wilderness is a rugged and mountainous Mojave Desert environment on the eastern side of the Southern Sierra Nevada Range.
This open salty water is surrounded by flood plains and mangrove swamps.
West Rock Ridge State Park is a state park located in New Haven, Hamden, and Woodbridge, Connecticut.
During Spring and Fall migration periods, tens of thousands of migratory birds can be found here, representing over 100 different species.
There are also wetlands and alpine vegetation on bedrock rich in lime, as well as bogs.
The refuge protects the habitat of many types of birds, as well as animals such as White-tailed Deer, howler monkeys, coyotes, armadillos and boa constrictors.
It is known as one of the UK's premier birdwatching sites.
The forest lies in southern Catron, northern Grant, western Sierra, and extreme northeastern Hidalgo counties in southwestern New Mexico.
It is located in Eastern Oklahoma, near the city of Okmulgee.
Merchants Millpond State Park is a North Carolina state park in Gates County, North Carolina, in the United States.
Crossett Experimental Forest is an experimental forest operated by the Southern Research Station of the United States Forest Service in Ashley County, Arkansas.
Tombigbee National Forest is a U.S. National Forest in eastern and northeastern Mississippi.
Mount Geoffrey Regional Nature Park is regional park in British Columbia, Canada, located on Hornby Island.
Millions of years ago, the Monument Upwarp forced the river to carve incised meanders over 1,000 feet deep as the surrounding landscape slowly rose in elevation.
The park is named after General Bernardo O'Higgins, the first head of state of the Republic of Chile.
At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 12,281 people living in 2027 individual households.
Santa Rosa Lake State Park is a state park of New Mexico, United States, located on the eastern plains.
It is located near the town of N'Délé, Bamingui-Bangoran prefecture.
Manazuru Hantō Prefectural Natural Park is a Prefectural Natural Park in Kanagawa Prefecture, Japan.
The park encompasses over 18,000 square kilometres and is located 170 kilometres north of the Arctic Circle in the northeast corner of mainland Northwest Territories.
This region was a favored hunting and camping ground of Native Americans of the Osage Nation.
From Maroantsetra, transport by motor boat can be arranged.
Forest Glen Preserve is a 1,800-acre nature preserve in McKendree Township in Vermilion County, Illinois.
The majority of the forest is multiple-use, including both logging and recreational activities such as camping, boating, and fishing.
La Portada is a natural arch on the coast of Chile, 18 km north of Antofagasta.
Battle Ground Lake State Park is a publicly owned recreation area located approximately 3 miles northeast of the city of Battle Ground, Washington.
The Reserve's geological museum is one of the largest in Russia.
The park is home to the On-A-Slant Indian Village and reconstructed military buildings including the Custer House.
It does not include the 4x4 trail in High Rock Canyon.
The narrow, rocky ridges made for marginally productive farmland, but the inhabitants were able to scrape by until the Great Depression.
The Hamer Cemetery is located south of the village.
The Island Bay National Wildlife Refuge is part of the United States National Wildlife Refuge System, located in the Cape Haze area of Charlotte County.
Home to Thailand's largest tree, the park also features waterfalls, caves, and rock formations.
The Kambui Hills and Extensions Forest Reserve is found in Sierra Leone.
There are more than 500 listed buildings and 18 scheduled monuments within the AONB.
The location of the site was forgotten until 1954, when it was rediscovered accidentally by a prospector of the Industrial Minerals of Canada.
It is mostly a marine park, and includes some islands and coastal areas.
Most national parks preserve unique geographic features; Everglades National Park was the first created to protect a fragile ecosystem.
Horseshoe Lake State Park is an Illinois state park in Madison County, Illinois, United States.
Blue Mountain, elevation 194 m, is also within the park.
The terrain in rugged and difficult to access, with heavily forested taiga coexisting with tropical species of animals and birds.
The Arroyo-Camino Interpretive Garden displays local desert flora.
The national park was founded in 1996.
Lake Jean is used for swimming, fishing, canoeing and kayaking.
Spittal Pond Nature Reserve is the largest wildlife sanctuary in Bermuda, located close to the Atlantic coast of Smith's Parish.
Intensive efforts have been initiated to conserve this rare species.
Established in 1998 it covers 1,663 km2 in the Mansiri Himal range of the Himalayas in the Gorkha District.
655 signed by President Manuel Luis Quezon on 23 December 1940.
The refuge consists of 72.2 acres of land, including 63.2 acres of uplands, 9.0 acres of wetlands, and three small ponds.
The park offers fishing, boating, camping, and 15 miles of trails for hiking and equestrian use.
The park has access to Lovewell Reservoir.
Cutts Island, known locally as "Deadman's Island," which lies about a half-mile from the park shore, is reachable by boat.
It was named for Queen Maud of Norway.
Vápenice is a natural monument south-east of the village Slatinky in the Prostějov District, the Czech Republic.
The national park surrounds Caracol, a Mayan city.
Hardwicke Bay is a bay in the Australian state of South Australia located on the west coast of Yorke Peninsula in Spencer Gulf.
Natural Bridge State Park is a 530-acre state park of Wisconsin, United States, featuring Wisconsin's largest natural arch.
These include blind salamanders and endemic fish that have adapted to living in complete darkness.
Punta Izopo Wildlife Refuge is a Wildlife refuge located in the municipality of Tela, on the northern Caribbean coast of the Atlántida department of Honduras.
It is managed by the Department of Conservation and Recreation.
The west side also includes a portion of a 6,016-acre state game refuge.
Clarks River National Wildlife Refuge is a bottomland hardwood forest located in western Kentucky near Benton.
Mohawk Trail State Forest is a publicly owned forest with recreational features located in the towns of Charlemont, Hawley, and Savoy, Massachusetts.
The dominant feature of the park is Lassen Peak, the largest plug dome volcano in the world and the southern-most volcano in the Cascade Range.
It lies on the Nokha-Sujangarh state highway and is situated at a distance of 85 km from Churu and about 132 km from Bikaner.
The reserve stretches along the western coast of Lake Baikal for about 120 km, with an average width of 65 km.
It is managed by the United States Fish and Wildlife Service jointly with the Baca and Monte Vista National Wildlife Refuges.
Its primary mission is to see the wildlife management fairly and development of hunting, fishing, camping and outdoor.
Second-growth forest now covers the region; the surrounding state forest and park are home to a variety of flora and fauna.
Kiowa National Grassland is a National Grassland, located in northeastern New Mexico.
Reefton was once a coal and gold mining town and as such, old mining equipment can still be found in the Park
Fish and Wildlife Service oversees Lake Nettie NWR from offices at Audubon National Wildlife Refuge.
Hardangervidda is a mountain plateau in central southern Norway, covering parts of the counties of Buskerud, Hordaland and Telemark.
Aralam Wildlife Sanctuary is the northernmost wildlife sanctuary of Kerala, southwest India.
The renovated house was built sometime in the 1890s.
Los Huemules de Niblinto National Reserve is a national reserve of Chile.
The reserve has a high degree of biodiversity and preserving the endangered Atlantis Sand Fynbos vegetation type and the plants and animals that live in it.
Bolshaya Kokshaga nature reserve — nature reserve in Kilemarsky District and Medvedevsky District, Mari-El, Russia.
It is in a coastal region of the Arctic Ocean which contains approximately 1,350 Arctic ice dome hills—approximately one quarter of the world's pingos.
It is owned by the Jackson Township Local Board of Education and the Ohio Division of Natural Areas and Preserves.
Pacaás Novos National Park is a national park in the state of Rondônia, Brazil.
Visitors wishing to enter the park are required by Parks Canada to register at the park office in Pangnirtung or Qikiqtarjuaq, and attend an orientation session.
It was purchased by the Trust for Public Land in 1998, with $44 million from the David and Lucile Packard Foundation, and is preserved from development.
Cadiz Springs State Recreation Area is a state park unit of Wisconsin, United States, featuring two reservoirs on a spring-fed creek.
This national park also serves as a corridor for elephants to migrate between Yala National Park and Udawalawe National Park.
A number of the shelters were repaired after fire had damaged them.
One kekuli pit can be found in the park, but this feature is only considered as locally significant.
Forest headquarters are located in the city of San Bernardino.
The land and shore surrounding the island form part of Okanagan Mountain Park.
South Willow Canyon is the most popular trailhead.
The nature reserve is within the national Guanacaste Conservation Area and Tempisque Conservation Area.
A portion of the park received further protection in 1981 when Belmont Mound Woods State Natural Area was added to the Wisconsin State Natural Areas Program.
How these slabs were transported and erected by stone age people is open to interpretation.
Fort Washington, located near the community of Fort Washington, Maryland, was for many decades the only defensive fort protecting Washington D.C.
David Livingstone's 1859 Zambezi Expedition came up the Shire but were unable to proceed beyond the falls.
Founded in 1935, the park now covers 13,600 km2.
The reservation includes hiking trails, open meadows and hay fields, vernal pools, and streams.
The Botanical Garden opens in early May and is open daily for the summer season.
Heath and Marjorie Angelo bought the property in 1931 and sold the land to The Nature Conservancy in 1959.
It was established in 1992 as part of the newly founded Rila National Park.
There are local ranger district offices in Del Norte, La Jara, and Saguache.
Towada-Hachimantai National Park is a national park comprising two separate areas of Aomori, Iwate, and Akita Prefectures, Japan.
It has semi-tropical vegetation on the slopes, while the floor of the valley is covered by dry thorn bush.
From 1954 to 1965 the park was administrated by the Gal Oya Development Board until the Department of Wildlife Conservation took over administration.
It has a swimming area, camp sites, hiking trails, fishing areas, and picnic areas.
Johnson Lake National Wildlife Refuge is a part of the Arrowwood National Wildlife Refuge Complex, and is managed by the U.S.
The Granite Chief Wilderness is a 19,048 acre federally designated wilderness area of the Tahoe National Forest.
Activities in the park include hiking and fishing.
Salonga National Park is a national park in the Democratic Republic of the Congo located in the Congo River basin.
The biosphere reserve is Gabon’s only area where no forest exploitation takes place thus the core area is in a relatively pristine state.
Enrei Ōjō Prefectural Natural Park is a Prefectural Natural Park in central Nagano Prefecture, Japan.
Approximately 250 species of birds use the refuge, which is an important migration stop-over and also provides nesting habitat for many neotropical bird species.
The Mitchell Karst Plain Nature Preserve is notable for its large number of sinkholes, more than 1000 per square mile.
The park is made up of unspoiled northern hardwood forest, with views of the Hoosac Range, Mount Greylock and the Green Mountains.
Curlew National Grassland is a National Grassland located in Oneida and Power counties in the state of Idaho, USA.
The Refuge's objective is to restore 3,000 acres of wetlands and 2,250 acres of upland grass.
Inside the park are some of the island's oldest Arawak paintings, and has since drawn attention from the government.
The area was named by French fur traders in the 17th century.
The park is in the Guianan moist forests ecoregion.
The Arboretum is now managed by the WVU Department of Biology, and consists of mostly old-growth forest on steep hillside and Monongahela River flood plain.
The islands, totaling 124 at low tide and 123 at high tide, are scattered in Lingayen Gulf covering an area of 16.76 square kilometres.
William-Baldwin Ecological Reserve is an ecological reserve in Quebec, Canada.
Boggs Lake is managed by the Nature Conservancy and the California Department of Fish and Game.
The memorial is administered by the National Park Service under its National Mall and Memorial Parks group.
A large and amiable man, he was highly regarded for being very helpful to travelers.
The site has since been expanded to 3,200 acres and includes the original Chase residence and church.
The area surrounding the falls have an abundance of secluded nature trails and picnic spots.
Brown's Lake Bog is a dedicated Ohio state nature preserve owned by The Nature Conservancy.
Refuge habitats vary from creosote and Chihuahuan desert grasslands in the bajadas to pinyon-juniper woodlands at higher elevations.
This species winters on Bahamian islands in the Caribbean.
An additional 88 acres were dedicated on June 12, 2001.
Saint Mary's Wilderness is a U.S. Wilderness Area in the George Washington and Jefferson National Forests.
Forty years ago this flamingo species made a comeback from the brink of extinction to a colony of over 50,000 birds.
In 1911, it was described as a tract of waste country which had never been surveyed nor had the census been extended to it.
It has been referred to as the "Cape Cod of the Midwest."
The Park has its headquarters in the town of Międzyzdroje.
The Parque Nacional de las Cavernas del Río Camuy is a cave system in Puerto Rico.
It borders the Ujście Warty National Park, which was established in 2001.
It was originally unveiled in Pärnu on 2002, but taken down only nine days after prime minister Siim Kallas had condemned the statue.
Public access to the rocks is not permitted.
The refuge borders the Niobrara National Scenic River on the west and is managed by the U.S.
Forest headquarters are located between The Plains and Nelsonville, Ohio, on US Route 33, overlooking the Hocking River.
Follow County Route 8 from Anawalt to Anawalt Lake WMA.
It currently ranks third in size after Kruger National Park and the Kgalagadi Transfrontier Park.
Lierne National Park lies in the municipality of Lierne in Nord-Trøndelag county, Norway.
The state park offers facilities for camping, swimming, fishing, and picnicking.
The forest contains a section of the Allegheny Trail and other trails, and is near the Greenbrier River Trail.
One wall partially surrounds the granite monument, while a second wall, constructed a year after the first, wraps around the reverse of the memorial's elevated platform.
It is home to over 240 types of migratory birds and dozens that make their permanent home in the sub-Mediterranean wetlands surrounding Deransko Lake.
In 1985 Melghat Wildlife Sanctuary was created.
Orkjärve Nature Reserve is a nature reserve situated in northern Estonia, in Harju County.
Terry Andrae State Park, established in 1927, and John Michael Kohler State Park, established in 1966, total 988 acres.
It was established in 1973 and covers 123 km².
It features camping, picnicking, screened shelters, swimming, tubing, nature trails, and a wildlife viewing station.
In the southern regions of the park a sparsely vegetated upland plateau reaches a height of 450 m above sea level.
The region is noted for its population of bald eagles.
The park entrance is located on US Highway 62/180, approximately 18 miles southwest of Carlsbad, New Mexico.
U.S. Wilderness Areas do not allow motorized or mechanized vehicles, including bicycles.
The high value of its biodiversity has led to the park being dubbed the "Serengeti of Papua".
It is managed by the United States Forest Service together with Gunnison National Forest and Uncompahgre National Forest from offices in Delta, Colorado.
Daallo Mountain is a national park in the northern Sanaag region of Somaliland.
It is situated around the Taghdumbash Pamir of Pamir Mountains and Karakorum Mountains.
The committee included several former presidents of the NSB Chamber of Commerce.
The Yom River flows through the park.
However it was removed from the list in 2006.
It is one of the few remaining old-growth forests in Northwest Georgia.
Wildlife is plentiful in the Wilderness, including bighorn sheep, deer, grouse, chukar and native trout.
Fauna species have been identified as 264, which includes armadillos and white-tailed deer.
The park bears the name of George Dudley Seymour, whose philanthropic efforts enabled the state to purchase land for this and several other Connecticut state parks.
The park derives it name from Phong Nha Cave, containing many fascinating rock formations, and Kẻ Bàng forest.
Shokanbetsu-Teuri-Yagishiri Quasi-National Park is a quasi-national park in Hokkaidō, Japan.
The state park is located 9 miles south of Washburn and 22 miles east of Center.
Pewit's Nest is outside of Baraboo in Sauk County.
Created by the damming of Sonoita Creek, the lake is habitat for bass, crappie, bluegill, and catfish, and is stocked with rainbow trout during the winter.
The park's recreational offerings include swimming, fishing, boating and picnicking.
Since then, many trails, viewpoints, information stations, campgrounds, and picnic areas have been established to accommodate the increasing number of visitors each year.
The refuge visitor center provides information about refuge wildlife and serves as the starting point for the 7-mile, paved and gravel, trail system.
Andringitra National Park is a national park in the Haute Matsiatra region of Madagascar, 47 kilometres south of Ambalavao.
In places where the calcific upper layers have been completely eroded, the harder base rock has been etched into channels and ridges known as tsingy.
The Guanacaste National Park is open from 8 am until 4:30 pm.
These ranges are the Huachuca, Patagonia, and Whetstone Mountains.
The draft plan focuses on maintaining wetlands and riparian habitats in the high desert mountain valley.
The park consists of a large forest full of carob and Mount Tabor oak trees.
The two sections of the park, the Bonanza Area in the north and the Meadowbrook Area in the south, are 12 miles apart.
Gambissara Forest Park is a forest park in the Gambia.
Also it is home to the Lake View Water Carnival.
The forest includes lakes, bogs and wetlands, low mountains and rocky cliffs.
The Kuivi route is 78 kilometres and goes along the fell area.
The forest has been untouched since at least the 1860s.
The park spans the municipalities of Futtsu and Kimitsu.
Its four perennial streams support steelhead and coho salmon, and its wetlands are habitat to the rare San Francisco garter snake and California red-legged frog.
Home to mountains, waterfalls and caves, the park is best known for its namesake Mae Surin waterfall.
Tenzan Prefectural Natural Park is a Prefectural Natural Park in central Saga Prefecture, Japan.
There is one UNESCO World Heritage Site in Illinois, Cahokia.
In descending order of land area the forest lies in parts of Rio Arriba, San Miguel, Sandoval, Santa Fe, Mora, and Los Alamos counties.
The Ilha Grande National Park is located on the border between Paraná and Mato Grosso do Sul states in Brazil.
The refuge is managed by the U.S.
Spirit Mountain Wilderness Area is a 33,518-acre wilderness area located in the Newberry Mountains in Clark County, Nevada, 10 miles northwest of Laughlin.
This protected area was established as a Bird Sanctuary in August 1999 by the Government of Assam.
It is home to many animals, notably, Barbary stag, African golden wolf, and Barbary boar.
It was designated March 30, 2009, as part of the Omnibus Public Land Management Act of 2009.
Established as a park, it was designated in 1979 as a member of the World Network of Biosphere Reserves.
Beaver Lake State Park is a public recreation area located in Logan County, North Dakota, about equidistant from Napoleon and Wishek.
In addition to opportunities for hiking, fishing, and hunting, the park has four different areas for primitive, riverside boat camping.
The park's three units are: Freeman Creek, Three Meadows Group Camp, and Big Eddy Lodge and Marina.
Established in 1957, it is the oldest national park in Sarawak.
Kirindy Forest, approximately 100 square kilometres in area, may be best known as the only location where the endangered giant jumping rat occurs.
Stretch Point State Park is a Washington state park on Stretch Island in Mason County.
The Tishomingo National Wildlife Refuge is a National Wildlife Refuge of the United States located in Oklahoma.
In the spring endangered Leatherback turtles come onto the beach to nest while Green turtles and Hawksbill turtles nest during the summer months.
This section of the Colorado River is popular for boating, hiking, fishing, camping, exploring old mining camps and wildlife watching.
Although the limestone formed about 190 million years ago, the cave itself is no older than a few million years.
Henry Fanthorp was appointed postmaster by the Provisional Texas Government in 1835.
Located in a tropical climate, it is very humid, and receives up to 250 inches of rain a year.
The White Mountain Wilderness is located in the Sierra Blanca Mountains of south central New Mexico, approximately 15 miles north northwest of the town of Ruidoso.
The park is home to Amicalola Falls, a 729-foot waterfall, making it the highest in Georgia.
The monument was established by Presidential Proclamation 7265 on January 11, 2000.
The other tale is that it marks war between the Hoopa and Korbel tribes.
Grant Island is located in the northern half of Okanagan Lake, about one kilometre from the shores of the municipality of Lake Country.
Cerro El Baúl, also known as El Baúl, is a forested lava dome overlooking the valley of Quetzaltenango.
The area’s historical and biological significance lead to the establishment of the Bulgarka Natural Park on August 9, 2002.
Originally part of the Arrowhead Lodge resort, the course was retained by the state when it sold the now-defunct lodge to the Federal government in 1983.
Holy Cross Wilderness Area: Northern Trails of Eagle County, a hiking guide by Kim Fenske, describes these trails.
Dida Forest is a protected forest in Burkina Faso.
It is a very important forest in terms of conservation and includes habitat for hoolock gibbon, capped langur, pig-tailed macaque, slow loris, rhesus macaque, leopard, etc.
The Benito Juárez Hemicycle is a Neoclassical monument located at the Alameda Central park in Mexico City, Mexico and commemorating the Mexican statesman Benito Juárez.
Biwako Kokutei Kōen is a Quasi-National Park in Shiga Prefecture and Kyoto Prefecture, Japan.
Inside the cave, stalactites and stalagmites reach heights of over 50 meters.
The Carrasco National Park is placed adjacent to Amboró, and together the two form a larger conservation unit.
The Burden Falls tract was listed as a wilderness under the Illinois Wilderness Act of 1990.
The park offers traditional folklore and architecture, especially the village of Červený Kláštor with the Museum of National Culture.
The wooded glen was donated by Hugh Taylor Birch in 1929 to Antioch College, which later granted the Glen Helen Ecology Institute stewardship of "The Glen."
Hiking and horseback riding are popular on the White's Creek Trail, an 18.6 miles trail throughout the wilderness.
The lakes were named for bird quills collected near shorelines and shipped to England for use as quill pens.
Fort Jefferson is the largest brick masonry structure in the Western Hemisphere, and is composed of more than 16 million bricks.
Openings here in the forest surrounded by evergreens resemble such openings near treeline in higher mountain ranges.
Both are managed for grassland-nesting birds, some of which are rare in Maine.
When the floods occurred, the waterfall was ten times the size of Niagara Falls.
There are local ranger district offices in Jonesboro and Vienna.
Now, this area has been designated as a Wetland of International Significance under the Ramsar Convention since October 1995.
The quarry face intersects the ancient river channel at right angles, allowing the lateral changes in deposition across the channel to be clearly seen.
Of the 143 mammal species 23 are endemic to Borneo including the proboscis monkey.
The protected landscape is part of the Philippines' National Integrated Protected Areas System and was established in 2011 through Proclamation No.
In 1985, the Tep Satit Forestry Department first surveyed the area, long popular with locals, and recommended its protection.
Activities: Game drives, canoeing, camping, bird watching, sailing, bass fishing, environmental education, hiking.
Currently, the park occupies 97.62 km2, of which forests make up 47.8 km², and water and wastelands 20.9 km².
Paynes Creek Historic State Park is a Florida State Park located on Lake Branch Road one-half mile southeast of Bowling Green, Florida.
The National Park Service designated the El Camino Real de los Tejas National Historic Trail as a unit in the National Historic Trail system in 2004.
The formerly separate Rogue River and Siskiyou National Forests were administratively combined in 2004.
The cave is named for Agave lechuguilla, a species of plant found near its entrance.
Elevations in the Preserve range from 7,929 feet at Clark Mountain to 880 feet near Baker.
Ciénaga de Zapata represents also a municipality, the largest one of Cuba with 4,162 km2.
It spans over three counties - Tartu, Jõgeva and Viljandi.
It is the state's "busiest state park beach."
In 1991 four other parks were established and were named after ethnographic regions of Lithuania.
It was declared a national park on 12 July 1977 through Letter of Instructions No.
Hāʻena State Park is a state park located on the north shore of the Hawaiian island of Kauaʻi.
Terrain is generally steep, consisting of rugged drainages dropping abruptly into Cedar Creek canyon.
The wildlife management area and Wetzel County are named for Lewis Wetzel, an early settler and frontiersman in this area of West Virginia.
Lower Klamath National Wildlife Refuge, established by President Theodore Roosevelt in 1908, was the first waterfowl refuge in the United States.
The land that is now the park was acquired by the late conservationist Leo Drey before becoming part of the Missouri state parks system.
The Boyd staff uniform consists of powder blue shirts bearing the TRCA crest, dark blue work pants, steel-toed boots and TRCA caps or cowboy hats.
The Monahans Sandhills State Park is a 3,840-acre state park located in the southern Llano Estacado in Ward County and Winkler County, Texas.
The horizon of Djurö consists only of water, except in southern direction where Kinnekulle is visible.
Research goes on, resulting in the study of amber deposits, the recognition of underground stromatolites formed by manganese-oxidising bacteria, and a new mineral form, zaccagnaite-3R.
It was also an area where wildlife biologists experimented with plants and planting arrangements which would most benefit wildlife.
Attractions include White's Creek Cave, Fiddler and Bliss Springs, traces of old tramway railroads, and overlooks of the Eleven Point River.
Since mid-2005, the station has covered its operating expenses with station fees from visiting researchers and courses.
Various salamanders, including spotted salamanders and red back salamanders
The number of mammals that has been recorded from the park is 44, and it has one of the highest leopard densities in the world.
The preserve has seen recent volcanic activity, with lava flows and lake-filled maars.
The animal life of the park is similar to the southern Nahuel Huapi National Park.
On April 15, 2011, the park was closed due to wildfires, and was reopened on May 25, 2011.
Typical vegetation includes Olivillo, Chilean Myrtle, Valdivia's Patagua, Chilean Laurel, Tepa and Winter's Bark.
Located near Swansboro, along the Southern Outer Banks, or Crystal Coast, the state park covers 1,520 acres and consists mainly of Bear Island.
The Afi Mountain Wildlife Sanctuary is situated in southern Nigeria, and covers 104 km².
There are more than 60 trail entrances.
Omuls, sigs, sturgeons, graylings, taimens, lenoks and other fish spawn in the rivers of the reserve.
It is a national nature reserve and is one of six areas which together form the Clyde Valley Woodlands.
The area is administered by the Nature Conservation Agency of the Czech Republic.
The closest major town is Balmorhea, Texas.
In 2008, the National Park Service reintroduce the lizard to Buck Island, translocating 57 individuals from Green Cay.
Semipalmated plover, least sandpiper, red knot, and black-bellied plover are also common during migration.
The only larger city on Djursland is Grenå, but both Randers and Aarhus are close-by.
Prior to being assigned to the National Park Service, the canyon area formed the southmost unit of Alabama's DeSoto State Park.
Rice Lake is known for its tremendous number of ring-necked ducks.
It is located in the Jackson Mountains north of the South Jackson Mountains Wilderness and east of the Black Rock Desert Wilderness.
Most of the park was burned over in the 2016 Soberanes Fire.
It currently has no roads or developed trails.
Among the lake's visitors are ducks, geese, storks, and pink flamingoes.
The refuge was opened to public deer hunting in 2002 in an attempt to control local animal populations.
Charlotte Harbor Preserve State Park is a 46,000-acre Florida State Park, composed of islands and land that surrounds Charlotte Harbor.
There are approximately 1400 species of vascular plants, 282 species of mosses and 130 species of freshwater algae.
The area is used by the Sami population for reindeer grazing all year around.
It is the first reserve in the world to have successfully relocated tigers.
Within its boundaries are 100 miles of trails, 6 of Colorado's fourteeners and 9 passes over 12,000 feet.
Preserved primarily in its wild state, woodlands abound in a variety of hardwood trees, and tall hemlocks tower above streams, creeks and ponds, and waterfalls.
It extends downstream from the falls and to the south-east along the Batoka Gorges.
The park offers picnic areas, numerous trails, and paved roads accessible by bike.
It drains into Poland Brook, thence into the South River, the Deerfield River, the Connecticut River, and Long Island Sound.
There is an indigenous garden at the entrance, and footpaths that take visitors past birdlife and views of the surrounding countryside.
The land is mountainous and fertile, and there are naturally grown teak trees.
Big Hill Springs is located northwest of Calgary, Alberta at the foothills of the Rocky Mountains.
Mississippi River State Fish and Wildlife Area is an 24,386-acre protected area in Jersey and Calhoun Counties, Illinois, United States.
The nearest town with full services is Richfield.
Johnson-Sauk Trail State Recreation Area is an Illinois state park on 1,365 acres in Henry County, Illinois, United States.
Some lower dunes support various grassland species.
The park is also near Beartown State Park and Watoga State Park.
Minami-Bōsō Quasi-National Park is a quasi-national park in the Kantō region of Honshū in Japan.
Sugarloaf, 1,044 feet and 0.6 miles north of Mount Erie, is its second highest peak.
The Bardiya National Park, also spelled Bardia, is a protected area in Nepal that was established in 1988 as Royal Bardia National Park.
The last time the site was assessed by Natural England, in June 2009, it was given a "favourable" rating.
Follow Middle Run Road north to the Hillcrest WMA.
Forest headquarters are located in Kalispell, Montana.
The Ladd S. Gordon Waterfowl Complex is a group of four conservation area in New Mexico devoted to assisting birdlife in the region.
The Area de Conservación Guanacaste, is a World Heritage Site in Guanacaste Province, in northwestern Costa Rica.
Tampoketsa Analamaitso Reserve is a wildlife reserve of Madagascar located in the Sofia Region.
The forest is threatened by the desire for land by local people.
The High Falls and other waterfalls and rapids upstream necessitated a historically important portage on a fur trade route between the Great Lakes and inland Canada.
Other animals at the park include bighorn sheep, mule deer and a wide variety of waterfowl, wading birds and small mammals and reptiles.
The park has nine main gates allowing entrance to the different camps.
SRTM data and local topographic maps show that their true elevations are approximately 5,700 m, lower than the 5,775 m elevation that is often quoted.
Kaggaladu is a small village in the historic Sira Taluk of Tumkur district in the south of Karnataka.
The California Citrus State Historic Park is in the city of Riverside in Riverside County, California, United States.
Most of the canopy top is about 14 meters in height, but in wetter parts it may almost triple in vertical extent.
The land for the park, formerly a ranch, was purchased by the state in 1972 in order to construct a reservoir.
Wildcat Mountain State Park is open for year-round recreation including hiking, canoeing, fishing, and cross-country skiing.
Yankee Springs State Recreation Area is a state-managed protected area located in Yankee Springs Township in Barry County, Michigan.
An international border with Canada runs along the crest of the Boundary Ranges of the Coast Mountains.
Canmore Nordic Centre Provincial Park is a provincial park in Alberta, Canada, located immediately west of Canmore, 105 km west of Calgary.
A hang-gliding school provides concessionaire hang-gliding lessons in the park.
The park is dominated by swamps as peat forests, like the neighbouring Berbak National Park, and both parks are Ramsar wetlands of international importance.
Oak and hickory prefer the dry ridge tops of the area, while sycamore, black willow, buckeye and silver maple line the stream valleys.
The stated objectives of this refuge are:
Stumptown WMA is located on 1,675 acres of hilly terrain, mostly covered with mixed oak and pine forest, with stands of mixed hardwoods.
The Lake Superior forest region was one of the last areas in Michigan to be logged for old-growth Red Pine and White Pine.
To the northwest is Boumba Bek National Park, another national park in Cameroon's East Province.
It covers an area of 113 square kilometres of forests, lakes, meadows and peatlands.
The closest numbered highway is U.S. Highway 136 in Mason County.
The park covers a vast area of forest and offers opportunities for various outdoor activities.
The course's restaurant/lounge overlooks the lakes and the National Natural Landmark Spanish Peaks.
The park was initially gazetted as a Game Reserve in 1941, and as a National Park in 1972.
21-B(1) Historic District, which was added to the National Register of Historic Places on October 2, 1992.
Pfaueninsel is also a nature reserve in accordance with the EU Habitats Directive and a Special Protection Area for wild birds.
Slītere National Park is famous for the broadleaf forests covering former coastline and for the unique complex of dunes and depressions featuring inter-dune bogs.
In 1996 the State of Utah and Emery County restored the panel as part of the state's centennial celebration.
South Mountains State Park is a North Carolina state park in Burke County, North Carolina in the United States.
During the fall and winter months, the lake level is lowered to prepare for the storage of heavy spring rainfall.
The 407-acre park was established in 1932 at the northern end of the state's largest oxbow lake, Big Lake.
This managed prairie contains 8.3 miles of mountain bike trails.
In spring, the wooded hollows echo with the gobbling of wild turkey and the drumming of the ruffed grouse.
Elias National Park and Preserve, the largest national park in the United States.
The site is surrounded on three sides by the Upper Teesdale SSSI.
The park's headquarters are located at Roodewerf.
Access to the Fairfax Pond – Rehe WMA can be gained from West Virginia Route 92 on Arthur Road and Dogtown Road.
The parking lot for Kaloe Castle Ruin is also an access point.
All Florida areas are accessible by automobile.
The lagoon is also an important bird nesting ground.
In late spring and summer the beach hosts piping plover, and common and least terns as well as sandpiper and other shorebirds.
US Fish Hatchery – The Rock Creek Trailhead
The main attractions at the park include the beach, a boat launch, and shore fishing.
Lakeshore State Park is a 22-acre Wisconsin state park located on the shores of Lake Michigan in the city of Milwaukee.
The Oregon Trail was laid by fur traders and traders from about 1811 to 1840, and was only passable on foot or by horseback.
It was established in 1996, succeeding from the Conservation Forest Tam Dao which was formed in 1977.
Dall sheep dot the higher slopes while Alaskan moose feed upon the tender new growth that springs up in the wake of frequent lightning caused fires.
Leelanau State Park is a 1,740-acre state park located on the Leelanau Peninsula in Leelanau County, Michigan.
It is named after Bob Marshall, an early forester in the federal government, conservationist, and co-founder of The Wilderness Society.
Holland State Park is located in the U.S. state of Michigan, in Park Township, Ottawa County, four miles west of the city of Holland.
In the wake of the 2010 Haiti earthquake, UNESCO's World Heritage Program is helping Haiti assess the damage.
Atlin Provincial Park and Recreation Area is a provincial park in British Columbia, Canada.
The land is generally maintained as a natural park, with various trails and a memorial plaza featuring a statue of Roosevelt.
Cherney Maribel Caves consists of seven caves along a rugged cliff line that runs parallel with the West Twin River.
It is one of Gauteng’s premier ecotourism destinations.
In 1988, Congress designated 95 percent of the park as the Olympic Wilderness.
This area is an important place for nesting and passage for nearly 200 species of birds, most of which are strictly protected internationally.
Apart from a chapel, the settlement includes 17 older houses and over thirty remodelled or modern homes.
Las Vegas National Wildlife Refuge rests on a plateau in the foothills with the Rocky Mountains just beyond.
Edward Ball Wakulla Springs State Park is a Florida State Park in Wakulla County, Florida, United States.
Elements such as calcium and magnesium create conditions in the soil that raise the pH of the soil and increase nutrient availability for plants.
The two projects identified under the programme, as demonstration project sites were the Jessore and Balaram-Ambaji Sanctuaries.
The Park also includes an antique manor house at Kurów.
The site is under threat due to its rare wildlife dying and animals species being wiped out.
The park is known for its rare and endangered endemic wildlife such as the Assam roofed turtle, hispid hare, golden langur and pygmy hog.
Lake George State Forest is divided into three tracts of land.
These grassland openings were probably created by the extinct megafauna, such as mammoths and mastodons, that were once found in the area.
Mansons Landing Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia, Canada, located at Mansons Landing on Cortes Island.
The Pan-American Highway, when completed as proposed, would pass near or through Los Katíos.
The park consists of 176,638 hectares of lowland tropical forest.
The land was originally purchased by a development group, and later sold to the state of Michigan.
Established in 1957, the park spans the municipalities of Inagawa, Kawanishi and Sasayama.
The Alligator River National Wildlife Refuge is a 152,000-acre National Wildlife Refuge located in eastern North Carolina along the Atlantic Coast.
The Hell Creek area hosts a marina.
At low tide, there are acres of tide pools.
Hiking, fishing, camping, hunting, ice fishing, and on-site OHV riding are welcome.
Forest headquarters are located in Eureka, California.
Arabia Mountain is a monadnock in DeKalb County, Georgia, United States.
It protects diverse ecosystems such as lowland rainforests, cloud forests and Andean grasslands.
It is located on the shore of Galveston Bay.
Collis P. Huntington State Park is a state-owned, public recreation area in the towns of Redding, Newtown, and Bethel in Fairfield County, Connecticut.
It also includes sand dunes and limestone plateaus.
Dead Horse Point has frequently been noted on lists of unusual place names.
The island is located in the southeastern Pacific Ocean, at the southeastern extremity of the Polynesian Triangle.
Higganum Reservoir State Park is a state park in the town of Haddam, Connecticut.
It was designated a Wisconsin State Natural Area in 1971 and a National Natural Landmark in 1980.
Tomlinson Run State Park sits on 1,398 acres along the small Ohio River tributary of the same name.
Street legal vehicles can be used on the 100+ miles of roads and trails as long as these are not behind closed gates.
Cedar River National Grassland is a National Grassland located in Sioux County and Grant County in southern North Dakota, United States.
The Somoto Canyon was declared a national monument on November 29, 2006.
The Park is shared between two voivodeships: Łódź Voivodeship and Silesian Voivodeship.
The young rock cliffs of the Fiz mountain range dominate the former Pormenaz mountain range.
Throughout decades of change, Patuxent's mission of conserving and protecting the nation's wildlife and habitat through research and wildlife management techniques has remained virtually unchanged.
The Mattawa River is a river in central Ontario, Canada.
In 1858, the present red-and-white tower replaced the original.
It is along the north side of the Keys in that area that border the Gulf of Mexico.
The Siffleur Wilderness Area is a provincially designated wilderness area in the Canadian Rockies of Alberta.
This places the park about 250 miles southeast of Lake Baikal, on the edge of the Lake Baikal ecoregion.
Unzen-Amakusa National Park is a national park in Nagasaki, Kumamoto, and Kagoshima Prefectures, Japan.
The Owens River Headwaters Wilderness is a wilderness area inside the Inyo National Forest in eastern California designated to protect the headwaters of the Owens River.
The Pacific Northwest National Scenic Trail traverses the Forest.
Namaqua National Park is a South African national park situated approximately 495 km north of Cape Town and 22 km northwest of Kamieskroon.
The park encompasses the caldera of Crater Lake, a remnant of a destroyed volcano, Mount Mazama, and the surrounding hills and forests.
The Peru Peak and Big Branch Wilderness areas are within White Rocks NRA.
The only way people can access Cape Churchill is by helicopter or Tundra Buggy.
In 2006, the land along the lake's shoreline was added for the present size of 242 acres.
The two Senchal lakes supply drinking water to the town of Darjeeling.
One of the most notable features of the park is the presence of large talus slopes on three sides of the lake.
Baldoyle Bay is a sea inlet on the east coast of Fingal in Ireland.
It is also home to over 90 species of birds including the peregrine falcon, and the heron.
The 917-acre natural area is on the northwest edge of Quehanna Wild Area.
The natural forces that have shaped this land range from the violent and powerful to the geologically patient.
Seedskadee National Wildlife Refuge is a National Wildlife Refuge of the United States located in western Sweetwater County in the state of Wyoming.
First dedicated in the 1920s, Hayes is one of the oldest state parks in Michigan and was originally named "Cedar Hill State Park."
Here, after the assassination of William McKinley, Theodore Roosevelt took the oath of office as President of the United States on September 14, 1901.
Mammals frequently spotted are Blesbuck, Black wildebeest, Zebra, Gemsbok and Springbok, as well as some ostriches.
Laba Forest is a protected forest in Burkina Faso.
The City of Fort Collins purchased the land for Soapstone Prairie Natural Area in 2004, which was opened to the public in 2009.
The park was founded in 1985, making it Kazakhstan's first national park.
The park is a dry season feeding ground for the elephant population dwelling in forests of Matale, Polonnaruwa, and Trincomalee districts.
In total, the park is 1,194 acres in area.
Shackford Head State Park is a state-operated, public recreation area on Moose Island in the city of Eastport, Washington County, Maine.
North Devon's Biosphere Reserve is a UNESCO-designated biosphere reserve in North Devon.
The refuge has no facilities other than a parking lot and trails and is administered by Muleshoe National Wildlife Refuge in Texas.
On August 12, 1970, it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
The Douglas Ranger District comprises three mountain ranges north and east of Douglas, Arizona.
The refuge hosts millions of migratory birds each year including species such as bald eagle and tundra swan.
Si Satchanalai National Park is a national park in Thailand.
Canoeing is one of the most popular activities.
Over 25 species of waterfowl, along with numerous other waterbirds, depend on Oyster Bay for survival.
The Powers Butte Wildlife Area is located along the east side of the Gila River, about twenty miles north of Gila Bend, in Maricopa County, Arizona.
One can come across such animals as roe deer, wild boar, chamois.
In recent years, a number of government and international projects have begun rebuilding the infrastructure of the park.
In September 2003, the island was almost entirely flooded by Hurricane Isabel.
The park is also part of the Confluence Greenway and is at the northwestern end of the 21.5-mile Sam Vadalabene Bike Trail.
There is no dedicated budget or staff for the refuge; it is administered completely by the Okefenokee National Wildlife Refuge.
The park, which was created in 2007 through a land swap with the U.S.
Castle Mountains National Monument is a U.S. National Monument located in the eastern Mojave Desert and northeastern San Bernardino County, in the state of California.
Two Creeks Buried Forest State Natural Area is open to visitation.
Irvine Ranch contains a remarkably complete stratigraphic succession ranging in age from late Cretaceous to the present.
Vålådalen Nature Reserve is a nature reserve in Jämtland County in Sweden.
The hills give their name to the local government district of Mendip, which administers most of the area.
The park is situated in the central zone of the Sierra de Guadarrama, in Spain.
There are ancient temples in the park for worship and it is a destination for trekking and hiking.
Park activities include picnicking, camping, hiking on 5 miles of trails, boating, fishing, swimming, scuba diving, clam digging, crabbing, beachcombing, birdwatching, wildlife viewing, and horseshoes.
Sinharaja Forest Reserve is a national park and a biodiversity hotspot in Sri Lanka.
The park includes the Inangahua, Maruia and Grey Rivers, and the Victoria and Brunner Ranges.
The Fish and Wildlife Service was able to acquire this land in 1990.
Anawalt Lake WMA is located about 20 miles southeast of Welch.
Yellow Bluff Fort Historic State Park is a Florida State Park in Jacksonville, Florida.
On average, about 4 million people visit Yosemite each year, and most spend the majority of their time in the 5.9 square miles of Yosemite Valley.
The park office is in the town of Hulbert, Oklahoma.
The Red Rock-Secret Mountain Wilderness is a 47,195-acre wilderness area located within the Coconino National Forest in the U.S. state of Arizona.
The park is located in Silver Creek Township, about 13 miles northeast of Two Harbors, Minnesota in Lake County on scenic Minnesota Highway 61.
The current headquarters director is Lin Ching.
In 2014 the Ministry of the Environment plans to extend the park to include Minami Sanriku Kinkasan Quasi-National Park.
The Bori Wildlife Sanctuary is a wildlife sanctuary in Hoshangabad District of Madhya Pradesh state in central India.
It is located within the Shawnee National Forest in Union County in the U.S. state of Illinois.
It is managed by the Connecticut Department of Energy and Environmental Protection.
The park has a boat launch and swimming area that can be accessed using Washington State Route 531.
The hardwood forests on the rolling hills of southern Indiana also include a 50-foot sandstone bluff.
The first land for the WMA was purchased in 1943, and the mission of the WMA is to conserve mule deer and elk wintering habitat.
In 1974, it opened as the first National Government Park.
The Catskill Park is in the Catskill Mountains in New York in the United States.
The park has trails ranging in difficulty from easy to expert, and connects to the Bruce Trail.
Quinnipiac River State Park is state-run, public recreation area located in the town of North Haven, Connecticut.
It consists of an exposure of a mineral vein in the valley of the Killhope Burn, just upstream from the North of England Lead Mining Museum.
Animals in the area are langurs, muntjac, tapirs and hornbills.
The Okeluse Forest Reserve is situated in S W Nigeria, and covers 144 km2.
Ilanda Wilds is a nature reserve situated along Amanzimtoti River in the town of Amanzimtoti, KwaZulu-Natal, South Africa.
Efforts are underway to nominate the area as a World Heritage Site.
It is operated by the Michigan Department of Natural Resources.
The name honors Billings and the other owners of the property: George Perkins Marsh, Mary Montagu Billings French, Laurance Rockefeller, and Mary French Rockefeller.
The Burdon Canal Nature Reserve in Belize is a low-lying basin, comprising the backswamps of the Belize River/Haulover Creek delta.
Lake Kissimmee State Park is a 5,930-acre Florida State Park located on State Road 60, 15 miles east of Lake Wales.
The Slovene name for the valley is of relatively recent coinage and is derived from the Logar Farm, which in turn is derived from log.
The park's riparian habitat is a good quality example of a disappearing natural resource.
Since the 1920s, fishermen have congregated here to harvest mutton snapper and grouper during their ten-day spawning aggregation period that occurs between March and June.
The northernmost Astor Tract stretches roughly from a point between Pierson and Lake George south to State Road 40 east of the Volusia settlement.
The Deep Fork National Wildlife Refuge is part of the United States system of National Wildlife Refuges.
The last four miles of the main canyon drop steeply through Glen Canyon National Recreation Area into Lake Powell.
The land was leased from the City of Corpus Christi in 1934 and the park was opened in 1934.
De Hoop Nature Reserve is flanked by another protected area, the De Hoop Marine Protected Area, a three nautical mile stretch.
The marshland lies between the Rivers Fluvià and Muga.
It is part of the EU-wide Natura 2000-network.
68-51 requesting the Department of the Interior to establish the National Seashore on the east coast of Volusia County, Florida.
The park has an area of 82.86 square kilometers and was established on 20 January 2006 to protect low wetland ecosystem in the region.
Unusually, the Wilderness is in two separate units, divided by the Willow Creek drainage and the fire roads to Alder Creek.
President Richard Nixon declined a request to light the candle.
Established in 1977, the park spans the municipalities of Kanoya and Tarumizu.
The grassy margins of the river, surrounding lakes, and waterways provide breeding habitat for trumpeter swans, white-fronted geese, canvasback ducks, cranes, and many other migratory species.
A fuller appreciation of the story of the Klondike Gold Rush requires exploration and discovery on both sides of the Canada–United States border.
The waterfall Mollisfossen is one of the more spectacular falls at 269 metres in height.
The United States Congress established the monument as a National Park on November 19, 1919.
Its chief attractions for visitors are spring wildflowers, fishing, and wildlife watching.
It is located just south of Highway 401 near the town of Courtice, between the cities of Bowmanville and Oshawa.
Due to conservation efforts, the park now has the largest population of white rhino in the world.
Located in the western face of the Colombian Eastern Andean Range in the departments of Huila and Caquetá, the park covers an area of 9,000 hectares.
The forest is broken into several separate sections and extends over 2.63 million acres.
Coffeen Lake State Fish and Wildlife Area is an Illinois state park on 297 acres in Montgomery County, Illinois, United States just south of Coffeen.
It consists of three islets off the western coast of Chiloé Island to the west and north of Puñihuil.
McArthur–Burney Falls Memorial State Park is the second oldest state park in the California State Parks system, located approximately 6 miles north of Burney, California.
The site contains nine structures, three of which are listed in the National Register of Historic Places.
Administratively the Park is within Subcarpathian Voivodeship: in Bieszczady County, Lesko County and Sanok County.
It takes its name from that of Mount Ślęża.
El Capitán State Beach is a protected beach in the state park system of California.
A 2009 survey brought the total discovered length of the cave system to about 126 km, with many areas still not well explored.
It was the first national park to be created in the Kingdom of Denmark and remains Greenland's only national park.
Numerous proposals for rehabilitating the research center have been put forward, but the site remains comparatively underused
Established in 2001, the park comprises ten non-contiguous areas scattered over the municipalities of Ibaraki, Minō, Nose, Shimamoto, Takatsuki and Toyono.
The Mount Hood Unit lies to the southeast of Mount Hood.
The fauna includes tapirs, anteaters and peccaries, as well as fish in the rivers, brooks and lakes.
Wenatchee Confluence State Park is a state-operated, public recreation area and nature preserve at the north end of the city of Wenatchee in Chelan County, Washington.
Park lands entirely surround Rice Lake, an important stopping point for migrating waterfowl.
Ngurdoto Crater in the south-east is grassland.
The rainfall results in tall grass and lush swamps.
Puszcza Romincka Landscape Park is a protected area in northern Poland, established in 1998, covering an area of 146.2 square kilometres.
Established in 1964, the park is within the municipality of Kasagi.
Situated on 7 hectares next to the Madawaska River, it has more than 80,000 plants, making it the largest arboretum east of Montreal.
Nxai Pan National Park lies just north of the Maun-Nata main road and adjoins the Makgadikgadi Pans National Park on its northern border.
It is bounded by the river channels known locally as The Gull, Lower Gull and The Narrows.
The park was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1970.
Gulf Islands National Park Reserve is the sixth of eight National Park Reserves in a system of 46 parks and park reserves across Canada.
Just as with other hollow trees in the folklore, the belief is that passing through the hole can cure diseases.
Glacier Bay Wilderness is a wilderness area in Glacier Bay National Park and Preserve in the U.S. state of Alaska.
The park is in the Mtwara district of Southeast Tanzania and extends to the border with Mozambique.
This site is 1582 km²and 94,235.00 km².
The site provides a map for the 4.5 miles Aiea Loop Trail.
Coyote Creek is the most densely stocked trout stream in New Mexico.
Riparian Oak Woodland, located in this park, is threatened and the park is trying to protect it.
El Eden Ecological Reserve is a non governmental organization Ecological Reserve in Quintana Roo, Mexico.
It is located in Stony River Township, in Lake County, Minnesota and is part of the Superior National Forest.
The park also operates the Mackinac Island Airport.
The south entrance is at the townsite of Wasagaming, which is the only commercial centre within the park boundaries.
The swamp’s hydrology "provides for an interconnected network of swamps, fens, bogs and marshes".
Bamboos are well represented in these forests.
The rare Stump-tailed macaque is frequently seen near the main trek to the peak.
Pointe aux Pins is a peninsula running south into Lake Erie at about 82 degrees west longitude.
Roper Lake State Park is a state park of Arizona, surrounding 32-acre Roper Lake.
A current proposal by Senator Barbara Boxer would add the BLM-owned lands to the California Coastal National Monument.
The wildlife refuge is divided into two units: the Edisto River unit and the Combahee River unit.
The park encompasses Mount Miwa, Byakugō-ji, Shōryaku-ji, Enshō-ji, Kōnin-ji, Isonokami Jingū, Chōgaku-ji, Ōmiwa Jinja, and Hase-dera, as well as a number of kofun.
The name of the plaza refers to the fact that it is located near the site where the Brazil was declared a Republic in 1889.
It was established on January 8, 1996.
The forest contains three alpine wilderness areas, Uncompahgre, Mount Sneffels and Lizard Head.
Its name relates to steatite found there: Ukkusiksalik means "where there is material for the stone pot".
A beach pavilion featuring concessions, bathrooms, changing stalls, and a lifeguard tower was built at a cost of $4.5 million, and opened in May 2012.
The park forms one of the largest continuous nature reserves in the Netherlands.
It contains a group of low sandhills and riparian wetlands along the Nottoway River.
Other Washington towns near entrances of the forest include Port Angeles, Sequim, and Amanda Park.
The region features the shale lithology known as Setap Shale, and sometimes as Temburong Formation.
The parent rock was originally limestone that metamorphosed to marble during the geologic processes that created the Klamath Mountains, including the Siskiyous.
The most recent expansion included purchase of 42 acres which is planned to contain a trail named after the previous landowners.
The Humboldt-Toiyabe National Forest is the principal U.S. National Forest in the U.S. state of Nevada, and has a smaller portion in Eastern California.
During all seasons, the refuge's shoreline and open spoil deposits are used as resting sites for brown pelicans, gulls, and terns.
As with most national wildlife refuges, the Kenai National Wildlife Refuge is open to hunting.
The Core Arboretum is a 91-acre arboretum owned by West Virginia University and located on Monongahela Boulevard in Morgantown, West Virginia.
The site takes in the disused workings of two former lead mines, Slit Mine and Middlehope Mine.
It was named after Lois Hole, former Lieutenant Governor of Alberta.
Bóbr Valley Landscape Park is a protected area in south-western Poland.
Within Lubusz Voivodeship it lies in Wschowa County.
It is located along the Juruena River, in the north of Mato Grosso state and the south of Amazonas state.
The ZEC Chapeau de Paille is a "zone d'exploitation contrôlée", located in the Mekinac Regional County Municipality, in administrative region of Mauricie, in Quebec.
Platt Hill State Park is an undeveloped public recreation area occupying 159 acres in the town of Winchester, Connecticut.
It is administered by Ontario Parks, which classifies it as a natural environment park.
Established in 2006, the park spans the borders of the municipalities of Kaiyō, Kamikatsu, Kamiyama, and Naka.
Nested among these mountains is Lake Guineo, the island's highest lake.
Commonly observed wildlife include mule deer, elk and great horned owls.
The fauna of the Park includes 44 species of large mammals, and many species of birds.
The two areas are separated by the Killarney North Forest Reserve.
The 18,208-acre Rice Lake National Wildlife Refuge was established in 1935 and is located in the scenic forest and bog area of northern Minnesota.
The riparian plant and animal communities depend strongly on each other.
The trail is divided into sections designated South, North, and the Thompson addition.
It preserves a seepage wetland that supports a large collection of rare plants, including camass, bog-buttons, fringed orchids, and purple pitcher plants.
Sonoma Coast State Park is a State of California property in Sonoma County consisting of public access use on lands adjoining the Pacific Ocean.
Its name, Parque Nacional Pan de Azúcar, means "sugar loaf national park".
About 10% of the area is non-forested marshes, ponds, hayfields and pastures.
After automation in 1988, the light station became part of adjacent Quoddy Head State Park.
The Zec Ménokéosawin is a "zone d'exploitation contrôlée", located in the region of Mauricie, in Quebec, Canada.
It was established on May 30, 1990.
The big territory with nature conditions provides existence of many animals.
Amacayacu National Natural Park is a national park located along the Amazon River in the Amazonas Department in the south of Colombia.
In descending order of land area it is located in parts of Utah, Wasatch, Juab, and Sanpete counties.
The facility, which occupies a former firehouse, has exhibits on Gardner's industrial past as a center of furniture manufacturing.
All lakes and ponds, except Snakeden Hollow Lake which is 160 acres, were formed as the result of surface mining operations.
It is steep to the southwest but slopes gradually to the northeast, and is separated from the rest of the land by a valley.
It covers an area of 221 km2 and was created in 1987 to protect the Montecristo's cloud forest and its rare flora and fauna.
Boats not towing water skiers or tubers are not permitted to enter the waters of the skiing area.
It occupies an area of 553 square kilometres and was established in 1985.
The word Ocala is thought to be a derivative of a Timucuan Indian term meaning "fair land" or "big hammock".
Managed by the United States Forest Service together with Wenatchee National Forest, its headquarters are in Wenatchee.
Illinois acquired more than 1,100 acres in 1927, and dedicated the park as Giant City State Park.
The Thousand Lakes Wilderness is located within the southern portion of the Cascade Range in northeastern California.
The Little Cataraqui Creek flows through the area and a reservoir has been built for water control and wildlife management purposes.
The area was officially designated as a regional natural park in 1976 with a total land area of 50,000 hectares.
The Maramureș Mountains Natural Park is a protected area situated in Romania, in the north part in the Maramureș County.
It lies close to Ladysmith with Winterton being the closest town, and is about 4,400 hectares.
It encompasses 6,070 square kilometers and is administered by the United States Forest Service.
NC 73 runs from west to east from the Yadkin River to Mount Gilead.
The "regular campground" has 116 campsites that include picnic tables, electric hookups, a fire ring, and parking pad.
Los Encinos State Historic Park is a state park unit of California, United States, preserving buildings of Rancho Los Encinos.
It consists of level to moderately sloping, broad ridges with stream terraces and broad floodplains.
In 1985, a second section of Malleco National Reserve was also made part of the national park.
It had an initial area of 2,356 hectares.
In addition, various beaches are accessible by boat from Kampung Bako or Teluk Assam, as well as a geologically interesting sea stack rock formation.
Store Mosse is a national park in Småland in southern Sweden, located in the municipalities of Vaggeryd, Gnosjö and Värnamo.
The Popo Agie Wilderness is a primarily sub-alpine and alpine region with the minimum elevation of 8,400 feet.
The park is continuous with the Khao Sok National Park to the north, separated by highway 401.
Its eastern terminus has historically been Battery Rock, overlooking the Ohio River but now generally Elizabethtown, Illinois is used as the eastern terminus.
The popular Toinga Peak has an elevation of about 1000 feet.
Black Oak Heritage Park is a park in Essex County, Ontario, Canada, located along the boundary between Windsor and LaSalle.
It is governed by Metsähallitus and covers 150 square kilometres.
The monument covers 83,840 acres and encompasses the floors and rims of the three major canyons: de Chelly, del Muerto, and Monument.
It is one of eight refuges of the Southeast Louisiana National Wildlife Refuge Complex.
If heavy rains occur, surface water runoff is stored in the lake until the swollen streams and rivers below the dam have receded.
Since 1992 the industrial complex has been home to Quehanna Motivational Boot Camp, a minimum-security prison.
The water comes out a half-inch nozzle pointed skyward, and the 500 feet of elevation difference creates the pressure that drives the fountain.
Congress extended the deadline for fund-raising yet again on May 24, 2010, giving the memorial until December 2, 2013, to finish its efforts.
Alder, Alnus glutinosa, is the dominant species in wetter areas, next to the burn and in valley-side flushes.
Craigleith Provincial Park is a small park located between Collingwood and Thornbury west of Collingwood) on the southern shores of Georgian Bay.
The park was established December 4, 1934.
The lake is located in the Meshchyera Lowlands, a glacial alluvial plain of swampy lowlands, gravelly moraines and limestone bedrock.
The park is home to large breeding populations of elephants, wild water buffalo, and swamp deer.
A separate section of the park lies to the north and is centered at Ananui Creek.
Other nesting locations can also be viewed from shore.
Piedmont National Wildlife Refuge is a 35,000-acre National Wildlife Refuge established in 1939 and located in central Georgia.
Oldflån-Ansätten Nature Reserve is a nature reserve in Jämtland County in Sweden.
One of the park's primary assets is a 2.5-mile section of Salt Creek, a major tributary of central Illinois' Sangamon River.
The park takes its name from 18th century Spanish explorer Juan Bautista de Anza and borrego, the Spanish word for bighorn sheep.
On April 15, 1991, the City Council ended logging, except to remove downed or dangerous trees, from the permitted uses of the forest.
Riisitunturi National Park is a national park in Posio, Finnish Lapland.
Most of the trails are multiple mode use.
Ise-Shima National Park is a national park in Mie Prefecture, Japan.
In 2002, it was designated a UNESCO biosphere reserve.
Established in 1994, the Cane River Creole National Historical Park serves to preserve the resources and cultural landscapes of the Cane River region.
It is managed by the United States Forest Service.
There are 4 main trails with 8 miles of hiking available.
The majority of refuge marshlands are on islands contained within the waters of Back Bay.
Congress created the Chama River Canyon Wilderness in New Mexico in February 1978.
It surrounds Tonga Island and is next to the Abel Tasman National Park.
Charit Creek Lodge is a wilderness lodge, accessible by trail, located within the park.
Wintertime activities includes dog-sledding, cross-country skiing, and snowmachining.
They can reach the put-in and take-out sites via a gravel access road off Raymond Drive.
Fire-making is prohibited if a forest fire warning is in effect.
The rocks also provide a habitat for harbor and northern elephant seals and California and Steller sea lions.
The access to the pathway leading to the syrup shacks is located at the west exit.
The park provides amenities for camping and fishing along with trails for hiking, mountain biking, horseback riding and cross-country skiing.
The district comprises 14 separate Waterfowl Production Areas's totalling 8,452 acres and one 6,300 acres conservation easement along the north shores of Flathead Lake.
There are approximately 100 glaciers in the Sarek National Park.
Altitude ranges are extreme: from 500 metres to 3,250 metres.
The entire island is owned by the federal government and is administered by the Bureau of Land Management's Wenatchee Office.
Side by side the serenely swimming gharial can be seen frolicking Ganges dolphins.
Lyndon Baines Johnson Memorial Grove on the Potomac is located on Columbia Island, in Washington, D.C.
The Ou Kaapse Weg main road runs through the reserve, cutting it into a northern and southern section.
The refuge also supports an abundance of nesting neotropical migratory birds, bobwhite quail, wild turkey, and white-tailed deer.
It is managed by the Mississippi Department of Wildlife, Fisheries and Parks.
The refuge is one of seven refuges administered by the Savannah Coastal Refuges Complex in Savannah, Georgia.
It is composed of western archipelagos; its landscape is filled with low mountain-like islands and islets, lots of channels and fjords.
Established in 1991, it has an area of 24 km2.
The purpose of the Blue Ridge Berryessa Natural Area is preservation of recreational lands, wild areas, agricultural lands and rural ranches.
The archeological park has exhibits to interpret the artifacts and evidence of nearly 10,000 years of human habitation found at this site.
Hainich National Park, founded on December 31, 1997, is the 13th national park in Germany and the only one in Thuringia.
On July 3, 1845, Kenneth Lewis Anderson, vice-president of the Republic of Texas died from illness at the Inn while en route home from Washington-on-the-Brazos.
The forests are home to abundant wildlife, including deer and bears.
Camping facilities include cabins, tent sites and RV sites with both modern and semi-modern.
The varied habitat found within the park includes a seven-kilometre stretch of coast, coastal wetlands, forests, and dunes.
It occupies almost the entire Gasa District, as well as the northern areas of Thimphu District, Paro District, Punakha, and Wangdue Phodrang Districts.
Charlestown State Park is an Indiana state park on 5,100 acres in Clark County, Indiana, in the United States.
Over the last decade there were a number of indications that the volcano was slowly building up towards a new eruption.
Hunters come in search of mule deer.
Steppe vegetation is predominant, dominated by Stipa tenacissima at lower altitudes.
Hence Don Quixote must go underground to meet the heroes of his ever-romantic imagination: Montesinos, Belerma, Durandarte.
The closest urban community is the village of Metamora, Michigan, which lies to its east and is its postal address.
The Great River National Wildlife Refuge protects approximately 11,600 acres along 120 miles of the Mississippi River, stretching north of St. Louis, Missouri.
It is part of the Kobuk Valley National Park.
According to the NGO, its fauna has been almost wiped out, but there is a massive plan to reintroduce or reinforce main species.
Spring water emanates from the aquifer deep underground keeping it at a cool 68 degrees year round.
Commonly sighted wildlife includes elk, mule deer, coyote, red fox and badger.
It is an integral part of the Charles M. Russell National Wildlife Refuge Complex, although the refuge is normally unstaffed and has few visitor improvements.
The 6,807-acre park is located 25 miles southeast of Asheville, North Carolina, and is owned by the state of North Carolina.
McLean National Wildlife Refuge is a 760-acre National Wildlife Refuge in the U.S. state of North Dakota.
Only 270 hectares of this habitat exist in Britain, two-thirds of it in County Durham.
Special events include an annual mariachi festival in March and bird tours and interpretive programs on request.
The maison du parc is located in the small commune of Saint-Brisson.
It is administered by the U.S. Forest Service and contains approximately 23,330 acres.
The island is only accessible by boat from the Koreshan State Historic Site or Lovers Key State Park.
Hanksville lies 12 miles to the south.
On the lagoon’s northeastern and eastern edges in the park, there are saltwater and brackish marshes that support thriving bird populations.
The swamp contains a number of wildlife species, including the endangered loggerhead shrike.
The New York State Department of Environmental Conservation began purchasing lands, working with The Nature Conservancy and other organizations.
It is located 40 km south of the Yellowhead Highway at Lucerne Campground.
Meadowlark Lake is a popular recreation area created by the construction of a dam built by Company 841 of the Civilian Conservation Corps in 1936.
Kisite-Mpunguti Marine National Park is situated on the southern coast of Kenya near Shimoni and south of Wasini Island in Kwale District near the Tanzanian border.
China Muerta National Reserve is a national reserve of Chile.
Iki-Tsushima Kokutei Kōen is a Quasi-National Park on Iki Island and Tsushima Island, Nagasaki Prefecture, Japan.
Visitors may take advantage of the .5 miles walking trail near Bayou Macon, but should be advised of black bears.
Morgan Brake National Wildlife Refuge is one of seven refuges in the Theodore Roosevelt National Wildlife Refuge Complex.
Thousands of mallards, blue-winged teal, Canada geese, and snow geese can be seen on the Refuge during their spring and fall migrations.
It falls within two provinces, the northwest of Ciudad Real and the southwest of Toledo.
Slit Woods is a Site of Special Scientific Interest in the Wear Valley district of County Durham, England.
The park is on the site of former Camp Zoe, which for many years was a summer camp for children.
The wilderness covers the White Mountains along the eastern boundary of California, from Boundary Peak in the north, south almost to Bishop.
It includes Mount Ōtaki and Mount Ōkawa.
The monument was designated on August 9, 1916 and is administered by the National Park Service.
Wekiwa Springs State Park is a 7,000-acre Florida State Park in Apopka, Florida.
Stebbins Cold Canyon Reserve is a unit of the University of California Natural Reserve System and is administered by the University of California, Davis.
Acadia is the oldest designated national park area east of the Mississippi River.
The park's origins are owed to engineer Alexander Allan, who purchased a large parcel of land in 1933 to prevent it from being developed.
Camdeboo National Park was proclaimed as South Africa's 22nd National Park under the management of South African National Parks on Sunday 30 October 2005.
Whitewater recreation is also very popular on both forks of the river, with Class II, III and IV runs.
High terraced castle-like sandstone walls tower 3,000 feet above the canyon floors.
The National Marine Park of Zakynthos founded in 1999, is a national park located in Laganas bay, in Zakynthos island, Greece.
The monument's 176,056 acres are managed by the Bureau of Land Management, as directed in the Presidential proclamation which created the site on June 9, 2000.
Eilat's Coral Beach Nature Reserve and Conservation area is a nature reserve and national park in the Red Sea, near the city Eilat in Israel.
Whitewater rafting is a popular recreational activity in this wilderness area.
While the wilderness straddles the Cascade Mountain Range, most of it is in the westside ecotype.
The forest's Upper Block encompasses approximately 800 acres on the western shore of Lake Lillinonah.
The San Joaquin River National Wildlife Refuge is a protected area of along the San Joaquin River in the northern San Joaquin Valley, California.
Phu Pha Thoep National Park, formerly known as Mukdahan National Park, is a national park in Mukdahan Province, Thailand.
The park has a total area of 135.71 hectares located entirely within the municipality of Narvacan.
The park sits on the Gulf of Mexico and was entirely rebuilt after all its buildings were destroyed by Hurricane Katrina in 2005.
The park is quite sandy throughout and is not wooded.
Tsimanampetsotsa National Park also spelt Tsimanampetsotse, and known as Tsimanampetsotsa Nature Reserve is a national park in the region Atsimo-Andrefana in Madagascar.
The San Francisco Maritime National Historical Park is located in San Francisco, California, United States.
The property became part of the state parks system in 1970.
Big Jacks Creek Wilderness is on its southeast border.
Originally called Lake Susie NWR, the name of the refuge was changed to its current title in the 1990s.
Paleontological Site Jazigo Cinco is located in the city of Santa Maria, Rio Grande do Sul, Brazil.
Caguanes National Park is a national park in Cuba.
Within the refuge is the longest continuously used bald eagle nesting site in the state of Nebraska.
The lake is stocked with bass and trout, and boats are limited to small electric motors.
In 1988, the reserve was extended to protect the primary forests of the foothills.
The park is closed to visitors during the rainy season.
The LCCA is open to archery deer hunting only.
One of Africa's oldest National parks, it was designated a UNESCO World Heritage Site in 1980.
Wolf Island National Wildlife Refuge - Established 1930
First designated for protection in 1952, the park's central features are Inba Marsh and Tega Marsh.
Within the Landscape Park are two nature reserves.
Jabal Samhan Nature Reserve is a nature reserve in Dhofar, Oman.
Fronting on the Atlantic Ocean's Gargathy Bay to the east, it is also bounded by Whites Creek and Mutton Hunk Branch to its north.
The closest towns to Nki are Yokadouma, Moloundou and Lomie, beyond which are rural lands.
Barguzinsky Nature Reserve is the oldest of zapovedniks.
It was established in 1977, and is a Natura 2000 EU Special Protection Area.
The preserve's woodland sits on four mountain ridges and divides the watersheds of Reed and Cripple creeks in the New River Valley.
The last 15 miles of the gulch are on a smooth, but curvy gravel road, adding a bit of time to get there.
With an area of 628,115 acres, it nearly surrounds Olympic National Park and the Olympic Mountain range.
The actual construction was by the Ancestral Puebloans.
369 by Governor-General Dwight F. Davis which underwent several amendments over the years to open up a few areas in the mineral rich watershed to mining.
There are numerous fishing venues and many different freshwater and saltwater fish for fishing enthusiasts.
Some of these trails link Big Basin to Castle Rock State Park and the eastern reaches of the Santa Cruz range.
The Clyde Valley Woodlands National Nature Reserve comprises six separate woodland sites in the Clyde Valley region of South Lanarkshire, Scotland.
The Chatyr-Kul area of the nature reserve is a Ramsar site.
It contains about 350 native plant species, of which about 25% are endangered.
The park's area covers 5.8 km², of which only a small portion is located on the mainland.
The county road along the east shore of Schroon Lake forms the western boundary; to the north, private land and NY 74 form the boundary.
Llanos de Challe National Park is located on the Pacific coast of the Atacama Region, Chile.
The Pinhoti Trail is accessible through the park.
Ecologically, the islands contain some old growth, but primarily secondary Northern hardwood forest.
Green Cay National Wildlife Refuge, just north of Saint Croix, U.S. Virgin Islands, preserves habitat for the largest remaining population of endangered Saint Croix ground lizard.
The St. Marks NWR also offers a wide range of subjects and settings for artistic expression via sketching and drawing, painting and photography.
Recreation in the park consists of camping, hunting, fishing, and hiking.
As of 2014, little development took place, and the park remains mostly untouched.
The park is located 15 miles east of Enumclaw on Route 410 about 30 miles below the summit of Chinook Pass.
It also has the greatest number of tortoise species of any park in the world - five in total.
Hilliard's Bay Provincial Park is a provincial park in Alberta, Canada.
The park is a popular spot for salmon and steelhead fishing and also attracts hikers and picnickers.
ZEC is administered by the "Association protectrice de la faune de Témiscaming", which is a non-profit organization.
There were as many gold diggers as the other people of Inari put together.
Kisatchie National Forest contains two significant roadless areas, established to protect native species: Cunningham Brake and Saline Bayou.
Originally designated as a National Monument in 1944, the park was declared a National Historical Park by the U.S. Congress in 1963.
White Mountains National Recreation Area is a National Recreation Area in the U.S. state of Alaska.
Turtle Cove, on the northwest side, is densely populated with sea turtles.
Kirwin National Wildlife Refuge is a National Wildlife Refuge of the United States located in Kansas.
However, there are eight fishless ponds each about 0.25 acres in size.
Lachuá Lake is a Karstic lake in Guatemala.
Fishing in the river offers anglers an excellent chance at white crappie, white bass, channel catfish, and flathead catfish, black bass, bluegill, and sunfish.
It is named for Chief Wabaunsee of Potawatomi tribe.
The park, which runs along the north side of Duck Lake to Lake Michigan, features a large sand dune.
Wilderness areas within National Forests and Bureau of Land Management areas also allow hunting in season.
It was also later controlled by the Spanish for 200 years from the 17th to the 19th century.
It is a UNESCO World Heritage Site shared by the two countries.
The Ile Parisienne Conservation Reserve was created in 2001 to protect the island's pristine geology, habitat, and wildlife.
In 2016, more than four and a half million recreational visitors entered the park, which is an increase of about nine percent from the prior year.
It is considered as a World Network of Biosphere Reserve in 2001.
Adjacent to the memorial is a Korean War-era Grumman F9F-6P Cougar Naval airframe, on loan to the Town of Tonawanda from the U.S. government.
The Grand Staircase-Escalante National Monument is a U.S. National Monument protecting 1,880,461 acres of land in southern Utah.
The 3.1-acre park was established in 1966.
It is part of the Wasatch-Cache National Forest.
The park is home to the following notable animals:
Monfragüe is a Spanish national park noted for its bird-life.
The park is managed by the Washington State Parks and Recreation Commission.
The vegetation consists primarily of dwarf xerophytic shrubs with some grasses.
The prairie sections of the refuge provide habitat for burrowing owls and sharp-tailed grouse.
The upland areas protect significant areas of longleaf pine forest, while the river creates bottomland hardwoods and shorelines with sand bars.
It is about 4,200 hectares in size.
Keta Lagoon, also called Anlo-Keta lagoon, is the largest of the over 90 lagoons that cover the 550 km stretch of the coastline of Ghana.
The South Kaibab is further divided into two districts, the Tusayan Ranger District, and the Williams Ranger District.
West Sister Island is roughly 13 miles west of Rattlesnake Island, 14.5 miles east of Turtle Island, and 8.75 miles due north of the Ohio mainland.
Historically, it was known as Ellice Huckleberry Swamp and was part of the Huron Tract administered by the Canada Company.
Since then, various excavations have taken place at the site.
Various spiders, beetles, and other creatures inhabit this below-ground world and are unique to this area of Texas.
The area supports good populations of white-tailed deer, raccoons, and squirrels.
"Zec de la Rivière-Moisie" is one of 22 controlled harvesting zone in Quebec dedicated to fishing salmon.
The Wupatki National Monument is a U.S. National Monument located in north-central Arizona, near Flagstaff.
Deer Parks Wildlife Management Area at 2,556 acres is an Idaho wildlife management area in Madison County near the town of Roberts.
It is adjacent to Käsivarsi Wilderness Area in Finland.
Itwara Central Forest Reserve is a body of medium altitude moist semi-deciduous forest in the Kyenjojo District, western Uganda.
The largest of these are Cliff Pond across), Flax Pond, Little Cliff Pond, and Higgins Pond.
All entry and exit is carefully controlled by the Wildlife Division of the Tanzanian Ministry of Natural Resources and Tourism.
Within the Tricity Landscape Park there are 10 nature reserves.
Six species of frogs, believed to be extinct, have been seen the region in the past several years.
Mukura Forest is a protected reserve in the North-West part of Rwanda, covering about 12.00 km²
Dolan Falls in the natural area is the highest volume waterfall in Texas.
Grand Teton has several National Park Service-run visitor centers, and privately operated concessions for motels, lodges, gas stations and marinas.
The area contains 168 bodies of water covering 2,400 acres, 78.3 miles of foot trails, and 11 lean-tos.
Approximately 50% of the private property within the refuge's future boundary has been acquired from willing sellers.
Classified as a "Natural Environment" park, it contains no roads, so camping is limited to interior sites.
Fort Bowie was a 19th-century outpost of the United States Army located in southeastern Arizona near the present day town of Willcox, Arizona.
Access to the park is by federal highway number 45 that goes from Chihuahua to Ciudad Juárez.
Primarily a shallow coastal estuary with gentle slopes, the 50 km2 site is underlain by various sedimentary rocks, including red sandstone and shale.
The area is closed to all activities from September 15 through March 15, when it is reopened for fishing and non-hunting day use activities.
It is reported to be the largest raised bog in north-western Europe.
The park is adjacent to, and has signed access from, Illinois Route 121.
It is located in the large Whitefish Bay, near the mouth of the smaller Batchawana Bay in Lake Superior near Sault Ste.
The whole of the Velebit range is a "nature park", a lesser conservation category.
Cameia National Park is a national park in the Moxico province of Angola, located at about 1100 m above sea level.
It is located about 30 km west from Cuenca, the capital of the province of Azuay.
Woodberry Wetlands is a nature reserve and designated Site of Metropolitan Importance on the site of the East Reservoir in Stoke Newington, Hackney, London.
The park is the only state-run park in KwaZulu-Natal where each of the big five game animals can be found.
Indian bison or gaur with a population around 1091 in 2014, is the flagship species of the area.
All visitor facilities are accessed from the aquarium's inholding.
Wiśnicz-Lipnica Landscape Park is a protected area in southern Poland, established in 1997, covering an area of 143.11 square kilometres.
Besides chimpanzees, primates inhabiting Gombe Stream include beachcomber olive baboons, red colobus, red-tailed monkeys, blue monkeys, and vervet monkeys.
Theorosa's Bridge is located just outside the town of Valley Center in Kansas, United States.
It does not include improvements for public access, and visitors must make arrangements with a state-employed land steward prior to visiting.
The sanctuary and island are accessed by a ferry service running between Ribander and Chorão.
Wolverines and lynx live in the park and surrounding mountains.
The main purpose of the ZEC is to manage the salmon fishing.
Gyzyljar Sanctuary is a sanctuary of Turkmenistan.
The river is remote and not accessible by road.
The refuge is located immediately north of the Northern Great Lakes Visitor Center, which is operated by the U.S.
The climate is arid with hot summers and cold winters.
Band-e Amir National Park is Afghanistan's first national park, located in the Bamyan Province.
The reserve is situated in the Gremyachinsk area of Perm Krai.
The parkland is entirely made up of volcanic soil.
A fifth unit has since been added.
Covering almost 60 square kilometres, it forms part of the Natura 2000 network.
The only wilderness hut in the park is located near the twin-peak of Riisitunturi, 465.3 m.
Most of the agriculture land of the area is devoted to raising soybeans and rice, for the benefit of waterfowl.
Bottomless Lakes State Park is a state park in the U.S. state of New Mexico, located along the Pecos River, about 15 miles southeast of Roswell.
It was established in 1937, and covers 235 km².
Turn Island is a small island in the San Juan Islands of northern Puget Sound of the U.S. state of Washington.
The park is known for its rugged topography and wide variety of wildlife.
It is located in the municipalities of Mayarí and Sagua de Tánamo in southern Holguín Province.
It is also known as a bird watchers' paradise as it was designated an Important Bird Area.
Formerly called Galilee State Beach after the village in which it is located, it was renamed to honor radio and television personality "Salty" Brine in 1990.
Saugatuck Dunes State Park is a 1,120 acre Michigan state park.
The mountainous interior is forested with Siebold's beech and Nootka cypress, and coastal areas have stands of tilia and oak.
The name Conecuh is believed to be of Muskogee origin.
Two districts of park structures built in the National Park Service rustic style are listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The trails ran along the north side of the rock, which remains a visible landmark for modern travelers along U.S. Route 26 and Nebraska Highway 92.
Originally built by the Civilian Conservation Corps in the 1930s, First Landing State Park is located on the Chesapeake Bay.
The area contains 48 bodies of water covering 569 acres, 26.5 miles of foot trails, and 2 lean-tos.
The island is wooded with "typical river trees like willow, poplar and red maple."
In some areas is possible to find specimen of Polylepis tarapacana.
The adjacent 4,000 acre wildlife area offers extensive horse trails and a shooting range.
Park activities include picnicking, fishing, clam digging, beachcombing, birdwatching, mountain biking, and wildlife viewing, including migratory gray whales.
The park contains a former torpedo warehouse built in 1901, a mining casement, and a gun battery.
The park offers water-based activities including swimming, motorized and non-motorized boating, and fishing plus facilities for picnicking.
Covering an area of 150,000 hectares, it is the country's largest national park and makes up most of the southern part of the country.
The park is located on an 8 km long crescentic sand spit extending into Lake Erie.
Talcott Mountain State Park is a 574-acre Connecticut state park located primarily in the town of Simsbury.
The area was declared a forest reserve in 1967 known as the Pan-as Falls–Hayiban Watershed Forest Reserve with a total area of 7,832 hectares.
The Pine Valley Mountains form the Pine Valley Laccolith, one of the largest laccoliths in the United States.
Camping, picnicking, biking, fishing, and hiking are offered.
Ute Lake State Park is a state park in New Mexico, USA, located on the eastern plains.
Eva Bowring maintained ranch operations on her own from Arthur's death in 1944 to her own in 1985.
This nature reserve is located on the southern slopes of the Helderberg mountains.
The Parque Nacional Submarino La Caleta is a national park located approximately 20 kilometres from Santo Domingo, the capital of the Dominican Republic.
"Alfaguara" was the name given to blue whales by Chilean whalers.
Palike officials said the initiative aims at sensitizing the community living around the lake and mobilize their efforts to revive the lake.
Biak-na-Bato National Park is a protected area of the Philippines located almost entirely within Barangay Biak-na-Bato in San Miguel, Bulacan from where it derives its name.
The wildlife sanctuary received its designation on 2 May 1939 and has an area of 142,500 hectares.
Chizarira National Park lies in Northern Zimbabwe.
Crawford State Park is a 49-acre Washington state park located 11 miles north of Metaline on the Canada–United States border in Pend Oreille County.
The white peaks and cliffs contrast with the pine and hardwood forests and the boggy lowlands that surround the park's many lakes.
There are four wilderness areas within the forest, protecting more than half of the managed land area from development.
The terrain is characterized by mountain plains, lakes, forested valleys, marshes, and a few mountain peaks.
It was established in 1978 to protect the nesting areas of bald eagles.
It is located primarily in Ravalli County, Montana, but also has acreage in Idaho County, Idaho, and Missoula County, Montana.
There is a ban on traffic from 9 pm to 6 am of dusk to dawn to help bring down the death rate of wildlife.
Easy road access only came in 1962 with the construction of State Route 24 through the Fremont River Canyon.
The Welcome Creek Wilderness is located in the U.S. state of Montana.
The Gensburg-Markham Prairie, also known as Markham Prairie, is a 105.6-acre high-quality tallgrass prairie located in Markham in the Chicago metropolitan area.
Cerro El Morado dominates the landscape of this protected area.
Masurian Landscape Park is a designated Polish Landscape Park protected area within Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.
It was established in 2005 when Finland's oldest national park, Pyhätunturi National Park was joined to Luosto.
The Lake Mattamuskeet Pump Station, also known as Mattamuskeet Lodge, was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
The Headquarters Office for Savannah Coastal Refuges Complex is located in Savannah, Georgia.
It is managed by the Massachusetts Department of Conservation and Recreation.
In the same year it was included in the cross-border Pyrénées - Mont Perdu World Heritage Site.
Taki Renzan Prefectural Natural Park is a Prefectural Natural Park in eastern Hyōgo Prefecture, Japan.
The park was created in 2000 and has a total area of 224.7 km².
The visitor center features an archaeology display of items found in the area.
The Mandelia Faunal Reserve in Chad was declared a reserve in 1969 covering an area of 1380 km2
The Lochinvar National Park lies south west of Lusaka in Zambia, on the south side of the Kafue River.
Shumarinai Prefectural Natural Park is a Prefectural Natural Park in northern Hokkaidō, Japan.
The state park is managed by the Massachusetts Department of Conservation and Recreation under a lease agreement with the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers.
These islands are protected from human disturbance, yet are close to abundant ocean food sources.
It was first established as a National Wildlife Refuge in 1912, and officially designated as Wilderness in 1970 by the United States Congress.
Lawachara National Park covers approximately 1,250 ha of semi-evergreen forests Biome and mixed deciduous forests Biome.
The state park lies adjacent to the southwest corner of the much larger Turtle Mountain Provincial Park in Manitoba.
The park is managed by the Los Angeles County Department of Parks and Recreation.
The park offers picnic areas, camping sites, and chalets.
The centerpiece of the park is Willow Falls, a powerful cascade in a 200-foot deep gorge.
Myre-Big Island State Park is a state park of Minnesota, USA, just outside the city of Albert Lea.
In 2015, the oil company ConocoPhillips agreed to move trails at its own expense to skirt hikers and riders around well sites.
Grand Portage State Park is a state park at the northeastern tip of Minnesota, USA, on the Canada–United States border.
Other writers have proposed pseudo-archaeological and New Age associations.
500-foot-high bluffs dotted with prehistoric Indian mounds look out over the river valleys.
The wilderness has both Pine Mountain and Rich Mountain which are two long mountain ridges that rise to over 2,600 feet above sea level.
By resting in undisturbed areas on the refuges, wintering geese regain energy reserves required for migration and nesting.
At the town of Randers, the first bridge crosses the fjord, at the point where it becomes the river Gudenåen.
Jemez National Recreation Area was established in 1993 by Public Law 103-104.
Several archaeological sites in the refuge are on the National Register of Historic Places.
The Kalmiopsis Wilderness was named for Kalmiopsis leachiana, a slow-growing plant related to the rhododendron, which was discovered in the area in 1930.
Little Beskids Landscape Park is a protected area in southern Poland, established in 1998, covering an area of 257.7 square kilometres.
The Tonda Wildlife Management Area is a wetland of international importance and the largest protected area in Papua New Guinea.
Shawnee State Forest, also known as "Ohio's Little Smokies", is a state forest in the U.S. state of Ohio.
It is located about 20 miles west of downtown Santa Barbara.
It is the only National Grassland in the tallgrass prairie region of the U.S.
The upper part of the former settlement can be reached from its north and south side.
The park opened in 1927 with 15 campsites and has since been expanded to 400 campsites, one of the largest in the state park system.
The adjacent Sea Rocks area is owned by the town of Rockport and is also open to the public.
Dachigam National Park is located 22 kilometers from Srinagar, Jammu and Kashmir.
Is the main dwelling of Mari, a figure of Basque mythology.
The park protects 20,920 acres, located between the interstates I−15 and I−40, and northwest of the Colorado River.
The Wasatch National Forest portion is located in northeastern Utah and southwestern Wyoming.
The wilderness area was created in 1990 and is administered by the Bureau of Land Management.
Virginia's most popular state park, it's visited by over a million people each year.
Most of the park is unserviced wilderness with very rough trails such as the Fools Gold Trail in the Boise Valley.
It is also currently the most northerly known native habitat of the Sabal minor palm.
Viidumäre nature reserve consists mostly of pine- and oak-forest, complemented with meadows, bogs and traditionally utilised wooded meadows.
This facility is currently in the planning stage with a portion of the construction funds already secured.
The reserve is found at the end of a rutted track that leads through a dusty unlicensed village.
Wilderness areas within National Forests and Bureau of Land Management areas also allow hunting in season.
About two thirds of the wilderness is contained within the Kaibab National Forest.
Its area consist of 11.97,29 ha and belongs to Rahovec and Klina municipalities.
The nearest towns are Carp Lake and Mackinaw City.
Rusizi Nature Reserve is a nature reserve in Burundi, next to the Rusizi River.
The lake was named in memory of L. Carlton Anderson, a local citizen who promoted the park and was an important civic and conservation leader.
On an area of 35.82 ha the reserve protects a well-preserved bog spruce forest with typical fauna and flora.
As of 2010, 6,149 acres are owned by the U.S.
It surrounds Benbow Lake, a reservoir on the South Fork Eel River.
The reservoir is nearly 17 miles long and features 69 miles of shoreline and 10,000 acres of water when full.
It was at one time a harbor defense installation for the protection of nearby Bremerton, then a fuel supply depot and Navy fire-fighting station.
It is located to the north and east of the main belt of the Kawartha lakes primarily in the township of North Kawartha.
The NBR is one of the oldest National Wildlife Refuges in the United States.
It is located west of the city of Stockton in Rooks County.
The state park was founded in 1938 and is named for an ancient 885 foot long rock wall located on the peak.
Crescent Beach State Park is state-operated, public recreation area on the Atlantic Ocean in Cape Elizabeth, Maine, United States.
Local people call it as Lebak lebung.
Trumpeter swans, bald eagles, hawks, and falcons inhabit the wilderness, especially near lakes and streams.
It is located in northwestern Pope County and southwestern Saline County, Illinois.
With six colleges, the university offers 64 bachelor's degrees, 32 master's degrees, and 7 teaching credentials.
It is administered as part of the Chassahowitzka National Wildlife Refuge Complex.
Other winter activities at the park include cross-country skiing, snowshoeing and tubing.
Surrounding cropland is managed cooperatively to provide cover for waterfowl and upland game birds.
The Battle of Lexington State Historic Site is state-owned property located in the city of Lexington, Missouri.
Since 1992, the "Corporation de développement de la rivière Madeleine" administers this salmon ZEC.
Dead Timber State Recreation Area is a small and largely undeveloped state park.
It has been owned by the Oklahoma Department of Wildlife Conservation since 1918.
Corona del Mar State Beach is a protected beach in the state park system of California, United States.
It was established in 1961 through Proclamation No.
It is separated from the Greek island of Samos by a very narrow strait, known as the Mycale Strait.
Katmai protects this volcanic "laboratory" and, equally important, large numbers of brown bears.
Kettletown State Park is a state park in the town of Southbury, Connecticut, on the eastern shore of the Housatonic River's Lake Zoar.
Mount Mitchell State Park is a 1,996-acre North Carolina state park in Yancey County, North Carolina in the United States.
The park is a "non-operating" park, meaning no fees are charged and no staff is present with only few services offered.
It is part of the EU-wide Natura 2000-network and parts of the wetland areas are designated Ramsar sites.
The park also protects specific species of deer whose antlers are believed to have medicinal properties.
It is adjacent to the Carpathian National Nature Park.
Water levels of the flood control reservoir are maintained by the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers.
The plant communities are mostly associated to the steppe type.
It was established in 1975 to protect bottomland hardwoods and provide wintering habitat for migratory waterfowl.
It was established in 1968, and covers 1000 km².
Ordinarily, the reference to Pench is mostly always to the tiger reserve in Madhya Pradesh.
The Wilderness is managed by the United States Forest Service and is part of the National Wilderness Preservation System.
Great Plains State Park is a 487-acre Oklahoma state park located in Kiowa County, Oklahoma.
Some 250 species of plants constitute its flora.
Young Conservation Area is open daily from sunrise to one half-hour after sunset.
The Park is shared between two voivodeships: Lubusz and West Pomeranian.
Tug Fork Wildlife Management Area is located about 10 miles northwest of Welch, West Virginia in McDowell County.
This trail includes the Rimstone Dams, which create pools along the stream bed, and the Ghost Room with its huge white flowstone.
The Wilderness protects high-elevation lands along Laurel Fork and is bordered by Middle Mountain to the west.
The Apuseni Natural Park is a protected area situated in Romania, in the administrative territory of counties Alba, Bihor and Cluj.
There are local ranger district offices located in Cordesville.
It is a disused quarry in the Horden district of Peterlee, adjacent to the site of the medieval village of Yoden.
Over 380,000 acres are designated wilderness which include seven major mountain peaks.
Gryżyna Landscape Park is a protected area in western Poland, established in 1996, covering an area of 27.55 square kilometres.
The Park will also be featured on the Washington Quarter in 2019, as a part of the America the Beautiful Quarters Series.
The Refuge lands were privately owned, and no hunting was allowed.
The lake is ringed by a large, open sphagnum bog mat.
The first management plan was written for the period 1893–98.
It is located in the Klamath Basin near Klamath Falls, Oregon.
The park lies immediately adjacent to Gouldsboro State Park, Pennsylvania State Game Lands 312, and State Game Land 127.
As of 2005, a wildlife driving tour is under construction and several boardwalks and observation towers offer views of refuge wildlife and habitat.
Wildlife found in the refuge include numerous songbirds, bald eagles, elk, black bears, timber wolves, cougars, moose, beavers, and white-tailed deer.
The reserve is open from mid-March until mid-October.
Asessippi Provincial Park and Duck Mountain Provincial Forest also border the Biosphere Reserve.
It is part of Gaplaňgyr Nature Reserve.
They are used as temporary refuges by fishermen during fishing season.
The coastal waters and wetlands are important feeding grounds for several varieties of migratory waterfowl and shorebirds.
The park has areas of native prairie restoration, a sledding hill and a seven-mile equestrian trail.
It represents the natural landscape of and is named after the historic Kashubian culture that existed in this region.
Much of the property is marshy, and there is also a sea-level fen on the island.
Rampart Reservoir, a large artificial body of water, is located within the forest.
Indian Wild Ass Sanctuary also known as the Wild Ass Wildlife Sanctuary is located in the Little Rann of Kutch in the Gujarat state of India.
Together with The Kaloe Castle Ruin the Veteran-Rallies are two main attractions in the area.
Glendalough was officially declared a state park with a celebration on Earth Day, April 22, 1992.
The term cache originally referred to fur trappers, the first Europeans to visit the land.
Much of the fighting, in fact, took place on the banks of Mill Creek, which runs through the center of town.
U.S. Wilderness Areas do not allow motorized or mechanized vehicles, including bicycles.
The sanctuary plays host to a small populations of Musk deer, Himalayan tahr, and pheasants.
Navassa is home to four endemic lizard species.
The most common larger mammal is the endemic purple-faced langur.
It gets its name from the two erect earlike tufts of feathers on its head, behind the eyes).
It covers an area of 340 km2.
Natural asphalt has seeped up from the ground in this area for tens of thousands of years.
It is believed to have been built by the Weedon Island Culture, Native Americans who lived in North Florida.
It is located in Alger County, Michigan.
The park features mature pine forests surrounding 17 campsites, a group use area, vault toilets, grills/fire rings, picnic tables and firewood.
There are eleven refuge units strung along 70 miles of the Minnesota River.
The area is good for hunting deer, turkey, and doves.
Rockhounding, hunting, and dayhiking are in the wilderness.
It is the largest single area of preserved land in the southern part of the province.
Along the ridge of Black Fork Mountain are several thousand acres of stunted old-growth Post Oak, Shortleaf Pine, and Hickory.
It is located about 8 km kilometres northeast of Phrae town in Mueang Phrae District, Phrae Province.
Around 100 people can be seen digging gold in the area in the summer on 40 claims.
Water quality sampling from the lakes shows the highest acid rain deposition of any mountain chain in the Rockies.
It is within San Joaquin County and Stanislaus County
Access is restricted, except for the public footpaths that cross the site.
Na Yung–Nam Som National Park is a national park in Nam Som District, Udon Thani Province, Thailand.
The park is spread over 4,929 hectares, two-thirds of which cover the sea.
Roblería del Cobre de Loncha National Reserve is a national reserve of Chile.
Montgomery Bell State Park is a Tennessee state park in Burns, Tennessee, United States.
The bog is a refuge and habitat for several species of plantlife and wildlife.
Lac du Bois is a protected area north of Kamloops, British Columbia, Canada.
