Among Russian subway systems, it has the largest number of stations after the metro of Moscow and St. Petersburg.
The Helsinki system is one of the oldest electrified tram networks in the world.
The Ohio Electric Railway was an interurban railroad formed in 1907 with the consolidation of 14 smaller interurban railways.
Delano Area Rapid Transit is the operator of mass transportation in Delano, California.
It ran from Layton, Pennsylvania, crossed the Youghiogheny River on a bridge, then passed through a tunnel to continue to Perryopolis, Pennsylvania.
The Dresden S-Bahn is a network of S-Bahn-type commuter train services in Dresden and the surrounding area.
RTA serves Cook, DuPage, Kane, Lake, McHenry and Will counties.
The 439 Express Pie-IX is a bus route in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.
The Potomac Eagle Scenic Railroad is a heritage railroad based in Romney, West Virginia.
The Bologna metropolitan railway service will be a commuter railway service around the Italian city of Bologna.
The bus system has been in operation since 1928.
The Turkestan–Siberian Railway is a 1,520 mm broad gauge railway that connects Central Asia with Siberia.
Service is provide by 24 three-section articulated vehicles, guided by a central non-supporting rail.
The Metro operates seven days a week and 365 days a year: Monday-Saturday 05:00-22:00 and on Sunday and holidays 07:00-22:00.
The company incorporated on June 17, 1864 at a meeting of Howell businessmen in New Hudson, though articles were not filed until September 21.
The system is operated by the Light Rail Transit Authority, a government-owned and controlled corporation under the authority of the Department of Transportation and Communications.
RailTex consolidated its holdings in the area into the Georgia Southwestern in 1995, and the Georgia & Alabama ceased to operate under that name.
This idea, known as the Karlsruhe model or tram-train, has been adapted by other European cities.
This tramway comprises just one tramline, called Line A, that serves 34 stations and runs on 15.7 kilometres of double track length.
This article is part of the history of rail transport by country series
Most bus routes serve the suburban areas of the city, and are integrated with the subway system, and several run into downtown.
The Metrô was inaugurated on March 5, 1979 and consisted of five stations operating on a single line.
Passenger services today are operated by Metro Trains Melbourne in suburban Melbourne with electric multiple units, and V/Line in regional Victoria with diesel trains.
The diatomite was converted into kieselguhr which was mixed with nitroglycerine by Nobel Industries, at Ardeer, to make dynamite.
The Big South Fork Scenic Railway is a heritage railroad in Stearns, Kentucky.
The Greater Cleveland Regional Transit Authority is the public transit agency for Cleveland, Ohio, United States and the surrounding suburbs of Cuyahoga County.
Almost all lines are operated by the Régie Autonome des Transports Parisiens, which also operates the Paris Métro and most bus services in the Paris area.
if there are flaws in the main system, the second is immediately started.
In 1898 the South Haven & Eastern converted the T&SH's lines, including the Paw Paw–Lawton segment, back to 4 ft 8 1⁄2 in standard gauge.
From the Colorado River the railway went northeast through Milltown and terminated at the Leland Mine, Vivian Mine and the Midnight Mine.
The Capital City Street Railway, also known as the Lightning Route, was the first citywide system of streetcars established in Montgomery, Alabama, on April 15, 1886.
Circulator service in Glendale is operated by the city of Glendale directly, and the Scottsdale Trolley circulators are contracted by the city of Scottsdale.
Cincinnati, Walnut Hills, Avondale and Pleasant Ridge Street Railway 1874-1880 - merged with CSR
The section from Stavanger to Sandnes is double track, while the rest is single track.
The second sale, on June 2, raised $20,000, but this too was set aside; the final sale, to William Rogers on Aug. 19, was for $20,002.
It is operated by the Maryland Transit Administration.
Bilbobus has recently won a European Union prize for service excellence.
Salt Spring Island Transit System provides public bus service on Salt Spring Island, British Columbia.
The system is operated by Motivate in a partnership with the Metropolitan Transportation Commission and the Bay Area Air Quality Management District.
In 1888, Hogg purchased the Ocean liner Caracas from the Red D Line to replace the Yaquina City.
The power output is supplied by 750 volt direct current through third rail.
The Huntsville Hospital Tram System is an automated people mover system located as part of the Huntsville Hospital System complex in Huntsville, Alabama, United States.
The scheme encompasses 4,650 bicycles and 280 stations.
The Athabasca Northern Railway was a shortline railway in Alberta Canada.
Locals believed that Portland based companies had sabotaged both of Hogg's vessels to ensure no business was taken away from them.
The company operates 4,980 km of railways and over 345 railway stations throughout the country.
Line 3 started after months of delay on November 8, 2016.
The bridge from the works survived, as a footbridge, until 1939 but was apparently little used by locomotives after 1920.
Service began on 9 November 2015 for the second line.
The railroad was converted to 4 ft 8 1⁄2 in standard gauge in 1926.
Egged provides about 55% of Israel's public transport services, employs 6,227 workers and operates a fleet of 2,861 buses.
The McCloud Railway was a class III railroad operated around Mount Shasta, California.
There are 2,918 km of rail tracks out of which 72% or 2,117 km are single track and 28% or 815 km are double tracks.
Eventually the system will be rebuilt into a elevated metro network and be integrated with the Xiamen Metro.
Geldards Coaches was a privately owned company bus company operating services around Leeds, West Yorkshire.
Metro Busway routes are designed to mimic the Metro Rail services, in both the vehicle's design and their operation.
The remainder of the line continued as a horse-drawn tramway, and operated as such until the mid-1940s.
A logo depicting a sun and a wave with the slogan 'Ride the Wave' was introduced as the contest winner.
The system is formally known as the Elevated Train in Commemoration of HM the King's 6th Cycle Birthday.
37.8 million passenger journeys were made on the system during 2016/17.
In April 1907, the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania bought its land, establishing the McClure Division of Tuscarora State Forest.
First Chairman and CEO of the merged company became Kostas Vassiliadis, a former Chief Engineer and later CEO of Athens-Piraeus Electric Railways.
The system is also an airport rail link to Oslo Airport, Gardermoen.
Currently, 6 km of the old track is used as cycling/walking tracks, while the remainder of the old line is on private property.
A full system will be operational 2021 or later.
The cable cars are listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
It is the eighth-largest rapid transit system in the United States by ridership.
The metro was the third system constructed in Ukraine, after the Kiev and Kharkiv metro systems, respectively, when it opened on December 29, 1995.
Velobike is a bicycle sharing system run by the city of Moscow, Russia.
The Chennai Mass Rapid Transit System, a state-owned subsidiary of Indian Railways, is a metropolitan elevated railway line operated by Southern Railways.
The Columbia and Silver Creek Railroad was a shortline railroad formerly operating between a connection with the Illinois Central at Silver Creek to Columbia, 28.7 miles.
The Stadtbahn opened on 29 September 1975, gradually replacing the city's tramway network over the course of the following 25 years.
The 406 Express Newman is a bus route in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.
The railway was built in 1937 to shuttle workers at the Sümerbank factory to the Nazilli railway station.
The line was leased to the Rochester Railway Company in 1902 and later merged into New York State Railways in 1909.
Built in 1908, the line ran 12 miles from Carlisle to Newville.
The attacks, which killed 191 people in Santa Eugenia, El Pozo and Atocha stations, were the bloodiest terrorist actions in Spain to date.
The railway was opened along with the Sümerbank factory itself.
The network is run by Stadtwerken Erfurter Verkehrsbetriebe AG.
In 2003 the name "Subway" was officially readopted by its operator, the Strathclyde Partnership for Transport.
The Wilmington and Carolina Railroad was a South Carolina railroad company formed in January 1870 when the Wilmington and Manchester Railroad was reorganized.
The Cumberland Railway was an interurban trolley system of the early 20th century in central Pennsylvania.
In 1962 he purchased Pixie, a W.G.
Furthermore, while most lines use conventional steel-wheel rolling stock, two lines use rubber-tired trams.
Mi Teleférico, also known as Teleférico La Paz–El Alto, is an aerial cable car urban transit system serving the La Paz–El Alto metropolitan area in Bolivia.
The Roma–Giardinetti line, although designated as a railway, is actually a narrow-gauge tram line while the Roma–Nord line is a suburban railway.
Full name — "Open Joint Stock Company Russian Railways" with headquarters in Moscow at Novaya Basmannaya str., 2.
CMRL was recognised by the International Association of Public Transport in 2011.
On 22 March 2016, Maelbeek metro station was bombed, killing about 20 people and injuring 106.
SWR's route map includes all the railroads in the Kiev, Zhytomyr, Chernihiv, Vinnytsia, Khmelnytskyi and Sumy oblasts.
While metro rail has the capacity to carry 45,000 passengers per direction, monorail can manage just about 10,000.
Edaville Railroad is a heritage railroad in South Carver, Massachusetts, opened in 1947.
The Navi Mumbai Metro is a rapid transit system under construction in the Indian city of Navi Mumbai, Maharashtra.
An extension to Zhongli Station is under construction, scheduled for completion by June 2018.
There is a transit link between Wasaga Beach and Collingwood that operates on a continuous loop.
The Line 1 was known for many names such as LRT Line 1, shortened to LRT-1, Yellow Line, Green Line, or the Metrorail.
In 2013, new Stadler FLIRT units were taken into traffic, and the Asker Line was completed just before.
The railroad transports mainly food and agricultural commodities, as well as stone products.
The L&E consisted of lines from Louisville to Shelbyville and La Grange.
The logo of this largest Serbian bus company is written either in Cyrillic or in Latin script.
The tramway operates as one northern route with two southern branches to Saint-Étienne-du-Rouvray and Le Grand-Quevilly.
The Ljubljana Castle Funicular is a funicular railway in Ljubljana, the capital of Slovenia.
in 2015 Trans Sarbagita launched two new routes, Tabanan-Mengwi-Bandara and Mahendradata-Sanur-Lebih.
The line ran south from the interchange at East Waterford and the mills along Horse Valley Road, following the road through Waterford Gap in Tuscarora Mountain.
Most of its lines came under the control of Japanese Government Railways following nationalization in 1906, and many are now operated by East Japan Railway Company.
Neither runs on tracks, both having pneumatic tires.
As of 2005, there were 6315.9 km of railtrack and 403 railway stations.
It existed solely for entertainment, not transportation, as it had only one station.
It opened in 1874, reaching Cromer three years later, and remains mostly operational.
The headquarters of the Azerbaijan Railways is in the capital Baku.
The issues of stock by the Atlantic and East Carolina were authorized by the ICC.
Lowestoft Corporation Tramways was the operator of the electric tramway system that served Lowestoft from 22 July 1903 until 8 May 1931.
Their railcar rode into the factory on the shuttle line.
The line operates on streets in urban areas, and reopened conventional rail tracks that link the towns and cities.
Hazaribagh Town railway station belongs to East Central Railway of Dhanbad division.
The property eventually became part of Southern Railway Company on July 7, 1894, through its acquisition of the East Tennessee, Virginia and Georgia Railway Company.
Currently there are two separate light rail lines distant from each other; the third line already announced as a firm urban planning decision.
The property eventually became part of Southern Railway Company on July 7, 1894, through its acquisition of the East Tennessee, Virginia and Georgia Railway Company.
Atlantic and North Carolina Railroad Company was built by divisions, largely, if not wholly, under contract, at various times prior to the summer of 1858.
The consolidation agreement was ratified by the Georgia General Assembly on December 13, 1866 and by the Alabama Legislature on February 8, 1867.
The railroad is currently owned by OmniTrax.
The Metromover serves primarily as an alternative way to travel within the greater Downtown Miami neighborhoods.
The heavy rail elevated and subway system connects San Francisco with cities in Alameda, Contra Costa, and San Mateo counties.
Kunming Rail Transit, or Kunming Metro, is a rapid transit system in Kunming, the capital of Yunnan Province.
The cost per km will be 182 crores and total cost is 15,000 crores.
A Bus Rapid Transit System was approved for the city under the JNNURM.
It is also linked to Pie-IX Station of the Montreal Metro's green line.
Union Station in Seattle has served as the agency's headquarters since its renovation in 1999.
The Aargau S-Bahn is an S-Bahn-style regional rail network serving the canton of Aargau, Switzerland.
County Transportation Company was sold off to private interests in 1957, and its operations were absorbed by Westchester County's Bee-Line Bus System in 1978.
The Companhia do Metropolitano de São Paulo was founded on April 24, 1968.
Today, parts of the right-of-way are used for light rail, rail trails and roads.
Currently, the system consists of 13 lines.
On December 26, 1873, the railroad line was sold to W. P. Elliott, who operated the line until September 13, 1877.
The system has expanded since then in a series of fits and starts.
Contracts have been awarded for the segment from Madera to Wasco, and construction is underway on several bridges.
Partial commercial operation of Line 1 from Transport Nagar to Lucknow Charbagh Railway Station a distance of 8.5 km is expected by August 2017.
Service is primarily by bus, although a special Metro County Connect Access service is available for riders with disabilities who cannot board regular buses.
The Port Chester Street Railroad opened in 1898 serving Port Chester, New York.
The current length of the Metro, with the sections of the two lines open as of August 2013, is 27.35 kilometres.
In 2016-17, 324.7 million passenger journeys were made on the network.
It is run in public-private partnership between Bhubaneswar-Puri Transport Service Limited and Dream Team Sahara under JNNURM scheme.
It has been the pioneer smart bicycle sharing system, previous systems being more ad hoc and run similar to a charity.
All Transjakarta services operate from 05.00 to 23.00 from Sunday to Thursday, while Friday and Saturday up to 24.00.
There are currently three lines in operation.
Cahaba, Marion and Greensboro Railroad Company was incorporated under act of Alabama on February 9, 1850, as The Marion and Alabama River Transportation Company.
The Istanbul nostalgic tramways are two heritage tramlines in the city of Istanbul, Turkey.
Travel Express is a bus company based in Wolverhampton, West Midlands, England.
The Isle of Axholme Light Railway was started in 1899, but only the section from Reedness Junction to Crowle was complete at the takeover.
The route and rolling stock of the Orient Express changed many times.
The railway closed on 3 November 1961.
The Cairo Metro is the rapid transit system in Greater Cairo, Egypt.
At the end of 2016 a new company was formed to operate the railway and Penrhyn Rail Ltd  has operated regular services since February 2017.
It operates two round trips a day, one in the morning and one in the afternoon.
The metro network merged in 2011 when the Greek government created the Urban Rail Transport Company, a subsidiary of the Athens Urban Transport Organisation.
Buses are comparatively rare in the city centre as a large streetcar system serves the urban core.
Line 1 begun construction on 1 June 2012 and was opened on December 26, 2016.
The 16 kilometres route has twelve stations in the centre of the road that give at grade access to the right hand side of the buses.
Considerable grading and some track construction took place on the Danbury line, but no evidence of construction on the Ossining line could be found.
To assist the elderly and disabled, many routes have low-floor buses.
In late 2014, after selecting the routing, the state began studying the cost, estimated to be up to $4 billion.
This railroad pioneered the use of large 2 ft gauge rolling stock in North America.
The company's branding takes the Basque language name for the city, Bilbo.
It was opened to public service on November 3, 2006.
The Zug Stadtbahn is an S-Bahn-style commuter rail network centred on Zug, Switzerland.
Capital Bikeshare is a bicycle sharing system that serves Washington, D.C.; Arlington County, Virginia; the city of Alexandria, Virginia; Montgomery County, Maryland and Fairfax County, Virginia.
This zone is the key enabler of the Delhi Mumbai Industrial Corridor Project by virtue of running railways 1,500 km long Western Dedicated Freight Corridor.
In March 2017 the Bangkok Governor announced the service would continue, with increased ticket prices.
Goods for transfer between the works and the station had to be manhandled between the tramway and the station platform via the footbridge steps.
The company was sold in foreclosure on May 1, 1871 and conveyed to The Alabama Central Railroad Company.
The service is owned by the city council of Bilbao.
Metro Transit drivers and vehicle maintenance personnel are organized through the Amalgamated Transit Union.
Never financially healthy, the company went bankrupt in 1921 and was dissolved into its constituent companies.
Construction started in May 2014, trial running in 26 December 2015, and finally start trial operations on 6 May 2016.
Route U is not part of the Dumbarton Express system.
The centre of the estate was Ardkinglas Castle until this was replaced by a new house in the 18th century.
The headquarters of the division are located at Vijayawada.
The Chennai Metro Rail Limited, a joint venture between Government of India and the Government of Tamil Nadu builds and operates Chennai Metro.
It is the fastest commercial high-speed electric train in the world.
Hogg's contract with the government stated however, that if he could establish railroad service over the Cascade Mountains, he could receive a massive land grant.
130-crore AB Road pilot corridor runs along 11.7 km and will cater to around 70,000 passengers daily.
The Brescia Metro is a rapid transit network serving Brescia, Lombardy, Italy.
Free rides for people have started from 26 January 2014 for 1 month, then the fares would be levied and the bus numbers would be increased.
Beijing Subway's extensive expansion plans call for 999 km of lines serving a projected 18.5 million trips every day by 2020.
It is the first commercial zoo in northern Thailand, established on 16 June 1977.
The administrative region of Águas Claras is well-served by the system, making it one of the fastest-growing areas of the Federal District and the most dense.
Two years later, the first suburban tram lines started – the Pabianice and Zgierz lubes.
It serves the Plaza Mexico shopping center at the Long Beach Boulevard station in the city of Lynwood.
The incline was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1973 and was designated a Historic Mechanical Engineering Landmark in 1994.
The first phase of Line 1 started construction on June 2009 and start to service the public in May 30, 2014.
The tramway is operated by Zakład Komunikacji Miejskiej sp.
The Burlington Junction Railway is a Class III short line railroad which was chartered in 1985.
The system will initially consist of 2 lines, with 4 others proposed.
It was postponed indefinitely on 2 August 2007.
The first section includes 18.7 kilometres of route and 32 stops.
Five lines are planned with a total length of 163 km of network.
It began operating in 2012 after acquiring the assets of the Birmingham Southern Railroad.
The railroad was sold to the Canandaigua Electric Light and Railroad which rebuilt and electrified the line in 1892.
It provides funding and directs planning for commuter rail and freeway/expressway projects within Los Angeles County.
The railroad was a link in the attempt of the B&O to serve the Pittsburgh market, and became part of the Wheeling Division of that railroad.
The Okinawa City Monorail, also known as Yui Rail, is a monorail line in Naha, Okinawa, Japan.
Most roads were passable in Winter and Summer but impassable mud troughs in Spring and Fall.
The line opened for public service on 19 April 2015.
Easley to Pickens: 9.9 miles - abandoned and lifted in 2013.
Regardless of the heavy financial loss on the system, RSRTC has been operating about 300 city buses per day.
Finally Metro project is stopped due to high estimated cost
The power output is supplied by 25-kilovolt, 50-hertz alternating current through overhead catenary.
The Saudi Railways Organization is one of two state-owned companies that operates Saudi Arabia's rail network.
The NPBL is owned fifty-seven percent by Norfolk Southern Railway and forty-three percent by CSX Transportation.
A significant increase from 41 routes in 2015.
Its main line from Springfield to East Northfield, Massachusetts, opened in stages between 1845 and 1849.
Fares are generally reasonable, but the low frequency of the intercity trains does not usually make them competitive with other modes of transportation.
The system is proposed to reduce traffic congestion in the city and consists of two corridors in phase-I covering 26.03 km.
The University of Minnesota also operates a campus shuttle system of its own, which ranks second in the state, measured by ridership.
Despite this rebranding, many Glaswegians continued to refer to the network as "the Subway".
The Kharkiv tram is part of the public transport system of the second largest city of Ukraine.
The railroad has four steam locomotives in regular service, as well as several diesel engines.
In November 2011, the Federal Transit Administration, through its TIGGER III Program, awarded $5.7 million to SFRTA for its sustainable stations project.
Ningbo Rail Transit also known as Ningbo Metro is a rapid transit system serving the city of Ningbo, Zhejiang and its suburbs.
Trans Jogja operates from 5:30 AM until 9:30 PM.
It is expected to cost ₹103 billion.
Since 2010 route was extended for 3 more stations Sutla, Laduć and Harmica.
The line was closed in June 1961, before the Beeching Report was published.
George E. Mansfield, of Hazelhurst, Massachusetts, became an early promoter of the two foot gauge after seeing the Ffestiniog Railway in operation in Wales.
The NPBL interchanges with; Chesapeake and Albemarle Railroad, CSX Transportation, Bay Coast Railroad, and Norfolk Southern.
ACE uses Bombardier BiLevel Coaches and MPI F40PH-3C locomotives.
TransJakarta system began operations on January 25, 2004.
The system is mostly underground, with the deepest section 84 metres underground at the Park Pobedy station, one of the world's deepest.
In 1900, the SECR absorbed the C&PWR.
The MBTA is the largest consumer of electricity in Massachusetts, and the second-largest land owner.
Testing on the line began in summer 2014 with passenger service beginning as scheduled on December 30, 2014.
Metro-North also provides local rail service within New York City at a reduced fare.
The total length was less than 8 miles.
Another major section of underground suburban railway line in Glasgow is the Argyle Line, which was formerly part of the Glasgow Central Railway.
Chintamani is one of the well planned and developed Towns in the District of Kolar and presently Chikkaballapur.
It covers the northern districts of Andhra Pradesh, parts of Chhattisgarh, Orissa.
It had been scheduled to open in spring 2014, but was delayed to September 6, 2015.
The Southern Heights Light Railway was to have been a railway between Orpington, Kent and Sanderstead, Surrey.
City officials announced in May 2017 plans to shut down the monorail and replace it with a new tram line.
Miller and his associates in 1888 to serve their mining enterprises in the Black Hills.
Another mass transit service that is not operated by the MTA, the Roosevelt Island Tramway, does allow free transfers to the MTA and bus systems, however.
Of the system's 25 services, 22 of them pass through Manhattan, the exceptions being the G train, the Franklin Avenue Shuttle, and the Rockaway Park Shuttle.
Rhônexpress is an express tram/express train line which links central Lyon, France, with its airport, Lyon-Saint Exupéry Airport, and the TGV train station located there.
When the Caledonian Railway advanced on Glasgow, the Glasgow, Garnkirk and Coatbridge provided a ready-made access route, and the Caledonian company purchased the Garnkirk line.
There is also an inner city loop for the part of line 2, which connects the main railway station with the city centre.
In 1987, Grenoble became the second French city to reintroduce trams, the first being the Nantes tramway.
The Hannover S-Bahn is an S-Bahn network operated by S-Bahn Hannover GmbH in the area of Hannover in the German state capital of Lower Saxony.
It is operated by the Société de transport de Montréal.
The Soviet Railways were the largest unified railway in the world and the backbone of the USSR's economy.
Egyptian National Railways is the national railway of Egypt and managed by the parastatal Egyptian Railway Authority.
The fourth station, Waterfront, opened on 1 February 2010.
The Riverport Railroad interchanges with the Burlington Northern Santa Fe.
The Tramlink is the fourth-busiest light rail network in the UK behind Manchester Metrolink, Tyne and Wear Metro and the Docklands Light Railway.
This article discusses Myanmar Railways, originally known as Burma Railways.
The Danbury and Bethel Street Railway was a streetcar transit operator serving the greater Danbury, Connecticut area, originally chartered in 1886.
Eurolines Organisation is an international non-profit organisation according to Belgian law.
The system consists of two interurban lines, connecting central Lille to the nearby communities of Roubaix and Tourcoing, and has 36 stations.
The Toronto streetcar system is a network of eleven streetcar routes in Toronto, Ontario, Canada, operated by the Toronto Transit Commission.
So far no progress has been made.
The line became part of the New York Central Railroad system with trackage rights granted to the New York, New Haven and Hartford Railroad into Manhattan.
When the Cornwall Railway reached Truro in 1859, rail travel between Penzance and London was possible, by changing trains.
Henry Flagler, the owner of the Florida East Coast Railway, rejected the high price, instead building his own line to the west.
The railroad operates excursion trains over a former Baltimore and Ohio Railroad line that runs from Green Spring to Petersburg.
A subsidiary of FirstGroup, the company provides services in Canada comparable to those delivered by sister companies First Transit and First Student in the United States.
The Charles City equipment was transferred to Mason City to replace equipment burned in the November 24, 1967 shop fire.
GO Transit carried 69.5 million passengers in 2015, and its ridership continues to grow.
The system presently offers 1,700 bicycles for rent at 190 kiosks in both Minneapolis and St. Paul.
It is the principal public transport network of Cuban capital and is conceived as a surface subway.
Service was discontinued in December 2004 due to low usage and profitability; the custom made coaches are since then deployed in Intercity-Express and Intercity traffic.
The transportation system of Arizona comprises rail, air, bus, car and bicycle transport.
It proved to be unprofitable once the Buffalo, Rochester, and Pittsburgh Railway was completed in 1883 and the tracks were pulled up in 1886.
Bike availability can be checked in real-time via smartphone or an online map.
Incorporated in 1852, the railroad began operation in 1856 and was taken over by the Delaware, Lackawanna and Western Railroad in 1873.
This town was served by the narrow gauge Tuscarora Valley Railroad, which provided an outlet for finished lumber from the mills.
In 2006, the local KCR passenger train network recorded an annual ridership of 544 million.
Much of the route now parallels U.S. Route 95 Alternate, U.S. Route 95, Nevada State Route 360 and U.S. Route 6
In 1867, the company constructed 2 miles of railroad line between Holston River, Tennessee and Rogersville, Tennessee.
In 2016, it had an annual ridership of 117 million.
The new operation encompasses the Arnaud Railway, Bloom Lake Railway, and Wabush Lake Railway.
Passenger service began on July 4, 1897.
The operator of the system was originally named Trolmérida, but in August 2009 its name was changed to Tromerca, for Trolebús Mérida, C.A.
TP&W has trackage rights between Galesburg, Illinois, and Peoria, between Logansport and Kokomo, Indiana, and between Reynolds, Indiana, and Lafayette, Indiana.
The Al Mashaaer Al Mugaddassah Metro Southern Line, is a metro line in the city of Mecca, Saudi Arabia.
The new owners sold the line's existing stock and in 2000 took delivery of a 5.5-tonne diesel-powered replica tank engine.
And the system was expanded in 2008, 2009 and 2010 now Suzhou BRT operations 5 lines, 106 bus stations within total 95 kilometers journey.
The company is a subsidiary of Genesee & Wyoming, having been acquired when Genesee & Wyoming purchased RailAmerica in 2012.
There were a few narrow gauge railways on the Shetland Islands.
The network is a hybrid suburban-commuter railway with a central underground core that covers over 815 km of track and 178 stations over seven lines.
The metro consists of three lines which operate on 37.6 kilometres of route and serve 30 stations.
As a long gravity railway, only the Summit Hill and Mauch Chunk Railroad pre-dated its beginning of operations.
Following a further receivership in 1932 the New York Railways Corporation converted the line to bus operation.
According to the Comazar website, the government of Cameroon owns the track while the rolling stock is owned by Camrail.
Luas is operated by Transdev, under tender from Transport Infrastructure Ireland.
The section between Bucharest and Ploiești is shared with CFR line 500.
The first operational line started service on May 18, 2016.
The railway hauled ore from the mines near Oatman to the mill at Milltown.
The system provides interchange with the Delhi Metro's Yellow Line at Sikandarpur.
Part of the Metropolitan Transportation Authority, the busiest and largest transit system in North America, the NYCTA has a daily ridership of 7 million trips.
Three-fourths of the capital stock was held by the state of North Carolina and one-fourth was held by private stockholders.
It served Porthcawl, Bridgend, and Tondu in Glamorgan, Wales, along with various branches.
There will be a circle line as well.
Central Station provides direct service to Amtrak inter-city rail services, Tri-Rail commuter rail, Greyhound Lines intercity bus, and the Rental Car Center.
Officially launching its services on 16 March, the bus service was not halted even after the outbreak of the Kargil War.
The revolutionary system proved to have insuperable technical difficulties and was abandoned.
A full service is maintained from 6 a.m. until about 8 p.m., and a somewhat reduced service is run until the late evening.
The Mass Transit Railway is the rapid transit railway system of Hong Kong.
The West Chester & Philadelphia Railroad operated in the greater Philadelphia area from 1848 to 1881.
The Saint Petersburg Metro is the underground railway system in Saint Petersburg and Leningrad Oblast, Russia.
The Lille Metro is a driverless metro located in Lille, France.
The name was unofficial but was in common use in the 1960s, and variations included "Blue Bus lines", "Blue Lines", "blue bus" lines and "blue buses".
The metro was the second in Ukraine and the sixth in the USSR when it opened in 1975.
The Victor Emmanuel Railway was created on 25 May 1853 by decree of Victor Emmanuel II, King of Sardinia.
Originally opened in 1987, the light rail system has gradually expanded since then, and currently has 62 light rail stations in operation on the three lines.
NSW TrainLink services operate throughout New South Wales and extend into the neighbouring states and territories of Victoria, Queensland and the Australian Capital Territory.
The project was approved on 22 September 2013.
Consolidated Thompson Iron Mines opened the Bloom Lake Mine, just west of Labrador City, Newfoundland.
It is operated by the Sacramento Regional Transit District.
An initial attempt, which aimed east of Lawton, resulted in the partial creation of a grade but no track was laid.
The incline was briefly shut down in 1962 when its supply of power from Bethlehem Steel was terminated.
The São Paulo Metrô, commonly called the Metrô, is the main rapid transit system in the city of São Paulo and the largest in Brazil.
In 2012, RailAmerica was purchased by Genesee and Wyoming.
Construction began on the initial 16-station Line 1, Nanjing Metro in 1999, and opened in 2005.
The Sydney light rail network is a light rail system serving the Australian city of Sydney, New South Wales.
Edinburgh Trams is a tramway in Edinburgh, Scotland, operated by Transport for Edinburgh.
In North America, Stagecoach owns the Coach USA and Coach Canada brands.
Its main traffic has always been china clay.
Gothenburg commuter rail or Göteborgs pendeltåg is the commuter rail system associated with Gothenburg, Sweden.
The tracks cross the Hudson River through century-old cast iron tubes that rest on the river bottom under a thin layer of silt.
Muni Metro is the modern incarnation of the traditional streetcar system that had served San Francisco since the late 19th century.
In 2012, the Metro transported 93.9 million passengers, a significant increase on the 85.6 million passengers served in 2011.
Oy Matkahuolto Ab is well known for its long employments, the longest of which have lasted over 50 years.
The Wabash Railroad was a Class I railroad that operated in the mid-central United States.
The underground is part of an integrated transport network that includes trams, buses and a suspension railway at the university.
The Teresina Metro in Teresina, the capital and largest city of the Brazilian state of Piauí, is a diesel commuter rail line operated by CMTP.
The Lucerne S-Bahn is an S-Bahn-style commuter rail network focusing on Lucerne, Switzerland.
It was opened in 1987 as Line 1 from Helwan to Ramsis square with a length of 29 kilometres.
The company discontinued streetcar service in 1942.
A portion of its original line remains in service and is operated by the Copper Basin Railway.
The network presently consists of a single 12.8-kilometre line of 23 stations.
More than 110,000 people, or nearly 10 percent of Dubai’s population, used the Metro in its first two days of operation.
Today the SL is a subsidiary of the Utah Railway and is owned by the Genesee & Wyoming Inc.
The network is undergoing expansion and rolling stock renewal.
These were allowed to pass through East Berlin without stopping at any of the stations, which were closed.
It makes up for more than 60% of the GVH transport association's total traffic, spanning over four cities and two counties.
FTM transports 2 million passengers per year along its 56 km line, including tourists.
The line closed on 21 June 1929.
In 2014, B-Cycle will expand to 68 stations and 600 bikes.
The Oran Metrois an extensive network of rapid transit electrified railway lines that run mostly underground in central Oran and into the city's suburbs.
Namma Metro was the second rail transport system in India to use 750 V DC third rail traction, the first is Kolkata Metro.
The networks except the Olympic Park routes are part of Transport for NSW's Opal ticketing system.
The entire ZVV S-Bahn network went into operation in May 1990, although many of the lines were already in operation.
The line opened on 20 July 2014.
It is the first modern low-floor tramway system service that has been taken out of service.
There are two lines, one connecting Port Elizabeth, Despatch and Uitenhage, and the other connecting East London, Mdantsane and Berlin.
The MGWR served part of Leinster, County Cavan in Ulster and much of Connacht.
South Caucasus Railway is a rail operator in Armenia, owned by Russian Railways.
The O-Train is a light rail transit system in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada.
The AN Railway is one of several shortline railroad companies owned by the Genesee & Wyoming parent company.
At the time, the next nearest rails were the Oregon Central Railroad in St. Joseph, and the Oregon and California Railroad in Albany.
Many stations are named for historical figures, places, or events in Mexican history.
The railway club president and owner of the land was William Arthur Taylor until his death in 2013.
It acquired the line from the bankrupt Gulf, Colorado and San Saba Railway in 2013.
The system is owned and operated by a private company, SCC Nautical Transport Services Incorporated.
Rochester, Nunda and Pennsylvania Railroad was a New York railroad.
Several of the District's streetcar lines were extended into Maryland, and two Virginia lines crossed into the District.
In 2014, TCDD carried 78 million passengers and 26 million tons of freight.
The ANR operated a line running 325 kilometres between Boyle, Alberta and Fort McMurray, Alberta.
At its height during the 1940s, the Key System had over 66 miles of track.
It heads roughly northeast through Shymkent, Taraz, Bishkek to the former Kazakh capital of Almaty.
Designed by Samuel Diescher, the incline was completed in 1877 and is 800 feet long, 400 feet in height, and is inclined at a 30-degree angle.
Egged buses make 25,267 trips every day, transporting about a million passengers over 720,073 km of roads.
The infrastructure of this railroad was of vital importance for the construction of the Panama Canal over a parallel route half a century after it opened.
The Bhubaneswar Monorail was a monorail system proposed for the cities Bhubaneswar and Cuttack, Odisha, India.
In 2014, the Palma Metro carried 1.17 million passengers, which corresponds to an average of 3,208 passengers per day.
The Jokioinen Museum Railway is located in Jokioinen, Finland.
The South Western Railway is one of the 16 railway zones in India.
Connections are made with Pickens Railway at Belton and CSX at Pelzer.
The Sofia public bus system forms part of the public transport network of Sofia, the capital city of Bulgaria.
The Turkish State Railways also owns a number of other rail transport companies in Turkey, such as Marmaray and İZBAN.
Old Town Trolley Tours of St. Augustine is one of the two large tour bus companies in St. Augustine, Florida.
This monorail was the first in Malaysia, and the service began in 1994.
It will also manage the operations control center and a depot for the corridor.
The Ossining Electric Railway was a streetcar transit line that operated in northern Westchester County.
Clark eventually replaced the line with three 4 ft 8 1⁄2 in standard gauge rail lines after building a new smelter and company town in Clarkdale.
NCTD provides 12 million passenger trips per year.
The property eventually became part of Southern Railway Company on July 7, 1894, through its acquisition of the East Tennessee, Virginia and Georgia Railway Company.
Eventually new contractors were found and construction resumed.
The company also operates scheduled service between TCAT and Tokyo Big Sight, and late-night services from Tokyo to Chiba Prefecture.
The Xuzhou Metro is a metro system in Xuzhou, Jiangsu province, China.
DSB was founded in 1885 when the state-owned companies De jysk-fynske Statsbaner and De sjællandske Statsbaner merged.
The Japanese Government Railways was the national railway system directly operated by the central government of Japan until 1949.
These ramps are not used on the Red or Green lines.
In 1980 route-miles had dropped to 678 but ton-miles had ballooned to 7230 million: Powder River coal had arrived.
The privatization would bring private investors to Osaka and could help revive Osaka's economy.
The town purchased the company in 1897 for unpaid taxes and continued operation until 1902 when the Westchester Traction Company took control.
In 1894 it was sold to A.B.
During rush hours train frequency is 10 min.
There are, for example, ICE 1 lines to Basel and Zurich.
Operating out of the former Portland Company Marine Complex, the organization was founded in 1993.
The network is composed of 15 separate services, pictured in the network map below.
In 2006, the system had at least 1,180,000 passengers.
Rail was 60–65 pounds and the maximum load limit was 75 tons.
The line continued to run until 1990 when it was lifted and the remaining stock transferred to other lines
After closure the steam locomotives and carriage went to the Launceston Steam Railway whilst the diesel locomotive went to Alan Keef
Some sources referred to the railroad informally as the Charleston and Hamburg Railroad, a reference to its end points, but that was never its legal name.
It is a state-owned stock company, formed in 1994 to operate railways within Uzbekistan.
The Conecuh Valley Railroad connects with the CSX at Troy, Alabama, and travels 15.04 miles to Goshen, Alabama.
Copenhagen Metro is a 24/7 rapid transit system in Copenhagen, Denmark, serving the municipalities of Copenhagen, Frederiksberg, and Tårnby.
The railway was directly under the control of the Ministry of Railways in the Soviet Union.
Tuvisa is the municipal company responsible for urban transport in the city of Vitoria-Gasteiz, in the north of Spain.
Voters were angry about that law allowed purchasers of private bonds, that paid one third of the cost, to have the trains veer to their towns.
Accordingly, the Quakake Railroad would become part of the Mahanoy Branch of the Lehigh Valley Railroad in northeastern to north-central Pennsylvania.
The scheme is sponsored, with Santander UK being the main sponsor from April 2015.
The Descanso, Alpine and Pacific Railway is a 2 ft narrow gauge heritage railroad located in Alpine, California.
As a result, some streetcar routes are temporarily replaced partly or entirely with buses.
The north track is served by a single car for passport controlled passengers only.
There are five lines; U1, U2, U3, U4 and U6.
The COASTER commuter train runs on 41.1 mi of the mainline.
By the 1880s the area east of Toronto was over-served by a number of short and generally unprofitable lines.
Owner lines and other railroads bring their trains to the Belt Railway to be separated, classified, and re-blocked into new trains for departure.
Most of the railroad's traffic comes from stone products, scrap metal and wood products.
The CFH operates former Hedjaz Railway tracks in Syria.
The organization is wholly owned by the City Hall of Madrid and a member of the Consorcio Regional de Transportes de Madrid.
The Montana Southern Railway, now defunct, was an American 3 ft narrow gauge railroad constructed between Divide, Montana and the mining district of Coolidge, Montana.
EnCicla is a public bicycle renting service in Medellín, Colombia, which began in 2011.
The Rochester and Eastern Rapid Railway was an electric interurban railway connecting Rochester, Canandaigua, and Geneva.
The company brought several more tramcars and reduced the fare prices from 2d to 1d.
The whole 853-metre-long journey takes three minutes.
The Connecticut River Railroad was a railroad located along the Connecticut River in western Massachusetts, formed in 1845 from the merger of two unfinished railroads.
Dr. Ekroop Caur, IAS, is the Managing Director of the BMTC from August 2014.
The Metro carried 64.9 million passengers in 2013, or approximately 177,800 passengers per day.
The SUTP also envisages support for the BRTS through two Traffic Signal Prioritisation and Automatic Fare Collection plans.
It covers 15 districts in Tamil Nadu and has a total route length of 795 km.
The metro system consists of 8 lines with the total length of 318 km.
Szczecin buses are operated by four companies on behalf of the ZDiTM.
The use of E tickets stood until a pay-one-price admission system was introduced in 1982.
Railway line Kuragino - Kyzyl a railway construction project in Tuva, Russia.
It remains the property of the Noble family, and is open to the public on a limited basis.
Upson County Railroad Company was the successor by change of name to the Thomaston and Barnesville Railroad Company.
The State held a statutory lien on the property as security for this debt.
There is also one small self-made steam locomotive, however it is not used since it is not powerful enough.
The Metro uses the rubber-tyred metro technology developed by the RATP Paris transport operator for some lines of the Paris Metro.
Major silver production ended by 1887, although there was a slight revival later.
It also provides the operators and maintenance personnel for the City of Portland-owned Portland Streetcar system.
of the former Ferrocarril Tijuana y Tecate track, which was constructed in 1910 by the San Diego & Arizona Railway from San Diego to El Centro.
Haste Hill became a temporary terminus of the line again in early 2013 owing to major works at Willow Lawn station.
TasRail is a train operator owned by the Government of Tasmania that has operated the mainline railways in Tasmania since September 2009.
A further expansion launched in 1869 pushed the line westward towards Georgian Bay, and prompted renaming as the Midland Railway.
Each of the eight existing trams could take twenty-eight passengers.
The Abbey Light Railway was a 2 ft narrow gauge railway in Kirkstall, Leeds, West Yorkshire, England.
The Ontario Light and Traction Company purchased it in 1900, and leased the line to the Rochester and Eastern Rapid Railway in 1903.
The Visalia Electric used the unusual choice of 15 Hz AC at 3,300 Volts carried by overhead wire, with pantographs on the cars for pickup.
Future expansion plans include three lines set to open within the next few years, with several more awaiting approval to begin construction.
The company's property was operated by Central Railroad and Banking Company of Georgia from that year forward.
It is operated by the Tbilisi Transport Company, which began operation the same year as the Tbilisi Metro, in 1966.
LGV is the track the TGV trains runs on.
It serves an average of 4,491 daily passengers on an average weekday.
NCTD's geographic area is approximately 1,020 square miles, with an approximate population of 842,000 people.
The line is mostly suburb-to-suburb service, so it is the only one in the entire Metro Rail system not to serve Downtown Los Angeles.
Since 1929, services have been operated by BVG, although during the Cold War-era division of the city they operated in West Berlin only.
It has 44,000 employees, 32,500 miles of track in 28 states, and over 8,000 locomotives.
The western branch reached Pyrgos and finally Kyparissia in 1902.
In 2012, the U-Bahn carried 117.3 million passengers, an average of approximately 321,000 passengers per day.
Initially, the streetcar was to run down Sherman Street south of Wealthy Street in Grand Rapids, Michigan.
The Ankara Metro is the rapid transit system serving Ankara, the capital of Turkey.
The system is basically single-track throughout, with passing loops at various points.
Consolidated Thompson was purchased by Cliffs Natural Resources.
First Student Canada is a major contractor of school bus services and public transit systems.
The Huckleberry Railroad is a 3 ft narrow gauge heritage railroad located in Genesee Township, Michigan, near Flint.
Since the Red Lines run roughly along the alignment of the failed Hopewell Project, they have been described as a "Hopewell revival".
Although the track was lifted it was not used for the War Effort as the vessel carrying it was sunk in the English Channel.
In operation since March 26, 2011, it is the largest bike sharing program in Texas and the second largest bike sharing program in the B-Cycle program.
The railway was absorbed by the Newcastle & Berwick Railway in November 1844.
The long-term managing director Jan Heikkilä retired in April 1996 and Graduate Engineer Pekka Hongisto was elected as the new managing director in 1997.
Part of the Edmonton Transit Service, the system has 18 stations on two lines and 24.3 km of track.
The Michigan Interstate Railway was formed on August 27, 1977 to operate the Ann Arbor Railroad from Toledo, Ohio to Elberta, Michigan.
Cabletren Bolivariano is an automated people mover, built by Constructora Norberto Odebrecht and Doppelmayr Cable Car located in Caracas, Venezuela.
It is operated by Metro Istanbul, a public enterprise, controlled by the Istanbul Metropolitan Municipality.
Janmarg, also known as Ahmedabad BRTS, is a bus rapid transit in Ahmedabad, Gujarat, India.
When the DAR was sold by CPR in 1994, the Windsor Branch came under the control of the shortline Windsor and Hantsport Railway.
Emery was listed as the railroad's president, for which present day Emeryville is named.
The East Tennessee and Virginia Railroad was built between 1850 and 1856, connecting Knoxville with Bristol, Tennessee.
The ALAB is headquartered in Monroeville, Alabama and is owned and operated by Pioneer Railcorp of Peoria, Illinois.
The Seboomook Lake and Saint John Railroad was a forest railway built to transfer pulpwood between drainage basins in the Maine North Woods.
The PRT had with three driverless Otis Hovair vehicles which had a hinged-window at each end for emergency exit.
Further, more ambitious plans include lines to Bryggen and St Mary's Church, Nordnes and Bergen Aquarium, and VilVite.
C&A interchanges with both Norfolk Southern Railway, CSX Transportation, and the Norfolk and Portsmouth Belt Line Railroad.
The Disneyland Railroad first opened to the public at Disneyland's grand opening on July 17, 1955.
Hogg originally intended to terminate the line at Seal Rock on the Oregon Coast.
The Kingstown – Dalkey section was operated by atmospheric traction for a short while.
The four BHÉV lines are operated by the public transport company BHÉV Zrt., yet are not part of the Budapest Metro.
2014 saw the network expanded with four extensions, today service comprising seven routes.
AC Transit is constituted as a special district under California law.
The company ran into financial difficulties and closed in 1880, but the line was purchased by the Cornwall Minerals Railway and reopened in 1895.
It is operated by the Shenzhen Metro Group.
The Dhaka Metro is an approved metro rail system under construction in Dhaka, the capital and largest city of Bangladesh.
The network has expanded to 11 lines, and in 2015–16 carried 1.378 billion passengers, making it the world's 11th busiest metro system.
During this same period, the track was converted from 5 ft broad gauge to 3 ft.
The system comprises 93 miles among its four lines — the Red Line, the Blue Line, the Green Line, and the Orange Line.
The Lexington and Ohio Railroad was a shortline railroad formerly operating between a connection with Norfolk Southern at Lexington to Versailles, Kentucky, about 15 miles.
It is the first of five planned lines for the Daejeon Metropolitan Subway.
TAP cards can be purchased at ticket vending machines located at most stations.
It was in operation between September 30, 1911 to some time in 1958.
The railroad was partially abandoned in 1994.
The Delhi Metro is a metro system serving Delhi and its satellite cities of Faridabad, Gurugram, Noida and Ghaziabad in National Capital Region in India.
In 1907 the C&E was sold to the Southern Pacific.
The railroad completed construction of 45.29 miles of 5 ft gauge railroad line between Charlotte, North Carolina and Statesville, North Carolina in 1860.
Prior to 1873 it was known as the Boston, Hartford and Erie Railroad, which had been formed by several smaller railroads dating back to 1846.
Envisioned in the 1960s, construction on the inaugural line first began in 1992.
Line A runs roughly north–south, and Line B roughly east–west.
The total cost of the project is estimated at between $375 million and $400 million US dollars.
The line uses standard gauge and is mostly underground.
It was an early forerunner of the Gorseddau Junction and Portmadoc Railway and subsequently the Welsh Highland Railway.
Addis Ababa Light Rail is a light rail transportation system in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia.
In 2012, Aeroexpress transported 17.4 million passengers.
The UIC Country Code for Serbia is 72.
It opened in 1805 and closed in 1838.
Founded in 1918, its primary operation is coach holiday tours.
The company is investing heavily in Madagascar's rail system.
The prepaid farecard system was put in place about four years before the Optibus system.
The lines are jointly operated by two rapid transit companies, namely the Tianjin Metro Group Co. Ltd and the Binhai Mass Transit Development Co. Ltd.
Kennebec Central rails and car hardware became scrap metal.
However, in 2015, the tramway rails were removed and the streets and side walks became wider.
The Lealt Valley Diatomite Railway was a 2 ft narrow gauge tramway on the Isle of Skye, Scotland, which ran parallel with the River Lealt.
Chintamani is a Taluk Headquarters in the Indian state of Karnataka.
Augusta and Savannah Railroad was incorporated in Georgia by special act of the General Assembly, approved December 31, 1838, as Augusta and Waynesboro Railroad Company.
Transportation in New York is made up of some of the most extensive and one of the oldest transportation infrastructures in the country.
It is operated by the Public Transport Authority.
Beginning at New Germantown, where it connected with the N&SV, it followed the Path Valley grade to Bryner's farm.
The Mississippi Export Railroad is a 42-mile shortline railroad operating in the state of Mississippi from Pascagoula to Evanston.
It is operated by a fleet of Bombardier Flexity Swift M5000s.
ftrmetro Swansea is a bus rapid transit route in Swansea, Wales.
They propose to develop a 39 km east-west line, linking Cibubur, Cawang, Kuningan, Bekasi, and Cawang to central Jakarta.
This 5 ft gauge railroad was first chartered as the Memphis Branch Railroad and Steamboat Company of Georgia in 1839.
Most services commence or terminate at the main Cape Town station in the centre of the city, which has 24 platforms.
It is expected to serve 50,000 passengers per day.
It had major renovations in 1962 and from 1983 to 1984.
The Haxey Junction to Epworth section closed in 1956, the Hatfield Moor Branch closed in 1964, and the remainder closed in 1965.
Line 1 was inaugurated on July 30, 2006.
In the 1990s, a serious proposal intended to build a transitway from Ridgeway Drive at the very western edge of the city.
The quarry owners donated a short length of track and two wagons and the Cadeby Light Railway was opened.
The line reached Corinth in 1885 and Patras in 1887.
The Eaton Hall Railway was an early 15 in gauge minimum gauge estate railway built in 1896 at Eaton Hall in Cheshire.
The Aqaba Railway Corporation is a railway operating in southern Jordan.
The project is estimated to cost 6,769 crore.
The stations are located approximately two blocks away from each other, and connect near all major buildings and places in the Downtown area.
The agency operates both inter-city and local service.
In 2005, in response to exceptional levels of particulates pollution in Klagenfurt the city authorities proposed a resumption of tram services.
It connected with the Forth and Clyde Canal at Kirkintilloch, giving onward access not only to Glasgow, but to Edinburgh as well.
The Altamont Corridor Express is a commuter rail service in California, connecting Stockton and San Jose.
A further $3 billion in funding, redirected from the now defunct East West Link project, has been committed by the State Government.
The metro's technological infrastructure and rolling stock are being provided by Ansaldo STS, Tata Projects and CSR Zhuzhou.
Delhi Sarai Rohilla railway station, is situated about 4 km from old Delhi railway junction in India.
Buses serve all districts, however, denser network presence attained in the central area.
The Minsk Metro is a rapid-transit system that serves Minsk, the capital of Belarus.
The car originally served the trolley/streetcar system of Lisbon, Portugal, from 1925 to 1978.
Freight One has implemented simplified tariffs and standardised freight contracts.
By the end of the 1970s a total of 800 meters of track was in service.
Recently MMRDA announced it is investing up to ₹48,000 crore to re-haul the entire rail network by introducing new services, coaches, signalling equipment
Ives reorganized as the Danbury and Bethel Traction Company in 1925.
Its 21 mile line from San Pedro Bay to Los Angeles was built from 1868 to 1869 and began operations on October 26, 1869.
It has a varied collection of engines and rolling stock ranging from 18 in gauge to 5 ft 3 in gauge.
Curitiba has a well planned and integrated transportation system, which includes dedicated lanes on major streets for a bus rapid transit system.
BRTS won several nation and international awards for design, implementation and operation.
The Oslo tram network, is the tram system in Oslo, Norway.
The city has an estimated population of 1,711,000 as of 2009.
The first of these, the Roma–Lido, which connects Rome to Ostia, on the sea, is effectively part of the metro network.
Both towns are located in North Ayrshire, Scotland.
The city railways that merged were the West Side Street Railway, the Crosstown Street Railway and the Buffalo Traction Company.
The remaining local streetcar service ended in 1933.
Rainier Scenic Railroad & Museum exhibits located in Mineral, WA.
The off-peak journey time between Morriston Hospital and Swansea University is timetabled to take 50 minutes.
Miami Central Station is expected to attract 150,000 daily commuters and travelers.
There were 49 bus stations and 310 agents.
After only a few years in operation, the scheme has since achieved profitability and has exceeded the original ridership targets.
Harbin Metro is the metro system of Harbin, the provincial capital of Heilongjiang Province in northeastern China.
The Akron & Chicago Junction Railroad was founded in 1825 by General Simon Perkins and Paul Williams.
Hammond and renamed the Oregon Central and Eastern Railway, and again in 1897 was reorganized as the Corvallis and Eastern Railroad.
Line T3 goes from Part-Dieu - Villette to Meyzieu Z.I.
SP sold the route on December 31, 1994, in favor of using its route to Eugene via Klamath Falls, Oregon and Cascade Summit.
The Philadelphia and Reading Railway, predecessor to the Reading Company, leased the North Pennsylvania in 1879.
The 20.4-kilometre system opened between 2002 and 2007, and has two lines, M1 and M2.
Ltd. Kestrel will pay a royalty of Re 1 per kilometer to the MBMT.
The network underwent rapid expansion prior to the 2011 Summer Universiade, opening 110 km of tracks in June 2011.
It not only runs through Delhi, but also offers its services to parts of Haryana and Uttar Pradesh like Rewari, Faridabad, Ghaziabad and many others.
It is expected to transport about 5,000 passengers per day.
The first section was opened on March 16, 2006, the second on April 17, 2007.
The system is extensively used, especially during trade shows on the Hanover fairground like CeBIT or the Hannover Messe.
By 2018, the Follo Line is scheduled to open.
Instead of water transport, local loggers used the M&O to carry logs to the Butters & Peters Salt and Lumber Company sawmill in Buttersville, near Ludington.
The Edmonton Radial Railway was a streetcar service that operated in Edmonton, Alberta from 1908 to 1951.
Today, BJRR counts with an up-to-date machinery with excellent levels of maintenance.
Gerald Altizer and Pat Stakem are the primary partners in the company.
It is wholly owned by the Government of Bihar.
Rapid Metro connects the commercial areas of Gurgaon, and acts as a feeder link to the Delhi Metro.
The company had a freight station in downtown Pittsburgh on the north side of Duquesne Way just west of Barbeau Street.
Nine lines are currently operational, with extensions and additional lines in the planning and construction stage.
It replaced Niagara Falls Transit's Falls Shuttle, as well as the Niagara Parks Commission People Mover.
Leeds Corporation Tramways formerly served the city of Leeds, England.
In the 1830s commercial granite quarries were opened on Penmaenmawr to meet the growing demand for granite setts.
PATH trains use tunnels only in Manhattan, Hoboken, and downtown Jersey City.
Cercanías Málaga is a commuter rail service between central Málaga, Spain, and towns in the province.
Another extension, running further west from the airport, across the Var, is also proposed.
Foshan Metro is the metro system of the city of Foshan in Guangdong Province of China.
The longstanding park cafe was demolished and a roller-skating park built on the site.
Metromover connects directly with Metrorail at Government Center and Brickell stations.
The average length of a single trip is 14 minutes.
Previous operations in Australia, Hong Kong, Kenya, Malawi, New Zealand, Portugal and Sweden have been sold.
Coimbatore Junction is the most busiest railway station in this division and accounts for 45% of the revenues.
Metromover serves the Downtown Miami, Brickell, Park West and Omni neighborhoods.
The Ida Bay Railway is a 7-kilometre, 2 ft narrow gauge Heritage Tramway that operates 105 kilometres south of Hobart, Tasmania, Australia.
Six metro lines will be built inside the urban area of Ningbo, serving Haishu, Jiangbei, Zhenhai, Beilun and Yinzhou.
The component parts of the operation consist of the former Laidlaw services and subsequent new acquisitions by First Canada.
In 1982 a second line was opened, the Oost – Westlijn, running between Capelsebrug and Coolhaven stations.
An extension of the railway which was built to serve the Cyprus Mines Corporation operated until 1974.
Some of the regions to competitive tender in 2013 and 2014, with region 11 subsumed into region 10.
The Shonan Monorail is a suspended SAFEGE monorail in the cities of Kamakura and Fujisawa in Kanagawa Prefecture, Japan.
It is estimated to cost ₹114.20 billion.
The regular operation of the system is roughly from 5:00AM to 11:00PM.
Converted to narrow gauge in 1884 and extended giving a length of 7 3⁄4 miles, the line closed in 1936.
Due to disputes over line crossings with the Pennsylvania Railroad, the line did not open until 1905.
The Detroit and Howell Railroad is a defunct railroad organized in 1864 to build a line connecting Howell and Detroit in southeast Michigan.
It was based on Lydney, where a small harbour was constructed, and opened its line to Parkend in 1810.
Gwangju Metro is the rapid transit system of Gwangju, South Korea, operated by the Gwangju Metropolitan Rapid Transit Corporation.
The railway was reorganized as the Charlottesville and Albemarle Bus Company in 1936 with a transition to bus service.
PBSC filed for bankruptcy at the beginning of 2014 as the company started experiencing financial difficulties in late 2013.
The initial franchise was for 20 years.
In 1970 it operated 540 miles of road on 792 miles of track; that year it reported 1320 million ton-miles of revenue freight and zero passenger-miles.
The Rete celere del Canton Ticino is a commuter rail network serving the Swiss canton of Ticino and the north-western part of the Italian region Lombardy.
Jabalpur railway division and Bhopal railway division are the other two railway divisions under WCR Zone headquartered at Jabalpur.
The line started operation in 1892 as a short suburban line that later was extended to Port Credit.
The Carolina & Northwestern Railway was a railroad that served South Carolina and North Carolina from 1897 until January 1, 1974.
Other facilities include tennis and basketball courts, two bowling greens, a children's playground, a waterpark, football pitches and a flower garden.
Passenger trains ceased operations in July 1978.
The company was purchased by J. Moss Ives in 1918 with the intention of bringing the operation back to profitability.
It is not to be confused with the Jersey Eastern Railway.
Stagecoach in Chesterfield is the sector of the Stagecoach Group that operates buses in Chesterfield, Derbyshire, England.
Owned by the national company Ferrocarriles de Cuba, it represents the only suburban rail system of the Caribbean island.
It operated a former Louisville and Nashville Railroad branch line from Andalusia to Geneva, Alabama.
Moreover, line T4, which uses tram-train technology, is operated by the French national rail operator SNCF as part of its Transilien regional rail network.
The network is composed of eleven routes, including eight intercity routes and three local shuttle routes in Santa Fe, New Mexico.
As of 2016, average weekday ridership is 4,900.
When the Green Line began service in 1995, it operated with only one-car trains.
Nantes Busway line 4 is NF certified.
It comprises Adra railway division, Chakradharpur railway division, Kharagpur railway division and Ranchi railway division.
Zagreb's tram system transported 204 million passengers in 2008.
Marie Railway and its connections to Minneapolis, Minnesota, Saint Paul, Minnesota, and Chicago, Illinois.
It was founded by entrepreneur Stelios Haji-Ioannou in 2003, and is part of the EasyGroup.
Bus Queensland Toowoomba was formed in April 2009 when the Pulitano Group purchased both the Garden City Sunbus and Kynoch Coaches operations.
The two city names most prominently associated with the Orient Express are Paris and Constantinople, the original endpoints of the timetabled service.
In wider terms it came to hold a historically important position as the oldest extant miniature railway in the world.
Many proposals have been made to expand the transportation system in the Las Vegas Valley including commuter rail and rapid transit.
Competition from road traffic starting in the early twentieth century put pressure on the railway, and it was later a victim of the Beeching cuts.
At the time it was also one of the shortest metro lines in the world with a length of only 5.9 km.
The domestically developed HSR-350x, which achieved 352.4 km/h in tests, resulted in a second type of high-speed trains now operated by Korail, the KTX Sancheon.
It operated freight and passenger trains between York and Delta.
The Colorado Central Railroad was a U.S. railroad company that operated in Colorado and southeastern Wyoming in the late 19th century.
The agency's trademark color is McGlashan green.
Line 2 is a commuter rail service operated by Trenitalia in the city of Naples, Italy.
Phase 1 became fully operational by fall 2012.
The Mann's Creek Railroad was a 3 ft narrow gauge railroad that operated during the nineteenth- and twentieth-centuries in Fayette County, West Virginia, United States.
The Trolley began service on July 26, 1981, making it the oldest of the "second generation" light rail systems in the United States.
There are plans to build a new network which would be completed by 2030.
The service runs every hour, with additional rush-hour services, and reduced service in the evenings and on the weekend.
Originally designed as turbotrains to be powered by gas turbines, TGV prototypes evolved into electric trains with the 1973 oil crisis.
One of the excursion cars was rebuilt into a second combination car after availability of automobiles reduced the number of passengers.
The 2,918 km, 1,520 mm gauge network is electrified at 3 kV DC.
The Poços de Caldas Monorail was a monorail system that served the city of Poços de Caldas in the state of Minas Gerais, Brazil.
The buses were unusual in that they operated as two-unit buses, comprising a motor unit towing a separate trailer.
The city of Medellín and its urban complex had a relatively recent industrial development that started in the 1930s.
The citizens are forced to find alternative ways of reaching their destinations, given that overcrowding prevents the users of boarding the buses.
MDT's main transit stations are Government Center in Downtown, and the new Miami Central Station in Grapeland Heights, near Miami International Airport.
The Dubai Metro is the first urban train network in the Arabian Peninsula and either the second in the Arab World or the third.
Mumbai Metro is a rapid transit system serving the city of Mumbai, Maharashtra.
The Norfolk and Portsmouth Belt Line Railroad is a class III railroad operating in southern Virginia.
The Kuaigui is the overground system mainly running in the suburban area, while the Ditie is the underground system operating in the urban area.
Ningbo Rail Transit is the second rapid transit system put into service in Zhejiang Province, after Hangzhou Metro.
The system opened to the public in September 2014 with 35 stations and 260 bikes.
The Dallas Streetcar is a 2.45-mile modern streetcar line in Dallas, Texas.
The Cebu Bus Rapid Transit System is a planned mass transit system for Cebu City located within the greater Cebu Metropolitan Area.
A fleet of 180 thousand freight wagons will be transferred to the new company from RZD.
There are proposals for a variety of extensions.
The Lille tramway is a public transit system in the city of Lille in Nord-Pas-de-Calais, France.
Designed by Samuel Diescher and John Endres, the incline was built beside the smaller, original Monongahela Incline.
A short part is operating once again to give rides to the public, under a new name, the Kempton Steam Railway
The Berlin U-Bahn is the most extensive underground network in Germany.
Built and operated by Rapid MetroRail Gurgaon Limited, the system is the world's first fully privately financed metro.
Originally a subsidiary of the Chicago West Pullman Transportation Corporation, it was acquired by OmniTRAX in 1992.
The older passenger incline still runs today, and concrete pylons from the freight incline can be seen during the descent.
It opened in 1871, with service between Scarborough and Uxbridge.
Commodities include chemicals, forest products, food products, and feed, which generates approximately 5,500 annual carloads.
DGNO also operates from Sherman to McKinney, from Carrollton to Murphy and from Dallas to Lake Dallas.
As of February 2010, the carrier operates seven various local industrial railroads:
The company has 79 grey buses, the majority of which are Mercedes-Benz and MAN.
It was the first commercially operated monorail system in the United States.
Arví Park has six bicycles stations collectively known as the "Bicycle in the Park" stations.
In 2015 the system saw 957,800 passenger trips, for an overall average of 3,800 paying riders per weekday.
A feature of the railway is its gnome village, a collection of garden gnomes donated by the public.
Its eventual area encompassed the three Scottish counties of Aberdeenshire, Banffshire and Moray, with short lengths of line in Inverness-shire and Kincardineshire.
In 1905 the line came under control of the New York Central Railroad through its Mohawk Valley Company subsidiary.
The Manila Light Rail Transit System popularly and informally known as the LRT is a metropolitan rail system serving the Metro Manila area in the Philippines.
It is projected that 30 million passengers will use the line every year.
The network is currently served by 73 Alstom Citadis 302 trams.
Atlanta's subway system, operated by MARTA, is the eighth-busiest in the United States.
Access to railroads on territory of the Autonomous Republic of Crimea is suspended since 2014 due to annexation of Crimea by the Russian Federation.
Tengri Unitrade Cargo has implemented simplified tariffs and standardised freight contracts.
On all days of the week, the Metro service runs from approximately 05:30 to 23:00.
Vélo'v is a bicycle sharing system run by the city of Lyon, France, in conjunction with the advertising company JCDecaux.
It runs from and to the outskirts of the city during the rush hour, and passenger numbers have high.
Daily service hours start at 6:00 am and end at midnight, and daily ridership averages over 7 million.
Eventually, a canal was dug between the two waterways that the railroad connected; this is now part of the Intracoastal Waterway.
The second line was on Queen Street.
Other famous London Underground branding includes the roundel and Johnston typeface, created by Edward Johnston in 1916.
The People Mover uses UTDC ICTS Mark I technology and the cars are driverless.
Line 1 serves downtown Rio, tourist areas in the South Zone, and several neighbourhoods in the North Zone.
In July 2010 a new commuter rail service was launched in Patras, connecting the city with Rio.
In 1933, all streetcars were brought under one company, Capital Transit.
Ion is an integrated rapid transit network currently under construction in the Regional Municipality of Waterloo in Ontario, Canada.
RTD is governed by a 15-member, publicly elected Board of Directors.
The railway contains some of the most magnificent scenic rail routes in the world.
The Marseille Metro is a metro/rapid transit system serving the city of Marseille, in southern France.
The Dublin and South Eastern Railway was an Irish gauge) railway in Ireland from 1846 to 1925.
The Charles River Railroad was a railroad in Massachusetts.
Bike Share Toronto  is a bicycle sharing system located in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.
The major railway routes of Indian Railways which come under Western Railways are: Mumbai Central - Ratlam, Mumbai Central - Ahmedabad and Palanpur - Ahmedabad.
The rail system is complemented by MARTA's bus system, the 14th-largest in the country.
This, along with the introduction of private automobiles to the island after World War II, would ultimately doom the line.
Passenger receipts declined in the 1930s, resulting in the temporary withdrawal of services in 1939.
The Tennessee Southern Railroad began operations in 1988 and currently operates in middle Tennessee and northwestern Alabama.
As of January 2015, only two bidders remain after the Request For Qualification process of the ongoing bidding attempt.
There were extensive neighbouring systems in Salford, Oldham, Ashton, Hyde, Middleton, Rochdale and elsewhere.
As a successful railway operation, the MTR has served as a model for other newly built systems in the world, particularly in mainland China.
The Salzburg S-Bahn is a large transport project in and around Salzburg in the Euroregion of Salzburg–Berchtesgadener Land–Traunstein, which crosses the border between Austria and Germany.
As of December 2016, CRT consisted of four lines, with a total track length of 212.6 km.
The Srinagar Metro is a rapid transit proposed for the city of Srinagar, Jammu and Kashmir, India.
in phase one of the Guwahati Metro.
The main line consists of 118 miles and the total track has 149 miles.
On March 23, 1875, the city of Grand Rapids authorized the use of some of its streets for the tramway and service began that year.
It uses the tracks of the Hejaz Railway.
As of 2015–2016, 1.76 million people use the suburban train services daily.
VRE is owned by the Northern Virginia Transportation Commission and the Potomac and Rappahannock Transportation Commission.
The Central Texas & Colorado River Railway is a short-line railroad headquartered in Brady, Texas.
These lowside gondolas had side gates to facilitate unloading on the coal trestle.
It currently has a total of 81 operational stations across 67 kilometres of double track commercial line.
The Kuranda Scenic Railway is the name for the railway line that runs from Cairns, Queensland, Australia, to the nearby town of Kuranda.
At first they were horse-drawn, and later steam-powered; the tramway was electrified in 1896.
Several years later the remaining trackage at Charles City was abandoned.
Then a December 1931 enginehouse fire in Wiscasset damaged the locomotives of the nearby Wiscasset, Waterville and Farmington Railway.
The subway network first opened in 2004 with 14 stations.
While efforts to establish a railroad in East Tennessee began in the 1830s, financial difficulties stalled construction until the late 1840s.
It was itself leased in 1905 and dissolved in 1918, when its line was taken over by the new Cincinnati and Dayton Traction company.
Patna Monorail( Hindi: पटना मोनोरेल ) is a proposed monorail system for the city of Patna.
The system is also the world's busiest monorail system with 94 million and 250 million annual rides on Line 2 and 3 respectively in 2015.
A mobile phone can be used to receive the code needed to unlock a bike for immediate use.
The Zhuhai tram network is in Zhuhai, Guangdong, China.
In September 2016, RATP became Iași Public Transport Company Iași).
The Crystal Palace pneumatic railway was an experimental atmospheric railway that ran in Crystal Palace Park in south London in 1864.
Salem railway division is a railway division of the Southern Railway Zone of Indian Railways.
It primarily serves as an east-west link from the city centre district to the suburb Ilidža.
The Kiev Metro, or Kyiv Metro is a metro system that is the mainstay of Kiev's public transport.
DMRC operates over 3,000 trips daily, with first trains starting at around 05:00 and last at 23:30.
A large gulch stands in the way of future growth till it is bridged.
Japan International Cooperation Agency and European Investment Bank will provide loan to Kanpur Metro project.
TransJakarta was designed to provide Jakarta citizens with a fast public transportation system to help reduce rush hour traffic.
Ludhiana Bus Rapid Transit System was a bus rapid transit system proposed for the city of Ludhiana in Punjab, India.
It is expected to be fully completed sometime in 2017.
As of November 1, 2015, DRT has about 170 kilometers of track.
Any fare increases or major service changes had to be approved by the city council.
The last 4 miles of the branch at Kentucky House were sold to the Calaveras Cement Company on April 28, 1929.
The RTA system provides nearly 2 million rides per day, making it the third largest public transportation system in North America.
Repeated court battles did force the TRC to build new cars, but they were of old design.
The Perugia Tramway opened in 1899, which was the same year as that in which electric street lighting came to the city.
It is managed by Delhi Division of Northern Railway zone.
The railroad operates 241 stations on 11 different rail lines.
With its hub at Karachi City station on I.I.
The Saltburn Cliff Lift is a funicular railway located in Saltburn-by-the-Sea, Redcar and Cleveland and the ceremonial county of North Yorkshire, England.
Taipei Metro, Taipei Mass Rapid Transit or MRT, or the Taipei Rapid Transit System , is a rapid transit system serving metropolitan Taipei, Taiwan.
İZBAN is a part of the municipality's transportation master plan.
They are operated with X11 and X61 electric multiple units.
The line was dismantled soon after and there was no successor.
The northern terminus of the High Level Bridge Streetcar ride is at Jasper Plaza, just south of Jasper Avenue.
When completed, the Blue Line will become a loop line around the centre of Bangkok, with an extension to Bang Khae on its western side.
In April 1865 a far more destructive raid, Wilson's Raid, wrecked all of the remaining rolling stock of the railroad.
Redirecting the line northward, it opened as the Port Hope, Lindsay & Beaverton Railway, a much longer line than originally planned.
z o.o., the fleet consists of Konstal 805Na trams.
Istanbul Metro well connected with Marmaray and F1 Funicular underground systems and T1 modern tram ground system.
The Turkish authorities have since assisted with the development of a similar system in Lahore, Pakistan, which opened in 2013.
It was inaugurated on 15 August 2003 replacing narrow-gauge diesel trains between Alicante and El Campello.
The 5,403-kilometre metre gauge rail network consists of 858 stations, and generally spans north to south with branch lines to east and west.
The Murray Hill Tunnel now carries a lane of road traffic, but not the buses.
Most of the system is operated by three companies – Seoul Metro, Korail and Metro 9.
SKOL is a unit of Watco Companies.
In April 2011, the Conecuh Valley was named as one of the three railroads to be purchased by RailAmerica from Gulf and Ohio for $12.7 million.
In 1925/1926, Southern Pacific extended the branch line 8 miles east into the Sierras to its ending point known as Kentucky House.
Its original headquarters was in Tiruchirappalli and was registered as a company in London only in 1890.
It has also been a site for the 1990 Hollywood movie Total Recall.
General Establishment of Syrian Railways is the national railway operator for the state of Syria, subordinate to the Ministry of Transportation.
The railroad has 47 miles of track that runs from Aberdeen to Fayetteville, North Carolina.
It opened about 1858 and closed in the 1930s.
The bicycles are free to use for anyone aged 16 years old or older.
Other projects, such as the Central Subway, are underway.
The Kowloon–Canton Railway is a railway network in Hong Kong.
The Akron, Canton and Youngstown Railroad was a Class I railroad which operated in the state of Ohio.
The Bridgeport Traction Company was a streetcar transit company in the area around Bridgeport, Connecticut.
It officially opened in May 2013 with 332 stations and 6,000 bikes.
The Glasgow and Paisley Joint Railway was the section of railway line between Glasgow Bridge Street railway station and Paisley, in the west of Scotland.
Both stops and vehicles are guarded by municipal police.
The venture does not have any investment from the Union Government, Government of Haryana or any public sector undertaking.
rapid routes, a network of 13 high-patronage city and cross-regional routes announced in 2013
The railway also has four passenger wagons and 16 goods wagons.
The RFFSA unified 42 railways together, creating a regional system composed of 22 railroads.
The system is operated by Hamilton Bike Share Inc, a local non-profit corporation, using equipment developed by New York-based Social Bicycles Inc.
It passes through Barnaul before ending at Novosibirsk, where it meets the West Siberian portion of the Trans-Siberian railway.
The subway was constructed in the bed of the old Erie Canal, which allowed the route to be grade-separated for its entire length.
Population expansion of the state generally followed the path of the early waterways, first the Hudson River and then the Erie Canal.
Prague Metro system served 589.2 million passengers in 2012, making it the fifth busiest metro system in Europe.
It was Ohio's largest interurban, connecting Toledo, Lima, Dayton, Columbus, and Cincinnati.
In 1983 the Western Pacific was acquired by the Union Pacific Railroad.
In 2007, its CNG bus fleet was the largest consumer of alternative fuels in the state.
In addition to Taichung, it may serve Changhua and Nantou counties.
Although some of the line was constructed between 1901 and 1906, it never opened and eventually became part of the Welsh Highland Railway.
The Newcastle & North Shields Railway opened in June 1839 from a temporary terminus in Carliol Square in Newcastle upon Tyne to North Shields.
In 1983, Erie remnants became part of New Jersey Transit rail operations, including parts of its Main Line.
A consortium of local business interests led by William Rogers reorganized it as the Argentine & Gray's Peak Railway.
It consists of three inner-city tunnels and above-ground lines in the suburbs.
The M&LS was chartered in 1909 to penetrate what was then a booming lumber and pulpwood region of the central Upper Peninsula.
The infrastructure has been developed by the Pune Municipal Corporation, Pimpri-Chinchwad Municipal Corporation.
This railroad was acquired by the Nashville, Chattanooga and St. Louis Railway in 1896 who finally abandoned it in 1943.
The system occupies 1,900 square meters of warehouse space.
The system serves most of the Seoul Metropolitan Area including the Incheon metropolis and satellite cities in Gyeonggi province.
The Chesapeake and Ohio operated for over one hundred years until it was reorganized through merger as CSX Transportation in the 1980s.
The Paris Metro or Métropolitain is a rapid transit system in the Paris Metropolitan Area.
The Magma Arizona Railroad was built by the Magma Copper Company and operated from 1915 - 1997.
The name of the company was changed to Cincinnati, Selma and Mobile Railway Company on December 17, 1881.
It operated local bus service in the Allentown, Bethlehem, and Easton, Pennsylvania areas until going out of business in 1972.
The tramway was originally proposed to open in 2017, but is now scheduled for 2021.
It continued to operate its feeder bus service, as well as the original streetcar lines with buses.
Palakkad railway division is one of the six administrative divisions of the Southern Railway zone of Indian Railways, headquartered at Palakkad in Kerala.
In North Hollywood it connects with the Orange Line service for stations to the Warner Center in Woodland Hills and Chatsworth.
Egged Israel Transport Cooperative Society Ltd, a cooperative owned by its members, is the largest transit bus company in Israel.
Durham Region Transit is the regional public transit operator in Durham Region, Ontario, Canada, east of Toronto.
Zhengzhou Metro is a rapid transit metro rail network serving urban and suburban districts of Zhengzhou municipality.
The metro-grade lines are M1, M2, M5, and M6 with some shared sections, covering a total of 39.9 kilometres, with 59 metro-only stations.
The lines cross at Place De Gaulle in the city centre.
It opened a number of branches within the general area it served: to Clevedon, Cheddar, Wells, Weston-super-Mare, Chard, Yeovil and Tiverton.
The Clean Air Campaign was created in 1996 to help reduce pollution in metro Atlanta.
Sydney Metro is an automated rapid transit system under construction in Sydney, New South Wales, Australia.
Metro Transit is primarily funded by a combination of federal, state, and local contributions; in 2003, rider fares made up 19.25% of the operating budget.
Some trains are regional trains which go Frederikshavn-Aarhus.
The Indore BRTS project started in 2007 under the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission.
It would be owned and operated by state run Patna Metro Rail Corporation.
Cercanías Bilbao is a commuter rail network in Bilbao, serving the city and its metropolitan area.
It is the first and currently the only metro system in the Henan Province.
It continued up the run and climbed between Amberson Ridge and Shultz Ridge alongside the present Couch Road.
Algerian President Abdelaziz Bouteflika attended the Metro's 31 October ribbon-cutting opening ceremony.
In 2015, it carried 222.0 million passengers, which yielded an average daily ridership of approximately 608,200.
It is 22.6 km long with 22 stations.
SÉMITAG operates its services, which includes local bus services as well as the tramway, under the Tag brand.
Although officially organised into two routes, for most of their length the two routes operate on the same track.
The Ho Chi Minh City Metro is a planned rapid transit network that will serve Ho Chi Minh City in Vietnam.
The Rennes Metro rapid transit line serves the city of Rennes in Brittany, France.
The Bangalore Metro Rail Corporation Ltd, a joint venture of the Government of India and the Government of Karnataka, built and operates the Namma Metro.
The park's most significant feature is a 910 metre long boating lake on the north side of the park.
The main line of the West Cornwall Railway is still in operation at the present day, forming the western end of the Cornish Main Line railway.
It is usually referred to in English by the double acronym STIB-MIVB, or by its French acronym, STIB.
The Málaga Metro is a light metro network in Málaga, Spain.
Transdev Auckland, formerly Veolia Transport Auckland, Ltd., and before that Connex Auckland, Ltd., is a Transdev Australasia company.
Semitan tested the Hess LighTram in November 2009 to eventually increase capacity of the system and relieve overcrowding at peak times.
There are 9 lines with a total linelength of 63.5 kilometres.
The railway equipment including electric power, signalling, rolling stock, and fare collection equipment will be provided by the private sector under a Concession Contract.
The Knoxville and Holston River Railroad operates over 18.98 miles within Knoxville and Marbledale, Tennessee.
The Cadeby Light Railway was a 2 ft narrow-gauge railway in the garden of the rectory in Cadeby, Leicestershire.
In 2013, the Metro transported 96.26 million passengers.
The Department was created in 1880 and was corporatised on 1 April 1982 into the New Zealand Railways Corporation.
The lines interchange at Siam Station and have a combined route length of 37.6 kilometers.
Formally launched in the 1980s, the project slowed down due to financial difficulties and security issues in the 1990s.
It is primarily operated by the Czech Railways.
Construction of the railway started in 1990 in a field at the side of Amerton Working Farm.
The construction work was performed by The American Construction Company, a corporation controlled by the Richmond and West Point Terminal Railway and Warehouse Company.
It is shifting and unstable, being mostly composed of sand and shingle.
It is an underground funicular with two stations, connecting the quarters of Karaköy and Beyoğlu.
Operation has been contracted to Arriva Rail London since 13 November 2016.
Local tickets are valid on S-Bahn suburban rail services and other train services but those are operated by the state railway operator, ÖBB.
It was a part of the Penang Integrated Transportation Masterplan.
The railway's main terminal is at Umeda Station in Osaka.
The proposal requests to abandon all MCR track beyond 3.3 miles east of McCloud, California.
At present, State Transit holds four regions, while eight private operators hold the other 10.
The Middlebere Plateway, or Middlebere Tramway, was a horse-drawn plateway on the Isle of Purbeck in the English county of Dorset.
TranGO, also known as the Okanogan County Transit Authority, is a public transit agency that provides bus service in Okanogan County, Washington.
The second route, Eje Central, started operations on August 14, 2010.
It has operations on 4 of Hawaii's major Islands: Kauaʻi, Oʻahu, Maui, and the Island of Hawaiʻi.
It operates a 2 ft narrow gauge railway running for 3⁄4 mile, partly along the track of the old Somerset and Dorset Joint Railway.
Only the U1 and U3 were built wholly as new subway lines.
Brant rapid transit - Dundas Street to Burlington GO Station
The railroad served as a passenger and freight carrier.
Operations will be transferred to Veolia Transport, the company that won the contract in May 2008.
Örkaggens Järnväg is a privately owned, 600 mm narrow gauge railway in southern Sweden and has a total length of approximately 2.3 kilometers.
After the cement plant closed, the branch was used to store railroad freight cars.
Yangon Tram begun service on a single tram line on 11 January 2016.
It operates from 6:45 AM to 9 AM and 3:30 PM to 6 PM.
The Taoyuan Airport MRT is to serve general public access between the terminals, the Airport Hotel, and the Taoyuan-Taipei area.
Pacific Coach Lines mainly uses Prevost coaches.
The Louisville and Interurban Railroad was an interurban line that operated in and around Louisville, Kentucky during the first half of the 20th century.
In 2011, Genesee & Wyoming began control of operations on behalf of the owners under the name WRLS.
By 1866 enough money had been raised to conduct engineering surveys, and grading commenced the following year.
In Yangon central station Platform 7, they were available in a little ticket office on the platform.
SNCF is France's national state-owned railway company and manages the rail traffic in France and the Principality of Monaco.
Damascus saw a political decline throughout the Abbasid era, only to regain significant importance in the Ayyubid and Mamluk periods.
It is spread over a land area of 165 acres.
The Porthgain Railway was a 3 ft narrow gauge industrial railway connecting the Pen Clegyr and St. Bride's quarries with Porthgain harbour.
Prague's first horsecar tram line was opened in 1875, and the first electric tram ran in 1891.
The only way to connect between the stations on the opposite sides of the river is by boat.
There are connections to the City of Mississauga, York Region, and the City of Toronto, with the first corridor having started service in fall 2010.
The Lynn to Dereham line opened in 1846 and closed in 1968, although the section between Middleton Towers and King's Lynn remains open to freight.
The railway formed part of the Royal Mail route between London and Dublin via Dún Laoghaire railway station at Kingstown.
The Jakarta Mass Rapid Transit is a rapid transit system that currently is under construction in Jakarta, the capital city of Indonesia.
The Shenzhen Metro currently has eight lines, 166 stations, and 286 kilometres of total trackage in operation.
Since 9 December 2013, Kassel's RegioTram is operated by a consortium of Kasseler Verkehrs-Gesellschaft and Hessische Landesbahn.
In February 2011, the service was suspended, but was reopened on April 28, 2014.
It was built separately from, and will not be physically linked to, the future Mecca Metro network.
Built in 1903, the line ran from Chambersburg eastward to Caledonia State Park.
The city is the judicial capital of Uttar Pradesh with Allahabad High Court being the highest judicial body in the state.
However, only 238 mi of track were laid so service never extended beyond Lakeview, Oregon.
Metro lines connecting Cixi, Yuyao and Fenghua are currently in the early planning stages, no detailed information on lines have been released to the public.
Owner : Eskişehir Metropolitan Municipality - EsTram Light Rail Transport Company 
The company built the first rail lines up connecting historic Colorado mining communities such as Black Hawk, Central City, and Idaho Springs.
It still operates today as a tourist attraction.
The following year, the Northern Railway was consolidated into the Southern Pacific.
The railroad ran scheduled steam service over its 136-mile line from Charleston, South Carolina, to Hamburg, South Carolina, beginning in 1833.
The integrated system began on 14 December 2008.
In 2009, the Warsaw Metro won two "Metro Award" prizes in the categories of "Special Merit Award for Commitment to the Environment" and "Best Maintenance Programme".
After this sale, the mine was enlarged to form the Pittsburgh and Castle Shannon Tunnel, and the train tracks were extended to Castle Shannon, Pennsylvania.
The Stockholm metro is a metro system in Stockholm, Sweden.
In the long term, the network is intended to cover most of Minneapolis and St. Paul.
The New York and Putnam Railroad was a railroad line that operated between The Bronx and Brewster, New York.
Teleférico da Providência is a gondola lift service operating in the Central region of Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.
The Amberley Museum and Heritage Centre Railway is a 2 ft narrow gauge railway based at the Amberley Museum & Heritage Centre, Amberley, West Sussex.
The first rapid transit line, the Holmenkoll Line, opened in 1898, with the branch Røa Line opening in 1912.
It is leased to Ferrocarril del Sureste FERROSUR.
Gare de Vitry-le-François is a railway station serving the town Vitry-le-François, Marne department, eastern France.
This is the result of an unrealised project to run the metro into the suburbs on existing railway lines.
The Metro rail will be introduced on two routes under the public-private partnership mode.
It is operated by the municipally owned Münchner Verkehrsgesellschaft or MVG.
The two locomotives were named after William Shakespeare's sprites, Ariel and Puck.
Line 300 is one of CFR's main lines in Romania, having a total length of 647 km.
It is managed by the North Carolina Railroad Company.
The Société de transport de Montréal is a public transport agency that operates transit bus, and rapid transit services in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.
The TPG operates trams, trolleybuses and buses for the Canton of Geneva and also serves some regions in neighbouring France.
Chesterfield Tramways decided to relay the track and extend the line to the borough boundaries and electrify it.
It is owned by the city of Tacoma, Washington and operated as a public utility.
Two lines are currently under construction with the first scheduled to be operational in 2015.
At its height, the railroad operated 140.4 miles of track, which was used to help the timber operations then active in northern Michigan.
The Industrial Contracting Company was hired to construct the Danbury and Harlem line as well as the extension of the Ossining Electric Railway.
El Metropolitano is a new Bus rapid transit system serving the city of Lima, Peru.
The railroad was sold under foreclosure on July 9, 1842; it was reorganized as the Montgomery and West Point Railroad on February 13, 1843.
As of July 2016, DPR has been prepared by RITES and submitted to state government.
The trains go on the main-line tracks, shared with long-distance trains and freight trains.
Tramline T4, which is actually more like a sort of Stadtbahn, opened in 2007.
The network is operated by 106 trams, and transported 98 million people in 2010 and 104 million people in 2012.
Both lines will intersect at Charbagh Railway Station.
It is situated in Dresden, Germany, and connects the districts of Loschwitz and Oberloschwitz.
The state government is conducting a feasibility study with the help of Delhi Metro.
In addition, some routes serve stations on multiple train lines.
regions 1, 2, 3, 5 and 13 in Western Sydney
Divvy is a bicycle sharing system in the City of Chicago and two adjacent suburbs operated by Motivate for the Chicago Department of Transportation.
Republic N&T Railroad is a line-haul operator in Canton, Ohio that operates on Norfolk Southern there.
Service to Manassas began on June 22, 1992; the Fredericksburg service started on July 20, 1992.
The fare is $3.25 cash or a valid STM transit pass.
The organisation was corporatised in 1992, but remains wholly owned by the Malaysian government.
To reduce construction costs, Ultra largely uses off-the-shelf technologies, such as rubber tyres running on an open guideway.
Through the city center and west to Vanløse, M1 and M2 share a common line.
It operated a main line from Dublin to Wexford, with branch lines to Shillelagh and Waterford.
Eleven rapid routes were identified within the existing bus network as part of the New South Wales Government's Sydney's Bus Future plan in 2013.
It consistently achieves a 99.9% on-time rate on its train journeys.
The Richmond operating division closed in 2011.
The Denver Pacific Railway was a historic railroad that operated in the western United States during the late 19th century.
The Azerbaijan Railways is one of the successors of the Soviet Railways, which was the successor of the Russian Imperial Railways.
Vijayawada railway division is one of the six railway divisions under South Central Railway zone of the Indian Railways.
The Osaka Monorail is a monorail in northern Osaka Prefecture, Japan, operated by Osaka Monorail Co., Ltd..
The rolling stock is a 3-coach tram with a seating capacity of 200 passengers.
These rapid transit systems were run under the own brand name of "Rapid KL".
For opponents of the government, the quality system has worsened since the last bid.
Daily passenger service is provided by Amtrak's California Zephyr, and the BNSF Railway and Utah Railway have trackage rights over the line.
Hazaribagh Road is a railway station on the Grand Chord line of East Central Railway.
The largest railway station in NCR is Jhansi Junction.
By that time the VoNR and the NA&HR had been absorbed into the Great Western Railway system.
Route 50 connects the southeastern borough to the western part of the city without crossing the city centre.
The line was set to be abandoned on December 17, 2007 because of deteriorating track conditions.
In 2008, the RhB section from the Albula/Bernina area was added to the list of UNESCO World Heritage Sites.
Work was underway to lay the tramway in March 1889.
It serves the boroughs of Pierrefonds-Roxboro and Dollard-des-Ormeaux.
In April 2004 it became the sole operator of Melbourne rail services, taking over the services of M>Train.
The railway intended to eventually transition to standard gauge, but this never happened.
In 2008, driverless and fully automated trains have been introduced and count as Germany's first automatic U-Bahn system.
The line operates between Bonsucesso Station and Complexo do Alemão.
The Tanana Valley Railroad was a 3 ft narrow gauge railroad that operated in the Tanana Valley of Alaska from 1905 to about 1917.
Many area ranchers and miners took advantage of the opportunity.
Four of the TTC's five most heavily used surface routes are streetcar routes.
The bus runs along a route from Morriston Hospital to Singleton Hospital, via Morriston, Swansea railway station, Kingsway, Swansea bus station, Civic Centre and Swansea University.
It began operations on August 7, 2009, and is owned and operated by Watco Companies of Pittsburg, Kansas.
It offers service 24 hours per day, every day of the year.
Porbandar State Railway was a 1,000 mm metre gauge in the Porbandar State in Gujarat during 19th century.
Even though Hyderabad has its own division, the Hyderabad Deccan railway station itself falls under Secunderabad railway division.
The Kundala Valley Railway pre-dated this, also using the Ewing system between 1902 and 1908, although this only used bullocks for haulage.
The IRC maintained streetcar networks throughout Western New York: in Buffalo, Niagara Falls and Lockport, and a single line in Niagara Falls, Ontario.
It uses specially adapted buses that can either be steered by the driver or operate as "self steering" guided buses along a specially constructed track.
Two guided sections make up 16 miles of the route.
The railroad has 28 mi of track that runs south from Raeford to Laurinburg, North Carolina and industries south of there.
The LIRR logo combines the circular MTA logo with the text Long Island Rail Road, and appears on the sides of trains.
The Santa Fe Southern Railway was a short line railroad in New Mexico, United States.
In 1883, the company merged with the city's three other streetcar companies to form the Street Railway Company of Grand Rapids.
The state government issued orders entrusting the Thiruvananthapuram Monorail project to the KMCL on 26 November 2012.
Today, the Edmonton Radial Railway Society operates historic streetcars on Edmonton's High Level Bridge and in Fort Edmonton Park.
The line is built to the popular gauge of 10 1⁄4 in and runs every weekend throughout the year and all school holidays.
It is the second-oldest city in India, and plays a central role in Hindu scriptures.
Opened in 1976, the network now includes six lines, 91 stations, and 117 miles of route.
It complements the Berlin U-Bahn and is the link to many outer-Berlin areas, such as Berlin Schönefeld Airport.
Metrolink is a tram/light rail system in Greater Manchester, England.
Because all the other Finnish seaports might be frozen solid during the winter, there was an anticipation for a large amount freight transit traffic.
The Manistique and Lake Superior Railroad was an American Class III railroad serving the Upper Peninsula of Michigan from 1909 to 1968.
Although slow and crudely built, the train was capable of making one round trip daily.
The Kerala Urban Road Transport Corporation is a state-run bus company which operates more than 500 low-floor buses in Kerala.
Capital MetroRapid is an bus rapid transit service in Austin, Texas that is owned and operated by the Capital Metropolitan Transportation Authority.
Engineering consultancy Atkins provided full multidisciplinary design and management of the civil works on Dubai Metro.
Hornell was also where Erie's main line split into two routes, one north to Buffalo and the other west to Cleveland.
Keretapi Tanah Melayu Berhad or Malayan Railways Limited is the main rail operator in Peninsular Malaysia.
The metro system was the first in India to auction naming rights for its stations.
The line was built to supply military installations along this stretch of coast.
Unlike the main TransMilenio buses, feeders operate without dedicated lanes, are not articulated and are green.
Connecticut Railway and Lighting Company was a streetcar and bus transit operator serving the region around Bridgeport, Norwalk, Derby, New Britain and Waterbury, Connecticut.
The 21-kilometre line starts at Clareview in Edmonton's northeast and ends at Century Park in Edmonton's south end.
It operated regular cross city urban services in Leeds on a commercial basis.
Interchange is made with CSX at Florence.
The service operates 24 hours a day and 365 days a year, with 2-4 minute frequencies during the day and 10-15 minutes at night.
It will be constructed on Public Private Partnership mode, estimated to cost ₹11,545 crore.
The Poma 2000 in Laon, France, was an automated guideway transit, a cable-driven people mover which ran between the railway station and the city hall.
Other parts of the RN&P were graded near York, NY and Fowlerville, NY and also near Chili, New York, but no tracks were ever laid.
Tramways in Pabianice consist of one short line P. The trams are operated by MPK Łódź Sp.
It was previously run for over 17 years by Serco Docklands, part of the Serco Group.
Parts of the line were subsequently taken over by the Zoomobile, an open-air tractor-drawn vehicle with five stations which had been operating since 1980.
Fuzhou Metro is a metro system in the city of Fuzhou, Fujian Province in China.
It also owns the Hanshin Tigers baseball team.
Passenger services beyond Toogoolawah ceased in 1967, with the Toogoolawah railmotor being withdrawn in 1989 and the entire line closed in 1991.
The line acquired its serpentine reputation because it did not take a straight course when faced with a hill or gully.
Total annual ridership for calendar year 2008 was 5 million trips, and Interregional ridership for fiscal year 2008 totaled 328,476 trips.
Most of the network is currently in the planning stages, with projects for different lines advancing as funds become available.
The first line, Line 3 began operation on December 16, 2015.
; and Line 2 began operations in September 2012.
İsbike is a public bicycle sharing system serving İstanbul, Turkey.
For instance, the railroad hauls enough coal to generate roughly ten percent of the electricity produced in the United States.
It is recognized as the largest abandoned subway tunnel system in the United States.
AC Transit also operates "Transbay" routes across San Francisco Bay to San Francisco and selected areas in San Mateo and Santa Clara counties.
The system's deepest station, Admiralteyskaya, is 86 metres below ground.
Sümerbank owned and operated the railway, using a Ruston shunting engine and a single railcar from the Oriental Railway Company.
Abraham Kirkpatrick Lewis was a pioneer coal miner in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
Later reclassified as a short-line railroad, the company was bought by the Norfolk and Western Railway in 1964 and merged in 1982.
The trip was later made free for passengers, who could ride the system as often as they wished throughout their stay on the island.
It was Cornwall's most westerly railway and one of the last operating narrow gauge industrial railways in the UK.
Also known as the Fourth Street Elevator, it is claimed to be the shortest and steepest railroad in the world.
This line will run through a tunnel in the center of Nice.
The park was the first council-controlled park in the Borough, and was established as a classic Victorian park in 1896.
Since then, the organization has been the main operator of city buses.
The Northeast Frontier Railway abbreviated as N.F.
The St. Croix Valley Railroad is a Class III short line railroad that operates over 36 miles of track in eastern Minnesota.
The Bakersfield and Kern Electric Railway was a streetcar company which operated between Bakersfield and Sumner, in California.
For example, in Great Britain Eurolines services are operated by National Express, in Northern Ireland by Ulsterbus, and in the Republic of Ireland by Bus Éireann.
There is also one regional commuter line planned to Sahand.
Fuzhou Metro was approved for construction on 3 June 2009.
The network comprises one line, 13.7 kilometres long, with 17 stations from Prealpino to Sant´Eufemia-Buffalora.
INRD serves Louisville, Kentucky, and the Port of Indiana on the Ohio River at Jeffersonville, Indiana, through a haulage agreement with the Louisville & Indiana Railroad.
The BRT system has two new lines and two extensions planned.
Central Railway is one of the 16 zones of Indian Railways.
It is headquartered at Bilaspur and comprises the Bilaspur and Nagpur divisions and the new Raipur division.
Metro is the third-busiest rapid transit system in the United States in number of passenger trips, after the New York City Subway and Chicago "L".
The Georgia Central Railway operates about 174 miles of former Seaboard Coast Line track from Macon, Georgia through Dublin, Georgia and Vidalia, Georgia to Savannah, Georgia.
The railroad is 13 miles long, located between Sugar Junction and Center, Colorado.
The system is fully elevated using standard-gauge tracks.
The price for a single ride is currently 2 UAH; either plastic token or transit cards are used at the entrance gates.
Klamath Northern Railway Company is a 10.6-mile shortline railroad operating from Gilchrist, Oregon to Gilchrist Jct, Oregon where is connects with Union Pacific Railroad's Cascade Subdivision.
Local officials therefore adopted the tramway as a new mode of transport.
Today, the S-Bahn covers most of the populated area of the Munich Metropolitan area of about 2.7 million inhabitants.
Arvin Transit is the operator of mass transportation in Arvin, California.
The Orient Express was a showcase of luxury and comfort at a time when travelling was still rough and dangerous.
In March 2009 it was reported that corruption allegations regarding the 1998 signing of the construction contract with Siemens were being investigated.
Another line is scheduled to enter service in 2025.
At that time, all Jetrail operations ceased.
The Spider Bridge extension to Crewe railway station.
There are projects to expand in progress and new proposals to expand the total length of the rail system to 242 kilometres.
It had a fitful start, and entered operation in 1975, three years behind schedule and at a cost 3-4 times more than had been estimated.
Service is managed by the San Joaquin Regional Rail Commission, and operations are contracted to Herzog Transit Services, using AAR assigned reporting mark HTSX.
Donetsk Railway is a railways operator in eastern Ukraine, particularly Donbas area.
By selling this land, enough money could be made to keep the railroad in business.
The Cincinnati Consolidated Railway merged with CSR in 1880:
As a result of the presence of at-grade level crossings, the Valparaíso Metro is most analogous to a light rail system.
The train loads passengers at two stations within the zoo.
Originally part of a Butlins Holiday Camp, the monorail was moved to its present location in 1974.
CTrain is a light rail transit system in Calgary, Alberta, Canada.
Erode loco shed holds WDM-2, WDM-3A, WDM-3D, WDG-3A, WDG-4, WAG-7 and WAP-4 locos and is home to the largest fleet of WAP-4 locos on Indian Railways.
SunRail is a commuter rail system in the Greater Orlando, Florida area.
At that time, increasing automobile use led to a rapid decline in laker traffic.
The railroad's principal commodities are grain, fertilizer and plastics.
The biggest opt-out providers are Minnesota Valley Transit Authority, Maple Grove Transit and Southwest Transit.
In typical interurban fashion, in open country it had its own right of way, although this was often adjacent and parallel to a road.
The Government of the State of Rio de Janeiro remains responsible for the expansion of the metro network through Rio Trilhos.
It runs from 4 a.m to 2 a.m in the night.
The Île-de-France tramways consists of a network of modern tram lines in the Île-de-France region of France.
Lviv Railways is a territorial branch company of Ukrzaliznytsia headquartered in Lviv.
In 1914, the company was incorporated as the Grand River Railway.
The aim is to increase the share of public transport in Chennai from 27% to 46% by 2026.
Important customers included GM's Reatta Craft Centre, Lansing Metal Center, and both plants of Lansing Car Assembly.
The Jaipur Metro Rail system is India's sixth metro rail system after those in Kolkata, Delhi NCR, Bangalore, Gurgaon and Mumbai.
Spread over 465 kilometres, the suburban railway operates 2,342 train services and carries more than 7.5 million commuters daily.
It operates passenger trains at the museum using a mixture of steam, internal combustion and battery-electric locomotives.
The system currently consists of five lines named M1, M2, M3, M4, and the M6 Mini-Metro.
Both signalboxes control a mix of semaphore and colour light signals with mechanically operated points.
The company name was spelt Llynvi using the Anglicised phonetic spelling popular at the time, rather than the correct Welsh Llynfi.
Coal from the Pontesford coal mines travelled in the opposite direction.
Prior to the introduction of the tramway most internal transport was by hand-cart and barrow.
The Stadtbahn carried 41.933 million passengers in 2012, which corresponds to about 114,885 passengers per day.
The Keeling Coal Company was a 19th-century coal mining company in Allegheny County, Pennsylvania.
Line 2 serves working-class residential neighborhoods extending toward the north.
The Rajpath or Rajkot BRTS is a bus rapid transit in Rajkot, Gujarat, India.
In 1978 it was sold by CCFL to a railway museum in Duluth.
Hyderabad Metro Rail is a rapid transit system, currently under construction, for the city of Hyderabad.
The company began subway construction from 1920 to 1925, but the route was abandoned due to lack of money.
The first electric tram appeared on the streets of Rijeka on November 7, 1899 and thus marked the beginnings of organised public transport in the town.
The Transbay bus service is provided under a consortium of five transit operators.
In 1991, after more than 150 years as an independent railroad, the D&H was purchased by Canadian Pacific Railway.
The Los Angeles County Metropolitan Transportation Authority operates the system.
The railroad has been owned by Gulf and Ohio Railways since 1994.
In 2016-17, 249.8 million passenger journeys were made on Sydney's bus networks.
These lines are jointly operated by both cities' transport authorities, resulting in both systems and the lines connecting them sometimes collectively referred to as Stadtbahn Rhein-Sieg.
After a series of delays, Capital MetroRail was inaugurated in March 2010.
In 2010, the State government explored the possibility of implementing a metro rail project for Kozhikode city and its suburbs.
Air-conditioned bus services started from March 2014.
The south track serves both passport controlled passengers and the general public, separated by platform dividers between the cars.
S-Bahn Mitteldeutschland represents an enlargement of the previous Leipzig-Halle S-Bahn.
The line was extended from the factory onto a pier into the Sound of Raasay.
It is estimated that it will cost up to A$1.2 billion and employ a workforce of up to 600 over a two-and-a-half year construction period.
By December 1872 it was extended to Coboconk, but financial difficulties led to the line being abandoned at this point.
The train will be on ground level as well as elevated.
The firm is a predecessor of today's publicly owned operator, the Chicago Transit Authority.
The Hagdale Chromate Railway was a 2 ft 6 in narrow gauge railway on the Isle of Unst, in the Shetland Islands.
Originally chartered and begun as the Greenville and Columbia Railroad, the line was sold under foreclosure and reorganized under the Columbia and Greenville name in 1880.
The Jacksonville Transportation Authority is the independent agency responsible for public transit in the city of Jacksonville, Florida, and roadway infrastructure that connects northeast Florida.
In 1975 the HJR built a line branch line from Ma'an to Aqaba, a port city.
The line was graded for 4 ft 8 1⁄2 in standard gauge, with the anticipation that the N&SV would be converted from 3 ft gauge.
During the planning of this bus rapid transit system, Züm was called "Acceleride".
Al Bidaoui is a rapid transit system serving Casablanca, Morocco.
Clermont-Ferrand constructed its first tram system in 1890, but in 1956 the tramway was decommissioned in favor of new bus routes.
In 1914, it was reorganized as the KCM&O Railroad.
Second-hand passenger rolling stock from Germany's DB, Italy's FS, Austria's ÖBB, and Poland's PKP is used.
The system is 1,435 mm standard gauge.
2 BEML EMU trains of 9 coaches are also operational.
Operations began in 2012 using 71.48 km.
Officially created in 1856, it spans over 1,356 km making it the largest railway division of the Southern Railways.
It operates all of the rail transport network in Belarus.
Now, this metro is run by Makkah Mass Rail Transit Company(MMRTC).
Construction was completed in 1883, and in 1891 the P&A was absorbed into the L&N, operating thereafter as the P&A Division of the latter.
The total travel time on the metro, end to end, takes 21 minutes, including all stops.
The Grand River Railway was an electric railway in what is now the Regional Municipality of Waterloo, in Southwestern Ontario.
It is one of the top five divisions of Indian Railways and its divisional and zonal headquarters are at Secunderabad.
The second line is yet to be completed and a third line is planned.
Washington, then known as "Coal Hill", begun by Jacob Beltzhoover in 1825.
His namesake was his grandfather, Abraham Kirkpatrick, a colleague of General John Neville.
The system has an annual ridership of 2.5 million passengers to date.
The entire railroad was about 12 miles in length.
By that time, the monorail ridership was low, due to a loss of novelty.
This line started as a light rail, but due to increasing numbers of commuters, it gradually changed to rapid transit or metro.
Line 2 is currently under construction with projected opening dates over the coming three years.
Victoria does not have a dominant mining base as with other states, and has traditionally been more dependent on agriculture for rail freight traffic.
Many TTC bus routes are divided into branch routes, which deviate slightly from the original route, or which terminate at different points along the route.
Delhi Light Rail Transit is a proposed light rail for national capital of India, New Delhi and Delhi region.
Never financially strong, the CA&S nevertheless continued operating through World War II before abandonment.
The San Diego Metropolitan Transit System is the public transit service provider for Central, South, Northeast and Southeast San Diego County, in the United States.
The company was organized by Harrisburg businessmen about 1900.
Various other extensions, including entirely new lines, are currently under construction.
The currently operating line runs for 10.2 kilometers, parallel to the San Pedro River, establishing a link between Las Adjuntas and Independencia Stations.
Over time, various films have been shown, including ones based around the fictional character Heidi and the Matterhorn mountain.
Sathon Line: Wongwian Yai-Sathon-Lat Phrao, lengths 20 km, crossing the river via center lane of Taksin Bridge.
The Soviet Railways) was the state owned national railway system of the Soviet Union, headquartered in Moscow.
Toronto's transport forms the hub of the road, rail and air networks in the Greater Toronto Area and much of southern Ontario.
The Clermont-Ferrand tramway is a transit system located in the city of Clermont-Ferrand in the Auvergne Region of France.
Third Avenue Railway was purchased by New York City Omnibus Corporation in 1956, and transferred the remaining transit operating franchises to subsidiary Surface Transportation, Inc.
The famous Watts Towers can be seen from the train near 103rd Street station.
The Cross River Tram scheme was proposed to relieve overcrowding on the London Underground and was due to begin operation by 2016.
The trains operate 24 hours a day on two separate lines, covering a total of six miles.
The railroad began operation in 1989 and is currently a subsidiary of Gulf and Ohio Railways.
The Kolkata Suburban Railway is a suburban rail system serving the suburbs surrounding the city of Kolkata.
The Municipality of Phnom Penh is largely responsible for overseeing the public transport in Phnom Penh.
Despite this, the network's expansion has been largely exceeded by the transportation needs of the city and is said to be overcrowded.
Besides the District of Columbia, Metro serves several jurisdictions in the states of Maryland and Virginia.
The western end of the line, from Northumberland to Beach Haven, is still in operation as the shortline North Shore Railroad.
The buses have fixed stops and partly run on dedicated lanes, avoiding other traffic.
The tram system in Gdańsk operates on 1,435 mm standard gauge track.
It initially also offered intercity services within the UK in addition to airport services.
It operates passenger trains between Beachlands and Eastoke Corner.
The Maeklong Railway is a 1,000 mm railway that runs for nearly 67 kilometres between Wongwian Yai, Bangkok, and Samut Songkhram in central Thailand.
Founded in 1974, the Prague Metro now comprises three lines, serving 61 stations, and consists of a transit network 65.2 kilometres long.
Hong Kong Tramways is a tram system in Hong Kong and one of the earliest forms of public transport in the metropolis.
Instead, Washington streetcars crossed the river on the new bridge and entered a turnaround loop within Rosslyn.
The company also engaged in limited freight handling primarily as an interchange with Spreckels' San Diego and Arizona Railway from 1923 to 1929.
In Grenada, the line connected with the Mississippi Central Railroad.
The Toulouse metro consists of two primarily underground metro lines, Lines A and B, that together serve 37 stations, and comprise 28.2 kilometres of route.
The line is approximately 250 metres long.
It is a large suburban network that crosses the city of Valencia, with all trains continuing out to far-flung suburbs.
IC cards are accepted when taking trains.
Lines 1 and 6 are conventional heavy-rail subways, while Lines 2 and 3 are heavy-capacity monorails.
The purpose of the skywalks is efficient dispersal of commuters from congested areas to strategic locations, such as bus stations, taxi stands, shopping areas, etc.
The system is being managed by the Lagos Metropolitan Area Transport Authority and is envisioned to consist eventually of seven lines.
Burlington Connector - Burlington GO Station to Downtown Burlington
Caltrain operates 92 weekday trains, 6 of which are extended to Gilroy.
Cross River Tram was a Transport for London proposal for a 10-mile tram system in London.
Old Colony trains ran from Boston to points such as Plymouth, Fall River, New Bedford, Newport, Providence, Fitchburg, Lowell and Cape Cod.
All lines operate from 5 am to midnight.
Its mainline route proved influential in the development and economic growth of the Southern Tier, including cities such as Binghamton, Elmira, and Hornell.
On 3 May 2005 Stagecoach opened a new coach station in Chesterfield for their express routes, and also for National Express services.
The Gothenburg tram network is part of the public transport system organised by Göteborgs spårvägar, controlled by Västtrafik in the Swedish city of Gothenburg.
In 1903 it passed along with the SH&E to the Pere Marquette Railway, which finally abandoned the line in 1941.
A total of 2,500,000 trips were made in the first year of operation.
It was founded by units of the Crimean Directorate of Ukrainian Cisdnieper Railways in 2014 following the 2014 Russian annexation of Crimea.
The Peekskill Lighting and Railroad Company was a streetcar transit line operating in northern Westchester County and southern Putnam County.
Railway, is one of the 17 railway zones in India.
While once a number of African cities had traditional electric tram systems, all but the Alexandria Tram were discontinued.
CP operates D&H under its subsidiary Soo Line Corporation which also operates Soo Line Railroad.
Phase One, which consists of the Red, Yellow, and Green lines, opened in 2014.
KMBS has a fleet of 300 modern low floor A/c and Non A/c buses that serve a large part of the sprawling city.
region 8 in the lower North Shore and Northern Beaches
It is located near U.S. Route 101 on the South Fork of the Eel River 1 mile north-northwest of Piercy, at an elevation of 541 feet.
had been harvested, the transportation needs of the local area served by the Manistique & Lake Superior declined.
It is planned to expand the Bursaray system to a 50-kilometer network in the future.
D&H has also been known as "North America's oldest continually operated transportation company."
The East Berlin U-Bahn lines from West Berlin were severed, except for two West Berlin lines that ran through East Berlin.
Future extensions have been proposed to the Uptown area, home to the University of Cincinnati, the regional hospitals, and the Cincinnati Zoo; and to Northern Kentucky.
The frequency of the service is 4 trains an hour between Norrköping and Mjölby in peak hours, with 2 going to Motala and 2 to Tranås.
As of October 2016, PATH had an average weekday ridership of 276,417.
The system consists of over 1,000 bicycles distributed over 18 stations that are strategically located near points of attraction in the city.
It crossed the entire width of the Borrough of West Elizabeth, passing over the Pittsburgh, Virginia and Charleston Railway.
Five stations were built in Juazeiro do Norte, and four in Crato.
The remaining transit routes were operated with buses and the franchise would be reorganized as the Utica Transit Corporation in 1948.
Like typical government projects - its status is not made public.
It is responsible for operating Perth’s urban passenger rail system, as part of the Transperth network.
Passenger business declined starting before the Great Depression and particularly during it.
As part of the Sri Lankan government, it is overseen by the Ministry of Transport.
The Western Pacific Railroad was a Class I railroad in the United States.
Once the P&A was created, De Funiak was named president of the new road, and Chipley became its vice president and general superintendent.
Stations are located throughout the boroughs of Manhattan, Brooklyn, Queens, and the Bronx.
The Viação Itapemirim S.A. is a Brazilian passenger road transport company.
The line was delayed due to a change of the line's route from Los Angeles International Airport to El Segundo.
The production оf the Sestroretsk armory was originally transported to Saint Petersburg along the coast, by road.
The Panhandle and Santa Fe Railway is a now-defunct railroad company that was a subsidiary of the Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Railway.
The Wuppertal Suspension Railway is a suspension railway in Wuppertal, Germany.
Passengers can also buy tickets at the ticket booth, just by the gates to the metro.
Kobe Municipal Subway is a subway system in Kobe, Hyogo Prefecture, Japan.
Oy Matkahuolto Ab's subsidiaries include TRIM-softa Oy, an ICT company, and 11 property companies.
Moscow Railway is a subsidiary of Russian Railways that handles half of Russia's suburban railway operations and a quarter of the country's passenger traffic.
The first phase is being set up at an estimated cost of ₹51.81 billion.
The first line, R1, has 9 stations, will be 26.4 km in length, and will cost CN¥12 billion.
The government had handed over the Kozhikode Monorail project to the KMCL prior to that.
The Trolley's operator, San Diego Trolley, Inc., is a subsidiary of the San Diego Metropolitan Transit System.
Pune Metro is a metro rail based rapid transit system under construction to serve the city of Pune, India.
The driverless light metro supplements the larger S-train rapid transit system, and is integrated with DSB local trains and Movia buses.
The line opened in September 2003, and was constructed by the Otis Elevator Company.
The Toulouse tramway is a two-line tram system in Toulouse, Midi-Pyrénées, France, and operates from Toulouse to the suburb of Beauzelle, passing through Blagnac.
The Uintah Railway was a small 3 ft narrow gauge railroad company in Utah and Colorado in the United States.
It would also make connections with the proposed Hurontario-Main LRT and GO Transit's Milton line.
As of July 2017, the tram is out of service, following an accident in August 2016, with a replacement bus service operating.
TransMilenio is a bus rapid transit system that serves Bogotá, the capital of Colombia.
In July 2013, along with Corkscrew and Grand Prix Fun Kart, the Genting monorail service ceased operations.
In 1984, Oy Matkahuolto Ab moved to a new place of business in Lauttasaari in Helsinki.
In addition, its services are marketed and sold through agents at more than 400 localities.
A Dual Lane for Mixed Traffic of Width 7.0m is provided on either side of the BRTS corridor.
The Agra Metro is a proposed Mass Rapid Transit System in the city of Agra, India..
The Arnaud then takes the trains to the Consolidated Thompson's dock at Pointe-Noire, Quebec.
Tickets are not valid on bus services operated by Vienna Airport Lines and the City Airport Train express train.
The Madrid Metro operates every day from 6 am until 1:30 am.
Havelbus, or Havelbus Verkehrsgesellschaft mbH, is the largest bus operating company in Brandenburg, Germany, serving the areas of Potsdam, Potsdam-Mittelmark and Havelland.
Construction started soon after the release of the study, and the first line opened in 1979.
Ford GoBike is a regional public bicycle sharing system in the San Francisco Bay Area, California.
The Georgia Woodlands Railroad operates 17.3 miles of track between Washington, Georgia, and Barnett, Georgia.
The Oregon Portage Railroad was the first railroad in the U.S. state of Oregon.
The Mississippi and Tennessee Railroad was an American railroad constructed in the 1850s, connecting Memphis, Tennessee with Grenada, Mississippi.
However, as of late 2012 these films are no longer displayed.
Its route is 1.5 miles in length and encircles most of the park, with train stations in three different park areas.
All the routes meet up at Hobujaama in the city centre.
deposit, is maintained by unemployed citizens through municipal work programs and is partially funded through advertising.
The Erie Railroad repair shops were located in Hornell, and were Hornell's largest employer.
The Atlantic City Railroad was a Philadelphia and Reading Railway subsidiary that became part of Pennsylvania-Reading Seashore Lines in 1933.
Sentosa Express is a monorail line connecting Sentosa island to HarbourFront on the Singapore mainland across the waters.
The Michigan AuSable Valley Railroad is a 16-inch-gauge, 1/4-scale ridable miniature railway, located in Fairview, Michigan.
Poorly capitalized, the line failed in 1918 and was scrapped.
They also offer Dial-a-ride service to disabled passenger in all service areas, and to the general public in areas where there is no scheduled fixed-route service.
The Company promoted a number of branches, through the medium of nominally independent companies.
The system operated for exactly 50 years, until April 15, 1936, when it was retired in a big ceremony and replaced by buses.
After buying a large number of Rodi’s shares, Luc Sabbatini became PBSC’s majority stockholder and current CEO.
Six railway lines branch out from this railway station.
Glušica Nikšić is an intercity bus company based in Nikšić, Montenegro.
The network serves around 44 million passengers per year.
The line was constructed by the English contractors Peto, Brassey and Betts, who undertook to raise the capital required in London if they obtained the contract.
The fare for the 90-second trip is 150 yen.
KMRT is operated by the Kaohsiung Rapid Transit Corporation under the BOT contract the company signed with the Kaohsiung City Government.
Critics of the scheme attacked the disruption caused by roadworks to accommodate the vehicles and the impact of changes to the road network.
The Palm Jumeirah Monorail is a monorail line on the Palm Jumeirah island in Dubai, United Arab Emirates.
There is plan to increase the fleet size by 48 non-AC buses and 12 air-conditioned buses on selected routes.
The railroad was part of the Pinsly Railroad Company after 1957 before being purchased by RailTex in 1997.
The three lines shared the use of "Amtrak California" branded Thruway buses and trainsets.
It is owned by London Trams, an arm of Transport for London, and operated by FirstGroup.
The railroad was incorporated on April 22, 1904.
The system consists of three operational lines numbered from 1 to 3.
The busiest and most profitable were the bus stations of Helsinki and other big cities.
With the coming of the railroad many new towns were established.
In 1899 president Andrew Radel formed a company that was intended to control the world's oyster trade.
The line was opened on June 15, 1992, by the city's mayor; a second opening ceremony was held on July 1, 1992.
The project is commonly known as the Kawasaki Municipal Subway.
Metrorail, colloquially called the Metro, is the heavy rail rapid transit system of Miami and Miami-Dade County, Florida.
A new line from Wonju to Gangneung is under construction to serve the 2018 Winter Olympics in Pyeongchang.
Hanshin Electric Railway Co., Ltd. is a Japanese private railway company of Hankyu Hanshin Toho Group that links Osaka and Kobe.
The Zagreb tram network, run by the Zagrebački električni tramvaj, consists of 15 day and 4 night lines in Zagreb, Croatia.
The Potomac, Fredericksburg, and Piedmont Railroad was a 3 ft narrow gauge short-line railroad in central Virginia that operated between Fredericksburg and Orange, Virginia.
There are three coloured main lines on the tube maps.
The extensions proposed for Phase 2 would add a new northern terminus at DeLand and four more stations southward, terminating at Poinciana in Osceola County.
The main line, connecting Brașov with the northwestern city Satu Mare, passes through the important cities Sfântu Gheorghe, Miercurea Ciuc, Dej, Jibou and Baia Mare.
It is operated by Metrô-DF and was opened in 2001.
The Miami Seaquarium Spacerail was a monorail at Miami Seaquarium.
The Electric Tramways Committee put forward a parliamentary bill to that effect.
Historic steam and diesel locomotives and a variety of restored coaches are used to run passenger services on the railroad.
The primary aim is to reduce vehicle traffic within the city.
It began operation during August 2014, but the original Burnet/Manchaca Route 3 remained in service at slightly reduced frequency.
The south eastern railways uses both 9 and 12 coaches emu made by Jessop and ICF.
Sakhalin Railway was a subsidiary of the Russian Railways from 1992 until 2010, when it was made part of the Far Eastern Railway.
It is a subsidiary of Transit Systems.
Mountain Goat is a bus operator and travel company based in Windermere in the Lake District.
The railroad line suffered considerable damage during the American Civil War.
The corridor is fully equipped with free high-speed Wi-Fi internet service for commuters, provided by Free As Air.
Sound Transit was created in 1993 by King, Pierce and Snohomish counties to build a regional rapid transit system.
The Toronto Transit Commission uses buses and other vehicles for public transportation.
The transit franchises were succeeded by the Greater Bridgeport Transportation Authority soon after.
The land used for the line was generally flat so there were no engineering difficulties and only three roads required the provision of bridges.
Passenger and DMU services not only operate in Delhi, but extend up to Rewari district in Haryana.
The Disney Resort Line, officially called Dizunī Rizōto Rain-sen, is an automated monorail in Japan, which operates between Maihama Station and the Tokyo Disney Resort.
The Laurinburg and Southern Railroad is a short-line railroad operating in North Carolina.
The monorail is owned by the city of Kitakyushu, and did not begin to make a profit until the extension to Kokura station was completed.
It is headquartered in Franklin Township just outside the Kent city limits.
The Billerica and Bedford Railroad was an early narrow gauge railroad in Massachusetts, built to demonstrate the advantages of a 2 ft gauge railroad.
There is also a branch line to the capital Tirana.
The city and the Ministry of Railways worked together in building metro lines and high speed commuter rail lines.
It currently has five lines, 108 stations, and 103 kilometres of revenue route.
Lucas Oil Rail Line is a short line railway that operates in Harrison County, Indiana between Corydon Junction and Corydon, a distance of 7.7 miles.
It was operated by Cambria Iron Company and its successor Bethlehem Steel until 1935, when it was sold to the borough of Westmont.
Swift has the highest ridership of any Community Transit route, carrying over 1.6 million total passengers on the Blue Line in 2015.
The Danbury and Bethel Street Railway faced its first financial difficulties in 1914 as ridership declined with the closure of local factories.
It is sometimes conflated with the earlier Woosung Road, whose route it principally shared.
It is also run in partnership with Deutsche Bahn and the Société nationale des chemins de fer français and its sponsors.
OYBike was a bicycle sharing scheme in west London, Reading, Farnborough and Cardiff in the United Kingdom.
A future extension of the West-East line, north along the Var valley, is proposed.
and consists of a single, multi-line 46.
The decision for Monorail is taken because of increase in number of vehicles in town causing too much traffic problems.
A second route, MetroRapid Burnet/South Lamar, serves a total of 34 stations between The Domain and Westgate.
The line was originally known as the Glasgow District Subway, but was later renamed Glasgow Subway Railway.
It is operated by Gruppo Torinese Trasporti, a public company controlled by the municipality of Turin.
The line was closed in 1947, but the section between Nong Pla Duk and Nam Tok was reopened ten years later in 1957.
It is the 17th city in China to operate a rapid transit system.
Caltrain has 29 regular stops, one football-only stop, and two weekend-only stops.
and work is proposed to be started in aug 2017
The headquarters were moved from Donetsk to Lyman.
The western section of line 4 opened in July 2016, thus completing the loop it makes around the city.
It is the first monorail in the Middle East.
This network unified existing regional transport in Bremen as well as surrounding cities, including Bremerhaven, Delmenhorst, Twistringen, Nordenham, Oldenburg, and Verden an der Aller.
The company was originally formed in 1887, under the name Bakersfield and Sumner Railroad.
The Rio de Janeiro Bus Rapid Transit forms an important part of the public transport system in the city of Rio de Janeiro in Brazil.
While the cable cars are used to a certain extent by commuters, the vast majority of their 7 million annual passengers are tourists.
Current plans call for some Dongguan Metro lines to eventually connect with the neighbouring Shenzhen and Guangzhou Metros.
Construction of the new line began in July 2008.
The ICC found that Atlantic and North Carolina rightfully resumed operation of the line after the default.
The line was further abandoned from Billerica Depot to Bennett Hall about 1980.
BusCaracas is a bus rapid transit system that serves Caracas, the capital of Venezuela.
The 439 serves an average of 7,000 daily passengers on an average weekday.
Patna Metro is a planned rapid transit system for the City of Patna in Bihar, India.
New York City Subway, a rapid transit system in Manhattan, The Bronx, Brooklyn, and Queens.
Service is provided in the morning and evening peak hours, with no service during midday, and buses operate on weekdays only.
The Columbia and Greenville Railroad was a South Carolina railroad that operated in the late 19th century.
90 million passengers are transported annually, of which 52 million by tram.
DSB also operates some trains in Sweden.
In between these two sections lay the Alps.
Diakofto Kalavrita Railway was also constructed by SPAP, but at a smaller gauge.
It offered views not only of the Seaquarium exhibits and buildings, but also of the Miami skyline.
With intermediate stops at Venus and Mars, the railroad was often called the Celestial Railroad.
The Métro léger de Tunis is an expanding public transportation network for the Tunis area that was started in 1985.
The entire passenger line is guided, and in normal service the vehicles are powered by electricity drawn from an overhead wire through a pantograph.
The main line, connecting Bucharest with the Black Sea coast at Mangalia, passes through Feteşti, Medgidia and Constanţa.
Between May 2016 and May 2017, TfL Rail carried over 47 million passengers.
It is mostly underground and 214 kilometres long.
Khurda Road Railway Division is one of the three divisions of East Coast Railway Zone of the Indian Railways.
Most services are separately funded and operated by individual cities and suburbs in the greater Phoenix region.
Today streetcars, car barns, trackage, stations and right-of-way of the system still exist in various states of usage.
The railway is operated by a small group of volunteers.
MRT Purple Line will connect Bang Sue with Nonthaburi in the northwest, and will be the first public transit line outside the Bangkok Metropolitan Administration.
The Toledo and Ohio Central Railway was a railway company in the U.S. state of Ohio.
There are 80 bus lines serving Baltimore's public transportation needs, along with other services that include the Light Rail, Metro Subway, and MARC Train.
the operational Trillium Line, using lightweight diesel-powered train sets
The streetcar at the beginning of the 20th century can be considered as predecessor of the 21st century Medellín Metro.
The line was worked by the London and North Western Railway, which absorbed the Buckinghamshire Railway in 1879.
AirTrain is a fully automated people mover at San Francisco International Airport.
The system's average weekday daily ridership as of Q4 2015 is 33,400 passengers; the greatest daily average recorded over a month was 37,536 in June 2008.
Durango depot was built in January 1882 and has been preserved in original form.
The fully elevated 2.1-kilometre two-way line and three out of four stations opened on 15 January 2007.
MARC Train Service, known prior to 1984 as Maryland Rail Commuter, is a commuter rail system comprising three lines in the Baltimore-Washington Metropolitan Area.
Construction of line 1 began in 1999, with the inauguration of Line 1 taking place on 24 April 2011.
The Bursaray metro opened for passenger service on 24 April 2002.
Some of the northern suburbs of Johannesburg are now served by the new Gautrain rapid-rail system.
Mail or express trains, the most common types, run at an average speed of 50.9 km/hr.
Created in 1977, it is responsible for the transport, by bus, of 5 million people in the Greater São Paulo area.
The service is currently managed by Azienda Mobilità e Trasporti, which provides public transport for the city of Genoa.
OnTrack was a suburban rail line that operated in Syracuse, New York from 1994 to 2008.
The line will be owned by the Ringby-Letbanesamarbejdet, which is a collaboration between the municipalities in the impact area of the line.
There will be three types of run – on road, on bridges, and underground in some locations.
It has 16 stops in the northbound direction and 17 stops in the southbound direction.
The system carries 1.331 million passengers daily, accounting for 46.7% of Kiev's public transport load.
Its route – still primarily rural as late as the turn of the century – now forms part of the Shanghai Metro's elevated Line 3.
Recently, the transportation system has been facing problems due to the its reduced fleet and lack of maintenance.
Lavalin Skytrain is a cancelled rapid transit in Bangkok, planned since 1984, during Prem Tinsulanonda politic.
Hogg reorganized the railroad as the Willamette Valley & Coast Railroad, and ground was first broken in Corvallis on May 17, 1877.
The North Eastern Railway is one of the 16 railway zones in India.
The streetcar line originally operated from Union Station to Methodist Dallas Medical Center, but an extension to the Bishop Arts District opened on August 29, 2016.
Four more lines are planned to be constructed in the near future, for a total of six.
Under the railroad's new name, more track was laid and it eventually reached Rockmart, Georgia before being sold to Cherokee Iron Company in 1879.
It consists of one 8.8-km-long line, the Gråkallen Line, running from St. Olav's Gate in the city centre through Byåsen to Lian Station in Bymarka.
The Bareilly Metro is a rapid transit system planned in the Indian city of Bareilly, Uttar Pradesh.
It consists of three subway lines, the Kūkō, or Airport Line, the Hakozaki Line and the Nanakuma Line).
With the Metro, Montreal has built one of North America's largest urban rapid transit schemes, attracting the second-highest ridership per capita behind New York City.
Together the lines totaled 42.4 miles and the railroad was controlled by Richard Abernathy.
The MDT headquarters are located in the Overtown Transit Village in Downtown Miami.
Construction on the KMRy began in 1905 and the railway ceased operations in 1913.
The existing network still cannot adequately meet the city's mass transit needs.
It operates several local routes including circulator and suburban routes in Kent, and an interurban route connecting Ravenna, Kent, and Stow.
The purpose of this railroad was to allow transport of cotton bales to a new wharf on the Tennessee River.
The system is characterized by narrow gauge metre gauge) track.
Proastiakos Thessaloniki is the Proastiakos rail service commuting to Thessaloniki, Greece.
The second line, which opened in April 2013, is meant to relieve the congestion along the Duarte-Kennedy-Centenario Corridor in the city from west to east.
It has been operated by Keolis Bordeaux since 1 May 2009.
Not until 1888 did the CO complete its objective, but after the First Balkan War in 1912, the railway was limited to only Eastern Thrace.
A graded, unpaved trail, the Haywire is sub-standard for bicycle use.
The Boston and Lowell Railroad used most of the B&B roadbed to extend its Lexington Branch in May 1885.
It was designed by Eugen Langen, who earlier designed the Wuppertal Suspension Railway, a more extensive suspension railway in Wuppertal.
The Uzbekistan Railways are the national rail carrier of Uzbekistan.
Interchange from the Metro to the Monorail and vice versa is free for 90 minutes since entering the Metro or Monorail.
It was destroyed during the Second World War to prevent its use by the Japanese.
It is the second rapid transit system in Iran.
The Jakarta Monorail was a terminated monorail network project in Jakarta, Indonesia.
Until 2014 they were mainly operated as push–pull trains with double-deck coaches.
The local streetcars were discontinued in 1948 and the commuter trains to San Francisco were discontinued in 1958.
The railway and associated RV park host over 30,000 visitors annually.
It has been open since 15 November 1955.
Originally locomotives and carriages had royal blue livery.
In her ownership Lasta has 35% of Panonijabus.
The organization was created on July 1, 2003 by the Florida Legislature and enacted by the Florida Department of Transportation.
The government of Madagascar has granted Madarail a 25-year concession to operate the northern of the two national rail lines.
The Helsinki Metro, is a rapid transit system serving Helsinki, Finland.
In 1920 SPAP was briefly nationalized as part of the Hellenic State Railways but it became an independent company again two years later.
It was established in 1956 and is headquartered in Aleppo.
"Tengri Unitrade CARGO" recently pioneered a new system that microwaves tank wagons to help extract heavy oil residues.
There are 244 railway stations in the PZ system.
A recreational rail trail, the Brisbane Valley Rail Trail, has been built over much of the railway.
The railroad survived the Civil War and merged with the Indianola Railroad into the Gulf, Western Texas and Pacific Railway in 1871.
The primary purpose of this railroad was to serve several slate mines and finishing houses in Monson.
It ran from Glenwood Junction to Washington, Pennsylvania, a distance of 34 miles.
As of 2014, the buses carried 5,000 passengers per day with 25 Buses in operation.
Investors in Ferrocarril Central Andino include RDC, Juan Olaechea & Company, Minas Buenaventura, ADR Inversiones, and Inversiones Andino.
On the Italian side the line was transferred to the Piedmont State Railway.
The monorail line currently has six stations.
With a total track length of 906 miles, it was the longest 3 ft 6 in narrow gauge railway system in North America.
The Expo Line and Millennium Line are operated by British Columbia Rapid Transit Company under contract from TransLink, a regional government transportation agency.
The Tehran Metro is a rapid transit system serving Tehran, the capital of Iran.
Steam engine operation requires more volunteer assistance than diesel operation, due to the extraordinary amount of skill and expertise required to operate steam locomotives.
Photography and video-taking is permitted across the whole network and street photographers often work in Athens Metro.
After Avinashi road, the project road turns left from Stanes School and passes along Dr.Nanjappa road and joins at Dr. Rajendra Prasad Road.
It will be operated by Grand River Transit, supplementing and partially replacing its existing iXpress bus service.
In 1991, the Seaquarium was to be expanded.
The strategy, led by Urban Strategies Inc. of Toronto, consulted hundreds of individuals and stakeholders from Cambridge, Kitchener, and Waterloo.
The Red Line and Green Line are operational, with three further lines planned.
In Japan, the system was licensed by a consortium formed between Niigata Engineering and Sumitomo Corporation for similar deployments there.
The Red Line, which is one of six lines forming the Metro Rail rapid transit system, opened in stages between 1993 and 2000.
It is the third largest Metro company in Spain by number of passengers carried behind the Madrid and Barcelona metro systems.
When put to a vote the citizens of Hamilton County rejected the proposal by nearly a 2-to-1 ratio, 68.4% to 31.6%.
Pittsburgh Railways was one of the predecessors of the Port Authority of Allegheny County.
A new financing method for bus stations was developed in 1954.
The metro has an average daily ridership of 315,000 passengers.
The Karachi Metrobus project was inaugurated on 25 February 2016 and is expected to begin operation by February 2017.
The Ruislip Lido Railway is a 12 in gauge miniature railway around Ruislip Lido in Ruislip, 14 miles west of central London.
Construction work on the Trafford Park Line extension from Pomona to the Trafford Centre commenced in early 2017 with an estimated operational date of 2020/21.
The Eagle Lake and West Branch Railroad was a forest railway built to transfer pulpwood between drainage basins in the Maine North Woods.
Indian Railways is a [[State owned national transporter, responsible for rail transport in India.
The Southwold Railway was a narrow gauge railway line between Halesworth and Southwold in the English county of Suffolk.
The equipment was removed form storage and used to create a new railway at Skegness which opened in 3rd May 2009.
The Glyn Valley Tramway was a narrow gauge railway that ran through the Ceiriog Valley in north-east Wales, connecting Chirk with Glyn Ceiriog in Denbighshire.
It connects with CSX Transportation and the Norfolk Southern Railway.
The stations and bicycles are owned by the government and operated in a public-private partnership with RACV.
gauge Chicago Tunnel Company continued underground operation as a common carrier freight subway until 1959.)
The Stadtbahn began service on 28 September 1985.
Trackage between Chama and Durango was removed by 1971.
Since the first tender in 2011, conditions have been watered down several times and tenders have lapsed thrice failing to attract bidders.
Rapid transit on Brant Street would provide connections to GO Transit's Lakeshore West line, and the proposed Dundas Street BRT.
The Welsh Assembly Government provided £2.2m in funding to help launch the scheme.
The seaward terminus had warehouses on the cliff-top at Invertote.
The Tren Urbano consists of 16 stations operating on 10.7 miles of track along a single line.
Three lines are currently proposed to connect the busiest and most populous city districts.
In 2003, Kalamazoo Metro Transit carried riders on more than three million trips.
A TGV test train set the record for the fastest wheeled train, reaching 574.8 km/h on 3 April 2007.
Currently, normal bus fares apply to NightRide journeys.
Despite Reports to the contrary, the BSFSR will be operating for the 2017 tourist season.
Earthworks along the route of the extension still exist in Bury Field, and plaques exist detailing the history of the failed project.
In planning are more stations between Zagreb Central station and Dugo Selo.
The track is elevated for almost its entire length to allow continued farming and grazing of the land occupied.
No compensation or reparations have been provided to Southeast Asian victims.
It is operated by the Société de transport de Montréal.
SkyTrain has the world's longest cable-supported transit-only bridge, known as SkyBridge, to cross the Fraser River.
A mandatory helmet law was cited as reason.
The Coimbatore Bus Rapid Transit System is a proposed bus rapid transit project for the city of Coimbatore under the JNNURM scheme.
Currently all Norfolk and Portsmouth Belt Line locomotives are provided by Norfolk Southern Corporation.
Kolkata Monorail is a rail-based transit project planned for the Indian city of Kolkata.
The plans for the light metro were abandoned in favor of the reconstruction of the railway.
Thiruvananthapuram Metro Rail is a proposed Metro rail system in the city of Thiruvananthapuram, the capital of the Indian state of Kerala.
It is unlikely services will ever resume as a publicly run system, although some privately-chartered services occasionally run.
There were only 70 passengers on the final stage of the journey.
The Delhi Bus Rapid Transit System is a bus rapid transit in Delhi.
The "blue" name was a reference to the paint scheme worn by most buses of the consortium.
It was one of the last tramways in regular use to use wooden rails covered in iron sheaths.
Since 1969, 200 million euros have been invested annually in the extension of the Vienna U-Bahn.
The tracks connect Lahaina with Puukolii, stopping briefly at Kaanapali.
The system is among several new public transport developments in the region ahead of the city's successful bid for the 2016 Summer Olympics.
The railroad runs through the scenic Huron National Forest and the Comins Creek Valley.
the under-construction Confederation Line, which will replace the central part of the Transitway with electrically-operated light rail vehicles
The network consists of 70 km of track, with two lines and 24 stations in operation.
The Midland Terminal Railway was a short line terminal railroad running from the Colorado Midland Railway near Divide to Cripple Creek, Colorado.
The Philadelphia Transportation Company was the main public transit operator in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, from 1940 to 1968.
The route runs for 16 miles through lush countryside in the Big South Fork National River and Recreation Area.
The service was inaugurated on November 6, 2006 and is operated by Semitan.
When completed, the core system will comprise eight high-capacity metro railway lines, spanning a total of 200 kilometres, and serviced by 169 stations.
The Expo Line largely follows the right-of-way of the former Pacific Electric Santa Monica Air Line.
Birmingham Terminal Railway is a subsidiary of Watco Companies, operator of several short-line railroad companies.
The Leeds Supertram was a proposed light rail/tram system in Leeds and West Yorkshire in England.
The infrastructure is owned by the South Yorkshire Passenger Transport Executive, with Stagecoach operating and maintaining the trams.
Coach services are contracted to private operators.
Pronto Cycle Share, branded as Pronto!, was a bicycle sharing system in Seattle, Washington.
The Delhi Monorail is a proposed monorail system for the city of Delhi that will operate as Delhi Metro rail lines.
Daejeon Subway Line 1 is a subway line in Daejeon, South Korea.
One trolley route ended at the Cloverdale neighborhood.
BRTS had to start operation in December 2015.
The Tybee Railroad was a US railroad that operated from 1887 to 1933.
The company went bankrupt and was liquidated in June 1878.
In 2007, a decision was made to open the first line in 2014, with the project now consisting of four stations initially instead of three.
The Beijing Subway is owned by the city of Beijing and has two operators.
The estimated busiest day for Metra ridership occurred on Nov. 4, 2016—the day of the Chicago Cubs 2016 World Series victory rally.
The service uses the existing track of the Nashville and Eastern Railroad.
Delhi Sarai Rohilla railway station, is situated about 4 km from old Delhi railway junction in India.
Two mainline termini and four through mainline railway stations in the central area form the Manchester station group.
In addition, two people mover lines also serve the Kobe area: the Port Island Line and the Rokko Island Line.
The first cutbacks came in 1924, followed by the closure of the Putnam Valley extension in 1925.
The ICR in turn was controlled by Canadian Government Railways from 1915-1918 and was merged into the Canadian National Railways or CNR in 1918.
The total system consists of 4 corridors covering a distance of 61.42 km.
At Blaenau Ffestiniog it made a direct connection with the Festiniog Railway with which it was closely associated during its fifteen-year life.
Its headquarters is at Fairley Place, Kolkata and comprises four divisions: Howrah, Malda, Sealdah, and Asansol.
As planned, Line 1 commenced services on 26 December 2013 and Line 2 commenced services on 19 August 2016.
The Eureka & Palisade Railroad was a 3 ft narrow gauge railroad constructed in 1873-1875 between Palisade and Eureka, Nevada, a distance of approximately 85 miles.
Ottawa Rapid Transit is a public transport system serving Ottawa, Ontario, Canada.
The Monongahela Freight Incline was a funicular railway that scaled Mount Washington in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, United States.
The mainline of the CORP is 389 miles.
However, this plan was scrapped due to lack of funds by the centre and only funds were raised for the Amritsar BRTS.
The system comprises three underground rapid transit lines.
The MBTA Commuter Rail system serves as the commuter rail arm of the Massachusetts Bay Transportation Authority's transportation coverage of Greater Boston in the United States.
Connecticut Railway and Lighting was leased to the Consolidated Railway and in turn the Connecticut Company between 1906 and 1936.
The Salisbury and Yeovil Railway linked Salisbury, Gillingham and Yeovil in England.
It was the first monorail in England.
It became the West Chester Branch of the Pennsylvania Railroad.
It is administered by the Generalidad of Catalonia and operated by the national rail operator Renfe Operadora.
The Burnhope Reservoir railway was an industrial narrow gauge railway built to serve the construction of Burnhope Reservoir near Weardale.
As of December 2011 the railway has about 5400 feet of main line track down.
It had a unique 10 ft broad gauge that would allow vehicles, as well as passengers to ascend and descend the hill.
As of November 2014 it has 93 stops, with another line to the Trafford Centre also envisaged.
The remaining track around Peekskill was closed in 1926.
In 2015, the metro system carried a total of 720 million annual riders.
On June 27, 2005, the railroad applied with the Surface Transportation Board to abandon most of its line.
When Sargent Sand ceased mining operations, the railway fell into disuse.
The railroad and its car ferry ceased operations in July 1968.
The Rome Metro is an underground public transportation system that operates in Rome, Italy.
Park's Motor Group is a coach operator and car dealer based in Hamilton, South Lanarkshire Scotland.
The two companies merged to form the Glasgow and South Western Railway.
In 1862 ECR was merged with a number of other companies to form the Great Eastern Railway.
Its network was entirely within what in 1922 became the Irish Free State.
RTD currently operates a bus and rail system that has a service area of 2,337 square miles.
Both of these initiatives were the result of the activities of private companies in which German manufacturers dominated.
The agency's head office is in Grand-Lancy, Lancy.
Wiener Linien are the company running the largest part of the public transit network in the city of Vienna, Austria.
The trolleybus system is the second-oldest in South America.
The PATH is operated by, and named after, the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey.
Carrying passengers and cargo, the original line was operated by the Missouri Pacific Railroad, with the first line from the Sarpy County line into Downtown Omaha.
Uniquely, the cars could move sideways, as well as backwards and forwards.
It replaced the earlier, shorter, 15 in gauge Sand Hutton Miniature Railway that was built in 1914.
In 1988 the Southern Pacific was taken over by D&RGW parent Rio Grande Industries.
The network is complemented by the 7.4 km long Premetro line, and the 26 km long Urquiza suburban line, with 17 more stations in total.
Initially using horses, the line was partially converted to use steam engines and then electricity, using a battery-powered Julien electric traction car.
Metrorail Western Cape is a network of commuter and suburban rail services in and around the metropolitan area of Cape Town, South Africa.
The fully grade-separated route runs partly in the median of the Century Freeway with a mostly elevated section to the west.
It is owned and operated by the Government of India through the Ministry of Railways.
The system is largely linear in a north-south direction, with one terminus just north of Pittsburgh's central business district and two termini in the South Hills.
It runs through ten federal subjects: Rostov Oblast, Krasnodar Krai, Stavropol Krai, Republic of Adygeya, Karachay–Cherkessia, North Ossetia, Ingushetia, Chechnya, Dagestan, and Kalmykia.
Construction on extending Line 3 started in 2014.
The system was intended to be used during the 2014 Winter Olympics.
It opened to mineral and goods traffic in 1875.
The Kettering Ironstone Railway was an industrial 3 ft narrow gauge railway that served the ironstone quarries around Kettering.
Subsequently, three 'bendy buses' were brought back into use, transferring students from the main Swansea University campus on Oystermouth Road to the new Bay Campus.
It will be of 48 km in length.
The Hedjaz Jordan Railway still operates today between the Jordan/Syria border, through Amman to Irbid.
Subsequent routes were built to Okolona, Orell, and Fern Creek.
The system opened to the public in September 2014, covering Ta Khmao and Chbar Ampov.
More than twenty trains including Duronto and AC trains originate at this station.
Despite the Yaquina City being insured, Hogg had just lost his biggest source of income and could not immediately replace the steamer.
The company operated its first 6-mile line west from Charleston, South Carolina in 1830.
When completed, the line of railroad extended approximately 40 miles between Alexandria, Louisiana and Bayou Hauffpaur near Cheneyville, Louisiana.
In downtown Baltimore, it uses city streets.
It is located beside Niagara Falls at the Horseshoe Falls.
The Maryland Transit Administration is a state-operated mass transit administration in Maryland, and is part of the Maryland Department of Transportation.
Passengers can transfer to the Line 2 at Doroteo Jose station, while passengers can transfer to the Line 3 at EDSA and North Avenue stations.
Plans include fleet expansion - to approximately 200,000 freight wagons - and aggressive pricing to increase market share.
It was publicly opened in 1975 to provide food to seniors, and in 1978, the transportation services started.
Commuter rail lines such as the Chengdu–Dujiangyan Intercity Railway are operated by Chengdu City Commuter Railway Limited Liability Company.
The Leek and Manifold Valley Light Railway was a narrow gauge railway in Staffordshire, England that operated between 1904 and 1934.
PARTA operates a fleet of Orion VII and Gillig Advantage low-floor buses and Gillig Phantom high-floor buses.
A successful trial run was conducted in May 2013, and the system's first line entered into operation on 8 June 2014.
The system is administered by the state government.
It is also one of the world's few commuter systems that runs 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, year-round.
Lanzhou Metro is a rapid transit system under construction in Lanzhou, Gansu.
NCTD owns 62 mi of mainline track, as well as the 22 mi Escondido Branch that has been used by the SPRINTER since 2008.
It was planned to start service in late spring of 2014, but was delayed.
The first line was planned to open in 2014 but was delayed to 2016 due to archaeological excavations.
Since then, both lines have been extended and split into different branches.
Its cost has been initially estimated at USD 2.53 bn and it is projected to open in 2025.
The Montreal Metro is a rubber-tired, underground rapid transit system and the main form of public transport in the city of Montreal, Quebec, Canada.
It would later merge into the Burlington Northern Railroad in 1981.
In 1994 the line was extended with an 8 km stretch between Minkiö and Humppila.
The core of the system is the Passante, an underground railway running through the city, serving most SFM lines.
As of 2005, the railway employs 112,173 people.
The Blue Line passes near the cities of Vernon, Huntington Park, South Gate, Lynwood, and Carson.
The chief goods transported were coal, building materials, lime, manure, corn and seeds.
It includes the construction of a twin rail tunnel to travel from South Kensington station to South Yarra.
The name of the company was changed to Atlantic, Tennessee and Ohio Railroad Company in North Carolina on February 23, 1861.
As of 2009 the railway, which has its headquarters near Komsomolskaya Square in Moscow, employed 73 600 people.
Renamed as the Virginia Central Railroad in 1850, the railroad bypassed the under construction Blue Ridge Railroad via a temporary track built over Rockfish Gap.
Three extensions to the existing Luas lines have been completed.
Underground stations in the premetro network use the same design as metro stations.
The system was originally scheduled to open on 31 October 2013.
Ride Norfolk provides public transportation within the single-tier municipality of Norfolk County, Ontario, Canada.
The Carolina Piedmont Railroad is a class III railroad and subsidiary of Genesee & Wyoming Inc. operating in the Upstate region of South Carolina.
The railroad was located on the south bank of the Cascades canal of the Columbia River.
The line is the shortest of the Istanbul Metro system with only four stations.
Each one-way trip takes roughly 16 hours.
The railway was formally titled the Dinorwic Quarries Railway, but the informal "Padarn Railway" stuck and was widely used.
It is the oldest operating water-balance cliff lift in the world.
Operating 119 buses and employing up to 320 employees within Chesterfield, Stagecoach is one of the largest bus operators in the UK.
In 1848 the Company merged with two adjoining railway lines to become the Monkland Railways; which in turn were absorbed by the Edinburgh and Glasgow Railway.
Transperth is the brand name of the public transport system serving the city and suburban areas of Perth, the state capital of Western Australia.
Gold Coast University Hospital is the northern terminus of the system, while Broadbeach South is the southern terminus.
The network is controlled by the New South Wales Government's transport authority, Transport for NSW, and is part of the authority's Opal ticketing system.
The Cherokee Railroad initially operated from Cartersville to Taylorsville, and the new owners extended the railroad to Rockmart, Georgia.
Nowadays, in Szczecin and the surrounding area 73 bus lines are running, including 50 normal lines, 7 fast lines and 16 night lines.
It has an employee-owned company with 900 vehicles and 1,400 employees.
The 105.7-kilometre-long metro system is owned by the Stockholm County Council through the company Storstockholms Lokaltrafik.
The stops are: Lindholm, Aalborg Vestby, Aalborg, Skalborg, Svenstrup, Støvring, Skørping.
regions 1, 2, 3, 5 and 13 in Western Sydney
A proposal to privatize the Osaka subway was sent to the city government in February 2013, is still under consideration.
Construction began in May 1877, and the line was completed between North Billerica and Bedford in August 1877, a distance of 8.63 miles.
It has eight-car trains running around a loop.
Lagos Rail Mass Transit is an urban rail system being developed and under construction in Lagos.
The Bowaters Paper Railway was a 2 ft 6 in narrow gauge industrial railway.
Although the city and its surrounding area are governed by several municipalities, a large portion of Allahabad District is governed by the Allahabad City Council.
The construction is funded by the Central Government under its flagship JnNURM.
As of November 2013 it comprises five lines that traverse the city and connect with other forms of transit, namely the Mexico City Metro.
The creation and maintenance of the light-rail system is pushed by the advocacy group Friends of Light Rail and Transit.
Most of the former Erie line between Hornell and Binghamton was destroyed in 1972 by the floods of Hurricane Agnes.
The combined railroad kept the Southern Pacific name due to its brand recognition in the railroad industry and with customers of both constituent railroads.
Metrolinx has proposed the corridor in their regional transportation plan The Big Move in two separate segments:
The advanced bus traffic in Finland and its essential part, centrally maintained bus station organisation with service ability, are remarkable achievements even internationally.
Like the Yaquina City, the Yaquina Bay was declared a total loss.
The tram network is built almost exclusively on the streets of Kharkiv, making it a traditional tram system.
Tokyo Metropolitan Bureau of Transportation, also known as Toei, is a bureau of Tokyo Metropolitan Government which operates public transport services in Tokyo.
However, they do not maintain any roadways.
After the change of administration, Baja California Railroad has optimized their resources and installations strengthen its business structure.
The CGR was closed down due to financial reasons.
The Silver Lake Railroad is a heritage railway located in Madison, New Hampshire, USA.
The Washington-Virginia Railway and the W&OD Railway also had adjacent stations in Rosslyn near the present location of the Key Bridge Marriott Hotel.
The light rail system will link Maroochydore with Caloundra via Mooloolaba and Kawana.
As of 2008, SWR's rail system included 4,668 km of track, of which 93,3% were electrified.
The Valenciennes tramway is a tramline in the Valenciennes urban area in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais région of northern France.
Barges could not pass through the rapids caused by the Shoals along the Tennessee River between Florence, and Decatur.
Opened in 1902, the U-Bahn serves 173 stations spread across ten lines, with a total track length of 151.7 kilometres, about 80% of which is underground.
On January 25, 2008, the preliminary layout of lines four and five was published.
Presently, the line contains twenty stations and runs on 19.65 kilometers of fully elevated route.
Construction began in 1837 on the first nine miles at the London end.
The bus and station doors open simultaneously, and passengers board by simply walking across the threshold.
Originally scheduled to launch on June 29, 2012, the service's inauguration was postponed due to delays in its buses' intelligent transportation system.
Architecture firm Aedas designed the metro's 45 stations, two depots and operational control centres.
It ran through thinly populated country, and linked to a number of iron mines, collieries and other mineral sites.
The network was extended beyond Shkodër in the 1980s into what is now Montenegro, via the Albanian border town of Hani i Hotit.
Currently the tramway is operated by Tramwaje Elbląskie Sp.
The initial president was Ashal Gridley of Bloomington, Illinois.
The system transported 231.1 million passengers in 2013.
The Busan Metro operated by the Busan Transportation Corporation is the urban rail system of Busan, South Korea.
The network is planned to comprise six lines with a total length of about 208 kilometres by 2030.
At that time, it was divided into the new British Railways' Eastern Region, North Eastern Region, and partially the Scottish Region.
Construction of the 17 km line is planned to commence in 2021 and the line is planned to begin operation in late 2026 or early 2027.
The Kokura Line is the only line.
Many trains from Delhi to Haryana, Punjab, Rajasthan and Gujarat stop at this station.
The West Cornwall Railway was a railway company in Cornwall, Great Britain, formed in 1846 to construct a railway between Penzance and Truro.
Because the Eagles Mere Railroad was a 3 ft narrow gauge, the Susquehanna and Eagles Mere Railroad was built to a 3 ft gauge as well.
More than twenty trains including Duronto and AC trains originate at this station.
The railway is 37 km in length.
It is the main business of the SNCF group, which in 2014 employed 245,763 people and had €27.2 billion of sales in 120 countries.
The line was seen as unprofitable, and it closed to passengers in 1964, and to goods traffic in 1967.
It is operated by the Société de transport de Montréal.
Going north out of Kelim is Windsor where once again the line splits to go to their industrial park and Greeley, or Fort Collins.
The line to Banbury was opened in May 1850 and the Oxford section followed in October of the same year.
It also offers a facility for online booking of tickets for all 18,700 routes.
The Blue Line, officially the Chaloem Ratchamongkhon Line, was the first of the two lines currently in operation.
There are additional routes which connect Arvin with Lamont, and the Tejon Industrial Complex.
On January 24, 2005, the railroad's name was officially changed to "BNSF Railway," using the initials of its original name.
The system was built by Bombardier at a cost of US $430 million, and opened on February 24, 2003.
The Mohave and Milltown Railway was a 3 ft narrow gauge private railroad built in 1903 to serve the Leland Gold Mine near Oatman, Arizona, USA.
The trains operate along an elevated line that follows the coast of Tokyo Bay.
The Purple Line was instituted as its own line, separate from the Red Line, in 2006.
When complete, it will connect central Zhuhai to Zhuhai Railway Station and the Gongbei Port of Entry to Macau.
The Blue Line, the first line in Phase Two, opened in 2017.
As funding for the project continued to be intermittent, the opening date was pushed back again.
Some of the regions to competitive tender in 2013 and 2014, with region 11 subsumed into region 10.
Novosibirsk Metro is a metro system in Novosibirsk, Russia.
Private corporation PT Jakarta Monorail undertook the project's development.
The project is modelled on the Réseau Express Régional in Paris.
The system survived the 1985 Mexico City earthquake.
As well as within Chesterfield and its boroughs, the company also run certain buses to Bolsover, Clay Cross, Alfreton, Matlock, Dronfield, Sheffield, and Eckington.
In 1928, the NYW&B acquired control of Soundview Transportation Company, which served bus routes in White Plains.
The system's 17 stations, of which 6 are underground, make up a single forked line along a total length of 21.1 kilometres.
In 1980, with the purchase of a new bus fleet, Metro Transit operated the first fully wheelchair-accessible fleet in Michigan.
The Nice tramway is a 8.7-kilometre, single-line tramway in the city of Nice in Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur, France.
They operate within the city limits or provide travel to Edmonton for work or education purposes.
In 1911, L&I acquired the Louisville & Eastern Railroad.
The Nashville, Chattanooga and St. Louis Railway was a railway company operating in the southern United States in Kentucky, Tennessee, Alabama and Georgia.
Genesee & Wyoming, another shortline holding company, bought RailAmerica in December 2012.
The Valparaíso Metro is the rapid transit light rail system serving the urban conglomeration of Gran Valparaíso, Chile.
Trams in Łódź made their first appearance on 23 December 1898.
It is a 2 ft narrow gauge railway about one-half mile in length.
Kennebec Central rebuilt 3 of the original flat cars with similar side gates in 1908.
The Munich U-Bahn began operation in 1971.
The subway has undergone rapid expansion since 2002, as only two lines were in service before then.
Allahabad became the capital of the North-Western Provinces in 1858, and was the capital of India for a day.
Portsmouth Corporation Transport was a tram, trolleybus and bus operator formed in 1898, serving the city of Portsmouth, and owned by Portsmouth Corporation.
The railroad was sold by the Pittsburgh Coal Company to the Pittsburgh and Castle Shannon Railroad in 1871.
The Line began operating in 1915 as part of Canadian Northern Railway then later in 1923 it became Canadian National Railway.
As of 2016, Swift consists of a single line, which runs 16.7 miles on the State Route 99 corridor between Everett and Shoreline.
The Salvador Metro is a metro system and project for the Bahia state of Brazil, specifically in the city of Salvador.
The 470 Express Pierrefonds is an express bus route in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.
The Alicante Tram, trademarked as Alicante Metropolitan TRAM, operates in the Spanish city of Alicante and its surrounding area.
The Narita Airport Terminal 2 Shuttle System was an automated people mover used in Narita International Airport, Narita, Chiba Japan.
It was built to enable the cheaper transport of coal to market, breaking the monopoly of the Monkland Canal.
The railway was founded in 1972, based in the Royal Agricultural Showground in Stoneleigh, Warkickshire, where it operated until 2005.
The West Norfolk Junction Railway was a standard gauge 18½-mile single-track railway running between Wells-next-the-Sea railway station and Heacham in the English county of Norfolk.
Doncaster Corporation Tramways was an electric tramway network serving the town of Doncaster, England.
Several future lines are planned, including extensions within France and to surrounding countries.
The main shareholder of the company is Global Road with 85%, and CCM also a shareholder with 15%.
The system is grade-separated from the Kiev's regular tram system.
The Louisville, New Orleans and Texas Railway was built between 1888 and 1890 and was admitted to the Illinois Central Railroad system in 1892.
The system was inaugurated in 2008 and has subsequently been expanded to two lines.
The Southern Alabama Railroad was a shortline railroad formerly operating between a connection with CSX Transportation at Troy to Goshen, Alabama, about 15 miles.
Much of the grading is now preserved as hiking trails in Big Spring State Forest Picnic Area and Tuscarora State Forest.
The Apalachicola Northern Railroad was a short-line railroad which operated in the Florida Panhandle.
Indian Railways is the world's eighth biggest employer and had 1.331 million employees at the end of 2015-16.
About one-third of the passengers had no driver's license, automobile, or other means of motorized transport.
Construction began on 26 June 2016 with an inauguration ceremony presided over by Sheikh Hasina.
Since 1994 the system is operated by the municipal-owned company Tramwaje Warszawskie Sp.
Primarily a switching railroad, it made a complete loop around the city of Toledo, crossing the Maumee River twice.
Several bike stations are near major universities, including National University of Colombia at Medellín, Pontifical Bolivarian University, and the University of Antioquia.
The railroad was 110 miles long and its track gauge was 5 ft.
The Tünel is a short underground railway line in Istanbul, Turkey.
The Los Angeles Metropolitan Transit Authority was a public agency formed in 1951.
The Viewmobiles were two red towing trailers attached to a tractor truck, and served the boundaries of the park, as well as the adjacent Dufferin Islands.
The system opened on November 24, 2012,  with major expansion plans still ongoing.
It connected the main house with the LNER Warthill Station and the village of Bossall.
The Nevada–California–Oregon Railway was a 3 ft narrow gauge railroad originally planned to connect Reno, Nevada, to the Columbia River.
There is no longer an interchange with Aberdeen & Rockfish in Raeford.
The Minsk tram network is organised into 10 routes, integrated with the city's trolleybus, Metro and bus services.
As of 2007, it transported 125 million passengers per year.
Its construction began in the year 2006 during Luis Castañeda Lossio's period as Mayor of Lima.
The Southern Railway, headquartered at Chennai Central, is one of the 17 zones of Indian Railways.
The line runs for 64 milesover 10,015 ft Cumbres Pass and through Toltec Gorge, from which it takes its name.
In March 2013, an existing 8.35-kilometre and nine station rail line was bundled in to the metro's service as the system's M2 line.
It is operated by Norwegian State Railways with Class 92 diesel multiple units.
The Grays Harbor Transportation Authority, doing business as Grays Harbor Transit, is a public transit agency serving Grays Harbor County in the U.S. state of Washington.
In 1912, the city declined to renew the franchise and instead took over operation of the Geary Street railway.
Sri Lanka Railway Department, branded Sri Lanka Railways, is Sri Lanka's railway owner and primary operator.
Lines R1 and R3 run north-south in the western and eastern parts of city, respectively.
The section between Câmpina and Predeal was upgraded between 2007 and 2011, bringing several improvements to the infrastructure along the route.
The line runs in a circle around a boating lake near the promenade, to the west of the town centre.
Line 3 is the world's busiest single monorail line.
As of 2017, the Metro operates on 49.16 kilometers of route, with 48 stations with 80 accesses.
The Munich S-Bahn was established on 28 May 1972.
These started as horse trams but gradually changed to electric.
Today, Caltrain and the Union Pacific Railroad continue to operate trains over the company's original route.
Jaipur Metro is the first metro in India to run on Double-storey elevated road and Metro track.
Metrô Rio has the second highest passenger volume of the metro systems in Brazil, after the São Paulo Metro.
The system does include some segments built to rapid transit standards.
Tickets cost $5 per adult and $3 for children below 12 years old, allowing limited travel for one day.
Bay Area Rapid Transit, is a rapid transit public transportation system serving the San Francisco Bay Area in California.
At the time, the PRR had begun building its famous Horseshoe Curve cutting across several of the streams forming the gaps of the Allegheny.
In 2016, Sound Transit services carried a total of 42.7 million passengers, including an average of 143,000 riders on weekdays.
Trains of lines 1, 3, 5 and 9 have automatic train operation in 25.3 kilometers of underground system.
The Chambersburg and Gettysburg Electric Railway was an interurban trolley system of the early 20th century in south central Pennsylvania.
The seventh railway line from Rewari will be laid as a dedicated freight railway line as a part of the Western Dedicated Freight Corridor.
The route passed through Algonquin Provincial Park in Ontario, Canada.
The Ann Arbor Area Transportation Authority, which brands itself as "TheRide," is the public transit system serving the Ann Arbor and Ypsilanti, Michigan, area.
Currently, Gorzów Wielkopolski has 5 tramlines, serviced by 38 trams, with two additional trams from Konstal N.
Between Crewe and Birmingham, trains were worked by the Grand Junction Railway.
It was built on the right-of-way of the former Valle Seriana railway, closed in 1967; it opened for service on 24 April 2009.
The Ampang and Kelana Jaya lines were constructed and initially operated by different owners: Sistem Transit Aliran Ringan Sdn.
All STC transit franchises were purchased by the public Central New York Regional Transportation Authority in 1972, continuing their operation as CNY Centro.
In 1991–1992 the system acquired several secondhand trolleybuses from four Swiss cities.
The project was later scrapped and Light metro was proposed.
It also operates in Poland and the Netherlands through a subsidiary.
It is also linked to Angrignon Station of the Montreal Metro's green line.
Kazan Metro is a rapid-transit system that serves the city of Kazan, Republic of Tatarstan, Russia.
It was opened on 25 April 1983 and was the first to use the VAL system.
The name was changed to Augusta and Savannah Railroad on February 16, 1856.
The route stretches 47.6 miles across the Isthmus of Panama from Colón to Balboa.
Bus stations were quickly built by the local departments of Linja-autoliitto also in Helsinki, Viipuri, Porvoo, Loviisa, Lohja, Lappeenranta and Imatra.
It also operated passenger services from 1917 to 1926.
In February 2013, the local Baja California Directors of BJRR announced an investment of $20 million to upgrade the neglected track.
Forced labour was used in its construction.
All services are by electric multiple units, aside from the daily train to Malmesbury which is on a non-electrified line.
Those vehicles were collectively declared a national monument by the Chilean government in 2003.
The Alabama and Gulf Coast Railway is a Class II railroad owned by Genesee & Wyoming.
Thomaston and Barnesville Railroad Company was incorporated on December 23, 1839 by special act of the Georgia General Assembly.
At its launch, the scheme, which is sponsored by Coca-Cola HBC, used 300 Unisex bicycles with 30 stations.
The service runs from Stavanger Station to Egersund Station, a distance of 75 kilometers.
Qingdao Metro is a metro system in the city of Qingdao, Shandong province in China.
It opened in 1866 and closed in 1953.
It is a northwest-to-southeast line, and almost completely above-ground.
This line would also connect to the city monorail.
It was one of the few trolley companies to remain independent of the Connecticut Company consolidation of transit lines throughout the state.
These two routes are also the only routes to require a fare; all other routes are free to ride.
The railway was established by James Evans and ran around a field adjoining a workshop for the railway and a mill.
The first phase of Line 1 runs for 11 km from Qods in the northwest to Shohada via Kaveh long-distance bus terminal.
Young's Bus Service is an Australian bus operator in Rockhampton, Queensland operating services under the QConnect scheme in Regional Queensland.
It runs Auckland's urban passenger trains under contract from Auckland Transport on infrastructure owned and managed by KiwiRail.
In the late 1990s, the lines were named after two historic Rotterdam citizens, the Erasmus Line after Desiderius Erasmus and the Caland Line after Pieter Caland.
Pickens Railway is a shortline railroad that has operated on two separate divisions in the Upstate Region of South Carolina:
The Black Sea resorts of Sochi, Gelendzhik and Anapa are the principal passenger destinations on the railway.
Belgrade suburban railway system connected the suburbs and nearby cities to the west, north and south of the city.
Each locomotive was also given a set of passenger cars, which were built from scratch.
Services will run from Bride's Glen to Estuary, north of Swords.
The plan was announced by the Mayor of Caguas, William Miranda Marín, along with former governor Aníbal Acevedo Vilá on March 9, 2007.
In 1999, the Minnesota Legislature approved funding for the first line along Hiawatha Avenue in south Minneapolis, which opened in 2004.
Metrolink is a commuter rail system serving Southern California; it consists of seven lines and 59 stations operating on 534 miles of rail network.
Beginning in October 1876 the LM&B leased the Lafayette, Bloomington and Mississippi Railroad.
At that time the entire territory was part of the Russian empire.
At the main vehicle depot there is a track triangle structure used regularly for turning tramway vehicles when starting and/or ending service.
Built by Intamin, the line's success led to the city of Shenzhen building its own, larger version, the Happy Line.
Traffic was mainly agricultural produce, together with peat from Hatfield Moor and from Swinefleet Peat Works which processed peat from Thorne Moors.
It also includes 7 light rail lines and an additional 2 commuter rail lines with 71 stations and 87.5 miles of track.
It is proposed to have 14 at grade bus stops and 3 elevated bus stops.
It also served the brickworks in Layton, and had a stop in Victoria, Pennsylvania.
It was a little over two miles long.
The train runs about 24 kilometres between Baghdad Central Station and the southern neighborhood of Dora.
Intermediate stations were at Wenhaston, Blythburgh and Walberswick.
The Somerset Railroad was built to serve Kennebec River communities and later extended through timberlands to a large wooden Victorian era destination hotel on Moosehead Lake.
Capital MetroRail is a commuter rail system that serves the Greater Austin area in Texas, and which is owned by the Capital Metro.
RailAmerica was acquired by Genesee & Wyoming in 2012.
Tramways in Zgierz - Zgierz tramway traction consists of 3 lines, formerly consisted of 2 lines.
It has the distinction of operating first passenger railway line in India, which opened from Mumbai to Thane on 16 April 1853.
The railroad was built using a 3 ft narrow gauge, the same as the connecting Tuscarora Valley.
The tramway system complements the Lyon metro and forms an integral part to the public transportation system in Lyon.
Funding is provided under a partnership between the Comox Valley Regional District and BC Transit, the provincial agency which plans and manages municipal transit systems.
Nockebybanan is a tram line between Nockeby and Alvik in the western suburbs of Stockholm, Sweden.
Construction of second line which is a metro line is ongoing.
The railway is a council-controlled trading organisation owned jointly by the Dunedin City Council and the Otago Excursion Train Trust.
The main service operates from Lerkendal in Trondheim via Trondheim Central Station and Trondheim Airport Station to Steinkjer on the Nordland Line.
Production at the quarry continues in 2006, though the railway was replaced by trucks in the 1960s.
Some rolling stock dates back to the 1880s.
MBMT bus services are available from Mira Road Railway Station, Bhayandar Railway Station, Bhayandar Railway Station & Dahisar Check Naka parts of this city.
After receiving safety clearance from Commissioner of Metro Rail Safety in May 2015, Jaipur Metro began commercial service between Chandpole and Mansarovar on 3 June 2015.
It began trial operations in August, 2011 and official operation in September.
The quality of the railway infrastructure is generally poor.
The network consists of 112 docking stations and 1,270 bicycles, and is to be extended in subsequent years.
The line forms part of the network of Trieste Trasporti, the public transport provider for Trieste, and is line 2 of that company's system.
The Metropolitan Rapid Transit or MRT is a rapid transit system serving the Bangkok Metropolitan Region in Thailand.
The expected cost of laying the railway line in the city will be around ₹125-150 crore per km.
It provides rapid transit services, a light rail system and feeder bus routes within Hong Kong, and intercity passenger and freight train services to Mainland China.
In 2014, 815 million trips were made on Tehran Metro.
The Decatur Junction Railway is a Class III railroad which operates in the state of Illinois.
The Scropton Tramway was a British industrial 3 ft narrow gauge railway connecting several gypsum mines with the North Staffordshire Railway station at Scropton in Staffordshire.
Many trains from Delhi to Haryana, Punjab, Rajasthan and Gujarat stop at this station.
By 2018, a new branch east to Uithof is proposed to open.
Dock Junction to Erie, Pennsylvania; 3 miles
Hence, the S-Lines run on separate tracks and stations and have a different fare schedule from the subway.
During the day every line runs on average every 5–10 minutes, but almost every station serves at least two routes.
Its main line ran from Cincinnati, Ohio to Dayton, Ohio via Hamilton, Ohio, where it also owned the street railroads.
The agency's powers were expanded in 1954, authorizing it to study and propose an extensive regional transit system.
Kanpur Metro is an under construction rail based mass transit system in the city of Kanpur, India which shall further be extendable to Kanpur Metropolitan Region.
Basic Bus Rapid Transit, Bronze BRT, Silver BRT and Gold BRT.
It was inaugurated in 2008 by the former Railway Minister of India, Laloo Prasad Yadav.
The city owns and maintains the vehicles but the drivers are privately contracted from Diversified Transportation.
The Bristol & Exeter Railway was an English railway company formed to connect Bristol and Exeter.
If completed, the entire system will serve a 70-mile corridor between Cloverdale in northern Sonoma County and Larkspur Landing in Marin County.
The railroad is owned by the Anacostia Rail Holdings Company.
The construction started on 14 March 2015, and the Phase I is expected to complete by 2020.
The Bridgton and Saco River Railroad was a 2 ft narrow gauge railroad that operated in the vicinity of Bridgton and Harrison, Maine.
Current DR traffic generally consists of pulp board, plastics, and forest products.
Edelaraudtee is an Estonian railway operator founded in 1997.
The CFNR was originally owned by the Park-Sierra Rail Group, who also owned the Arizona and California Railroad and the Puget Sound and Pacific Railroad.
The ITS architecture will boast, among other high-tech features, of advance signal systems based on data-centric algorithms for emergency pre-emption and network surveillance with CCTV cameras.
It is double track between Stockholm and Viggbyholm and between Rydbo and Åkersberga.
The Albula-Bernina line is the first rail line in the world to be photographed and put on Google Street View.
In 1894, it became part of the Southern Railway Company.
The railroad was acquired by the Boston and Maine Railroad in 1893.
Citi Bike is a privately owned public bicycle sharing system serving New York City and Jersey City, New Jersey.
The McMinnville and Manchester company opened 34.2 miles of 5 ft gauge railroad between McMinnville and Tullahoma in November 1856.
The railroad entered bankruptcy in October 1890.
The first route opened in 2008 ahead of the 2010 Commonwealth Games which were held in the city.
At its peak the GS&WR had an 1,100-mile network, of which 240 miles were double track.
The Green Mountain Cog Railway was a mountain railway built to carry tourists to the top of Green Mountain on Mount Desert Island in Maine.
Cercanías de Cataluña; is the main commuter and regional rail system in the Spanish autonomous community of Catalonia.
Taoyuan International Airport Skytrain is a people mover system that runs between the two passenger terminal buildings at the Taoyuan International Airport.
It replaced existing bus Routes 1L and the 101 Express, which traveled along the same corridor.
The Dnipro Metro is a single-line metro system that serves the city of Dnipro, the fourth largest city in Ukraine by population.
The Boston and Providence Railroad was an early US Railroad in New England, connecting Boston and Providence and is now part of Amtrak's Northeast Corridor.
The Xi'an Metro, also known as Xi'an Subway, is a metro system in the city of Xi'an, the capital of Shaanxi province in China.
The system has also proved effective as a catalyst for urban renewal, as well as increasing tourist traffic to outlying towns such as Tamsui.
The Eastern Railway is one of the largest and High-Tech Zone in Indian Railways, it is among the 16 zones of the Indian Railways.
It is the largest city bus system in Thailand.
Operation started with total length of 15 kilometers and operates on two main lines, Otogar-SSK and Opera-Osmangazi University.
The Cedar Point & Lake Erie Railroad is a 3 ft narrow gauge passenger railroad at the Cedar Point amusement park in Sandusky, Ohio.
It served the communities of Carpentersville, Dundee, Elgin, South Elgin, St. Charles, Geneva, Batavia, North Aurora, Aurora, Montgomery, and Yorkville in Illinois.
Tiruchirappalli Monorail is the proposed monorail system for the city of Tiruchirappalli, Tamil Nadu, part of a major expansion of public transport in the city.
The opening of the Stutson Street Bridge in 1927 forced the termination of ferry service, and the railroads entered receivership soon after.
The railway was formed in 1979 to transport phosphate to the port in Aqaba.
It is generally regarded as one of the oldest heritage railroad operations in the United States.
The Panama Canal Railway currently provides both freight and passenger service.
Miami-Dade Transit is the primary public transit authority of Miami, Florida, United States and the greater Miami-Dade County area.
In Thessaloniki, there are two Proastiakos services.
It is operated with around 200 trams, including ČKD Tatra KT4, CAF Urbos, and DUEWAG Be 4/6 vehicles.
Internet rumours that the city tram network was to be progressively run down surfaced a few years ago: they were emphatically and officially denied.
Passengers reportedly feel safer on buses than mostly-empty trains late at night.
The Buenos Aires Underground, locally known as Subte, is a mass transit metro system that serves the area of the city of Buenos Aires, Argentina.
Fashion Island is a shopping mall located on Ramintra Road, in Khan Na Yao district outskirt of Bangkok, Thailand.
Out of Total 17.6 km BRTS is passing at grade for a length of 6.64 km and 6.87 km is passing though elevated section.
Other clients receive shipments such as borax, pig lard, lumber, steel, paper, and cattle feed.
Ambitious expansion plans call for 25 Lines with over 1,000 km of length by 2025.
Further tunnel sections were opened in 1983 and 1990, before its completion in 1992.
PT Kereta Api Indonesia is the major operator of public railways in Indonesia.
Usually, four lanes down the center of the street are dedicated to bus traffic.
The Nova Scotia Railway is a historic Canadian railway.
Metro South involves the conversion of the Luas Green Line to a metro line to serve as a high capacity north-south rail link.
All stations are equipped with automatic platform gates.
The return journey takes around 60 minutes.
Carris is a public transportation company in Lisbon, Portugal.
The modern tramway opened on 12 December 2012.
The Baltimore and Lehigh Railroad was a 19th-century, 3 ft narrow gauge railroad in Maryland and Pennsylvania.
The Stadtbahn Dortmund is a light rail system in the German city of Dortmund and is integrated in the Rhine-Ruhr Stadtbahn network.
The track was built using 35/40 lb steel rails.
The company was sold to East Tennessee, Virginia and Georgia Railroad Company on February 19, 1890.
From there, it continued to Star Junction, Pennsylvania, on a track that ran parallel to Pennsylvania Route 51.
The system is owned by Transport for Greater Manchester and operated and maintained under contract by a Keolis/Amey consortium.
Construction was beset by engineering and other problems, leading to severe financial difficulties.
Repair of SPAP assets was time consuming and expensive.
Metra owns all rolling stock and is responsible for all stations along with the respective municipalities.
This transport system runs through 277 kilometers of road network in the Indore city and surrounding areas.
Covering a vertical distance of 175 feet along the hilly 1.125 miles route, it was known as the "smallest commercially operated railway in the world".
Although they separate west of Downtown Los Angeles, the two subway lines were originally branded as two branches of the Red Line.
Tenerife Tram is a light rail or tram service located on the island of Tenerife, one of the Canary Islands.
The short-lived line was noteworthy in that it was the last common carrier narrow gauge railroad to be constructed in the United States.
Coimbatore metro is also known as kovai metro is the proposed metro rail system for the city of Coimbatore, Tamil Nadu.
The MRT line is officially known in Thai as rotfaifa mahanakhon or "metropolitan electric train", but it is more commonly called rotfai taidin, literally, "underground train".
Overground Network should not be confused with London Overground, which is the official brand name of a rail service managed by Transport for London.
Le Havre tramway is a modern two-line tram system in the city of Le Havre in Upper Normandy, France.
In June 1918, the line was damaged by flooding and the line was abandoned on December 31, 1920.
Ferrocarriles de Cuba or Ferrocarriles Nacionales de Cuba, the only railway operating in the Caribbean islands, provides passenger and freight services for Cuba.
The line would have extended onward to Keystone, Colorado and a junction with the Denver, South Park and Pacific Railroad.
The line of the track can still be traced as a levelled strip on the clifftop, adjacent to the path to Porthgain harbour.
It is headquartered at Hajipur and comprises Sonpur, Samastipur, Danapur, Mughalsarai, and Dhanbad divisions(मंडल).
From here they could catch trains south to New York City or west to Chicago.
Fort McMurray Transit is a public transportation system provided by the Regional Municipality of Wood Buffalo, in northeastern Alberta, Canada.
It consists of a mixture of on-street track shared with other traffic; reserved track sections, segregated from other traffic, and converted former railway lines.
A second branch of the line, to IJsselstein, opened 14 December 1985.
Kita-Osaka Kyuko Railway is a railway operator in Osaka, Japan.
In addition, there are other rail passenger services in the region composed of Regional-Express and Regionalbahn services.
In the summer of 2010 and fall of 2014 service between Vancouver and Victoria was cut back.
What was left of the Erie Lackawanna became part of Conrail in 1976.
The scheme also aims to reduce pollution, create a convivial atmosphere within the city, and encourage the health benefits of increased activity.
The railway operated city streetcar service as well as a double-track interurban railway between Rome and Little Falls via Utica.
Operations ended in February 1998 and the railroad was abandoned in 2005.
Operated by Myanmar Railways, the 45.9-kilometre 39-station loop system connects satellite towns and suburban areas to the city.
The network currently consists of 14 stations, with interchanges at Chuqui Apu/Libertador and Jach'a Qhathu/16 de Julio.
A total of six S-lines are planned to be built by 2020.
Diatomite was also extracted from Loch Valerain and transported by aerial ropeway to Staffin Bay.
SkyTrain uses a fare system shared with other local transit services, and is policed by the South Coast British Columbia Transportation Authority Police Service.
Principal commodities include lumber, steel, fertilizer, grain, propane, and carbon black, generating approximately 1,350 annual carloads.
In so doing, however, extensive trestles and bridgework were necessary.
This is not a part of Chennai BRTS which is proposed on a separate elevated road that is to be constructed as circular corridors.
The owner was the Oregon Steam Navigation Company.
During this period, the New York, New Haven and Hartford Railroad enjoyed a virtual monopoly on all passenger and freight rail service in southern New England.
Funding for the services are offered by the Washington State Department of Transportation and Aging & Adult Care of Central Washington.
The D&H South Line is 282 miles long and connects Schenectady, New York to Sunbury, Pennsylvania.
Funding for the MWRTA comes partially from the state and local governments of the communities it operates within.
It envisages a "wheel and spoke" concept comprising two northwest-southeast radial lines and one circle line looping around Kuala Lumpur.
A bit later, the extensive mergers dubbed the "Great Streetcar Consolidation" gathered most local transit firms into two major companies.
All 17 stations have platform edge doors.
The Dardanelle and Russellville Railroad Company is a Class III short-line railroad headquartered in Russellville, Arkansas.
The Continuation War against Russia took place in 1941-44, and the Lapland war against Germany ended in 1945.
In the financial year 2016-17, Delhi metro had an average daily ridership of 2.76 million passengers, and served 100 crore riders in total during the year.
Euskotren Trena also operates the Donostia/San Sebastián metro under the brand Metro Donostialdea.
It is the oldest electric elevated railway with hanging cars in the world and is a unique system.
Line R1 has a projected completion date at the end of 2018.
The balance carriage way would be very less so we decided not to take it forward.
The Genoa urban railway service is operated by Trenitalia on the lines around the city of Genoa.
The reasoning for its name is because the group hopes to promote nutrition and transportation, having maintained over $1.6 million in revenue.
It was designed to rebuild Bali's public transport system.
Additionally, the Green Line runs with one-car trains in the early mornings and late evenings on weekdays, and on weekends.
The Rosario Tramway is a planned mass transit tramway network in Rosario, Argentina currently in the bidding process stages.
The SWR consists of five sections, the Kyivska, Kozyatynska, Zhmerynska, Korostenska and Konotopska directions.
A highlight of the trip is passage along the South Branch Potomac River through "The Trough", an area noted for bald eagle sightings.
The company entered receivership in 1915, and control by the Beebe Syndicate ended.
But the opening was then postponed to 2010.
It was built in 1904 as a part of Pula's economic crescendo during the Austro-Hungarian rule.
İZBAN is a portmanteau of the words "İzmir" and "Banliyö".
The 3 ft narrow gauge Jupiter and Lake Worth Railway was a 7.5 miles connection between the Jacksonville, Tampa and Key West Railway system.
NSK Salai - KS Road [20 km]
The Toronto and York Radial Railway was a transit operator providing services to the suburbs of Toronto, Ontario, Canada.
The Sitilink or Surat BRTS is a Bus rapid transit for Surat, Gujarat, India.
The Albany and Susquehanna Railroad was a 6 ft broad gauge railroad from Albany to Binghamton, New York, operating 1851 to 1870.
The Besançon Tram network dated back to a horse tram service inaugurated in 1887.
Of these, 693 are hybrid electric vehicles, the second largest such fleet in North America.
It was formed of the Watton and Swaffham Railway, founded in 1866 as an independent venture by the Thetford and Watton Railway Company.
It operated trains between 1979–1981, including to Lake Placid, New York, for the 1980 Winter Olympics, before derailments led to the end of service.
It was chartered in 1901 to construct a line from Phoenix, Arizona to Benson, Arizona via the Gila River, a distance of 185 miles.
The longest of these, and in fact the longest of all of Poland, is number 46, which has a length of 38 kilometres.
After World War I, under Fascist rule, the need for tram transportation declined and it was finally dismantled in 1934.
This is the largest industrial town in the state.
Intercity is the second-highest train classification in Germany, after the ICE.
Since Taiwan is heavily urbanized with a high population density, railways have played an important part in domestic transportation since the late 19th century.
It is also one of only two Russian tram networks still using a one-meter gauge.
Transportation in Montana comprises many different forms of travel.
The Selma, Rome and Dalton Railroad Company constructed or reconstructed 100.3 miles of railroad line between Blue Mountain, Alabama and Dalton, Georgia in 1870.
There were no trams at all in Rouen between 1953 and 1994, when the modern Rouen tramway opened.
Granite axe-heads and other implements from Neolithic quarries at Penmaenmawr have been found throughout Britain.
The DGNO hauled around 60,000 carloads in 2008.
In 2014, the "L" had an average of 752,734 passenger boardings each weekday, 486,267 each Saturday, and 359,777 each Sunday.
However, by the time that the line was finished, the boom was almost over.
During its existence the line hosted a number of steam and diesel locomotives.
The South Carolina Canal and Rail Road Company was chartered under act of the South Carolina General Assembly of December 19, 1827.
In 1923, the SECR was absorbed into the Southern Railway at the Grouping.
Its mines were located in the Pittsburgh Coalfield of western Pennsylvania.
But this section of the system is for freight only.
A court confirmed the sale on November 18, 1873.
The Santiago Metro is the underground railway network serving the city of Santiago, Chile.
Dalian Rail Transit, according to the order of construction, includes the Dalian trams, the Dalianren light rail and the Dalian Rapid Transit.
Darwinbus is a public bus service which operates in Darwin and Palmerston in the Northern Territory.
Over a million passengers use the network, which also provides connections with the city's extensive commuter rail and bus rapid transport networks.
The streetcars are the first to run in the District of Columbia since the dismantling of the previous streetcar system in 1962.
Nicknamed "The Bridge Line to New England and Canada," D&H connected New York with Montreal, Quebec and New England.
The line is sometimes referred to as the Dinorwic Tramroad or the Dinorwic Tramway.
The BRTS will have Automatic Fare Collection System, which will facilitate off-board fare collection.
The Wing Shuttle is a people mover system at Kansai International Airport in Osaka, Japan.
The KC Streetcar, formally branded as the RideKC Streetcar, is a streetcar system in downtown Kansas City, Missouri.
Ferrocarriles Chiapas-Mayab is a state owned railroad in southeastern Mexico since 2016.
The route operates from Monday to Friday between the hours of 6 AM and 7 PM and is a wheelchair-accessible route.
The proposed network will consist of five lines.
The Metropolitan was a premium passenger train service between the cities of Cologne and Hamburg in Germany.
In 1977, the Orient Express stopped serving Istanbul.
Johnson has taken credit for the plan, although the initial concept was announced by his predecessor Ken Livingstone, during the latter's term in office.
Aalborg Commuter Rail is a commuter rail service in and near Aalborg, Denmark.
The California Northern Railroad is one of several Class III short-line railroad companies owned by Genesee & Wyoming, Inc.
Traffic includes chemicals, clay, grain, peanuts, plastics, stone, and wood, generating around 13,000 annual carloads.
The LCY hauls products for both the perlite mine and lumber from the Collins Fremont Sawmill.
The link was made in 1864 and coal was conveyed to London and the north-west of England by that route.
The Zurich Airport Skymetro is an underground airport people mover at Zurich Airport in Switzerland.
To the east, the line extended as far as Idanha, 15 miles short of Santiam Pass before running out of money.
The original lines totalled 550 yards and to this was soon added a further 300 yards.
The record for cycle hires in a single day is 73,000.
Chengdu Metro is the local mass rapid train transportation system in Chengdu, the capital of Sichuan Province, China.
In 1952, it ended its Allentown area local trolley service.
These were followed by the Most Improved Metro award in 2011.
The RPTA operates a customer service, marketing and long-range transit planning operation from headquarters in downtown Phoenix which is shared among all Valley Metro member cities.
The Nagoya Municipal Subway is a rapid transit system serving Nagoya, the capital of Aichi Prefecture in Japan.
More specifically, there was also another company, the Preston & Berlin Street Railway which merged with the Galt, Preston and Hespeler electric railway in 1908.
The Surat Metro is a rapid transit rail system proposed for the city of Surat in the Indian state of Gujarat.
Passenger service was discontinued in 1924, and the electrification was removed in 1944.
The line was built very cheaply in accordance with narrow gauge doctrine, but rapidly found itself financially embarrassed.
Orchard Street and The Kingsway were converted to a one-way streets for cars with a separate two-way bus lane.
In 1873 a new act of incorporation was obtained under the old name.
Service began on October 19, 1998, with two weekday round trips.
The State of Tennessee appointed commissioners during the years 1867–1871 to sell the delinquent railroads on which the State had statutory liens.
Currently, the routes of lines 11 and 46 are being upgraded under the Łódź Regional Tram project.
The first trains ran in 1992, but it was around 10 years later when the railway was completed as a full circle with two passing loops.
As a subsidiary of West Point Pepperell, the entire railroad was abandoned in 1992.
In 2015–2016 Indian Railways had revenues of ₹1.683 trillion, consisting of ₹1.069 trillion freight earnings and ₹442.83 billion passengers earnings.
The final extension to Oregon opened in 1909.
The Rouen tramway is a network of two-line tramway in the city of Rouen, Normandy, France.
Line 1 is a 24.6 km long north-south line with 23 stations.
It is unique in the Netherlands as the only trolleybus system still operating in that country.
It began operating in 1863, and consists of 20 lines operating on 32 kilometers of track, serving 140 stops.
There it turned between Trostle and Skinner Ridges and climbed up behind and around Trostle Ridge, along what is now Bowman Trail.
After several changes in title, Western North Carolina Rail Road Company - Western Division was acquired by the state of North Carolina on April 17, 1875.
It came into existence on 1 April 2003.
The line up Kansas Valley and a small part of the line in Horse Valley now lies within the boundaries of Tuscarora State Forest.
Swift Bus Rapid Transit is a bus rapid transit system operated by Community Transit in Snohomish County, Washington, part of the Seattle metropolitan area.
Specially adapted buses are used: the bus driver does not need to hold the steering wheel on the guided sections of the busway.
The Line T1 tramway serves 24 stations, and runs over of a route that is 15 kilometres long.
Helsinki commuter rail is the commuter rail system serving Greater Helsinki, Finland.
The Finger Lakes Railway began operation on July 23, 1995 and operates in Onondaga, Cayuga, Seneca, Ontario, Schuyler and Yates counties.
The line was one of the earliest narrow gauge railways in the world.
The Tuscarora Valley Railroad was a 3 ft narrow gauge short-line railroad that operated in central Pennsylvania from 1891 to 1934.
The Oshawa PUC did this until June 1996 when City Council created a new Oshawa Transit Commission.
PZ's route map includes all the railroads in the Dnipropetrovsk, Zaporizhya, Kharkiv and Kherson oblasts of Ukraine.
MDT has seen growing passenger ridership since 1998, with ridership increasing 79% since then.
T4 Topkapı - Mescid-i Selam tram line is a tramline in Istanbul, Turkey, operated by Istanbul Ulaşım AŞ.
Due to not achieving a measure of solvency, the company took on debts of £500 and went into liquidation.
It was incorporated on May 10, 1880 as the Carson and Colorado Railroad, and construction on the railroad began on May 31, 1880.
Fukushima Transportation, Inc. is a rail and bus transportation company headquartered in Fukushima City, Fukushima Prefecture, Japan.
The Georgia Central Railway is owned by Rail Link, a subsidiary of Genesee & Wyoming Inc.
The last train to operate into Durango from the east was on December 6, 1968.
It opened in 1879 and closed in 1929.
The attraction originated as a concept created by Walt Disney, who drew inspiration from the ridable miniature Carolwood Pacific Railroad built in his backyard.
The flat fare is 5 baht, and will be increased to 15 baht.
The property eventually became part of Southern Railway Company on July 7, 1894, through its acquisition of the East Tennessee, Virginia and Georgia Railway Company.
The Joint Committee, which controlled the line, built a branch to Govan and later to Cessnock Dock, and then Prince's Dock.
The Masivo Integrado de Occidente, also referred to as MIO, is a bus rapid transit system that serves Santiago de Cali, Colombia.
The Cercanías system works in conjunction with the metro servicing commuter train services to and across the city.
Proposals for a metro system serving Nanjing first began in 1984, with approval by the State Planning Commission granted in 1994.
The Government of West Bengal and SREI Infrastructure Finance signed a memorandum of understanding to set up the light rail transit system.
Until the 2006 Lathen maglev train accident, the trains often carried paying passengers, possibly to "show off" the maglev.
Later corporate reorganizations brought on by financial difficulties saw the line operated as the "Eureka and Palisade Railway" and the "Eureka Nevada Railway."
TEC was founded in 1991 through the breakup of the former Belgian SNCV into separate companies for Wallonia and Flanders.
It employed 2,734 people and reported 103 million boardings in 2016.
The Brisbane Valley railway line was a railway connection in Queensland, Australia connecting Ipswich, west of Brisbane, to the upper Brisbane River valley.
Service on the western side of the Hudson is operated by New Jersey Transit under contract with the MTA.
The Perry Lumber Company was an early 20th-century company which owned timberland in Perry County, Pennsylvania.
In The Hangzhou government invested 180 million yuan to launch the program, and 270 million yuan in discounted loans.
The Bonn Stadtbahn is a part of the local public transit system in Bonn and the surrounding Rhein-Sieg area, that also includes the Bonn Straßenbahn.
Its combined route length is 65 kilometres and there are 38 stations.
The Toulouse metro serves the city of Toulouse, France, and some of the surrounding area.
The system uses some dedicated elevated roadways as well as dedicated lanes on bridges which allow buses to reach speeds of 60 km/h.
The Mason and Oceana Railroad was a short, 3 ft narrow gauge line in the U.S. state of Michigan.
It is part of the larger public transport system of Barcelona, the capital of Catalonia, with unified fares under the Autoritat del Transport Metropolità scheme.
The Chesapeake and Albemarle Railroad is a short-line railroad that operates 68 miles of track from Chesapeake, Virginia to Edenton, North Carolina.
Early enabling works commenced in late 2016, with major construction expected to commence in 2018, and expected completion in 2026.
The Pyongyang Metro has a museum devoted to its construction and history.
It is made up of 12 lines, combining the lines owned by the two companies.
The system has 270 stations and 250 miles of track.
The Mad River and Lake Erie Railroad was the second railroad to be built and operated in the U.S. state of Ohio.
While the subway system itself is largely within the city center, the lines extend far out via extensive through services onto suburban railway lines.
It has three lines, totaling 27.8 kilometres, and 37 stations.
With its fragmented structure, it does not currently function as a backbone of the city's public transport.
The Crewe system was soon adopted elsewhere.
While turning north, the middle stop is in the neighbourhood of Garneau at 90 Avenue, before getting on the High Level Bridge.
The company, however, never completely ceased operations.
The first line opened in 1901 to LaGrange.
There are plans for its renovation and for services to be reinstated.
There is a stop in the historic coal mining town of Blue Heron, Kentucky which can be toured.
The trolley is a 3 ft narrow gauge vehicle, and runs on the track built for the White Pass and Yukon Route.
Kochi metro also includes the technology for driverless trains and is hoping to implement this in the near future.
Empresa Metropolitana de Servicios y Administración del Transporte is the transportation government agency of the municipality of Quito, Ecuador.
The Red Line provides service from the University of Utah to the Daybreak Community of South Jordan.
The Nicholson Cutoff is located on the Sunbury Line.
Ludhiana Metro is a proposed rapid transit system for the city of Ludhiana, Punjab.
Pixie is currently undergoing restoration as of 2014.
It is notable for being the only private transportation system in the United States constructed to run above public streets.
The Oregon Pacific Railroad was organized on September 15, 1880, as a successor to the WV&C.
The cars are now used as storage sheds, although there are some calls to preserve them.
In 2012 it became one of the three largest transport companies in the world.
Most of its lines came under the control of Japanese Government Railways following nationalization in 1907, and many are now operated by Kyushu Railway Company.
These include traffic signal co-ordination with adaptive signal control and a centralised traffic control centre managing 46 traffic signals and priority for BRTS buses.
The MRSR's regular schedule runs weekends from Memorial Day to late October with special event Santa Express trains November through December.
When completed it is expected to offer over 1,000 full-time jobs to the Ghanaian public.
Trains ran from Sonyea south through Nunda to Swain.
The company was consolidated with the Southern Pacific Railroad in 1870.
The railroad prospered during the first year of the American Civil War but was wrecked during the Peninsula Campaign.
The Los Angeles & San Pedro Railroad was Southern California's first railroad.
The new railway included a branch on Spring Street.
The railway is operated by the Claude Jessett Trust Company.
The Bloomsburg and Sullivan Railroad Company's headquarters was in Williamsport, Pennsylvania, and the managers of the company were James Corcoran and Thomas Wheeler.
Bhopal BRTS is a BRTS pilot project being built to serve the Indian city of Bhopal, located in the state of Madhya Pradesh.
This building has recently been awarded heritage status and a large sum of money has been spent on renovations on the roof.
The Hedjaz Jordan Railway takes over the line in Jordan.
Alabama and Tennessee River Rail Road Company was incorporated under act of Alabama on March 4, 1848.
On July 18, 1901, the name was changed to Ludington and Northern Railway when Justus Smith Stearns purchased it.
The tram dates back to the start of electrical operation, back in 1926.
The High Level Bridge Streetcar is a historic streetcar ride over the High Level Bridge in Edmonton, Alberta.
The Penang Rapid Transit is a proposed mass-transit rail system for the Greater Penang which covers the Penang Island, Seberang Perai and Kulim.
The first phase, Shenzhen–Guangzhou, commenced revenue operation in December 2011.
The Chattenden and Upnor Railway was a narrow gauge railway serving the military barracks and depot at Upnor and associated munitions and training depots.
The integration of the Octopus smart card fare-payment technology into the MTR system in September 1997 has further enhanced the ease of commuting on the MTR.
The program launched May 2012 with just 18 bikes at 3 stations.
Dublinbikes is a public bicycle rental scheme which has operated in the city of Dublin since 2009.
The system is planned to consist of three rail lines covering a total distance of 106.4 kilometres.
The Forest Railway Welschbruch was a narrow gauge forest railway near Barr in the Bas-Rhin department of France.
The Mashhad Urban Railway is a rapid transit urban rail line in Mashhad, Iran.
Established in 2007, it serves a large part of Greater London and parts of Hertfordshire, with 112 stations on several routes.
The WDWRR's development was led by Roger E. Broggie, who also oversaw the construction of the Disneyland Railroad in Disneyland in Anaheim, California.
Although technically an underground, most of the system's track length is above ground.
It consists of 6 metro lines spanning a total length of 176 kilometers with 85 stations.
It opened a short section to Nanpean in 1869, the remainder being built by the Cornwall Minerals Railway who took over the company in 1874.
It is thus the oldest surviving underground urban rail line in continental Europe.
Construction of the facility began in 1980 and was completed in 1984.
In 1992 the trains of the monorail were used at the Dutch Floriade before they were sold to the Malaysian theme park.
The word "Akron" was derived from a Greek word meaning high.
Rapid Metro is a metro system serving the city of Gurgaon, Haryana.
In May 2018, Heathrow Connect services and the Heathrow Express shuttle will also come under TfL Rail operation.
The second phase of the project began commercial operation on 31 March 2017.
The Adirondack Railway was a short-lived tourist railroad which operated in northeastern New York.
Elbląg's tram network is the second oldest tram system in Poland.
It is the most extensive and second oldest metro system in the insular Caribbean and Central American region by length and number of stations.
The car runs each year from May to September.
Part of the right-of-way was used for the current alignment of U.S. 1, built in 1956; the rest was abandoned and has been mostly redeveloped.
The Karlsruhe Stadtbahn is operated in co-operation by Albtal-Verkehrs-Gesellschaft, Verkehrsbetriebe Karlsruhe and Deutsche Bahn.
Railroad attractions are now featured at many other Disney theme parks around the world.
Much of the route of the line is now incorporated into the Alban Way, a footpath and cycleway.
Station stops on the line along were Bedford, Springs Road, Bedford Springs, South Billerica, Turnpike, Billerica, Bennett Hall and North Billerica.
The Norfolk and Western Railway purchased the company in 1962 and reorganized it as the Norfolk, Franklin and Danville Railway.
It is not expected to be over before 2018.
V/Line carried 16.8 million passengers in the 2015/16 financial year.
Another locomotive that has survived is #7, a 2-6-2 Prairie named Pufferbilly that was built in 1915 by the H.K.
The name literally translates as Serfaus Village Railway.
This is China's second maglev line, after Shanghai Maglev, and the first domestically built maglev line that uses indigenous technology.
San Joaquin RTD operates 36 fixed routes to the Stockton metropolitan area, including 2 Metro Express routes, RTD’s Bus Rapid Transit service.
Ticket price is 1000 Iranian Toman for each journey, regardless of the distance traveled, but using prepaid tickets costs much less.
Chartered in 1900, it opened for business in 1906.
A special purpose vehicle, Kolkata Mass Rapid Transit Pvt Ltd has been formed to execute this Rs.6000 crore project.
The Naples Metro is the metro system serving the city of Naples, Italy.
Mumbai BRTS is a bus rapid transit system in Mumbai, India.
Blackpool Pleasure Beach Express is a 21 in narrow gauge railway, built in 1933 as a tourist attraction at Pleasure Beach Blackpool, Lancashire.
It was operated by Arrow Light Rail, another consortium, from 9 March 2004 until 16 December 2011.
Train service began on 23 July 1890.
In 2015 most were part of Chicago Transit Authority bus routes.
The line starts in Stockholm at Stockholm East Station.
Outside of Dresden, it runs to the centres of Freital, Meissen, Pirna, Radebeul and since 9 December 2007 also to Freiberg.
It was operated as horse tramway from 1890 until 1892, and as an electrified tramway from 1908 until 1972.
The streetcar line operates between downtown Dallas and Oak Cliff by way of the Houston Street Viaduct.
Later the railroad shifted location from the Columbia line to a branch from Taylorsville to Soso, Mississippi and was owned by Richard Abernathy.
The line went bankrupt and a receiver was appointed on August 3, 1911; it did not operate during 1911 and 1912.
The main line connected Oxford and Peach Bottom, Pennsylvania.
After the Francis Scott Key Bridge replaced the Aqueduct Bridge in 1923, none of the Virginia lines terminated in Georgetown.
It has more than 440 stations and 3,700 bicycles, all owned by these local governments and operated in a public-private partnership with Motivate International.
Further plans to extend Line 3 to neighbouring Kunshan city and to connect system with the Shanghai Metro are under active review.
The company were the first operators of rail services between Hobart and Launceston, where it connected with the Launceston and Western Railway.
The cars operated around the loop counterclockwise, and had an Automatic Block Signal system.
An 8-kilometer section of the route is elevated.
It is planned to have a length of 430 kilometers with 9 lines once all construction is complete by 2020.
Primary commodities include woodchips, lumber products, butane, and plastics, generating 570 annual carloads.
The Perry Lumber Railroad used part of a roadbed originally cleared and graded by the Path Valley Railroad.
It is the highest service category offered by DB Fernverkehr and is the flagship of Deutsche Bahn.
The Bangkok BRT is a bus rapid transit system in Bangkok, Thailand.
The CCLC bought the locomotive in 1928.
Ahmedabad Monorail is a proposed monorail system for the city of Ahmedabad.
Currently MKP operates 16 urban and 4 regional lines.
It was authorised in 1925, but ultimately not constructed.
The Peak Tram is owned and operated by Hongkong and Shanghai Hotels, the owner of Hong Kong's famous Peninsula Hotel along with many other properties.
The project is the first regular passenger streetcar service in Atlanta since the original Atlanta streetcars were phased out in 1949.
In April 2012, one of Moscow's transport officials announced that he believed that the system should be closed down and dismantled in the future.
The metro opened on 1 May 2003.
Almaty Metro is a rapid transit/metro system in Almaty, Kazakhstan.
In local Poznań dialect trams are called bimby, bimba.
Camrail is a company operating passenger and freight traffic between the two largest cities in Cameroon and several smaller cities.
The railroad operates within the confines of Walter Industries in North Birmingham.
It is operated by the Stuttgarter Straßenbahnen AG, which also operates the bus systems in that city.
The system began operation on 26 September 2013 with the opening of Line 1, which is 17.47 km in length and has 17 stations in service.
Samsun Light Rail Transit System Project is a transit system located in Samsun, Turkey.
As of May 2017, the system has deployed 180 stations with a fleet of over 1,600 bikes.
It was rebuilt after the Civil War.
The company owned one Class B 25-ton Climax locomotive, Alfarata, which was housed in a crude enginehouse at New Germantown.
An extension southwest of Edirnekapı to Topkapı was opened on 18 March 2009.
From 1895 to 1993 there was a responsible Minister, the Minister of Railways.
It currently covers 114 km in two sections.
The name was changed to Iowa Terminal Railroad in 1961 when new owners from Michigan took over.
Hazaribagh Road is a railway station on the Grand Chord line of East Central Railway.
It was largely abandoned in 1987, with the remainder leased to the Alabama and Florida Railway.
It is a Translohr system, meaning it is guided by a single rail and powered by electricity from overhead wires.
There is one transit hub, located at the intersection of 11th Avenue and Fremont Street.
SEPTA has the 6th-largest U.S. rapid transit system by ridership, and the 5th largest overall transit system, with about 306.9 million annual unlinked trips.
The cars had unique styling until they were redesigned in 1978 to be rectangular and their names were removed.
The Los Teques Metro currently operates one service connecting 5 stations, with additional stations for Line 2 under construction.
The Orléans tramway consists of two tram lines in the city of Orléans, Centre-Val de Loire, France.
The project was spearheaded by Matthew Kirkwood who became the first general manager.
The CR used a 5 ft 2 1⁄2 in broad gauge, similar to other Pennsylvania interurban lines.
The Smoky Mountain Railroad was a standard gauge class-III Shortline that operated from Knoxville, Tennessee to Sevierville, Tennessee from 1909 until 1961.
No underground system exists in Manchester, however this was proposed on numerous occasions before the Metrolink tram system was built.
Of five routes that were originally planned, only one line has been operating since 2010, with the other routes cancelled.
It began operation on May 25, 1981 and has expanded as the city has increased in population.
It is estimated to cost ₹86.80 billion.
The Old Colony Railroad was a major railroad system, mainly covering southeastern Massachusetts and parts of Rhode Island.
The bicycles in the system are manufactured by Cycles Devinci.
The Metro Line is a 3.3-kilometre extension of the system from Churchill LRT Station in downtown Edmonton northwest to NAIT LRT Station.
The line is used for some freight services and other passenger services, such as The Savannahlander.
Despite the guiding rail the system uses parallel overhead lines, which were already in place from the old trolleybus system.
The primary sources of revenue included transport of passengers and express, coal, cotton and cotton by-products, livestock, and building materials.
It is distinguished from the Hannover Stadtbahn, which emerged from the Hannover tram network.
The Kızılay to Atatürk Cultural Center link of M4 is not yet opened and remains under construction.
The company was formed in 1998 following the privatization of Mexico's railways.
LTV's Airtrans was an automated people mover system that operated at Dallas-Fort Worth International Airport between 1974 and 2005.
In the diagram this tramroad is not shown, but it passed along the axis of the street to the centre of the map.
Metrovalencia is a modern amalgamation of former FEVE narrow gauge diesel and electric operated suburban/regional railways.
SkyTrain is the metropolitan rail system of Greater Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada.
The locomotive-hauled double-decker trains had been replaced by electric multiple unit Bombardier Talent 2 trains.
James Gaboury was the owner of the horse-drawn system that was converted to electricity.
Metrobus is an Australian high frequency, high capacity bus network in Sydney that links key employment and growth centres.
There came to be problems with interpretation of the franchise terms, for the city.
Extensions are planned to bring the system into the western metro area, with construction anticipated near the end of the decade.
The plan was slightly revised after the public comment period.
The line stops at six stations: Riverfront, Donelson, Hermitage, Mt.
Construction was started in Lehigh, Oklahoma, in 1906 and was completed to Chickasha, Oklahoma, in 1908.
The Charlottesville and Albemarle Railway was a short electric street railroad operating within the city of Charlottesville, Virginia, United States, during the early 20th century.
The dead POWs included 6,904 British personnel, 2,802 Australians, 2,782 Dutch, and 133 Americans.
The Metro opened on 26 April 1991, and is 12.7 kilometres long and serves 9 stations.
It was the first hanging monorail in North America.
The line operates on 32 miles of existing freight tracks, and serves nine stations.
The Campbeltown and Machrihanish Light Railway was a 2 ft 3 in narrow gauge railway in Kintyre, Scotland, between Campbeltown and the coalmining village of Machrihanish.
Sir Ralph Wedgwood was the Chief Officer for its first 16 years.
It was sold to its main customer, Lucas Oil Products, on May 25, 2006.
Opened in 1984, it presently consists of 2 lines and 29 stations, totaling 37.27 kilometres.
It is now part of the Metro-North Railroad system, and the only Manhattan trackage of that system.
Jaipur Metro is a rapid transit system in the city of Jaipur, Rajasthan, India.
Although it is segregated from the Chennai Suburban Railway, they both are operated by Southern Railway and are integrated in a wider urban rail network.
The North East and South West Alabama Railroad Company was incorporated under special acts of Alabama, December 15, 1853, and of Mississippi, February 27, 1854.
It began operation on January 28, 1998.
The line was purchased by the Market Street Railway in 1887.
Part of the trackbed today provides a section of the Milton Keynes redway system.
The under-construction Regional Connector would directly link this line to Union Station and beyond.
In the longer term, these two routes may be upgraded to bus rapid transit.
In March 2011, it had 60,600 bicycles, and 2,416 stations.
The Sendai Subway is a subway system in Sendai, Japan.
The railroad was completed to West Point on April 28, 1851.
Depot is located in Huai Khwang District, near MRT Blue Line depot.
In 2007, RTA was named the best public transit system in North America by the American Public Transportation Association, for "demonstrating achievement in efficiency and effectiveness."
The Sofia Metropolitan is the rapid transit network servicing the Bulgarian capital city Sofia.
From Stevenson, the road was connected to Chattanooga, Tennessee via the Nashville and Chattanooga Railroad.
The tram is the cheapest mode of public transport on the island.
Steam locomotives based at the railway were Velinheli built by Hunslet in 1886 and Sybil built by W.G.
Two lines, L9 and L10 are being built at present, with both lines having different sections of each opened between 2009 and 2016.
The Purple Line is a heavy rail subway line operating in Los Angeles, running between downtown and the Mid-Wilshire/Koreatown districts.
The Sacramento Northern Railway was an 183-mile electric interurban railway that connectected Chico in northern California with Oakland via the California capital, Sacramento.
4 sections of 4 Lines are under construction.
The North-South corridor starts at Airport and goes to Munshi Pulia, with a total length of 22.878 kilometres.
The St. Gallen S-Bahn is an S-Bahn-style commuter rail network centred on St. Gallen, Switzerland.
The Ashover Light Railway was a 1 ft 11 1⁄2 in narrow gauge railway in Derbyshire, England that connected Clay Cross and Ashover.
It is an unusual track gauge of 5 ft.
The company ceased streetcar operations and was renamed Cincinnati Transit Commission.
The company was placed in receivership by the Governor of Tennessee in 1866 because it defaulted on the payment of the interest on its debt.
The steam engines are run based on availability of volunteer operators, who comprise the great majority of railroad personnel.
By early 1870 the D&H had completed 52 miles of line, although it remained unopened.
It operated mainly to transport golfers to the golf links and holidaymakers to the coastal dunes.
The initial 10.4-km route opened in June 2007, and a 2.7-km extension to Mercado Periférico opened in September 2012.
Like other large Japanese cities, Kobe's subway system is heavily complemented by suburban rail.
The attraction's locomotives were acquired from the Ferrocarriles Unidos de Yucatán, a narrow-gauge railroad system in Mexico.
It is being built in three phases over a 15-year period, with overall completion expected in 2021.
Headquartered in Fort Worth, Texas, the railroad is a wholly owned subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway Inc.
The former Rodalies Barcelona was handed over to the Catalan Government and renamed "Rodalies de Catalunya ".
The Alloa Railway was authorised on 11 August 1879 to link the South Alloa Branch of the Scottish Central Railway to the Stirling and Dunfermline Railway.
A fleet of 125 buses cover all major destinations across the city; and with Cuttack, Puri and Khurda.
The Finger Lakes Railway is a class III railroad in the Finger Lakes region of New York.
By the 1960s, the Manistique & Lake Superior had been reduced to only one working locomotive.
Line 1 is planned to open on 2017.
The Victor Emmanuel Railway Company had served its purpose and the work on the line was continued in partnership between France and Italy.
Line 1 opened four years later in 1997 with five stations in operation.
After the dissolution of the USSR, the Soviet Railways were split into 14 different national railways belonging to the respective countries.
The Boot Hill and Western Railway, is a railway between Dodge City and Wilroads in Kansas owned by the Boot Hill and Western Railway Company.
The Davington Light Railway was a narrow gauge railway built to serve the armaments factories near Davington, in Kent, England.
The official rate since September 2006 is a tram every 5 minutes, but in fact the service is very irregular.
The Spurn Point Military Railway was a railway line in the East Riding of Yorkshire, England.
Stagecoach Group plc is an international transport group operating buses, trains, trams and express coaches.
The Mainline Electric Multiple Unit or MEMU is a commuter rail system in India operated by the Indian Railway for semi-urban and rural areas.
Columbus and Chattahoochee Railroad is a 26-mile-long freight railroad running from Girard, Alabama, to Mahrt, Alabama.
However, the yellow color of the line dates back to its opening in 1984.
Coal was delivered by barges and schooners to a large government-owned coal shed between the Randolph yard and the Kennebec River.
The system opened to the public in October 2012 , covering San José de Cotiza, La Bandera and El Cementerio.
Transcaucus Railway was the first railway in South Caucasus.
In 2014, the Stuttgart Stadtbahn carried 174.9 million passengers.
One branch was closed in 1952, and the remaining line was gradually run down and eventually closed in 1996.
The Portland Company locomotive built in 1890 was 12.5% heavier than any previous 2 ft gauge locomotive in Maine.
Despite this, the Osaka Municipal Subway has characteristics typical of that of a full-fledged metro system.
The Eastern Counties and Thames Junction Railway in east London connected the Royal Docks with the Eastern Counties Railway.
The Bay Line Railroad is one of several short line railroad companies owned by Genesee & Wyoming Inc.
The monorail system used four cars, with a driver in the front car, and seats in each car, with no standing capacity.
The line is still in heavy use today as the eastern end of the Inverclyde Line and the Ayrshire Coast Line.
Its forerunner was the Europabus brand network created by the Union des Services Routiers des Chemins de Fer Européens, 11 European compagnies, in 1951.
The Sealdah line has a rolling stock of 9,10,12 car EMU made by Jessop and ICF.
The line mainly carried milk from dairies in the region, acting as a feeder to the 4 ft 8 1⁄2 in standard gauge system.
The subway consists of two unconnected lines, the north-south Namboku Line, which opened in July 1987, and the east-west Tozai Line, which opened in December 2015.
Though technologically closer to a simple rubber-tyred metro, it was almost universally referred to as a monorail.
The Conseil Régional has since 2001 received several new multiple units diesel-electric, including single coach, double coach and refurbishment of three car DMUs.
Originally built with open-air cars, it was rebuilt in 2013 with enclosed cars to permit year-round operation.
It began operations on July 1, 1992 when it took over operations from the McCloud River Railroad.
Currently, the Hanover Stadtbahn system consists of 12 main lines and two supplemental lines), serving 196 stations, and operating on 121 kilometres of route.
This project is under construction and will be completed by the end of 2010.
With the success of this small railroad, a new railroad was built from Tuscumbia to Decatur via Courtland.
If completed, it would have comprised two lines, totalling up to 29 km.
Today, most of the surviving Erie Railroad routes are operated by the Norfolk Southern Railway.
Similar proposals have been made for the Tube.
As a result, the trolleys mostly operated on private rights-of-way that their companies leased or owned.
Rapid KL is a public transport system brought by Prasarana Malaysia and operated by its subsidiaries dedicated for Kuala Lumpur and Klang Valley area.
It runs the 8.8 km between Kokura station and Kikugaoka station in Kokura Minami ward in about 18 minutes.
The Portage Area Regional Transportation Authority, commonly referred to as PARTA, is a transit agency serving Portage County, Ohio.
It was absorbed into Ferrocarriles Nacionales de México in 1984.
The railroad also hosts a tourist train run by Gulf & Ohio Railways, the Three Rivers Rambler.
While TransJakarta deploys 1,056 buses in 2016 and also a significant increase from 605 buses in 2015.
California High-Speed Rail is a high-speed rail system currently under construction in the U.S. state of California.
The San Antonio and Mexican Gulf Railroad was a railroad set up in 1850 to connect the city of San Antonio to the Gulf of Mexico.
The network currently consists of one operational line of 27.22 km from Noapara to Kavi Subhash with five other lines in various phases of construction.
From Cusco, PeruRail provides passenger services on the 3 ft gauge Ferrocarril Santa Ana to Aguas Calientes, delivering tourists for Machu Picchu.
Its headquarters are at 605 Rossland Rd East in Whitby, Ontario, and there are regional centres in Ajax, Whitby, and Oshawa.
The counties of Macomb, Oakland, Washtenaw, and Wayne are included in the agency's jurisdiction.
Overall, the system contains 236 miles of routes, translating into 665 miles of revenue track; and a total of 850 miles including non-revenue trackage.
It became the first Nordic underground railway in 1928 when the underground line to Nationaltheatret was opened.
The route operates from Monday to Friday during the morning and afternoon rush hours.
The service is free of charge to both residents of the city and tourists, and is available 24 hours a day.
Although the Oregon Portage was the first railroad in Oregon, it was not the first along the Columbia River.
Some routes operate wholly or partly within their own rights-of-way, and stop on demand at frequent stops.
The locomotive was sold again in 1947.
The SMART District was established by state legislation in 2002.
The Cumbres & Toltec Scenic Railroad received the Designation of a National Historic Landmark in 2012 by the United States National Park Service.
A rapid transit design was first discarded, and in the 1990s a light rail line was proposed.
The railroad saw much action and destruction during the Siege of Petersburg at the end of the American Civil War.
Line 1 is the first Metro line in China to have been wrongly referred to as a light rail system in Chinese terminology.
Beyond Birchmount, radial service ceased by 1936.
Its administrative headquarters is in Chennai, which also happens to be the headquarters of the Southern Railway.
The HSH network is entirely unelectrified, and trains are hauled by Czechoslovak T-669 diesel electric locomotives.
The project was announced by state Chief Minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan on October 17, 2014.
As of 2016, two extensions of the Blue Line are under construction.
In 1986 it extended to 105 km of track covering 12 different routes.
BNSF trains traveled over 169 million miles in 2010, more than any other North American railroad.
It now forms part of the Naples–Salerno line.
The Taichung Metro is a rapid transit system currently being constructed by the city government of Taichung, Taiwan.
In October 2016, it was reported that Metro North's trains may be automated, meaning that they would be the first driverless trains in Ireland.
The daily ridership of Wuhan Metro ranges from 1,500,000 to 2,000,000.
With an average weekday ridership of 128,500 passengers as of the fourth quarter of 2014, Muni Metro is the United States' third busiest light rail system.
The Stansted Airport Track Transit System is a fully automated people mover system located at London Stansted Airport in the United Kingdom
Cherryvale to Sherwin, KS to Liberal, MO,
The city bus service has 6 private partners along with the city administration and the total investment has gone more than 40 Crores.
The Fukuoka City Subway serves Fukuoka, Japan.
The system was launched in 1981 and like most former Soviet Metros, its stations are very deep and intricately decorated with national motifs.
The other, located north of Oceanside at Stuart Mesa on Camp Pendleton, is shared with Metrolink and is the location of the main maintenance facility.
The railroad was leased as of 1 April 1870, by the Pennsylvania Railroad.
The company built a sawmill, two stave mills, and a lath mill in East Waterford.
The first phase is 95.6 km in length, including 42.3 km underground and 53.3 km on ground.
Terre Haute Transit Utility or Terre Haute City Bus provides public transportation in the city of Terre Haute, Vigo County, Indiana
The service was started in October 2010.
Currently the railroad is a subsidiary of Ironhorse Resources.
The railroad was originally part of the Norfolk Southern Railroad, which continued south, crossing the Albemarle Sound and on to Mackeys Ferry and Plymouth.
The lease of the former Canandaiua lines was allowed to lapse.
In total, the Metrorex system is 71.35 kilometres long and has 53 stations.
Grand River Transit is the public transport operator for the Region of Waterloo, Ontario, Canada.
The company leased its line to the Taff Vale Railway in 1870.
The first line was planned to relieve traffic congestion in the Máximo Gómez and Hermanas Mirabal Avenue.
The system operates on standard gauge and uses 750 V DC overhead.
While most of the system was auctioned and sold for scrap, some guideways and stations remain.
As of June 2013, the San Antonio B-cycle system consisted of 42 stations and over 400 bikes.
The 467 serves an average of 17,676 daily passengers on an average weekday.
Its two lines finally opened in service on 30 July 2014.
The Great Laxey Mine Railway was originally constructed to serve the Isle of Man's Great Laxey Mine, a lead mine located in Laxey.
Washington's western slope beginning at an elevation of approximately 2,700 feet above sea level and ending just short of the mountain's summit peak of 6,288 feet.
Together with the S-Bahn, a network of suburban train lines, it serves as the main means of transport in the capital.
Later, the line acquired the use of a steam locomotive.
It was progressively extended northwards, and a second line, the Mineral Loop was opened to connect newly opened mineral workings.
The initial line was an end-to-end layout running from the house to the adventure playground.
A portion of the railroad later became part of the Alaska Railroad.
Its business was located at the mouth of the Crane Creek Canyon.
The railroad also has a 7-mile branch line that runs from Ray Junction to Ray, Arizona.
It is expected to become the first operational bus rapid transit project in the Philippines.
Light rail service in Seattle began in 2009, and is the largest part of the Sound Transit system in terms of ridership.
Headquartered in Maligaon, Guwahati in the state of Assam, it is responsible for rail operations in the entire Northeast and parts of West Bengal and Bihar.
In other parts of Germany and other German-speaking countries, the brand name S-Bahn is used without those Berlin specific features.
The other one, EAV, operates the Circumvesuviana, Cumana, Circumflegrea and MetroCampania NordEst.
Normal revenue service with all 7 stations along Line 1 began 18 November 2007.
The network serves twenty French regions; Île-de-France and Corsica have their own specific transport systems.
The first horsecar tram line was opened in 1891, and the first electric tram ran in 1910.
The railway has 4 stations - Common Lane, Pinesway Junction, Park Lane and Tower View.
Revenues declined through the 1920s until the railway was purchased by the Westchester Coach Co. in 1926.
The first two lines will cost about 23 billion yuan and be completed by 2020.
It was declared a permanent fixture in the region on May 16, 2012 after being deliberated before city council.
The Tianjin Metro is the rapid transit system in the city of Tianjin, which was the second city in China to operate a subway system.
The São Paulo Metro was voted Best Metro Americas at the MetroRail 2010 industry conference.
Wheel-Trans only provides service within the City of Toronto and accepts regular TTC fare.
Roslagsbanan is a 891 mm narrow gauge urban railway system in Roslagen, Stockholm County, Sweden.
In January 2016, the ridership is 320,000 passengers per day.
Tiruchirappalli Bicycle Share is a new proposed bicycle sharing system for the city of Tiruchirappalli.
Currently, it is the fifth biggest Metro company in Spain by number of passengers carried – it carried 14.45 million passengers in 2014.
It takes about one hour and 55 minutes to climb one way including the stop off at the falls.
The Shoals Canal was congested and the state pursued funding for a railroad between The Shoals and the calmer waters in Decatur.
The Riyadh Metro is a rapid transit system serving the city of Riyadh.
It was completed in the mid-1990s and was called the Nickelodeon Line.
A free shuttle bus to Los Angeles International Airport is available at the line's Aviation/LAX Station.
The system has a mix of underground and elevated stations and uses standard gauge.
The original tramway network in Lyon was developed in 1879, and the modern network was built in 2001.
The C&A's electric streetcars operated off of an overhead line system that was powered by the railroad's own power plant.
Every year on Remembrance Day a commemorative ceremony is held at the war memorial preceded by music from a local marching band.
An elevated monorail will run through Ahmedabads walled city on the east bank of the Sabarmati and it will cover a 30 km circular route.
The company belongs to the Ministry of Railways of Turkmenistan.
It was created on June 1, 2017 by the Loi 76 and took over from the Agence métropolitaine de transport.
In Maryland, Metro provides service to Montgomery and Prince George's counties; in Virginia, to Arlington and Fairfax counties and the independent city of Alexandria.
On 21 July 1879 the line was leased to the Great Eastern Railway for 999 years, commencing 1 March 1880.
In 1869, the Central Railroad and Banking Company of Georgia acquired control of the Upson County Railroad through ownership of a majority of the capital stock.
Metro Donostialdea is a rapid transit system serving the city of San Sebastián and the Donostialdea area, within Gipuzkoa and reaching the city of Hendaye.
It extended for 3.75 miles, connecting Kilnsea with Spurn Point in the Humber Estuary.
The ticket prices are 3,500 IDR for adults and 2,500 IDR for students.
The Chemins de Fer Ottomans d'Anatolie, founded on 4 October 1888, was a railway company that operated in the Ottoman Empire.
It also has real-time train information at every station.
Walnut Hills and Cincinnati Street Railway 1872-1880
The first public system opened at London's Heathrow Airport in May 2011.
It is operated by Kyoto Municipal Transportation Bureau.
The line was lifted and abandoned in 1922 after bushfires destroyed several bridges along the line.
It carried 1.520 billion passengers in 2015, 4.16 million passengers a day.
There are 85 operational trainsets, made up of 1094 coaches.
The railway network consists of about 32,000 km of route, of which 1,800 km are high-speed lines and 14,500 km electrified.
The Cambridgeshire Guided Busway, known locally as The Busway, connects Cambridge, Huntingdon and St Ives in the English county of Cambridgeshire.
The TEOR is a bus rapid transit system operating in the city of Rouen, Normandy, France.
Green Line trains typically operate at 55–60 mph on the I-105 freeway portion and around 40 mph on the elevated portion west of Aviation/LAX Station.
This early technology was developed by the Belgian-American inventor Charles Joseph Van Depoele.
From 2010 to 2017 the line and its 20 Variotrams will be operated by Keolis Norge.
Wills Valley Railroad Company then changed its name to Alabama and Chattanooga Railroad Company.
Introduction of the trains are expected from 2016.
The company was formed in 1999 and granted a 20-year concession to operate the Cameroon National Railway.
Cercanías Madrid is the commuter rail service that serves Madrid, the capital of Spain, and its metropolitan area.
The brand name "ICE" is among the best-known in Germany, with a brand awareness close to 100%, according to DB.
Inside Budapest, standard BKK tickets and passes are valid on the BHÉV.
It is part of Pecorama, an exhibition owned by Peco.
There are 5 trains which operate on Pune Junction - Talegaon route while 18 trains operate on Pune Junction - Lonavla route.
The New York and New England Railroad was a major railroad connecting southern New York State with Hartford, Connecticut, Providence, Rhode Island, and Boston, Massachusetts.
Capital Bixi was run by the National Capital Commission, which sold the bike share program to CycleHop.
TfL Rail took control of the Liverpool Street to Shenfield "metro" service in May 2015.
Passenger services were permanently withdrawn in 1951, leaving goods traffic to linger on until December 1968.
SEPTA's headquarters are located at 1234 Market Street in Center City, Philadelphia.
In addition to Redondo Beach and Norwalk, the route also serves El Segundo, Hawthorne, South Los Angeles, Lynwood, Downey, and Willowbrook.
Phase 1 of the road development scheme, for Orchard Street and Kingsway, is complete.
The network comprises 80 stations with 100.1 kilometres of route among the three lines.
The Hong Kong International Airport Automated People Mover is a driverless people mover located within Hong Kong International Airport.
These measures have contributed to the betterment of the suburban railway service.
On March 17, 1871, the company was consolidated with Selma, Marion and Memphis Company to form The Selma, Marion and Memphis Railroad Company.
Indian Railways ran on average 13,313 passenger trains daily in 2015-16.
The Viceroy Special is a special passenger train service operated by J.F.
Line 1 was constructed between December 2005 and 2010, and opened at Sep 27th, making it the first heavy-rail metro line in south and west China.
After years of struggling with declining revenue during the Depression years, the railway's last day of service was April 30, 1931.
No service is provided on Sundays or Statutory Holidays.
This innovation did not save the line, however, and service ended permanently in 1917.
V/Line is owned by the V/Line Corporation, a Victorian State Government statutory authority.
Guangzhou Metro operates 184 stations, including 24 interchange stations, and 260.5 km of lines.
Ulaanbaatar Metro is a rapid transit system in the planning stages in Ulaanbaatar, Mongolia.
The rail line, constructed by WED Enterprises, operates with four historic steam locomotives originally built by Baldwin Locomotive Works.
The Córdoba Metro is a project that will, according to its proponents, serve the city of Córdoba, the second-largest city in Argentina.
Designed to compliment existing bus and rail transport networks, the BRT Federal line will employ all-electric buses similar to BRT Sunway Line, however at ground level.
To this, the L&N added the Shelby Iron Company's railroad to create the Alabama Mineral Railroad.
These passes do not provide access to all services, and may make booking tickets at regional offices impossible.
However, due to cost overrun and the cold response from the bidders the project was put on hold.
The streetcar lines are owned by the Seattle Department of Transportation and operated by King County Metro.
In December 2013 it was announced that Darwin Bus Service would be privatised.
The line is expected to open in 2024.
The Mulhouse tramway is a tram network in the French city of Mulhouse in Alsace, France.
The Glasgow, Paisley, Kilmarnock and Ayr Railway was a railway in Scotland that provided train services between Glasgow, Kilmarnock and Ayr.
Boston died in 1986, his widow Audrey kept the railway open for nearly twenty years, holding regular open days.
Beginning in 1991, Attiko Metro constructed and extended Lines 2 and 3 and the Attiko Metro Operations Company operated these lines from 2000 to 2011.
The company built trunk lines connecting Tokyo with the Tōhoku region to the northeast.
The Nuremberg U-Bahn is Germany's newest metro, having begun operation in 1972.
In the middle of the 1970s, the personnel magazine äMHoo was established for information purposes.
Eager to emulate the TGV's success, neighbouring countries Italy, Spain, and Germany developed their own high-speed rail services.
Go Whippet is a bus operator based in Swavesey, Cambridgeshire.
Service began in 2007 with a route between the City Hall and a market place at Centra Sur.
By December 1901, they had acquired eleven tracts of forested land near the border with Franklin County.
It was composed of two lines, one connecting Richmond with Windsor, the other connecting Richmond with Pictou via Truro.
It is the world's most northern metro system, and the only one in Finland.
The railroad was built as a common carrier with copper mining being its primary traffic.
Accra Monorail is a planned monorail system for Accra, Greater Accra, Ghana.
The Richmond and West Point Terminal Railway and Warehouse Company controlled the company through ownership of a majority of the outstanding capital stock.
Patiala State Monorail Trainways was a unique rail-guided, partially road-borne railways system running in Patiala from 1907 to 1927.
In addition, a tram network operates in the eastern parts of the city.
The Nuremberg U-Bahn is a metro run by VAG Nürnberg, which itself is a member of the VGN.
The Orient Express was a long-distance passenger train service created in 1883 by Compagnie Internationale des Wagons-Lits.
Rapid Metro has a total length of 11.7 kilometres serving 11 stations.
Although RCT was a private company, it operated under a franchise agreement with the city of Portland, through which the city had some oversight control.
Changsha Metro is a metro system in Changsha, the capital city of Hunan province in China.
The railroad's traffic comes largely from agricultural products, including both raw and processed grain products, as well as chemicals and completed tractors.
Top speed for trains in regular service is currently 305 km/h, though the infrastructure is designed for 350 km/h.
The track gauge is 7 1⁄2 in.
However there are several other lines stretching out to regional provinces.
A small ramp folds down from the bus onto the platform so there is no gap to cross to enter or leave the vehicle.
Nizam's Guaranteed State Railway was a Railway Company in India between 1879 and 1950, and was owned by the Nizam's Hyderabad State.
The system is planned to connect Jakarta city center with suburbs in Greater Jakarta such as Bekasi, Bogor and Depok.
In addition, the Underground does not cover most southern parts of Greater London, with less than 10% of the stations located south of the River Thames.
The BHRR operates on 75.9 miles of track providing switching services in the Birmingham, Alabama area.
In February 2017, the government announced that work on four new metro lines would start in 2017 at a cost of 160 billion Yuan.
Sleepers are rotten in parts, fishplates unbolted, pointwork derelict, some rails have sunk some 8 cms below the road surface, overhead voltage supply is poorly regulated.
The road bridge was replaced in 1970, and the rails were finally removed in 1972.
The line was operated with enclosed "dummy" steam locomotives so as not to frighten horses as they operated along city streets.
It linked Westland Row in Dublin with Kingstown Harbour in County Dublin.
The fare for AC bus services ranges between Rs 16 to Rs 42.
The service commenced in 1994 and currently consists of three colour coded lines.
Angers is the second city using such system, after Bordeaux.
The Midland Great Western Railway was the third largest Irish gauge) railway company in Ireland.
Local bus services in Gwynedd were run by Silver Star until November 2010, when they were sold to Express Motors.
The Calaveras Cement Company closed the plant at Kentucky House in 1984.
The Carowinds Monorail was a monorail at the Carowinds amusement park in both Charlotte, North Carolina and Fort Mill, South Carolina.
The NPBL serves Norfolk, Portsmouth and Chesapeake and has been operating since 1898.
Kolkata Light Rail Transit System is a mass rapid transit system proposed for the city of Kolkata in India.
The company declared bankruptcy in 2012 and sold the line to the Heart of Texas Railroad in 2013.
Line 800 is one of CFR's main lines in Romania, having a total length of 268 km.
Metrolink has 93 stops along 57 miles of standard-gauge track making it the largest light rail system in the United Kingdom.
Although the city's economy was built on tourism, most of its income now derives from real estate and financial services.
The Jersey Eastern Railway was a railway that began operations on 6 August 1873 in Jersey.
Since that time, multiple alterations have been made to its route including the addition of two large dioramas in the late 1950s and mid-1960s.
It also operated local streetcar lines in both Aurora and Elgin.
The electric line only operated in the summer months, and connected to a ferry boat that transported passengers across the Genesee River to Charlotte.
The Volgograd Metrotram was inaugurated on 5 November 1984, and had served 50 million passengers per year at the time the 2011 extension was opened.
The railroad was headquartered in Kobe, and Nakamigawa Hikojirō served as head of the railroad.
The Valley and Siletz Railroad is a 40.6-mile defunct railroad located in Polk and Benton counties in the U.S. state of Oregon.
The railway is a federally designated National Historic Landmark and is also designated by the American Society of Civil Engineers as a Historic Civil Engineering Landmark.
The system has a total of 69 stations, 14 of which are within the city of Helsinki.
On September 19, 2015, Norfolk Southern Railway commenced acquisition of the D&H South Line from CP.
Tickets on air-conditioned trains were slightly more expensive and were sold at all stations.
Track was also laid in the canyon of the Malheur River to reserve that pass for the railroad.
The Innsbruck tram network is operated by the Innsbrucker Verkehrsbetriebe und Stubaitalbahn company.
The section between Banbury and Buckingham closed on 2 January 1961, with the section Buckingham-Verney Jn abandoned on 5 December 1966.
The revenue of division in 2014-15 fiscal was ₹900 crore.
The 1.1 km long system connects the airport's main Airside Center with its mid-field Terminal E, passing underneath Runway 10/28.
The Pittsburgh and Castle Shannon Railroad was a 3 ft 4 in narrow-gauge railroad in Allegheny County, Pennsylvania.
As such, season tickets are available, and Pasmo and Suica IC cards can also be used on this line.
Chandigarh Metro is a proposed rapid transit system for the city and union territory of Chandigarh in India.
A total of 65 stations in the suburban section have cycle stands.
It operated only within the city proper.
Blenheim Park Railway is a 15 in gauge miniature railway operating in the grounds of Blenheim Palace, in Oxfordshire, England.
It is 1.4 km in length and has 4 stations.
Prices are regulated by the regional transport association VBB.
It is an electric rail public transit system operating in the metropolitan area of Leipzig-Halle, Germany.
The single-line subway network first opened in 2006 with 12 stations.
Line 6 opened on June 28, 2012, connecting the city with its new airport, Kunming Changshui International Airport.
It is one of the four commercial brands under which Basque Railways operates, as a public company managed by the Basque Government.
The Big Move calls for a connecting rapid transit corridor at this terminus, which would proceed south to the Burlington GO Station and Downtown Burlington.
Edmonton Light Rail Transit, commonly referred to as the LRT, is a light rail system in Edmonton, Alberta.
It operated from 1895 until 1939, connecting Rye to the coast.
The railroad opened on August 1, 1891.
Bangalore Metropolitan Transport Corporation is a government agency that operates the public transport bus service in Bangalore, India.
Omsk Metro is a rapid transit line that has been in various phases of construction since 1992 in Omsk, Russia.
Trams returned to Istanbul in 1990, with the opening of the Taksim-Tünel Nostalgia Tramway.
Since September 2012 Transborder Express has been owned by ComfortDelGro Australia.
The 18th-century woodland gardens are open all year round.
The Ballarat Line Upgrade will enable extra services in the morning and afternoon peaks, serving commuters between Ballarat and Melbourne.
Dwindling freight traffic and deteriorating track conditions led to the line's closure in July 1984.
The Metrotranvía of Mendoza serves the metropolitan area of Mendoza, which includes the departments of Las Heras, Central district, Godoy Cruz, Maipú and Luján de Cuyo.
It is acronym for Rangkaian Pengangkutan Intergrasi Deras Kuala Lumpur Sdn Bhd.
All the electrified lines use 25 kV AC electric traction.
MR has steadily increased the reach of its network in the last two decades, from nearly 3200 km in 1988 to 5403 km in 2010.
The Penlee Quarry railway was a 2 ft narrow gauge industrial railway serving the Penlee Quarry at Newlyn in Cornwall, England, UK.
The Budapest Metro is the rapid transit system in the Hungarian capital Budapest.
The group is headquartered in Perth, Scotland, and operates subsidiaries in the United Kingdom, United States and Canada.
All trolley service was converted to bus operation immediately after.
It ran from Newport, Pennsylvania to New Germantown, Pennsylvania.
Hubway is a bicycle sharing system in the Boston, Massachusetts metro area.
The Beijing Subway is a rapid transit rail network that serves the urban and suburban districts of Beijing municipality.
It is operated by the Edmonton Radial Railway Society.
Jamestown to New Castle, Pennsylvania; 31 miles
In 2009, the TTC began its first bus rapid transit service in the city, the York University Busway.
They are part of the city corporation Wiener Stadtwerke Holding AG.
The property eventually became part of Southern Railway Company on July 7, 1894, through its acquisition of the East Tennessee, Virginia and Georgia Railway Company.
The Basel Regional S-Bahn has provided an S-Bahn-style rail service connecting the Basel metropolitan area since 1997 in Switzerland, Germany and France.
Some opportunities for interchange also exist in the suburbs of Frankfurt.
The fare system, using smart cards, will use existing technology.
The feasibility study of the project was done by RITES and was completed in June 2015.
The first monorail in the nation, it has two stations, single track, and operates at 600 V DC.
Like Metro Rail, passengers who have a fare product loaded onto a TAP card can board from any door.
The MRT network encompasses 178.2 kilometres of route, with 106 stations in operation, on standard gauge.
These services are mostly run using EMU and MEMU rakes.
Most of the main lines are fully electrified and service is generally efficient and reliable.
Metro Transit is the primary public transportation operator in the Minneapolis–Saint Paul area of the U.S. state of Minnesota and the largest operator in the state.
After the end of the war the track was sold and removed.
The line was converted to dedicated bus lane for conventional buses on July 8, 2015 and the BRT is no longer in operation.
As of April 2012 the railway had nine operating locomotives, including three steam locomotives and 53 cars, with eight more cars under construction.
The Eigiau Tramway might refer to the Eigiau Quarry Tramway or to the Eigiau Reservoir Tramway.
These services are operated by third-party contractors.
It consists of a single Stadtbahn line, which includes some underground tunnel sections beneath the city centers of Bochum and Gelsenkirchen.
Nockebybanan, also known as line 12, is operated by Arriva.
Parts of the railroad were sold to the Pittsburg, Shawmut and Northern Railroad.
The line only operated for four years.
It also interchanges with the Chattahoochee Bay Railroad in Dothan.
One of its subsidiaries, PT KAI Commuter Jabodetabek, is operating electrified commuter service in Jakarta metropolitan area from 14 August 2008.
Through a series of reorganizations and acquisitions, it eventually became part of the Colorado and Southern Railway.
The Caney Fork and Western Railroad is a shortline railroad operating since 1983 from a connection with CSX Transportation at Tullahoma to McMinnville, Tennessee, 61 miles.
The primary commodities hauled included, chemicals, grain, flour, sand and fertilizers.
The attraction was destroyed for a second time by vandals in April 2017.
Oslo Commuter Rail is a commuter rail centered in Oslo, Norway, connecting the capital to six counties in Eastern Norway.
So the tram can run on electricity even on sections without the monorail.
A group called Transport Pontiac-Renfrew was working towards a deal to acquire the Beachburg sub for future passenger service to Ottawa and Pembroke and freight service.
The Edinburgh, Perth and Dundee Railway was taken over by the North British Railway in 1862.
Volvo Buses showed its interest in BRTS project at the holy city of Amritsar.
The freight market share of the railways are also expected to rise rapidly with completion of the Kars–Tbilisi–Baku railway in 2017.
The stations west of Aviation/LAX Station were not built to accommodate three-car trains.
MR also operates the Yangon Circular Railway line, Yangon's commuter rail network.
Snailbeach District Railways was a British narrow gauge railway in Shropshire.
The Rawalpindi-Islamabad Metrobus is a 22.5 km BRT system that serves the Islamabad Rawalpindi metropolitan area in Pakistan.
The Finnish Transport Agency is responsible for the maintenance of Finland's transport system.
The Santa Fe then sold the Mexican portions.
In the Valencian Community, the term is replaced by Rodalia, while the designation Aldiriak is used in the Basque Country.
The Kawasaki Longitudinal Rapid Railway is a proposed subway line that would run between Shin-Yurigaoka and Musashi-Kosugi, ultimately extending to Kawasaki.
S-Bahn is short for Schnellbahn, which can be translated as "rapid railway".
The system expanded to become Canada's largest in terms of number of stations and second-busiest after the Montreal Metro.
In spite of this, the railroad was often referred to as the Rome and Kingston Railroad in both the 1860 Census and during the Civil War.
A third line is now planned, based on the same rubber-tyred metro technology.
The railroad was constructed to connect Eureka, the center of a rich silver mining area, with the national railway network at Palisade.
Rail lines of the present SKOL include:
In 2016, Metro West was excluded from the National Transport Authority's Transport Strategy for the Greater Dublin Area 2016-2035.
Just over it, the E&W passed through Esom Hill, then Cedartown, where it connected with the Rome and Carrollton Railroad.
The Birmingham Coal Company was a coal mining company in the Pittsburgh Coalfield area.
The Dnipro Metro consists of one 7.1-kilometer line and 6 stations.
It is operated by Metrorail, a division of the Passenger Rail Agency of South Africa.
The railroad was built to offer transportation for American Civil War veterans living at Togus to the nearby City of Gardiner.
The thirteen routes are run by private bus operators and allow for a nightly shutdown of the Sydney Trains commuter rail network.
The ICE 3, including its variant models, is made by a consortium led by Bombardier and Siemens.
Every day, over 800,000 passengers are carried on 5,700 TER-branded trains.
In 1902, an extension was constructed through Buchannan to Verplanck.
The first line opened on 28 August 2015 with 7 km length and 6 stations.
Routes were realigned to provide feeder service to NYW&B stations.
A portion of the route is part of today's Union Pacific Railroad branch connecting their Feather River mainline with Reno.
However, this system can only be used along the 5.4 km track between Setia Jaya and USJ7 terminals that allow for passengers' interchange to rail transit.
In 2016, the metro carried 484.56 million passengers.
Freight traffic started to increase and in the end of the 1940s, when 40 percent of turnover came from freight traffic.
Unlike most of the ex-Soviet metros, the system is shallow.
Kolkata Bus Rapid Transit System is a new rapid transit project taken up by KMDA.
The project faced opposition on several occasions after being first proposed in 2007.
The only part of the former SEKR system that still operates is Sherwin, KS to Liberal, MO.
A total of 105 trainsets operate, carrying about 400,000 passengers daily.
The cable car runs between Central do Brasil and Gamboa, Rio de Janeiro, servicing the unofficial neighborhood of Providência.
Circa 2008-2010, the railway had about 200 coaches, had 20 daily runs, and sold 100,000 to 150,000 tickets daily.
The interval between successive vehicles is around 40 seconds.
Nelson's original streetcar system operated from 1899 to 1949.
The merger was officially completed in 1881.
Annual ridership of the Omaha Zoo Railroad is over 200,000 people.
Tyler of Anniston, who obtained a charter on August 17, 1883 and opened the 30 mile stretch between Anniston and Talladega on May 15, 1884.
Allahabad also known as Prayag, is a city in the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh and the administrative headquarters of Allahabad District and Allahabad Division.
It uses the OKICA as its contactless card.
The Utica and Mohawk Valley Railway was merged into New York State Railways in 1912.
The system is operated by the Norwegian State Railways and its subsidiary NSB Gjøvikbanen, using Class 69 and Class 72 electric multiple units.
The Cascades Railroad ran for about 6 miles on the north bank of the Columbia River around the Cascades Rapids.
Loveland, and outside investors of the Union Pacific Railroad led at times by Jay Gould.
In 1860 it was renamed the "Dublin, Wicklow and Wexford Railway Company" and on 31 December 1906 it was renamed again as the DSE.
Lines 3 and 4 opened in April 2012 along with an extension of line 1 and a diversion of line 2.
Rolling stock is Bombardier Flexity Outlook low-floor articulated light-rail trams.
The Turin Metro is the VAL metro system serving Turin.
Construction of the KMRT started in October 2001.
Several abandoned portions of the OC have been converted into multi-use rail trails.
Still, in some cases, business continued under the name of Georgia and Alabama Railroad.
Bergen Light Rail is a light rail system in Bergen, Norway.
Egged's intercity bus routes reach most Israeli cities, towns, kibbutzim and moshavim, and the company operates urban city buses throughout the country and the West Bank.
The first line of Bordeaux's modern tramway opened on 21 December 2003; further extensions have increased the route length to 66.1 kilometres.
An average of 62,000 passenger are transported daily.
The company replaced the Teito Rapid Transit Authority, commonly known as Eidan or TRTA, on April 1, 2004.
The C&G used a 5 ft 2 1⁄2 in broad gauge, similar to other Pennsylvania interurban lines.
The Chicago Great Western Railway was a Class I railroad that linked Chicago, Minneapolis, Omaha, and Kansas City.
Its purpose is the relief of traffic congestion, which increased significantly in the 1990s and 2000s.
These were the only instances of a monorail train system in India, until the Mumbai Monorail was opened on 2 February 2014.
The Washington Run Railroad was a branch line connected to the B&O Railroad.
For First Phase – Routes 1A, 1B, 2 – i.e.
Its primary freight yard is Fresh Pond Junction in Queens.
Construction started in 1995 and operation began in the fall of 1996.
Parcels can be sent via Oy Matkahuolto Ab to locations throughout Finland, and all over the world in collaboration with TNT.
It has been managed by Tisséo, under the authority of the Syndicat Mixte des Transports en Commun since 2003.
Metrorail connects to the Metromover in Downtown, which provides metro service to the entirety of Downtown and Brickell.
The route of the line is now a foot- and cycle- path.
The railroad served an arid area heavily dependent on mineral resources for economic activity.
Amtrak provides the only remaining passenger service via its daily Crescent service to cities between New Orleans and New York.
Despite the costs saved by the switch to self-propelled railcars, the railroad was not profitable without the regular freight traffic it had previously carried.
It was sold to Whitehorse in 1999 and restored by Historic Railway Restoration of Arlington, WA.
It connected the towns of Phillips and Rangeley and was built to serve the forestry and resort industries of Franklin County.
In 1874 the line was strengthened for locomotive working.
PATH trains run 24 hours a day and 7 days a week.
It has 28 stops in the northbound direction and 29 stops in the southbound direction.
The Spokane International Railroad was a short line railroad between Spokane, Washington, and the Canadian Pacific Railway at Kingsgate, British Columbia.
It is a subsidiary of the Wellglade Group.
In March 2014 Orient-Express Hotels Ltd. was renamed Belmond.
The Stadtbahn combines an efficient urban railway in the city with an S-Bahn, overcoming the boundary between trams/light railways and heavy railways.
On 22 June 2013, 18 more stations were to the metro system added when line M3 to Gosselies went into service.
The railway was purchased by the town of St. Thomas in southern Ontario, where it was reassembled to become the Pinnifore Park Railway.
At the eight downtown stations, excepting Union, from Queen's Park to College on Line 1 Yonge–University, streetcars stop on the street outside the station entrances.
Rio de Janeiro Light Rail is a modern light rail system serving Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.
The tramway was a subsidiary of the British Electric Traction and services begun on 31 October 1902.
These resources are destined to finance MIO's infrastructure: construction of trunks, fueling stations, rest stops, the system of stations, pedestrian bridges, terminals, and yards.
It has been suggested that the track routes of the defunct Bogotá Savannah Railway be utilized for the city's new metro system.
The main line ran north-south along Orange Avenue between Lake Lucerne and Lake Ivanhoe, with several east-west branches.
The railroad in Georgia was sold in foreclosure on November 3, 1874 and conveyed to Georgia Southern Railroad Company on March 29, 1876.
The M&WP was merged into the Western Railway of Alabama in 1870.
It is scheduled to open in 2019.
CN is a public company with 24,000 employees.
The ECR amalgamated with other railways to form the Great Eastern Railway in 1862.
A few routes which operate within several member cities have their funding and operations shared between those cities.
Amari and andini only stop at the selected stations.
The first line opened without ceremony on 19 July 1900, during the World's Fair.
The Russian Railways are widely considered as the primary successor of the SZhD.
The oldest section is the metro is M1 line, which opened in 1989; it now includes 73 stations in service, with 71 more under construction.
The San Luis Central Railroad is a railroad company based in the U.S. state of Colorado.
Passenger services ceased in 1933, although occasional excursion trains continued to be run.
Transjakarta owned more than 1,500 buses in the first three months of 2017 and targets to have 3,000 buses by the end of the year.
Together with the Helsinki Metro, buses, and trams, the network forms the heart of Helsinki's public transportation infrastructure.
Several others were from local towns along the route.
It has 35 operational stations along 43 kilometers of underground route.
Further Acts of 21 July 1845 and 26 June 1846 authorised further increases in capital of £50,000 and £20,000 respectively.
Line 2 started construction on 28 December 2010.
When the service was introduced, the town of Wasaga Beach created a contest to help design the logo for the transit service.
Rapid routes will run every five minutes during the day on weekdays and every eight minutes during the day on weekends.
The Redruth and Chasewater Railway,, was an early mineral railway line in Cornwall, England, UK.
Of the total exploitation length of route 72% or 2,117 km are in common carrier service and does not include industrial lines.
The 51.03 km line began commercial service on March 2, 2017.
Most of its original route remains open today.
The Salt Lake City Southern Railroad is a 25-mile short-line railroad operating between Salt Lake City, and Murray, in Utah, United States.
The first line section between Piraeus, Athens and Elefsis was completed in 1884.
It owns a network of 691 kilometres of broad gauge) railway throughout the country, including the 192 kilometres used by the Elron commuter trains around Tallinn.
The whole system takes corrective and preventive maintenance daily.
It consists of six lines, including two rapid transit subway lines and four light rail lines serving 93 stations.
The Erie and Pittsburgh Railroad was a railroad based in Erie, Pennsylvania incorporated on 1 April 1858.
The foundation stone for the project was laid on 1 May 2011; following construction delays, the metro's first line is projected to open in May 2018.
SNCF employs more than 180,000 people in 120 countries around the globe.
By the end of 2017, the system will be expanded to 7,000 bicycles, and will be introduced to the East Bay area.
South Carolina Rail Road Company was a railroad company, that operated in South Carolina from 1843 to 1894, when it was succeeded by the Southern Railway.
The operation provides services to mining companies operating in the provinces of Newfoundland and Labrador and Quebec, Canada.
The system has approximately 9,100 active users and bicycles have been rented over 600,000 times since September 2014.
This award marked the first time a RailAmerica-owned railroad has earned a Harriman award.
The route is served by six tram trainsets, which were built by the Swiss manufacturer Stadler Rail.
The railway was a major factor leading to the success of the siege.
The tightened competition and the strong depression in 1990s complicated the operational preconditions of Oy Matkahuolto Ab.
Until its final closure in 1987 the Saltwood Miniature Railway was an important part of community life in Saltwood.
The system has four passenger stations and a maintenance & control center, and is run by two cars, one for each route.
The scheme is promoted by Transport for London but opposed by the councils of all three London Boroughs through which it would run.
The railroad was 39.22 miles long, with 3.51 miles of branches, totaling 42.83 miles.
for the Ampang Line starting in 1995, and Projek Usahasama Transit Ringan Automatik for the Kelana Jaya Line starting in 1998.
The place is locally known as Saria, in Suriya intermediate panchayat of Dumri sub-division in Giridih district in the Indian state of Jharkhand.
From Invertote, the diatomite was transferred by skiff, onto puffer boats, waiting in the bay, and shipped across to the mainland.
Originally it was known as the Tehuantepec Railway.
M6, officially referred to as the M6 Levent – Hisarüstü/Boğaziçi Üniversitesi line, is a 3.3-kilometre light metro line of the Istanbul Metro.
The Mashhad Urban Railway operates its single line from 6:30 to 22:00 daily.
The system's H Street/Benning Road Line began public service on February 27, 2016.
The company was formed in 1879 and began operations in 1882.
Connections are made with CSX at Bostic.
The Selma and Meridian Rail Road Company was placed in receivership on March 19, 1868.
A sixth line, Line 15, is a monorail line that partially opened for service in 2014.
However, there have been numerous plans for extension of the line, and for the system to expand to include other lines, B and C.
In 2012, a section of the railway southwards from Coed y Parc was restored by Penrhyn Quarries Ltd. and further sections are planned.
The Los Angeles & San Pedro Railroad was purchased by the Southern Pacific Railroad in 1873.
As of 2015, the system has 12 lines, serving 195 stations, and 226.49 kilometres of route.
During its existence, the Skye Diatomite Company extracted 2000 tons of diatomite.
Further, the Green Line and Ashmont–Mattapan High Speed Line comprise the busiest light-rail system in the U.S., with a weekday ridership of 255,100.
As of 2011, MDT has a daily passenger ridership of 336,067, and accounts for over 15% of Miamians' daily transportation.
Its full name is "Electric Elevated Railway Installation, Eugen Langen System", System Eugen Langen).
Opened in 1979, the system now includes 218.2 km of rail with 159 stations, including 91 railway stations and 68 light rail stops.
Larsen and Toubro Infrastructure Development Projects Limited has signed a memorandum of understanding worth ₹50 billion with the Gujarat Urban Development Corporation for a monorail project.
The West Lancashire Light Railway operates at Hesketh Bank, situated between Preston and Southport in North West England.
He graduated from Kenyon College, Ohio, in 1835.
The KL Monorail was initially owned and operated by KL Infrastructure Group, from 2003 until 2007, until the company declared bankruptcy.
The train ascends the mountain at 2.8 miles per hour and descends at 4.6 mph.
Electrification of the service dates back to 1905, which was rather late by comparison to cities of similar size elsewhere in Austria.
The Niagara Parks Commission claims that the funicular is the world's slowest.
It also carried the world's first hospital train.
Located at the northern shore of the Golden Horn, the underground railway tunnel goes uphill from close to sea level and is about 573 metres long.
It manages railway services in much of Central Russia, including Moscow and Moscow Oblast, Smolensk, Vladimir, Ryazan, Tula, Kaluga, Bryansk, Oryol, Lipetsk, and Kursk Oblasts.
It is the largest transit system in Florida and the 15th-largest transit system in the United States.
Lines R2 and R3 will have 14 stations each.
Upon completion, the system will be about 140 kilometers long and have 109 stations.
It was incorporated on March 25, 1884.
The Cologne Stadtbahn is a light rail system in the German city of Cologne, including several surrounding cities of the Cologne Bonn Region.
Formerly known as "Central Florida Commuter Rail", the SunRail system is financed by the state and Federal governments and the counties it serves.
On tramline 10, modern Cityrunner trams run; yet the short distance between stops prevents them from reaching full speed.
Trains run primarily above ground in the Helsinki metropolitan area.
Three more corridors were due to commence construction in 2014 or 2015 and will be partially elevated whereas the existing corridors are at ground level.
METRORail is operated by the Metropolitan Transit Authority of Harris County.
The system on the other hand has generally poor handicapped-accessibility, because most stations were built well before this became a consideration.
It was created on 31 December 1946 and is owned by the Mexican Federal District government.
The railroad is now owned by Genesee & Wyoming Inc.
Until 1911, it was operated by unreliable steam coaches.
The Valencia Metro is the public mass transit system of Valencia, Carabobo, Venezuela and its suburbs Naguanagua Municipality and San Diego Municipality.
The Santiago Metro carries around 2.5 million passengers every day.
The LPTB was a prominent patron of art and design, commissioning many new station buildings, posters and public artworks in a modernist style.
It currently has 20 daytime lines, one night line, and one tourist line served by historical vehicles.
It is in the Jaipur Division of the North Western Railway zone and lies on the Delhi-Ajmer-Ahmedabad route.
As at January 2017, the line was still not operating.
Handibus is the accessible service for those who cannot use regular transit buses.
It lasted much longer than most, serving communities from the shore of Lake Ontario to the center of western Pennsylvania.
They are among the most significant tourist attractions in the city, along with Alcatraz Island, the Golden Gate Bridge, and Fisherman's Wharf.
Along with the addition of the SPCSL Corporation route from Chicago to St. Louis, the total length of the D&RGW/SP/SSW system was 15,959 miles.
By 1902, all the routes used by the present commuter rail had been taken into service.
The railroad operates approximately 96 miles of track.
Krasnoyarsk Railway is a subsidiary of the Russian Railways headquartered in Krasnoyarsk and serving the south of Siberia.
Since 1986 the Régie des transports métropolitains has operated the network, operating it since 2016 on behalf of the Aix-Marseille-Provence Metropolis.
The railway is operated by the Russian Railways and employs 80,757 people.
In 2016, the system had an annual ridership of 106 million.
The Al Ghurair Investment group were the metro's builders.
Like all urban public transport in Essen, the Essen Stadtbahn is operated by Essener Verkehrs-AG, a company owned by the City of Essen.
Bristol Supertram was a proposed light rail system for the Bristol and South Gloucestershire regions of England.
It operated mines along Becks Run, as well as other mines south of the Monongahela River, such as the Bausman Mine and the American Mine.
The route was electrified in 1904 as part of the Tyneside Electrics programme.
Road construction was primitive, trees were cut down and laid side by side in swamps to form 'corduroy' roads.
In 1952 the passenger traffic on the line was discontinued, and as the mineral activity in the area declined, so did the use of the line.
It provides the first example in Pembrokeshire of the joint construction of a harbour and tramway, and remained independent until it closed in 1939.
By 1890, the ETV&G controlled over 2,500 miles of tracks in five states.
The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant have claimed responsibility.
Weekday ridership in February 2016 averaged 62,416, up 83% since 2010.
In 2007, 100.5 million journeys were made.
The property eventually became part of Southern Railway Company on July 7, 1894, through its acquisition of the East Tennessee, Virginia and Georgia Railway Company.
The engineer was to have been H. F. Stephens and the line was to have been constructed under the Light Railways Act 1896.
It had a market capitalization of 32 billion CAD in 2011.
The portion between Memphis and LaGrange, Tennessee was originally to be part of the LaGrange and Memphis Railroad, chartered in 1838.
The service was inaugurated on February, 2001.
Riders enter and exit the system using a proximity card called SmarTrip.
The Songhu was also extended north into Woosung proper and additional stations opened.
The Rapid Bus ways proposed along the following 7 routes, covering a distance of 100 km, would be taken up in the Medium-term Transportation Scheme
Line 2 runs through three administrative districts in the central city.
Currently there are 2 lines under construction: line 2A Cat Linh - Ha Dong and line 3: Nhon - Hanoi Station section.
Line 2, which is also under construction is scheduled to open in 2017 and be the first east-west subway in Hefei.
Due to the hilly terrain of the city all bikes have gears and in 2014 it will gradually transition to lighter aluminum models.
In addition, the Society has a 1927 7-ton Plymouth switch locomotive in its collection and a 1972 5-ton Plymouth switch locomotive used for MOW and operations.
More than twenty trains including Duronto and AC trains originate at this station.
Since the beginning of construction in May 2014, the project has received an estimated investment of 4.6 billion yuan.
Hanko is the southernmost town in Finland.
The company was also known as the "Port of Mobile Route."
The project is currently the subject of further planning and geotechnical investigations, with community consultations and development works already under way.
Along with the MRT, the LRT is constructed by the Land Transport Authority, with operating concessions currently handed to SMRT Light Rail and SBS Transit.
This included two and three car freight/express trains as well as passenger cars.
The system uses electrical multiple units operating on alternating current drawn from over-head cables through the catenary system.
Two corridors have been identified for testing the BRT System.
The company was created by merging four Toronto-area railway operations.
Initially the railroad was a subsidiary of Gulf and Ohio Railways.
Vijayawada Metro Rail is a proposed rapid transit system in the Indian city of Vijayawada.
The whole line will lie within the city of Kawasaki in Kanagawa Prefecture, Japan.
The Monson Railroad was a 2 ft narrow gauge railway, which operated between Monson Junction on the Bangor and Aroostook Railroad and Monson, Maine.
This contribution paid the cost of construction of the streetcar tracks along Wealthy Street, with the railway company agreeing to operate and maintain the line.
In 1951, the again financially struggling LVT ended its 36-mile interurban rail service from Allentown to Philadelphia.
Beovoz was a commuter rail that provided mass-transit service within the Belgrade metropolitan area.
All of the railway, except the first 2 km, are located in Labrador.
The Kanpur Monorail is a proposed monorail system for the city of Kanpur.
Based on the directorate, in December 2014 there was created a regional branch of Ukrzaliznytsia Donetsk Railway.
It built the South Shore Line electric interurban and operated it until 1990, when it transferred it to the Northern Indiana Commuter Transportation District.
Launched in May 2009 by Public Bike System Company, it is North America's first large-scale bike sharing system and the original BIXI brand of systems.
In 2006 the council received "stage one" funding from the Heritage Lottery Fund to develop a proposal for restoration and improvement of the park.
Helyiérdekű vasút, literally "railway of local interest", is a general term in Hungarian traffic.
The right of way is part of the Pittsburgh Light Rail transportation system today, from South Hills Junction to Library, Pennsylvania.
The Saudi Railway Company is one of two state-owned companies that operates Saudi Arabia's rail network.
Beginning at Ultadanga, the route will cover 15.5 km running along the E M Bypass to Garia.
Sâo Mateus and Jabaquara are city districts within São Paulo's jurisdiction, borrowing their names for the bus lane as they were its original termini.
The Stoke Streetcar was a proposed bus rapid transit system for The Potteries Urban Area in England.
Lucknow Metro system, when completed, will be the fastest built metro system in India The commencement of civil works started on 27 September 2014.
The Suburban Railway of the Valley of Mexico Metropolitan Area is an electric suburban rail system in Mexico City.
On 14 September 2011, the Planning Commission of India gave approval for the Patna Metro.
The Ventura County Transportation Commission is the public sector transportation planning body for Ventura County, California.
The Happy Line is a monorail line in central Shenzhen.
The Tashkent Metro consists of three lines, operating on 36.2 kilometres of route and serving 29 stations.
Lasta is one of the largest bus companies in Serbia and Southeastern Europe.
The system has seven lines and 128 stations running on 257 km of track.
The Tyrol S-Bahn provides regional rail services in metropolitan Innsbruck, Austria and its hinterlands.
The railroad owns two locomotives: Electro Motive Division SW8 number 70 and General Electric 70 ton locomotive number 71.
It operated until 1926, when its track was sold.
The first stop on the Ribbon of Steel is the Grandin stop, with walking access to the Grandin LRT station, and the Legislature grounds.
Transmetro is a bus rapid transit system in Guatemala City, Guatemala.
It received its charter in 1846 and began operation in 1853 from Wilmington, North Carolina, extending west to Camden Crossing, South Carolina.
The Newfoundland Railway was a railway which operated on the island of Newfoundland from 1898 to 1988.
Yangon Tram stopped service on 1 July 2016 after only six months of running.
from Pune Junction to Lonavla and from Pune Junction to Talegaon.
Six railway lines branch out from this railway station.
Delhi Sarai Rohilla railway station, is situated about 4 km from old Delhi railway junction in India.
Also in 1962, UP sold four of its older steel cabooses to SI.
"S-Bahn" is the German abbreviation for Stadtschnellbahn, and the Munich S-Bahn exhibits characteristics of both rapid transit and commuter rail systems.
As of 2013, the suburban sector has 580 services, including 250 in the Beach–Tambaram section, 240 services in the Central–Tiruvallur section, and 90 in the Central–Gummidipoondi.
NightRide, also Nightride, is a network of bus routes in operation between midnight and 4.30am in Sydney, Australia.
The company was founded in 1976 to operate a disused railway line then owned by the New York State Department of Transportation.
Some RPTA funding is used to augment service provided by the member cities.
GRT is a member of the Canadian Urban Transit Association.
Nottingham Express Transit is a 32-kilometre-long tramway in Nottingham, England.
The Moscow Metro operates the monorail, which in 2016 officially became the Line 13 of the network.
For other articles of the same name, see Great Western Railway.
This route serves the central corridor between 6th and 7th Avenue of Zones 1, 4, and 9.
At its peak the railroad carried a quarter million people a year.
The first stage of the scheme opened on 20 February 2010.
The lines in Westchester County continued to operate, until the Yonkers city lines were shut down in 1952.
There are three terminal loops, and two loops used rarely only when shorter route service is provided.
The system has a mix of underground, at-grade, and elevated stations using standard-gauge tracks.
At a length of 4 miles, it was the shortest operating common carrier railroad in the state.
Hinton Transit is the public transportation service in the town of Hinton in Alberta, Canada, located approximately 284 kilometres west of Edmonton along Highway 16.
It became the third line in the Metro Rail system after the opening of the Blue Line and Red Line.
Averaging a daily ridership of 185,000 passengers, it's the busiest commuter rail system in Turkey.
His headquarters at Waldorf was accessible only by pack mule for much of the year.
Oregon Pacific Railroad was a railroad in western Oregon, United States, from 1880 to 1894, when it was sold to the Oregon Central and Eastern Railroad.
On February 12, 2010, shareholders of Burlington Northern Santa Fe Corporation voted in favor of the acquisition.
An extensive network of 2 ft narrow gauge lines connected the North Eastern Railway branch terminus at Weardale with the dam construction site.
The subway was damaged in the 11 March 2011 Tohoku earthquake and tsunami and shut down.
RTD Bus and Rail is a transit system in the Denver, Colorado, metropolitan area.
The line has two suspended cars constructed in Switzerland, delivered in summer 1981.
This short line railroad was created in 1985 and was formerly a subsidiary of Gulf and Ohio Railways.
Ticket refunding services are offered by the R Kiosk chain.
Las Vegas Transit, also known as Las Vegas Transit System, was a former operator of a small private bus system in Las Vegas, Nevada, United States.
The unique system combines light railway, metro and several tram operations north of the Túria riverbed park with line 4.
Freight One recently pioneered a new system that microwaves tank wagons to help extract heavy oil residues.
In November 2014, the long-awaited extension from Aksaray to Yenikapı was opened.
It was a subsidiary of the Federal Government's Australian National until November 1997 when sold to Australian Transport Network.
The HJR operated the line of the Hedjaz railway in Jordan.
The South Florida Regional Transportation Authority is a tri-county public transit authority operating out of Pompano Beach, Florida, serving Miami-Dade, Broward and Palm Beach counties.
Six of the lines span beyond the urban area, reaching the counties of Østfold, Hedmark, Oppland and Buskerud.
The Mass Rapid Transit Corporation Sdn Bhd, founded in September 2011, has been appointed by the government as the official and asset owner of the project.
Launched in 2012, it serves with 10 stations and 100 bikes on the Asian side of the city.
The five main lines in the metro system operate on 78.4 kilometres of route, serving 65 stations.
As of 2011, the average daily ridership is 2,524,500 passengers: 1,403,700 by bus, 1,111,700 by rapid transit and 9,200 by paratransit service.
It uses dedicated bus lanes for all of its route covering 24 bus stations.
The agency is headed by Chieh-shen Lu, Director-General of Taiwan Railway Administration.
The completion of this transport hub in 2014 left the southernmost section of the Railway Line vacant.
Trains run from 04:00 until 01:00, and some trains also run up to 02:30.
The Istanbul Metro is a rapid transit railway network that serves the city of Istanbul, Turkey.
A siding allows the system to be used in a two-way bypass manner when part of the circular track is closed.
Currently, İZBAN operates a 110 km long system, with 38 stations.
Route extensions and a name change to the Sydney Metro soon followed.
ETD was named the Rural System of the Year in 2011 by the Community Transportation Association of America.
After 1993 trains ran under the city between the eastern and western networks in the Common Tunnel, followed by the 2006 opening of the Ring Line.
Named after lead sponsor Citigroup, it is operated by Motivate, with former Metropolitan Transportation Authority CEO Jay Walder as chief executive.
Connex Melbourne was a train operator in Melbourne, Australia.
Biotren connects the boroughs or comunas of Concepción Centro, Talcahuano, Hualpén, San Pedro de la Paz, Chiguayante and Hualqui.
Planned between 2008 and 2009, it became operational in the summer of 2010.
It is owned by Douglas Park who founded the business in 1971 as a bus and coach operation with three vehicles.
The railway also operated the Port of Haydarpaşa and the Port of Derince.
The first line has been under construction since 28 October 2014, and is scheduled to open in 2019.
Never very profitable, it went through several reorganizations, the last in 1913.
During the 1980s it was purchased a group of enthusiast in Huntsville and returned north, operating today as the Portage Flyer.
Subsequently the railway chose to regard the line from Tryfan Junction to Bryngwyn as the branch.
It runs on the mainline Bergen Line and all services terminate at Bergen Station.
The transport system started operating on April 19, 2010.
It operates in two "segments" within Terminal 1 and Midfield Concourse, and between Terminals 1, Terminals 2, and also connects to the Skypier.
The BHÉV operates on standard gauge ), and is electrified at 1000 V DC.
The Erfurter Bahn is a railway company and public transit system serving the city of Erfurt, the capital of Thuringia, Germany.
New trams will be used for this.
Additional lines are planned to service Ballard, West Seattle, Issaquah and south Kirkland.
The company was grouped into the London and North Eastern Railway in 1923.
The Gulf, Colorado and San Saba Railway was a short-line railroad headquartered in Brady, Texas.
The railway was known locally in Maltese as il-vapur tal-art.
The two routes to Kalamata, via Patras and via Tripoli, merged at Zevgolatio.
However, in 1994, a new Rouen tramway came to the Norman capital.
It has three transcontinental routes that provide rail links between the western and eastern United States.
Lines are designated by a number and the prefix "U" and identified on station signage and related literature by a colour.
The carrier on lines 16 and 16A to MPK Łódź, and the line 46 to MKT.
Scheduled bus service consists of local circuits within the community and express commuter routes to Edmonton.
The Walt Disney World Railroad opened to the public for the first time on October 1, 1971, the same day that the Magic Kingdom park opened.
Beginning in 1886, it was leased to the Richmond and Danville Railroad and in 1894 it was incorporated into the Southern Railway.
The San Francisco cable car system is the world's last manually operated cable car system.
The system has a route length of 13.8 miles, not including any route overlap.
On this new implementations, it has a constant register and an ETA report following an agreement with the SDIV.
The system opened for commercial service on March 2, 2017 with the opening of the Taoyuan Airport MRT.
For a brief time, the city experimented with cable cars, but by the beginning of the 20th century, the streetcar system was fully electrified.
In June 2011 the railway appeared briefly in a segment filmed for the BBC's Saturday Kitchen programme which aired on 18 June 2011.
These specialized types of steam engines—Shay locomotives, Heisler locomotives, Climax locomotives, and a Willamette locomotive were used in the early 20th century for logging.
Andersonia is an unincorporated community in Mendocino County, California.
After the old-growth timber of the central U.P.
In 2016 both railways will be defined as light rail, and be equipped with electric power supply.
Together with Metromover, the system has seen steady ridership growth per annum, with an average of 105,500 daily passengers in 2013.
Eastern Railways operates one of the oldest trains of India, Kalka Mail.
The East Tennessee and Virginia Railroad Company was incorporated under special act of Tennessee on January 27, 1848.
The shopping mall also features an amusement park with a monorail circling around the mall.
From Yenikapı connections are available to the M2 line and Marmaray commuter rail service as well as İDO seabus service.
Rail transport in Victoria, Australia, is provided by a number of railway operators who operate over the government-owned railway lines.
It was South China's second railway and one of only three railways in pre-1949 China built solely with private Chinese capital.
The Midland was one of the earliest examples of a rail trail conversion in Ontario, started as a Canadian Centennial project.
The Toronto and Nipissing Railway, T&N, was the first public narrow-gauge railway in North America.
The East Tennessee and Georgia Railroad was built between 1852 and 1859, connecting Knoxville, Tennessee with Dalton, Georgia.
At 35 km long, Metro Line 1 is the longest in the Americas, and the elevated viaduct of Metro railway the longest in the world.
The later Baker Street and Waterloo Railway followed a similar alignment for part of its route.
It has been extended several times and further extensions are under consideration.
The Montgomery and West Point Railroad was an early 19th-century railroad in Alabama and Georgia.
After 1908 trains were operated as mixed trains.
Toronto also has an extensive network of bicycle lanes and multi-use trails and paths.
The movement of coal to ships rapidly became a lucrative business, and the line was soon extended to a new port and town at Middlesbrough.
These concerned "unjust rates", delays in shipping freight, and lack of cars during harvest season.
Southwestern Railways, headquartered in Kiev, the capital of Ukraine, is a component part of the Ukrzaliznytsia company.
In addition, the Nordhessische Verkehrsverbund is involved in the organization of RegioTram.
In 2015, 534.5 million passengers rode the U-Bahn.
The national railway company Trenitalia also operates an urban railway service between Molfetta and Mola di Bari.
It is operated by State Railway of Thailand that also operates inter-city rail.
It was officially opened on 9 April 1898 by Councillor C. L. Beard JP, Chairman of Barking Town Urban District Council.
A one-mile portion of the former PF&P line continued to be operated as the Virginia Central Railway until the early 1980s.
It officially opened to revenue service in October 2002.
In 2006, it served 46.7 square miles with an operating budget of about $700 million.
Since its inception, the number of passengers has increased from 70,000 per day in 2008 to 90,000 per day in 2011.
The trains are composed of three cars.
It consists of one line, 43 kilometres long, serving 20 stations, connecting the cities of Valparaíso, Viña del Mar, Quilpué, Villa Alemana, and Limache.
The line was the third commercially operated magnetic levitation line to open in history.
The Caen transport company, Twisto, is the current operator of the TVR system and calls the system the "Tram".
It was built in 1820; the granite was in demand in the developing cities of England as masonry to construct public buildings and bridges.
Due to its long-term status as a municipal program, Ride Norfolk became eligible for nearly $90,000 per annum in gas tax subsidies.
The Schwebebahn is still in use today as a normal means of local public transport, moving 25 million passengers annually.
The Paw Paw Railroad is a defunct railroad which operated in Van Buren County, Michigan, between 1857 and 1887.
Planning of the monorail in Moscow started in 1998.
The company ran three hotels, and a network of feeder bus services was developed in the early 20th century.
Reims tramway is a tram system in the French city of Reims in Champagne-Ardenne opened in April 2011.
It is operated by Companhia Cearense de Transportes Metropolitanos, which also operates the Fortaleza Metro.
The Ulaan Baatar Metro project was approved in 2012, and construction was originally planned to be completed by 2020.
The system operates in Los Angeles, Orange, Riverside, San Bernardino, and Ventura counties, as well as to Oceanside in San Diego County.
All stations are numbered and the first numeral of the number is the same as the line number, e.g.
Hanning sees these bikes as one aspect of a larger public transportation network.
The Beer Heights Light Railway operates 1 mile of minimum gauge 7 1⁄4 in track at Beer, Devon, England.
This house was itself replaced by the present Ardkinglas House in the early 20th century, designed by Robert Lorimer for Sir Andrew Noble.
West Penn Railways, one part of the West Penn System, was an interurban electric railway headquartered in Connellsville, Pennsylvania.
Since then, it has grown from a single train line to seven, and expanded to include complementing bus service.
The system comprises one 13.2-kilometre line with 21 stations connecting Fermi station in Collegno with the Lingotto multifunctional centre in Turin.
A £40,000 study examining the feasibility of an expansion into the city’s south side is in progress.
The streetcar system that existed in Edmonton until 1951 ran though the downtown core, including down Jasper Avenue.
The seventh railway line from Rewari will be laid as a dedicated freight railway line as a part of the Western Dedicated Freight Corridor.
The signature color of Hankyu cars is maroon.
Southeastern Oklahoma is occasionally still called Little Dixie, while the official tourism designation for Southeastern Oklahoma is Choctaw Country, formerly Kiamichi Country.
The original cost estimate of £64 million rose to £181 million by December 2010.
Current expansion plans are projected to increase the number of stations to nine by 2020
The system is operated by Aarhus Municipality using equipment developed by CIOS ApS.
The Ankaray, the M1, M2 and M3 lines, together transported 104.1 million passengers in 2014, which corresponds to a ridership of approximately 289,155 per day.
They also operate a Pronto service between Chesterfield, Mansfield and Nottingham in partnership with Stagecoach in Mansfield and Trent Barton.
The Palermo metropolitan railway service is a commuter rail system operated by Trenitalia.
Without a deal made, in April 2013 CN began removing rail in Pembroke and working east.
Its most important function is the operation of freight and passenger rail services.
Hangzhou Metro is a metro system that serves the Chinese city of Hangzhou, Zhejiang and surrounding suburbs.
Secunderabad Railway Division is one of the six divisions of South Central Railway zone of the Indian Railways.
It is owned by the state of Jalisco, and operator SITEUR is a state authority.
MARTA also operates a separate paratransit service for disabled customers.
As of 14 June 2017, the KC Streetcar is free to ride.
Local governments within each commission's geographic area are members of each commission.
The system is 22.9 kilometres long; this includes a 0.4 kilometres-long branch to the city's railway station.
Currently, the Director of the authority is former City of Miami Manager Alice Bravo.
The Raleigh and Charleston Railroad Company was incorporated in 1905.
It also provided passenger services to the small villages and beauty spots along its route.
The city of Vijayawada is one of the few cities in India to have Bus Rapid Transit system a more convenient for public transport.
The MBTA currently has plans to also restore passenger service to Fall River and New Bedford as part of the South Coast Rail project.
As of 2013 TRAX has three lines in service.
The Metropolitan Bus Service, earlier known as 'Mahanagar Bus Seva' was started on 6 July 1922.
The RTM operates Montreal's commuter rail and metropolitan bus services, and is the second busiest such system in Canada after Toronto's GO Transit.
Service also extends to Oyster Bay-Buttle Lake, under an agreement with the Strathcona Regional District.
MDT operates the rapid transit Metrorail, the Downtown Metromover people mover, Metrobus, and Paratransit systems.
As of December 2015, there are four lines in operation, totaling 102 stations and 128.7 kilometres of system length.
This will potentially create the longest fully automated subway network in the world.
Freight traffic consisted of outbound lumber and forest products as well as diatomaceous earth.
Trams in Warsaw is a 138-kilometre of single track) tram system serving a third of Warsaw, Poland, and serving half the city's population.
Since 1997, other former OC lines have been reopened to passenger service, including the MBTA's Old Colony Lines with service from Boston to Plymouth and Middleborough/Lakeville.
The lines FL1, FL2 and FL3, particularly in areas closer to Rome, function like a rapid transit service, integrated with the Rome Metro and surface transportation.
Metrorail distributes a free weekly magazine called Myline.
The Athens Metro is a rapid-transit system in Greece which serves the Athens conurbation and parts of East Attica.
Cincinnati and Clifton Incline Plane Railroad 1876-1880
Freight services are operated by Aurizon, Pacific National and SCT Logistics, and Qube Logistics and TransVolution.
It continued to operate as a spur of the Elmira Branch through the Penn Central and Conrail eras.
On a typical day, the railroad has two trains in operation; on busy days, it has three trains.
Howard and Weston were chosen as contractors and Richard Price Morgan as chief engineer.
It ran from the Hoosac Tunnel in Massachusetts to Wilmington, Vermont, a distance of approximately 25 miles.
It is the only existing tramway or train in the Canary Islands.
As of October 2008, the city authorities are redesigning the historical proposal at the request of the federal government.
These are the Formia-Castellamare, Naples-Capua and Naples-Salerno.
The system operated between December 6, 1992 and 2013.
Trams in Opatija ran from 1908 to 1933, connecting the railway station in Matulji with Opatija and Lovran.
Navi Mumbai Monorail is a proposed monorail system for the city of Navi Mumbai.
The railroad linked the village of Nantucket with the village of Siasconset.
T4 Line connects La Doua at the Clinic Feyzin via Charpennes, Part Dieu Villette, Jet d'Eau and Gare de Vénissieux.
Istanbul, the former capital of Turkey, once had a large tramway network on both the Asian and European sides.
In March 1981, the Denver & Rio Grande Western sold the line and the D&SNG was formed.
The "MÁV Cargo Zrt" is sold for ÖBB.
When Jordan was formed in 1946, the railway served as the state railway of Jordan, though it was not owned by the state.
Its stations are among the most ornate in the world.
Some underground stations are large enough to hold public events, such as the three-day fitness festival in May 2011, which attracted 2,600 visitors.
It handles around 100,000 passengers daily, and thus carries the majority of the agglomeration's regional public transport traffic.
To get the grant, some additional track was laid over Santiam Pass.
The network is part of the HSL network, and is operated by VR, the Finnish national railway company.
In 1928, the TTC double-tracked the line from Humber to Long Branch and made that portion part of the Lake Shore streetcar line.
The railroad is owned by John Ozanich, who is a retired locomotive engineer of the Grand Trunk Railroad.
56.7 million trips were made in 2013.
In May 2017, the Pakistani government approved 27.9 billion rupees to back revival efforts.
The Yerevan Metro, the Karen Demirchyan Yerevan Metro) is a rapid transit system that serves the capital of Armenia, Yerevan.
Trains are expected to be able to reach maximum speeds of 70 km/h.
The planning and construction of the Navi Mumbai Metro is being overseen by the City and Industrial Development Corporation.
Throughout its history, the Paw Paw was specifically exempt from those sections of Michigan's railroad law which regulated rates and fares.
The BWLR is a private line which has been built up as a hobby by a group of friends since the early 1970s.
The Georges Creek Railway is a shortline railroad in Western Maryland that performs contract switching and owns a 14-mile line between Westernport and Carlos.
Kozhikode Light Metro is a proposed mass rapid transport system for the city of Kozhikode, in India.
As of 2012, the daytime tram network comprises 13 lines and is 79 kilometres long with 165 stops.
In the future, there may be extensions to the centre of Birkenhead, Seacombe, as well as certain railway stations.
A third round trip was added in May 2001, followed by a fourth round trip in October 2012.
The current interurban lines were built in 1909.
The company operated 618 buses, 48 trams, 3 funiculars, and an elevator.
Pittsburgh, Knoxville & St. Clair Electric Railroad was one of the earliest electric street railways.
Since then, Allahabad has been a political, cultural and administrative centre of the Doab region.
The Mussolini government became very keen on trolleybuses, and in October 1943 Perugia's tramway was replaced with a Trolleybus service which would last till 1975.
Bagnall in 1906, both previously in use at the Dinorwic Quarry.
The railroad transported sugar cane and cotton in connection with steamboats on the Red River.
The Hanko–Hyvinkää Railroad, 1872–1875, was Finland's first privately funded railway.
Two girls, 6 and 8 years old, died in the fire, and two more children were injured from jumping out of the train.
Today it is operated by the municipally owned Münchner Verkehrsgesellschaft and is known officially and colloquially as the Tram.
Four routes operate within the city, which serves most of the urban development.
The Sümerbank Branch locally referred to as the Gıdıgıdı as in Chug chug, was a short line railway operating in Nazilli, Turkey.
In early 2012, the demolition and reconversion of all the Emsland site, including the tracks and factory, was approved.
The initial 12-kilometre line will link the northern town centre of Gungahlin to the city centre and will have 13 stops.
As of October 2014 up to 1,500 buses were circulating on the trunk line system and the fare was 2,200 Colombian pesos for a single trip.
In particular, the aim of the project is to "untangle" and significantly add capacity to much of the inner core of the network.
NJT also acts as a purchasing agency for many private operators in the state, particularly supplying buses to serve routes not served by the transit agency.
The Dorfbahn Serfaus is an unusual underground air cushion funicular transit system in the Tyrolian village of Serfaus in Austria.
Oy Matkahuolto Ab's services are available through 2 000 service outlets, 60 of which are owned by the company.
It is operated by the Los Angeles County Metropolitan Transportation Authority.
It is founded in 2005 and is owned by Russian Railways, TransGroup AS, Iskander Makhmudov, and Andrei Bokarev.
The Penmaenmawr & Welsh Granite Co. owned and operated a major granite quarry on the north Wales coast located between Conwy and Llanfairfechan.
This is the 7th operational subway system in Mainland China and the first in Northeast China.
In the near future, the Edmonton Radial Railway Society hopes to extend the line south towards Whyte Avenue for a new terminus.
It was allied to the North British Railway, and it opened in 1877.
As at June 2016, it operated 90 stations, 41 locomotives, 134 locomotive hauled carriages and 177 diesel multiple unit carriages.
Electric trolley service between Danbury and Bethel began in 1887.
Part of the company was the Birmingham Coal Company Railroad, a 3 ft 2 in narrow gauge railroad that ran Along 21st street.
There was formerly a terminus at Eleanor's Loop, and the site of this station can still be seen.
It was later incorporated by Metrolinx as part of its regional transportation plan, The Big Move.
The history of the railroad throughout the 1870s was driven at times by a fierce struggle between local interests, led by W.A.H.
The system is operated through articulated buses which move in dedicated lanes.
The other lines are served by traditional regional trains, and used almost exclusively for commuter traffic.
The system is metre gauge electrifed at 750 volts DC.
It inspired the construction of the London Post Office Railway.
The line was later sold to the Aqaba Railway Corporation in 1979.
Operated by the Canadian National Railway, the M&SCRC had the mandate to run trams and Steam locomotives on the same track.
The C&S used a 5 ft 2 1⁄2 in broad gauge, similar to other Pennsylvania interurban lines.
Ramps on the passenger platform and assistance from the train operator may be necessary for wheelchair boarding on Blue Line trains.
The system is operated by Metro Transit for the Blue and Green, and by the Minnesota Valley Transit Authority for the Red Line.
The first line has been under construction since February 2014.
The company was established on September 18, 2003, when a decree was passed to separate the railways from the Russian Ministry of the Means of Communication.
Owing to insufficient funds, the private company soon got into financial trouble.
Kennebec Central engines #3 and #4 were trucked to Wiscasset, repainted, and renumbered 8 and 9.
The services operate daily between 06:00 and 22:00 with a varying-frequency of 10-20 minutes.
The two LRT Lines operate on standard gauge) rail, while the KL Monorail operates on an ALWEG straddle beam.
Transborder Express is an Australian bus and coach company based in Yass.
The program is similar to, but not exactly the same as, other programs in different cities.
Hence conventional rail services in Taiwan are known as TRA.
Delhi Metro is the world's 12th longest metro system in length and 16th largest in ridership.
The line was abandoned around 1982, nearly a decade after the smelter closure and the end of production at the nearby Carr Fork Mine.
Tabriz Metro is a metro system serving the city of Tabriz, Iran.
It operates over 750 cars, and is the second-largest system in the country and one of the biggest in Europe.
With this power, the city purchased the Strathcona Radial Tramway Company Ltd., and began providing streetcar service to the City of Strathcona as well.
Tzvi Tzafriri, the general manager of Israel Railways, decided to move the head office to Tel Aviv Savidor.
The Turin metropolitan railway service is a commuter rail system serving the metropolitan area of Turin, Italy.
Today, the Finnish Railway Museum is based at the site of the original roundhouse and Hyvinkää railway station buildings in the town of Hyvinkää.
The quarry and its internal narrow gauge railway continued to thrive during the nineteenth century.
The right of way continued as the Pittsburgh, Castle Shannon and Washington Railroad, later to become part of the Pittsburgh Southern Railroad.
As of Fiscal Year 2015, the system average weekday riderships had fallen to 97,800.
Locally it is known also as "La Oruga", due to its use of articulated buses.
The Echills Wood Railway is a 7 1⁄4 in gauge railway located in Kingsbury Water Park, Warwickshire, England.
ZET operates an extensive bus system, 19 tram lines, a gondola lift and a funicular line.
It has its administrative headquarters located at Tiruchirappalli.
It is operated by Yokohama City Transportation Bureau, and is operated as two lines, though 3 continuous lines exist.
The Metro comprises three lines – Line A, Line B and Line C – which operate on 60.0 kilometres of route, serving 73 stations.
The Lisbon Metro is the metro system of Lisbon, Portugal.
It then made another sharp turn and dropped down between Rising Mountain and Buck Ridge on a 5.5% grade, now the Perry Lumber Road.
This section is 6.3 kilometres long with seven stations, one of which includes a transfer between the two lines.
Stockholm commuter rail is the commuter rail system in Stockholm County, Sweden.
The line interchanges with CSX's P&A Subdivision at Cottondale, Florida, and their Dothan Subdivision at the trackage rights section near Dothan, Alabama.
It is operated by the non-profit Nelson Electric Tramway Society.
Western North Carolina Rail Road Company - Western Division was sold in settlement of a judgment, July 8, 1872.
Yangon previously had a tramway network which closed down during World War II.
The Barnsley and District Electric Traction Co was an electric tramway network serving the town of Barnsley, South Yorkshire.
The first phase of Line 1, "Haï el Badr"–"Tafourah-Central Post Office", which spanned 9.2 kilometres and 10 stations, opened for public service on 1 November 2011.
Houston BCycle provides a quick and active transportation alternative for getting around the city with environmental and health benefits.
The Chicago "L" is the rapid transit system serving the city of Chicago and some of its surrounding suburbs in the U.S. state of Illinois.
Jetrail was the world's first fully automated monorail transit system.
The tramway has been built under a €176 million Public–private partnership contract between the Grand Dijon urban authority and Inéo.
Capital Bixi was a public bicycle sharing system serving Ottawa, Ontario and Gatineau, Quebec, Canada.
The railway was incorporated in 1903 and construction of the 17-mile line was completed that same year.
Many of the streetcar routes have been remembered in the route names of many Port Authority buses.
The railroad operates an 85-mile line leased from the Kansas City Southern Railway.
The San Francisco Municipal Railway is the public transit system for the city and county of San Francisco, California.
A licensee of the Daft System, the line struggled with difficult terrain, required expensive bridges, and failed financially within just 3 years of opening.
The GJ&PR was a 2 ft narrow gauge railway connecting the slate quarries of Cwm Pennant with the wharves at Porthmadog harbour.
Bangalore Commuter Rail is approved in 2014/2015 Railway Budget for suburban railway service for the city of Bangalore.
Construction on a second metro line started in 2012.
Most of the railway will run alongside existing national railway tracks, eventually replacing them.
The line was opened in 1868 and closed in 1957.
The decentralized approach also makes administrative support difficult.
EMD GP38-2 number 5260 was painted in a commemorative scheme in 2013.
The Piedmont section was built by the VER itself.
The project is expected to be completed by December 2021.
The South East Central Railway is one of the seventeen railway zones in India.
The Klondike Mines Railway was a 3 ft narrow gauge railway operating in the Klondike region of Yukon, Canada.
As of 2014, the network is operated by two separate companies: Transports Metropolitans de Barcelona and Ferrocarrils de la Generalitat de Catalunya.
Due to high debts, SPAP came under government control in 1939-1940 and was formally nationalized again in 1954.
Streetcars were part of the public transit service in Kenosha, Wisconsin, in the first third of the 20th century and returned to this role in 2000.
The East Central Railway is one of the 17 railway zones in India.
Operating from 1871 to 1956, it is one of the nation's oldest and best-preserved narrow-gauge railroads, and was designated a National Historic Landmark in 1964.
The Oklahoma Central Railroad, earlier the Oklahoma Central Railway, was a railroad operating in the U.S. state of Oklahoma from 1907 to 1917.
The bike can be returned to any OYBike station.
Services are operated every 20 minutes from early morning to early evening.
All buses operating for Ride Norfolk operate on diesel gas and were manufactured in 2004 by the Ford Motor Company.
It handles all freight operations and track maintenance for its parent company, the Sierra Railroad Company.
The Birmingham Southern Railroad was a short-line railroad in the Birmingham, Alabama area.
Trams in Bielsko-Biała was a public transit system that operated in Bielsko-Biała, Poland from 1895-1971.
Since February 2003 the agency has been doing business as Metro.
The metro system has two new lines and one extension under construction.
The Seville Metro is an 18-kilometre light metro network serving the city of Seville, Spain and its metropolitan area.
The 300-mile route reached an altitude of 7100 feet in Montgomery Pass.
Capital Metro added additional runs during midday beginning in mid-January 2011.
Two miles of the route through downtown were constructed in a cut-and-cover tunnel that became Broad Street, and the only underground portion of the subway.
The Hyderabad BRTS is a proposed transportation scheme for the Indian city of Hyderabad, India.
Almost two-thirds of its vehicles were built in 1946–52 by the Pullman-Standard Company, and they are the oldest trolleybuses in regular service anywhere in the world.
The line was built to haul timber, charcoal and iron ore to Anniston, where it could be transferred to the standard-gauge Southern Railway.
The leases on the former Connecticut Railway and Lighting Co. routes were voided in 1936 for nonpayment while the New Haven was in receivership.
The railroad was constructed to connect the Red River Lumber Company's facilities in Westwood with the Southern Pacific's main line running through Fernley.
The Atlanta and St. Andrews Bay Railroad, also known as the Bay Line, was a Class I railroad which operated in Alabama and Florida.
It can transport 21,600 passengers per hour per direction.
The Beijing Subway opened in 1969 and is the oldest metro system in mainland China.
The Cincinnati Subway is a set of incomplete, derelict tunnels and stations for a rapid transit system beneath the streets of Cincinnati, Ohio.
The project was commenced on 19 September 2013.
Its successful operation in private ownership was unusual for early railways in New Zealand.
Barclays Bank was the first sponsor, from 2010 to March 2015.
Bergen Tramway was a tramway in Bergen, Norway, which was in operation from 1897 to 1965.
After 1927, the radial service was operated by the Toronto Transportation Commission but with city streetcar service being extended to the Birchmount Loop.
ESHOT, along with İZULAŞ are the two main bus transit service in İzmir.
In 2013, the metro carried 328 million passengers, which corresponds to approximately 898,630 riders per day.
The Wabush Lake Railway is owned by the Wabush Mining Company, which mines iron ore near Labrador City.
The city also has an extensive network of canal systems which converge into Manchester.
The chairman of the SNCF group is Guillaume Pépy.
On 29 September 2015, "New Metro North" was launched by the National Transport Authority.
Located on the Deccan Plateau in the south-eastern part of Karnataka.
The system is to be owned and is being developed by the State Railway of Thailand.
The north portal of the tunnel is still visible, but fenced off.
The 75-year-old luxury train has two air-conditioned observation saloons and a restaurant car.
It operates a transnational network, connecting 600 destinations, covering the whole of Europe, plus Morocco.
A light rail system feeding the metro opened in 2007 called Metro Ligero.
Capital Metro added Friday evening and Saturday afternoon and evening regularly scheduled service on March 23, 2012.
TARS applied for its first bus franchises in 1928.
The Wenzhou Mass Transit Railway is a rapid transit system in Wenzhou, Zhejiang province, China.
The oil ports at Novorossiysk and Tuapse are significant destinations for rail freight traffic.
It was founded in 1913 to haul sugar beets from grower to processor.
Passenger Railroad of Cincinnati 1859-1873 - merged with CCR
Adana Metro is a rail rapid transit system extending 13.5 kilometers along a north-south corridor through Adana, with 13 stations.
Primary shops were first located in Fairview, Okla.
The LaFayette, Muncie and Bloomington Railroad was a railroad company incorporated in Indiana on July 13, 1869.
When this opened, Lausanne replaced Rennes as the smallest city in the world to have a full metro system.
It opened its first line, between Glasgow and Ayr in 1839 - 1840.
The monorail is similar to the Schwebebahn Wuppertal, but has rubber tires rather than steel wheels.
The OC was named after the "Old Colony", the nickname for the Plymouth Colony.
All the trains are operated with MX3000 stock.
That portion of line extends between mileposts EC-0.0+/- and EC-94.7+/-, a distance of approximately 94.7 miles in Carteret, Craven, Jones, Lenoir, and Wayne Counties.
The construction of a metro is meant to alleviate these problems in the near future.
Palma Metro is a light metro system in Palma, Majorca, Spain.
The service was started with one route in July 2008, and quickly expanded to two routes in the summer of 2009.
The railway was built in 1960 from the Quebec North Shore and Labrador Railway to Wabush, initially called the Northern Lands Company Railway
V/Line is a government-owned corporation that operates the regional passenger train and coach services in Victoria, Australia.
Tramlines T1 and T2 were combined, and renamed as T1, in 2011.
It operated a 52-mile-long northwest-southeast alignment from Huntington to Portland, via Bluffton and Pennville.
By 1996 years of financial problems had dropped SP's mileage to 13,715 miles, and it was taken over by the Union Pacific Railroad.
The Sandfly Colliery Tramway was a 20 km, 2 ft narrow gauge tramway linking the Kaoota Mine to Margate, Tasmania.
It is one of six lines on the Metro Rail System, operated by the Los Angeles County Metropolitan Transportation Authority.
The Nantucket Central Railroad Company was a 3 ft narrow gauge railroad on the island of Nantucket.
The Chicago Tunnel Company built a 2 ft narrow gauge railway freight tunnel network under the downtown of the city of Chicago.
The B&ER was financially successful but amalgamated with the GWR in 1876, the combined company being called the Great Western Railway.
The train is set to reopen in 2017.
It is operated under contract by Keolis, which took over operations on July 1, 2014 from the Massachusetts Bay Commuter Railroad Company.
It has been in operation under its current name since December 9, 2007.
Also, conversion from metre gauge to standard gauge is proposed.
The transportation system of Hawaii is a cooperation of complex systems of infrastructure.
Services on some lines start shortly after 4 a.m, while all lines have services from about 5 a.m. onwards.
The Richmond and Petersburg Railroad moved passengers and goods between Richmond and Petersburg from 1838 to 1898.
Passenger service was offered to Markham and then Stouffville, before the service passed to Via Rail, and then to GO Transit in 1982.
In the early 1960s the Reverend Teddy Boston became rector of All Saints' Church, Cadeby.
North East and South West Alabama Railroad Company was consolidated into Wills Valley Railroad Company on November 18, 1868.
The power output is supplied by 750 volt direct current through third rail.
The railroad operated for over twenty years.
Trams operate on 116.3 kilometres of metre gauge route.
When the proposal to replace all remaining streetcar lines with bus operation was announced, the trolley motormen all went on strike in November 1926.
There are 300 metro services daily carrying over 650,000 passengers making it the second busiest metro system in India.
The company was founded in 1882 and opened its mainline between Portsmouth, Virginia and Danville, Virginia in 1890.
The U-Bahn opened in 1968, and has been expanded several times.
In addition, the Nice Côte d'azur urban region decided to extend line 1 to the Pasteur neighborhood.
Although nearly all of the Green Line stations were built to accommodate three rail cars, it has never had that many.
The network is interconnected with the city's S-Bahn system, which also has underground sections.
Privately owned but operated by the Hillsborough Area Regional Transit Authority, service commenced on June 27, 1985.
Initially, the metro trains carried five train cars each, but as the passenger ridership declined, the number of cars was reduced to three.
The system is currently owned and operated by Trolebuses de Chile, S.A.
Trial service closed to the public began on 30 December 2015 and lasted for three months.
An average 13,657 passengers use both the 106 and 406 combined during an average week day.
Japanese National Railways, abbreviated Kokutetsu or "JNR", was the business entity that operated Japan's national railway network from 1949 to 1987.
It also has destinations on lines that make it more closely resemble commuter trains.
The Pennsylvania Railroad acquired the line in 1930.
The Delaware and Hudson Railway is a railroad that operates in the northeastern United States.
The company was sold in foreclosure on May 1, 1871 and conveyed to The Alabama Central Railroad Company.
The SL began operating on April 19, 1993 as a RailTex subsidiary.
Together with the TGM rail line it is managed by the parastatal transport authority Société des transports de Tunis.
Extensions into suburbs and Line 11 were built in the 1930s.
The RegioTram is a 184-kilometer tram-train light rail system in Kassel, Hesse, Germany.
The company would be leased by the Arizona Eastern Railroad, a subsidiary of the Southern Pacific, in 1910.
The headquarters of the division is at Guntakal and its zonal headquarters is at Secunderabad.
Constructed in 1905–06, the Tramway climbed 457 m above sea level and crossed ten bridges.
The buses run in dedicated lanes and ticket prices are subsidized by the regional government.
The Manchester and Birmingham Railway was built between Manchester and Crewe and opened in stages from 1840.
This was a unique project for Russian companies, which did not have prior experience in building monorails.
The line now boasts eight steam locomotives, four of which are in operating condition, one is currently being restored and another is on static display.
Service is provided at no additional cost to all students, although service is paid for through fees collected with tuition.
One of its main areas of expertise is to develop the nationwide ticketing, information and fare collection systems.
The metro forms part of a multi-modal public transport system covering the Lille metropolitan area, along with buses and trams, operated under the Transpole brand.
It also operated between Kansas City, Missouri, and Springfield, Illinois on the old Alton Railroad line that eventually was the Chicago, Missouri and Western Railway.
Enoshima Line travels 6.6 km every seven to eight minutes between Ōfuna Station and Enoshima, making six stops.
This railway completed the rail link between Bangkok, Thailand and Rangoon, Burma.
Several routes in the past concurrently used the Orient Express name, or slight variations.
The Cycle Track is separated from Mixed Traffic Lane by providing 250mm CC Buttons.
The Washington, Baltimore and Annapolis Electric Railway was an American railroad of central Maryland and Washington, D.C., built in the 19th and 20th century.
He further explained, "The decision was taken because there was no sufficient road width available for the BRTS.
The Rotterdam Metro is a rapid transit system operated in Rotterdam and surrounding municipalities by RET.
Dinorwic performed the locomotive fleet's last practical services by hauling the track lifting trains.
It was a 7 ft 1⁄4 in broad gauge railway built by Isambard Kingdom Brunel.
To date, there are no concrete plans to revive the project.
The opening of the S&DR was seen as proof of the effectiveness of steam railways and its anniversary was celebrated in 1875, 1925 and 1975.
Other than Philadelphia and Allegheny County, the Washington County Transportation Authority operates the fifth largest shared ride program in Pennsylvania.
Esko Prague, or Linky-S is a commuter rail system in Prague, Czech Republic.
However, it has more boardings per mile and more vehicles in operation than similar transit agencies.
It finally succumbed to more efficient operation at other ports and closed in 1918.
They operate on all four branches of the railway lines that begin at the Helsinki Central railway station, which is where they all terminate.
The system will be expanded by an east west of conventional metro line and one light metro line.
With over 713 miles of track in the states of Mississippi, Tennessee, and Alabama it was among the largest spin-off railroads in the post-Staggers Act era.
This extensive network ensures excellent availability and easy access to the services.
It is also known as Valley of Mexico Suburban Rail System and colloquially referred to as El Tren Suburbano.
It is part of the pan-European Eurolines network and operates bus coaches on a comprehensive network of routes throughout Serbia and Europe.
Four lines are currently in operation, and seven more are in planning or under construction.
The Dalian Metro or Dalian Rapid Transit is a rapid transit system in the city of Dalian, Liaoning, China.
The TTC also operates door-to-door paratransit service for the elderly and disabled, known as Wheel-Trans.
It is commonly known in Syria as ash-Sham and nicknamed as the City of Jasmine.
The head office is located at the Tel Aviv Savidor Central Railway Station in Tel Aviv.
It is completely owned by the government and pays track access charges to the government.
The line fully opened to passengers in 1867, with an extension to Olney planned in 1865, but this scheme was abandoned after partial construction.
Government of Delhi has proposed 3 corridors for this project.
The bulk of RTA's service consists of buses, including regular routes, express or flyer buses, loop and paratransit buses.
The Moscow Metro is a rapid transit system serving Moscow, Russia and the neighbouring Moscow Oblast cities of Krasnogorsk, Reutov, Lyubertsy and Kotelniki.
The S-Bahn has seven lines in Hanover.
The Colorado Central Railroad and Cheyenne and Northern Railway were brought together to form the Union Pacific, Denver and Gulf Railway in 1890.
As of February 2015, Line 3 was on schedule and 50% completed.
MetroLink is operated by the Bi-State Development Agency, operating as Metro since 2003, in a shared fare system with the MetroBus lines.
Built by enthusiasts, the Railway ran from the nearby Bridge Road commercial area into the grounds of Kirkstall Abbey, operating most Sundays.
Both track segments were abandoned beginning with the Hurtsboro segment in 2002 and the Lafayette line in 2003.
The line went into operation on an experimental basis on 1 December 2009, and went into regular service in 2010.
On October 6, 1958, the Union Pacific Railroad took control of Spokane International Railroad.
In 2013, HDR Engineering, working with the state, began surveying the area for a rail line.
Transportation for people whose disability prevents them from using conventional bus service is provided by HandyDART service for eligible registered users.
In these respects, the LRT departs from the traditional sense of a light rail system.
All the stations are equipped with platform screen doors.
The railroad started in 1913 as a sole proprietorship in 1913 and was incorporated on April 24, 1914.
The Madrid city of Parla has a circular tram which provides transportation within the city as well as to the rest of the metropolitan area.
Passenger service ended in 1953; freight-only service ended by March 1988.
The operator of the RegioTram network was, until December 2013, RegioTram mbH, a joint venture between Regionalbahn Kassel a subsidiary of Kasseler Verkehrs-Gesellschaft, and DB Regio.
Rogers transferred the controlling interest in the line for the next season to his associate, egg producer Fred W. Blankenbuhler.
A light rail system was proposed in 1995, adopted in the 2000s and started operating in 2010.
It operates mostly as a subway in the District itself, while most of the suburban tracks are at surface level or elevated.
Four routes operate in and around the city, which serves most of the urban development.
Line 2 opened on December 28, 2013.
Construction of Line 1 started on 6 June 2009.
Opened in 1984, the system now has 5 operating lines and 113 stations spanning 162.8 km.
Metro Rail is an urban rail system serving Los Angeles County, California.
Another former terminus at Haste Hill is now a request stop station.
Since its inception, Metra has directed more than $5 billion into the commuter rail system of the Chicago metropolitan area.
The city of Phnom Penh is served by multiple transport systems.
In 2007, in response to increasing traffic, the TSRR purchased eight diesel locomotives with greater power and fuel efficiency than its existing fleet of ten.
Belgrade has a population of over 2 million people, making it largest city by population without subway in Europe.
Atlanta Streetcar, or simply the Downtown Loop, is a streetcar line in Atlanta, Georgia, United States.
According to data from the Deutsche Bahn, the Dresden S-Bahn is the S-Bahn with the highest customer satisfaction in Germany.
The system is owned and operated by the Port Authority of Allegheny County.
The owner of the Wiscasset railroad bought the whole Kennebec Central Railroad for less than it would have cost to repair his burned locomotives.
It was owned and operated by Pioneer Railcorp of Peoria, Illinois.
The railroad currently exists as the Conecuh Valley Railroad subsidiary of Gulf and Ohio Railways.
The outbreak of the Winter War in the end of November 1939 made operations more difficult and many bus stations were damaged by bombing.
and the local bus operator First Cymru paid for the fleet at a cost of £300,000 per vehicle.
The line is 500 meters long and has a single station at Hadlow Down.
A second line, Norrköping-Linköping-Mjölby-Motala, opened in April 2013, with two new stops at Skänninge and Motala.
The Gwangju Metro consists of one line, serving 20 operational stations, and operating on 20.1 kilometres of route.
When the franchise was re-tendered, it was awarded to Metro Trains Melbourne from November 2009.
4 lines will run west-east and 3 lines will run north-south.
The Wuppertal Suspension Railway operates within the VRR transport association and accepts tickets issued by the VRR companies.
It serves an average of 9,954 daily passengers during the week day weekday.
Based in Westfield, Massachusetts, the railroad operates former Conrail trackage between Southampton, Westfield and Holyoke.
The Credit Valley Railway was a historical Canadian railway located in Ontario.
In 1927, the TTC took over the operation of the Mimico line and extended its service eastward to Roncesvalles Avenue.
On November 29, 1864, the name of the company was changed to The Selma and Meridian Rail Road Company.
There are 2 lines with a total route length of 18.6 kilometres.
The line was abandoned on October 20 and the rails were removed and scrapped by the town.
Years after the railroad was discontinued, the last railroad car left on the island was converted to a popular restaurant.
It is administered by Metro Regional de Valparaíso S.A., a subsidiary of the Chilean state-owned train company Empresa de los Ferrocarriles del Estado.
The system began service on 23 June 2012.
Connecting the central business area of old Madras with the IT corridor, the section has a potential capacity of 425,000 passengers a day.
The line replaced the previous Dinorwic Railway from 3 March 1843, initially using horses, converting to steam haulage on 23 November 1848.
In 2015, Washington City Transit merged into the Washington County Transportation Authority.
In 1952, the operation having run out of funding possibilities, the Besançon trams were withdrawn: a city bus service was inaugurated in December 1952.
The system and its fare structure is incorporated into the Tisséo network of Toulouse, which also includes the Toulouse Metro.
It is one of several short-line railroads owned by Pioneer Railcorp
It also links three campuses of Osaka University.
There, passengers could transfer between trolleys whose lines separately served Washington and Northern Virginia.
The company was originally chartered in South Carolina as the Columbia and Hamburg Railroad.
The Erfurt Stadtbahn is a light rail network that is the basic public transit system of Erfurt, the capital Thuringia in Germany.
The plans of Zhengzhou Metro line 1 and Zhengzhou Metro line 2 were approved by National Development and Reform Commission in February 2009.
It connected with the Portland and Ogdensburg Railroad from Portland, Maine, to St. Johnsbury, Vermont, near the town of Hiram on the Saco River.
The tramway is operated and maintained by Nottingham Trams Ltd on behalf of the Tramlink Nottingham consortium.
The MTA operates a comprehensive transit system throughout the Baltimore-Washington Metropolitan Area.
Merseytram was a proposed light rail system for Merseyside, England.
Also, a new city tramway will be built in central Aarhus.
The main line, connecting Bucharest with the western city Timişoara, passes through the important cities Craiova, Drobeta-Turnu Severin and Lugoj.
The railroad is a subsidiary of Western Carolina Railway Service Corporation.
In 2005, suburban rail services were increased to approximately 15-minute frequency on the main line Savski Marof – Zagreb Central Station – Dugo Selo.
The railway stations have been renovated and the train services have been made more regular in Zagreb.
Work on a tunnel began in 1857 and the first traffic ran through it in 1871.
The trains run on 553 kilometers of electrified mainline railway owned by the Norwegian National Rail Administration.
Opened on August 27, 2005, it is the newest system in Russia.
The Pacific Coast Railway is a defunct 3 ft narrow gauge railway on the Central Coast of California.
After being shipped to the United States, they were altered to resemble locomotives built in the 1880s and restored to operating condition.
The Lahaina, Kaanapali and Pacific Railroad is a steam-powered, 3 ft narrow gauge heritage railroad in Lāhainā, Hawaii.
There is only one suburban railway line currently in operation, the S2.
The service also connects the port of Piraeus with Halkida in Evia, through Athens Railway Station, which is more commonly called Stathmos Larisis.
Financing for the construction of the railroad and its rehabilitation after the American Civil War was obtained mainly through the State of Tennessee.
They have since been replaced by Krösatågen there.
As a consequence ferry transport forms a part of the transport network of Berlin.
CN was government-owned, having been a Canadian Crown corporation from its founding to its privatization in 1995.
In August 2012, Freight One sold 10,000 tank wagons to Transoil.
The Turku tramway network was the first—and as of 2008, second to last—tram system to be operated in Finland.
Like in a subway system, the elevated station platform and the bus floor are at the same height.
From an interchange with CSX Transportation at Laurens the railroad runs 34 miles to the northwest, terminating at East Greenville.
The M&BR was merged into the London and North Western Railway in 1846.
Along with the BTS Skytrain and the Airport Rail Link, the MRT is part of Bangkok's rail transportation infrastructure.
The Tallinn tram network is the only tram network in Estonia.
Before the opening of the second line, 30,856,515 passengers rode the Santo Domingo Metro in 2012.
The Regional Transit Authority of Southeast Michigan is the agency with oversight and service coordination responsibility for mass transit operations in metropolitan Detroit, Michigan.
The service is seasonal, starting on the Easter weekend and ending on the Canadian Thanksgiving weekend each year.
Apart from a short section in Yeovil it remains open and carries the London Waterloo to Exeter service of South West Trains.
As the fourth-largest state in the United States, journeying from one side to the other takes a long time.
Opened on 24 November 2007, it replaced bus lines 1, 2, 5 and 18.
The Dunedin Railways is an operator of a railway line and tourist trains based at Dunedin Railway Station in the South Island of New Zealand.
However, the railroad did not take full effect until September 30, 1957.
The first corridor was opened in 2004, with eleven corridors following in the next few years.
However, its total route length have since been surpassed by the fully automated driverless Vancouver SkyTrain as of December 2016.
The tramway is owned by the Montpellier Méditerranée Métropole, and is operated by the Transports de l'agglomération de Montpellier authority.
Eastern Sierra Transit Authority is the operator of public transportation for the Eastern Sierra Region in California.
Transnet Freight Rail is a South African rail transport company, formerly known as Spoornet.
The system is operated by TCAR, a subsidiary of Transdev.
It has been extended significantly since that time and several further extensions are either in the works or being considered.
It is operated by the Société de transport de Montréal.
The Sand Hutton Light Railway was a minimum gauge estate railway serving the estate of Sir Robert Walker, the Fourth Baronet of Sand Hutton, Yorkshire.
It was popularly called The Orient railroad.
Lorenzo Sousa Debarbieri is the chairman of the board of directors of the company.
The first railway line in Azerbaijan was laid in 1878 and was opened in 1880 in the suburbs outside Baku.
The Railway is 2 ft narrow gauge and has a running length of 430 yards.
This link will be standard-gauge and tie in with normal Croatian Railways operations.
Hogg purchased the steamship Yaquina City to provide a direct link to his railroad between Yaquina and San Francisco.
In 1972, the first test train trip occurred between Jabaquara and Saúde stations.
During the daytime, a train departs automatically every six minutes.
Opened in 1935 with one 11-kilometre line and 13 stations, it was the first underground railway system in the Soviet Union.
As of May 2011, users had made about 13,000 trips each month, short of the goal of 25,000 trips per month.
There are a number other attractions in the vicinity of the railway.
It is managed by Delhi Division of Northern Railway zone.
The main line turned and ran up Fowler Hollow Run to Shultz Run, where a company sawmill was located.
The Metro, operated by the Montreal Transit Corporation, was inaugurated on October 14, 1966, during the tenure of Mayor Jean Drapeau.
Since 2000 the system has been out of service and a section of the track was destroyed in 2003 making it impossible immediately to resume operations.
The Travelcard ticket was introduced in 1983 and Oyster, a contactless ticketing system, in 2003.
Today, railroad lines and the New York State Thruway follow the same general route.
County Transportation Company operated Soundview's routes under agreement, and continued to do so until it was sold off by the New Haven in 1948.
Pen-yr-Orsedd Quarry was a slate quarry in the Nantlle Valley in North Wales.
The Madrid Cercanîas network was the target of the 2004 Madrid train bombings.
It was first proposed in the then Irish Government's 2005 Transport 21 transport plan.
The Black Hills and Fort Pierre Railroad was a 3 ft narrow gauge railroad in the Black Hills of the U.S. state of South Dakota.
SZD greatly upgraded and expanded the Russian Imperial Railways to meet the demands of the Union.
It was an example of a radial railway.
The system measured at the most 26.1 km on four lines.
The network is centered in Israel's densely populated coastal plain, from which lines radiate out in many directions.
CR&L resumed operation under its own name, and streetcar lines in Bridgeport, Derby, and Waterbury were replaced with buses in 1937.
Spurn Point is a narrow spit of land which protrudes south and south-westwards from the eastern edge of Yorkshire into the Humber Estuary.
Currently, the tramway is operated by Miejskie Zakłady Komunikacyjne Sp.
Teleférico do Alemão is a gondola lift service operating in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.
The Orlando Street Railway operated a mule-drawn streetcar line in downtown Orlando, Florida in the 1880s and 1890s.
With 21 old trains and 11 new the Suburban Railway mainly covers the eastern and western parts of Zagreb.
Social Bicycles Hamilton is a bicycle sharing system located in Hamilton, Ontario, Canada.
The principal trees logged by the company were white pine, white oak, chestnut, and hemlock.
The operating units of the central part of the staff are at Kalanchevskaya str., 35.
Both lines have intermodal stations interconnected with the Kiev Metro, urban electric train, in addition to other modes of the city's public transport.
The total length of the Azerbaijan Railways ranks 57 in country comparison to the world.
Its name is a portmanteau of French vélo and English love.
The Toronto Railway Company was the first operator of horseless streetcars in Toronto.
The project is managed by the California High-Speed Rail Authority, a state agency run by a board of governors.
The last services leave Frankfurt at about 1:20 a.m.
The system's operation is funded entirely from membership fees and advertising revenues.
The second segment between Leighton and Decatur was completed in June 1834.
The transportation system of Alabama is a cooperation of complex systems of infrastructure.
289 Of the President of the Republic of Azerbaijan on February 27, 2014 as a legal successor of Baku Metro and Azertunelmetrotikinti Joint Stock Company.
It serves routes to towns and cities within Maharashtra and adjoining states.
There is also a night tram service with four routes.
The Bursa tram network forms part of the public transport system in the city Bursa, Marmara Region, Turkey.
Since July 2016 Wellington's commuter rail services are also operated by Transdev.
TEOR vehicles are able to travel rapidly without encountering traffic problems.
Dundas Street Bus Rapid Transit is a bus rapid transit corridor proposed by Metrolinx through the regional transportation plan The Big Move.
Its trains were operated by the LSWR and it was sold to that company in 1878.
The Department for Regional Development provided initial capital funding for the scheme as part of their Active Travel Demonstration Projects budget.
Presently the Sri Lankan Railway network consists of 1,508 kilometres with 5 ft 6 in broad gauge.
Remaining line went from Ottawa MP 0.0 to Pembroke MP 88.7
The suburban railway operates 1450 EMU services and 159 MEMU services carrying 3.1 million people daily.
The Creekmoor Light Railway was a small, privately run, 2 ft narrow gauge railway.
The Madrid Metro is a metro system serving the city of Madrid, capital of Spain.
The railroad has 18 route miles with a web of 59 miles of track.
The railroad interchanges with CSX Transportation at Barnett.
Bus service operates on Monday to Wednesday from 8:00am to 8:00pm, Thursday to Friday from 8:00am to 9:00pm and on Saturday from 8:00am to 7:00pm.
The entire 45-mile route was graded and 14 miles of track was laid to Taylorsville, Georgia before being reorganized as the Cherokee Railroad in 1870.
It was founded by Deadwood, South Dakota resident J.K.P.
Boston built an extensive collection of ex-industrial narrow-gauge rolling stock which ran on the extremely short line in his garden.
The first horse tramway opened in Marseille on 21 January 1876; electric trams came to Marseille in 1899.
Approximately 3,000 carloads of freight were handled annually.
Because the railroad was exclusively a tourist line at this time, all freight had to be hauled at night or early in the morning.
The network of Stuttgart Stadtbahn covers much of Stuttgart and also reaches the neighbouring towns of Remseck am Neckar, Fellbach, Ostfildern, Leinfelden-Echterdingen and Gerlingen.
In 2016-17, 9.1 million passenger journeys were made on the network.
The TTC has more than 172 bus routes in operation, and serves over 487 million riders each year in 2011.
The railroad was incorporated on March 28, 1882 and construction was completed on April 15, 1885.
Whistler Transit Ltd., a division of Pacific Western Transportation, operates the public transit service in Whistler and the Pemberton Valley area of British Columbia, Canada.
Portions of the East Coast Greenway run along the former railway.
The Alabama and Mississippi Rivers Rail Road Company was incorporated under special act of Alabama on February 7, 1850.
The system will consist of a total of 7 lines.
The company would establish additional operating divisions as traffic demands led to the formation of new lines.
The Esko trains are operated by České dráhy, the state railway operator
The line ran entirely in Pacific County, Washington, and had no connection to any outside rail line.
The line is now operated by the Carolina Coastal Railway.
It is part of the Transports en Commun Lyonnais system of public transport, and is supported by Lyon's network of tramways.
Mansfield, undeterred, went on to promote the two foot gauge in Maine, where the largest New World network of these lines was ultimately built.
This short line railroad was created in 2001 and is currently a subsidiary of Genesee & Wyoming.
The Phoenix and Eastern Railroad was a railroad company in the state of Arizona.
The Cologne Stadtbahn is operated by the Kölner Verkehrsbetriebe and the Bonn Stadtbahn is operated by the Stadtwerke Bonn.
Photography in the Busan Metro is permitted.
The ATSF was seen by the SP as a rival, so for most of the life of the Visalia Electric only interchanged with its parent SP.
It is now the Sheffield to Lincoln Line.
The current Minister of Railways is Chon Kil-su, who has held the position since 2009.
Jabodetabek refers to Jakarta metropolitan area, widely known as Jabodetabek.
It owned and operated a 96-mile between Port Saint Joe, Florida and Chattahoochee, Florida, with a short spur to Apalachicola, Florida.
The Company will operate and maintain the fleet of the 50 low-floor and air conditioned buses.
A legal challenge was defeated in 2012.
Currently, the tramway is operated by MZK Grudziądz.
The Amerton Railway is a 2 ft narrow gauge heritage railway in the English county of Staffordshire.
Kitakyu, as it is often abbreviated, also owns various commercial and residential properties along the line.
VTA Light Rail is a light rail system serving San Jose, California and its suburbs in Silicon Valley.
The Pyongyang Metro is the metro system in the North Korean capital Pyongyang.
All seven actual lines use The T-Centralen hub station.
The railway is not open to the public and is only accessible by invitation.
It is the second busiest subway system in Europe, after the Moscow Metro, and the tenth-busiest in the world.
As a result, when Perry Lumber began constructing a railroad into their timberlands, they built it to the 3 ft narrow gauge of the N&SV.
The Mittnabotåget service operates twice a day from Trondheim along the Meråker Line and the Central Line in Sweden to Östersund Central Station.
The Milan Metro is the rapid transit system serving Milan, Italy, operated by Azienda Trasporti Milanesi.
The Croesor Tramway was a Welsh, 2 ft narrow gauge railway line built to carry slate from the Croesor slate mines to Porthmadog.
The single-day ridership record is 369,626, set on September 1, 2016.
In November 2010, the Victoria state government began offering helmet rentals at selected stations in an attempt to increase both ridership and helmet usage.
The Docklands Light Railway is an automated light metro system opened in 1987 to serve the redeveloped Docklands area of London.
It is owned, and was operated by the Kowloon–Canton Railway Corporation until 2007.
The bus service was halted in the aftermath of the 2001 Indian Parliament attack, which led to a serious confrontation between the two neighbours.
The line became part of the Midland Railway of Canada and then later part of the Canadian National Railways.
It was 12 miles long by 1915, 34 miles long by 1917, and was extended to 40.6 miles and completed later that year.
The Hatfield & St Albans Railway was a branch of the Great Northern Railway which connected the Hertfordshire towns of St Albans and Hatfield.
León was the first city in Mexico to implement a BRT system.
The East Tennessee and Georgia Railroad Company was incorporated under special act of Tennessee on February 19, 1836 as the Hiwassee Rail Road Company.
Workers lived in eight company supplied board shanties, with the cost of food and lodging deducted from their wages.
Mass Rapid Transit, better known with its acronym "MRT") is a planned 3-line mass rapid transit system in the Greater Kuala Lumpur conurbation in Malaysia.
The Duquesne Incline is an inclined plane railroad located near Pittsburgh's South Side neighborhood and scaling Mt.
The Sanyō Railway was established in 1887 and served as a major railroad company during the Meiji period in Japan.
The project was often previously referred to as the "Southern Missing Link".
Construction began in June 2008, and after encountering delays it opened on 31 May 2014.
It is the largest road passenger transport business in Brazil and Latin America.
The following 8 routes will be covered in the Long-term Transportation Scheme
The track to Oak Grove was completed on January 1, 1887.
Some Eurolines operators choose to compete on certain routes rather than complement each other.
It was a toll railway on which carriers used horse traction.
As of 2010, Skymetro was carrying 6.73 million passengers per year, and is claimed to be the most used cable way in Switzerland.
It ran from Petersburg, Virginia south to Garysburg, North Carolina, from which it ran to Weldon via trackage rights over the Seaboard and Roanoke Railroad.
The line ran from Charlotte, North Carolina, to Columbia, South Carolina, and was the first carrier to serve Mecklenburg County, North Carolina.
The Mecca Metro or Makkah Metro is a planned four-line metro system for the city of Mecca, Saudi Arabia, constructed by China Railway Construction Corporation.
Buses on both lines use a silver livery, passengers can board at any door, and vehicles receive priority at intersections.
The MTA has jurisdiction, through Metro-North, over railroad lines on the western and eastern portions of the Hudson River in New York.
The North Surrey Joint Sewage Board railways were three narrow gauge industrial railways serving the sewage plants around Berrylands station in Surbiton, south London.
The West London Tram was a proposed on-street light rail line that was to run along the Uxbridge Road corridor in West London, England.
It has 28 stops in the eastbound direction and 29 stops in the westbound direction.
The system is operated by Transpole, the public transport operator for the Lille Métropole.
Metrovia is a bus rapid transit system that has been developed in Guayaquil, Ecuador, and is now a widely used means of transportation in the city.
Freight rail companies still operate some routes; however, these operations are guided by contracted service agreements.
Based in Bari, in the Apulia region, it manages the Ferrovie del Nord Barese network, composed by the Bari–Barletta railway and the Bari metropolitan railway service.
All the lines are controlled automatically from the central dispatching, near I.P.
z o.o.. TE currently has 5 lines with a total length of 32 kilometres.
İzmir Metro is a metro system in İzmir, Turkey that is in the process of being extended with new stations being put in service.
In the third quarter of 2015, daily weekday ridership was 121,600.
It will have a length of 30 km and 24 stations.
It is the longest suspended monorail system at 15.2 km in track length.
The system is available 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, but overnight service is limited compared to regular routes.
The system started commercial operation after partially opening its Phase 1 to the public in 2014.
On one of the biggest holidays in Serbia "Lasta" was the only company to transport people with 150 buses to Gazimestan, Kosovo.
Esko is part of the Prague Integrated Transport system serving the city of Prague and the surrounding areas of the Central Bohemian Region.
The Blue Line Fleet has 69 cars.
One tram from the system remains to this day, at the corner of Rudić street.
The capacity of Metro North can be expanded beyond 9,900 passengers per hour, this will happen when the need arises to meet demand in the future.
Trolleybuses in Valparaíso, Chile, have provided a portion of the public transit service since 1952.
EsTram is a tram system in Eskişehir, Turkey.
Services have operated continuously since the first horse-car tram line was opened in 1884, and the first electric tram ran in 1926.
The Tengri Unitrade CARGO is an official of Kazakhstan Railways forwarding cargo agent.
The system opened for service on May 6, 2016.
They will both interchange with the Luas Red and Green lines.
Kynoch Coaches was a family-owned business, previously owned by Jason Ward, operated urban, school and long-distance services from its base, in Stephen Street, Toowoomba.
The Victoria Railway is a historic 55.52-mile long Canadian railway that operated in Central Ontario.
The Havana MetroBus, shortened as MB, is a public bus network serving the city of Havana, capital of Cuba.
iDTGV is a wholly owned subsidiary of the French state-owned train company SNCF, operating high-speed TGV services on multiple LGV lines throughout France.
The system authority Ferrocarrils de la Generalitat Valenciana uses bilingual signage in Valencian and Spanish.
The Baghdad Metro's rolling stock entered service in 1983.
The railroad offers a narrow gauge excursion train for zoo visitors hauled by a steam locomotive.
Companhia Paulista de Trens Metropolitanos is a commuter rail company owned by the São Paulo State Department for Metropolitan Transports.
The system is managed by the Punjab Metrobus Authority with the IT part is being carried out in coordination with Punjab IT Board.
The system opened on 28 December 2004, making Shenzhen the sixth city in mainland China to have a subway after Beijing, Tianjin, Shanghai, Guangzhou and Wuhan.
The Uinta Basin Rail project was a proposed 100 miles railroad in the Uintah Basin region of eastern Utah.
Lasta Belgrade is the owner of the Lastra Lazarevac,another big bus transport company which has 100 buses.
The operator is Miejskie Przedsiębiorstwo Komunikacyjne w Częstochowie Sp.
Due to low ridership and operating losses, the service was discontinued on January 16, 1999.
The contractors soon found themselves in financial trouble and work was soon halted.
The system was significantly improved after the completion of the so-called Nové Spojení between southern and northern parts of the system in 2008.
In 2011, the system carried 205.8 million passengers, or 563,915 passengers per day.
After the war, the railroad was repaired and reopened for traffic.
TER Aquitaine is the regional rail network serving the Aquitaine région, France.
The 427 Express Saint-Joseph is an express bus route in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.
Lucknow metro rail corporation has got the responsibility to implement the work of Kanpur metro until the spv for Kanpur metro is not formed.
The former mainly operates lines in the downtown, while the latter operates lines that serve the Binhai New Area and Tianjin Economic and Technological Development Area.
Construction began in mid-1832, the first segment between Tuscumbia and Leighton was completed in November of that year.
After the subway line was cancelled, the proposal was revised to its current state.
The Windsor Branch was leased to the Windsor and Annapolis Railway in 1871.
The North Central Railway is one of the seventeen railway zones in India.
The first area to be developed will be the first 20 kilometers from the border in Tijuana to El Florido as far as Matanuco.
The Shanghai Maglev Train or Shanghai Transrapid is a magnetic levitation train, or maglev line that operates in Shanghai, China.
Eurolines sell passes for unlimited travel between 48 European cities for either 15 or 30 days under the name Eurolines Pass.
AVR is open to public for riding during the second weekend of the month between June and October.
The night bus services replaced the previous NightRider services, with 10 operating radial from the CBD and the remaining 11 operating from suburban railway stations.
In the past the Laurinburg and Southern controlled a number of other small railroads in North Carolina and Virginia.
In the future, it is planned to extend this rail line to the city of Barbalha, south of Juazeiro do Norte.
It is commissioned by Verkehrsverbund Oberelbe from DB Regio Verkehrsbetrieb Südostsachsen and currently consists of three services operating over a 127.7 km-long network.
Ridership on the metro has steadily declined since its opening in 1995; in 2013, the metro carried only 7.51 million passengers.
It is operated and maintained by the Nanjing Metro Group Company.
The main line, connecting Bucharest with the Ukrainian border near Chernivtsi, passes through the important cities Ploieşti, Buzău, Focşani, Adjud, Roman, Paşcani and Suceava.
It was formed in 2002 and became defunct in 2009, when the Sureline operation was taken over by South West Coaches.
Kyoto Municipal Subway is the metro network in the city of Kyoto, Japan.
Chennai railway division is a railway division of the Southern Railway, India covering the districts of Northern Tamil Nadu and southern Andhra Pradesh.
The Bicton Woodland Railway is a narrow gauge railway running in gardens in the grounds of Bicton House near Budleigh Salterton in Devon.
In contrast, the average freight rate in the United States in 1915 was under $0.008 per ton-mile.
Le Havre also had a first-generation tramway that was operated by Compagnie des Tramways Électriques du Havre, which opened in 1894.
Opened in 1989, it was the first rapid transit line in Istanbul and Turkey and its opening started the revival of mass-transit in Turkish cities.
The line was abandoned in sections beginning in 1918 with portions still remaining in operation into the 1920s.
The buses are diesel-powered, purchased from such manufacturers as the Colombian-Brazilian company Marcopolo-Superior, German conglomerate Mercedes-Benz, and Swedish companies such as Volvo and Scania.
The scheme's bicycles are popularly known as Boris Bikes, after Boris Johnson, who was the Mayor of London when the scheme was launched.
Local rail services are provided by the Chemins de Fer Fédéraux and passenger ferries across the lake by the Mouettes Genevoises Navigation.
Initially, there were two fairly short tram lines that both served the city centre area; by February 1899 their number was doubled.
Aizawl Monorail is the proposed Monorail for the town of Aizawl, capital of the state of Mizoram in North-East India.
This historical tramway closed in 1957, and was replaced by trolleybuses as the main mode of public transport in Le Havre.
In 1968 it merged with the Chicago and North Western Railway, which abandoned most of the CGW's trackage.
It ran between Memphis, Tennessee, and New Orleans, Louisiana, through Vicksburg, Mississippi, and Baton Rouge.
The bikes and stations are removed during the winter in order to protect them from damage and make way for snow plows.
There are Intercity routes throughout Germany, and routes generally operate with a two-hour frequency, with multiple routes giving a more frequent service on core routes.
The Savoy section was completed to Saint-Jean-de-Maurienne in 1856.
The first phase calls for three corridors operating in mixed traffic, similar to York Region Transit's Viva network.
The city-owned Rochester Subway was operated by RTC on a contract basis from 1938 until 1957.
The city's original name – Prayag, or "place of offerings" – comes from its position at the Sangam of the Ganga, Yamuna and mythical Sarasvati rivers.
Another five lines are also planned to be completed before 2020.
The Bridgeport Railway Company was formed in 1893.
It consists of 450 bicycles at 52 hubs located in the Midtbyen, the University Campus and Trøjborg areas of the city.
Much of the railway track and rolling stock is in need of repair or replacement.
The agency's headquarters are in Zhongzheng District, Taipei.
Construction of the first line commenced in July 2011.
Buses serve the loop eastbound and westbound.Transit service in Wasaga Beach is operated by Georgian Coach Lines, using town-owned buses, under the name Wasaga Beach Transit.
The bus line from Belgrade to Paris is in function over 40 years.
All trains are fully automated and driverless, and, together with stations, are air conditioned with platform edge doors to make this possible.
At its peak, the Utica Lines consisted of 17 transit routes operated with more than 100 cars.
There are 11 lines with a total linelength of 116.7 kilometres.
All tracks are at 1000 mm width.
End-to-end journey times on the nine lines in the system range from 36 minutes up to 87 minutes.
The line is named "Expo" after Exposition Boulevard, which it runs alongside for most of its route.
The principal incentive for the building of the rail line was the vast increase in traffic to California owing to the 1849 California Gold Rush.
The Trieste–Opicina tramway is an unusual hybrid tramway and funicular railway in the city of Trieste, Italy.
Facing almost certain liquidation, the railroad company was sold to the Finnish State Railways in 1875.
The line encompasses the suburbs of Maracaibo and Maracaibo itself as drop off point.
The Lyon tramway comprises six lines, five lines operated by TCL and one by Rhônexpress in the city of Lyon in Rhône-Alpes, France.
As of 2004 there were an average of 621 000 daily weekday passenger trips.
The assets of the bankrupt Argentine Central were offered for auction in a Sheriff's sale on May 29, 1912.
The route was originally opened in 1882 by the Denver & Rio Grande Railway to transport silver and gold ore mined from the San Juan Mountains.
Line 6 runs from Jiangbei to Yubei.
It is ascribed to the Venezuelan government and the Ministry of Infrastructure.
It uses two restored vintage streetcars which carry tourists along Nelson's waterfront and was the first operating heritage streetcar line in British Columbia.
The original Georgia and Alabama Railroad was based in Rome, GA, incorporated in 1853, and started initial rail construction in 1857.
These operators also run bus and taxi services, thus facilitating full integration of public transport services.
The Southern Railway leased the company from 1899–1949.
The company's headquarters were at Kingsbridge station.
The line would not be rebuilt for twenty years.
The tramway network was replaced by the Doncaster trolleybus system, which itself was replaced by motor buses in 1963.
The M1 or Fahrettin Altay-Evka 3 Line is a 20.1 km long route of the Izmir Metro.
While lumber was the principal product of the company, chestnut, hemlock, and oak bark were also shipped as extract wood to Newport.
Conversions to existing railway lines were made to integrate them into the metro system.
Indian Trails, Inc. is an inter-city bus company based in Owosso, Michigan, with offices in Romulus and Kalamazoo.
The Northwestern Rail Road Company of Alabama built 11 miles of railroad line between Uniontown, Alabama and Newbern, Alabama in 1863 and 1864.
The planned system will include: South, East, West, Mucuripe and Maranguape.
The Duisburg Stadtbahn is a light rail network forming part of the larger Rhine-Ruhr Stadtbahn system.
The railroad also featured the first steam powered, scheduled passenger train to run in America, pulled by their first locomotive the Best Friend of Charleston.
The speeds of freight trains are heavily restricted on all existing links as a consequence of poor track and bridge conditions.
Six lines have been proposed, with a total length of 361.8 kilometres, and three have received approval from the national government for construction.
Many of them are the direct descendants of streetcar lines.
This division is second in terms of Route kilometers after secunderabad railway division.
It was in operation from 7 September 1897 to 2 April 1974.
Services were withdrawn earlier than most other British cities to be replaced by trolleybus and motor buses.
Newly added lines are : Emek-71 Evler, Batıkent-SSK, Çamlıca-SSK, Çankaya-Osmangazi University
Until 2007, CORP also operated the 136-mile Coos Bay branch, another line once owned by the SP.
The first tram line in Lille was built 1874, and the electrification of the town system started in 1894.
Trams were removed entirely from central Cairo but continued to run in Heliopolis and Helwan.
Since July 2013, SNCF headquarters are located in a Parisian suburb at 2, place aux Étoiles, 93200 Saint Denis.
IRR intends in future to extend the service to Ramadi.
The two companies remained separate, but in 1877 the Paw Paw's line was converted to 3 ft gauge to permit joint operations.
Trains can connect with the BNSF and UPRR at Prineville Jct.
With nearly half the population of Baltimore residents lacking access to a car, the MTA is an important part of the regional transit picture.
It is now incorporated into the Union Pacific Railroad system as its Green River and Provo Subdivisions, forming a portion of the Denver-Nevada Central Corridor.
It accommodated an average of 950,700 passenger trips each weekday during the fourth quarter of 2016.
Its sole shareholder is the Government of Estonia.
Stations served by express trains are typically major transfer points or destinations.
Gray Coach was an inter-city bus line based in Toronto, Ontario, from 1927 to 1991.
The latter are former KT4s that have been extended with the addition of a low-floor middle section.
Of the STC Metro's 195 stations, 24 serve two or more lines.
The use of the system by the city's population has dramatically declined in recent years as a result of the introduction of a new minibus system.
The company operated a former Louisville and Nashville Railroad line between Georgiana, Alabama and Geneva, Alabama.
Outside Budapest, a separate ticket must be validated.
Also one station is a transfer point between rail services provided by IAFE.
For safety reasons, the tunnel was closed to passenger traffic, and passengers were diverted to the Castle Shannon Incline, constructed in 1890.
Directors are elected to a four-year term and represent a specific district of about 180,000 constituents.
The Newcastle & Berwick Railway was itself absorbed by the York, Newcastle and Berwick Railway, and this became part of the North Eastern Railway in 1854.
STM bus routes serve an average of 1,403,700 daily passengers on an average weekday in 2011.
This article is about the Lake Tahoe Railway and Transportation Company which operated a narrow gauge railroad between Truckee and Lake Tahoe, California.
Jamnagar & Dwaraka Railway was a 1,000 mm metre gauge in the Nawanagar State in Gujarat during 19th century.
The system is operated by Incheon Transit Corporation.
Wasaga Beach Transit is a public transportation system for the resort town of Wasaga Beach, Ontario, Canada.
The Alabama Railroad is a class III railroad as reported by the AAR.
Together with cities and other partners, property companies started to be established and thus, risks were diminished.
The Stuttgart Stadtbahn is successor system of a tram network that characterized the urban traffic in Stuttgart for decades.
The special purpose vehicle company was established in February 2010 and the Phase–1 of the project was approved in October 2014.
The Routemaster bus number 10 was of symbolic importance to the efforts of the governments of both nations to foster peaceful and friendly relations.
The Changsha Maglev, or Changsha Maglev Express, is a medium-low speed magnetic levitation, or maglev line in Changsha, China.
The line ran from Thetford, via Watton to a junction with the Lynn and Dereham Railway at Swaffham was completed in 1875.
The first segment opened on March 28, 1988, the remainder 11 years later on March 24, 1999.
The Oslo trolleybus system was a trolleybus network operated by Oslo Sporveier in Oslo, Norway between 15 December 1940 and 15 February 1968.
Line 1 finally opened for revenue service on July 11, 2011.
Morvi Railway was a 1,000 mm metre gauge line in the princely state of Morvi in Gujarat.
Security guards at each station conduct inspections and provide assistance.
A future extension to the "downtown Galt" area of Cambridge is planned but construction may not begin on that line until 2025.
It is operated by Rajkot Rajpath Ltd., owned by Rajkot Municipal Corporation.
The track leads from Banseok Station in Yuseong-gu to Panam Station in Dong-gu.
The CO continued operations as a regional railway until 1937, when the Turkish State Railways absorbed it.
The 12.5-kilometre line runs between Mendoza and General Gutierrez in Maipú, on 1,435 mm standard gauge double-track rail.
The Munich U-Bahn system currently comprises eight lines, serving 96 stations, and encompassing 103.1 kilometres of routes.
Two daily round-trips run the "reverse commute" to and from Tacoma.
These cities have agreed to participate in Valley Metro as a unifying brand name to streamline service and reduce confusion among riders.
It also includes an extensive network of Thruway Motorcoach bus connections, operated by private companies under contract.
The total length of the system ranks fifth in China, after Shanghai, Beijing, Guangzhou and Shenzhen.
By the end of 2013, 11 more stations will be added which will increase the bike count to 450.
It is operated by Semitan, the operator of Nantes public transport network.
The system is composed of three loops and 21 stations.
Hogg had mules pull some cars a few times to assert right of way.
After Olli Metsävainio, Master of Economics, Jan Heikkilä, Master of Economics and later Commercial Counsellor, was elected as the managing director in 1981.
This includes most of the Ruhr, the Berg cities of Wuppertal and Solingen and parts of the Rhineland.
The Newquay and Cornwall Junction Railway was a 7 ft broad gauge railway intended to link the Cornwall Railway with the horse-worked Newquay Railway.
VR or VR Group is a state-owned railway company in Finland.
It operates on 75.0 kilometres of route are underground in tunnels, with the other 54.5 kilometres being above-ground in dedicated rights-of-way), serving 125 stations.
Although it is termed, it is technically a light metro using people movers.
There were 215.3 million trips on Metro in fiscal year 2015, or 712,843 trips per weekday.
Total operational capacity is scheduled to exceed 600 km by 2020.
A victim of its own success, Busway line 4 attracts higher ridership than Semitan expected, pushing the system to saturation.
It is a semicircular line, and is fully underground.
It was built as a horse-drawn tramway carrying china clay from St Austell to a new harbour at Pentewan, and was opened in 1829.
Yokohama Municipal Subway is the metro network in the city of Yokohama, Japan, south of Tokyo In Kanagawa pref.
Waukesha Metro Transit is a public transit agency operating in the city of Waukesha and throughout the Waukesha County and parts of Milwaukee County in Wisconsin.
The system was reopened completely following the fall of the Berlin Wall, and German reunification.
The Wilmington and Manchester Railroad was a railroad that served South Carolina and North Carolina before, during and after the American Civil War.
It is integrated with two of the city's seven intermodal terminals: Parangaba and Papicu, with Mucuripe port and the international airport Pinto Martins.
The Chemin de Fer Moudania Brousse,,, or CFMB was a 41-kilometre long railway line from the port of Mudanya to Bursa.
It was conceived as part of the city's 2007 transportation master plan.
The line was expanded in 2007 and it now consists of one line, 22 operating stations, and 22.6 kilometres of route.
Jaipur City Transport Services Limited is a city bus service for Jaipur, the capital of Rajasthan state in India.
In addition, PARTA includes Kent State University's Campus Bus Service, which it acquired in 2004, and a dial-a-ride service.
The company known in Spanish as Empresa de Transporte Masivo del Valle de Aburrá - Metro de Medellín Ltda was created on 31 May 1979.
The Société de transport de Montréal was created in 2002 to replace the Société de Transport de la Communauté Urbaine De Montréal.
The new line will include two stops in Caguas that will connect the Tren Urbano in San Juan.
Albanian Railways has been described by many travel guides as a tourist attraction and a de facto panoramic journey.
The Dubai Metro is a rapid transit rail network in Dubai, United Arab Emirates.
Rail transport was introduced to Bangkok in 1893, and the national railway network was developed during the 20th century.
At its launch, the scheme, which is sponsored by JCDecaux, used 450 French-made unisex bicycles with 40 stations.
The Metro itself consists of 4 lines, cover 116.5 kilometres of route and serving 114 stations.
The system has been under consideration for revival efforts several times since becoming defunct, though most remained unfulfilled for lack of financial backing.
MR operates 18 freight trains, and 379 passenger trains, transporting over 100,000 passengers daily.
The Cardiff scheme ended 23 December 2011 with OYBike citing a lack of ongoing sponsorship.
The SDERy was established by "sugar heir," developer, and entrepreneur John D. Spreckels in 1892.
The Selma and Meridian Rail Road Company was placed in receivership on March 19, 1868.
TEC buses and trams are distinctively painted yellow and red.
In 2011, Genessee & Wyoming began control of all of these operations on behalf of Cliffs under the name Western Labrador Rail Services.
It handles approximately 1,000,000  passenger trips daily with a peak passenger flow of 26,900 pphpd.
A 17-kilometre line running from the city centre to industrial areas in the south of the city opened on 20 September 2015.
Operating rights on the portion from San Angelo to Presidio later were awarded to Texas Pacifico Transportation.
Lakes and rivers had been the principal means of transportation but they were frozen and unusable for 4–5 months of the year.
The Path Valley Railroad was a proposed 3 ft narrow gauge railroad in Perry and Franklin Counties, Pennsylvania, USA.
While DSB is responsible for passenger train operation on most of the Danish railways, goods transport and railway maintenance are outside its scope.
With the proliferation of ICE services, the role of IC trains has diminished slightly, and they have taken on the character of many former InterRegio trains.
There will be metro trains every 2 minutes in both directions with a 19-minute journey from Dublin City Centre to Dublin Airport.
As of October 2013, the combined Red and Purple lines averaged 169,478 boardings per weekday.
Although the units were well-patronised, the deficit was not reduced sufficiently to justify keeping the line open.
Serbian Railways is a member of the International Union of Railways.
Unlike the other incline railways at Niagara Falls, the Falls Incline was not built to descend into the Niagara Gorge below the falls.
Operational experience during the first summer encouraged purchase of two open, arch-roofed excursion cars from Jackson & Sharp to handle the crowds traveling during fair weather.
The railroad was originally built from the Eagles Mere Railroad near Eagles Mere 3.5 miles to the lumber mill at Sonesville on Kettle Creek.
It also operates about 20 miles of trackage between Savannah and Riceboro, Georgia, switching Interstate Paper LLC.
Early development of railways in the Province of Canada, which consisted of Lower Canada and Upper Canada, was delayed by lack of capital and industrial infrastructure.
Rail was 85-100 pounds on the Easley-Pickens segment and 85 pounds on the Anderson-Honea Path segment.
Alterations were made to a number of roads to provide a dedicated bus lane.
Until 2014, the company operated the domestic inter-city passenger routes currently operated by Elron.
The freight charge for this load of telephone supplies was $500, or $1.11 per ton-mile.
Procurement of a further version, ICx, began c. 2008, and was rebranded ICE 4 in late 2015.
The San Juan-Caguas Rail project, currently named NOVOTRÉN, will link the Puerto Rican cities of San Juan and Caguas through a "regional rail network".
It was created and owned by Thomas Egenton Hogg.
In 1980 the track was extended to form a mile-long continuous loop.
Guiyang Metro was approved for construction on 6 May 2013.
But as happened in most cities around the world, tram service in Istanbul began to close in 1956, and ended completely in 1966.
In Q4 2014, the Trolley was the 4th most-ridden light rail system in the United States, with an average of 119,800 riders per weekday.
Currently, the route is serviced by 140 Chinese built Golden Dragon buses, providing express and local service for 18 hours daily from 05:00am to 11:00pm.
It is managed by Delhi Division of Northern Railway zone.
In 1953 SPAP absorbed Northwestern Greece Railways, which operated a metre gauge line from Kryoneri to Messolongi and Agrinion.
According to a past issue of the Port Dover Maple Leaf newspaper, Ride Norfolk has been approved to continue operations through the end of 2013.
Its motto is "Somos parte de tu vida".
Four infill stations in Everett were opened in 2011, and a southbound infill station serving Edmonds Community College opened in 2016.
In addition, a 3 miles branch extended from a point west of Lehigh into additional coal mines in Coal County.
The Rochester and Suburban Railway was leased in 1905, extending the system's reach to Irondequoit and Sea Breeze.
It is a line with 21 stations running between Valmy and Chenôve.
Its S-Bahn network has been partially in operation since 2004 and its first stage is expected to be completed in 2014.
Trans Sarbagita is a bus rapid transit system in Denpasar, Bali, Indonesia.
It uses a standard Russian broad gauge.
Rapid City, Pierre and Eastern Railroad is a Class II railroad operating across South Dakota and southern Minnesota in the northern plains of the United States.
Königsberg's tram network reached its greatest extent in 1937, at which time it was organised into 15 routes with a total length of 102 km.
The 15 in gauge Cleethorpes Coast Light Railway primarily serves holidaymakers in Cleethorpes, North East Lincolnshire, England.
Oshawa Transit was a public transit operator in Oshawa, Ontario, Canada, from 1960 to 2005.
As of December 31, 2015, Carris employed 1995 individuals, of whom 1285 were bus drivers and 152 drove trams.
The Dubai Metro carried 10 million passengers from launch on 9 September 2009 to 9 February 2010 with 11 stations operational on the Red Line.
The Mixed traffic lane is separated from the BRTS lane by providing 250mm wide CC block on both sides.
The Carolina Northern was chartered to extend from Lumberton, North Carolina, to South Marion, South Carolina, a distance of about 40 miles.
Primary commodities include poultry feed ingredients, wood products, steel, plastics, propane, ethanol, and rail car storage, amounting to approximately 12,700 annual carloads.
The SmartBus network was expected to reach 370 kilometres by 2012.
The network is owned by two distinct companies and operated by a third.
On July 1, 1867, ownership of the NSR was passed from the Government of Nova Scotia to the Government of Canada.
The Roswell Railroad was a 3 ft narrow gauge railroad that ran from south of Roswell, Georgia to Chamblee from 1881 until 1921.
In 1911, it was recabled and electrified.
These operations form an isolated railroad network, as it does not interchange with any other rail lines on the North American network.
The Grimsby & Immingham Electric Railway was an electric light railway, primarily for passenger traffic, linking Great Grimsby with the Port of Immingham in Lincolnshire, England.
The line offers both Commuter and Express train services, as well as in-town check-in and baggage check at Taipei Main Station.
Colchester Corporation Tramways served the town of Colchester in Essex from 28 July 1904 until 8 December 1929.
There are additional plans to construct two more stations on this north-south line omitted during initial construction due to costs.
The railroad has three stations; Shade, El Pozo and High Pass.
This connected the railroad's eastern division with its expanding line across the Blue Ridge in the Shenandoah Valley.
The initial rolling stock was based on Alstom's TGV Réseau, and was partly built in Korea.
The carrier entered receivership a year later, on December 2, 1902, after which it was acquired by the Raleigh and Charleston Railroad.
In January 12, 2017, the southern extension of Line 2 allows the system to serve the Xinzheng International Airport.
Much of the right-of-way still exists as part of the CSX Corporation's trackage in the area.
Norilsk Railway is a single-track railway, formerly the northernmost part of Russia.
With both lines opened, ridership increased to 61,270,054 passengers in 2014.
It was inaugurated on April 5, 2014, and entered revenue service on April 6.
The Geltsdale Reservoir railway was a 3 ft narrow gauge industrial railway used during the construction of Castle Carrock Reservoir near Carlisle in Cumbria.
It is owned by the city of Dallas and operated by Dallas Area Rapid Transit, which also operates Dallas's DART Light Rail system.
In fact it soon focused on transporting coal from the rapidly developing rich colliery area around Aberdare.
The system's bikes and stations use BIXI-branded technology from PBSC Urban Solutions.
The metro system would become the second metro system in Argentina, after the Buenos Aires Underground.
By 1934, passenger traffic service had been discontinued, with local rail freighting following it in 1956.
The line was reorganized as the Carson and Colorado Railway in 1892 to reduce accumulated debt.
The line extends from Trenton, Texas to Garland, Texas, then from Garland to Dallas via trackage rights over Kansas City Southern Railway and Union Pacific.
It moved around 26,000 carloads of goods in 2008.
The system features 37 stations and carries an average of 53,123 people each weekday.
It also owned the Marine Station Hotel at Bray and the Grand Central Hotel at Rathdrum, south of Wicklow.
Atlantic and North Carolina Railroad Company was incorporated under act of the North Carolina Legislature, ratified December 27, 1852, and was organized on January 20, 1854.
The other two lines are partly tramlines and partly underground lines.
The Metronit, also spelled Matronit, is a bus rapid transit system in Haifa, Israel.
It is a funicular railway in Aberystwyth, Ceredigion, Wales, having a length of 778 feet.
SLC is also a railcar owner, mostly refrigerator cars and boxcars.
The service is supported primarily by transit gross receipt taxes, which provided 73% of the RTD's revenues in 2014.
This specially-dedicated and grade separated guideway for BRT Sunway Line buses is almost similar to rapid transit elevated railways.
The West Central Railway, one of the 16 zones of the Indian Railways, came into existence on 1 April 2003.
The Maine Narrow Gauge Railroad Co. & Museum is located in Portland, Maine, United States.
Some of the box car and passenger car bodies were sold as sheds, and the remainder floated down the Kennebec River in the 1936 flood.
At one point the railway crosses the A46 motorway.
The Macau Light Rapid Transit or Macau LRT also known as Metro Ligeiro de Macau is a mass transit system in Macau under construction.
Tram traffic in Rijeka was introduced in 1899.
It is operated by Helsinki City Transport for Helsinki Regional Transport Authority and carries 63 million passengers per year.
This short line railroad was created after 2001 from the former Southern Alabama Railroad and is currently owned and operated by Genesee & Wyoming.
The system is free to use requiring a DKK 20 kr.
It is the oldest and largest of the urban transit service providers in the Greater Toronto Area, with numerous connections to systems serving its surrounding municipalities.
The Ashorne Hall Railway was a ridable miniature railway in Warwick, Warwickshire, England.
The Andalusia and Conecuh Railroad was a shortline railroad formerly operating between Gantt and Andalusia, Alabama, United States 8.7 miles.
The adaptable people mover was utilized for several separate systems: the Airport Train, Employee Train, American Airlines TrAAin and utility service.
It began operations in 2006 with 27.2 km of service.
Services are provided to the general public, with no age or disability restrictions.
The frequency has gradually increased to a tram every four minutes in 2011.
Service operates Monday through Friday during peak hours from Seattle, Washington, north to Everett and south to Lakewood.
Its other name references one letter per city, the same way the ABC region in Greater São Paulo is named.
INRD also owns a former Milwaukee Road line from Terre Haute, Indiana, to Burns City, Indiana, with trackage rights extending to Chicago, Illinois.
Ticketing for the network is integrated under the Wiener Linien umbrella brand with all means of public transport in Vienna, including trams and buses.
Seven Metro-North Railroad feeder routes are run by the brand name of Hudson Rail Link, operated by Logan Bus Company under contract.
Prior to 1919 the tram system was owned by private interests, and from that year onwards by the City of Turku until closure of the system.
Metro West was to run from Tallaght to Dardistown, near Dublin Airport.
In 2001 Mayor Artūras Zuokas requested international support for a feasibility study of the proposed system.
The first line in the present network was opened in 2010 to link the city center with the neighboring comune of Scandicci.
It is now integrated into the Munich Transport and Tariff Association and interconnected throughout the city with the locally owned Munich U-Bahn.
The Indore Metro is a rapid transit light metro system proposed for the city of Indore, India.
Through mergers and new construction, the railroad, named Chicago Great Western after 1892, quickly became a multi-state carrier.
Upon its eventual opening, it will become Siberia's second metropolitan underground railway system after the Novosibirsk Metro which opened in the mid 1980s.
The grade soon reached Conococheague Mountain, and construction began on both portals of the tunnel.
The North County Transit District is the agency responsible for public transportation in North San Diego County, California, United States.
A stock issue of $400,000 was authorized for construction of the proposed 48-mile line.
Although primarily a freight carrier, it also had a passenger car, and ran a passenger service as well.
