For Lord Rockingam he won a 500 guinea sweepstake over the Beacon course at Newmarket in April 1765.
Shoal Creek has produced four named foals which included:
Ile de Bourbon was an American-bred, British-trained Thoroughbred race horse and sire.
He was retired to stud at the end of 1975 and had some success as a sire of winners.
In a racing career which lasted from 1983 until 1985 she ran fifteen times and won eight races.
Norman W. Church purchased Gallant Sir and raced him under his Northway Stable.
Rachel Alexandra is a retired American Thoroughbred racehorse and the 2009 Horse of the Year.
Viva Pataca is a British-bred Thoroughbred racehorse, who achieved his greatest success when trained in Hong Kong.
She had some success as a broodmare.
Sir Des Champs is a French-bred, Irish-trained AQPS racehorse who competes in National Hunt races.
Inglis Drever was a champion racehorse trained in the North of England by Howard Johnson.
He is sired by Dixie Union, a great-grandson of Northern Dancer by his grandsire Dixieland Band.
Jay Trump was an American thoroughbred racehorse and one of only two horses to win both the Maryland Hunt Cup and the Grand National steeplechase races.
1999 Dubai Edition : Chesnut colt, foaled 1 January, by Mr Prospector - won 2 races and placed once in the U.S.A. and Dubai 2001-03
Not Bourbon is a Canadian Thoroughbred race horse.
She was sired by August Belmont's stakes winner St. Florian, out of the King Ban mare, Carline.
Crowded House is a British-bred Thoroughbred racehorse and sire.
As a stallion, his progeny included the Grand National winner Lord Gyllene.
Apart from his classic success, his most important win came in 1812, when he won a division of the Great Subscription Purse at York.
She was out of an American mare named White Thorn by Nasturtium, who was a brilliant two-year-old.
2 Princess of Wales's stakes in Newmarket, second in the Gr.
Pas de Reponse was an American-bred, French-trained Thoroughbred racehorse and broodmare.
He was given an Eclipse Award in 1989 following wins in the Breeders' Cup Mile, Arlington Million, and Bernard Baruch Handicap.
Bien Bien was retired to stud for the 1995 season.
Bob Black Jack was the pace setter in the 2008 Kentucky Derby and finished second in the Santa Anita Derby behind Colonel John.
After retiring to stud, he sired 30 stakes winners and his daughters produced 50 stakes winners.
He was bred by William Purdey at his Greenfields Farm in Colts Neck Township, New Jersey.
He was registered as a dark bay colt; but was later classified as a "true black."
Bred by renowned Canadian horseman, E. P. Taylor, his sire Canadian Champ and his grandsire Windfields were both Canadian Horse Racing Hall of Fame inductees.
In a racing career which lasted from July 1999 until July 2000 she won three of her six races.
He was retired at the end of 2003 and was syndicated for $15-million.
A specialist sprinter, he showed promise as a two-year-old in 1977, and improved to become a high-class performer in 1978.
He is sired by increasingly important Candy Ride out of the Storm Cat mare Fair Exchange.
Lord Murphy was an American thoroughbred racehorse that was bred in Tennessee and is best known for winning the 1879 Kentucky Derby.
At four, he was beaten in his first two races before recording an impressive seven-length win in the Hardwicke Stakes at Royal Ascot.
In 2012, he won the Satsuki Shō and the Kikuka Shō, the first and third legs of the Japanese Triple Crown.
Twelve months earlier, as a novice, he had won the Scottish National over four miles one furlong at Ayr.
He raced for four seasons between 1848 and 1851, winning all but one of his fifteen races, including the Epsom Derby and the St Leger.
Bred in Kentucky by Samuel D. Riddle, he was owned by Allen T. Simmons of Akron, Ohio, a rubber mogul and radio station operator.
After a long absence he returned to the track in Dubai as a five-year-old but was well beaten in both his races.
Triple Crown champion and Hall of Fame inductee, Secretariat.
Smoken Up is an Australian champion Standardbred race horse bred in New Zealand.
In a career that lasted from August 2007 to November 2009 he won seven of his fifteen starts, including four at Group One/Grade I level.
She was sired by multiple American Grade 1 winner Private Account, a son of U.S.
As a four-year-old she won the Sandown Mile and Coronation Cup.
Commotion was a British Thoroughbred racehorse and broodmare who raced during World War II and was best known for winning the classic Oaks Stakes in 1941.
Her first foal should be born in 2015.
All in all, she was in the money 62 times.
Esoterique is an Irish-bred, French-trained Thoroughbred racehorse.
Bernborough was an outstanding Australian-bred Thoroughbred racehorse who competed from 1941 to 1946.
He was a specialist steeplechaser who recorded most of his wins over two and two-and-a-half miles, but was capable of winning major races over longer distances.
He is most noted for winning the 2011 Epsom Derby.
He beat a field of eight horses to earn his first victory.
His wins included the Prix de Deux Ans, Grand Criterium, Poule d'Essai des Poulains and Eclipse Stakes.
La Cucaracha remained in training at five and recorded another major victory on her final racecourse appearance when she won the King George Stakes.
He was eighth on the sires list in 1950 and 1952 and ninth in 1951.
She showed useful form in Europe as a three and four-year-old, winning the Atalanta Stakes, Dahlia Stakes and Kilboy Estate Stakes.
He had to be euthanized on February 1, 2007 after colic surgery at the Ontario Veterinary College hospital at the University of Guelph.
Night Nurse was an Irish-bred English-trained National Hunt racehorse.
Assassin was a Thoroughbred racehorse that won the 1782 Epsom Derby.
She won five of her sixteen races, with two seconds and three thirds, earning £493000 in a career that spanned three seasons.
Alydeed was owned and raced by David Willmot's Kinghaven Farms.
Hill Prince raced for two further seasons and had some success despite a number of injuries and training problems.
When switched to chasing he won the Paddy Fitpatrick Memorial Novice Chase and Kinloch Brae Chase before recording his most important victories.
Epigram entered the 1952 Queen's Plate having never won a race and having only earned $75.
Her earnings were an Australian record for a mare to that time.
His most notable offspring were produced under the ownership of the 3rd Duke of Grafton and his son.
In the following year she was the beaten favourite for the 1000 Guineas but won the Strensall Stakes.
She was owned and bred by Robert Cowell and trained by Michael Stoute.
He was rated the fifth-best racehorse in the world and was voted German Horse of the Year for his performances in 2013.
Mejiro McQueen was inducted into the Japan Racing Association Hall of Fame in 1994.
He was bred in Kentucky by the Aga Khan.
Parthia was a British Thoroughbred racehorse and sire.
On May 26, 2008, he ran second in the Metropolitan Handicap at Belmont Park.
The classic was run twice after claims of an irregular start, but Antonio's victory in the original running was eventually allowed to stand.
He went on to win two important races at Newmarket and a King's Plate at Guildford.
Ruler on Ice is a Thoroughbred racehorse that won the 2011 Belmont Stakes.
She also placed in multiple stakes races at ages three and four.
She was beaten when favourite for the Epsom Oaks but returned to record further Group One successes in the Irish Oaks and the Yorkshire Oaks.
As a stallion he sired several top class horses including the sprinter Sundridge, Champion Stakes winner Dieudonne and Eclipse Stakes winner Lally.
Skyline was a notable Australian Thoroughbred racehorse who was the best three-year-old of his year.
The colt is a son of Distorted Humor, a Mr. Prospector line sire whose other offspring includes dual classic winner and champion Funny Cide.
Shady Well was a Canadian Thoroughbred racehorse.
Zenyatta is a retired American champion Thoroughbred racehorse, winner of 19 consecutive races in a 20-race career.
His first start as a four-year-old resulted in a second placing to the unbeaten Group One winner Light Fantastic in the J J Liston Stakes.
Bald Galloway was a leading Thoroughbred sire in the 18th century.
He raced in April and May 1831, in a career that lasted less than seven weeks.
His most important win came in May 1819 when he won the Derby.
He was by Night Raid, the sire of Phar Lap, out of the good racemare and broodmare, Marsa by Martian, a mare that traced to Manto.
She continued to race at ages four and five, retiring after three races in 1952.
She was scheduled to retire from racing at the end of the year but was killed in a fall at Sha Tin Racecourse in December.
He has unique connections, as his part-owner/trainer and his usual jockey are brothers: Keith and Kent Desormeaux.
Ben Brush was a high-class Thoroughbred racehorse and sire who won the 1896 Kentucky Derby.
In that year's Kentucky Derby he finished tenth then started two more times before being injured.
Dawn Run was the only racehorse ever to complete the Champion Hurdle - Gold Cup double.
The 6-year-old stallion was humanely euthanized at Rood & Riddle Equine Hospital in Lexington, Kentucky.
Ten Broeck died in 1887 and is buried at Nantura Stock Farm in Midway, Kentucky.
He was owned by Pen-Y-Bryn Farm, a partnership founded in 1971 by brothers William W. and Thomas M. Bancroft, Jr. of Muttontown, New York.
In a brief racing career, the filly ran three times with her only success coming in the classic 1000 Guineas at Newmarket in 1827.
As a two-year-old he showed very good form, recording victories in the Acomb Stakes in England and the Futurity Stakes in Ireland.
Of his offspring, the most famous is the filly Chris Evert who too would become a U.S.
In the 2012/2013 he won the Elite Hurdle, International Hurdle, Kingwell Hurdle and Aintree Hurdle, although he again ran disappointingly in the Champion Hurdle.
She is owned by Town and Country Farms and trained by Todd Pletcher.
In the 14-furlong race, he fought off Cloudy's Knight to win by a nose.
She was retired in 2010 to be a broodmare and has produced two foals to date.
William Donovan handled the training duties for Precisionist's final start when he finished twelfth in the 1988 Sunny Isle Handicap at Calder Race Course.
Damsire Apelle, owned and bred by Tesio, was one of the first horses from Italy to meet with success in racing outside the county.
For his 2008 performances, Not Bourbon was voted the Sovereign Award for Champion 3-Year-Old Male Horse.
Unraced as a two-year-old, Detroit won her first four races in 1980 including the Prix Fille de l'Air, Prix Chloé and Prix de la Nonette.
As a two-year-old in 1984 he showed great promise by winning three of his four races including the William Hill Futurity.
He also sired Epsom Derby winner and Champion sire, Galopin.
Only very modestly successful as a sire, Miche's best runner was probably Hymient who won several stakes races.
In 2008 he won the Deloitte Novice Hurdle and the following year won the Arkle Challenge Trophy at the Cheltenham Festival.
He was the winner of the 1912 Kentucky Derby, as well as the Chesapeake Stakes and Latonia Handicap.
Racing Hall of Fame inductee Northern Dancer, and her damsire was another U.S. Hall of Famer, Round Table.
Pentire is a British Thoroughbred racehorse and sire.
He went on to become a successful stallion and is based at the Royal Studs at Sandringham, Norfolk.
Shuvee was an American Thoroughbred Champion Hall of Fame racehorse.
Trainer Moody Jolley purchased him from Claiborne Farm as a yearling.
Three weeks later, Takeover Target raced again at Randwick in a listed race over 1,200 metres in what was dubbed a match race with Dance Hero.
Talkin Man is a Thoroughbred racehorse who was the Canadian Champion 2-year-old colt of 1994 after winning the Coronation Futurity and Grey Stakes.
He was line-bred to Galopin in the 4th and 5th generation.
Racing at age 2 in France, Hatoof started three times, winning once and placing second on two occasions.
Hyperbaric - won G1 Citation Handicap, G2 Oak Tree Mile Stakes
As a three-year-old in 1892 he won the Epsom Derby at odds of 40/1.
Fraulein, winner in Canada of the 2002 E. P. Taylor Stakes.
He is a bay son of Danehill and he was inbred to Northern Dancer in the third generation.
Big Brown is a retired American Thoroughbred racehorse best known for winning the 2008 Kentucky Derby and 2008 Preakness Stakes.
He also stood at stud in Australia, but with limited success.
Northern Dancer then became the first Canadian-bred to ever win the Kentucky Derby, following up with a win in the Preakness Stakes.
He sustained an injury in winning the Trophy and never recovered his form, finishing unplaced in his two subsequent starts.
He then won the Brookdale Handicap, the Continental Handicap, and the Yorktown Handicap.
In 1974 he won on his debut and then finished second in the Group One Grand Criterium.
Ginevra did not produce any notable offspring, although two of her daughters had some success as broodmares.
In 1988 she was beaten in her first two races, but won her next four, taking the Musidora Stakes, Epsom Oaks, Irish Oaks and Yorkshire Oaks.
After finishing second on his only appearance as a two-year-old he won his first two races in 1987 including the Dee Stakes.
In a career that lasted from April 1933 to June 1934 he ran eleven times and won nine races.
Went on to capture all three twice during her amazing career.
Unraced as a juvenile, he showed promise as a three-year-old in France, winning two races including the Prix de l'Avre.
In a racing career which lasted from 1957 until July 1960 he ran twenty times and won eleven races.
The following year, he had a second-place finish in the Withers Stakes.
A number of expert racing observers agreed, saying that Ridan was the best two-year-old they had ever seen.
Hurryoff was sired by Withers Stakes winner, Haste.
He was a leading two-year-old racehorse, winning four races from seven runs in Europe in 2006.
However, forty yards from the finishing post, Devon Loch suddenly, and inexplicably, half-jumped into the air and collapsed in a bellyflop on the turf.
Committed was an American-bred, Irish-trained Thoroughbred racehorse and broodmare.
He is best known for winning the Kentucky Derby and the Belmont Stakes in 1984.
The Green Monkey is an American Thoroughbred racehorse.
The next day, she was buried in the infield at Saratoga racetrack.
He was a leading two-year-old, but retired due to injury.
By 1903, Featherstone ordered his trainer, Julius Bauer, to dispose of Typhoon II, as the horse's paddock was needed for another purpose.
Following his victory in the Wood Memorial, he entered the 1978 Kentucky Derby as the fourth favorite at 7-1, behind Alydar, Affirmed and Sensitive Prince.
It was also the first Grand National winner to be owned by a woman.
Blue Swords was a son of Blue Larkspur and Flaming Swords, whose father was Man o' War.
Lyphard was a French Thoroughbred racehorse and an important sire.
She had no success as a broodmare, producing only two foals.
Giant's Causeway is a Kentucky-bred thoroughbred racehorse who competed primarily in Europe.
At age four, 1993 was Bertrando's best year in racing.
Racing Hall of Fame jockey, Willie Simms in the 24th edition of the Kentucky Derby.
Big Pebble was an American Thoroughbred Champion racehorse.
In the Groove was a British Thoroughbred racehorse.
Having run second in the Caulfield Cup to the New Zealand champion Redcraze she was sent out a 15/1 chance.
In his British career he ran three times and won two races.
He has had little success as a breeding stallion.
He became one of only nine geldings to win the Kentucky Derby and the second gelding to win the race since 1929.
He was then retired to stud where he became a highly successful breeding stallion being the sire and grandsire of many important winners.
Curwen's Bay Barb was a foundation sire of the Thoroughbred breed.
She won fifteen consecutive races and was only the fifth filly to win the British Fillies Triple Crown since its inception in 1814.
Regulus was an undefeated Thoroughbred racehorse stallion foaled in 1739.
Thus "the estate" may refer to all other cottages and villages in the same ownership as the mansion itself, covering more than one former manor.
Solwhit was a French-bred, Irish-trained thoroughbred racehorse.
Born Wild - won Austrian Derby, Champion three-year-old in Austria
Artie Schiller is a retired American Thoroughbred racehorse.
Gustavus was a Thoroughbred racehorse that won the 1821 Epsom Derby.
His dam, Vignola, was a great-granddaughter of the British mare Thoughtless, whose other descendants included the 2000 Guineas winner Adam's Apple.
Fappiano was the grandsire of two different horses that combined to win all three U.S.
Bold Reason was an American Thoroughbred racehorse and Champion broodmare sire.
Canadian Bound was the first Thoroughbred yearling racehorse ever to be sold for more than US$1 million.
Bred by Sam-Son Farm, he was by the highly successful sire Vice Regent and out of Sam-Son Farm's foundation mare No Class.
[1] Titled Hero went on to win the Breeders' Stakes on turf.
The current General Secretary of the STUC is Grahame Smith.
As a three-year-old, Plaudit was ridden by future U.S.
The relationship of aunt/uncle to niece/nephew is an example of second-degree relatives, meaning that their coefficient of relationship is 25%.
Terlingua was known as The Crown Princess.
Bronze was a British Thoroughbred racehorse and broodmare who won the classic Oaks Stakes at Epsom Downs Racecourse in 1806.
Eight Carat was a British-bred Thoroughbred broodmare.
Bred by Abraham Savin and raced under the colors of his Aisco Stable, Forward Gal was trained by future U.S.
In a career that lasted from 1891 to 1894 he ran eight times and won three races.
He was the Australian Horse Of The Year in 2009.
Nonetheless, his 1982 performances still earned him the Eclipse Award for Outstanding Male Turf Horse.
His dam, Majideh, is recorded as being in the foaling stall without a live foal until March 20, 1954 at approximately 7:45 AM.
In a racing career which lasted from April 1828 until April 1830 she ran eighteen times, winning eleven races and finishing second on five occasions.
He is a multiple Group One winner in Germany.
His subsequent form was disappointing, as he failed to win in his remaining seven races.
Cardigan Bay was a New Zealand harness racing pacer foaled 1 September 1956.
Among Dehere's offspring are four millionaire racehorses in Australia:
As a two-year-old in 1983 she won on her debut and then took the Princess Margaret Stakes on her second appearance.
Ace of Aces was an American-bred French-trained Thoroughbred racehorse and sire.
He did not race again until mid September when he ran third to Soldier of Fortune in the Prix Niel.
Soon after his win at Epsom, Felstead was injured in training and never ran again.
In a racing career that lasted from July 1989 to September 1990 he ran nine times in Britain, Ireland and France.
In 1935, he won the Hambletonian race and in 1938 he lowered the record time for trotting the mile to 1:55¼.
Sagace stood at stud for just over three years before dying prematurely at age nine.
But he lost his chance when the horse in front of him fell, taking Bore Head and another horse down in a three-horse tumble.
As a three-year-old in 1965 she won the Nassau Stakes and the Prix Vermeille.
Tenerani's sire, Bellini, was also bred and raced by Federico Tesio and whose wins included the 1940 Derby Italiano.
Spearmint was placed on the winning sires and brood-mare sires lists on several occasions.
Tokino Minoru was a Japanese Thoroughbred racehorse, who was an undefeated winner of his 10 race starts, which included the Tokyo Yushun.
Princess Coup is a New Zealand thoroughbred racehorse.
Her performances led to her being rated the best filly of her generation in the world over staying distances.
The attempted scam is infamous in Australian history due to the involvement of some of racing's elite.
After her second classic win she was retired to stud, where her record as a broodmare was disappointing.
She has been described as one of the best British racemares of the 20th century.
Tracery was an American-bred, British-trained Thoroughbred racehorse and sire, best known for winning the St. Leger Stakes in 1912.
At age three, Answer Lively raced seven more times, earning three seconds but without a win.
Chant was sold in September 1894 to Charles Head Smith for $5,100 at auction when Leigh & Rose dissolved their partnership.
Macho Again got his start as a two-year-old under trainer Dallas Stewart at Saratoga Race Course.
He raced eight times and won three of these, being placed on his other five starts.
He was owned by Thomas Dundas, 2nd Earl of Zetland and trained by George Abdale.
Carotene is a Canadian Thoroughbred Hall of Fame racehorse who holds the filly or mare record for winning the most Sovereign Awards.
As a three-year-old in 2007 he won the Prix du Jockey Club and Prix Jean Prat.
He is most notable as the winner of the Epsom Derby in 1992.
She was from Tapit's first crop and helped propel him to the top of the 2008 Freshmen Sire List.
Baden-Baden was sired by Australian; his dam, Lavender, was sired by Wagner.
His performances earned him his third consecutive German Horse of the Year title.
Her three-year-old season earned her both the Three Year-Old of the Year award and Horse of the Year, a rare feat for a filly.
Blu-spec CD describes a Red Book CD manufactured by a process introduced by Sony Music Entertainment Japan in late 2008.
Bull Dog was a French Thoroughbred racehorse who became a North American Champion sire and Champion broodmare sire.
Determine, was an American Thoroughbred race horse.
In the field of law, Savigny and in the field of psychology Wundt.
In 2002–03, Florida Pearl failed to get his head in front in five attempts.
After one more win he suffered serious leg injuries which ended his racing career.
Tank's Prospect was an American Thoroughbred racehorse best known for winning the second leg of the U.S.
Paulina was a British Thoroughbred racehorse and broodmare best known for winning the classic St Leger Stakes in 1807.
He twice won the Ascot Gold Cup and the Yorkshire Cup.
He had little impact as a breeding stallion.
Funny Cide is a Thoroughbred race horse who won the Kentucky Derby and the Preakness Stakes in 2003.
The National Museum of Racing and Hall of Fame said that he was: "...considered one of the greatest horses of the 20th century."
In a racing career which lasted from June 2006 to October 2007 the filly ran nine times and won four races.
His progeny included Azor, Medora, Sultan and Turquoise.
Victorian was an American Thoroughbred racehorse that was bred in Kentucky.
She finished second in the Epsom Oaks and third in the Irish Oaks before recording her biggest success in the Yorkshire Oaks.
He remained in training as a four-year-old, winning the Grand Prix de Saint-Cloud and Prix Foy.
Aureole was a British Thoroughbred racehorse and sire who was owned by Queen Elizabeth II.
Equaled the world record and set a new track record for 1 1⁄4 miles at Gulfstream Park
Empire Glory was a Thoroughbred racehorse who was sold for a world record price as a yearling in 1982.
Sent north, Bull Page won two allowance races at Jamaica Racetrack in New York City.
Wells, Rapid Redux has now won races at seven different tracks at distances from five furlongs to 1 1/8 miles, using seven riders during the streak.
Clement Hirsch's grandchildren all called him "Papa Clem."
Out of the mare Potheen, his damsire was Wildair, winner of the 1920 Metropolitan Handicap.
Homeboykris was one of three winners from as many starters out of stakes-place winner One Last Salute, by Salutely.
After that, Comply Or Die was immediately retired.
In the following year he finished second in both the Satsuki Sho and the Tokyo Yushun before winning the Kobe Shimbun Hai and the Kikuka Sho.
Despite racing only once in North America in 2003 she was voted American Champion Female Turf Horse at the Eclipse Awards.
She failed to win as a three-year-old but ran well in several major races before being retired at the end of the season.
Immortal Verse is an Irish-bred, French-trained Thoroughbred racehorse and broodmare.
She topped the Free Handicap after winning the Middle Park Stakes, Queen Mary Stakes and two other races.
He was retired from racing in 2005 and is currently at stud in Templemore Co. Tipperary
Trained by Jack Hutton, Aymond's best result at age two was a third-place finish in the Coronation Futurity Stakes.
She was then retired to stud, where she had some success as a broodmare.
Nassipour was an American Thoroughbred racehorse and a Leading sire in Australia.
Later that year he won the King Edward VII Stakes and Great Voltigeur Stakes but ran badly when favourite for the St Leger Stakes.
A few of the horses Tantième sired are:
He was retired from racing to become a breeding stallion in Japan where he had limited impact as a sire of winners.
He was bred by Seton Otway at the Trelawney Stud, Cambridge, New Zealand.
Touching Wood was still a maiden when he finished second to Golden Fleece in the 1982 Epsom Derby.
These air force blue colours are used by these various air forces for colour identification.
1994 - Dance Smartly Stakes - 2nd
In her first race at age four, Twilight Tear suffered respiratory tract problems and was retired to stand as a broodmare at Calumet Farm.
In each season except her first, she won at least one Grade I race.
In 1912, Agile was owned by T. Polk of San Antonio and was used as a carriage horse by the family.
An ankle injury kept her out of racing until September 2004 when the decision was made to retire her.
On 4 October 2012, Efficient's owner Lloyd Williams, announced that the horse had suffered a recurrence of an old injury and had been retired.
Champagne Fever is an Irish Thoroughbred racehorse who competes in National Hunt racing.
Titled Hero was a Canadian Thoroughbred racehorse.
In a racing career which lasted from May 1948 until 1950 he ran seventeen times and won fourteen races.
Wenona Girl was later inducted into Australian Racing Hall of Fame.
She won her first four races as a two-year-old including the Prix du Bois and the Prix Robert Papin.
On his second racecourse appearance he won the Epsom Derby defeating his more fancied stable companion, Eagle.
Distant Relative was an Irish-bred British-trained Thoroughbred racehorse and sire.
Vincentive was an American Thoroughbred racehorse from Maryland who won the 55th running of the Dwyer Stakes at Belmont Park on June 19, 1943.
He is one of only two horses to win all three races, the other being Mill Reef.
Ambitious Dragon is a New Zealand-bred, Hong Kong based Thoroughbred racehorse.
Robert the Devil was regarded by contemporary observers as one of the greatest horses of the 19th century.
He was also placed in several major races including the Prix Lupin and the Eclipse Stakes.
Where they have survived, they have almost always been significantly changed and extended by successive owners over the generations.
That same year, he won the first of three straight editions of the Durham Cup.
In the following year he recorded his biggest success when he won the Group One July Cup.
In a racing career which lasted from the autumn of 1985 until October 1986 he ran ten times and won eight races.
Redoute's Dancer is a Thoroughbred racehorse who won the New Zealand Derby in 2007.
She won several important races and was the first horse to win both the 1000 Guineas and the Irish 1000 Guineas.
In September she beat a field which included the Derby winner Straight Deal to win the St Leger Stakes over one and three quarter miles.
However, he died from decrepitude in 1965.
He made no impact as a sire of winners.
He is out of the mare Sherriff's Deputy, a daughter of Canadian Horse of the Year and two-time North American Champion sire Deputy Minister.
In the following year he won the Greenham Stakes, Prix de la Porte Maillot, Diadem Stakes and Challenge Stakes.
Overskate was a Canadian Thoroughbred Champion Hall of Fame racehorse.
In his first season of steeplechasing his wins included the Noel Novices' Chase, Wayward Lad Novices' Chase, Galloway Braes Novices' Chase and Arkle Challenge Trophy.
She initially raced under Thomas Cosby's name and was sold in 1835 to Lord Bentinck but raced under the Duke of Richmond's name.
Shamshir was a British Thoroughbred racehorse and broodmare.
Sent to compete in the Washington, D.C. International at Laurel Park in Laurel, Maryland, San San finished fourth to winner, Droll Role.
Dice was retrospectively voted co-winner with Reigh Count as the American Champion Two-Year-Old Colt for 1927, an award won by his sire Dominant in 1915.
Bred and raced by Dick Bonnycastle's Harlequin Ranches, she was out of the mare, Brassy Gold.
The Flying Dutchman was regarded by experts as one of the greatest British racehorses of the nineteenth century.
In a racing career which lasted from September 1993 until October 1995 she ran eight times and won four races.
Match retired to stand at stud in England but died after only three seasons, at age seven.
Forpadydeplasterer ran in the 2013 Grand National, ridden by Andrew McNamara, but did not complete the course.
Talma, also known as Talma II, was a French Thoroughbred racehorse and sire best known for winning the classic St Leger Stakes.
After finishing a distant twelfth in the Derby's thirteen-horse field he did not run in the Preakness and Belmont Stakes.
La Sega – In France won the Prix de Diane, Poule d'Essai des Pouliches, Prix Saint-Alary, Prix d'Ispahan, Prix de la Grotte.
On his racecourse debut in the summer of 1797 he won the Epsom Derby.
They liked the name of her dam, Helter Skelter, as well, so they used that too.
Foaled in Maryland, Concern was best known for his wins in the 1994 Breeders' Cup Classic and the grade two Arkansas Derby.
Tasso raced seven times at age two in 1985, scoring five wins with one second and one third.
She later had some success as a broodmare.
Lincoln Road was an American Thoroughbred racehorse who won the 1958 Jersey Derby as a three-year-old.
Witch Elm was a Thoroughbred racehorse owned by the William Hall Walker and trained by Jack Robinson.
He won fourteen of his forty-one races in a six-year racing career which lasted from 1981 until 1986.
He won 1,835,189,000yen($14,100,000, $1 = 130yen) during his career.
Lisa's Booby Trap won her first three races, all at Finger Lakes, under jockey Elaine Castillo.
Seeking The Gold was an American thoroughbred horse and a successful sire.
He raced only as a two-year-old, with his career being restricted to a period of less than four months between April and August 1983.
Bersan only produced a few offspring, the most successful of which was Sacket, who won the 1901 American Grand National Steeplechase.
Coretta is a Thoroughbred racemare who competed in the United States.
Zambezi Sun is a Thoroughbred racehorse who competes in France.
As a sire, his top offspring includes:
He was a leading American two-year-old in 1992, and at the end of the season was voted American Champion Two-Year-Old Colt at the Eclipse Awards.
He was also ridden on at least two occasions by John Scorse who rose to prominence as the jockey of Placid Ark.
He went on to have a modestly successful career at stud.
Classic Cliche, is a retired Thoroughbred racehorse and active sire who was bred in Ireland and trained in Britain and the United Arab Emirates.
Saratoga Springs was a Canadian-bred Thoroughbred racehorse and sire.
After his retirement from racing he had some success as breeding stallion in Japan and Australia.
In a career which lasted from 1892 until 1895 he ran twelve times and won eleven races.
Indy yearling colt, Vallenzeri, was bought back by the trust for a Keeneland-record $7.7 million.
He was the 1992 European Champion Two-Year-Old Colt and won the following year's 2,000 Guineas.
Harayir was an American-bred, British-trained Thoroughbred racehorse.
Show Gate is a Hall of Fame Champion New Zealand thoroughbred racehorse sired by Gatekeeper out of Minglow a Eulogy mare.
He is not considered to be a good sire.
She has had some influence as a broodmare.
For the second year he was voted German Horse of the Year.
After winning her only race as a two-year-old, Moonshell joined the Godolphin Racing team and spent the winter in Dubai.
King Cadmus, an 1889 bay stallion, won the 1891 Sapphire Stakes.
As a result, Surfers Paradise was an outsider, at 14/1, for his Australian reappearance in the Cox Plate.
The colt was consigned as lot 988 at the 2009 Keeneland September yearling auction, where he was purchased by George and Lori Hall for $100,000.
Mack Lobell was a brown racing trotter by Mystic Park out of Matina Hanover by Speedy Count.
Xaar was a British-bred Thoroughbred racehorse and sire, best known for his performances as a two-year-old in 1997.
His size meant increasing back problems, and he failed to participate in 1966 when Arkle won his third crown.
He is a bay Thoroughbred gelding by the outstanding sire, Encosta De Lago from World Guide by Defensive Play that was bred by Mr M.F.
He was retired to stud after an unsuccessful five-year-old season.
He won the Vandal Stakes on dirt, the Cup and Saucer Stakes on turf, and the Coronation Futurity Stakes on the new Polytrack surface.
Dance Partner, is a Japanese Thoroughbred racehorse and broodmare.
As a two-year-old in 1961, Abermaid was undeaten in three races including the New Stakes at Royal Ascot.
His dam was She's Tops, the 1992 winner of the Grade II Railbird Stakes who was a daughter of the 1986 American Champion Two-Year-Old Colt, Capote.
Coronation was a British Thoroughbred racehorse and sire.
Arwon won the 1978 Melbourne Cup, beating Dandeleith and Karu by a half neck.
On September 24, 2010, Lisa's Booby Trap entered as a 1-to-4 favorite, but finished third in a race at Finger Lakes under jockey Oscar Gomez.
Argument was a French Thoroughbred racehorse and sire.
In his early racing career he showed consistent form and was placed in several important races, but showed marked improvement in the autumn of 1980.
Gooch served as the agent who purchased Sir Barton from Madden for Louis Winans.
He was an obscurely-bred gelding owned and trained in Wales by Sirrell Griffiths, a dairy farmer who had only two other horses in his stable.
He was bred by Mary H. Caldwell and owned by Cecil N. Peacock.
He appeared to lose his form as a five-year-old and was sold cheaply at auction at the end of the season.
Captain Sweet is a Hong Kong based racehorse.
In June 1971, then owner John Fieramosca announced that Chompion would be retired to stud at his Colonial Farms beginning with the 1972 season.
He failed when returning as a four-year-old and was retired to stud, where he had limited success as a sire of winners.
He was sired by Sunday Silence covering Agnes Flora, and is therefore full-brother to Agnes Tachyon.
She also won the Epsom Oaks - having started at 33-1 - the Ormonde Stakes and Jockey Club Cup.
In a racing career which lasted from the spring of 1948 until October 1950, she ran thirteen times and won six races.
Icabad Crane is consistent, finishing in the money in 23 out of his 29 starts for his trainer H. Graham Motion.
He was retired after two unsuccessful starts in 1997.
Star Kingdom was a son of Stardust and out of the unraced mare, Impromptu by Concerto.
Peter Davies was an American-bred, British-trained Thoroughbred racehorse and sire.
The event for older thoroughbreds also included Petee Wrack, owned by John R. Macomber.
Turkhan was a British Thoroughbred racehorse and sire, who raced during World War II and was best known for winning the classic St Leger in 1940.
Ahonoora was a British Thoroughbred racehorse and sire.
Nihilator took the Jug with heat wins in 1:53 1/5 and 1:52 1/5.
He sired 108 graded stakes winners and eight champions, including Giant's Causeway, who has also become a leading sire.
Prince Leopold was bred by the Duke of York and raced as a three and four-year-old.
Zagreb was an American-bred, Irish-trained Thoroughbred racehorse and sire.
In a country were stayers are more esteemed than sprinters, Mr Tiz is well considered a champion in his class.
Nina Carberry became the fourth Carberry to ride the winner of an Irish Grand National in the past four decades.
Due to declining fertility Acatenango was retired from stud duties in 2004.
Track personnel caught her and got her to lie down, and she was immediately euthanized on the track.
Ace Admiral was retired to stud at Spendthrift Farm in Lexington, Kentucky where he sired:
Dances, singing, and cake are usually part of the celebrations that the day includes.
Mahubah was an American bred Thoroughbred racemare that was noted for producing the outstanding racehorse, Man o' War.
Stay Gold was a Japanese Thoroughbred racehorse who had his greatest success in international races.
Raced at age two, Megahertz made eight starts, compiling a record of 1-1-2.
She was a homebred owned by Ogden Mills Phipps and trained by Hall of Fame trainer "Shug" McGaughey.
He was then bought by Godolphin Racing and was trained in Britain and the United Arab Emirates by Saeed Bin Suroor.
Speciosa is an Irish-bred, British-trained Thoroughbred racehorse.
He reached his peak as a four-year-old, winning five consecutive races including the Ascot Gold Cup, Queen Alexandra Stakes and Doncaster Cup.
On September 28, 2010, owner Jess Jackson announced Rachel Alexandra's retirement.
Gamos was a British Thoroughbred racehorse that won the 1870 Epsom Oaks.
Though beaten by Zenyatta in their subsequent encounters, Life Is Sweet would go on to win the 2009 Breeders' Cup Ladies' Classic.
He was the winner of two Grade 1 jumps races, the Arkle Challenge Trophy and the Maghull Novices' Chase in 2008.
At age four at the Ivy City Racetrack in Washington, D.C., Bersan won the one and one eight mile National Hotel Handicap and Riggs Rouse Stakes.
at the time of his retirement he was the leading stakes earning pacer in harness racing history.
His arrival was greeted with interest in Britain, as he was "purely American", rather than being bred from relatively recent European exports.
She won the Matron Stakes by fourteen lengths and finished third in the Santa Ynez Stakes in her only start as a three-year-old.
She was the American Champion Three-Year-Old Filly of 1982 when her wins included the Coaching Club American Oaks and the Monmouth Oaks.
Towards the end of his racing career he was gelded.
Racing Hall of Fame inductee Dr. Fager, her dam, Northern Willow, was a daughter of breeder E. P. Taylor's great international sire, Northern Dancer.
World Guide is the dam of four named horses, but Sirmione is her only stakes-winner.
Retired to broodmare duty, she stands at Farish's Lane's End Farm in Versailles, Kentucky.
She was retired after failing to win in three starts as a four-year-old in 2000.
He was named Europe's Champion Sprinter at the 2011 Cartier Racing Awards.
His Majesty was an American Thoroughbred racehorse and Champion sire.
Additionally, he is one of only five horses to tally a Whitney-Travers double in the same year.
Doyle, Murrulla Stud in New South Wales.
Zabara was retired to stud where she proved to be an influential broodmare.
The filly won only one of her remaining seven races, and was retired from racing at the end of 1810.
Pan won another eight races over the next four seasons, running mainly in match races at Newmarket.
Acacia cuspidifolia, a plant that occurs in Western Australia
Highflyer was an undefeated Thoroughbred racehorse and a very successful and influential sire of the 18th century.
Lonhro's name is based on the stock exchange code of the London Rhodesian Mining and Land Company, LONRHO.
Master Oats was a British Thoroughbred racehorse.
In October, he became one of the few American champions to race in Europe when he contested the Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe.
She has had some success as a broodmare.
Sefton was a British Thoroughbred racehorse and sire.
Queen Mab was given to Ogle by Lord Baltimore during Ogle's trip to England in 1740.
After less than five years as a breeding stallion, Persian Heights died in 1993 at the age of eight.
She was also successful at three, winning the Falmouth Stakes.
During her racing career, she was trained by Michael Dickinson and had a modest career, consisting of two wins on Belmont turf in seven starts.
Spend A Buck was an American thoroughbred race horse.
American Post is a British-bred, French-trained Thoroughbred racehorse and sire.
He was trained in Ireland by Dessie Hughes and owned by Laurence Byrne.
He was one of the leading two-year-olds of 1947, although he did not race after winning the Gimcrack Stakes in August.
He was sired by Langfuhr, a Canadian Horse Racing Hall of Fame inductee.
Honor Code is known for his running style, in which he falls far behind the field early and closes with a rush to the wire.
Lieutenant Gibson was an American thoroughbred racehorse that was bred in Kentucky and is best remembered for winning the 1900 Kentucky Derby.
Then 11th ayah describe the required attitude of the true believers that they exhort to faith in messenger and the regarding bounties.
Petrarch, was a British Thoroughbred racehorse and sire who won two British Classic Races in 1876.
Even Stevens was a Thoroughbred racehorse that won both the Caulfield and Melbourne cups in Australia in 1962.
Jalil was purchased in 2005 as a yearling for US$9.7 million.
His performances in 2005 earned him the Hong Kong Champion Miler title.
After winning the San Felipe Stakes and Santa Anita Derby, California Chrome was the morning line favorite for the Kentucky Derby.
Nimbus was owned and raced by leading French horseman Alexandre Aumont of Haras de Victot in Victot-Pontfol, Calvados.
In 1991, aged five, The Phantom broke down and spent two-and-half years off the scene.
She raced only twice, with her only win coming in the 1782 St. Leger Stakes.
She then defeated a field of males in winning the Queen's Plate.
With the award controversially given to Darci Brahma after a majority voted for Wahid, the issue remains a source of intense debate.
Caro was an Irish-bred, French-trained Thoroughbred racehorse.
The style of the win was "absolutely unforgettable".
Is It True was an American Thoroughbred racehorse.
The Pamplemousse is an American Thoroughbred racehorse.
In a career that lasted from April 1819 to July 1820 he ran thirteen times, all but two of them at Newmarket and won eleven races.
Following his purchase by Sidney Port, Ballingarry notably won back-to-back editions of the Stars and Stripes Breeders' Cup Turf Handicap at Chicago's Arlington Park.
On his topline, Double Jay's grandsire was Black Toney.
The track was rated as heavy, and the race was at a distance of  1 5⁄8 miles) on June 5.
As a result, he had an 8th and a 7th in his formline that did no justice to the horse's performances.
A descendant of Star de Naskra, he was sired by Horatius and bred by Country Life Farm.
Minoru was an Irish-bred, British-trained Thoroughbred racehorse who won two British Classic Races.
He made his next start at the same track on January 16, 2010 in the 7 furlong Pasco Stakes.
Hermit, sometimes known, incorrectly as "The Hermit", was a 19th-century British Thoroughbred racehorse and sire.
Sagamix was a French Thoroughbred racehorse best known for winning the 1998 Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe.
After two wins in early 2014, he underwent surgery for colic in mid-May and was out for over two months for recovery.
Bed o' Roses was an American thoroughbred racehorse.
In May 2006, A Bit O'Gold was retired to Kingfield Farms in Maple, Ontario.
Toast of New York is an American-bred, British-trained Thoroughbred racehorse.
She was retired to stud after one further race and had some success as a broodmare.
In a career which lasted from June 1992 until September 1994, he ran fifteen times and won five races.
He died in Turkey in 2005 at the age of nineteen.
He suffered his only defeat in the Belmont Stakes, and was later named the champion three-year-old colt of 2008.
In 1998, he was voted into the National Museum of Racing and Hall of Fame.
As a three-year-old in 1980 he finished second in the Epsom Derby and won the Group One Benson and Hedges Gold Cup.
His offspring met with limited success in racing.
Candy Stripes is best known as the sire of 2007 American Horse of the Year, Invasor, and the 2005 American Champion Male Turf Horse, Leroidesanimaux.
Able One is a New Zealand-bred Hong Kong based Thoroughbred racehorse.
She died in August 1992 after an adverse reaction to a routine "vitamin shot".
Pastille was a British Thoroughbred racehorse and broodmare who won two British Classic Races.
Zoffany was first sent to be trained in Britain by Guy Harwood where he won three times from nine starts in 1982 and 1983.
He finished fourth in the Derby and then dead-heated in the Eclipse Stakes.
In his final year he was named European Champion Sprinter at the Cartier Racing Awards.
Harlem Rocker is a Grade I winning Canadian thoroughbred racehorse.
Bred by Harry Payne Whitney, he was purchased as a yearling by Gladys Mills Phipps who raced him under her Wheatley Stable banner.
After his retirement from racing he does not appear to have been used as a breeding stallion.
The two met again in the Group I Stoneybridge Stakes, with Seachange and Darci Brahma battling neck and neck down the straight.
He is owned by Mrs John Magnier, Michael Tabor and Derrick Smith and is trained by Aidan O'Brien.
   top 20 ,state regional dancers 2016
He entered stud in 1989 and was later sold to a breeding farm in Japan in 1994.
Little Wolf was a British Thoroughbred racehorse and sire.
As a three-year-old he won the Prince of Wales's Stakes and St. James's Palace Stakes at Royal Ascot.
His son Young Wizard won the Riddlesworth Stakes and was the runner-up in the Derby in 1817.
As a two-year-old in 1975 she showed promise when winning her only race of the season.
He was trained at Kingsclere by John Porter for the 1st Duke of Westminster.
After a change of stable she made two appearances in the following year, producing the better of her efforts when finishing second in the Ribblesdale Stakes.
Count Pahlen was a British Thoroughbred racehorse and sire.
Ouija Board is a British Thoroughbred racehorse owned by Edward Stanley, 19th Earl of Derby and trained by Ed Dunlop.
Sigy was a French Thoroughbred racehorse and broodmare.
Colorado was a British Thoroughbred racehorse and sire.
She has made some impact as a broodmare in Japan.
Star Appeal was an Irish-bred Thoroughbred who became the first German-trained racehorse ever to win the Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe.
His first horse to race is Rapid Redux, the winner of the Eclipse Special Award for 2011.
Monksfield was an Irish-trained National Hunt racehorse who won the Champion Hurdle in 1978 and 1979.
Desert War’s dam was High Heels who is the dam of nine named horses, but Desert War is her only stakes winner.
The offensive was considered a pre-eminent means of producing victory, although with the recognition of a defensive phase at some stage of the execution.
For the magical item in the Harry Potter stories, see Pensieve.
Sire of Alexis Federovna-(GB), Cousin Joe(USA), Draught Breaker, Flammarion,Madame Steinlen(GB), Miss Union Avenue, Top Of Your Game, & Sainte Adresse(USA).
He was retired to stud where he had some success as a breeding stallion.
High Time was a chestnut thoroughbred born at the Wickliffe Stud in Kentucky.
When taking on older horses for the first time in the Yorkshire Oaks, she finished second to Midday.
Conveyance has had five starts prior to April 2010.
In 2010 he won the Hong Kong Vase.
Piccolo is a British Thoroughbred racehorse and sire.
Believing she was barren, he sold her to Milton Young.
Bred in Virginia, she raced in Maryland as a juvenile, winning one minor race from two starts.
Old England was an American Thoroughbred racehorse is best known for winning the 1902 Preakness Stakes.
In 1991, Itsallgreektome equaled the Keeneland Race Course record for nine furlongs on grass with a winning time of 1:48.42.
Caractacus was a breeding stallion in Britain from 1862 until 1873, when he was exported to Russia where he died in 1878.
He was made early favorite for the Kentucky Derby, but a stress injury revealed a fractured cannon bone.
During a racing career which lasted from June 2002 until May 2004 she ran ten times and won seven races.
After showing good form as a two-year-old in 1983 she won the 1000 Guineas as a three-year-old.
In a racing career which lasted from 1934 through 1936, he ran twenty-two times and won nine races.
In a racing career that lasted from June 1984 to July 1986 he ran twelve times and won four races.
In the following year he recorded his most important success when winning the Epsom Derby.
His dam was Dog Blessed, a daughter of Bull Dog, the 1943 Leading sire in North America.
He was trained by the late Gordon W. Richards and owned by John Hales.
He was a possible contender for the Triple Crown in 2006.
Prior to the Travers, his only other win had been a maiden race at Churchill Downs as a two-year-old.
In a career which lasted from July 2005 to June 2007 he ran ten times and won five races.
Falsetto was an American Thoroughbred Champion racehorse and outstanding sire.
Gustavus was the first grey horse to win the Epsom Derby.
Ksar was a French Thoroughbred racehorse who had back-to-back wins in France's most prestigious horse race, the Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe.
Joe Allen purchased Desert God from the University of Arizona.
Sportswriter Steve Haskin, who followed the horse's career for The Blood-Horse, stated that the saga "provided enough uplifting human interest stories to fill a book".
After he had retired from racing, he became a successful sire and was Champion sire of Great Britain in 1899.
The filly was killed after falling in the Oaks Stakes, her only other race.
He finished second to his stable companion Golden Horn in both the Dante Stakes and the Epsom Derby before winning the Irish Derby by five lengths.
Refuse To Bend was Thoroughbred racehorse and sire.
Silviniaco Conti is a French-bred, British-trained Selle Francais racehorse who competed in National Hunt races.
She was euthanized in February 2010 because of complications following a paddock accident.
Windy City was a British-bred Irish-trained Thoroughbred racehorse and sire.
Until T M Opera O surpassed him in 2000, Narita Brian was the world's top money earner.
He was the 2007 winner of the Caulfield Cup when ridden by Vlad Duric.
Taj Rossi was a champion Australian Thoroughbred racehorse.
Souverain was a French Thoroughbred racehorse and sire.
Rags to Riches is an American thoroughbred racehorse who in 2007 became the first filly to win the Belmont Stakes in over a century.
Subsequently retired to stud, he was the sire of Kentucky Derby winner Giacomo and champion two-year-old Macho Uno.
His stud fee in 2007 was $60,000 for a live foal and he covered 132 mares in his last season.
Nellie L. - won 1943 Kentucky Oaks, Acorn Stakes
In a career that lasted from July 1830 to early 1833 he ran eighteen times and won nine races.
Pay the Butler was an American Thoroughbred racehorse best known for winning the 1988 Japan Cup.
Now 100 yds to go and Vulcan's Forge came up to the neck of Donor who digs in and refuses to yield.
Despite her best efforts, she was beaten by less than a length by Legs and Kerry O'Reilly.
Among his progeny, Falsetto was the sire of:
As a two-year-old she showed very promising form, winning two of her three races including the Fillies' Mile.
The young colt was described as an "ugly cripple that no one thought could run until Burlew proved them wrong."
She was then retired from racing and became a successful and influential broodmare.
Decathlon was an American Thoroughbred racehorse who was voted the U.S. Champion Sprint Horse in 1956 and 1957.
She made little impact as a broodmare and died in 1841.
He stood as a breeding stallion in Ireland, England, Australia, New Zealand, Italy and South Africa with limited success.
Scorpion is an Irish Thoroughbred racehorse and sire.
When switched to compete in steeplechases he showed immediate improvement and won thirteen of his first fourteen races over fences.
Saoirse is a Canadian Champion Thoroughbred racehorse.
He competed until he was seven, when after losing two races he was retired to stud.
Tokai Teio was a Japanese thoroughbred racehorse, sired by Symboli Rudolf, a son of Partholon, out of Tokai Natural, a daughter of Nice Dancer.
Seabiscuit was a champion Thoroughbred racehorse in the United States.
Retired to stud duty at his owner's breeding farm, Eight Thirty proved to be a successful Stallion.
Carrying a weight of 57kg he won by a length from the Australian horse Reckless with Hyperno in third.
In 1959 he was Australian Horse of the Year.
In a racing career which lasted from April 1825 until April 1826 she ran eight times and won three races.
Malicious was a Thoroughbred race horse sired by the winner of the 1917 Kentucky Derby, Omar Khayyam, out of Ridicule.
Milkmaid was an American two-time Champion Thoroughbred racehorse.
Racing Hall of Fame inductee and two-time Leading sire in North America, A.P.
Damascus himself ranks number 16 in the Blood Horse listing.
Peter Pan was a chestnut Australian Thoroughbred racehorse and stallion.
She was the leading American filly of her generation at two and three years of age.
Dayjur was an American-bred, British-trained Thoroughbred racehorse.
As of September 25, 2009 he had sired twenty-three race winners.
After giving birth to Shackleford, Oatsee was bred to A.P.
Nashoba's Key stalked the pace-setting Citronnade until the top of the stretch, where the pair dueled and Nashoba's Key pulled ahead by 3/4 of a length.
In the following year she was narrowly beaten in the 1000 Guineas before winning the Irish 1000 Guineas, Coronation Stakes and Child Stakes.
Kindergarten was a New Zealand bred Thoroughbred racehorse that raced during the early 1940s.
She ran poorly in her two remaining races and was retired to stud at the end of the season.
Oxbow's second-place finish in the Belmont Stakes in June made him the third horse that year to reach $1 million in purse wins.
Detroit City was a thoroughbred racehorse, most famous as a two mile hurdler.
Owned and bred by Kinghaven Farms, the colt began racing in the United States, winning two Graded stakes races at the Keeneland Race Course in Kentucky.
He later won the first two runnings of the Lockinge Stakes before being retired to stud where he had some success as a sire of winners.
Racing at age two, he won four of his six starts.
Chompion was an American Thoroughbred racehorse bred and raced by C. V. "Sonny" Whitney and trained by Ivor Balding.
Triple Crown winner and Hall of Fame inductee Whirlaway.
After Hastings' death in 1929, he was trained by former jockey Ivor Anthony.
The performances of these horses led to her becoming one of the most important broodmares of the 20th century.
Tugela was also the dam of the Australian stakes-winners, Musket and Valkyrie Diva.
Salvator was an American thoroughbred race horse considered by many to be one of the best racers during the latter half of the 19th century.
Lost in the Fog was an American thoroughbred race horse.
Darsi is a French Thoroughbred racehorse and sire best known for winning the 2006 Prix du Jockey Club.
Milwaukee Brew is an American Thoroughbred racehorse best known as one of only three horses to win back-to-back runnings of the Santa Anita Handicap.
He was named European Champion Two Year Old at the Cartier Racing Awards and was officially rated the best two-year-old of 1996 by the International Classification.
Before his death at age 19 in 1829, he sired the filly Gulnare and the colt Jerry.
Redoute's Dancer was retired to stud at Touchstone Farm in Western Australia.
He ran poorly in the Derby and his racing career was subsequently ended by injury.
As a two-year-old, Happy Laughter won five races but was badly affected by sinus problems which were only rectified by surgery in the winter of 1952/1953.
He showed promising form as a two-year-old in 1986, winning three of his four races including the Lanson Champagne Stakes and the Champagne Stakes.
In 2005 he made only two appearances but recorded his most important victory when winning the Group One July Cup at Newmarket Racecourse.
A narrow defeat in the St. Leger Stakes prevented him from being recognised as the first winner of the English Triple Crown.
Emperor of Norfolk was a champion American Thoroughbred racehorse.
In 1979 he won the German Triple Crown and is the first horse that ever won all the races necessary for this crown.
Like many French-bred horses, he carried the numerical suffix "II" when racing in Britain.
In his native country, he won many important jumping races, particularly two-milers, including the Hiskens Steeplechase in 1969 and 1970.
In the following year he won on his debut but finished third to Nonoalco in the 2000 Guineas and never raced again.
She finished third on her only appearance as a four-year-old and was retired in September 2014 to Stonestreet Farm.
Also, his family is known for winning Tenno Sho for three consecutive generations including Mejiro Asama, Mejira Titan.
He is owned by Michael Buckley, trained by Nicky Henderson and has been ridden by Barry Geraghty in all but one of his races.
The plate is presented to the winner of the Dixie Stakes run at "Old Hilltop" since 1870.
Soaring Free is a retired Canadian Champion Thoroughbred racehorse.
Recapturetheglory is owned by Louisianans Louie Roussel III and Ronald Lamarque, who also owned Risen Star, winner of the 1988 Preakness Stakes and Belmont Stakes.
Got Koko went on to finish third to winner Adoration in the Breeders' Cup Distaff.
Wild Rush - millionaire multiple Grade I winner
He was retired from racing and died in 2017 at the age of 20.
He died of lymphoma during his four-year-old season and his remains were buried at Golden Gate Fields next to Silky Sullivan.
Bold Reasoning was an American thoroughbred racehorse.
Muscle Hill is a trotting stallion, out of super sire Muscles Yankee, who won a Breeders Crown race in 2008 and 2009.
Lashkari is a British-bred Thoroughbred racehorse, best known for winning the inaugural running of the Breeders' Cup Turf in 1984.
He was retired to stand as a breeding stallion in Ireland, where he had limited success as a sire of winners.
Unbridled was a Champion American Thoroughbred racehorse.
Larkspur was an Irish Thoroughbred racehorse and sire who won the Epsom Derby 1962.
Kincsem was the most successful Thoroughbred race horse ever, having won 54 races for 54 starts.
Sandpit was a Brazilian Champion Thoroughbred racehorse that also met with considerable success racing in the United States.
In a thirty-seven-race career that spanned eight years, Earth Summit fell only once, when in the lead, jumping the second last fence at Cheltenham in 1995.
This total is the equivalent to almost 15 million dollars in 2015.
In addition to her Sovereign Award, she was named the CTHS Manitoba-bred Horse of the Year.
Golden Missile is a multi-millionaire American Thoroughbred racehorse and successful sire.
She produced her best form as a four-year-old when she won four times, including three important races at Newmarket Racecourse.
Time Supply was retired after running 4 races without winning as a 7 year old.
She was retired to stud at the end of the season and had some influence as a broodmare.
Dubai Destination is a retired American-bred Thoroughbred racehorse and active sire.
His sire, Cat Dreams, is a son of the influential stallion Storm Cat.
With a rating of 111, Allied Powers began his five-year-old campaign in 2010 with the Group 3 John Porter Stakes at Newbury Racecourse.
In a career which lasted from January 1960 through November 1963, he ran sixty-one times and won twenty-one races.
Airmans Guide is an American Thoroughbred racehorse.
Orby was an Anglo-Irish Thoroughbred racehorse and sire.
Jambalaya is a Canadian Thoroughbred gelding racehorse.
He is currently an active sire in India.
Acatenango's most important win that year came in the Deutsches Derby, the equivalent of the United Kingdom's Epsom Derby and America's Kentucky Derby.
Donovan was a British Thoroughbred racehorse and sire.
Hayes called him the best horse he ever raced.
Bred by Canada's most prominent horseman, E. P. Taylor, he was out of the mare Tabola, a daughter of U.S.
Cawston's Pride was a British Thoroughbred racehorse and broodmare.
Undefeated in sixteen races, he won over all distances, from 5 furlongs to 1m 7f in three countries and on all types of track conditions.
In his championship season he won all five of his races including the Group One Dewhurst Stakes and three other Group races.
Since retiring from the racecourse she has had some success as a dam of winners.
As a two-year-old in 2011 she was beaten in her first four races before recording her first success in a minor race at Wolverhampton Racecourse.
Racing Hall of Fame inductee Wyndham Walden at his Bowling Brook Stud in Middleburg, Maryland.
noted Devil's Thumb, and in April 1943, of the colt Twoses.
As a four year old in 1989-90 Westburn Grant won the Miracle Mile Pace beating Thorate and Jodie’s Babe after an early speed battle with Thorate.
Kingston Rule was an American-bred racehorse who raced in Australia, where he won the 1990 Melbourne Cup in a record time of 3:16:3.
In his first season over fences he won two races including the Drinmore Novice Chase and finished second in three other major novice events.
In doing so, she became the first horse since 1976, male or female, to win Grade 1 stakes races at age 2, 3, 4, and 5.
She produced only one foal before dying at the age of seven in 2007.
She was sold for over £2 million at the end of her racing career and became a broodmare in the ownership of Sheikh Mohammed.
A month later Allied Powers returned to France to easily win the Group 2 Grand Prix de Chantilly, ridden again by Mendizabal.
Unusually for a 19th-century racehorse, he was regularly campaigned internationally, winning three consecutive runnings of the Grand Prix de Deauville.
Racing Hall of Fame inductee, Round Table.
His sire is Pulpit, a son of the 1992 Eclipse Award Winner for American Horse of the Year, A.P.
2014 La Figlia : Chesnut filly, foaled 25 March, by Frankel - unraced to date 10/05/16
His dam was Whisper whose sire Laugh Aloud was a son of U.S.
He also finished second in the Bula Hurdle, the Fighting Fifth Hurdle and the Aintree Hurdle.
Plagued with fertility problems, Amiable was a failure as a broodmare and produced only one foal that survived to adulthood.
She was bred in Virginia, was sold for a world record price for a foal and sent to race in Europe.
Bertrando is a direct sire-line descendant of Man o' War through his son War Relic.
After winning three of his seven races in the United Kingdom he was sent to California in December 2013 and won the Grade I Hollywood Derby.
Eastern Fleet was an American Thoroughbred racehorse foaled on May 14, 1968.
He made his second start in early September at Belmont Park, scoring another win in a six furlong allowance race.
He was retired to stud at the end of 2005 and has had some success as a sire of winners.
Canadian Champ was ridden by jockeys David Stevenson and Eugene Rodriguez.
But Commentator dug in, beating Saint Liam to the finish wire.
Makybe Diva is a British-bred, Australian-trained Thoroughbred racehorse who became the first horse to win the Melbourne Cup on three occasions.
He died at the Hagyard Equine Medical Center in Lexington, Kentucky in 2011.
Natchez was an American Thoroughbred racehorse who set two track records and equaled another.
Phar Lap dominated Australian racing during a distinguished career, winning a Melbourne Cup, two Cox Plates, an AJC Derby, and 19 other weight for age races.
Although his three-year-old campaign was restricted by injury, Deputy Minister rebounded at age four with several major wins.
Isinglass was a British Thoroughbred racehorse and sire.
The horse was trained by Bob Baffert, and was retired in 2015.
At the end of the season he was one of the highest-ranked racehorses in the world over one mile.
Lake Coniston was an Irish-bred, British-trained Thoroughbred racehorse and sire.
Polynesian was an American Thoroughbred racehorse and sire.
Westburn Grant was an Australian champion Standardbred race horse notable for being a three time Australian Harness Horse of the Year.
True North was an American Thoroughbred racehorse.
His most important win came in the 1916 Belmont Stakes.
He was officially rated the second-best two-year-old in Britain in 1946 when he won the New Stakes, Richmond Stakes, Gimcrack Stakes and Champagne Stakes.
Ferdinand was a Thoroughbred racehorse that won the 1986 Kentucky Derby and 1987 Breeders' Cup Classic.
Racing Hall of Fame inductee Round Table.
Regal Gleam was an American Thoroughbred racehorse who was voted 1966 American Champion Two-Year-Old Filly honors.
He won several important races in 1937, when he was voted American Champion Two-Year-Old Male Horse.
He won only one race as a three-year-old but was placed in several major sprints.
Donovan was a modest success as a stallion.
In the season of 2008–09, Collection won the Mercedes-Benz Hong Kong Derby on 22 March.
She was retired from racing after being beaten in the Coronation Stakes at Royal Ascot and the Nassau Stakes at Goodwood.
Intello is a German-bred, French-trained Thoroughbred racehorse.
The offensives conducted with use of fighter aircraft are predominantly concerned with establishing air superiority in a given air space, or over a given territory.
Bred by Skara Glen Stables, he was sold as a yearling to Racing Partners Smith/Magnier/Tabor, who turned over his training to Aidan O'Brien.
For the French racehorse of the same name, see Ajax, for the football club, see Jong Ajax
He is owned by Robert V. LaPenta, and trained by Nick Zito.
Fort Wood is a son of the British champion sire, Sadler's Wells.
He started his racing career as a Flat horse in Ireland and was trained by Dermot Weld and made his race course debut in April 1997.
They announced that the stallion would be pensioned after the 2009 breeding season.
Oscar Whisky was an Irish-bred, British-trained Thoroughbred racehorse who competed in National Hunt racing.
She was retired from racing to become a broodmare in the United States and had considerable success as a dam of winners.
She was a gigantic chestnut, only just fitting into the barrier stalls in Melbourne.
I owe him plenty as he was the horse who enabled me to rub shoulders with the big boys shortly after I started out.
Only Royale won a second Yorkshire Oaks in 1994 and the Jockey Club Stakes as a six-year-old in 1995.
Late in his two-year-old season, he was very hard to handle, so his owners had him gelded.
On May 28, 2012, he won the Berkeley Handicap when the first over the line, Positive Response, was disqualified.
He was awarded New Zealand Horse of the Year for the 2010/11 season.
He won five of his seven races, including the Port Stakes in 1825, but his appearances were limited by leg problems.
Wild Wonder - multiple stakes winner, set new Track Record while winning the 1998 Longacres Mile Handicap
He was bred and raced by C. V. Whitney, a member of New York City's prominent Vanderbilt family.
She failed to win as a four-year-old and sustained a fatal injury in the Geoffrey Freer Stakes in August.
He was out of a Bull Lea mare, Amoret.
In a career which lasted from October 1990 until October 1992, he ran eleven times and won four races.
A turf specialist, he won six Sovereign Awards and was voted American Champion Male Turf Horse for 1997.
Subotica is a French Thoroughbred racehorse best known or winning the Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe in 1992.
He was purchased by Sheikh Mohammed bin Khalifa Al Maktoum and brought to race at Nad Al Sheba racecourse in his new owner's native Dubai.
Stylish Century was a notable Australian thoroughbred racehorse.
He was retired in July 2017 having won six of his twenty-seven races and earning over £800,000 in prize money.
In the following season he won the Betfair Hurdle but finished unplaced in the Champion Hurdle.
Amphion was trained by Mr. Chandler and owned by General Byrne.
After winning both his races in France he was transferred to Ireland where he won two novice hurdles.
Briseis foaled in 1873, was a brown Australian Thoroughbred filly that is regarded as one of the greatest mares ever foaled in Australia.
Star Standard was best known for his win in the grade one Pimlico Special and his runner-up finish in the grade one Belmont Stakes.
A turf specialist, he is a Grade 1 winner and has won the Bunty Lawless Stakes on three occasions.
Golden Act was an American Thoroughbred racehorse.
In a career that lasted from July 1847 to October 1849 he ran thirteen times and won nine races.
In a career which lasted from 1965 until 1967 he ran ten times and won seven reces.
He is best known for winning the Breeders' Cup Juvenile Sprint in 2012.
He was the first of six Derby winners trained by Vincent O’Brien at Ballydoyle.
In 1999, she won the Breeders' Cup Juvenile Fillies and finished second in Eclipse Award balloting to Chilukki.
At that November's Fasig-Tipton sale, Darley Stud purchased Round Pond for $5.75 million.
The popular story that Moifaa survived a shipwreck before winning the Grand National is not true.
She was retired after a single unsuccessful run in 1830.
In the season of 2007-2008, Good Ba Ba had five consecutive wins in Hong Kong G1 and G2 races.
Persian Punch also travelled to Australia on two occasions, and finished third in the 1998 and 2001 Melbourne Cups.
In a ten-year racing career he ran fifty-seven times and won twenty-five races.
Protectionist is a Thoroughbred racehorse bred and trained in Germany.
He later became a champion racehorse with many international successes.
Dancing Maid was a French Thoroughbred racehorse and broodmare.
His dam, Rowdy Angel, was a daughter of two-time North American Champion sire Halo.
Fly So Free was not entered in the Preakness Stakes or the Belmont Stakes but won the Riva Ridge and Jim Dandy Stakes.
Spectacular Bid was an American Thoroughbred race horse.
Point Determined was a thoroughbred race horse born in Maryland on March 6, 2003.
Quiet American is an American thoroughbred racehorse foaled in Florida.
Bosra Sham is a retired Thoroughbred racehorse, bred in the United States and trained in the United Kingdom.
That same year he was named the country's top grass equine by being voted 1979 American Champion Male Turf Horse honors.
He was not a champion, but won many important races and defeated many of the best racehorses of his era including Exceller and John Henry.
She was named European Champion Two-year-old Filly at the Cartier Racing Awards, and was the highest rated two-year-old filly in the International Classification.
Jaazeiro was an American-bred Thoroughbred racehorse and sire.
An estate properly so-called should comprise several farms, and is not well used to describe a single farm.
Pour Moi is an Irish-bred and French-trained thoroughbred racehorse and sire.
Roi Dagobert was a Thoroughbred racehorse, by Sicambre out of Dame d'Atour.
He won the Prix du Président de la République on his only appearance in 1928 and was then retired to stud.
At the time he was often labelled as the 'horse of the century'.
In 1913, Southern Maid was the dominant filly in racing, both in Canada and the United States.
Olden Times was an American Thoroughbred racehorse.
Toulon, was a Thoroughbred racehorse and sire who was bred in Britain and trained in France.
His 2016 season was badly disrupted by injury and he ran only twice, failing to complete his first start and being beaten on his eventual reappearance.
Trained by Dan Hendricks, Brother Derek began racing at age two in California.
Triple Crown series, he finished second in the Preakness Stakes and third in the Belmont Stakes.
Her subsequent racing career was disappointing and she was a complete failure as a broodmare.
He was a son of Sundridge, the 1911 Champion sire in Great Britain who also sired Epsom Derby winner Sunstar.
In the following spring she won the Classic 1000 Guineas at the same course.
Although he lost to Dr. Fager on two occasions when stretching beyond his preferred six furlong distance, he was a dominant force at sprint race distances.
Elated was a good racemare that won 10 races, including eight in Melbourne.
Awesome Feather was sired by Awesome Of Course, her dam is Precious Feather.
Droll Role was an American Thoroughbred racehorse.
He was retired in October 2008 after running in the Breeders' Cup Classic.
She was retired to broodmare duty having earned in excess of $1 million.
Retired to stud duty, Bold Reason was the leading broodmare sire in Great Britain & Ireland in 1984.
After that he won five of his next seven - including the Group 1 Derby and three Group 2 races.
Baghdad Note was a New Zealand Thoroughbred racehorse, who won the 1970 Melbourne Cup and was ridden by Midge Didham.
Kribensis was an Irish thoroughbred racehorse, born to sire, Henbit and dam, Aquaria.
Jack Horner was a British Thoroughbred race horse who won the 1926 Grand National.
The Huntsman was to stand for his portrait by M. G. Parquet and then to be put to stud at Abbeville.
Honor Code is a Thoroughbred racehorse bred in Kentucky, USA.
He reached his peak as a five-year-old when he won six races including the Prix des Sablons in France and the Coronation Cup in Britain.
He began the 1999–00 season in the Grade 1 James Nicholson Wine Merchant Champion Chase, which he won from Doran's Pride by 2½ lengths.
In the same year he was voted American Champion Sprint Horse at the Eclipse Awards.
The colt was rejected by his prospective owner as a yearling and failed to win as a two-year-old in 1948.
Smart Strike was a Canadian Thoroughbred racehorse.
Oxbow had a reputation as a front-runner who was difficult to rate during his races.
She suffered training problems in the early part of the following year and was retired without racing again.
He showed great promise as a two-year-old in 1999, winning a maiden race on his debut and then taking the Group One Racing Post Trophy.
He won the latter race after an eight-month absence from the racecourse.
In a career that lasted from April 1823 to October 1824 he ran ten times and won seven races, including a walkover.
His breeder, Lord Egremont, won the Derby for the first time with Assassin.
Awesome Gem tends to stand out as a smaller and slimmer horse then many of his competitors.
Instead the horse's owner and trainer, Joe Janiak, was fined 200,000 Hong Kong Dollars by stewards.
He was also noted for his rivalry with the Derby winner Coronach whom he defeated on three of their four meetings.
Take Control was the son of two Horses of the Year: A.P.
Go For Wand was leading by a head at the sixteenth pole when she suffered an open fracture to her right cannon bone.
Cozzene was euthanized on October 7, 2008 at Gainesway Farm in Kentucky.
Trained by Larry Jennings, a few months after his big wins in Florida, Launch a Pegasus's owners sent the horse to race in California.
Adelaide foaled 19 February 2011 is an Irish thoroughbred racehorse.
Peter Simple was a 9/1 shot in his 1853 victory at Aintree and was trained by Tom Olliver who was also the jockey.
Bold 'n Determined, was an American Thoroughbred race horse
Akiyda never ran after her win in the Arc: she was retired to stud where she had limited impact a broodmare.
Election raced until he was seven years old and was bought by the Prince Regent after his racing career.
In the September 1st Forego Stakes at 7 furlongs, he finished fourth.
Terimon was a British Thoroughbred racehorse and sire.
Retired to broodmare duty, Estrapade produced two winners from six starters, including stakes race winner, Rice.
Contemporary sources usually printed the horse's name as Zoè.
She is buried at the Old Friends Cemetery on Alfred Nuckols, Jr.'s Hurstland Farm with a plaque that outlines her accomplishments.
Victoire Pisa is a retired Japanese Thoroughbred racehorse and active sire.
Jockey Joseph Talamo said, "She was on the worst part of the turf the whole way around there.
At three, Twilight Tear won fourteen out of seventeen races including eleven straight, beating both fillies and colts.
Purchased by trainer Kevin Prendergast, he was named "Qualtron."
Her dam is Rings A Chime, a daughter of Metfield who was a son of the 1977 U.S.
Pont l’Eveque was a British Thoroughbred racehorse.
She had some success as a broodmare.
As of 2011, he is the last horse to break the 130 Beyer Speed Figure, accomplishing that milestone in his first two starts of 1987.
Countess Diana was an American Thoroughbred racehorse and broodmare.
With both the wide draw and the 58 kg she carried, she only managed to finish 6th.
He finished badly in the 2011 Breeders Cup Classics.
Jack Hobbs is a British Thoroughbred racehorse.
As a three-year-old, he won the Belmont Stakes, denying Real Quiet the Triple Crown.
His dam, Selene, was by Chaucer, a talented son of the undefeated St. Simon.
Her dam, Sheepsfoot, was a daughter of the 1943 U.S.
Jimmy Choux started second favourite in the 2011 Cox Plate.
He was originally trained in Britain, where he won three handicap races and the King Edward VII Stakes as a three-year-old in 2010.
Rowena was a British Thoroughbred racehorse and broodmare that won the classic 1000 Guineas at Newmarket in 1820.
Brian Boru, is a retired Thoroughbred racehorse and active sire who was bred in the Britain but trained in Ireland.
Before arriving in Hong Kong, Akeed Mofeed finished 4th in the Irish Derby 2012 and thereafter won a listed race, the Platinum Stakes.
Reverence is a British champion Thoroughbred racehorse.
Among his other victories in 1986, Golden Choice won the Niagara Breeders' Cup Stakes.
Emmson was an Irish-bred British-trained Thoroughbred racehorse and sire.
Savabeel started on 14 occasions, winning 3 and placing on 4 occasions.
In a career which lasted from June 2003 until September 2004, he ran nine times and won four races.
The track was particularly dry and the dust, up to 5 inches thick, Fonso kicked up obscured the path for the other contenders.
Retired to stud duty, since 2005 Ballingarry has been standing at Charles-Henri de Moussac's Haras du Mezeray in Ticheville, Lower Normandy, France.
Eremein was by Timber Country from Marrego by Marscay.
Buckpasser was an American-bred Thoroughbred racehorse that won 9 of his 11 race starts for international record winnings for a two-year-old of $586,090.
He had his greatest success in the 1991/1992 season when he won the Arlington Premier Chase, Queen Mother Champion Chase and Melling Chase.
In a career that lasted from May to September 1891 he ran five times and won four races.
He was named the 2014 and 2016 American Horse of the Year.
[1] His performances in 2004 earned him the Sovereign Award as Canada's Champion Older Male Horse.
Dave O'Sullivan, one of the most successful trainers in New Zealand racing history, labelled Mr Tiz "the greatest racehorse I've ever trained".
She was one of the leading two-year-old fillies of 1984 when she as unbeaten in three races including the Fillies' Mile.
Jungle Pocket is a Japanese Thoroughbred racehorse and sire.
Frisk Me Now is the sire of Truly Frisky, Puerto Rico's 2007 Champion Imported Horse.
In 1976, Gold and Black won the Mackinnon Stakes and finished second to Van der Hum in the Melbourne Cup.
Parth was a British-trained Thoroughbred racehorse best known for winning the 1923 Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe.
She retired after winning three of her nine races and had some success as a broodmare.
He was sired by 1990 Kentucky Derby winner Unbridled out of the Caro mare Trolley Song.
Her dam was That's That, and her sire was the 1927 American Horse of the Year and two-time Leading sire in North America, Chance Play.
Waterloo was British Thoroughbred racehorse and broodmare best known for winning the classic 1000 Guineas in 1972.
She was retired from racing in September 2006.
But he proved his stamina, to win the Derby by two lengths.
Because of the time required to bring a garment onto the market, designers must at times anticipate changes to consumer tastes.
In a career that lasted from 1894 to 1896 he ran thirteen times and won three races.
D' Funnybone is sired by the Swale Stakes winner D'Wildcat and is out of the Woodman mare Elbow.
She was later transferred to the United States, where she failed to win in three races before dying in 1981 at the age of four.
American Lion is sired by Horse of the Year, Tiznow, who is the only horse to date to win the Breeders' Cup Classic twice.
He was pulled to the outside to make a run and in the closing stages Efficient went on to defeat Purple Moon by half a length.
She ran poorly in the St Leger in autumn and was retired to stud after sustaining an injury early in 2012.
Coronation later had moderate success as a stallion before he was exported to Russia.
She was retired to stud, where she had some impact, being the grand-dam of Ralph, the winner 2000 Guineas and the Ascot Gold Cup.
In 1863 he won all seven of his races including the 2000 Guineas at Newmarket, the Epsom Derby and the Doncaster Cup.
He was retired from racing later in the same year and stood as a stallion in Ireland and Japan.
They were sons of Edith Woodward Bancroft, who owned Highland Blade's sire, U.S.
He was retired to stud following his St Leger victory.
She entrusted her conditioning to trainer Mel Stute.
He was a leading broodmare sire in 1983, 1984, and 1989.
One Man received a Timeform rating of 179, an outstanding figure.
As a claimer, she could be bought by a trainer right out of the race.
He was British Champion sire in 1797 and his progeny included St Leger Stakes winner Hambletonian, who was only defeated once in his 19 race career.
He was retired from racing in May 2017 having won 9 of his 20 races and earned nearly £5,000,000 in win and place prize money.
She won eighteen of her thirty-seven starts and was voted the 1986 Sovereign Award for Champion Older Female Horse.
Shogun Lodge was an Australian Thoroughbred racehorse who won three Group One races, and had each of his 58 starts in Group races.
For the season he started 14 times with 8 wins and had earnings of $388,135.
Racing mainly on turf he won sixteen of his forty races between February 1977 and September 1980.
Under jockey Randy Romero, she then won the Grade I Spinster Stakes before capturing the Breeders' Cup Distaff at Hollywood Park Racetrack.
In a career which lasted from July 1976 until August 1978, she ran twelve times and won three races.
He won numerous awards including the title of Hong Kong Horse of the Year on two occasions.
She died at Patchen Wilkes Farm on January 28, 2006, one week after losing a foal.
I still get the video out from time to time and it never fails to amaze me".
She was bred by the Niarchos family.
In a career which lasted from July 1998 until June 2005 he ran thirty-nine times and won seven races.
She is one of only five horses to have won the Cup more than once, and the only mare among the list of multiple winners.
Castleshane is a racehorse who has been trained in Lincolnshire by Steve Gollings since moving to Britain from Ireland in 2000.
Andover was a British Thoroughbred racehorse and sire.
He retired with a perfect record of sixteen wins from sixteen starts.
She placed third, already displaying the late-closing style that would become typical of many of her subsequent runs.
She raced in Australia and New Zealand, winning 36 races, including 19 in succession..
She is one of only two mares to ever produce two Epsom Derby winners, namely Galileo and Sea the Stars.
Prior to his victory in 1932, Forbra beat Golden Miller in a race where 'The Miller' was disqualified for carrying the wrong weight.
His Derby win took place on May 7, 2011, before a record crowd of 164,858.
She then won the Classic Oaks over one and a half miles at Epsom, beating the Irish filly Peeping Fawn.
At the end of the season he was sold to the Russian government and went on to have a successful stud career in Russia and Germany.
Takeover Target then endured two injuries which kept him out of racing for a further six months.
his mares have done comparably well at stud.
The colt won four of his seven starts, including the Prix Jean-Luc Lagardère at Longchamp Racecourse in October 2005.
Bold Bidder was an American Thoroughbred racehorse.
Pasteurized was an American Thoroughbred racehorse best known for winning the 1938 Belmont Stakes.
He remained in training as a five-year-old, winning the March Stakes and Rous Memorial Stakes.
Flintshire is a British-bred Thoroughbred racehorse who has been trained in France and the United States.
The horse made his career-best effort in the 2002 Hong Kong Cup at Sha Tin Racecourse, finishing third behind local hero Precision and German raider Paolini.
The stallion was once again sold at auction in September 1903 to A.C. Jaeger for $2,900.
Shenanigans could not endure another surgery and had to be put down.
She was imported to the Province of Maryland between 1750 and 1752 by Benjamin Tasker, Jr.
Don Enrique was an American Thoroughbred racehorse is best known for winning the 1907 Preakness Stakes.
American Lion is an American Thoroughbred racehorse.
From there, his career took off - he won the Hawke's Bay Guineas in just the fourth start of his career.
In late 2004, arrangements were made to bring the then nineteen-year-old horse to the Old Friends retirement home for thoroughbred racehorses in Georgetown, Kentucky.
He regained the winning thread, when winning the Irish Hennessy for the 3rd successive season, beating stablemate Alexander Banquet by 2 lengths.
He stood at stud in New Zealand briefly before being sold overseas.
He recorded his most important success when winning the Classic St. Leger Stakes as a three-year-old in 2002.
Apology was euthanised in 1888 after an extended illness.
He subsequently raced unplaced in 3 further starts.
For example, the now-standard tuning pitch for most Western music, 440 Hz, is named a′ or A4.
Perrault was considered the leading candidate for U.S.
Initially trained in France, he won two minor races in the spring of 2011 before defeating a strong field to win the Prix du Jockey Club.
He was owned by H. T. Barclay and trained by C. Jousiffe.
This left The Fellow with 11 stone and 4 pounds to carry.
He was sired by St. Victor's Barb and his dam was Grey Whynot, a daughter of Whynot.
Birds Nest was a British-bred thoroughbred racehorse.
Kingman was bought by John E. Madden of Louisville, Kentucky in the latter part of 1891 for $5,000 at the Jacobin Stable dispersal sale.
He is the first New York-bred horse to win the Kentucky Derby and the first gelding to win since Clyde Van Dusen in 1929.
Flying heels won seventeen of his forty-three lfetime starts and retired from racing with earnings of $123,435.
He was sired by multiple Grade I winner Cryptoclearance, and his damsire was Northern Dancer's son, Vice Regent.
Rock On Ruby, is an Irish-bred, British-trained Thoroughbred racehorse.
Sky Jack is a retired American Thoroughbred racehorse.
Tamarisk was an Irish-bred champion Thoroughbred racehorse.
He was then heard to cry 'Be Jabers Boys!
Reliable Man is a British-bred Thoroughbred racehorse and sire.
Sired by Danehill to dam Piccadilly Circus, he started his racing career in 2004.
He was then retired to stud where he proved to be an outstanding sire of winners.
Hooked is a champion Australia Thoroughbred racehorse.
Archer was an Australian Thoroughbred racehorse who won the first and the second Melbourne Cups in 1861 and 1862.
Flocarline is best known as the first filly to ever win the Preakness Stakes.
Her dam was the Canadian Hall of Fame mare Classy 'n Smart by Smarten.
On his three-year-old debut he won the 2000 Guineas and followed up in the Irish 2000 Guineas three weeks later.
Synergy is a Thoroughbred racehorse who was bred in France.
He was then retired to stud where he had limited success as a sire of winners.
In 2015 his record stands at 16 wins, and 9 places from 45 races.
He was sired by Silver Deputy and out of the stakes-winning mare, Adorned, a daughter of the 1975 French Derby winner, Val de l'Orne.
Livermore and out of the Cox's Ridge mare, Dream Team.
He was beaten when favourite for the Derby and finished unplaced in the St Leger.
He was then retired to stud where he had mixed success as a sire of winners.
Belmez was an American-bred, British-trained Thoroughbred racehorse best known for winning the 1990 King George VI and Queen Elizabeth Stakes.
He won a preparatory race, the Awesome Again Stakes, his seventh win overall and his first Grade I win.
Colombo was a British Thoroughbred racehorse and sire.
On his four-year-old debut, he won the Lockinge Stakes.
He was retired as a five-year-old after failing to appear in the 2010 season due to injury.
Northern Spur was a Thoroughbred racehorse who raced in France and the United States.
Elmaamul was an American-bred, British-trained Thoroughbred racehorse and sire.
Having won it a year earlier on With Approval, jockey Don Seymour became the only jockey in history to ride two Canadian Triple Crown winners.
After winning as a two-year-old she finished second on her three-year-old debut to Mid-day Sun, a colt who went on to win the Epsom Derby.
She competed from Mexico to Canada, as well as in eight U. S. states.
Between June 2006 and October 2007 she ran thirteen times in four different countries and won four races, two of them at Group One level.
In a racing career which lasted from 1906 to 1907 he ran seven times and won four races.
Imperial Choice is a Canadian Thoroughbred racehorse.
In a career that lasted from August 1841 to June 1844 he ran thirteen times and won eight races.
Glorosia was a French-bred British-trained thoroughbred racehorse and broodmare.
Sired by the American Grade I winner Meadowlake, and out of the mare Inreality Star, she was sold at the 1989 Keeneland yearling sale for $90,000.
He was bred and owned by William Bethell.
Detroit was a French Thoroughbred racehorse and broodmare who won the Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe in 1980.
Agile won the Kentucky Derby against two other competitors, Ram's Horn and Layson, in one of the smallest racing fields since Azra won in 1892.
In Reality was an American bred racehorse.
She was placed in her three remaining races before being retired to stud where she had some success as a broodmare.
Renowned horse painter Richard Stone Reeves said, "Buckpasser was the most perfectly proportioned Thoroughbred I have ever seen."
He finished 5th in the 2008 Kentucky Derby.
Le Marmot was a French Thoroughbred racehorse and sire.
Cwrw won his two other races in 1812, but the rest of his career was relatively undistinguished.
Flashy Bull by Jerry and Liz Squyres at Crowning Point Farm in Paris, Kentucky is an American thoroughbred racehorse.
Surfside is an American Thoroughbred racehorse and broodmare.
In 2007 and 2008, Commentator was New York Horse of Year.
Balisada was a British Thoroughbred racehorse and broodmare.
Bred in Kentucky, she was the daughter of English Triple Crown champion Nijinsky.
Rockhill Native was an American Thoroughbred racehorse that was the 1979 American champion two-year-old colt.
Cox Plate, 1953 VRC LKS Mackinnon Stakes and the 1953 QTC Brisbane Cup.
Rose Bowl was an American-bred, British-trained Thoroughbred racehorse and broodmare.
Only two horses, Secretariat and Affirmed, have since been "in a class with Buckpasser".
Lemhi Gold was an American Thoroughbred Champion racehorse.
Whisker was a Thoroughbred racehorse that won the 1815 Epsom Derby and was a full-brother of the 1810 winner Whalebone.
Estrapade was an American-bred Champion Thoroughbred racehorse.
General Quarters is an American Thoroughbred racehorse who was a contender for the 2009 U.S.
Best Mate was an Irish-bred, English-trained racehorse and three-time winner of the Cheltenham Gold Cup.
He was undefeated in three races in 1931 when he was rated the equal-best two-year-old of the year in Britain.
Manuel was an American Thoroughbred racehorse that won the 1899 Kentucky Derby in what was deemed a very uneventful race.
Owned and breed by Phillips Racing Partnership, she is trained by James J. Toner.
Paco Boy was known as a hold up horse, usually coming from behind with a devastating turn of foot.
In the following season she finished third in the Poule d'Essai des Pouliches before winning the Coronation Stakes at Royal Ascot.
After running without distinction in Ireland in 1965 and 1966 he was transferred to England, where his form improved enormously.
His sire was the multiple stakes winner Briartic, a son of Canadian Horse Racing Hall of Fame inductee Nearctic, who also sired Northern Dancer.
In the following year he was campaigned at Newmarket where he was beaten for the first time by Grey Momus in the Port Stakes.
At age three, El Prado finished out of the money in all three starts.
In the following year she won the Prix Imprudence and Prix Maurice de Gheest.
Any Given Saturday is an American Thoroughbred racehorse.
Six days later while training he suffered a torn tendon sheath that ended his racing career.
Leading Sire - #13 → #9 → #3 → #2 → #4 → #4 → #3 → #3 → #3
He won 24 races in his career, including the 1882 Kentucky Derby.
The trainer of the runner-up, Lee Freedman, quipped that it was the first time anything had ever come from behind to beat Super Impose.
Dotties Pick was inducted into the Canadian Horse Racing Hall of Fame in 1976, thirteen years before her brother Adios Pick.
She did it in a time of 1:58 with Douglas Hoffman aboard by 1½ lengths over Half Rock and Runes.
In a career that lasted from June 1998 until July 1999, he ran seven times and won three races.
He won a six furlong event at Pimlico Race Course on May 3, 1943, defeating Noonday Sun.
He finished 5th on his 2 only starts for him, both in maiden flat races.
She was then retired to stud where her record as a broodmare was disappointing.
Pompoon was an American Thoroughbred racehorse who was voted American Champion Two-Year-Old Colt for 1936.
He suffered a career-ending injury in the Donn Handicap soon after the beginning of this four-year-old campaign in 1995.
As a three-year-old, Dawn Approach won the classic 2000 Guineas on his first appearance, going on to win the St James Palace Stakes at Royal Ascot.
Acacia colletioides, a plant that occurs in Western Australia
Owned by Edward Stanley, 17th Earl of Derby, Hyperion won GBP £29,509 during his racing career—a considerable sum at the time.
She was sired by Wagner out of Foundling and was foaled on March 5, 1894.
New Policy - won Cinema Handicap, California Breeders' Champion Stakes, San Miguel Stakes, San Bernardino Handicap, San Pasqual Handicap, San Diego Handicap
Citation went on to dominate U.S. racing in 1947 and continued to master the competition in the Spring of 1948 leading up to the U.S.
In the following year she was unbeaten in two races, winning the Port Stakes at Newmarket and the Gold Cup at Ascot.
He was sired by Skywalker, that won the 1986 Breeders' Cup Classic.
Leica Guv is a thoroughbred racehorse who in a brilliant three-year-old season won the New Zealand Derby in 2001.
Casino Drive - winner of the 2008 Peter Pan Stakes
Bahram was an Irish-bred, English-trained Thoroughbred racehorse.
He won fourteen races and was placed second or third on thirty occasions.
Bred and owned by Woodlands Stud, Holy Roller stood 18.1 hands compared to the average thoroughbred at around 16 hands.
He won the Subscription Purse at York in 1768, but is best known for racing against the undefeated Eclipse in a match race in 1770.
At the end of 2007 he was sold and transferred to Ireland where he began to compete in National Hunt events.
My Way De Solzen is 12-year-old bay gelding racehorse, who began his racing career trained in France by A. Lamotte D'Argy.
Sweet Solera was unbeaten in four races including the 1000 Guineas at Newmarket and Oaks at Epsom.
War Front is an American Thoroughbred racehorse.
He is a strikingly marked, baldy faced, chestnut gelding by the shuttle stallion, Lion Cavern from Tennessee Blaze by Whiskey Road.
Kingfisher died on June 30, 1890 in Kentucky.
Indian Queen was a British thoroughbred racehorse best known for winning the Ascot Gold Cup on her final racecourse appearance.
He was one of the nominees of 2010-2011 Hong Kong Horse of the Year.
Since retiring from racing she has become one of Juddmonte Farms' top broodmares, foaling the undefeated, 10-time Group 1 winner Frankel.
He won the race, the most valuable ever run in Britain, and went on to win the Prix Perth and the Champion Stakes in Autumn.
His only win came on his racecourse debut, when he recorded an upset victory in the 1829 Derby ridden by his sixty-year-old trainer John Forth.
Kalanisi is a Thoroughbred racehorse who won European Champion and American Champion honors in 2000.
Forty Niner is an American champion thoroughbred racehorse.
Sired by Val de l'Orne, the 1975 Prix du Jockey Club winner, his damsire was Barachois, a son of Northern Dancer.
He is not considered to be a successful sire.
Lethal Force is an Irish-bred, British-trained Thoroughbred racehorse.
After a disappointing run in his only subsequent start he was retired from racing with a record of six wins from nine starts.
Grey Lag was a Thoroughbred race horse born in Kentucky and bred by John E. Madden.
In a racing career which lasted from April 2013 until October 2014 she won four of her eleven races.
Jerry was a British Thoroughbred racehorse and sire best known for winning the classic St Leger Stakes in 1824.
Old Hat, was an American Thoroughbred racing mare by Boston Doge out of Fine Feathers, whose sire was Double Jay.
She was retired from racing at the end of 1979 and has had some influence as a broodmare.
Gladiateur was not very successful as a sire but his performance on the track remains one of the most impressive in Thoroughbred horse racing history.
He suffered a fatal injury while racing in the rearranged Peterborough Chase at Newbury and had to be put down.
Roberto also proved to be a highly successful and influential stallion.
In a career which lasted from 1974 until September 1977, he ran 21 times and won 5 races.
At age five Behrens had his best season in racing.
She suffered a serious injury while racing but later made a full recovery and continued her career.
When the other horses entered in the race were withdrawn, Tontine became the only horse to win a classic by walkover.
(స రి గ మ ప ద ని స), Tamil Byzantium used the names pa-vu-ga-di-ke-zo-ni-pa.
Right Tack was an Irish-bred, British-trained Thoroughbred racehorse and sire.
By April 2014 he was the top-rated in the world and retained his position throughout the year.
He was broken and initially trained by Tommy Akin, but for the majority of his career was trained by Vincent Timphony.
In the following year he appeared to have lost his form before recording an upset win over a strong field in the 1997 Cheltenham Gold Cup.
Her first stakes win came versus unrestricted three–year–olds in the Providence Stakes at Narragansett Park.
Hear The Echo was an Irish-bred National Hunt racing horse trained by Mouse Morris and ridden by jockey Davy Russell.
Old Trieste was an American Thoroughbred racehorse.
Tom Ochiltree, was an American Thoroughbred racehorse who won the 1875 Preakness Stakes and several other major stakes.
At the start of his six-year-old season in 2016 he was sent to be trained in the United States.
Top Row's earnings for 1936 played the major role in making his damsire High Time the Leading broodmare sire in North America.
Hill Prince was an American Thoroughbred racehorse.
Her offspring did not meet with success in racing.
A multiple Graded stakes race winner who competed successfully on both grass and dirt, Rainbows For Life won three Sovereign Awards for racing.
He had been gelded by the time of his death.
Another horse on board named Chesney allegedly swam a great distance to shore.
In the following spring he won the Prix Greffulhe and then recorded his biggest success in the Prix du Jockey Club, beating Helissio into fifth place.
Majesty's Prince was an American Thoroughbred racehorse.
He's also earned Beyer Speed Figures of 119, 120, and 123.
Clyde Van Dusen was an American Thoroughbred racehorse and the winner of the 1929 Kentucky Derby.
Green Moon is a Thoroughbred racehorse bred in Ireland and trained in Australia, and owned by Australian businessman Lloyd Williams.
Stuka is an American Thoroughbred racehorse best known for winning the Grade I Santa Anita Handicap at Santa Anita Park in Arcadia, California.
Keen Pauline is an American Thoroughbred racehorse.
In the St Leger she finished second to a colt named Zanga, but was awarded the race when the winner was disqualified for causing interference.
Big Truck next raced on October 20, 2007, in the Sleepy Hollow Stakes, stretching out to one mile.
Benny the Dip was retired to stud at the end of his three-year-old season.
Foaled in 1949, the colt won multiple important stakes races, including the Arlington Classic, American Derby, Lawrence Realization Stakes, and Santa Anita Handicap.
He won the 1994 Cheltenham Gold Cup and narrowly lost the 1991 and 1992 renewals.
The King's Plate is Canada's most prestigious race.
At the end of her racing career she became broodmare for her owner, the Cheveley Park Stud.
She was sent to race in California in 1979 where she won both her races including the Grade I Santa Margarita Invitational Handicap.
In a career which lasted from July 1967 to October 1968 he ran thirteen times and won eight races.
The horse was owned by the fourth Earl of Dunraven during his racing career.
Grand Parade was an Irish-bred Thoroughbred racehorse and sire.
Apart from his wins he was placed in the Yasuda Kinen and two runnings of the Tenno Sho.
After her retirement from racing, she became a very successful broodmare, being the ancestor of major winners including Chic and Integral.
He won three more races as a four-year-old including the Eclipse Stakes.
Ambiorix was a French Champion Two-Year-Old Thoroughbred racehorse who became a leading sire.
Unraced as a two-year-old, he showed some promise as a three-year-old in 2006, winning one minor race and finishing fourth in the St Leger.
He was a bay colt bred by Dr. Elisha Warfield at Warfield's stud farm, The Meadows, near Lexington, Kentucky.
As a two-year-old he won three of his six races, most notably the Dewhurst Stakes as a 50/1 outsider.
His most important success came in 1883 when he won the Epsom Derby.
Comply Or Die was a British-trained Thoroughbred racehorse, owned by David Johnson.
In the following season he won the Relkeel Hurdle and a second Aintree Hurdle.
Retired after his four-year-old campaign, Helissio stood at stud at the Widden Stud in Australia and Shadai Stallion Station in Japan.
He made no impact as a breeding stallion and was exported to France in 1838.
Bering was a British-bred, French-trained Thoroughbred racehorse.
The Gentry is a Thoroughbred racehorse who won the New Zealand Derby in 1988.
Trained by Dennis Brida for owner Michael Watral, during his racing career Dixie Brass compiled a record of 6-2-2 from 15 starts and earned US$$631,563.
2006 bay or brown filly, Zyoon, by Al Maher, but none of these horses are currently stakes-winners.
Monsun was a bay Thoroughbred racehorse and stallion bred in Germany by Gestüt Isarland and owned by Baron Georg von Ullmann.
Bred by Mrs. Elsie Cassatt Stewart, daughter of businessman and Thoroughbred racehorse owner, Alexander Cassatt, Top Row was claimed by trainer Bert Baroni for $3,500.
Albatross was a bay Standardbred horse by Meadow Skipper.
Cardinal Beaufort was sold frequently in his later racing career, changing hands seven times in the last two years of his life.
He later became a successful breeding stallion.
Some Romance - won Frizette Stakes, Matron Stakes;
Bald Eagle was an American-bred Thoroughbred Eclipse Award-winning racehorse who competed successfully in both the United Kingdom and the United States.
He was then retired to stud here he had some success as a sire of steeplechasers.
His damsire is Storm Cat, currently the stallion with the highest breeding fee in the world.
Smolensko raced for two years and was retired to stud in 1815.
His 1997 racing season ended after he suffered a back injury while finishing fifth in the Super Derby.
As a hurdler, Flyingbolt was the best Tom Dreaper ever trained.
All The Good is an Irish-bred Thoroughbred racehorse who won the 2008 Australian Group 1 MRC Caulfield Cup over 2400 metres.
Theodore was a British Thoroughbred racehorse and sire best known for winning the classic St Leger Stakes in 1822 at odds of 200/1.
West Australian was a British Thoroughbred racehorse and sire.
He followed that Melbourne win up with a third-placing at Caulfield and second in the Cadbury Guineas, before finishing a disappointing fifth in the Rosehill Guineas.
He is related through his grandsire to 1907 Derby winner Pink Star.
Master Willie was a British racehorse and sire.
As a two-year-old he showed ability, but his ungovernable temperament led to his being gelded.
Garcia claimed foul after the race, and following a lengthy inquiry no changed were made.
At the end of her British racing career she was sold and exported to Hungary.
Placid Ark was an Australian thoroughbred foaled in Western Australia.
As a two-year-old, he made two starts at the Curragh Racecourse in Ireland for trainer Vincent O'Brien, earning wins in his debut and the Anglesey Stakes.
He won his first race, the Gilane Amusements 3-Y-O Maiden Hurdle, in August 1997 at Tramore Racecourse in County Waterford, Tramore in Ireland.
Artax was retired to stud in 2000.
After retiring from racing he went on to become a top national hunt sire.
Race favourite Admire Rakti also died that day from a cardiac arrest after ventricular fibrillation, after finishing last.
For Hildreth, he was ridden by jockey Cal Shilling and earned back-to-back United States Horse of the Year awards.
He was a full brother to Sickle, who also stood at stud successfully in the United States.
In a career that lasted from April 1822 to May 1823 he ran five times and won four races.
By Bletchingly, Emancipation was a grey, like her dam, Ammo Girl, and her damsire, Gunsynd.
Trained by Ian Black, as at May 26, 2011 Rahy's Attorney has earned more than $2 million.
Domedriver is a Thoroughbred racehorse owned and raced in France by the Stavros Niarchos family.
Mr Tiz was a champion New Zealand thoroughbred racehorse.
Sir Huon - won Kentucky Derby, Latonia Derby
In a career which lasted from autumn 1952 until July 1954 he ran fourteen times and won eight races.
He won twelve of his fifteen races, and set or matched several U.S. and world records including:
As Indicated is an American Thoroughbred racehorse bred in Kentucky by Margot I. Perkins and raced under the Heatherwood Farm banner as his owner.
Play the King was a Canadian Champion Thoroughbred racehorse.
After failing to win as a two-year-old he won his first race of 1965 by six lengths before winning the Guineas at Newmarket Racecourse.
In a career that lasted from 1977 to 1979 he ran twenty times and won seven races.
He showed promise as a two-year-old in 2010 and became a consistently successful performer in the following year.
Bold Ruritana is a Canadian Thoroughbred Champion racehorse.
He died on 7 November 2014 following a fall whilst schooling in Tipperary.
She was a top-class middle-distance runner who showed her best form on good or firm ground.
The dam of Divine Proportions is Myth to Reality, a Group 3 winning daughter of Sadler's Wells.
Macho Again is a retired American thoroughbred racehorse and sire.
In some cultures and family traditions, it's common to refer to one's first cousin once removed, as a niece or nephew.
Originally trained by Kenneth McPeek, following a poor performance in the 2005 Arkansas Derby, [2] the horse was transferred to trainer Richard Dutrow, Jr.
At the end of his racing career he was described as "Ireland's most famous racehorse".
The Wellington Cup was over 2 miles and he won it in a World Record time of 3:16.2, a record which still stands today.
Vengeance of Rain died at the Cambridge Stud, where he had been foaled, in October 2011.
He was out of the mare Blue Glass, who was also the dam of Unbreakable who sired Polynesian.
Count Fleet went on to win the U.S.
Firenze began racing at age two and competed through age seven, retiring to her owner's Rancho Del Paso stud farm near Sacramento, California.
Among them was the good racing mare Big Hurry.
Retired to broodmare duty, Track Robbery's most successful runner was the multiple stakes winner Train Robbery.
He was unbeaten as a novice winning five races including the Tolworth Hurdle and Royal & SunAlliance Novices' Hurdle.
Stardom Bound is an American Thoroughbred racehorse who won the 2008 Breeders' Cup Juvenile Fillies and the Eclipse Award for Champion 2-Year-Old Filly.
Paradise Creek was a millionaire American Thoroughbred racehorse and successful sire.
Linmold - won Santa Anita Handicap, California Breeders' Champion Stakes
Algan was a French Selle Francais racehorse who competed under National Hunt rules.
Shortly after his retirement he was sold and exported to stand as a breeding stallion in Russia.
Royal Palace was a British Thoroughbred racehorse.
He is best known for his performances as a two-year-old in 1943, when he was the best American colt of his generation.
Arise was a Canadian Hall of Fame Thoroughbred racehorse.
He was one of the best British two-year-olds of 1978, when he defeated Troy in the Royal Lodge Stakes.
A Dutch oven is a thick-walled cooking pot with a tight-fitting lid.
As a racehorse, he was best known as the disqualified "winner" of the 2000 Guineas in 1980.
She was bred and raced by Khalid Abdullah's Juddmonte Farms and was trained by Bobby Frankel.
Three Troikas' 1979 performance made her the highest-rated three-year-old in Europe in the International Classification.
Next on their ratings are Sprinter Sacre on 192 and then Kauto Star and Mill House on 191.
After spending several months at stud, Carry Back returned to racing in 1963, when the highlight of his season was a win in the Trenton Handicap.
Macs Joy was an Irish Thoroughbred racehorse who won several important hurdle races including three at Grade I level between 2004 and 2006.
She is the dam of two Kentucky Derby entrants: 2005 winner Giacomo, by Holy Bull, and Tiago, by Pleasant Tap.
Lucarno is a Thoroughbred racehorse and sire best known for winning the St Leger in 2007.
On 1 March 2014 he won the 139th running of the New Zealand Derby.
She is by Desert King out of Tugela by Riverman.
Herbager was a French Thoroughbred racehorse and an influential sire in both France and the United States.
Owned and bred by Goughacres Stable, he was sired by Atheling.
In 1989 his wins included three Grade I races: the United Nations Handicap, Man o' War Stakes and Turf Classic Handicap.
She was sired by Self Possessed, out of Moms Millionaire, a Pine Chip mare.
He was a specialist steeplechaser who ran thirty-two times and won sixteen races under National Hunt rules.
He went that year on to finish third to Strike the Gold in the Kentucky Derby and third to Hansel in the Preakness and Belmont Stakes.
Dauber was purchased by William du Pont, Jr. and raced by his Foxcatcher Farms.
Ocean Park is a New Zealand Thoroughbred racehorse.
Donna Blini is a British Thoroughbred racehorse and broodmare.
She remained in training for two further seasons, winning major races including consecutive runnings of the Coronation Cup.
In the following year she was narrowly beaten in the Classic 1000 Guineas before winning the Coronation Stakes at Royal Ascot.
He was retired to stud after winning four of his eleven races and became a successful breeding stallion.
He was a bay gelding sired by Al Hareb out of Headford Lass-Deep Company).
He was named Australian Harness Horse of the Year for 1988-89.
Racing Hall of Fame trainer Woody Stephens.
Ajina is an American Champion Thoroughbred racehorse.
At night, the lights are a form of leading line that can be used for safe navigation.
He was bred and raced by Joseph Widener, owner of the prestigious Elmendorf Farm in Lexington, Kentucky and president of Belmont Park and Hialeah Park racetracks.
He was retired to stud after failing to win in six starts as a three-year-old in 1994.
He finished fifth in the 2015 Epsom Derby.
His other major successes came in the Prix Royal-Oak, the Doncaster Cup, and the Goodwood Cup.
Achievement was a British Thoroughbred racehorse and broodmare.
Nononito was a French champion Thoroughbred race horse and sire.
Barton was a British racehorse of Thoroughbred and Anglo-Arabian ancestry who competed in National Hunt racing.
Having been bought cheaply as a yearling, she showed promise as a two-year-old in 1976 before emerging as a top-class performer in the following year.
His dam is the mare Wild Vision, sired by the 1984 Breeders' Cup Classic winner, Wild Again.
Jeddah was a British Thoroughbred racehorse and sire.
At stud, Aureole sired 1960 Epsom Derby winner, St. Paddy.
Greyhound was a grey Standardbred gelding by Guy Abbey out of Elizabeth by Peter the Great.
As a yearling, he was sent to Ocala, Florida, to the master horsemen Art Fisher.
Spun Sugar raced 13 times and won or placed in nine races, seven of them stakes races.
Surfers Paradise became the third New Zealand Derby winner - after Bonecrusher and Castletown - to pass $2 million in prizemoney.
Atago Taisho, millionaire multiple stakes winner in Japan
A grandson of Ribot, among Salerno's most important success came as a two-year-old when he won the 1967 Remsen Stakes.
He was sired by the 1994 American Horse of the Year and U.S.
Gold Splash was not a success as a broodmare, producing only two minor winners.
And yet she regularly beat the best fillies and mares in America.
Racing at age three, Castle Forbes won the Acorn Stakes at Belmont Park in New York.
Nathaniel returned in 2012 to win the Eclipse Stakes on his seasonal debut.
He was one of the leading two-year-olds in Europe in 2012 when he won the Superlative Stakes, Vintage Stakes and Prix Jean-Luc Lagardere.
Before moving to Newmarket, he was runner-up to the Henry Cecil-trained Le Moss in the Ascot Gold Cup.
Teofilo is a retired Irish Thoroughbred racehorse and active stallion.
Orwell, also known as the Golden Hair Colt, was a British Thoroughbred racehorse and sire.
She failed to win again and was retired from racing in 1999.
Formerly a flat racing horse, Gay Trip was switched to National Hunt racing as a five-year-old and won the Mackeson Gold Cup in 1969.
He was retired to stud and became a very successful sire of steeplechasers.
As a three-year-old, he underperformed in his preparatory races for the Kentucky Derby until it was discovered that he had an entrapped epiglottis.
According to witnesses, the colt got right back up again as though nothing had happened.
Retired to broodmare duty after her 1995 racing season, Irish Linnet has produced eight foals.
A small but versatile horse, Overskate raced successfully on grass and dirt racecourses and won major races on rain-soaked sloppy tracks.
Brian's Time was an American Thoroughbred racehorse.
Papa Clem is an American Thoroughbred racehorse who was a contender for the 2009 U.S.
Strike the Gold was an American Thoroughbred racehorse best known for winning the 1991 Kentucky Derby.
War Pass was an American champion Thoroughbred racehorse and winner of the 2007 Breeders' Cup Juvenile.
Rizeena is an Irish-bred, British-trained Thoroughbred racehorse.
Ali-Royal was an Irish-bred, British-trained Thoroughbred racehorse and sire.
Jack Spigot died in June 1843 and was buried at Bolton Hall.
Sickle was a son of the important sire Phalaris, a two-time leading sire in Great Britain and Ireland.
She was a bay filly born in 1926 in France, and was sired by the French stallion Teddy.
Later that year he recorded his most important victory when he defeated his stable companion Maroon in the St Leger.
He contested the Breeders' Cup Juvenile Turf that year and finished third.
St. Paddy was the winner of the 1960 Epsom Derby and St. Leger Stakes.
As a yearling, Jaipur was broken and exercised by soon-to-be jockey Michael Tornambe, who was the first person to ride the colt.
A powerful and impressive stallion, he has been particularly successful at stud.
Triple Crown champion and Hall of Fame inductee Secretariat.
Vigil was purchased and raced by Walter J. Salmon, Sr. His trainer was future U.S.
Sunfire was conditioned for racing by future U.S.
Syndicated and retired to stud duty, Perrault sired 119 winners before he died in 2001.
He was a specialist steeplechaser who was the first to win the title of American Champion Steeplechase Horse on a record four occasions.
Nihilator was humanely destroyed in November 1991 after suffering from Potomac horse fever and laminitis.
Miswaki raced in Europe and won the 1980 Grade 1 Prix de la Salamandre.
Near the end of April 1992, he was sent to Churchill Downs in Louisville, Kentucky where he won the Derby Trial.
He was retired from racing at the end of the season, having won six of his fourteen races, and had modest success as a breeding stallion.
He went on to win important races that year including the prestigious Travers Stakes.
Blue Gown was a British Thoroughbred racehorse that was the winner of the 1868 Epsom Derby and Ascot Gold Cup.
Sired by the Italian runner, Ribot, Sette Belo's dam was Honor Bound, a daughter of Bull Dog.
He was rated the best racehorse in Europe in 1985.
In the following season he failed to win in four races in Europe and had limited success when racing in California in 1993.
He made little impact as a breeding stallion.
He has 8 wins around Cheltenham Racecourse, including the Cross Country Handicap Chase twice.
To date, his best runner in terms of career earnings is daughter Clearly Foxy, who won the 2007 Grade III Natalma Stakes.
Silver Deputy was purchased for $200,000 by Windfields Farm of Oshawa, Ontario at the Fasig-Tipton July 1986 select yearling auction in Kentucky.
Able One also is one of the nominees of Hong Kong Horse of the Year.
Allied Powers won his first race in April 2008 at Pontefract Racecourse.
The concept of volksgeist was also influential in American cultural anthropology.
The Ashland Stakes was the third win in the 10 starts of Evening Jewel's career, and it improved her earnings to $410,600.
He won seven of his ten races, with all his wins coming at Newmarket.
She failed to win as a four-year-old, but became a very successful broodmare.
Pool Land, stakes wins include G1 Ruffian Handicap
Later that year he was placed in both the Matchmaker International and the Rothman' International.
Time Charter was an Irish-bred, British-trained Thoroughbred racehorse and broodmare who won several major middle-distance races between 1982 and 1984.
He was retired at the end of the season and became a successful breeding stallion in a brief stud career.
An avid yachtsman, William Ziegler, Jr. named his 53-foot racing schooner for the horse.
His dam is Ecology, a daughter of the 1995 Breeders' Cup Juvenile winner, Unbridled's Song.
She was a September Keeneland Sales graduate that sold for only $35,000 in September 2007 as a yearling.
In a racing career which lasted from 1943 until 1946 he ran twenty-three times and won sixteen races.
Previously trained with Eoin Harty, Kinsale King was turned over to Carl O'Callaghan during the Del Mar Racetrack meet in summer 2009.
Viewed was an Australian Thoroughbred racehorse who won the 148th Melbourne Cup on 4 November 2008.
She was bred in Maryland by Milton Polinger.
Chamossaire was a British Thoroughbred racehorse and sire best known for winning the classic St Leger Stakes in 1945 and siring the Derby winner Santa Claus.
He is the sire of 2015 Triple Crown winner American Pharoah, and many other graded-stakes winners.
He is known for winning the 1826 Doncaster St. Leger.
Rich Tradition was an American Thoroughbred racemare bred by Taylor Hardin's Newstead Farm and raced by Christopher Chenery.
Bred by Percy Banahan in County Meath was sold cheaply as a yearling and exported to race in Italy.
Narita Brian, May 3, 1991 – September 27, 1998) was a Japanese racehorse.
Landseer's next success came in October when he made his first start in the United States.
He ran in the 1990 Japan Cup, won by David Hayes' Better Loosen Up.
Petition was a British Thoroughbred racehorse and sire.
Banks Hill is a full sister to Cacique, Intercontinental, Dansili and Champs Elysees.
Triple Crown, the Kentucky Derby and the Preakness Stakes.
He is best known for winning the 1966 Epsom Derby.
On 1 November 2005, he ran third in the Melbourne Cup, behind three-time winner Makybe Diva.
Smuggler was an American Champion Thoroughbred racing mare.
His career faced unfortunate setbacks from injury.
Play The Red is best remembered for placing second in the second jewel of the American Triple Crown, the $200,000 grade 1 Preakness Stakes, to Elocutionist.
In 1949, she was voted by the country's top sports writers as the American Champion Three-Year-Old Filly.
Alphabatim was an American-bred, British-trained Thoroughbred racehorse and sire who won at the highest level in both Europe and North America.
His victory in the 2009 race was exactly a century since the previous victory by a French bred horse in the Grand National.
After being beaten in her first three races she showed significant progress in the autumn of her two-year-old season winning three races of increasing prestige.
He also won the 2015 Breeders' Cup Juvenile, becoming only the second horse to complete the Juvenile-Derby double.
Physician - won Santa Anita Handicap, San Antonio Handicap, Pomona Handicap
She is best known for winning the Epsom Oaks on her third racecourse appearance.
Winter's Tale was an American Thoroughbred racehorse.
Candy Éclair was an American Thoroughbred racehorse.
The millionaire granddaughter of Northern Dancer, Bessarabian raced in Canada and the United States.
Racing Hall of Fame trainer, Intercontinental began 2004 with a win in the Jenny Wiley Stakes [2] at Keeneland Race Course in Lexington, Kentucky.
Smarty Jones - Champion 3 Year Old and winner of the 2004 Kentucky Derby and Preakness Stakes
However, those plans became doubtful when he was well beaten in weak company at his final start before going to New Zealand.
A top three-year-old, Mobil ran second to Canadian Triple Crown winner Wando, in the Queen's Plate.
First Trump is a retired British Thoroughbred racehorse and active sire.
His most notable achievement came in 1947, when he became the first French-trained horse to win the Epsom Derby since Durbar in 1914.
In The Hambletonian he won in 1:50.1 which was a stakes record and tied the fastest time for a trotter of any age at The Meadowlands.
Payton d'Oro is an American Thoroughbred racehorse.
Chamant, was a French-bred, British-trained Thoroughbred racehorse and sire who won the classic 2000 Guineas in 1877.
Gibson's owner for comment, Charles Head Smith said the following.
Master Oats was retired from racing in 1998 and died in 2012.
His 1951 performances earned him Canadian Horse of the Year honors.
In a racing career which lasted from September 2001 until October 2002 she ran seven times and won five races in four different countries.
He had some success as a sire of winners.
As a two-year-old in 1998 he won two of his three races including the Grade III Radio Tampa Hai Sansai Stakes.
Despite an undistinguished pedigree, he showed promise in his early career, winning the Kennel Gate Novices' Hurdle in 1995.
Her dam was Niarchos's French star and U.S.
Blue Wind was an Irish Thoroughbred racehorse and broodmare best known for winning the classic Oaks Stakes in 1981.
Commentator’s average winning margin in his 14 career victories is over 10 lengths.
Jean Bereaud was an American Thoroughbred Champion racehorse  best known for winning an 1899 American Classic Race, the Belmont Stakes.
In 2013 he was placed in the Epsom Derby, Irish Derby and St Leger Stakes.
In a career that lasted from spring 1783 to May 1785 he ran eight times and won four races.
Trained by Arthur Brent, in his first two races at age two Kingarvie was beaten by fellow future Hall of Fame inductee, Windfields.
Coaltown was inducted into the United States' National Museum of Racing and Hall of Fame in 1983.
As a four-year-old in 1991, Prospective Dolly won the first of her three Whimsical and Seaway Stakes at Woodbine.
Linita was an American Thoroughbred racing mare in California.
In a career that lasted from July 1844 to May 1846 he ran four times and won only one race.
Broad Brush was an American thoroughbred racehorse foaled in Maryland.
A dispute over training methods between Murphy and Hyperno's owners in 1978 led to Bart Cummings taking over as trainer.
He was well supported in the Melbourne Cup, starting favourite, but he finished a disappointing eighth behind Efficient.
In the St Leger he started a 28/1 outsider but won from Glint of Gold and Bustomi with the odds-on Shergar in fourth.
The highlight of the year was a dead heat for second behind Ferdinand in the Grade I Hollywood Gold Cup.
After three successes as a four-year-old in 1835 he was retired to stud where his record was disappointing.
He was retired to stud at the end of the 1982 season and had modest success as a sire of winners.
In 1976 he failed to win in eight starts but ran well in several major races.
He was ridden by Kerrin McEvoy and trained by Saeed bin Suroor for the Godolphin Racing stable.
She did it in what would become her trademark style, coming from the back of the field to win in the homestretch.
As a juvenile, she won her first three races before finishing second in the Spinaway Stakes.
A temperamental filly who was sometimes difficult to train, she is best known for winning the International Stakes in 1998.
As a three-year-old she won the Prix Vanteaux and finished second in the Poule d'Essai des Pouliches but then missed the second half of the season.
As a four-year-old, he was campaigned in England and was unbeaten in three starts.
She was then sent to the United States in November where she recorded a decisive win in the Breeders' Cup Juvenile Fillies Turf.
In 1916, he won eight major races and finished second in the Belmont Stakes.
Legatissimo is a British-bred Irish-trained Thoroughbred racehorse.
Nasram, also known as Nasram II, was an American-bred Thoroughbred race horse and sire who was trained in the United States and France.
She was retired to broodmare duty after her 2001 campaign having won fourteen of twenty-one starts with career earnings of US$2,202,042.
He later became a highly successful sire of winners.
She has had success as a broodmare, producing several good winners.
A specialist stayer, he won eight of his thirty-four races, finished second nine times and third on five occasions.
In a racing career which lasted from February 2007 until January 2014 he won two hurdle races and six steeplechases from forty-seven starts.
At the end of his three-year-old season he has exported to the United States and was trained in California by John Gosden.
He is currently standing at stud in County Kildare.
Owned by Thor Eaton's Eaton Hall Farm, the Eaton family member entrusted her race conditioning to Mike Doyle.
He was one of the earliest Thoroughbred stallions imported into the United States and was a top broodmare sire there.
Came Home got his name after a series of failed attempts in the sales ring; thus, he was always coming home.
She was named the European Champion Three-Year-Old Filly at the 1998 Cartier Racing Awards.
Rocket Bar was a registered Thoroughbred stallion that made his mark on the Quarter Horse racetracks and as a breeding stallion.
In a career that lasted from June 1797 to April 1798 he ran at least twice and won once.
He died in 2002 at the age of twenty-eight.
He was a contender for the Triple Crown in 2006.
She did not win again until October, when she captured an allowance race at Keeneland Race Course.
A sprint race specialist, Prospective Dolly was conditioned for racing by Canadian trainer, Tony Mattine.
His wins included a second defeat of Lieber Karl in the Clark Handicap.
Steady Growth was a Canadian Thoroughbred Champion racehorse.
Vale of York (foaled April 4, 2007 in Ireland is a Thoroughbred racehorse best known for winning the 2009 Breeders' Cup Juvenile.
He was retired in January 2013, having won thirteen of his thirty-three races.
As a two-year-old in 1987 he won two of his first three races before sustaining an injury in the Middle Park Stakes.
Bred in California, the chestnut-colored horse was named for his flashy white markings, called "chrome" by horse aficionados.
At age four she returned to the track and won several good races including events that included her male counterparts.
At the tenth fence, the horse blundered badly and almost lost its complete chance in the race.
Never Too Late was an American-bred, French-trained Thoroughbred racehorse.
He is out of Afdala by King's Theatre.
Unlike many of her near relatives, Tontine made no impact as a broodmare.
Racing at age three, Tasso again made seven starts, ending the season with two wins, two seconds, and two third-place finishes.
Binocular, foaled on March 17, 2004 in France, is a French thoroughbred retired racehorse, born to sire, Enrique and dam Bleu Ciel Et Blanc.
He ran poorly on his three-year-old debut but then won the Diomed Stakes, Prix de la Porte Maillot, Sussex Stakes, Goodwood Mile and Prix du Moulin.
Dixie Commander is an American Thoroughbred racehorse bred by Diamond A Racing Corp.
His winning time of 1:52 4/5 was a world record for a two year old pacer.
Golden Lilac is an Irish-bred, French-trained Thoroughbred racehorse.
As a racehorse, he won one minor race from seven starts.
Near the end of the year, Bertrando returned to compete in the Malibu Stakes, finishing third.
1999 bay or brown colt, Diera Creek by Snaadee
Last Tycoon was an Irish bred Thoroughbred racehorse best known for winning the Breeders' Cup Mile and as a leading sire in Australia.
Frankel's rating was confirmed at 140, but Dancing Brave was reduced from 141 to 138, Alleged from 140 to 134 and Shergar from 140 to 136.
Rachel Alexandra was bred and originally owned by Dolphus Morrison, who named her after his granddaughter.
Honor Glide is an American Thoroughbred racehorse.
Polish Patriot was an American-bred, British-trained Thoroughbred racehorse and sire.
Rockingham was a British Thoroughbred racehorse and sire best known for winning the classic St Leger Stakes in 1833.
My Babu was the sire of Kerala, and therefore one of Napur's grandsires.
Awesome Gem was favored in this race, his 50th at the age of 9.
His British campaign started successfully when he won the Group 2 King's Stand Stakes on 20 June 2006, defeating Benbaun.
He finished unplaced when favourite for the Epsom Derby.
Of his 11 starts, Forestry was in the money 10 times.
Since retiring from racing he has sired Data Link, Declaration of War, Summer Soiree, The Factor and War Command.
Cajun Beat is an American Thoroughbred racehorse best known for winning the 2003 Breeders' Cup Sprint at 25-1.
Racing at age three, Doubledogdare won the Oaks Prep and then ran second by a "hairline" in the Kentucky Oaks.
Kalitan was out of the mare Dally, a daughter of Giganteum.
After her retirement from racing she became a successful broodmare whose descendants won many important races throughout the nineteenth and twentieth centuries.
She was the sixth and most recent filly to win the Derby.
Among others winners, he sired San Antonio Handicap winner Poley [1] and was the damsire of Mom's Command and of Star of Cozzene.
Cleopatra was an American Champion Thoroughbred racehorse.
In a racing career which lasted from October 1974 until October 1976 she won four of her thirteen races and was placed on seven occasions.
He is a descendant of Nearco, and his damsire is U.S.
Racing in 1984 at age two, Acatenango's best finish was a third in the Ratibor-Rennen at Krefeld.
She was bred by Allaire du Pont and raced under her Bohemia Stable banner.
Racing Hall of Fame trainer, William Duke.
War Of Attrition is a retired National Hunt racehorse and winner of the Cheltenham Gold Cup in 2006.
Sixties Icon, is a retired British Thoroughbred racehorse and active sire.
He ran without success as a four-year-old and was retired to stud, where he had some success as a breeding stallion.
Turgeon is an American-bred, French-trained Thoroughbred racehorse an sire.
He was the leading sire in Great Britain and Ireland a record-setting 14 times, including 13 titles in a row.
Sightseek is a retired American Thoroughbred racehorse and current broodmare.
In a racing career which lasted from July 1839 until September 1843 he won nineteen of his thirty-four races.
Meadow Skipper was a Standardbred racehorse and sire.
Mon Fils was a British Thoroughbred racehorse and sire, best known for winning the classic 2000 Guineas in 1973.
Trained by the Hall of Famer Ben A. Jones, as a two-year-old Bewitch won her first eight starts, six of them consecutive stakes races.
Inside Tract, won Jockey Club Gold Cup, 3rd Preakness Stakes, 2nd Belmont Stakes
Sent initially to the Ballylinch Stud at Thomastown in County Kilkenny, Ireland, Sassafras was the sire of the winners over 72 races.
Baguette was an Australian bred Thoroughbred racehorse that was undefeated as a two-year-old and became the first winner of the Two Year Old Triple Crown.
The winter-born gelding is Pleasantly Perfect's first runner.
She was awarded the title of European Champion Two-Year-Old Filly at the 1994 Cartier Racing Awards.
Hartack said Ridan was the best two-year-old he had ever ridden or seen.
On his return to competition, Behrens won again then in July at Belmont Park in Elmont, New York, won the Dwyer Stakes.
As a four-year-old he won the Caulfield Cup.
After mediocre performances in 1950 and '51, Coaltown was retired to stud at Calumet Farm, where he had only limited success as a sire.
Merry Hampton was a British Thoroughbred racehorse and sire.
She was owned by Augustus FitzRoy, 3rd Duke of Grafton.
As a three-year-old competing in the 1971 U.S.
Fairway was a British Thoroughbred racehorse and sire.
He died of a ruptured colon on October 20, 2013 at Winstar Farm in Versailles, Kentucky.
As a two-year-old he won on his debut and was placed in both the Acomb Stakes and the Horris Hill Stakes.
In a racing career which lasted from August 2000 to October 2001 she ran seven times and won two races.
Omaha was a United States Thoroughbred horse racing champion.
He was retired in September, 2014, anticipated to stand at stud at Three Chimneys Farm.
Bold Forbes was a champion thoroughbred racehorse, winner of the 1976 Kentucky Derby and Belmont Stakes.
Alinghi is an Australian Thoroughbred racemare who won four Group One races, including the Newmarket Handicap and A$4,161,740 in prize money.
Bred by Grapestock LLC, he was sold for $725,000 at the Keeneland yearling sale in September 2007.
Regal Embrace did not race as a two-year-old.
However, the National is a race where the higher weights have a dire record.
Il Tempo was a champion New Zealand thoroughbred racehorse, by Time and Again out of Timing.
Frost King is a Canadian Thoroughbred Champion and Hall of Fame racehorse.
Frizzante is a British Thoroughbred racehorse and broodmare.
He remained in training for two further seasons and ran well in several major contests but recorded only one minor win.
He carried heavy weights in 15 consecutive wins that included the Doomben 10,000 while carrying 10 stone 5 pounds.
He won the Greenham Stakes on his debut but ran poorly in his next race and was off the course for three months.
Nihilator was an American champion Standardbred racehorse and was the United States Harness Horse of the Year in 1985.
In 1836 he rebounded from a defeat by Bay Middleton in the 2000 Guineas to win Drawing-room Stakes, Racing Stakes, and Lewes Stakes in the summer.
After a disappointing run in the Washington, D.C. International Stakes he was retired to stud where he had considerable success as a sire of winners.
As a three-year-old she won the Musidora Stakes, and after disappointing in the Epsom Oaks, she returned to win the Nassau Stakes and the Yorkshire Oaks.
Malhub is an American-bred, British-trained Thoroughbred racehorse.
She started her three-year-old season well, winning a listed race.
Entering the 2008-2009 racing season, those involved with Punjabi believed their horse was a contender to win the Triple Crown of Hurdling.
As a two-year-old in 1912 she won twice from four starts.
He was regarded by contemporary experts as one of the best British racehorses of his era.
Tasso is an American Thoroughbred racehorse who was named the Champion two year old of 1985 after winning the Breeders' Cup Juvenile.
Mar-Kell was bred in Kentucky and was raced by Calumet Farm for four years, from age two through five.
He was then retired to stud where he had some success as a sire of winners in both the United Kingdom and the United States.
He is the first horse to win the Hong Kong Vase after winning the Melbourne Cup.
After the breaker rode him the first time, he said, "This huge lump knows where he is putting his feet and has tremendous balance."
This makes Discreetly Mine a half brother to Co-World Champion 3-Year-Old Discreet Cat.
Rosdhu Queen is an Irish-bred, British-trained Thoroughbred racehorse and broodmare.
He ran a great race to lead them up well into the home straight and was by no means the last to cross the finish line.
His racing career was ended by injury shortly afterwards and he was retired to stud.
She was a bay daughter of Royal Step her dam was the unplaced mare, Lambent by Tractor.
In a career which lasted from 1925 to 1928 he ran forty-two times and won eighteen races.
Veandercross was a New Zealand-bred Thoroughbred gelding who won 14 stakes races,, and was chosen Australian Champion Racehorse of the Year for the 1992–93 season.
In 1973 he was unbeaten in three starts including the Racing Post Trophy and was officially rated the best two-year-old in Britain and Ireland.
After winning once from four starts as a two-year-old, she won the Group Three Leopardstown 1,000 Guineas Trial Stakes on her first appearance of 2005.
This race was featured in a scene in the motion picture Seabiscuit.
In that season she was voted American Champion Older Female Horse at the Eclipse Awards.
Bayakoa was a Thoroughbred Champion racehorse bred in Argentina.
His early career was undistinguished but in July 1964 he recorded an upset win over Santa Claus in the King George VI and Queen Elizabeth Stakes.
He was a tall, heavily topped chestnut gelding by the VRC Newmarket Handicap winner Manihi from Markato by Natural Bid.
Jaipur was a son of Nasrullah out of the mare Rare Perfume, whose sire was Eight Thirty.
Affirmed was the last horse to win the Triple Crown for a 37-year period which was ended in 2015 by American Pharoah.
The filly won five times from seven races in a track career which lasted from spring 1944 until June 1945.
Exosphere is a Thoroughbred racehorse trained and bred in Australia.
He was then sent to England and scored the biggest win of his career when winning the Sussex Stakes.
As a yearling, Ring the Bell had been sold for $3,000.
Sam was a British Thoroughbred racehorse and sire.
Purchased for $100,000 at the 1991 Fasig-Tipton Saratoga select yearling sale, Colonial Affair was raced by Centennial Farms.
Jockey Charlie Swan rode him in all of his 29 races over jumps.
Some of her winning efforts included the New England Oaks, New Rochelle Handicap, the Test Stakes, and the Fall Highweight Handicap.
He was not successful as a sire.
He became a highly successful breeding stallion in both Europe and North America.
Searching was inducted into the Hall of Fame in 1978, five years after her death.
He was then retired to stud and became a successful breeding stallion first in France and later in Brazil.
His racing career was ended by injury less than a month later.
Spokane is the only horse foaled and trained in Montana to ever win the Kentucky Derby.
Sir Gallahad was a French Thoroughbred racehorse and a very important Sire in the United States.
After retiring from racing she produced five foals before dying of horse colic at the age of nineteen.
However, King James won the important Tremont Stakes and at age three was a top contender in New York racing.
Blucher had little success as a sire but was an ancestor in the dam's line of the double classic winner Pretender.
The Hawk was an exceptional New Zealand bred Thoroughbred racehorse.
Liam's Map is an American Thoroughbred racehorse.
He was undefeated in five races as a two-year-old in 2007 including the National Stakes and the Dewhurst Stakes.
In the following spring he won the Prix Djebel and then defeated twenty-four opponents in the 2000 Guineas.
Gustavus was exported to Prussia in 1836, at the age of 18.
In a racing career which lasted from 1997 until 2000 he won nine of his fifteen races including four Grade I races.
He raced until the age of six, winning three further races.
Hindus was an American Thoroughbred racehorse is best known for winning the 1900 Preakness Stakes.
Beach Towel was a Standardbred pacer who was named the 1990 American Harness Horse of the Year.
Nasturtium was an American Thoroughbred racehorse that was the top two-year-old colt of 1901.
Bruni, was an Irish-bred, British-trained Thoroughbred racehorse.
[2] Among the successful runners he sired were multiple stakes winners Hash, Requested, Coincidence, Carolyn A., and Double Brandy.
He was bought as a 3 year old by Sir Harold Wernher, Bt.
In 2017 after her return to the racetrack was delayed by injury, she won the Grade I Ogden Phipps after a seven-month layoff.
Holy Roller was gelded at an early age to try to slow down his rapid growth pattern, but it didn't work.
He was injured on his only appearance as a four-year-old and was retired to stud where he had little success as a sire of winners.
He was twice named German Horse of the Year and set an earnings record for a horse trained in Germany.
Unfortunately he was never able to match the ability he showed in 2001 in the remainder of his career.
But, there are a lot of things in this horse that resemble my wife."
King Al Akbar is a New Zealand-bred Hong Kong based racehorse.
A specialist sprinter, she improved from running in minor handicap races to win the Group One July Cup as a five-year-old in 2004.
After her retirement from racing she became a very successful broodmare, producing the 1000 Guineas winner Shadayid and several other good winners.
In 1982, Ten Broeck was inducted in the National Museum of Racing and Hall of Fame.
She was the leading British two-year-old filly in 1834, when she was unbeaten in three races at Newmarket.
She was bred and raced by Ogden Phipps and trained by Roger Laurin.
She was retired from racing having won four of her eleven races and exported to become a broodmare in Japan.
Power is a British-bred, Irish-trained Thoroughbred racehorse.
After less than two years as a stallion in England he sold and exported to Russia.
He was then retired to stud but died a year later.
Trained by Mark Casse, as a two-year-old, Sealy Hill got her first stakes win in the 2006 Glorious Song Stakes.
Mad Play – 1924 Belmont Stakes winner
He retired having won eighteen races and being placed on fifty-three other occasions.
He finished a close third behind Celtic Swing in the Prix du Jockey Club before reversing the form to win the Irish Derby.
He is the first horse trained in Europe to win the race.
She won a record seven Group I races in New Zealand.
He was the leading racehorse in France in 1944 when his wins included the Prix du Jockey Club and the Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe.
Twenty-one months later, the gelding returned to the track, again at Haydock, and came through unscathed.
At age four, he won the 2007 Prix d'Hedouville at Longchamp Racecourse in Paris and late in the year was sent to race in North America.
After his retirement from racing he had some success at stud as a sire of jump racers before his death in 2007.
The filly was bred by Sean Couglan and raced by his wife, Anne.
In three subsequent visits to Australia, however, he finished near the tail of the field in each of his six starts.
His victories included the Epsom Derby and St Leger Stakes.
He came from far back to win over one of the best-ever fields assembled in the Breeders' Cup Classic.
After a successful three-year-old season in 2004, Brass Hat won once in two starts in 2005.
In 2006, the Dunlop team took her back to the USA, where she regained her crown in the Breeders' Cup Filly & Mare Turf.
He reached his peak as a four-year-old when he won the Takarazuka Kinen and a second Arima Kinen.
Racing Hall of Fame in 1996, and who was the Leading sire in Japan for thirteen straight years between 1995 and 2007.
Racing at age three in 1941, he was ridden by future Canadian Racing Hall of Fame jockey Bobby Watson.
Ghanaati is an American-bred, British-trained Thoroughbred racehorse.
Nonetheless, In 1946, the horse breeding association of Laihia purchased Eri-Aaroni to stand at stud for the unpreceded price of two million Finnish marks.
Oedipus was an American Champion Thoroughbred steeplechase racehorse.
As a three-year-old, racing mainly in California, she improved to become arguably the best filly of her generation.
Her silks were black, sporting a white cap, and a single white button below the collar.
Lovely Maria is an American Thoroughbred racehorse.
In 1979 he became the only horse ever have won all four prestigious turf races of the United States.
His most important career win came in the 1979 Cox Plate, which he won by a still-standing record of seven lengths.
As a four-year-old he won the Prix Gontaut-Biron and finished a close second in the Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe.
Sir Slick made an appearance in a substantial 151 races, racing in nine seasons between the ages of 2 and 10.
Salerno was retired to his owner's Hickory Tree Farm in Middleburg, Virginia.
Belle Mahone was still racing at age five in 1919 when she won the Trenton Handicap at Havre de Grace Racetrack in Maryland.
Both Octave and Panty Raid finished behind in the voting to champion Rags to Riches.
The horse, known as Archie, was retired to "Toofrook" in Lawrence, Northern Rivers, NSW.
He was sired by Calumet Farm's Bull Lea, a five-time North American Champion Sire.
His St Leger victory was the only one of his three-year-old season, and was achieved at odds of 50/1.
After retiring from racing she became a successful broodmare, foaling Oaks winner Canterbury Pilgrim and Derby winner Jeddah.
[2] In spite of her strong performances in 1955, High Voltage finished behind stablemate Misty Morn in the balloting for American Champion Three-Year-Old Filly honors.
He was bred by Preston Madden at Hamburg Place Farm in Lexington, Kentucky, and was sold as a yearling to Dorothy and Pam Scharbauer for $500,000.
He suffered his only defeat in New Zealand when finishing second to Sir Slick in the Group 1 Zabeel Classic at Ellerslie on Boxing Day.
He returned as a five-year-old to dead-heat for the Nunthorpe Stakes despite his bridle breaking just after the start.
Alphabet Soup raced in 1997 at age six, his best effort coming in defense of the San Antonio Handicap when he finished second to Gentlemen.
He died in his paddock an Pin Oak on 30 April 2015.
However, his five wins that year earned him the 1992 United States Eclipse Award for Outstanding Male Turf Horse.
Star Pilot was an American thoroughbred race horse.
In the following season he won the International Hurdle and finished third in Champion Hurdle before winning the Aintree Hurdle.
He is a four time Group 1 winner, having earned £2.4m in his racing career.
On the Blood-Horse magazine List of the Top 100 U.S. Racehorses of the 20th Century, he was ranked #6.
She won four of her eight starts before being retired to stud, where she became a successful broodmare.
He made no impact as a breeding stallion.
In July 2014 he was sold and relocated to Drakenstein Stud in South Africa where he currently stands.
Cristobal has raced twice in 2008, finishing third in his last race, the Prix de Reux Listed race at the Deauville Racecourse on August 9.
Ice Water was a Canadian Thoroughbred racehorse.
After her retirement from racing she had success as a dam of winners.
Hill Gail was an American Thoroughbred racehorse.
Ribocco was an American-bred British-trained Thoroughbred racehorse and sire.
The leading American colt of his generation, Hamburg was retrospectively named the American Horse of the Year for 1898.
Radford and Ms R Lawrie of Victoria.
Sent to the track in 2002, four-year-old Win City was winless in seven starts.
Dibidale was an Irish-bred, British-trained Thoroughbred racehorse.
Fame and Glory was an Irish Thoroughbred horse whose wins include the Criterium de Saint-Cloud, Irish Derby, Tattersalls Gold Cup, Coronation Cup and Ascot Gold Cup.
After showing moderate form as a two-year-old he improved to become one of the best colts in England in the early part of 1909.
He was retired to stud where he became highly successful as a breeding stallion in Argentina.
He is out of the dam Nothing Special, by Tejabo.
At age three, she won Canada's most important race for three-year-old fillies, the Woodbine Oaks.
He was unbeaten at ages 2 and 3 and is ranked among the best French horses ever.
Retired to stud duty after racing with minor success as a five-year-old in 1959, Jack Ketch eventually stood in Australia but was not a successful sire.
Appearing ideally suited by the heavy conditions, the horse won by 30 lengths, despite stumbling at the last fence.
He was ranked the world's top sprinter for three seasons.
She then recorded her most important success when defeating male opposition in the 1994 Irish Derby.
Unraced as a two-year-old he won two minor races in the spring before recording his most important success in the Prix du Jockey Club.
Motivator is a retired British Thoroughbred racehorse and active sire.
In a racing career which lasted from May 1796 until September 1799 he won fifteen of his twenty-three races.
Her name has always been rendered without an apostrophe.
Ridden by George Woolf, Vincentive ran the six furlongs in record time for the stake, 1:11 3/5.
Astra was an American Thoroughbred racemare who won four Grade I races on turf.
Rowton was a British-bred Thoroughbred racehorse and sire best known for winning the St Leger Stakes in 1829.
Play On was an American Thoroughbred racehorse who was the son of Stop the Music and grandson to Hail to Reason.
As a broodmare, Inside Information produced the Eclipse Award Champion Three Year Old Filly in 2005, Smuggler.
In that race, the most important of the year, Bertrando broke quickly and took an early lead.
De La Rose was an American Thoroughbred racehorse.
Staveley was a British Thoroughbred racehorse and sire best known for winning the classic St Leger Stakes in 1805.
Curlin was elected to the National Museum of Racing's Hall of Fame in 2014.
Horse Chestnut is a champion thoroughbred racehorse bred in South Africa by Harry F. Oppenheimer at his Mauritzfontein Stud in Kimberley.
On August 19, 2007, he finished second in the 1-1/4-mile Pacific Classic Stakes at Del Mar.
She later had some success as a broodmare, producing several winners.
Retired at age 6, Precisionist proved nearly sterile, siring only four foals in his lifetime.
Under South African trainer Mike de Kock, Asiatic Boy won four straight races between January and March 2007, including a 9½-length victory in the UAE Derby.
Prince John was an American Thoroughbred racehorse called "one of the greatest broodmare sires of all time" by Bloodhorse magazine.
He was noted for a rivalry with another Irish horse, Dorans Pride.
In 1943 Vincentive skipped the Kentucky Derby and prepared for the Preakness Stakes.
Frankel extended his unbeaten record in 2012 by winning the Lockinge Stakes, the Queen Anne Stakes and the Sussex Stakes for a second time.
Lemons Forever is an American Thoroughbred racehorse best known for winning the Grade 1 132nd Kentucky Oaks horse race on May 5, 2006.
After failing to win in 1975 he returned to form in 1976 to win the Abernant Stakes and the Sanyo Stakes.
Little Current was an American Thoroughbred racehorse who won the final two legs of the 1974 U.S.
His dam was Forever, a daughter of two-time American Champion Older Male Horse Ballot.
He was second in the Grade I Whitney Handicap to Commentator.
Pink Star won the Kentucky Derby by two lengths over Zal on a very wet track, with the mud being a fetlock deep in some places.
In three seasons of racing she won five of her thirteen races and twice defeated the outstanding racemare Three Troikas.
Exotic Dancer's final race was the Totesport Bowl at Aintree on Thursday 2 April 2009.
Mad Play was trained by Sam Hildreth and he was ridden by Earl Sande.
She was undefeated in a brief racing career which consisted of two races as a two-year-old in the summer and autumn of 2000.
On 5 March 2011, he won the 136th running of the New Zealand Derby.
Marshua was bred and owned by Mrs. W. Gilroy.
In 1985 she was voted U.S. Champion 3-Yr-Old Filly at the Eclipse Awards.
Papa Clem was sired by Smart Strike, the Leading sire in North America in 2007 and 2008.
Bustino was a British Thoroughbred Champion racehorse and sire.
The Marquis was a British Thoroughbred racehorse.
After a one-mile workout at Saratoga Race Course in preparation for the following weeks Saratoga Special Stakes, Dice suddenly began bleeding from the nostrils and died.
He reverted to sprint distances to record impressive wins in the July Cup and the Nunthorpe Stakes, earning the title of European Champion Sprinter.
General Assembly was out of the mare Exclusive Dancer, daughter of Hall of Fame inductee and American Horse of the Year Native Dancer.
On September 2, 2000, he was euthanized due to infirmities of old age.
Star Standard was a millionaire American Thoroughbred racehorse and successful sire.
Storm Bird, by Northern Dancer, also sired Storm Cat and Summer Squall.
After finishing second in her three remaining races she was retired to stud, where her record as a dam of winners was disappointing.
In winning the AJC Epsom Handicap he established a new Australasian record time.
He was also the ROA All-weather horse of the year 2009.
The three-year-old colt made his next start in the September 15 Super Derby at Louisiana Downs in Bossier City, Louisiana, finishing fourth.
At the end of the season he was retired to stud where he had limited success as a sire of winners.
He came out of retirement in 2013 and raced nineteen times without success before being retired again in 2015.
After showing little worthwhile form as a two-year-old, Airborne improved to become one of the leading three-year-olds in Britain in 1946.
In a career that lasted from 1919 until 1921, Spion Kop ran fourteen times winning two races.
He failed to win in 2005 but returned as a four-year-old to win the Queen Anne Stakes.
He won only once in sixteen subsequent starts and was retired from racing in 2013.
Dream Well was purchased at the Agence Francaise Yearling Sale in Deauville by Jean Louis Bouchard.
Christmas Past was an American Thoroughbred Champion racehorse.
Brought to the United States by his owner, Cristobal was scheduled to run on June 9 in the Belmont Stakes, the third leg of the U.S.
He was trained at Kingsclere by John Porter for the 1st Duke of Westminster.
He was not entered and continued to race in France.
She was retired at the end of the year to become a broodmare.
The two horses met six more times, including in the 1920 Preakness Stakes, with Man o' War victorious every time.
Forbra was a National Hunt racehorse best known for being the winner of the 1932 Grand National steeplechase when relatively unconsidered at 50/1.
He won all eight of the races he contested, including a match race against Craven Stakes winner Firetail.
Bob Back was an American-bred, British-trained Thoroughbred racehorse and sire.
Pop Rock won on his European debut at Galway Racecourse in July 2010.
California Memory is an American-bred Hong Kong based Thoroughbred racehorse.
In Excess was a Thoroughbred racehorse who competed in England and in the United States.
She is best known as the dam of English Triple Crown winner Nijinsky.
However, Godolphin Racing's colt Sakhee won the Arc with Aquarelliste finishing second, six lengths back.
He later became a successful stallion in Germany.
He atood as a breeding stallion in the United States, Ireland, Australia and New Zealand and had some success as a sire of winners.
Holiday was out of the mare Leisure, a daughter of Meddler.
Noble Mission is a British Thoroughbred racehorse.
Bula was a British National Hunt horse who won two Champion Hurdles and many other top races over hurdles and later over fences.
In the following year she was campaigned exclusively at Group One level and emerged as a top-class middle-distance performer and stayer.
West Australian was regarded by contemporary experts as one of the best British horses of the nineteenth century.
Sublimity is an Irish Thoroughbred racehorse whose Flat racing and hurdling career was highlighted in 2007 when he won the Champion Hurdle at the Cheltenham Festival.
As a three-year-old she was even better.
As sire, he had a major influence on pedigrees around the world.
In common English speech an outcast may be anyone who does not fit in with normal society, which can contribute to a sense of isolation.
Its lead-off single, "Please", was a #22 hit on the Billboard Hot Country Songs charts in 2002.
She won four group one races, the 2006 Emirates Stakes, 2007 Queen of the Turf Stakes, 2007 Toorak Handicap and the 2007 Myer Classic.
Levee was a Kentucky thoroughbred foaled in 1953.
Prior to his win in the Melbourne Cup, Kensei ran second in the Group 2 Newcastle Cup and second in the Group 1 Metropolitan at Randwick.
As a three-year-old in 1823 he was undefeated in six starts, including the Derby.
His achievements saw him voted Japanese Champion 3-Year-Old Colt and Japanese Horse of the Year for 2001.
Philip Astley is credited with being the 'father' of the modern circus when he opened the first circus in 1768 in England.
In a racing career which lasted from June 1806 until June 1809 he won six times from ten competitive starts.
Coastal was an American Thoroughbred racehorse best known for winning the 1979 Belmont Stakes.
Neptune Collonges is a retired Thoroughbred racehorse.
He finished second in his four defeats, two of which came when he was matched against the undefeated Bay Middleton.
Triple Crown champion Affirmed and his prime challenger, Alydar.
Maori’s Idol older half-brother Maori Monarch won the Victoria Trotters Derby and the Australasian Trotting Championship.
He also ran second in the 1993 Breeders' Cup Turf to winner Kotashaan.
He returned as a four-year-old to win the Eclipse and ran well in defeat in several other major races.
Mickey Free was an imported stallion, sired by Irish Birdcatcher and out of the mare Annie by Wanderer.
However, he was well-beaten back in fourth behind Jodami.
Some of Horse Chestnut's most notable offspring include Lucifer's Stone, Spanish Chestnut, Smart Enough, and Fete.
L'Enjoleur was retired to stud at the end of the 1975 season with a race record of 15-4-2 in 30 starts.
He returned to racing for three further seasons but was unable to replicate his earlier success.
He excelled both on the track and in the breeding shed.
Eillo was struck with a bout of colic and died at age four following surgery just four weeks after his win in the Breeders' Cup.
Since 1973, Easy Goer is one of only seven horses that have won three consecutive Grade I races longer than 1 1/8 miles on dirt.
Lucky Debonair was an American Thoroughbred racehorse best known for winning the 1965 Kentucky Derby.
The United Kingdom's National Horseracing Museum called The Tetrarch a "phenomenon" and reported that he was voted Britain's two-year-old of his century.
After retiring from racing he became a successful sire.
His victory in the Nunthorpe made Alex Greaves the first woman to ride a Group One winner in Europe.
[1] At age three, Jacola continued to be one of the top fillies racing in the United States and kept winning against male horses.
He won the 1985 Meadowlands Pace by 7 1/4 lengths equalling the world record for a pacer of any age with a time of 1:50 3/5.
His one group one win came in the Grand Prix de Saint-Cloud.
He was retired to stud where he sired the dual Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe winner Treve.
In 1985 he embarked on a thirteen-race winning streak that tied a European record held by Ardross and Brigadier Gerard.
Take A Reef was an Irish-bred, British-trained Thoroughbred racehorse and sire.
He was retired to stud after his four-year-old season and had some success as a sire of winners.
He won the 2000 Guineas, the Irish 2,000 Guineas, the St. James's Palace Stakes and the Sussex Stakes in 2008.
In a career that lasted from spring 1846 to summer 1848 he ran eleven times and won four races.
Noholme was a full brother to the stallions, Todman, Faringdon and Shifnal.
Long and raced under the colors of his Bashford Manor Stable.
Darara was an Irish-bred, French-trained Thoroughbred racehorse and broodmare.
Inside Information was named American Champion Older Female Horse in 1995.
In a career that lasted from autumn 1784 to spring 1786 he ran eight times and won five races.
In 1992, she was sent to a breeding farm in Japan where she died on April 28, 1994.
Opera House is a retired British thoroughbred racehorse and active sire.
Trained by Bart Cummings, she is best known for her win in the 1997 Cox Plate when ridden by Damien Oliver.
He was the fifth since the end of the Second World War to win while carrying exactly 10 stone in weight and began at 100-7.
Spain is an American Thoroughbred racehorse who retired as the most financially successful mare in North American racing history in her time.
Vagrant is related, through his sire, to two other early Kentucky Derby winners, Hindoo and Ben Ali.
These four stallions sired progeny that had earned over $12 million in stakes-money to the end of 1979.
At one stage, she won 16 consecutive races.
Owned and bred by Jim Joel, he was trained by Noel Murless and ridden in most of his races by Sandy Barclay.
She raced three times as a three-year-old in 2008, producing her best effort when a close third in the 1000 Guineas.
Whisker raced until he was a six-year-old, but did not race in 1817.
In all, he won eight times and was placed on a further seven occasions in a career of twenty races.
He won two Group One races; the Dewhurst Stakes in 1993 and the St. James's Palace Stakes in 1994.
At Pimlico Race Course in May he recorded his most important victory when winning the Preakness Stakes by a neck from Correlation.
Bred and raced by Robert Kleberg's King Ranch, Rejected was trained by future U.S.
In the following season he won the Morgiana Hurdle and was regarded as a Champion Hurdle contender before being sidelined by injury.
He is trained by Nick Zito, his jockey is Alan Garcia, and his sire is Tiznow.
In the following year he won the Craven Stakes but then ran very poorly in the 2000 Guineas.
As a three-year-old he was unbeaten in five starts including the Spring St Leger at York and the Great St Leger at Doncaster.
He was also one of the best flat stayers of his era winning major handicap races under weights of up to 140 pounds.
After showing promise as a two-year-old he disappointed in 2014, being well-beaten in all four of his races.
Exterminator was an American Thoroughbred Hall of Fame racehorse the winner of the 1918 Kentucky Derby, and in 1922 won Horse of the Year honors.
Medaglia d'Oro is an American Thoroughbred racehorse who won several major stakes races including the 2002 Travers Stakes and the 2003 Whitney Handicap.
The New Zealand bred Sir Sick raced nationally and internationally performing in New Zealand, Australia, Singapore and Hong Kong.
He was sired by Wavering Monarch out of Carlotta Maria.
Outstandingly was an American Thoroughbred racehorse who was voted an Eclipse Award as the American Champion Two-Year-Old Filly of 1984.
He is notable in that he won both the Auckland Pacing Cup and New Zealand Trotting Cup races, the richest harness races in New Zealand.
She left behind her first foal, a 2012 colt by Giant's Causeway.
Forego was an American Thoroughbred racehorse that won eight Eclipse Awards including Horse of the Year, Champion Handicap Horse and Champion Sprinter.
She was beaten in her two subsequent races before being retired to stud, where she had limited success as a broodmare.
His racing career stretched over nine seasons, during which he won 14 times, five of them Grade I stakes, with earnings of over $4.3 million.
She was one of the best British two-year-old fillies of 1981 when she won two races and finished second in the Cheveley Park Stakes.
In 1967 he was unbeaten in three starts including the Gimcrack Stakes and the Middle Park Stakes and was officially rated the best two-year-old in Britain.
After showing promise as a two-year-old he finished third in the 2000 Guineas the following spring but ran poorly when strongly-fancied for the New Derby.
Most of his stock likes soft ground."
In the March 29 Dubai World Cup, he ran second to winner Curlin.
She is out of Silver Hawk mare Memories Of Silver.
As a three-year-old in 1948, Vulcan's Forge ran in two of the U.S.
King James was an American Thoroughbred racehorse.
Ditto was retired to stud in 1808 and had some success as a sire of winners.
As a 2-year-old, she won the Hopeful Stakes, the National Stallion Stakes, and the Spinaway Stakes under his colors.
Sacred Falls is a champion Thoroughbred racehorse.
Newminster was a British Thoroughbred racehorse who won the St. Leger Stakes in 1851.
He won by 3 1⁄2 lengths over co-favorite Just Ben.
She missed the rest of the season through injury and failed to reproduce her best form in 1977, when she became increasingly temperamental.
On March 28, Endorsement shocked Conveyance in Sunland Derby.
He was foaled in Kentucky and owned by the Labold brothers from Cincinnati, Ohio.
De Francis Memorial Dash, Sunshine Millions Sprint, True North Handicap and Smile Sprint Handicap.
Gohanna was initially referred to as "Brother to Precipitate" during his early racing career until he was officially named in 1795.
At the end of the 1886 season he was retired to stud where he had considerable success in both Italy and Great Britain.
Her training was handled by future U.S.
Tourbillon was a French Thoroughbred racehorse and Champion sire.
He also had a very large heart, about twice the size of the average horse's, according to Dr. Thomas Swerczek, a University of Kentucky veterinary scientist.
During his career he was victorious in sixteen of his nineteen races.
In the following year she was sent to Britain where she won the 1000 Guineas at Newmarket and Oaks at Epsom.
Midshipman also ran in 2009's Breeders' Cup Dirt Mile, where he finished 3rd to the longest shot in the race, Farthest Land.
In a racing career which lasted from June 2011 and June 2012 she won three of her seven races.
In 1990, Fly So Free capped off a successful two-year-old racing campaign with a win in the Breeders' Cup Juvenile.
Collection also was one of the nominees of Hong Kong Horse of the Year in the seasons of 2008–09 and 2009–10.
Riley died on July 1, 1910 at the age of 23 while being cared for by a racehorse rescue association.
Becoming his favourite, Copenhagen was the Duke's mount in the Battle of Waterloo.
In 1999 he showed winning form over sprint distances in Japan before being sent to France where he won the Prix de l'Abbaye in October.
He was one of the leading American two-year-olds of 1949, alongside Oil Capitol and Middleground.
When asked about The French Furze, trainer Nicky Richards said: He has been a pleasure to train, but age has caught up with him.
Early in 1985 a 30 percent interest in Nihilator was sold for $5.76m to Almahurst Farm.
Sun Princess, was an Irish-bred British-trained Thoroughbred racehorse and Broodmare.
Allen Paulson purchased Estrapade for $4.5-million at the November 1985 Keeneland breeding stock sale.
His dam is a half-sister to the Group One winners Hurricane Sky and Umatilla), and later produced the Group One winners Platinum Scissors and Manhattan Rain.
After finishing unplaced on his only run a two-year-old in 1945, he was an emphatic winner of the 2000 Guineas on his first appearance of 1946.
Bred by Andre Schwob, his dam was Advertencia, a daughter of two-time Arc winner, Ksar.
Trained by John H. Morris, Azra's regular jockey was Alonzo Clayton.
She won the 2008 Breeders' Cup Filly & Mare Turf at Santa Anita Park and was voted American Champion Female Turf Horse honors.
True Metropolitan is a Thoroughbred racehorse who has been voted Canada's Champion Older Male Horse in 2006 and 2007.
As a breeding stallion he stood in England, Ireland, and the United States and had great success in each location.
Westburn Grant returned from injury with a track record win at Newcastle.
In the fall of 2001, Boston Harbor was sent to breeders in Japan and is standing at the renowned Shizunai Stallion Station in Hokkaidō.
Ten Broeck raced once at age two, finishing third in a race for two-year-old colts at Lexington, Kentucky.
He never finished out of the money in his racing career; along with his nine wins, he finished second twice and third twice.
He had shown no signs of illness or injury prior to his death.
In a racing career which lasted from October 2000 until October 2001 he ran eight times and won six races.
Pounced is a Breeders' Cup Juvenile Turf-winning thoroughbred racehorse owned by Lady Rothschild.
He retired with a record of four wins from twelve starts in five different countries.
Bred, trained and raced in Yorkshire she won two of her three races as a two-year-old in 1812.
"She's A Machine" and the "Equal of modern day Hall of Fame mare Sunline"
Her regular rider in New Zealand was Gavin McKeon.
He was owned by Paul Smith and trained during his racing career by Roger Varian.
She failed to reproduce her best form on her only start in 1975 and was retired to stud, where she had some success as a broodmare.
Mr. Prospector began his stallion career in Florida as a regional sire.
Cahill Road - won Wood Memorial Stakes.
He died unexpectedly on December 3, 2015 due to complications of colic.
Pewett was a British Thoroughbred racehorse and broodmare best known for winning the classic St Leger Stakes in 1789.
The jockey received no serious injuries in the incident.
In a career that lasted from March 2002 until April 2009, he ran thirty-five times and won 15 races, ten of them at Grade I level.
His descendants have dominated the United States Triple Crown of Thoroughbred Racing for several decades and his impact on Thoroughbred bloodlines is felt worldwide.
He was then shipped to the United States, but did not race in the Kentucky Derby or any other Triple Crown races.
His dam, Florence, was by the great racehorse and sire Lexington.
Silver Lad was a Thoroughbred racehorse and sire who won the New Zealand Derby in 1976.
Ridden by Claudius Lalanne, as a three-year-old Banassa won the Prix Cleopatre and was second in the French Classic, the Prix de Diane.
As a juvenile he finished second in a well-contested minor event on his debut and was then narrowly beaten in the Criterium de Saint-Cloud.
Sent to compete in late October's Breeders' Cup Sprint at Santa Anita Park in California, Fatal Bullet finished second to Midnight Lute in stakes record time.
A month later she started a short-priced favourite for the Epsom Oaks but finished sixth behind Moonshell.
Horse Chestnut was raced by Oppenheimer and his wife, Bridget.
Cara was a British Thoroughbred racehorse and broodmare who won the classic 1000 Guineas at Newmarket Racecourse in 1839.
He was later a leading sire in Great Britain & Ireland and a Leading broodmare sire in GB & Ireland.
After winning his only race as a two-year-old he won two of his five races including the Scottish Derby and St Simon Stakes in 1981.
Cremorne was British Thoroughbred racehorse and sire.
In 2011, the seven-year-old gelding is still racing and won the March 26 Pan American Stakes at Gulfstream Park in Hallandale Beach, Florida.
Gatum Gatum was an Australian Thoroughbred racehorse who won the 1963 Melbourne Cup.
Sendawar was an Irish bred, French trained racehorse, who is an active National Hunt Stallion.
In a racing career which lasted from May 1986 until July 1987 she won five of her eight races.
A rare combination of stamina and speed, "Researcher is every horseman's dream..."—a "push button" horse [3], known for his adaptability.
Put into training with Steve Asmussen, she raced twice and retired due to injury, then became a broodmare for Zayat stables.
Galtee More was an Irish-bred, British-trained Thoroughbred racehorse and sire.
Paul Jones was an American Thoroughbred racehorse that was the sixth gelding to win the Kentucky Derby.
He would go on to have a more successful career than the horse who beat him, who would not win any of his three subsequent races.
On 15 March 2011, Hurricane Fly ridden by Ruby Walsh won the Champion Hurdle at Cheltenham.
She raced briefly at age four and was retired from racing in 1911.
Then he headed to Fairgrounds, to race in the New Orleans Handicap, where he once again finished fourth.
Her maternal pedigree was not recorded and she did not race under the name "Allabaculia", with the title bestowed on her at a much later date.
In 2008, he had the highest earnings by a pacer in a single season of $2,448,003.
Owned and bred by Sheikh Mohammed's Godolphin Racing, he was by the dual Group One winner Machiavellian, a son of Mr. Prospector.
She was beaten in her three remaining races, finishing second in the Yorkshire Oaks and fourth in both the Prix Vermeille and the Champion Stakes.
After the perfect start to his career, things went slightly wrong in his Derby campaign.
He stood at stud in Germany and France.
Her breeder and owner was Ed Corrigan who raced out of the old Washington Park Race Track in Chicago, Illinois.
In 1955, he was sold to Haras de Jardy in Marnes-la-Coquette, France where he died at the age of 20 in 1965.
Habibti was unbeaten as a two-year-old, winning the Group Two Lowther Stakes in England and the Moyglare Stud Stakes in Ireland.
He raced in seven different countries in a career which lasted from 1989 to 1993.
One Man was an Irish-bred National Hunt steeplechase racehorse sired by Remainder Man out of the mare Steal On.
Trained by Hall of Fame inductee Richard Mandella, Afternoon Deelites won several Graded stakes races including two Grade 1 events.
Racing Hall of Fame inductee Man o' War.
Warrior is a thoroughbred race horse who was a Kentucky Derby contender in 2006 and Grade II winner on both dirt and turf.
His wins included 14 Principal Races and he retired to become a good sire.
Dehere was an American Champion Thoroughbred racehorse.
Moonlight Cloud is a British-bred, French-trained Thoroughbred racehorse who has won the Prix Maurice de Gheest three times and the Prix du Moulin de Longchamp.
From the summer of 1832, few owners were willing to try their horses against her and she won several prizes by walkover or forfeit.
He was beaten in his three remaining races and was retired to stud, where he had some success as a sire of winners.
Peteski was owned and raced by American businessman and future United States Ambassador to Finland Earle I. Mack.
Her preferred style of running is generally that of a front runner or a stalker, though she occasionally competed from off of the pace.
Travelling Victor was a Canadian Thoroughbred Champion racehorse bred by Russell and Lois Bennett at their Flying Horse Farm in Westbank, British Columbia.
Egyptian Ra also is one of the nominees of Hong Kong Horse of the Year.
He remained in training 1993 but never raced again and did not stand as a breeding stallion.
Marcus Daly bought him in 1891 for $2,500.
Go For Wand was a champion American thoroughbred racehorse.
San San was an American-bred Thoroughbred Champion racehorse in France.
Amiable was a British Thoroughbred racehorse that won the 1894 Epsom Oaks and 1,000 Guineas Stakes despite having severe stringhalt in both hind limbs.
She was less successful at five but did record an upset victory over Grundy to take a second Benson and Hedges Gold Cup.
Plaudit was from Cinderella who was also the mare of Hastings, the 1896 Belmont Stakes winner and Leading sire in North America in 1902 and 1908.
The Darley Arabian sired the undefeated Flying Childers.
In memorial of the horse, a new steeplechase first run at Fairyhouse Racecourse in February 2003 has been named after him.
Both her grandsire and damsire were elected to the U.S.
The horse was nicknamed 'Gorgeous George' by his followers.
Retired to stud duty, Lido Palace began his stallion career at Lambholm South near Ocala, Florida.
He is owned by Mrs John Magnier and was trained by Aidan O'Brien.
Casual Look was trained by Andrew Balding and ridden by Martin Dwyer in all her starts in Europe.
All betting money on the horse, who was the 4/5 favorite, was refunded.
Blue Peter was an American Thoroughbred Champion racehorse.
However the horse finished second in both King George VI Chase and Cheltenham Gold Cup both times behind Kauto Star.
He was owned by Ronnie Bartlett and trained by Nicky Henderson.
Although he only raced eleven times in his career, his performances earned him the highest accolades from horse racing publications.
Harbinger is a retired thoroughbred racehorse best known for winning the King George VI and Queen Elizabeth Stakes in 2010.
He won the Preston Gold Cup on a record seven consecutive occasions, as well as five Lancaster Gold Cups and five Richmond Gold Cups.
Johar was an American Thoroughbred racehorse best known for winning the 2003 Breeders' Cup Turf in a dead-heat with High Chaparral.
He won nine of his thirteen races in a racing career which lasted from October 1836 until October 1838.
That win, however, came in the Epsom Derby, where his ability to handle soft ground proved to be decisive.
As of 24 November 2007, Snow White earned $1,251,151 and had a mark of 1:52.4, a world record for two-year-old trotters, regardless of sex.
My Flag was euthanized April 12, 2014, at age of 21, due to foaling complications for her bay colt by Bernardini.
He was purchased as a yearling by Calumet Farm's Warren Wright, Sr. and sent to race at age two under trainer Frank J. Kearns.
In the following year she won the Group Three Prix de la Grotte and was thereafter campaigned exclusively in Group One/ Grade I company.
Regal Embrace was a Canadian Thoroughbred racehorse.
For the character from Hoffman's story, see The Nutcracker and the Mouse King.
As a four-year-old, Megahertz won the Santa Barbara Handicap and her first Grade I event, the John C. Mabee Handicap.
Later in the year he finished second in the St Leger.
Simmons, who trained him for steeple chasing.
Topsider stood his entire career at Claiborne Farm and died there on October 18, 1992 as a result of a hernia in his diaphragm.
As a two-year-old he finished second on his debut but won his three remaining races including the Group Three Sirenia Stakes.
Performances developed significantly through the next fifty years, with large-scale theatrical battle reenactments becoming a significant feature.
Out of the Sir Cat mare Stormy Sunday, he is sired by Tapit.
He made a winning debut for him in a Novices' Hurdle in October 1997 and followed that up with another victory at Cheltenham in November.
Remember Rose is an Irish racehorse, by Insatiable out of Couture Rose, bred and owned by Ernst Iten and trained by Jean-Paul Gallorini.
He is most notable for his achievements as a three-year-old in 1964 when he won the Irish 2,000 Guineas, the Epsom Derby and the Irish Derby.
He is most famous for defeating the champion gelding Kelso and champion colt Carry Back in three of their four meetings.
Rockhill Native did not run the 1980 Preakness Stakes, ran fifth in the Kentucky Derby and third in the Belmont Stakes.
Although he won several major stakes races, he is best known for finishing second in both the 2006 Kentucky Derby and Belmont Stakes.
He stands at stud at Shadai Stallion Station on the island of Hokkaido in Japan.
Risen Star, was an American champion thoroughbred race horse which won the Preakness Stakes and Belmont Stakes in 1988.
His damsire, Rheingold, won the 1973 Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe.
Mucho Macho Man was ridden in races by several top jockeys, including Rajiv Maragh, Ramon Dominguez, Mike Smith, Edgar Prado and Gary Stevens.
Dr Fong was sent to race in the United States but failed to reproduce his best form and did not win again.
He was the ninth horse worldwide to win one million dollars,.
In a career that lasted from 1915 until 1917 she ran seven times and won four races.
She was sold at the November 2006 Fasig-Tipton broodmare sale for $3.3 million to WinStar Farm of Versailles, Kentucky.
He was then dropped down to 2 miles at the Cheltenham Festival and finished 8th of 11 behind Moscow Flyer in the Queen Mother Champion Chase.
He also is one of the nominees of Hong Kong Horse of the Year.
Fleet Indian is an American Champion Thoroughbred racehorse.
In her next to last career start, she ran third to winner Manila in the 1986 Breeders' Cup Turf.
Malicious was a closer who often came from far back to win.
Mr. Prospector was a Thoroughbred racehorse who became an outstanding breeding stallion and notable sire of sires.
Stone Street was bred by noted horseman James Ben Ali Haggin, who had won the Derby in 1886 with his entry Ben Ali.
In 2007 Thor's Echo was sold to Sheikh Rashid, the eldest son of the very prominent owner/breeder, Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum of Dubai.
Blind Luck is an American Thoroughbred racehorse.
Owington was a British Thoroughbred racehorse and sire.
In a career that lasted from 1896 to 1897 he ran thirteen times and won eleven races.
Before being retired to broodmare duty, Sacahuista raced three times at age four.
He is owned and trained by Steve Miyadi.
Racing Hall of Fame inductee Ben Jones, as a four-year-old, Mar-Kell was named American Champion Older Female Horse honors.
He finished his two-year-old season with $284,500 in earnings.
He was inducted into the Canadian Horse Racing Hall of Fame in 1986.
In the following year she won the 1000 Guineas and finished second in the Oaks Stakes.
More Joyous is an outstanding Australian trained and New Zealand bred Thoroughbred racemare, trained by Gai Waterhouse, who has won eight Group 1 races.
Whisk Broom showed high class form during four seasons of racing in Europe, but produced his best performances when returning to America in 1913.
He made a spectacular move halfway down the back stretch, sweeping to the lead.
Shaftesbury Avenue won 13 of his 28 starts and broke down at Royal Randwick, in 1994, while being prepared for a return to racing.
Lorenzaccio was a British Thoroughbred racehorse and sire.
She was even more successful in her second season, winning four races including the Fair Grounds Oaks, Kentucky Oaks, Delaware Oaks and Alabama Stakes.
Tippity Witchet was an American Thoroughbred racehorse, noted for his durability and consistency in a career which lasted from 1917 until 1929.
Nyquist is a retired American Thoroughbred racehorse, winner of the 2016 Kentucky Derby.
The previous filly to win the St Leger Stakes was User Friendly in 1992.
Piping Lane was owned by Mr. R.E.
Known Fact was a Kentucky-bred British-trained racehorse and sire.
Won the 2010 Eclipse Award "American Champion Sprint Horse" Votes: Big Drama, 170; Majesticperfection, 61; Discreetly Mine, 4
Upon the death of Danzig Connection in 2010, he became the last living thoroughbred to win a Triple Crown race during the decade of the 1980s.
Bred by Willie Morrissey, Willie the Kid got his owner's nickname.
He was also trained by Larry Jones for part of his career.
His controversial time in the Preakness Stakes was eventually recognized as a stakes record in 2012.
Daryakana is a retired French Thoroughbred racehorse.
The name Boobyjo was created by joining Bobby's name with that of his wife Jo.
His owner, Malcolm Reid had bred the 1945 Melbourne Cup winner Rainbird but had sold her as a filly to his brother Clifford.
Vice Regent was a Canadian Hall of Fame Thoroughbred racehorse and Canada’s leading sire for thirteen years.
Nimbus was a French Thoroughbred racehorse whose damsire was the 1899 British Triple Crown Champion, Flying Fox.
Motivation was a Thoroughbred racehorse best known for winning the 1993 Hong Kong Invitational Cup.
He won two races as a two-year-old in 1990 before developing into a top-class sprinter in the following year.
He then ran 2nd in the 100k Big Cap to Top Row and saw his form tail off.
She ran as the odds-on favorite in a 1 1⁄16-mile allowance race at Oak Tree's Santa Anita meet on October 4, 2007.
The chestnut gelding has recently risen to become a major stakes contender on the main track in the Southern California racing circuit.
Biscay was a brilliant two-year-old Thoroughbred racehorse that was bred in Australia in 1965 and who easily won the Maribyrnong Plate by eight lengths.
| awards= [[top 20 precent in 2004 regional math test
Corn Off The Cob - won Arlington Classic
The Dewhurst was his only success in a career of seven races which lasted from August 1985 until April 1987.
He remained in training for two more seasons, recording his best subsequent victory in the 1996 Mile Championship.
Cloonlara made a highly-promising start to her breeding career before dying at the age of seven in 1981.
His performances earned him 1980 California Horse of the Year honors.
Sired by Saint Ballado out of the dam Quiet Dance, by Quiet American, Saint Liam was unraced as a two-year-old.
After her retirement from racing she had some success as a broodmare.
Numbersixvalverde won his big races in the colours of owner, Bernard Caroll, who named the horse after his holiday home in the Algarve.
Straight Deal was a British Thoroughbred racehorse and sire.
The colt gave owner John Franks his first ever Breeders' Cup winner when jockey Jerry Bailey rode him to victory in the Breeders' Cup Juvenile.
He won races over distances ranging from five furlongs to two and a half miles, but was especially effective over extended distances.
She won four of her first seven outings.
Retired to stud duty, Brocco currently stands at Lex Stud in Japan and Durham Lodge in Australia.
Unraced as a juvenile he began his racing career as a three-year-old in 2001.
Pan Zareta, was a chestnut Thoroughbred racehorse born in the United States in 1910.
Zarkandar is an Irish-bred, British-trained Thoroughbred racehorse who competes in National Hunt races.
Palace Episode is an American-bred Thoroughbred racehorse and sire.
He won the first running of the Eclipse Stakes, the most valuable race in Britain.
Master Charlie was a championship thoroughbred American race horse born in Great Britain in 1922, from the line of the famed New Zealand horse Carbine
He was sent to stand at stud in Japan.
Silent Witness is by El Moxie out of Jade Tiara by Bureaucracy.
After losing his unbeaten record in the Grand Prix de Paris he won the Prix Niel before running poorly in the Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe.
He died in 1979 at the age of nine.
She won seven G1 races in Japan and is the highest earning racemare in Thoroughbred history.
Cottage Rake was a successful National Hunt racehorse.
Foaled in England, Plucky Liege was bred by Lord Michelham.
The rest of his career was a disappointment as he won only one race in the next two seasons.
As a juvenile she showed very good form, winning three of her five races including a victory over male opposition in the Mill Reef Stakes.
She is a bay mare sired by Redoute's Choice out of Forest Pearl, who was a daughter of the Epsom Oaks winner Moonshell.
A bay colt by McGee out of Algie M. by Hanover, he was trained by T.P.
He was the second horse, after Bold Arrangement in 1986, to run in both the Kentucky Derby and the Epsom Derby.
She is trained by Aidan O'Brien and owned by Derrick Smith, Susan Magnier and Michael Tabor.
Watt in Westchester County in 1908 as a stallion for the breeding bureau.
The Bug was an Irish-bred Thoroughbred racehorse and sire.
Celtic Cone loved soft ground, as did many of his progeny.
Zonda is a retired New Zealand Thoroughbred racehorse who won the New Zealand Derby in 1997.
Peeress was retired to stud in 2007 and has made a successful start as a broodmare.
He was brought down by a protester in the 1913 Ascot Gold Cup.
In 1958, Jack Ketch was sold to American Allie E. Reuben who raced under the name of Hasty House Farm.
Tie the Knot was an Australian-bred Thoroughbred racehorse who won 13 Group One races.
Tidal Bay is an Irish bred Bay gelding Thoroughbred race horse foaled on 12 May 2001.
She made no impact as a broodmare.
As a sire he produced 175 winners who won a total of 75,901 pounds.
She was owned by New York City art dealer Arno D. Schefler who bought her as a weanling from breeder Preston W. Madden.
Danehill was a Thoroughbred racehorse who was bred in the United States.
In 1947 Imperatrice was purchased by Christopher Chenery's Meadow Stud.
In all, he achieved four wins and seven places in a twelve race career which lasted from April 1985 until September 1986.
On October 3, 2009, Awesome Gem won the Grade 2 Hawthorne Gold Cup Handicap at the age of 6.
Despite dying at age nine, Omnium's successful progeny made him the leading sire in France in 1902.
He had a brief but successful stud career before his death at the age of seven.
He was one of the first crop of foals by the influential sire Sadler's Wells.
Chance Shot – 1927 Belmont Stakes winner; sire of Belmont Stakes winner Peace Chance
He was first in the 1979 Hopeful Stakes, but was disqualified and pushed to sixth place for interference.
Daiwa Scarlet is a Japanese racehorse which won the 2007 Oka Sho, Shūka Sho, Queen Elizabeth II Commemorative Cup and the 2008 Arima Kinen.
Summing was an American thoroughbred racehorse and sire.
He was one of the leading European two-year-olds of 2004, when he was unbeaten in three races including the Middle Park Stakes.
In November 1949 at Flemington Racecourse, Foxzami won the Melbourne Cup.
His wins included the Kikuka Sho, Arima Kinen, Takarazuka Kinen, Hanshin Daishoten and Tenno Sho.
In the following year he recorded his most important victory when he defeated The Minstrel in the 2000 Guineas at Newmarket.
He failed to display his best form in four subsequent races and was retired in August 1998.
Pleasant Colony was an American Thoroughbred racehorse who won the first two legs of the 1981 American Triple Crown: the Kentucky Derby and the Preakness Stakes.
He never came close to defeat in his twenty wins which were all by a margin of at least one length.
Intikhab was an American-bred racehorse who was trained in both the United Kingdom and Dubai.
Bella Paola was a French Thoroughbred racehorse who won several major races in France and Britain including the classic 1,000 Guineas and Epsom Oaks in 1957.
Grey Classic was a Canadian Thoroughbred Champion racehorse.
Olympic Glory is an Irish-bred, British-trained Thoroughbred racehorse.
He is best known for his win in the 1956 Epsom Derby.
Blushing John is a millionaire Thoroughbred racehorse who competed in France and in the United States.
Racing Hall of Fame trainer Sunny Jim Fitzsimmons.
Unraced as a two-year-old, Chanteur won the Prix Hocquart in 1945 and the Prix Jean Prat in 1946.
He was also notable for his rivalry with another English colt St. Frusquin, who inflicted his only two defeats.
After the Derby, Animal Kingdom finished second in the Preakness Stakes and sixth in the Belmont Stakes before his career was disrupted by injury.
He never won at Cheltenham, but ran in four consecutive renewals of the Champion Hurdle, finishing fifth, third, sixth and eleventh.
This led to him being crowned Horse of the Year in New Zealand.
Johar - won G1 Hollywood Derby, G1 Breeders' Cup Turf; career earnings $1,494,496
Hampton was a British Thoroughbred racehorse and Champion sire.
Racing in 1993 for his owner in California, the two-year-old Brocco won his first two races.
His stud career and Milton Sanford's Elmendorf Farm was started by accident when Virgil was allowed to stand in for Sanford's regular stallion, Glenelg.
The 2004 World Thoroughbred Racehorse Rankings rated the two fillies equal.
His other wins included the Phoenix Champion Stakes, Grosser Preis von Baden, Princess of Wales's Stakes, Furstenberg Rennen and Welsh Derby.
He retired with career earnings of $5,490,187, much of this money coming from his win in the 2005 Dubai World Cup.
Great Communicator is an American Thoroughbred racehorse best known for winning the 1988 Breeders' Cup Turf.
Eight Thirty was a descendant of Fair Play, who had been purchased from the estate of August Belmont, Jr. by Widener's uncle, Joseph E. Widener.
Octavian died in 1833 at the age of twenty-six.
In 1796 he won a race at Newmarket and then defeated ten opponents, including his more fancied stable companion to win the Epsom Derby.
Persian Punch died on 28 April 2004, when he collapsed at the end of the Sagaro Stakes at Ascot.
He adjusted her shoes and discovered she could run quite well with the fixes.
After being beaten in his three remaining races he was retired from racing at the end of 2006.
She had a record of 5 wins in 9 lifetime starts.
Returning to California, he won the inaugural running of the Hollywood Turf Cup Stakes at Hollywood Park Racetrack over John Henry who was fourth.
Look Here never won another race, but finished third in the St Leger Stakes, Coronation Cup and Pretty Polly Stakes.
Ridden by Hiroshi Kawachi, Agnes Flight won Tokyo Yushun.
At the end of the year she was the highest-rated female racehorse trained in Europe.
Waxy's dam, Maria, was sired by the influential stallion Herod and produced one full-brother to Waxy, who was named Worthy.
Cremorne was regarded by contemporary authorities as one of the best horses of his era in England.
Nereide was an undefeated Thoroughbred racemare that won the 1936 German Derby and the 1936 German Oaks.
His sire was the successful sprint horse Phone Trick, who retired with a record of nine wins and a second in ten career starts.
Beauty Flash is a Hong Kong based Thoroughbred racehorse.
Sir Huon also won the 1906 Cincinnati Queen City Handicap, Seagate Stakes, Harold Handicap and Commonwealth Stakes.
Sired by Ballybrit, a descendant of the British champion Polymelus, he was out of the mare Pur Sang who was from the British Hyperion line.
Premonition was a British Thoroughbred racehorse and sire.
Kitten's Joy is a Thoroughbred racehorse who was a multiple graded stakes winner and the American Champion Turf Horse of 2004.
He was widely regarded as the best older male racehorse in Europe in 1983.
His lifetime race record was 9 wins out of 13 starts with 3 second places, earning $3,968,500.
On May 27, 1918, Donerail reappeared on the turf in New York, where he was eased and dropped out of competition in a mile-long race.
In a racing career which lasted from April 1993 and May 2001, he won twenty of his fifty-four races and was placed on sixteen occasions.
Fenian was bred in 1866 by August Belmont and was a chestnut stallion.
His sufferings were far more a matter of regret to me than could have been any pecuniary loss I experienced by the disabling of the colt.
Fashion designers work in a number of ways in designing clothing and accessories such as bracelets and necklace.
On the day before the Belmont Stakes, he was scratched due to tendonitis, ending his chances of winning the Triple Crown, and retired from racing.
She was retired in 1884 and became a successful and influential broodmare.
He came back as a seven-year-old but failed to recapture his best form, and was officially retired in November 2009.
She lost her unbeaten record when finishing unplaced in the July Cup and never raced again.
Donau was known for his often temperamental and difficult personality, which led to him being gelded at the end of 1910.
A subsequent enquiry was held and the horse was disqualified.
Pot O'Luck was an American Thoroughbred racehorse bred and raced by the renowned Calumet Farm of Lexington, Kentucky.
He was retired to stud at the end of 1982 and had moderate success as a sire of winners.
At the end of his racing career he was retired to stud and sired some good steeplechasers.
From 2011 through 2015, he stood at Harris Farms in Coalinga, California.
His most notable success was winning the 2000 Grand National.
Black Tarquin was an American-bred, British-trained racehorse and sire, best known for winning the St. Leger Stakes in 1948 and for his rivalry with Alycidon.
Shackleford is a retired chestnut Thoroughbred race horse who won the 2011 Preakness Stakes.
He became the first horse to win the sprint title in successive years since Great Above's dam, Ta Wee, in 1969-70.
Cue Card is a British Thoroughbred racehorse.
He won two further races in 1807 before being retired to stud in Yorkshire.
In a racing career which lasted from September 2008 and October 2009 she ran six times and won three races.
A winterbook favorite for the Queen's Plate, two days before the race he had to be scratched due to an infection in his pastern.
Quoted by legendary NZ Jockey Bob Skelton-
Boucher, was an American-bred, Irish-trained Thoroughbred racehorse and sire.
Licensed to Ridgeville, South Carolina, USA, it serves the Charleston SC area.
She was undefeated in three races as a juvenile in 2003 when she was one of the best two-year-old fillies of her generation in Britain.
Big Drama is a dark bay thoroughbred racing colt bt leading sire Montbrook and out of dam Riveting Drama.
The Flying Dutchman was an English Thoroughbred racehorse and sire.
He achieved an unmatched historic treble when he won the Grand National in 1973, 1974 and 1977, and also came second in the two intervening years.
In 2000 he became the first Hong Kong horse to win a Grade One race abroad when he won the Yasuda Kinen in Japan.
St Lite was retired to stud in 1942.
He is commemorated by a statue in the Curragh Racecourse.
She was retired after finishing second to the American Horse of the Year Azeri in the Breeders' Cup Distaff.
Pierre founded the Rancocas Stable in New Jersey named after the New Jersey town where he owned a country manor.
After winning the Craven Stakes on his three-year-old debut he came to be regarded as a leading contender for the 2000 Guineas and Epsom Derby.
After being moved to the United Arab Emirates he recorded his most important success when he won the Dubai World Cup on 31 March 2012.
Roving Boy was an American Champion Thoroughbred racehorse.
His only defeat came when he finished second to the European Champion Two-Year-Old Colt Dawn Approach.
He was retired from racing for a brief stud career, but had little success as a sire of winners.
Bondi Beach is an Irish Thoroughbred racehorse.
Racing Hall of Fame inductee, D. Wayne Lukas.
Turn-To was a British-bred, American-trained Thoroughbred racehorse and sire.
Divine Silver, multi-millionaire multiple stakes winner in Japan
Sky Classic was inducted in the Canadian Horse Racing Hall of Fame in 1998.
He is the only Kansas-bred winner of the Kentucky Derby and the first Kentucky Derby winner ridden by the great jockey Eddie Arcaro.
He is best known for winning the 2001 Kentucky Derby in the second fastest winning time in the race's history.
Her breeder was only interested in her as a broodmare, and approached her trainer, Neville Begg, to recommend someone who would lease her for racing purposes.
Handsome Sailor wws a British Thoroughbred racehorse and sire.
Depth Charge was a Thoroughbred son of Bold Venture who went on to become an outstanding sire of American Quarter Horse racehorses.
Rose of Kingston was retired from stud duties in 2000 and lived at Kingston Park until her death in June 2002.
He showed little promise as a two-year-old, but developed into a leading colt the following year, when his wins included the 1878 Epsom Derby.
Upset was owned by Harry Payne Whitney.
Pearl Cap was a French champion Thoroughbred racehorse who is considered one of her country's greatest racing fillies.
Shamus Award was sired by Snitzel out of Sunset Express and is trained by Danny O'Brien.
Flying Water was a French Thoroughbred racehorse.
Cairn Rouge was an Irish Thoroughbred racehorse and broodmare.
Surplice had limited success as a sire of winners and died in 1871.
His progeny included Landscape, Pastille and Whizgig.
At the end of her racing career she was sold for 2,000,000 guineas and retired to stud.
He was retired to stud in 1996 but died later that year.
Racing Hall of Fame inductee, Buddy Hirsch.
He was bred by George Lee and foaled in 1863 at Leeholme, near Bathurst, New South Wales.
Eye of the Leopard is a Canadian thoroughbred racehorse who, on June 21, 2009, won Canada's most prestigious race, the Queen's Plate.
The gelding took the lead in the closing stages and won by three lengths from Old Tay Bridge.
He stood for seven years for his breeder, Charles Bunbury, and spent the remainder of his stud career in Surrey and Suffolk.
Venetian Way was an American Thoroughbred racehorse best known for winning the 1960 Kentucky Derby.
Potoooooooo or variations of Pot-8-Os was a famous 18th-century Thoroughbred racehorse who won over 30 races and defeated some of the greatest racehorses of the time.
The horse won the race by 2 ¼ lengths providing Tommy Smith with just his second Melbourne Cup.
Sanglamore was an American-bred, British-trained Thoroughbred racehorse and sire.
Invincible Spirit is an Irish-bred, British-trained Thoroughbred racehorse.
He was retired to stud after a defeat in the Waterford Crystal Mile but had little success as a breeding stallion.
He was euthanized by lethal injection on Sunday, April 23, 2006 after his condition rapidly deteriorated.
Miesque was a champion Thoroughbred racemare, best known as the first horse to win two consecutive Breeders' Cups and racing awards in Europe and America.
After being retired from racing she became a successful broodmare.
His biggest win came as a four-year-old in 1998 when he won the Sussex Stakes.
She was the dam of Somethingroyal and 2nd dam of U.S.
He also won twice at Group 2 level and once at Group 3 level between 2009 and 2010.
He emerged as a top-class performer as a four-year-old in 2013, winning the Sapphire Stakes, Phoenix Sprint Stakes and British Champions Sprint Stakes.
Among Boston Harbor's notable progeny is the millionaire colt, Cafe Bostonian, and the multiple stakes winning millionaire filly, Healthy Addiction.
His progeny earned him 17 official Leading Australasian sire premierships, plus nine broodmare sire titles.
He said, "There have always been little things that bothered her, so I just didn't want to press her anymore.
He recorded his first major win when taking the Swinton Handicap Hurdle at Haydock Park Racecourse in May 2002.
In a career that lasted from April 1827 to October 1829 he ran thirteen times and won seven races.
After coming off of a well beaten second in the grade one Personal Ensign Stakes, just 13 days after she won the Ruffian Handicap.
In all, she won sixteen times in twenty-four racecourse appearances.
Omnium II was a Thoroughbred racehorse in France.
He was twice awarded the title of Australian Harness Horse of the Year and was known as "Willie".
If caught inside other horses, he would cramp up to avoid hitting the others.
Princess of Sylmar is an American-bred Thoroughbred racehorse.
He is best known for his three consecutive wins in the Railway Stakes at Ellerslie, the country's premier sprint race for thoroughbreds.
In the following spring he was beaten in his first two starts before recording his greatest success when defeating a strong field in the Tokyo Yushun.
For his new connections Ramonti won three of Britain's most important mile races in 2007, before winning the ten furlong Hong Kong Cup.
Borrego was bred to sell by a partnership Jon Kelly, Ralls and Foster LLC, Brad Scott and C. Beau Greeley.
Dunfermline, was a British Thoroughbred racehorse and Broodmare.
In a racing career which lasted from June 1993 to November 1994 she ran eight times and won two races.
He is a bay son of Pins from the mare Palos Verdes by Flying Spur.
Subzero is a Thoroughbred racehorse who won the 1992 Melbourne Cup.
His best wins were the Rosehill Guineas and the Australian Derby in 2005, and the Ranvet Stakes, BMW and AJC Queen Elizabeth Stakes in 2006.
He clocked a time of 1:43.12 for the Grade 1 Breeders' Futurity Stakes.
Native Upmanship was a National Hunt racehorse.
Sent to Belmont Park in the United States, he was third behind winner Royal Academy and runnerup, Itsallgreektome in the 1990 Breeders' Cup Mile.
She won sixteen of her twenty-four races, including two Oatlands Stakes, the Jockey-Club Plate and she beat Oaks and Derby winner Eleanor.
The Indiana House of Representatives is the lower house of the Indiana General Assembly, the state legislature of the United States state of Indiana.
Hawkster is the damsire of Afleet Alex, the 2005 Preakness and Belmont Stakes winner who was voted that year's American Champion Three-Year-Old Male Horse.
Ruling Lad is a Thoroughbred racehorse who won the New Zealand Derby in 1976.
She is a Speightstown filly out of the Linkage mare Society Gal, a half sister to Grade 3 winner and sire Mr. Greenly.
A winner of graded stakes races at age two, in her ensuing three and four-year-old seasons Sightseek won seven Grade I races.
Electrocutionist won eight of his 12 career starts, including three Grade I's, and won more than $5.6 million.
He was a contender for the 1902 Epsom Derby, but did not run in the race due to illness.
Epine Blanche was also the dam of the race winner Epinette III by Mont Bernina.
Plans were made for Titled Hero to stand at stud at Windfields Farm but he had to be euthanized following a serious injury.
Epine Blanche was conceived in the U.S.A. and foaled in France.
The affair remains the best-known case of a corrupt trainer and owner using a ringer to race in place of another horse.
Retired from breeding in 2011, A.P Indy resides at Lane's End Farm, where he was born and raised, and stood his entire stud career.
He is best known for his "flying" closing finishes in the first two legs of the U.S.
As a four-year-old she won the Keian Hai and the Queen Elizabeth II Commemorative Cup and won the JRA Award for Best Older Filly or Mare.
Sarah's Secret is an American Thoroughbred racehorse
He was retired to stud at the end of the year and had considerable success as a breeding stallion.
His foals earned more than $4.1 million, with one stakes winner, four stakes-placed runners, and 103 winners from 209 total foals.
Hidden Lake was a Kentucky-bred daughter of stallion Quiet American out of the Round Table mare, Friendly Circle.
In a racing career which lasted from August 2001 until November 2003 she won six of her fifteen races including four at Group One level.
Shanghai Bobby is an American Thoroughbred racehorse.
In the autumn of 1950 he won the St Leger by defeating Vieux Manoir, who had beaten him in the Grand Prix de Paris.
She was also well known for her unusual and distinctive action.
Norton's Coin was injured in winning the Gold Cup and won only once in his remaining eighteen races.
Ruken was an American Thoroughbred racehorse who competed at the highest levels in California and was the bettors third choice to win the 1967 Kentucky Derby.
AllMusic states that Cure All is soul-jazz with "a healthy balance of intellect and funkiness".
Haafhd is a retired British Thoroughbred racehorse and active stallion, best known for winning the 2000 Guineas Stakes and Champion Stakes in 2004.
He is the sire of three Kentucky Derby winners: Vagrant, Hindoo and Ben Ali.
However, he rebounded in 2017 by winning the Sheema Classic at Meydan Racecourse on Dubai World Cup Night.
In 1972 he finished second in the Grand National, ridden by Biddlecombe.
He also won the New Zealand St. Leger.
He was given to a friend of Morris' wife that lived in Charleston for use as a saddle horse.
Markato was the dam of eight named foals, but Manikato was her only stakes-winner.
Park Express was an Irish Thoroughbred racehorse and broodmare.
She went on to prove herself a leading stayer, winning three more races before the end of the season.
Thunderhead was a French Thoroughbred racehorse and sire, best known for winning the classic 2000 Guineas in 1952.
As a three-year-old she followed up her win in the Guineas by taking the Coronation Stakes, Falmouth Stakes and Nassau Stakes before being retired to stud.
That win was the first half of only the second Black-Eyed Susan/Preakness Stakes Double won in history by the same trainer and owner combo.
At the end of his three-year-old season he was retired to stud in Kentucky where he proved to be a successful sire of winners.
Acclamation is an American Thoroughbred racehorse and sire.
His most notable sons that achieved success in the stud were Whalebone and Whisker.
He was not a great success as a stallion.
The yearling was named for the evangelical preachers who used to roam the southern states of the USA commonly known as "holy rollers".
In a racing career which lasted from July 1997 until October 1999 she won six of her ten races.
He also placed in the Paterson Stakes and came third in the Sam F. Davis Stakes.
He possessed a good temperament, but was soon becoming heavy and starting to develop a crest.
Bred by Richard Nip, she was out of the winning mare Glasgow's Gold, a daughter of Seeking the Gold.
He was bred in Kentucky by Walter Haefner, a Swiss businessman and owner of Moyglare Stud Farm in Ireland.
In the following season she made rapid improvement and recorded a 16/1 upset victory in the Group One Coronation Stakes at Royal Ascot.
Fort Larned is an American Thoroughbred racehorse best known for winning the 2012 Breeders' Cup Classic.
Since 1900, of British-bred racehorses only Ribot has won more races and finished his career unbeaten.
In early September 1990, Fappiano was humanely euthanized following a chronic case of laminitis.
Right Royal was defeated in the Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe and was retired to stud where he had some success as a breeding stallion.
His Derby winning time, 2:29.42, was at the time the second-fastest in the history of the race.
On Friday May 23, Silver Swallow won an Allowance Optional Claiming by over 2 lengths at Hollywood Park.
He earned the nickname "The Pacing Machine" in a career where he became the richest standardbred of all-time.
She was bred in the United States by Flaxman Holdings Ltd., the breeding arm of the racing stables of shipping magnate Stavros Niarchos.
Sterling was a British racehorse and sire.
Ivor Prince was a son of the British champion Sir Ivor who won the 1968 2,000 Guineas and Epsom Derby.
He died on February 28, 2009 due to "Aortic Ring Rupture”.
Sent back to race at age four in 1942, Budpath collapsed on the track and died of a heart attack.
He was sired by American multiple stakes winner Mt.
He is owned by businessman Andy Stewart and specialised in racing over hurdles.
In a career that lasted from May 1906 to June 1907 he ran eight times and won six races.
Unraced as a juvenile, the filly quickly established herself as a top-class stayer by winning the St Leger Stakes.
He is owned by David Armstrong and Cheveley Park Stud and trained by Richard Fahey.
She has had some success as a broodmare in the United States.
Big Blue Kitten is an American Thoroughbred racehorse who specialises in turf races.
She is now retired and living at Darby Dan Farm.
He was inbred to Sunstar, in the fourth generation.
Poseidon was an Australian Thoroughbred Hall of Fame racehorse.
Nijinsky, usually known in the United States as Nijinsky II, was a Canadian-bred, Irish-trained Thoroughbred racehorse and sire.
Canadian Champ was a Canadian Thoroughbred Hall of Fame racehorse who in 1956 won the three races that became the Canadian Triple Crown Championship in 1959.
She was one of the leading British two-year-olds of 1877 when she was unbeaten in seven races including the Richmond Stakes at Goodwood.
West Tip was a racehorse who won the Grand National in 1986.
Kingman was ridden in the Derby by Isaac Burns Murphy and was considered one of the best prospects for winning the 1891 American Derby.
Nebos was a German Thoroughbred racehorse and sire.
In total the horse has won 8 flat races and 2 jumps races and has been placed 23 times.
Neapolitan Way is best remembered for placing second in the second jewel of the American Triple Crown, the $250,000 grade 1 Preakness Stakes, to Little Current.
Following this he then went on to win the Australian Cup in March 2008 before running third in the BMW at Rosehill.
He also finished fourth in the King George, also won by Daylami.
Gainsborough was owned by Sheikh Maktoum al Maktoum, eldest brother of Sheikh Mohammed.
He is best known for his win, as a 66/1 outsider in the 1961 Epsom Derby.
Tachypous was a British Thoroughbred racehorse and sire.
He is one of four European-trained colts to have won the Breeders' Cup Juvenile.
Deep Sky is a Japanese racehorse which won the 2008 Tokyo Yūshun and NHK Mile Cup.
Bred and raced by Gifford A. Cochran, he was sired by the 1925 Kentucky Derby winner, Flying Ebony and out of the racemare Heeltaps.
Caerleon was an Irish Thoroughbred racehorse who was a Champion runner in France and a two-time Champion sire in Great Britain & Ireland.
Gurner's Lane was just the seventh of 11 horses to complete this rare double.
She shares the same sire as 2007 Preakness Stakes winner Curlin, who became 2007 and 2008 American Horse of the Year.
In a racing career which lasted from June 1998 to May 1999 she ran nine times and won four races.
He then skipped the mid-May Preakness Stakes and aimed for the Belmont Stakes in early June at Belmont Park.
The son of Successful Appeal won the 2005 Holy Bull Stakes and finished third in the Blue Grass Stakes before competing in the Kentucky Derby.
Brave Raj's 1982 earnings set a world record for fillies in her age group.
In a racing career which lasted from August 1973 until May 1974 he ran five times and won four races.
Oasis Dream is retired thoroughbred racehorse and active sire who was bred and trained in the United Kingdom.
Park Top was bred by Joan Scott of Buttermilk Stud Farm, South Newington, Oxfordshire.
Clairvoyant was a French Thoroughbred racehorse and sire.
She was the first horse bred by Warren Wright's Calumet Farm to win a stakes race.
She is best known for being the only filly since 1990 to successfully complete the Classic double of the 1,000 Guineas and the Oaks.
Autopsy revealed that heart failure was the cause of his death.
Brass Hat is an American Thoroughbred racehorse.
Belmar was trained by Edward Feakes and ridden by future U.S.
He is owned by Simon Gibson and trained by James Fanshawe.
Wild Waltz - won Yugoslavian Cup 1992-1994, Champion in Yugoslavia 1994
He returned to win the Fourstardave Handicap on Turf at Saratoga Race Course under jockey John Velazquez.
He later sired the middle-distance champion Time Charter, but was otherwise a complete failure at stud.
His subsequent career was restricted by injuries and he was retired after sustaining his only defeat.
Horse of the Year Reigh Count, who won the 1928 Kentucky Derby.
He continued racing until being retired in 2008 at the age of eight, having won ten of his forty-three races.
He started a short-priced favourite in the AJC Australian Derby but finished sixth in his final races as a three-year-old.
His racing career was ended by injury at the age of six.
Bred by Ted Smith of Rockwood, Ontario, he was sired by Manhattan Handicap winner, Ruritania.
Retired to stud duty, his offspring have met with limited success in racing.
Marske was a Thoroughbred racehorse, best known as siring the great Eclipse.
The Thanksgiving Day Handicap at Lincoln Downs in 1965 was his biggest stakes win.
Edabiya is a retired Irish-trained thoroughbred Group 1 winner racehorse.
The stallion was humanely euthanized in 2002 after an unsuccessful colic surgery and is buried on his farm.
After one minor win in two races as a two-year-old, she emerged as arguably the best filly of her generation in the following year.
Glad Rags was an Irish Thoroughbred racehorse.
Finasseur was a French Thoroughbred racehorse who, at age three, won the two most prestigious races in France.
He won the Chester Vase in 2009, before finishing fifth in the Epsom Derby and second in the Irish Derby.
Apart from the Sun Chariot Stakes she won the Prix du Pin in 2010 and the Prix du Palais-Royal in 2011.
Next Moved served as a broodmare for Vanderbilt.
His major racing wins include the 2007 Preakness Stakes, 2007 Breeders' Cup Classic, and 2008 Dubai World Cup.
He was one of the nominees for the Hong Kong Horse of the Year award.
He only raced in 1820 and was then sent to India.
In addition to his three Classic wins he defeated older horses in the Newmarket Gold Cup and the Champion Stakes.
The Mass Cap win carried an automatic entry into the Breeders' Cup Classic, which Commentator already had earned from his win in the 2008 Whitney.
She was one of the leading British-trained juvenile fillies of 1979, when she won two of her three races including the Hoover Fillies' Mile.
Bold Ruler was an American Thoroughbred Hall of Fame racehorse who won the 1957 Preakness Stakes and was the 1957 Horse of the Year.
Motrico was a French Thoroughbred racehorse who was the second of seven horses to win the Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe on two occasions.
Tarascon was an Irish Thoroughbred racehorse and broodmare.
Apart from his victories he also finished second in both the Haydock Sprint Cup and the July Cup.
Triple Crown winner and Hall of Fame inductee Count Fleet.
The daughter of Pulpit won the mile and an eighth Grade II $250,000 Black-Eyed Susan Stakes at Pimlico Race Course on May 15, 2015.
At the end of the season he was retired to stud where he became an extremely successful and influential breeding stallion.
He had a half brother by Mozart, Classic Punch.
Awesome Again is a Canadian Hall of Fame Thoroughbred racehorse.
He went on to win the Clark Handicap and the Travers Stakes.
In mid summer, Brass Hat suffered a sesamoid fracture that kept him out of racing for several months.
Eighteen months later he died after being injured in a paddock accident.
Samuel S. Brown, his son Frank bought Agile for $5,700 in the July 1906 dispersal sale of the entire racing stable.
Lonesome Glory also became one of the few American-trained horses to compete successfully in the United Kingdom, winning races in 1992 and 1995.
As a three-year-old in 1916 she won the Derby and Oaks both of which were run that year at Newmarket.
King's Bishop was an American Thoroughbred racehorse.
Exported into Australia he became a leading sire there.
After showing promise as a two-year-old in 1979, Cairn Rouge improved to become one of the best three-year-old fillies in Europe in the following year.
The colt was sired by Forestry out of the mare Oatsee, who was purchased in 2006 by Shackleford's owners for $135,000.
Racing at age three, he won the Queenston Stakes then upset heavily favored Harlem Rocker in the Plate Trial Stakes.
After winning two of her three races in 2010, she was an upset winner of the 1000 Guineas on her first start as a three-year-old.
In the race, at the three-quarter pole Dehere moved into third place but then faded and finished eighth to winner Brocco.
Ya Malak was a British Thoroughbred racehorse.
Affirmed was an American Thoroughbred racehorse who was the eleventh winner of the United States Triple Crown of Thoroughbred Racing.
Blue Light was a Canadian Thoroughbred racehorse.
The highlight of that season was her victory in the prestigious Selima Stakes at Laurel Park Racecorse in Maryland.
All the while Ponder continues to gain with each jump.
Maria's Mon also sired Kentucky Derby winners Monarchos and Super Saver.
Arabian Queen is an Irish-bred, British-trained Thoroughbred racehorse.
Silver Swallow took off the rest of the 2007 season following this defeat and resumed training in January 2008.
This included a final effort at the King George VI Chase, where he was pulled up behind Algan.
He failed to win in eight starts as a three-year-old but ran well to finish second in to Hyperion in the St Leger.
She made no impact as a broodmare.
In 2000, he was the New York Horse of the Year and the Champion New York Older Horse.
He was retired to stud at the end of 1838 but proved a failure as a sire.
The Huntsman came to the final fence with only one other horse in with a chance of beating him, Bridegroom, ridden by Richard Sherrard.
He is out of mare Starlight Dreams and by top stallion Danehill Dancer.
Market Wise was an American Champion Thoroughbred racehorse.
He was foaled in Florida and named after the Village People song "Macho Man".
Jest was a British Thoroughbred racehorse and broodmare, best known for winning two Classics in 1913.
Eliza is an American Thoroughbred Champion racehorse.
In 2011, he competed in all three Triple Crown races, coming in third in the Kentucky Derby.
Royal Delta was a Champion American Thoroughbred racehorse.
The filly was named after Snyder's late wife, Lisa, who, before her death, said she would reincarnate as a horse.
Bewitch was named the Champion Two-Year-Old Filly for 1947.
She then defeated male opposition to take the Queen Elizabeth II Stakes.
Originally trained in Yorkshire by John Scott, The Colonel later moved to the royal stable and won races for two British monarchs.
Stanerra was an Irish Thoroughbred racehorse and broodmare.
In 2000, he was well-fancied for the Cheltenham Gold Cup at the odds of 9–2 and was ridden by Richard Johnson.
She completed the Triple Crown in the St Leger Stakes, despite failing to reproduce her best form.
Cherry Lass, was a British Thoroughbred racehorse and broodmare who won two British Classic Races in 1905.
Nearco was not only unbeaten in racing, but also the patriarch of the most dominant sire line in Thoroughbred history.
Wool Winder, also known as Woolwinder, was a British-bred and raced Thoroughbred racehorse that won the 1907 St. Leger Stakes.
She was sired by Unbridled's Song, who in turn was a son of 1990 Kentucky Derby winner Unbridled out of the Dr. Carter mare Belle Nuit.
In the season of 2009-2010, Able One win the HKG2 Chairman's Trophy, and he then followed up in the Champions Mile.
This black colt was foaled in 1896, Bred at Parawanui in the Rangitikei district of the North Island by Donald Fraser, he was leased to J.W.
In a racing career lasting from the spring of 1963 until July 1964, the filly ran ten times and won three races.
A specialist sprinter, he won eight of his eleven races in a racing career which lasted from the spring of 1976 until September 1977.
He won his first race, a Class 6, in May 2006 at Newcastle Racecourse in Newcastle, England.
Caracolero was a Kentucky-bred, French-trained Thoroughbred racehorse and sire.
Mairzy Doates was an American Thoroughbred racehorse.
Princequillo was a Thoroughbred racehorse conceived in France and born in Ireland.
Midday is a daughter of the top-class 2-year-old and sprinter Oasis Dream and is out of the Kingmambo mare Midsummer.
She went on to win another four stakes that year including the American Oaks.
When he came back to the track, he dominated racing and earned the first of his two consecutive unofficial United States Horse of the Year awards.
Le Glorieux died at his owner Werner Wolf's Haras du Logis Saint-Germain in Normandy, France on 19 Aug 2010, at the age of 26.
Although he sired several successful racehorses, he ultimately was most influential through his daughters' offspring, becoming the leading broodmare sire in North America in 1992.
Sealy Hill is a Canadian Thoroughbred racehorse who won three Sovereign Awards in 2007, including Canadian Horse of the Year.
He was a moderate performer on the flat, winning one minor race from fourteen attempts.
In all, The French Furze ran over 80 races in his career.
Before Dawn was an American Champion racehorse bred and raced by Lucille Markey's Calumet Farm of Lexington, Kentucky.
The rival Daily Racing Form poll was topped by Nadir.
Borgia, the 1997 Deutsches Derby and Grosser Preis von Baden winner
After her retirement from racing she became a successful and influential broodmare.
Blue Gown died in 1880 while being shipped to the United States.
Gorytus was an American-bred, British-trained Thoroughbred racehorse and sire.
In addition, Behrens earned second-place in the Donn Handicap, Whitney Handicap and the Jockey Club Gold Cup Stakes.
His damsire was Santa Anita Derby winner Rough'n Tumble, who sired U.S.
In the Schuylerville Purse run at Saratoga Springs in late July 1927, the filly placed second to Pennant Queen.
Apart from the Gold Cup, he also won the Ballycullen Stakes, Saval Beg Stakes, Goodwood Cup and Lonsdale Stakes.
He ended the 2012 European season as the year's most highly rated two-year-old colt and was regarded as a leading contender for the 2013 classics.
Racing Hall of Fame inductee, Round Table.
He was best known for winning the Melbourne Cup at Flemington Racecourse in November 1985.
As a sire, Nimbus notably produced Le Capucin whose wins included the 1923 Prix du Jockey Club and the 1924 Grand International d'Ostende.
Inducted into the Australian racing Hall of Fame in 2014
Triple Crown series, he finished third to Triple Crown champion Gallant Fox in the Belmont Stakes.
The earliest modern circuses were performed in open air structures with limited covered seating.
After a disappointing three-year-old season when she failed to win in four starts, she emerged as a top-class turf performer in 2015.
Upset, the only horse ever to defeat Man o' War, did make it to the Derby.
In 1942, Le Pacha's best results were a win in the Prix du Prince d'Orange and a second to Djebel in the Grand Prix de Saint-Cloud.
In the Blood-Horse magazine List of the Top 100 U.S. Racehorses of the 20th Century, Sunday Silence is ranked #31.
He had only one race between his two Cheltenham Festival wins.
Shadeed was an American-bred, British-trained Thoroughbred racehorse and sire.
His biggest win was probably the 1978 Wood Memorial Stakes.
Other notable sons are Sir Hercules and Camel, the sire of Touchstone.
Bred and raced by the Phipps family's Wheatley Stable, Castle Forbes was trained by National Museum of Racing and Hall of Fame trainer, Bill Winfrey.
He finished the race in a sharp time of 1:22.42.
Her winning time of 3 minutes 19.5 seconds equalled the race record held by Comic Court.
Due to his poor recent form he was sent out a 16-1 chance.
Drum Taps was an American-bred Thoroughbred racehorse.
At two she also won her maiden race and she finished 2nd in the Natalma Stakes-Gr.3.
Trained by Joseph Manzi, Roving Boy was the dominant juvenile in California whose earnings in 1982 of $800,425 set a world record for a two-year-old.
One So Wonderful was a British Thoroughbred racehorse and broodmare.
I Want Revenge is an American Thoroughbred racehorse who was one of the favorites to win the May 2, 2009 Kentucky Derby.
[1] His performances that year earned him American Champion Two-Year-Old Colt honors.
He ended his season with seven wins out of his ten starts.
Rachel Alexandra neared or broke multiple stakes records, track records and winning margin records throughout her career.
He finished third in the Breeders' Cup Juvenile, and lost the Hollywood Futurity in a photo finish.
Kazzia died in March 2013 from post-foaling complications.
He moved to the Godolphin stable in 1998 but his form deteriorated and he failed to win in three races.
Casse said she was a temperamental filly who was her own worst enemy, especially in the starting gate.
Popsy is a Thoroughbred racehorse who won the New Zealand Derby in 1993, one of very few fillies to have achieved the feat.
Hurley Burley was by Riley who had won the 1890 Kentucky Derby for Corrigan and was a son of the great stallion Longfellow.
Bred by the HH Aga Khan IV he raced in France until retiring in 1969.
Sir Percy is a British Thoroughbred race horse and sire.
She was not a success as a broodmare.
Sold to Wong Wing-keung of Hong Kong, his name was changed to Bullish Luck.
In a stud career which began in Britain and ended in Argentina, Cyllene became an important and influential stallion.
That year, he was second in the Breeders' Cup Turf to winner Miss Alleged.
He finished first in the 1982 Santa Anita Handicap but was disqualified to second.
More Than Real is an American Thoroughbred racehorse.
Her 16 victories included 15 stakes races, eleven of them in graded company, and nine of them Grade 1.
Moscow Flyer was a top-class National Hunt horse over distances between 2 miles and 2½ miles.
Bonecrusher was trained by Ritchie's father, Frank.
In a racing career which lasted from August 1975 until October 1976 he won three of his twelve races.
Lupe returned as a four-year-old and defeated colts to win the Coronation Cup and the Princess of Wales's Stakes.
Trained in Ireland as a two-year-old, he was then sent to be trained in England.
His last race was a second place at Worcester in May 1994.
He was twice voted the Eclipse Award for Horse of the Year in 1981 and 1984, with his 1981 selection unanimous.
As a three-year-old he won three minor races before recording his first major victory in the Grade II Secretariat Stakes.
The horse, a bay gelding, was bred by Oakland Park Stud in Western Australia and was sired by Serheed from North Bell by Bellewater.
He died of congestive heart failure on September 21, 2003, at Three Chimneys Farm, where he is buried.
He had limited opportunities to prove himself as a sire of flat horses but had some success with his jumpers.
Policeman was exported to stand as a breeding stallion in New York State but had little success as a sire of winners.
Truly Frisky has won over $300,000 and also won the G1 Clasico Verset’s Jet twice as well as other notable stakes in Puerto Rico.
Papa Clem was retired to stud in 2010 and currently stands at Legacy Ranch in Clements, California for $6,500.
St. Frusquin was also a leading sire in Great Britain and Ireland in 1903 and the Leading broodmare sire in Great Britain & Ireland in 1924.
After racing once, Brave Raj was acquired by California oil heiress Dolly Green.
Aloma's Ruler was an American Thoroughbred racehorse who won the second leg of the 1982 U.S.
Octavius remained in training for two more seasons, his best subsequent performance coming when he won the Epsom Gold Cup as a four-year-old in 1813.
Able Friend is an Australian-bred, Hong Kong-trained Thoroughbred racehorse.
The French Furze is an Irish Thoroughbred racehorse, born to sire, Be My Guest and dam, Exciting.
He won four times in his first season hurdling, as well as finishing second in the Triumph Hurdle at Cheltenham.
He retired as a five-year-old in 1930 and went on to become a successful and influential sire.
He retired to stud at the end of 2006 and has had modest success as a sire of winners.
In the NSW Derby he beat Victorian pacer Rockleigh Victory by 21 metres in a track record mile rate of 1:59.0 for 2350 metres.
Bien Nicole - won 2003 Oaklawn Breeders Cup Stakes, Galaxy Stakes.
Only Flyingbolt, also trained by Dreaper, had a rating anywhere near his at 210.
Manduro is a World Champion Thoroughbred racehorse.
Kayak II was named the U.S. Champion Older Male Horse in 1939 in the earlier equivalent to today's Eclipse Awards.
On March 6, 2010, he won the 135th running of the New Zealand Derby.
Sham was a dark seal brown in color.
In the Richmond Runner, he ran 6 ½ furlongs in 1:15.69.
While Khaled won important races in England, his greatest success was at stud in the United States for Californian Rex Ellsworth.
At his Hamburg Place near Lexington, Kentucky, Maddon had a good stallion called Star Shoot which he bred to all of his mares.
In June 1871 he won the Epsom Derby on his second racecourse appearance.
Steel Heart was an Irish Thoroughbred racehorse and sire.
After being beaten on his debut, Cotherstone won his next six races including the 1843 2000 Guineas and Epsom Derby.
At 5: WON New York Turf Writers Cup Steeplechase H.; A.P.
St. Bass was a Canadian Thoroughbred racehorse.
She was owned by Frederick Henry William Gough-Calthorpe, 5th Baron Calthorpe, and trained by James Jewitt.
In a racing career which lasted from April 1817 until May 1818 she ran four times and won twice.
He was bred and raced by Wheatley Stable, a partnership between Gladys Mills Phipps and her brother, Ogden Mills, the United States Secretary of the Treasury.
Along with Dream Well, Ocean of Wisdom is one of the few horses to have his own Blog.
His breeder, Lord Egremont, won the Derby for the fourth time with Election.
He was retired to stud in the United States where he had modest success as a sire of winners.
He had limited success as a breeding stallion before his death in 1919.
In her next start, second up at Waikato, she suffered her first defeat, being beaten by less than a length by Bulginbaah and Don't Ya Lovett.
Both of his defeats came when he was attempting to concede weight to opponents in match races.
His finest hour came when winning the 2011 Prince Of Wales Stakes, beating Australian superstar So You Think.
Bobbyjo was owned by Bobby Burke Mullaghmore, Co. Galway.
Better Than Ever, is a Thoroughbred racehorse gelding that was foaled in 2006, in Australia.
He did what he was supposed to.
Dodging Bullets is a British Thoroughbred racehorse, best known for his performances in National Hunt races.
After his retirement he had a long and highly successful career at stud.
He then contested Ericsson Chase for the second season in a row, where he again failed to justify odds-on favouritism when finishing 2nd to Rince Ri.
After he underwent surgery at the Newmarket Equine Veterinary Hospital to insert five screws in the cannon bone, Janiak officially announced his retirement.
He won nine of his 12 races including the St. Leger Stakes and Doncaster Gold Cup.
He is a multiple stakes winner out of his sire and is considered a contender for the Triple Crown.
Mariacci was a French Thoroughbred racehorse and sire.
The stable was owned by Nicholas F. Brady and his siblings.
Peter Simple was the third racehorse in history to win the Grand National steeplechase twice, emulating The Duke and Abd-El-Kader.
In Australia he was known as Sir Silver Lad to differentiate him from another Silver Lad.
[1] His sire was Celtic Ash, a British-born colt who raced in the United States where in 1960 he won an American Classic, the Belmont Stakes.
He was bred and owned by Ogden Phipps, and later became one of numerous top class runners sired by Mr. Prospector.
Mill House still has among the highest ratings ever for a National Hunt horse - see Timeform.
Hoist The King was an American Thoroughbred racehorse who sold for a record-setting $1.6 million as a yearling in 1979.
Nonetheless, Nashoba's Key was awarded California Horse of the Year honors by the California Thoroughbred Breeders' Association for the 2007 season.
Mendez was a French Thoroughbred racehorse and sire.
Phoenix Reach is an Irish-bred, British-trained Thoroughbred racehorse.
Rather than continuing his career, Reset was sold at four years of age to Darley Stud, Australia.
He became known for his front-running style and occasionally erratic jumping.
Vinnie Roe is a retired Irish Thoroughbred racehorse and active sire.
Those victories, coupled with a win in the Vosburgh Stakes, earned him that year's Eclipse Award as champion sprinter.
Offspring included Eager, Tartar, Ninety-three, Brilliant, Diomed, Ulysses, Moustrap, and Admiral.
His descendants include Bruce Davidson's former eventing mount JJ Babu, Anky van Grunsven's dressage horse Bonfire, and puissance and grand prix jumper Sympatico.
She remained in training as a four-year-old but faield to reproduce the form he had shown in the autumn of 1978.
Grand Slam was an American thoroughbred racehorse.
Divine Proportions is a champion Thoroughbred race horse and winner of two French classics.
Marvellous is an Irish Thoroughbred racehorse who won the Irish 1,000 Guineas at The Curragh by three lengths.
Jezki is an Irish Thoroughbred racehorse who competes in National Hunt racing.
He recorded his most important success when winning the Derby.
Many circus performances are still held in a ring usually 13 m in diameter.
Standing at stud in 1979, Regal Embrace eventually stood at Blue Sky Farms in New York State.
He won this one by six lengths.
He was trained by William Jarvis and owned by Charles Day Rose.
At her peak she was regarded as one of the fastest racehorses in the world.
Instead he was entered in the Withers Stakes, in which he finished second, and then the Jersey Derby, in which he finished third.
His win in the Gold Cup came in his third start under flat rules.
He was beaten in his last four races and was retired to stud at the end of the year.
Jockey Fred Clarke was convinced that Bore Head was on his way to winning the cup that day.
Her record as a broodmare was mixed.
Continuing back weakness plagued his campaign in 1968 when he fell again in both the Cheltenham and Whitbread Gold Cups.
He sensationally upset the English Triple Crown winner Nijinsky to win the Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe by a rapidly narrowing head in 1970.
In a career that lasted from 1887 to 1889 he ran sixteen times and won eleven races.
Chimes of Freedom was an American-bred British-trained Thoroughbred racehorse and broodmare.
After his racing career ended he became a highly successful breeding stallion.
Furys Order, 1970 was a thoroughbred horse, who raced successfully in New Zealand and Australia.
In 1840 he started favourite for the Epsom Derby but was beaten by a 50/1 outsider Little Wonder.
Bred at a small stud in County Cork she was sold as a yearling and raced for the Coolmore organisation.
In the following year, she showed her best form in summer, winning the Coronation Stakes and the Nassau Stakes.
His performances earned him the title of British Horse of the Year.
She showed useful form in the early part of the season and finished fourth in the Oaks Stakes.
Lovely Day is a Japanese Thoroughbred racehorse.
Orientate is an American Thoroughbred racehorse who won the 2002 Breeder's Cup Sprint  and was voted the U.S. Champion Sprint Horse of 2002.
Although he raced for several years, 1977 is when he won all but his maiden race including his two grade one turf races.
In his time trial at Springfield he slowed running into a head wind in the last quarter mile running a time of 1:50 4/5.
Kapchinsky raced the colt under the banner of his Paddockhurst Stable with trainer Jerry Lavigne responsible for his race conditioning.
Sadler's Wells was also a notable sire of sires, including Galileo and Montjeu in Europe, and El Prado in the United States.
He is best known for pulling off a monumental upset, at 50-to-1 odds, by winning the Kentucky Derby in 2009.
Shackleford was placed into training with Dale Romans, who raced the colt twice as a 2-year-old.
She was retired from racing in August 2012.
He showed modest ability as a three-year-old in 1973, winning one minor event from seven races.
He was among the leaders from early on the second circuit and drew clear over the last two fences to win by five lengths.
She won six of her twenty-two races and was rated the best British filly of her generation at both two and three years of age.
In a racing career which lasted from October 1978 until October 1980, he ran fourteen times and won six races.
Notnowcato is a retired Thoroughbred racehorse and active sire, bred and trained in the United Kingdom.
During her racing career, she stood 17.2 hands at the withers and weighed 1,217 lb.
She was out of the mare Irish Cherry.
Sidney's Candy is an American Thoroughbred racehorse.
He raced until he was eight years old, winning sixteen of his twenty five races.
Bred in Florida, he won nine of his twenty-nine races in a track career which lasted from November 2008 until November 2013.
He won his first three races in 1945 and finished second in the Ascot Gold Cup.
Behaving Badly is a Thoroughbred racing mare foaled on April 5, 2001 in New York and a top sprinting distaffer.
Her run in the Santa Anita Derby was controversial as there were allegations that her connections had not been fully open about her training problems.
The name Zoffany was later used for an Irish racehorse best known for finishing second to Frankel in the 2011 St. James's Palace Stakes.
Bred by George Cavanaugh & Associates, he was sired by Dark Star and was a grandson of Royal Gem.
At the end of the season he was retired to stand as a stallion in Australia, where he had some success as a sire of winners.
Special Duty is a British-bred, French-trained champion Thoroughbred racehorse and broodmare.
In the following season he added victories in the Dubai World Cup, Coronation Cup and International Stakes before his career was ended by injury.
On June 6, 2015, Honor Code won the Metropolitan Handicap at Belmont Park.
She won her first six races including the Poule d'Essai des Pouliches and the Prix de Diane as a three-year-old in 2011.
His four-year-old season ended with a trip to Toronto for the Canadian International Stakes, a Grade 1 event run at Woodbine Racetrack.
He was then retired to stud where he had moderate success as a sire of winners.
As a two-year-old he showed very good form, winning the Gimcrack Stakes and finishing third in both the July Stakes and the Middle Park Stakes.
A stakes winner in France prior to arriving in the United States, he was retired with 20 wins from 45 starts and earnings of $3,297,169.
He returned to racing late in the spring at age three and won the Yankee Handicap at Suffolk Downs.
A turf specialist, the son of U.S.
He won the Florida Derby and qualified for the 2010 Kentucky Derby.
After being retired to stud, he produced sixty-one stakes winners, with Swaps being the most successful.
He was later exported to race in the United States but failed to reproduce his European form, winning one minor race from fourteen attempts.
Seeking the Gold's dam Con Game, a daughter of Buckpasser, also produced the Remsen Stakes winner Fast Play and the Jamaica Handicap winner Stacked Pack.
A Blu-spec CD can be played on all CD players and does not require a blue laser to be read.
According to these authors the influence of the idea in German thought comes from Montesquieu and Voltaire, i.e.
She also finished third in the Epsom Oaks and fifth in the Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe.
As a result, his owners returned him to racing in 1988 under trainer John Russell.
Lord Kanaloa is a Japanese Thoroughbred racehorse.
Storm Song is a retired American thoroughbred racemare.
His group one success came in the Hong Kong Sprint.
As a five-year-old in 2014 she won the Flower Bowl Invitational Stakes and finished second in the Breeders' Cup Filly and Mare Turf.
At the end of 2014 he was one of the antepost favourites for the Epsom Derby.
Coronach was a British Thoroughbred racehorse and sire.
Before he embarked on his jumping career, he was failed by a vet on three different examinations.
Abdullah ibn Masud has described it as the shorter surah An-Nisa.
Loosen Up won the French Prix de l' Avre and was the sire of six stakes-winners in Australia with Better Loosen Up being the best one.
In a career that lasted from May 1859 to July 1861, he ran twenty-four times and won fourteen races.
Lightly raced in 1910, he won two races and finished second in his other two starts.
His subsequent racing career was curtailed by injury.
Tinners Way was an American Thoroughbred best known as the last colt from his sire Secretariat's final crop.
Brew is a small, plain bay Thoroughbred gelding who won the 2000 Melbourne Cup for trainer Mike Moroney and jockey Kerrin McEvoy.
In the 2016/7 season, she successfully defended her 2015 Cox Plate win with a commanding 8 length victory over rival Hartnell.
Retired to stud at the end of 1987, she had some success as a broodmare.
Let's Elope was a Champion Thoroughbred racehorse in Australia.
Dehere's other major victory in 1993 came in the Grade I Champagne Stakes.
He won the previous year's Royal & SunAlliance Chase.
Mamool is a Thoroughbred racehorse who raced for five years from 2001 through 2005.
She is best known for winning the Grand National Steeplechase in 1861.
He made very little impact as a breeding stallion.
He went on to become the sire of 2017 Kentucky Derby winner Always Dreaming.
His only loss during this period was in the Champagne Stakes, where he finished first but was disqualified to second for interference.
Fleet, known in the United States as Fleet II, was an Irish-bred, British-trained Thoroughbred racehorse and broodmare who won the classic 1000 Guineas in 1967.
The horse died following an injury sustained in the 2014 Japan Cup.
He was sired by the sprinter Anabaa out of Allez Les Trois, a mare with a very strong middle-distance pedigree.
His first start there resulted in a Group One victory in the Rosehill Guineas, confirming his status as one of Australasia's best three-year-olds.
1 International Invitational cup in Qatar, and the Irish Stallion Farms maiden stakes in Ireland.
Long retained ownership of Manuel throughout his two-year-old season, finally selling him in October 1898 to the Morris brothers for $15,000.
Until his last competitive season he was raced exclusively in Yorkshire running only at the meetings at York in August and Doncaster in September.
She was one of the leading British two-year-olds of 1838, winning the Criterion Stakes in impressive fashion and won the 1000 Guineas the following spring.
At the end of the season he retired to stud where he had limited success as a sire of winners.
In 2014 he won two of his first four races including the Washington Singer Stakes before recording an upset victory in the Dewhurst Stakes.
He was injured in his only subsequent race and was retired to stud where he made no impact as a sire of winners.
Jwala reached her peak as a four-year-old in 2013.
After recovering from a life-threatening illness, she returned in 1995 but failed to win.
He was retired to stud at the end of the season and became a successful stallion, siring the winners of several important races.
Raphael sent the colt to be trained at Newmarket, Suffolk by the former jockey Bill Halsey.
In a career which lasted from the autumn of 1947 until September 1949 he ran seventeen times and won eleven races.
Petrushka was retired to stud after a single, unsuccessful run as a four-year-old.
In 1999-2000, he was voted Australian Champion Stayer.
He was eventually exported to the United States where he died in 1953.
He won four Group One races including the King George VI and Queen Elizabeth Stakes and was Europe's Champion Older Horse in 2005.
He had little success as a breeding stallion and died in 1823 at the age of eighteen.
As a broodmare she produced the 1921 Epsom Derby winner Humorist before dying at the age of eleven.
Worth was an American Thoroughbred race horse.
Capot had earlier been named Horse of the Year by the Daily Racing Form.
He raced five times and won the Riddlesworth Stakes and 2000 Guineas Stakes.
During his three years of racing, he won 21 of 22 starts.
Forever Together is an American Thoroughbred Champion racehorse.
Shut Out was an American Thoroughbred racehorse.
Grecian Queen was an American Champion Thoroughbred racehorse.
Signorinetta was a British Thoroughbred racehorse and broodmare.
Frosty Admiral, Puerto Rico Horse of the Year and Puerto Rico Horse Racing Hall of Fame
Deputy Glitters is an American Thoroughbred racehorse who was a contender for the U.S.
wavelengths are rarely more than 150 m in the Mediterranean.
Raced sporadically from 1778 to 1782, Hollandoise won eight races in 14 starts.
Kauto Star was a French-bred National Hunt champion racehorse who was trained by Paul Nicholls in Somerset and owned by Clive Smith.
Trip To Paris is an Irish-bred, British-trained Thoroughbred racehorse.
In a racing career which lasted from October 1989 until November 1992, he ran fifteen times and won four races.
Dunaden showed his Melbourne Cup credentials in early 2011 with a win in the Prix de Barbeville and a second in the Prix Vicomtesse Vigier.
She was elected to the Canadian Horse Racing Hall of Fame in 1980.
In a career which lasted from spring 1941 to September 1942 he ran nine times and won four races.
His jockey in the Kentucky Derby and Preakness Stakes was Eddie Maple.
He originally competed in hunter chases, which are confined to horses who have taken part in fox hunting, and won five of his first six races.
He was owned by George FitzRoy, 4th Duke of Grafton, and trained by Robert Robson.
He was rated the best British juvenile of his generation.
In 2006 he recorded his first major success when he won the Stewards' Cup.
He remained in training as a five-year-old, but had injury problems and failed to win.
Kingfisher started a total of 13 races, winning 7 of them, with total race earnings of $26,750.
The filly was owned by North State Street Stable, Harness The Power, and Jerry Silva.
He started in the 2001 Preakness Stakes, finishing 9th.
It is run on the third and final day of Auckland Cup Week, the most prestigious week of racing on the New Zealand calendar.
In a racing career which lasted from June 1831 until April 1833 he ran ten times and won six races.
Racing Hall of Fame inductee, Buckpasser, a son of another Hall of Famer, Tom Fool.
In a career that lasted from 1879 to 1881 he ran eleven times and won nine races.
Racing Hall of Fame trainer Charlie Whittingham at Santa Anita Park in California.
Count Ricardo ran third in the Victoria Derby, 1.4 lengths behind the winner, Plastered.
Northernette was a Canadian Thoroughbred Hall of Fame racehorse.
He was the leading British two-year-old of 1893, being unbeaten in four starts including the Champagne Stakes and the Middle Park Stakes.
Retired having won twenty-one races, of which fifteen were stakes events, Travelling Victor was standing at stud for his owners when he died unexpectedly in 1992.
He died after being injured in an accident in 1905.
Elmhurst - winner of the 1997 Breeders' Cup Sprint
He was the only American stallion to head the leading sire in North America list for four consecutive years until Bold Ruler did so in 1965.
His breeder, Lord Egremont, won the Derby five times and Hannibal's victory was his third time winning the event.
Epigram was a Canadian Thoroughbred racehorse best known for winning the 1952 Queen's Plate, Canada's most prestigious race and North America's oldest annually run stakes race.
It was his first start on a half mile track.
Misty for Me is an Irish champion Thoroughbred racehorse and broodmare.
His trainer has stated that his next race will be on June 19 at Ascot Racecourse in the Golden Jubilee Stakes over the turf.
The Huntsman had left Chantilly in February 1861 under the care of Lamplugh to spend a year at Doncaster preparing for the Grand National.
Anita Peabody was an American Champion Thoroughbred racehorse.
St. Blaise was a British Thoroughbred racehorse and sire.
He was the leading American two-year-old of 2004, a year in which he was undefeated.
Although not the star in his two-year-old year, So Casual ran extremely well in his first season of racing and never finished further back than third.
Deep Diver stood as a breeding stallion in Ireland, Australia and Japan but had little success as a sire of winners.
Queensway had 52 starts, which included 12 wins, 8 places and 4 shows.
He won two Group One races: the National Stakes in Ireland and the Dewhurst Stakes in England.
Dabirsim is a thoroughbred racehorse trained in France.
As the race was over Brigadier Gerard's optimum distance of one mile, the relative merits of the two colts continued to be the subject of debate.
In a career which lasted from July 1926 to June 1927, he ran seven times winning four races.
Candy Spots was an American Thoroughbred racehorse.
Court Martial’s dam Instantaneous by Hurry On was the dam of several other named foals, but none was a stakes winner.
She was retired on 17 April 2013.
As a two-year-old in 2013, he won all three of his races, including the Group 1 Racing Post Trophy.
Dust Commander was an American Thoroughbred Racehorse.
Wichita Lineman's final win came at the 2009 Cheltenham Festival, where he rallied from 15-20 lengths.
Music was sold and exported to Ireland at the end of her three-year-old season.
Sagaro was an Irish-bred, French-trained thoroughbred racehorse.
She won four minor races as a two-year-old in 1977 before emerging as a top class performer in the following year.
In a career which lasted from November 1853 to July 1855 she ran sixteen times and won eleven races.
As a two-year-old in 1976 he showed early promise and recovered from illness to defeat a strong field in the Middle Park Stakes.
She was named European Champion Two-year-old Filly in the Cartier Racing Awards for 1995 and was the highest rated juvenile filly in the International Classification.
Royal Glint was an American Thoroughbred racehorse.
He is out of the Dr. Fager mare Demure, by the Grade I winner Fappiano, son of the great Mr. Prospector.
All of his runs apart from the Derby were at Newmarket.
Gerald Leigh maintained racing stables in the United Kingdom, France, and the United States.
he was retired to stud at the end of the 1968 season and became a successful stallion.
Entered in the inaugural running of the Breeders' Cup Filly & Mare Turf, the parimutuel betting public made Coretta the seventh choice at 16:1 odds.
During a racing career which lasted from February 1996 until October 1999 he won ten of his twenty races and was placed on six occasions.
Kingman is a retired British Thoroughbred racehorse owned by Khalid Abdullah and trained by John Gosden.
He was voted American Steeplechase Champion in 1955 but in 1956 his season was marred by a leg injury.
Racing Hall of Fame inductee, Holy Bull.
She then won the Classic Oaks over one and a half miles at Epsom, in which she was a 33/1 outsider.
Persian Gulf was a British Thoroughbred racehorse and sire, who raced during World War II.
Cormorant Wood was a British Thoroughbred racehorse and broodmare.
Whiskery won the Ardsley Handicap at age two and the Chesapeake Stakes at age three.
Ormonde was an English Thoroughbred racehorse who won the English Triple Crown in 1886 and retired undefeated.
In 1954 Hasty Road defeated Determine in track record time in the Derby Trial and then finished second to the same horse in the Kentucky Derby.
The following season he died in the King George VI Chase.
She won on her reappearance in 2017 but subsequently suffered an injury which led to her retirement later that year without racing again.
Unraced as a two-year-old, she won three times in England and twice in Italy in 1992.
1989 Madame Troika : bay filly, foaled 30 March, by Mr. Prospector - unraced.
Donor had kept his head in front and Vulcan's Forge was a neck beyond the Kentucky Derby winner.
Snow Fairy was retired in July 2013 after aggravating a tendon injury.
She is the daughter of Jersey Derby winner Dynaformer and No Matter What, a daughter of Nureyev.
She was voted British horse of the year and was the equal-top-rated three-year-old filly in Europe.
Many Clouds won one race in the following season but finished unplaced when joint-favourite for the 2016 Grand National.
His subsequent career was disappointing and he failed to make a significant impact in a brief stud career.
His sire was In Reality and his dam was Breakfast Bell.
Barcarolle was a British Thoroughbred racehorse and broodmare who won the classic 1000 Guineas at Newmarket Racecourse in 1838.
Unraced as a two-year-old, she was a Group 3 winner at three when finishing in a dead heat for first place in the Atalanta Stakes.
In 1981, Hyperno was voted Australian Horse of the Year.
After his racing career, he stood as a stallion in South Korea.
Thrush was owned by Captain J. Orr-Ewing.
In a racing career which lasted from May 1799 until August 1802 he won ten of his eighteen races.
Rockhill Native injured his tendon after the Belmont Stakes and was permanently retired from racing in April 1981.
Palace Music was an American Thoroughbred racehorse and a Champion sire who won Group/Grade 1 stakes in both Europe and the United States.
Comply Or Die participated in 2 additional Grand Nationals in the coming two years.
His dam was Silver Valley, a daughter of Mr. Prospector, the 1987/88 Leading sire in North America and nine-time Leading broodmare sire in North America.
As a two-year-old in 2011 she won the Grade I Alcibiades Stakes and the Breeders' Cup Juvenile Fillies Turf.
It was Salmon's third win of the prestigious race having won it in 1923 with Vigil and in 1926 with Display.
Her trainer was Steve Asmussen, and her regular jockey was Calvin Borel.
He was the Leading sire in Great Britain and Ireland in 1752, 1753, 1758, 1759 and 1760.
Goldencents is an American Thoroughbred racehorse best known for winning consecutive runnings of the Breeders' Cup Dirt Mile.
Hawaiian Sound was an American-bred British-trained Thoroughbred racehorse and sire.
Seachange is a top New Zealand thoroughbred racehorse.
In the following year he won Gold Cups at York and Pontefract before being defeated in the Fitzwilliam Stakes at Doncaster.
Torgau was an Irish-bred, British-trained champion Thoroughbred racehorse.
In 2012, Wise Dan won five more races, including Woodbine Mile, Shadwell Turf Mile Stakes, and Breeders' Cup Mile.
A specialist sprinter, he was posthumously awarded the titles of European Champion Sprinter and European Champion Older Horse at the Cartier Racing Awards
In 1947, she was voted by the country's top sports writers as the American Champion Three-Year-Old Filly.
Épinard was a French Thoroughbred racehorse which was given the French name for spinach.
After winning on her only appearance as a two-year-old she won both her races in 1997 including the Sun Chariot Stakes.
My Charmer was an American Thoroughbred racehorse best known as an outstanding broodmare.
The Scottish Trades Union Congress is the national trade union centre in Scotland.
After missing the next season he returned to win the Fighting Fifth Hurdle and the Aintree Hurdle, easily defeating Best Mate in the latter race.
This campaign featured a number of placings in high-class company, including the Doomben 10,000, and culminated with his first Group One win, in the Stradbroke Handicap.
Bred by trainer Philip G. Johnson's family operation, Amherst Stable, he was sired by Florida Derby winner Cryptoclearance.
Excellent Art was a British-bred Thoroughbred racehorse and sire.
Teddy was a French racehorse and an influential sire, especially for lines in Italy, France, and the United States.
Red Marauder was a race horse that won the 2001 Grand National at 33/1.
On his first appearance as a four-year-old he defeated a world-class field to win the Prince of Wales's Stakes.
The Fellow then was sent off the 7/2 favourite for the Whitbread Gold Cup but finished fifth.
Peter Pan was an American Thoroughbred racehorse and sire, bred and raced by prominent horseman, James R. Keene.
She ran in a juvenile special at Saratoga Race Course in August 1927 as a 2-year-old.
Her dam, Concertina, was un-raced daughter of the leading sire, St. Simon who was one of the most successful sires in history.
After two minor successes in 1820 he missed the whole of the 1821 before returning as a six-year-old to win two races at Chester.
His sire, Heliopolis, was the leading sire in North America in 1950 and again in 1954.
Later that year she won the Sun Chariot Stakes before beating a field of colts and older horses by seven lengths in the Champion Stakes.
Ridden by Alan Garcia, he was cut off by the first and third place finishers, Court Vision and Trust N Dustan, in the stretch.
Considered a strong contender for the 1990 U.S.
The colt's best result racing as a two-year-old was a third-place finish in the 2008 Belmont Futurity Stakes.
Young Traveller does not appear to have been used as a breeding stallion.
Seachange began racing in September 2005, as a 3yo, and won her first start at Paeroa by half a length.
Owned and bred by Mr. August Belmont, Jr., he was sired by Hastings.
She was by the stakes–winning sire Princequillo, who had been smuggled from Europe during World War II and who also sired the dam of Secretariat, Somethingroyal.
His trainer and co-owner Stephen Theodore purchased him for just A$880, who kept a half share and sold half.
Lightly campaigned in his first two seasons he won Epsom Derby on his racecourse debut and the Claret Stakes at Newmarket in 1799.
Virgil was a direct descendant of the thoroughbred foundation sire Herod and was the leading sire in the United States in 1885.
Trained by Marcus Marsh and ridden by Charlie Smirke, Palestine was the winner of the 2000 Guineas in 1950.
As a two-year-old he showed promising form by winning two races including the Grade III Sapporo Sansai Stakes in record time.
In his only loss, he had finished second to Holy Bull in the Belmont Futurity Stakes.
He was bred by Florida veterinarian, Dr. Al Smollin, and raced by his wife, Barbara.
After retiring from racing he became a successful stallion and was the leading sire in Great Britain and Ireland for three years.
Percy Hope was an American thoroughbred racehorse who won the Rushaway Stakes and the Lone Star Derby in 2001.
Back at Woodbine in October, she won her second Grade I event of the year, capturing the $1 million E. P. Taylor Stakes.
Seachange pressed forward with an Australian campaign, finishing 2nd and 15th in the Myer Classic and Emirates Stakes, respectively.
Bull Page was a Canadian Hall of Fame Thoroughbred racehorse and an important sire.
Thor's Echo began racing at age two and in 2005 as a three-year-old he won the WinStar Derby.
From eleven starts, he won four times and finished out of the money once.
Prince Royal, an 1885 chestnut staillion, won the 1888 Jerome Handicap, Stevens Stakes and Stockton Stakes.
Following that win, he was retired to stud duty at Gainesway Farm, near Lexington, Kentucky.
He never won again but did finish second in the St. Leger Stakes at Doncaster.
Sharp Humor was a Thoroughbred race horse .
He was retired to stud, where he proved to be a successful sire of winners.
Occasionally, swells which are longer than 700 m occur as a result of the most severe storms.
He went on to win the prestigious Hong Kong Vase a few weeks later with Red Cadeaux coming home in third.
In a racing career which lasted from April 1811 to July 1814 the filly ran twenty-six times, winning twelve races and finishing placed on eleven occasions.
He was a full brother to 1921 U.S. Champion Older Male Horse Mad Hatter.
Henry of Navarre was an American Hall of Fame Thoroughbred Champion racehorse.
In a racing career which lasted from April 1822 until May 1824 she ran fourteen times and won seven races.
Vertigineux was honored by the association of Kentucky Thoroughbred Owners and Breeders as "Broodmare of the Year" in April 2009.
His victory gave Cummings a record sixth win in the race.
In a career which lasted from September 1967 until May 1969 he ran twelve times and won three races.
He was the outstanding British two-year-old of 1887, when he was unbeaten in seven races.
Spearmint was a British Thoroughbred racehorse and a sire.
Princeful was an Irish-bred, British-trained Thoroughbred racehorse who competed in National Hunt racing.
In May, Allied Powers headed to Paris and won the Prix D'Hedouville, a Group 3 race at Longchamp Racecourse, under French champion jockey Ioritz Mendizabal.
As a two-year-old in 1977 she won on her debut before finishing second in the Cheveley Park Stakes.
He was foaled in 1988, a son of Celtic Cone, who was a winning stayer on the flat and over hurdles.
Alanesian was an American Thoroughbred racing filly and successful broodmare.
He returned to racing in February 2010 in the Oakleigh Plate, where he finished back in the field under the top-weight.
Rose of Kingston was the dam of the Melbourne Cup winner Kingston Rule by the American Triple Crown winner, Secretariat.
Moses was a British Thoroughbred racehorse and sire.
In 2014, he won the Grade I 2014 Breeders' Cup Classic, following wins in the Haskell Invitational and the Pennsylvania Derby.
Thunder & Roses is the seventh studio album recorded by American country music artist Pam Tillis.
He was sold as a yearling to Elizabeth Arden of Maine Chance Farm for $26,000.
She had considerable success as a broodmare in the United States.
He established himself as a contender for the 2014 Kentucky Derby with a win in the Wood Memorial Stakes.
Flockton Grey was the British racehorse at the centre of one of the largest betting scandals to hit British horseracing.
His best racing son was Buckhunter, who won Queen Anne's Gold Cup at York in 1719 and several King's Plates.
In the following year she finished second in the 1000 Guineas on her debut and then won her next three races including the Oaks.
Wahid is a Thoroughbred racehorse who won the New Zealand Derby in 2006.
Triple Crown series, Amberoid won the Wood Memorial Stakes.
Cherimoya was a Thoroughbred racehorse that won the 1911 Epsom Oaks in the only start of her racing career.
In a career that lasted from 1955 through 1957, he ran sixty-two times and won eighteen races.
She went on to take her fifth and sixth Group One races with wins in the Pretty Polly Stakes and the Nassau Stakes.
Crafty Lace was bred by Frank C. Conklin at his Conklin Farms in Brantford, Ontario.
He also sired St. Leger winner Birmingham and was the leading sire in Great Britain and Ireland in 1828.
Street Cry was a Thoroughbred racehorse, winner of the 2002 Dubai World Cup, the 2002 Stephen Foster Handicap and runner up in the 2002 Whitney Handicap.
Tolkien tales, Silmaril is one of only five Maryland-bred mares to ever reach the million dollar mark in total earnings on the racetrack.
He is best known for being the first Kentucky Derby winner to sire a Kentucky Derby winner.
High profile bookmakers Bill and Robbie Waterhouse were two of the people warned off, for having had prior knowledge of the scam.
The Persian Punch Memorial Fund was founded, and a lifesize bronze by Philip Blacker was unveiled on the anniversary of his last win.
In a career that lasted from the April 1880 to October 1884, he ran 51 times and won 27 races.
He comfortably defeated the best of the British colts in the Derby to give his jockey Lester Piggott a seventh win in the race.
The stallion now lives at Adena Springs and began to stand at stud in the 2015 breeding season.
See also Sir Tatton Sykes, 4th Baronet and Sir Tatton Sykes, 5th Baronet
Such a sentence leads the reader toward a seemingly familiar meaning that is actually not the one intended.
He later stood as a breeding stallion in South Africa where he had some success as a sire of winners.
A specialist sprinter, he showed some promise when winning one minor race as a two-year-old in 1973.
Proud Clarion was an American Thoroughbred racehorse best known for winning the 1967 Kentucky Derby.
New Providence is a Thoroughbred racehorse who in 1959 became the first official winner of the Canadian Triple Crown.
L'Alezane was purchased as a yearling by prominent Quebec businessman and major Thoroughbred racing stable owner, Jean-Louis Levesque.
The Guineas was the filly's only competitive win in six races, her other victory coming when she was allowed to walk over on her racecourse debut.
Since then it has appeared rather infrequently in spoken language but has enjoyed some popularity in print, appearing on mugs, T-shirts, etc.
Vintage Crop was trained by Dermot Weld, who returned to Australia in 2002 and again won the Melbourne Cup with the Irish horse Media Puzzle.
Pourparler was an Irish Thoroughbred racehorse and broodmare who won the classic 1000 Guineas in 1964.
He was bred and raced by Sheikh Mohammed, and trained in France by André Fabre,
Swift Temper is owned by Mark H. Stanley and trained by Dale Romans.
In September 2006, the United States House of Representatives approved H.R.
He came to fame when he earned his third straight stakes win in the March 27 Dubai Golden Shaheen.
Celtic Arms was a French Thoroughbred racehorse who competed successfully in both France and the United States.
The run was good enough for some people to suggest he would be a Melbourne Cup contender for 2008.
Nihilator started in the 1985 Little Brown Jug less than a week after winning the James Dancer Memorial at Garden State Park.
Tiresias's racing career was ended by injury in the summer of 1820, after which he was retired to stud.
Timeform, the highly respected racing publication, had a difference of 2 lbs between them.
{{Primary sources|date= performer from the bronx well known for his dancing videos on social media profiles such as instagram.com and youtube.com
Miffed at the loss of a horse he liked, Lucky Dog, Hildreth retaliated by claiming Corrigan’s Hurley Burley for $1,500.
This was merely 4/5 of a second behind the track record held by Star Porter.
He then returned to the winner's circle on June 23, 2007, in an Allowance Optional Claiming, also at Hollywood Park.
In winning the Caulfield Cup again the following year, he also became the first horse to win consecutive Caulfield Cups.
Whalebone died in 1831 at the age of 24 of hemorrhage after covering a mare.
Bald Galloway was leading Leading sire in Great Britain and Ireland in 1725.
Hay List won the race carrying 58 and a half kilograms, a feat not accomplished for over 60 years.
As a result of these performances he was rated the best two-year-old racehorse in Europe by both the independent Timeform organisation and the official International Classification.
Super Concorde was an American-bred French-trained Thoroughbred racehorse and sire.
Shortly thereafter, Coburn sold his ownership interest.
It was in the care of Tommy Smith that he realised his huge potential.
Harchibald is a retired French-bred, Irish-trained thoroughbred racehorse.
The $500,000 third-place prize effectively doubled the gelding's career earnings and made him West Point Thoroughbred's first horse to reach $1 million in earnings.
She was ridden there by Olivier Peslier for the first time.
Cape Verdi is a retired, Irish-bred Thoroughbred racehorse.
Prior to standing at Darley America he stood at Gainsborough Farm in Versailles, Kentucky.
General Assembly won the Vosburgh Stakes and ran second again to Spectacular Bid in the Marlboro Cup Invitational Handicap.
She remained in training for two more seasons, winning the Pipalong Stakes and two editions of the Blandford Stakes.
El Prado was a retired Thoroughbred racehorse and Champion sire.
Catchascatchcan was an undefeated British Thoroughbred racehorse and broodmare.
At age twenty-four, Woodman was humanely euthanized due to the infirmities of old age on July 19, 2007.
His name appeared in variations including Lapdog, Lap Dog and The Lap Dog.
Pensioned at age twenty-two in 2001, following a fracture of a pastern bone he was humanely euthanized in 2003.
Groovy was purchased at auction in February 1985 for $81,000 by Edith Libutti, the daughter of agent Ralph Libutti.
Amberoid was conditioned for racing by future Hall of Fame trainer Lucien Laurin and ridden primarily by another future Hall of Fame inductee, Bill Boland.
This was the earliest example of a British horse being sent across the Atlantic for a single race.
Son of Briartic was purchased by Dave Kapchinsky of Edmonton, Alberta, who was voted the 1981 Sovereign Award for Outstanding Owner in Canadian racing.
Fappiano is also the grandsire of Peppers Pride, who holds the record for most consecutive wins at nineteen.
He alone is responsible for maintaining the Matchem sireline, through Sheshoon, except for the American Fair Play branch.
In a career which lasted from 1985 until 1988, he ran ten times and won seven races.
Hyperion was a British-bred Thoroughbred, a dual classic winner and an outstanding sire.
He was the Champion Three-Year-Old Colt in Argentina and then raced successfully in the United States.
Daylami is a retired Thoroughbred Champion racehorse and active sire who was bred in Ireland, but trained in France, Dubai and the United Kingdom.
She was retired from racing after finishing unplaced on her only start in 2013.
Idun was an American Thoroughbred Champion racehorse who won U.S. Champion 2 and 3-year-old filly honors.
He was retired to stud where he made little impact before dying at the age of six.
Sebring was a top class two-year-old Australian Thoroughbred racehorse, that won five of his six race starts.
She was then retired to stud, and had some success as a broodmare.
A son, Ovaltine, was exported to Australia where he stood at stud.
Co-owned and bred by Madeleine Paulson, widow of Allen E. Paulson, the dark bay horse stands over 17 hands.
Hours After was an American-bred, French-trained Thoroughbred racehorse and sire bast known for his win in the 1988 Prix du Jockey Club.
Strawberry Road was a champion Australian Thoroughbred racehorse who went on to race in Germany, France, the United States, and Japan.
Afterward, he was moved to Paul's Mills in Versailles, KY.
Marwell was an Irish-bred, British-trained Thoroughbred racehorse and broodmare.
In a career which lasted just over a year– from July 1952 until July 1953– he ran seven times and won five races.
Pursuant to the agreement between Zayat and Ashford, American Pharoah was retired to stud at the conclusion of his 2015 racing year.
Maori’s Idol became one of Australia's greatest trotters, with a record 24 successive race victories before placing third in the 1978 Melbourne Inter-Dominion Final.
Continent is a retired British champion Thoroughbred racehorse.
Retired to broodmare duty, in 1996 Saratoga Dew was sent to stand at Shinkoh Farm in Japan.
Sizing Europe is an Irish National Hunt horse, best known for winning the 2011 Queen Mother Champion Chase at Cheltenham.
His grandsire was Spendthrift, whose grandsire was the English Triple Crown champion West Australian.
Aztec Hill is an American Thoroughbred racehorse.
She was a chestnut mare that was bred at the Shimofusa Stud in Japan.
Safely Kept began her career in 1988 and won 24 of her 31 starts over the next three years.
He won his only two races as a juvenile, and at age three won ten races, seven of them in a row
Sired by El Gran Senor out of an In Reality mare, Image of Reality, Toussaud achieved much on the track and in the breeding shed.
He later raced with no success in the United States and was retired to stud at the end of the 1984 season.
At York Racecourse in August she recorded her biggest win with a 20/1 upset victory in the Nunthorpe Stakes.
In 1987, Manila repeated as the United Nations Handicap winner and defeated Theatrical again to win the Arlington Million.
He was beaten in his three remaining races that year but returned as a four-year-old to win the Grand Prix de Deauville.
She was bred at Triple E Farm in Ocala, Florida by owner Stanley M. Ersoff.
She also established a highly influential female family, which has produced other leading sires Machiavellian and Danehill, plus numerous other stakes winners.
After her retirement from racing she became a successful broodmare, being the dam of the 1828 Epsom Derby winner Cadland.
Running exclusively at Newmarket, the filly ran eleven times and won four races in a racing career which lasted from April 1830 until May 1831.
As a three-year-old she finished unplaced in both the 1000 Guineas and the Epsom Oaks but won the Irish 1000 Guineas and the Pretty Polly Stakes.
El Segundo is a retired Thoroughbred racehorse.
His final paycheck was $100; his legacy, a claimer's place in the pantheon of sound, stout-hearted stakes horses—and in the hearts of a devoted public."
She was voted American Champion Two-Year-Old Filly for 2013.
Vert Amande was a winner of the 1992 Prix d'Hedouville and the Prix Maurice de Nieuil.
Bahri is a retired Thoroughbred race horse and active sire, bred in the United States but trained in the United Kingdom.
Troubadour was an American Thoroughbred Champion racehorse.
Mashaallah was an American-bred, British-trained Thoroughbred race horse.
He was bred by William Cavendish, 2nd Duke of Devonshire, and owned by his son William Cavendish, 3rd Duke of Devonshire.
According to the Daily Racing Form, Black Bear Island was being prepared for a US turf campaign in 2010 when he suffered a fatal injury.
Noted ABC sportscaster Jim McKay said of the book: "There are more good stories in horse racing than in any other sport.
Battle Heights was a notable New Zealand thoroughbred racehorse.
After her second classic win she was retired to stud, where she became a successful broodmare.
He stood at Coolmore Stud in Ireland, and has been shuttled to Ashford Stud in Kentucky and to Coolmore operations in New Zealand and Australia.
Ice Box did not race in the 2010 Preakness Stakes.
Acting Happy is an American Thoroughbred racehorse.
The three traditional foundation sires whose sire lines still exist today were Darley Arabian, Godolphin Arabian and Byerley Turk.
Eclipse was an undefeated 18th-century British Thoroughbred racehorse who won 18 races, including 11 King's Plates.
La Prevoyante was a Canadian-bred Thoroughbred race horse elected to the Racing Halls of Fame in the United States and Canada.
He died in 2004 at the age of twenty-three.
Triple Crown series finished second by a neck in record time to Decidedly in the Kentucky Derby and third to Greek Money in the Preakness Stakes.
Her dam, Miss Wildcatter, was a daughter of Mr. Prospector, a nine-time Leading broodmare sire in North America.
She started in 51 races, winning 30, and was second 7 times, third twice and unplaced in 12 races.
Diomed, foaled in 1777, was an English Thoroughbred race horse who won the inaugural running of the Epsom Derby in 1780.
Racing Hall of Fame inductee, James Rowe, at age two Ballot won important races in 1906 but was overshadowed by that year's Champion, Salvidere.
She was bred in the Santa Rosa Stockfarm before being sold to Sterling R Holt of Indianapolis.
After being purchased by Gary A. Tanaka, in 1995 Celtic Arms raced exclusively in the United States.
Endorsement pulled ahead of heavy favorite Conveyance on the final stretch for an upset victory.
He showed great promise as a two-year-old winning the Peter Haughton Memorial and 2008 Breeders Crown Two Year Old Colt Trot.
Manitoba was a British bred Thoroughbred racehorse that was a race winner in England before he was exported to Australia where he was a leading sire.
He was named for County Palatine of Lancaster near where his breeder William Hall Walker had been raised.
He was bred by Charles Kidder and his son Ben in a partnership with Dr. Nancy Cole.
He was buried at Sam-Son Farm near Milton, Ontario.
She never reproduced her best form thereafter and finished unplaced in her five remaining races.
He won Ascot Gold Cup in 1999.
Bel Sheba raced 22 times and was trained by Hall of Fame jockey and trainer A. P. Smithwick.
He was trained in Ireland by Ted Walsh and owned by Frank Moriarty.
As a three-year-old in 1959 she won the Classic St Leger, as well as the Cheshire Oaks and the Ribblesdale Stakes.
Time Supply ran third in the very first Santa Anita Handicap.
As a two-year-old in 1944 she won three races including the Queen Mary Stakes.
She was one of only six fillies to win the Epsom Derby, and was also the second of only four greys to have won the race.
Though reported as dead after the incident, the horse was bought by Charles Jacobs of Medford, Massachusetts.
Candyman Can, Atta Boy Roy, and the 2010 winner, Riley Tucker
For the anime character, see Princess Tutu.
Well Chief was a German-bred race horse who was trained in Britain by David Pipe and owned by David Johnson.
Questionnaire was race conditioned by Andy Schuttinger, who was his trainer through 1930, after which Edward J. Bennett took over.
Following a run in the St Leger, she went to Japan and won the Queen Elizabeth II Commemorative Cup followed by the Hong Kong Cup.
He won the Hollywood Turf Cup in 1985 and the San Luis Rey Handicap in 1987.
She was sold at auction in 1846, and her last foal was born in 1848.
At four she won the Grade III Rancho Bernardo Handicap.
Habitat was an American-bred British-trained Thoroughbred racehorse and sire.
Xtra Heat is a retired American Thoroughbred Champion racehorse and broodmare.
A year later he was fatally injured when falling in the Champion Hurdle.
Papillon was owned by American Mrs Betty Moran, owner of Brushwood Stable.
However Curwen's Bay Barb contributed more to the breed as a whole.
Frederick, Prince of Wales gave the stallion to Samuel Ogle, the governor of Maryland, as a gift.
Malua won over distances ranging from  5 1⁄2 furlongs to  3 1⁄4 miles.
In a career which lasted from August 1952 until July 1954, he ran fourteen times and won eleven races.
On June 12, 2009, 8-year-old Commentator easily took the Kashatreya Stakes at Belmont Park by seven lengths as a prep towards again winning the Whitney Handicap.
In June 2013 he won the Coronation Cup for an unprecedented third time.
Bred, owned and trained by a farming family in rural Ireland he was offered for sale as three-year-old but was rejected after failing a medical examination.
He also lost by a head to Akiyda in the 1982 Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe, the final race of his career.
He won once from four races in 2011 before being retired to stand as a breeding stallion in Japan.
He was a chestnut horse sired by the leading sire Fair Trial, that also sired Petition.
She was a gray out of the mare Summer Classic who was sired by Summer Tan.
Bred by and raced by Irving & Marjorie Cowan, her sire was Kris S., an outstanding sire of five Breeders' Cup winners.
Red Alligator was a champion Thoroughbred racehorse who won the Grand National in 1968.
He was retired to stud but died as a four-year-old in May 2002 after siring one crop of foals.
He was even better in 1962 when he won the Hardwicke Stakes and was narrowly beaten in the King George VI and Queen Elizabeth Stakes.
She was a Grade 1 stakes winner and the 2006 Kentucky Broodmare of the Year.
He was sent to England to be trained by Fred Rimell at Kinnersley.
She failed to reproduce her best form in two races as a three-year-old and was retired from racing.
Budpath was a Canadian Thoroughbred racehorse best known for winning Canada's most prestigious race, the King's Plate.
Charlebelle was a British Thoroughbred racehorse and broodmare that won the 1920 Epsom Oaks.
She failed to win in 1974, despite being placed in several important races and later won two races after being transferred to the United States.
Her other important wins included the Cleeve Hurdle and the Champion Hurdle Trial.
He was less successful in 1989, but added a win in the Queen Anne Stakes.
Darshaan was a British-bred, French-trained Thoroughbred racehorse and a Champion sire and broodmare sire.
His fan club contacted Newmarket Racecourse, where he had his most wins and his last victory, to request a memorial there to him.
Michelozzo is a retired British Thoroughbred racehorse best known for winning the 1989 Classic St. Leger Stakes under jockey Steve Cauthen.
Marling was an Irish-bred, British-trained Thoroughbred racehorse and broodmare.
Daedalus was a British Thoroughbred racehorse and sire.
Although he won the race, McManus was disappointed.
The gelding failed to win at seven and died the following spring after complications arising from colic surgery.
Rayon d'Or's most important win came in the Classic St. Leger Stakes.
It was that vision that produced the great Gone West.
He later had some success as a stallion.
She was transferred to the United States and won the Hollywood Invitational Handicap.
The only filly in a field of eight three-year-olds, Capades won the 1989 Broad Brush Stakes by five and a half lengths.
Ebor was a British Thoroughbred racehorse and sire best known for winning the classic St Leger Stakes in 1817.
Overturn is an Irish-bred thoroughbred racehorse trained by Donald McCain, Jr..
Helissio was a Thoroughbred racehorse sired by Fairy King and a grandson of Northern Dancer.
He was one of the nominees of 2010-2011 Hong Kong Horse of the Year.
Steady Power is a Canadian Thoroughbred racehorse.
Prince Rose was a British-bred, Belgian-trained Thoroughbred racehorse, often referred to as the best horse in Belgian racing.
Ruler of the World is an Irish Thoroughbred racehorse who won the Epsom Derby in 2013.
In 1894, Berson was sold to Capt.
He also finished runner-up to the outstanding English-trained colt Troy in both the Epsom Derby and the Irish Derby.
Owned by Godolphin Racing LLC and trained by Kiaran McLaughlin, in 2011 she won the Busher Stakes, the Acorn Stakes and the Coaching Club American Oaks.
Crafty Lace was a Thoroughbred racehorse who was voted Canadian Horse of the Year in 1962.
He was voted Best Older Male Horse in the JRA Awards for 2015.
He started at odds of 8/5 and won from Bwana Tumbo and Tipsand.
He has won 12 of his 14 races in Italy but did not win outside the country until his six-year-old season.
Peppers Pride's dam is the Chili Pepper Pie mare Lady Pepper that placed in the 1990 Bluebonnet Stakes.
English trainer Fred Darling called Hurry On the best horse he ever trained.
Sent to Churchill Downs in Louisville, Kentucky, he finished fourth behind winner Go For Gin in the Kentucky Derby
At age three, he was ridden by 17-year-old jockey Wayne Wright to a new record for the mile in the 1934 Derby Trial Stakes.
Java Gold is an American Thoroughbred racehorse who won Grade 1 races and sired two Champions.
Minstrella failed to win in four attempts as a three-year-old and was retired from racing.
In winning the Cup she became just the seventh mare to win the race.
Regret was a famous American thoroughbred racehorse and the first of three fillies to ever win the Kentucky Derby .
Racing Hall of Fame trainer, Jimmy Conway.
A specialist sprinter, she is best known for winning the Breeders' Cup Filly & Mare Sprint in 2012 and 2013.
Snow White was a champion Standardbred harness racehorse.
Miche was an Argentinian Thoroughbred racehorse who was imported to the United States in 1948 where he successfully competed at the top levels of racing.
A Bit O'Gold's 2004 performances earned him the Sovereign Award for Champion 3-Year-Old Male Horse.
With a chance at the American Triple Crown, he finished third in the Belmont Stakes.
The only horse besides Sunline to win as many major races in both Australia and New Zealand was Gloaming, who raced around 1915.
Since retiring from racing she has become a successful broodmare, with her progeny including Playful Act, Nathaniel and Great Heavens.
He took sole possession of the record when winning the Morgiana Hurdle on 17 November 2013.
He was also renowned for his jumping ability, having not fallen in 100 races.
He was foaled in 1952, and throughout his racing career in the 1960s he was owned by Jim Reade.
He is best known as an important sire of Champions, and his son Uncle Mo was the leading freshman sire of 2015.
In a career which lasted from late summer 1987 until September 1988, he ran eight times and won five races.
[4] Gold Strike raced at age four with her best result a second in the Hendrie Stakes.
Achilles of Troy is a thoroughbred horse.
Crab also known as Old Crab and Mr. Panton's Crab was a British Thoroughbred racehorse.
He was trained by W. Elliott Walden and ridden in all three races by Pat Day.
Her career tally was 13 races worth £136,440.
His early racing career was unremarkable but he made steady improvement and eventually retired with a record of thirty-five wins and nineteen places from sixty-five races.
She was named for the rare Indian Skimmer, a bird.
Dutch ovens are usually made of seasoned cast iron, however some Dutch ovens are instead made of cast aluminium, or are ceramic.
In a racing career which lasted from October 2003 until August, 2006 he ran fourteen times and won two races.
Bred by Catherine Wills, Furthest Land is the first registered foal from the unraced mare, Flagrant, a daughter of Rahy.
As styles of performance have developed since the time of Astley, so too have the types of venues where these circuses have performed.
However, Belmont sold Fenian in October 1870 to Dr. D. Kerwin for $70.
Reigh Count was bred by Willis Sharpe Kilmer and foaled at Court Manor near New Market, Virginia.
A winner of both races (including the Gallinule Stakes in his native country he is better known for his performances in international competition.
Injured in the fall, he was retired to stud duty, having been syndicated for US$20 million.
He was over $120,000 ahead of Lonesome Glory, with the two having split decisions in their head-to-head meetings.
She was bred by Peter J. Moor, chairman of the Board of Directors of the Thoroughbred Breeders Association of Zimbabwe.
Jack Horner sustained a serious injury in training shortly afterwards and was retired without competing again.
California Chrome returned to his winning form in his first start on a turf course in the Hollywood Derby in late November.
Then, from the back of the 14-horse field, the French colt Arazi began making a move.
His sire was Reform, a son of the very important sire Leamington.
She finished third when matched against male opposition and made favourite for the St Leger before ending her career by finishing sixth in the Champion Stakes.
Wood Axton never got to see Paradisical's success.
In a racing career which lasted from June 1990 until April 1992 she won four of her seven races.
Lemberg won his most important victory as a three-year-old in 1910 when he won the Epsom Derby.
Tyrnavos was a British Thoroughbred racehorse and sire, best known for his win in the 1980 Irish Derby.
He is best remembered for winning the 1984 Withers Stakes and placing second three weeks later in the $400,000 Grade 1 Preakness Stakes to Gate Dancer.
After two defeats later in 1990 Tirol was retired to stud, where he had some success as a sire of winners.
Diadem was bred and owned by Edgar Vincent, 1st Viscount D'Abernon, and trained by George Lambton.
She later became a very successful broodmare.
Trained by Bobby Barnett, at age two Answer Lively made seven starts, winning four and finishing second once.
It can also be used to interdict enemy shipping, such as World War II's Battle of the Atlantic.
Al Capone II won the Prix Georges Courtois three out of four years between 1993 and 1996, finishing second in 1995.
Gay Gallanta is an American-bred, British-trained champion Thoroughbred racehorse and successful broodmare.
After her retirement from racing she became a successful broodmare.
In that race he came second to Celtic Shot in the Tommy Whittle Chase.
Great Hunter is an American Thoroughbred racehorse.
Oriana was a British Thoroughbred racehorse and broodmare who won the classic Oaks Stakes at Epsom Downs Racecourse in 1810.
Sun Beau was an American Thoroughbred Champion Hall of Fame racehorse.
After winning a maiden race at Ascot Racecourse on her debut she defeated twelve opponents to take the Group One Cheveley Park Stakes in September.
He is notable for winning a series of major races in 1999 and 2000 including the Dubai World Cup.
Northern Dancer was relocated to the Maryland branch of Windfields Farm, where he became the most sought sire of his time.
In 1959 she was voted American Champion Older Female Horse honors.
Precious Bunny is a bay Standardbred pacer and sire.
His dam was Prudent Girl, a daughter of Primera who raced in England where he won back-to-back editions of the Princess of Wales's Stakes in 1959-1960.
At the start of 2010, D' Funnybone established himself as the top three-year-old sprinter in the nation after winning the Hutcheson and Swale Stakes.
He went on to prove himself a top class stayer, winning the Goodwood Cup in 1872.
He was retired to stud in 1814 and became a successful sire of winners before being exported to Mecklenburg in 1832.
She was sired by the Canadian Champion 2-Yr-Old-Colt, Regal Classic, a grandson of Northern Dancer.
In his later career he acquired a reputation for unpredictable and sometimes dangerous behaviour and was described as "the world's naughtiest horse".
His repeated victories made him one of the most popular racehorses in the history of British racing.
As a two-year-old, his best result in a major race for his age was a third in Mrs. Orpen's Cup and Saucer Handicap.
She was then retired to stud, where she had some success as a broodmare.
In all she ran twenty-two times between July 1836 and October 1838, winning eight races.
Unraced as a juvenile, he won three minor races as a three-year-old in 1975 but was beaten when tried in higher class.
Quiet resolve was retired in October 2002 following a training injury.
He is currently at stud in Ireland.
Just a Game was a Champion Thoroughbred racehorse who competed in Ireland and in the United States where she was recorded as Just A Game II.
Doubledogdare's 1955 performances saw her win six of ten starts and finish second twice, earning $127,689.
Rooster Booster was a British-bred thoroughbred racehorse, best known for winning the 2003 Champion Hurdle.
After retiring from racing she became a successful broodmare, with her son Clarissimus winning the 2000 Guineas.
He was sired by the 1994 Breeders' Cup Sprint winner, Cherokee Run, a descendant of the very important sire Nearco.
Peteski was a Hall of Fame Champion Thoroughbred racehorse who won the Canadian Triple Crown in 1993.
Trabolgan is a retired, Irish-bred, British-trained Thoroughbred racehorse who competed in National Hunt racing.
Memnon was later trained at Newmarket and recorded his most important subsequent victory when winning the Ascot Gold Cup as a five-year-old in 1827.
After her retirement from racing she had some success as a broodmare, producing the Canadian International Stakes winner French Glory.
She is buried in the Marchmont Cemetery at Claiborne Farm near Paris, Kentucky.
Lawyer Ron was an American thoroughbred race horse.
In that year's Breeders' Cup Classic, Behrens disappointed his backers with a seventh-place finish.
He was the first winner of the Derby at Epsom to be owned by a woman.
Mango was a British Thoroughbred racehorse and sire best known for winning the classic St Leger Stakes in 1837.
General Assembly was an American Thoroughbred racehorse.
He won the Coronation Cup at four, but was beaten in his two remaining starts by his long-standing rival Colorado
On 7 October 2008, it was revealed she had a life-saving operation on a twisted bowel.
Norcliffe earned 1976 Horse of the Year honors in Canada.
She later had a successful career as a broodmare.
The filly won 20 of the 21 races she entered in 2004.
He was one of the smallest Thoroughbreds to win a notable race, being technically a pony under some definitions of the term.
He finished racing with a record of 6-3-6 in 17 starts and career earnings of $1,216,760.
Bred in Kentucky he was sold for $240,000 as a yearling and sent to race in Europe.
Eddington is a millionaire American Thoroughbred racehorse and successful sire bred in Kentucky by Carl Rosen and Associates and raced under the Willmott Stables banner.
Black Helen was the first foal to race by La Troienne, later acknowledged as one of the most influential American broodmare of the twentieth century.
Fonso died at the age of 26 while standing as stud at the Oakwood Stud Farm in Lexington, Kentucky in 1903.
Trained by Dave Woodford, for his Preakness win, Colonel Holloway was ridden by jockey Clarence Turner.
He also ran third in the 2000 Guineas.
After finishing as the runner-up in the 1000 Guineas, she won the Oaks Stakes, Coronation Stakes, Lancashire Plate, St. Leger Stakes and Newmarket Oaks.
His next race was in the Florida Derby where he finished fourth.
Mount Nelson is a British-bred, Irish-trained Thoroughbred racehorse and sire best known for winning the Eclipse Stakes in 2008.
Due mainly to health issues, Cono, then age 84, sold her in the November 2008 Fasig-Tipton Kentucky Selected Mix Sale.
She was trained in England and Dubai during a racing career which consisted of eight races between May 1997 and July 1999.
Grey Momus won one competitive race and took three walkovers in 1839 before being retired.
He won the race, a 12-furlong handicap over heavy ground, with ease and followed it up with two more wins in as many races.
Invincible Spirit was trained by John Dunlop and owned by Prince A.
After two unsuccessful runs in 1978 he was retired from racing having won nine of his twenty-four races.
Timber Country - the 1994 Breeders' Cup Juvenile and Preakness Stakes winner
On her next appearance she won the Falmouth Stakes and was then retired from racing.
was trained by Graeme Rogerson, and ridden by Chris Munce in his most important wins.
Van der Hum was a New Zealand Thoroughbred racehorse, who won the 1976 Melbourne Cup when ridden by Bob Skelton.
He was retired to stud where he became a very successful breeding stallion.
Tasso subsequently raced for Gerald Robbins and was trained by Neil Drysdale.
At the end of the year he was bought by Sheikh Mohammed and retired from racing to become a broodmare.
By far his most important win came on his first appearance as a three-year-old when he won the Derby as a 30/1 outsider.
Three weeks later, he contested the Group 1 July Cup at Newmarket Racecourse, finishing in seventh behind Fleeting Spirit.
In October of that year he moved down to middle distances to win Europe's most prestigious weight-for-age race, the Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe.
As a three-year-old, she was seven-for-nine and was voted the 1990 Eclipse Award for Outstanding Three-Year-Old Filly.
Recapturetheglory is a bay horse bred by Charles Jacobi.
Jezabeel was a top New Zealand thoroughbred racehorse.
This article is about the thoroughbred horse.
As a two-year-old The Minstrel was unbeaten in three races including the Dewhurst Stakes, but lost two of his first three starts in 1977.
At age four in 1985, Lashkari won once in five starts and finished second in the Group 2 Grand Prix de Deauville.
His owners were John Magnier and David Nagle.
2013 Eyeshine : Bay filly, foaled 27 February, by Dubawi - unplaced only start to date in England 2016
Westerner is a French-owned Champion Thoroughbred racehorse who competed successfully at racing venues across Europe.
Priam was regarded by experts as one of the best horses to have raced in England up to that time.
2014 Diodorus : Bay colt, foaled 9 May, by Galileo - placed third only outing to date in Ireland 2016
The Bear Flag is the official flag of the state of California.
After the Preakness, trainer Woody Stephens announced that Believe It would not challenge the two horses in the Belmont Stakes.
Hurricane Run was a world champion Irish-bred thoroughbred racehorse.
He was the first Australian trotter to break two minutes with a time of 1:59.3 on 19 November 1977 at Moonee Valley.
He won the St. Leger, the Gran Premio del Jockey Club and the Gran Premio di Milano.
Winslow Homer was retired May 18, 2013.
He was retired to stud at the end of the season and exported to Argentina in 1942.
She was by Danzig, one of Northern Dancer's most influential sire sons.
His prize money at the time was an Australian record.
Kicking King is a National Hunt racehorse trained in Straffan, Co. Kildare, Ireland, by Tom Taaffe.
After being retired from racing she had considerable success as a broodmare.
These victories, along with successes from two-year-olds Alfred Nobel and Lillie Langtry, helped Danehill Dancer be crowned champion sire in Great Britain and Ireland that year.
Amberleigh House was the horse that won the 2004 Grand National.
Abermaid was an Irish-bred, British-trained Thoroughbred racehorse and broodmare who won the classic 1000 Guineas in 1962.
His name was derived by splicing the beginning of his sire's name "A P" with the holiday that he was born on, "Valentine's Day".
He won his first and only steeplechase in October 1999 but was killed in a training accident seven days later.
After winning a highly competitive maiden race on his racecourse debut he went on to win the National Stakes, Norfolk Stakes, Molecomb Stakes and Gimcrack Stakes.
Wollow won three more important races before his retirement later that year.
She was retired from racing at the end of the year and has had some success a broodmare.
His performances in 1995 earned him the Eclipse Award for Outstanding Male Turf Horse.
Shirley Heights was a British-bred and British-trained Thoroughbred race horse, winner of the Epsom Derby in 1978.
Binocular’s career record reads 9 wins, 3 seconds and 2 thirds, with 2 of his wins coming in Grade 1 races.
Andrés Bezzola, owner of Haras el Centauro, noted that the presence of Lido Palace is a valuable contribution to Peruvian breeding.
Shepperton was bred, owned, and conditioned for racing by Hall of Fame inductee Fred H. Schelke.
Imagine was an Irish Thoroughbred racehorse and broodmare best known for winning the Irish 1000 Guineas and the Epsom Oaks in 2001.
He was then retired to stud and had some success as a sire of winners before being exported to India in 2013.
In all, he recorded five wins and five placings in a career of thirteen races.
The stallion had had melanoma, a disease many gray horses get, for years but it had not caused him any pain until recently.
Precisionist was an American Hall of Fame Thoroughbred racehorse.
Trainer Colin Little said "Enough is enough.
Trained by Ben Jones, in 1943 Nellie L. won the Kentucky Oaks  and Acorn Stakes, two of the most important races for her age group.
Fair Play was an American-bred Thoroughbred racehorse that was successful on the track, but even more so as a sire.
He ran fourth in the Kentucky Derby and third in the Preakness Stakes to winner Alysheba, then was second to Bet Twice in the Belmont Stakes.
He was out of the mare Mintwina, who was also the dam of Morrissey's Canadian Horse Racing Hall of Fame inductee, Bunty Lawless.
He was moderately successful overseas, where he won a further four times from 16 starts.
Milligram was a British Thoroughbred racehorse and broodmare, best known for her win over Miesque and Sonic Lady in the 1987 Queen Elizabeth II Stakes.
Gun Bow was noted for his rivalry with five-time American Horse of the Year Kelso.
On his first start under him in December 2001, he again won the Tingle Creek Chase.
Her only race away from Newmarket was for her début, in the Oaks Stakes in 1803.
The horse was trained and driven by Trond Smedshammer.
The streak included three Grade/Group 1 wins against male horses in three different countries.
He failed to reproduce his best form in his three remaining races and was retired to stud at the end of the year.
Because of that, all notes with these kinds of relations can be grouped under the same pitch class.
Belle's dam was Belle of Killarney, and her sire was Slewacide.
She recorded her most important win when taking the Irish 1,000 Guineas on her three-year-old debut, but was beaten in her three subsequent races.
He was bred in Ireland and originally trained in Great Britain.
His grandson, Bend Or, became the direct male ancestor of most modern Thoroughbred racehorses.
Riley's only offspring of note was his daughter, Hurley Burley, who was the dam of Burgomaster, a successful sire.
He also finished second in the Hollywood Gold Cup, Metropolitan Handicap, and Breeders' Cup Classic.
In 1980 he was awarded the honour of being the Australian Champion Racehorse of the Year.
He was twice named Japan's champion miler.
This display to honor the winner of a signature race by painting his silks upon an object spread throughout the world at other tracks.
War Cloud was a British-bred Thoroughbred racehorse who was the first horse to compete in all three U.S.Triple Crown races.
Marienbard was an Irish-bred, British-trained Thoroughbred racehorse best known for his win in the 2002 Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe.
By May 1908, Pink Star had been gelded and retired from racing due to poor performance and having a bad temperament.
Disappointment followed in the Preakness Stakes, the second leg of the U.S.
The House and Garden have been recognised as a "Maison des Illustres" and "Jardin remarquable" rewarding their outstanding qualities.
Intello is trained by André Fabre and owned by Wertheimer et Frere.
Dark Secret was the son of 1925 Kentucky Derby winner Flying Ebony.
He was raced in Australia under the name Subscribe before being sold by his owner Lloyd Williams.
He set many records which includes the Australasian record of 19 successive wins, many in Principal Races.
In a racing career which lasted from April to August 2005 the filly ran five times and won three races.
He is also noted for his gallant runners-up behind Northerly in the 2002 Caulfield Cup.
He also finished second to Big Zeb in the 2010 Queen Mother Champion Chase.
At the end of her three-year-old season she was retired from racing to become a broodmare.
At the end of the year she was sold to a Japanese breeding syndicate and exported to Japan.
She is currently co-owned by Irwin Molasky and trainer Bruce Headley.
Captain Steve was an American Thoroughbred racehorse.
Annie Power is an Irish Thoroughbred racehorse.
Awesome Gem ran as a long shot in the prestigious Grade I 1-1/4-mile Breeders' Cup Classic at Monmouth Park on October 27, 2007.
Owen Tudor was a British Thoroughbred racehorse and sire.
She had some success as a broodmare, despite producing only five foals.
McLean was the publisher of the Washington Post and other newspapers through inheritance and had purchased the Hope Diamond in 1911.
Efendi was out of the mare Hatasoo, a daughter of Albert.
In 1988 she beat some of the best colts in England, Ireland and France.
In his preparation for the cup, he broke down after running a 1 min.
Though she was registered as roan, she was, in fact, a gray with a white blaze on her face.
As a three-year-old in 1981 he won four of his six races including the Prix Jean de Chaudenay, Prix du Prince d'Orange and Champion Stakes.
As a three-year-old she won the Nell Gwyn Stakes and then took the Classic 1000 Guineas for her trainer and part owner Pam Sly.
Rince Ri was a National Hunt racehorse.
Racing as a three-year-old, he finished third in the 1986 Plate Trial Stakes and then won the first two legs of the Canadian Triple Crown.
In 2011 he won the Japanese Triple Crown and was voted Japanese Horse of the Year.
Pappa Fourway was an Irish-bred, British-trained Thoroughbred racehorse.
Atlantic was the first Classic winner ridden by Fred Archer.
In a racing career which lasted from April 1993 to November 1994 the filly ran twelve times and won four races.
Wizard only stood as a stallion for two years before dying in an accident in 1813.
In a career which lasted from 1928 until September 1929, he ran ten times and won six races.
Pussy was retired to Bentinck's stud in 1837 but did not produce any noteworthy offspring.
Coneygree is a British Thoroughbred racehorse who competes in National Hunt races .
Tammany was the retrospective American Horse of the Year for 1892.
His daughters produced several notable sires, including Storm Cat, A.P.
He won the 1950 Melbourne Cup carrying 9 stone 5 pounds and set an Australasian record of 3 minutes 19½ seconds.
Kingsgate Native is an Irish-bred, British-trained Thoroughbred racehorse.
He later ran in the Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe, finishing fifth behind stablemate Dylan Thomas.
He was the first Canadian-bred horse to place in an American Triple Crown race.
In 1988, he was the dominant middle-distance horse in Britain, winning a second Eclipse Stakes and taking the King George VI and Queen Elizabeth Stakes.
Lashkari was out of the French mare Larannda – a daughter of Right Royal, who was a multiple Group One winner in England and France.
After his retirement from racing he had considerable success as a sire of winners before his death in 2010.
He failed to win in five starts as a juvenile and was gelded before the start of his second season.
Fonso was an American Thoroughbred racehorse and was the winner of the 1880 Kentucky Derby.
After winning nine races, including the Gimcrack Stakes at York as a two-year-old in 1859 he won the Epsom Derby on his first start of 1860.
Belmar was an American Thoroughbred racehorse owned by the Preakness Stables of Preakness, New Jersey.
He won on his three-year-old debut, but then finished third to Mill Reef and Brigadier Gerard in the 2000 Guineas.
Popkins was a United Kingdom Thoroughbred racehorse.
He was bred in Kentucky before being acquired by the Coolmore Stud and sent to race in Europe.
Cat Thief's dam was the multiple stakes winner, Train Robbery, a daughter of U.S.
Sired by Inchinor to dam Cape Merino, the chestnut gelding was trained by David Oughton.
Northern Dancer retired to stud in 1965 at Windfields Farm in Canada.
In a career that lasted from April to October 1799 he ran four times and won two races.
He was owned by Sir Hedworth Williamson throughout his racing career.
She made little impression as a broodmare.
Donor was an American Thoroughbred racehorse sired by the champion Challedon.
Lido Palace is a Thoroughbred racehorse who competed successfully in Chile and the United States.
He was originally trained in Italy, where he won eight races at the ages of three and four including the Group One Premio Vittorio di Capua.
Speightstown - won Breeders' Cup Sprint, American Champion Sprint Horse, career earnings $1,258,256
Be My Guest was an American-bred Thoroughbred racehorse and Champion Sire in Britain.
He was named American Champion Sprint Horse in 2007.
Exceller is widely considered one of the best horses to race in the United States not to win a year-end championship.
He was the first horse in history to win one million dollars.
Landing lights are lights, mounted on aircraft, that illuminate the terrain and runway ahead during takeoff and landing.
He showed high-class form without winning as a four-year-old but his form deteriorated when he races without success in North America.
He was twice voted American Champion Older Male Horse.
In autumn she won the Joe McGrath Memorial Stakes in Ireland before becoming the first horse trained in Europe to win the Japan Cup.
Bred in Florida, he was a son of Intentionally and out of the mare My Dear Girl, the 1959 American Champion Two-Year-Old Filly.
For his performance in the 2003 racing season One Cool Cat earned the Cartier Racing Award as Two-Year-Old European Champion Colt.
Among Men was an American-bred British-trained Thoroughbred racehorse and sire.
She produced several winners including So Factual and is the female-line ancestor of numerous major winners including Dansili, Leroidesanimaux, Banks Hill and Intercontinental.
Timoleon, was a good American Thoroughbred racehorse and was later an important sire.
Classy 'n Smart was a Canadian Hall of Fame Thoroughbred racehorse.
Of his 138 starts, he was out of the money only on four occasions.
April the Fifth was a British Thoroughbred racehorse and sire.
She had modest success as a dam of winners.
None have produced three winners of this race.
In 2014 he won the Craven Stakes and finished third in the Queen Elizabeth II Stakes.
He was named European Champion Sprinter in 1991.
Lavandin was a French Thoroughbred racehorse and sire.
At age three, he started in three races, earning his best result with a 2nd in the Iowa Derby.
Meadow Star was an American Thoroughbred Champion racehorse.
In a career that lasted from July 1853 to September 1854 he ran ten times and won eight races.
When read, the sentence seems ungrammatical, makes almost no sense, and often requires rereading so that its meaning may be fully understood after careful parsing.
In 2001 Papillon returned to Aintree to attempt to defend his winning record.
He is trained by Gary Hennessy in Matamata.
He showed considerable talent as a juvenile, winning the Prix Yacowlef, Prix Morny and Prix de Seine-et-Oise.
Sicambre was a French Thoroughbred racehorse and Champion sire.
Cavalcade was an American Hall of Fame Champion Thoroughbred racehorse.
She won the 2012 Prix de Diane, but died in an accident later in the year.
Racing Hall of Fame trainer, Guy Bedwell.
In 2013 he was sold and sent to be trained in Australia where he won the Herbert Power Stakes.
A winterbook favorite for the Kentucky Derby, Our Boots won the Blue Grass Stakes, then finished eighth in the Derby and third in the Preakness Stakes.
He won in each of the six seasons that he raced as a three-year-old to an eight-year-old.
She reached her peak as a five-year-old in 1983 when she emerged as one of the leading middle-distance performers in Europe.
Don Enrique was out of the mare Bella Donna, a daughter of Hermit.
Oguri Cap was inducted into the Japan Racing Association Hall of Fame in 1991.
Regal Classic is a Canadian Champion Thoroughbred racehorse.
Secrettame was a daughter of the great Triple Crown winner Secretariat.
May Hill was a British Thoroughbred racehorse and broodmare.
In a racing career which lasted from 1824 until 1828 he ran fifteen times and won nine races.
He was retired to stud in 1824 and proved a successful sire of winners, despite limited opportunities.
Sea Bird is most famous for his victories in two of Europe's most prestigious races: the Epsom Derby and the Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe.
The gelding is trained by Shaune Ritchie, who was the strapper for the hugely successful and popular 1985 Derby winner Bonecrusher.
Triple Crown series after winning the Wood Memorial Stakes at Belmont Park in Elmont, New York.
He was bred by Catesby Woodford of Runnymede Farm in Paris, Kentucky and raced by Frank J. Nolan's Beverwyck Stable.
Collection is an Irish-bred, Hong Kong based Thoroughbred racehorse.
He stood as a breeding stallion in Europe and Japan, having limited success as a sire of winners.
She had ten career wins including three Group one races.
He lived another six years, being put down during or shortly after the cold winter of 1962–3.
He was bred and owned by Woodlands Stud and trained by John Hawkes.
Bred and raced by John and Fannie Hertz, she was born at their Leona Farm near Cary, Illinois.
Phantom was a British Thoroughbred racehorse and sire.
Trained by Shug McGaughey, Lure is best known as the turf racing specialist who won back-to-back runnings of the Breeders' Cup Mile.
He returned to Yorkshire as a six-year-old to win a division of the Great Subscription Purse at York before being retired to stud.
The story of this race is recounted in the lyrics of the Kentucky folk song Molly and Tenbrooks.
As a three-year-old she finished fourth in the 1000 Guineas at Newmarket before winning Oaks at Epsom.
Beldale Flutter was an American-bred, British-trained Thoroughbred racehorse and sire.
Since her retirement from racing she has had some success as a dam of winners in Japan.
Like his sire, Rip Van Winkle was also trained by Aidan O'Brien.
She never raced again and was retired from racing.
He later had some success as a steeplechaser, but was increasingly affected by respiratory problems and was retired from racing in 2001.
In addition, her first foal Charming is the dam of the Breeders' Cup Juvenile Fillies winner Take Charge Brandi.
He stayed in training until the age of six, winning only two more races, but finishing second in four Group One races.
Minoru's bid to win the British Triple Crown ended when he was beaten by Bayardo in the St Leger.
In a career that lasted from May 1800 to May 1802 he ran nine times and won five races.
The other racehorse born in this area is Phar Lap.
The favourite was the Bart Cummings trained local Gold and Black, who came in second.
Buoy was a British Thoroughbred racehorse and sire.
After being beaten by Fiterari in the Grand Prix de Paris he returned in the autumn to win the Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe.
Her sire was the outstanding Smart Strike, a two-time Leading sire in North America who also sired Curlin, Soaring Free, and English Channel, among others.
Kingcraft remained in training for two more seasons but had little further success and was retired to stud.
He won the Irish Champion Hurdle in 2008 before switching to chasing, where he has won six Grade 1s over fences.
He later stood as a breeding stallion but had little success as a sire of winners.
From the outset he was trained as a sprinter, with no race longer than a mile.
Scintillate was a British Thoroughbred racehorse and broodmare best known for winning the classic Oaks Stakes in 1979.
Flat Out is a retired American Thoroughbred racehorse and prospective breeding stallion.
He was retired from racing after being injured on his only start as a five-year-old in 1802.
She was retired from racing after her St Leger win and had some success as a broodmare.
Slip Anchor was the fifth Epsom Derby winner whose sire and paternal grandsire were themselves winners of Britain's premier classic.
He is a homebred for Wertheimer et Frere and trained by Todd Pletcher.
In 1998 he won the NHK Mile Cup and the Japan Cup.
He also sired other successful flat-racers Tremont, Virgilian and Carley B, winner of the 1882 Travers Stakes.
Bosra Sham - 1996 European Champion 3-Year-Old Filly whose Group One wins include the British Classic, the 1,000 Guineas, and the Champion Stakes
He won 18 races from 55 starts on the flat.
Lawman was trained by Jean-Marie Béguigné and owned by Claudio Marzocco and Ernesto Ciampi.
Manila was an American Thoroughbred Hall of Fame Champion racehorse.
A bay colt, Alysheba was sired by Alydar out of the mare Bel Sheba, by Lt. Stevens.
He finished racing with a record of 10-3-1 in 18 starts and career earnings of $2,283,402.
Her name means "breathtaking" or "dazzling" in French.
He was sired by Flares, a son of U.S.
In a year in which he set a track record at Thorncliffe Park Raceway, Bull Page made sixteen starts and was unplaced on just two occasions.
The Racing Post rated her one of the ten best jumping mares of the 20th century.
Maram was euthanized on September 6, 2012, after an acute illness.
She won the Deutsches Derby, Grosser Preis von Baden and Hong Kong Vase.
He was purchased for $15,000 by Helen Hay Whitney's Greentree Stud, Inc. for whom he served stallion duty at their breeding farm in Lexington, Kentucky.
As a two-year-old in 2009 he was undefeated in three races and was voted Japanese Champion two-year-old colt.
After an unsuccessful campaign in 1998 she was retired to stud where she had some success as a broodmare.
Salsabil was then retired to stud where she had success as a broodmare before dying of cancer in 1996.
Wild Again was an American Thoroughbred racehorse by Icecapade out of Bushel-N-Peck.
Private Account was an American Thoroughbred racehorse whose wins included the Grades 1 Gulfstream Park and Widener Handicaps under jockey Jeffrey Fell.
His offspring have met with limited racing success.
He was a bay colt sired by Longstreet out of the mare Stone Nellie.
Normally he was ridden by jockey Noel D Riordan.
Madelia was an undefeated French Thoroughbred racehorse that was the French Champion Three-Year-Old Filly in 1977.
Madden purchased Gooch's share of Sir Barton when he decided to keep the colt and race him under his own colors.
He was owned by Thomas Kirby as a two-year-old, before being purchased by Richard Watt, who owned him for the remainder of his racing career.
Champs Elysees is a retired Thoroughbred racehorse who has competed successfully in Europe and North America.
This bay filly was foaled in 1896, and was by the outstanding racehorse and sire, Trenton from Insomnia by Robinson Crusoe.
Her daughters also went on to become top broodmares in their own right.
She subsequently finished second in the Yorkshire Oaks and third in the Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe before being retired at the end of the season.
Although jockey Dick Francis tried to cajole the horse, it was unable to continue.
She was sired by Prince of Wales Stakes winner, Watercress, out of the Golden Garter mare, Gold.
At three, she was sent to California to be trained by Charlie Whittingham.
He died in 2001 at the age of twelve.
When racing in Britain, the horse was known as Kashmir II.
He was the favorite horse owned by Marcus Daly.
He was the leading British two-year-old of his generation, winning five successive races in 1931 including the Champagne Stakes and the Middle Park Stakes.
At three, Commentator won the seven-furlong Perryville Stakes, setting a track record of 1:25.19.
Variety Club is a South African Thoroughbred racehorse.
Musjid developed leg problems after the Derby and never ran again.
He won the Emirates Stakes, a Group one race.
After winning one of her two starts in 1979, she won the Musidora Stakes on her three-year-old debut before winning the Oaks in record time.
In 1957, he became the first horse trained in Ireland to win the St Leger.
He was raced in partnership with Vice Regent's owner, Windfields Farm.
Meisho Samson is a Japanese racehorse which won the Tokyo Yūshun and Satsuki Sho in 2006, and the Tenno Sho in 2007.
However, the colt suffered an injury to a shin that kept him out of racing until early March 1990.
At age three in 2003, she made six starts at racecourses in France and England.
Palestine retired to stud in 1951 and in 1964 was the leading Irish sire of two-year-olds.
In the following year she won her first two races before finishing second to Sole Power in a Listed race at Doncaster.
He made no impact as a sire of winners.
In a racing career that lasted from June 1895 to July 1897 he ran nine times and won seven races.
Big Drama finished fifth in the 2009 Preakness Stakes at Pimlico Race Course in Baltimore, Maryland, after bobbling at the start.
Young Traveller was a British Thoroughbred racehorse best known for winning the classic St Leger Stakes in 1791.
Again ridden by Moore, she won the Irish Oaks easily.
Hibaayeb is a British Thoroughbred racehorse and broodmare.
After being sold for $100,000 as a yearling he was sent to Europe where he made a considerable impact as a two-year-old in 2005.
Dancer's Image was an American Thoroughbred racehorse who is the only winner in the history of the Kentucky Derby to have been disqualified.
Forever Yours was an American Thoroughbred racehorse retrospectively named the 1935 American Champion Two-Year-Old Filly.
In 1791 he proved himself one of the best British colts of his generation, by winning the Epsom Derby and four other races.
He was officially rated the best stayer in the world on three occasions.
Un de Sceaux is a French-bred AQPS racehorse who competes in National Hunt racing.
In the Preakness, he fended off two strong challengers in the homestretch and won by  1 1⁄2 lengths.
In fourth was the previous year's Gold Cup winner, See More Business, ridden by Mick Fitzgerald.
In the latter race he sustained serious injuries which led to his retirement shortly afterwards.
Take Charge Lady is an American Thoroughbred racehorse and broodmare.
He had some success as a breeding stallion and died in 2011.
Adena Springs later moved operations to Paris, Kentucky, where Congaree stood through the 2009 breeding season.
Unraced as a juvenile, he won three of his four races in 2014 without being tested against top-class opposition.
On his penultimate start he produced arguably his best performance when finishing second in the Breeders' Cup Classic.
Bernborough was foaled at Rosalie Plains near the township of Oakey in the Darling Downs in Queensland.
He raced without any further successes in 2005, 2006 and 2008.
At the end of 2005, he was sent to KRA Jeju Stud Farm in South Korea.
She was retired back to her owners' breeding facilities in Maryland on January 12, 2008.
Sir Harry was much more active in his two remaining years, running fifteen times and winning seven more races including several match races and King's Plates.
Since 1919, Easy Goer is one of only ten horses to sweep the Belmont, Travers and Jockey Club Gold Cup.
Teggiano was an Irish-bred, British-trained thoroughbred racehorse and broodmare.
In 2004, she won the Breeders' Cup Filly & Mare Turf and came 2nd to Intercontinental the following year in the same race.
Indian Maid was an American Thoroughbred racehorse who won three consecutive editions of the Falls City Handicap at Churchill Downs.
Initially trained by Eoin Harty, John Shirreffs conditioned the horse for his last seven starts.
Scotzanna, Canadian Champion Three-Year-Old Filly & Canadian Champion Sprint Horse
His earnings exceeded $1.8 million, which established him, along with Risen Star, Lady's Secret, and General Assembly, as one of his sire's top performers.
She was injured in her only subsequent race and was retired to stud.
He was owned by the Hugh Grosvenor, 1st Duke of Westminster and trained by John Porter at Kingsclere.
After his retirement from racing he stood as a breeding stallion in the United States and Argentina with limited success.
In his career, Punjabi has amassed 12 wins, 2 places and 4 shows, with all four of his 12 wins coming in Grade 1 races.
In her best season in 1995 she won six Group races and was named European Champion Sprinter.
Both races were surrounded by allegations of race-fixing and corruption.
Dubawi is a retired Thoroughbred racehorse and active sire.
In Australia he had twenty-nine starts for one win and a dead heat.
She was retired from racing to become a broodmare in Japan and produced at least eleven winners.
After failing in his first season at stud he returned to racing in 1977 and won the Prix Foy.
Made a 3:1 second choice by bettors for the Kentucky Derby, he finished eighth and then ran sixth in the Preakness Stakes.
Office Queen was a brown American Champion racehorse.
On grass she earned a second in the Grade I E. P. Taylor Stakes and the GII Canadian Stakes.
He was ridden on the day by the Irish jockey, Denny Wynne.
He is owned and bred by octogenarian, Bridget Swire.
Racing Hall of Fame jockey Fred Taral.
His name has several meanings in Irish but translates as Stud Bay in the eyes of his owner.
Mom's Command was a multiple Grade I-winning American Thoroughbred race horse.
She won Hong Kong Vase and two group races in 2003.
He was sired by U.S. Hall of Fame Champion Buckpasser out of the mare Drama School by Northern Dancer.
Zeal was a British Thoroughbred racehorse and broodmare, which won the eighth running of the classic 1000 Guineas.
That win has been claimed as one of the greatest sprint victories in New Zealand.
Newspaper reports of the early 1940s described him as a little chestnut colt.
On November 6, 2010, Mine That Bird was retired from racing after being winless in nine starts since the Kentucky Derby.
For the 1926 National Jack Horner was owned by Mr. A.C. Schwartz who had paid 5,000 guineas for him a week beforehand.
He was sired by Cassock and out of the mare, Speedy.
He won twice in the following season before racing without success in 1794.
Athens Wood was owned and raced by Eileen Joel Rogerson, the daughter of prominent financier and racing stable owner, Solomon Joel.
The following is a list of the foals of Three Troikas:
He had little opportunity to prove himself as a sire of winners, dying in 1981 at the age of five.
After her retirement from racing she became a successful broodmare.
He is best remembered for his runner-up performances in the $200,000 93rd running of The Preakness Stakes to Kentucky Derby winner Forward Pass.
Bigstone was an Irish-bred, French-trained Thoroughbred racehorse and sire.
Bryn Mawr was an American Thoroughbred racehorse is best known for winning the 1904 Preakness Stakes.
In 2014 she added victories in the Dubai Sheema Classic and the Arima Kinen earning her a second Horse of the Year award.
Murphy once said of his prized horse: "He is a horse that I thought could go right to the top."
Show Gate was Owned Bred And Trained by Gordon Thomson of Mosgiel.
Though having a measure of stamina, speed was Court Martial's forte, which is reflected in his stock.
Trained by Lee Freedman and ridden by Shane Dye, he won in the then record time of three minutes and 17.1 seconds.
At times she was more concerned with running over the competition than actually running by them.”
At the time of the race, owner Jim Joel was aged 92 and had been trying to win the Grand National since 1957.
At Kyoto Racecourse, he was second in the 2001 and 2002 Mile Championship.
Before she ever appeared on a racecourse, she displayed such a lack of promise that she was nearly returned to Ireland, where the stud then was.
Considered a very great long-distance turf horse, in his fourteen starts on grass Manila never finished worse than second.
This film has a similar plot to 1989 Indian film Maine Pyar Kiya.
Most Improved is an Irish Thoroughbred racehorse who won the 2012 St. James's Palace Stakes at Royal Ascot.
He was trained in his early years at Caulfield by Geoff Murphy.
When switched to larger obstacles he was one of the leading novice steeplechasers of 1991/1992, winning the Lightning Novices' Chase and the Nottinghamshire Novices' Chase.
Over Alinghi's short career she beat other Group 1 winners including Hollow Bullet and most notably another three-year-old champion in Fastnet Rock.
Video of his last win, in the Waterford Crystal Mile here.
In November 1959 he won the Melbourne Cup at Flemington Racecourse.
Quality Road - winner of the 2009 Florida Derby, 2010 Donn Handicap
Caractacus was a Thoroughbred racehorse that won the 1862 Epsom Derby.
He was twice winner of the Grosser Preis von Berlin, trained by Heinz Jentzsch.
New Bay is a British-bred, French-trained Thoroughbred racehorse.
One of the leading American two-year-olds of 1951, Hill Gail recorded his most important success the following spring when he won the 1952 Kentucky Derby.
He had 10 horses in front of him and he nearly fell trying to make his run.
The horse competed for six years during which time he was a three-time winner of both the Louisiana Handicap [1] [2] [3] and the Lecomte Handicap.
Racing at age two, Donor won seven of his twelve races.
His victories included two Doncaster Cups in the late 1790s and the St. Leger Stakes at Doncaster in 1795.
He was by the Horse of the Year-winner Tom Fool, and his dam was the stakes-winning mare Busanda, by the Triple Crown-winner War Admiral.
He sustained a career-ending injury when he cracked the cannon bone in his near hind leg.
Other of Traffic Judge's progeny who were successful in racing included multiple stakes winners Green Ticket, Traffic Mark, Judgeable and Grade 1 winner Court Ruling.
At the end of the season he was named European Champion Sprinter at the Cartier Racing Awards.
In a racing career which lasted from June 1994 to October 1995 she ran thirteen times and won six races.
Pope was a half-brother to the prolific broodmare Penelope, the dam of the influential stallions Whisker and Whalebone who were also sired by Waxy.
He was moved to England in the late summer of his three-year-old season and subsequently emerged as one of the leading middle distance horses in Europe.
His offspring have met with limited racing success.
Solario was a successful British Thoroughbred racehorse and influential sire.
In a racing career which lasted from October 1994 until August 1996 he ran nine times and won four races.
Pass Catcher was a United States Thoroughbred racehorse that won the 103rd running of the Belmont Stakes.
On May 26, 2009 he was put down after suffering a colic attack.
The Racing Post called him "the world's fastest horse".
That same year he was named the country's top grass equine by being voted 1977 American Champion Male Turf Horse honors.
After this he was sold to the Marquis of Rockingham.
Charlotte was a British Thoroughbred racehorse and broodmare who won the inaugural running of the classic 1000 Guineas at Newmarket Racecourse in 1814.
He was out of the mare Not Afraid, a daughter of 1943 U.S.
The following year, Mill House he took Arkle on again in the Gold Cup but lost.
Known as the Coalfields Champion from Newcastle, Rogilla raced during a vintage era of the Australian turf.
In a career that lasted from June 1829 to August 1831 he ran five times and won once.
In 1975 he was narrowly beaten in the 2000 Guineas but went on to win the Irish 2000 Guineas and the Epsom and Irish derbies.
Amongst his major wins are the 2007 MVRC W.S.Cox Plate, 2007 MRC C F Orr Stakes, 2006 MRC Underwood Stakes and the 2005 MRC Yalumba Stakes.
He finished last in both of his subsequent races and was retired at the end of the year.
He died in 2014 at the age of 30.
Don John was a British Thoroughbred racehorse and sire best known for winning the classic St Leger Stakes in 1838.
Her dam was Trasher, a daughter of Trap Rock.
After one subsequent race she suffered a recurrence of her injury problems and was retired from racing.
Tasso's performances earned him U.S. Champion 2-Yr-Old Colt honors for 1985.
Lightly regarded, in his last race Hurryoff had gone unclaimed for $4,000.
Sookera was an American-bred Irish-trained Thoroughbred racehorse and broodmare.
"I bet on that horse ten years ago", was a common refrain.
She was small and possessed a gentle temperament.
Merry Ruler was a Thoroughbred racehorse who competed successfully in the United States.
He won the Classic St Leger as a three-year-old in 1965, defeating Meadow Court by ten lengths.
In a career which lasted from 1925 to 1928 he ran in thirty-nine races and won sixteen of them.
His granddam, Laughter, is a 3/4 sister to the great Ruffian.
He was retired to stud at the end of the season and stood as a breeding stallion in Japan, Australia and the United Kingdom.
However, in the Futurity he dead heated with Arco's Gold for the win but was subsequently disqualified for interference and set back to second.
"Believe It was a very nice colt last year and if I know anything at all it's that he has improved greatly this winter."
Pucker Up was an American Champion Thoroughbred racing mare.
Retired to stud, Peace Chance produced progeny that had limited success in racing, but he did sire Arbitrator, dam of the very important broodmare Almahmoud.
In 2008, Asiatic Boy won January's Al Shindagha Sprint, then ran third in the Burj Nahaar in early March.
In a career that lasted from 1883 to 1884 he ran thirteen times and won five races.
Musidora was an Irish-bred British-trained Thoroughbred racehorse and broodmare, best known for winning two Classics in 1949.
Kilijaro was an Irish-bred Thoroughbred racehorse and broodmare.
Her buyer, prominent Wall Street investor Carl Icahn, handed her over to trainer LeRoy Jolley for race conditioning.
In 2003, he won the Breeders' Cup Juvenile and was voted the U.S. Eclipse Award for Outstanding 2-Year-Old Male Horse.
The horse ran on June 5 in the third leg of the U.S.
Grandsire Gainsborough was the 1918 English Triple Crown champion.
Bred by Roy and Gretchen Jackson, he was trained at Ballydoyle by Aidan O'Brien and owned by Susan Magnier, Michael Tabor, Derrick Smith.
Woodman was an American-bred Thoroughbred racehorse who raced in Ireland but who is best known as a sire of a number of important racehorses.
Fonso had a career record of 12 starts, 5 wins, 3 places and 2 shows.
Surgery was successful, and he was entered in the Derby despite having only a maiden victory.
She retired with a record of nine wins, six seconds and four thirds in 21 starts with career earnings of $317,599.
After her retirement from racing she had some success as a broodmare, breeding several winners.
Over four seasons she won all her races against both female and male company at various race tracks across Europe, a record still unbeaten.
He was the leading colt of his generation in the United States, winning the Preakness Stakes and being voted American Champion Three-Year-Old Male Horse in 1965.
He went on to have a successful stud career in Great Britain and Japan.
Trained by Henry Cecil, he was sent to the track at age two in 1999.
Bred in Yorkshire, he won seven of his nineteen races in a career which lasted from April 1805 until September 1807.
She was retired to stud and became an influential broodmare, foaling Epsom Derby winner Pope and Epsom Oaks winner Pelisse.
The following year, the four-year-old's most important win came in the Widener Handicap.
Jim And Tonic is a retired FrenchThoroughbred racehorse.
Sire de Grugy is a French-bred, British-trained Selle Francais racehorse who competes in National Hunt racing.
Khaled was a British Thoroughbred racehorse best known as a sire in the United States.
In a racing career which lasted from July 1974 until August 1975 he ran eleven times and won eight races.
He was a chestnut colt sired by imported Esher out of the mare Lullaby.
She has had some success as a broodmare.
In September 1972 he was sent to England where he won the St. Leger Stakes at Doncaster.
Wahid's four-year-old season was a disappointment, with the exception of a good fourth-placing in the Kelt Capital Stakes.
Unlike the majority of modern racehorses, Flakey Dove was not a Thoroughbred.
His sire was the Hall of Famer Luke Blackburn, and his dam Tallapaloosa.
Racing at age three, Double Jay was one of the early favorites for the Kentucky Derby, the first leg of the U.S.
Dancing Brave was an American-bred, British-trained thoroughbred racehorse.
He was then retired to stud where he had some success as a sire of winners.
Sir Ivor was an American-bred Irish-trained Thoroughbred racehorse and sire.
[1] As a sire, Ladkin's progeny met with modest success in racing.
Vitigès was a French-bred Thoroughbred racehorse and sire.
She was one of the best two-year-old fillies of 1987, when she won all four of her races including the Cherry Hinton Stakes and Fillies' Mile.
Wichita Lineman was a National Hunt racehorse, foaled on 18 April 2001.
Littleprincessemma is a Thoroughbred mare who raced twice but is notable as the dam of the American Triple Crown-winning racehorse American Pharoah.
Thunder Rumble was an American Thoroughbred racehorse that The Blood-Horse called a "sensation at Saratoga" race course for his performances there in 1992.
At age five, she earned her largest purses, but even at six, she took her third Grade I Ramona Handicap.
In the fall he returned to the United States to defend his Breeders' Cup Turf title, but finished fourth to Pebbles.
He was retired to stud at the end of 1982 and had some success as a sire of winners.
In addition to her victories, she was placed in the Falmouth Stakes, Prix Jacques le Marois and Matron Stakes.
He then won the Agua Caliente Handicap in Tijuana, Mexico, in track-record time in his final race.
In early 2012 he won the Blue Grass Stakes, finished third in the Kentucky Derby and was the beaten favorite for the Belmont Stakes.
Six Perfections is a champion Thoroughbred race horse, bred by the Niarchos family.
Nonoalco was an American-bred Thoroughbred racehorse who raced in France.
As a four-year-old in 2002 he showed exceptional improvement and established himself as arguably the best sprinter in Europe.
he won the Preakness Stakes and finished third in the Belmont Stakes.
In a racing career which lasted from May 1972 until August 1973 she won five of her seven races and finished second in the other two.
Reviewer was an American Thoroughbred racehorse best known as the sire of U.S.
Jennings was the trainer of Gladiateur, winner of the British Triple Crown in 1865.
Pop Rock has since been sold to new owners and is now trained in Ireland by Takashi Kodama.
He was ridden by Isaac E. Lewis in the Derby.
Her only loss came when she went off stride in the Mistletoe Shalee.
He won the 2000 Guineas in 1926 and the Eclipse Stakes in 1927.
His most significant win came when he overcame a leg injury to win the 1837 Epsom Derby.
Foxzami, sired 1944 was a New Zealand thoroughbred racehorse.
As a three-year-old she finished second in the 1000 Guineas before being moved up in distance and winning the Oaks, Irish Oaks and Yorkshire Oaks.
Vito was conditioned for racing by future U.S.
Sarazen's 1925 wins included the Dixie Stakes on Preakness Day on the turf at Pimlico Race Course in Baltimore, Maryland.
He failed to reproduce his best form in 1967, but went on to be a successful stallion.
It is the modern term for a manor, but lacks the latter's now abolished jurisdictional authority.
Court Masterpiece is a British Thoroughbred racehorse and sire.
In the same year, his career and life were cut short by an injury suffered during the running of the 1998 Tenno Sho.
When the New York Times interviewed Lieut.
Vorda is a French Thoroughbred racehorse and prospective broodmare.
Collection began his racing career in England where he was trained by William Haggas.
In March 2015 he won the world's most valuable race, the Dubai World Cup.
He respectively finished 12th in 2010 and was pulled up before 3rd last fence in 2011.
Desirable was a British thoroughbred racehorse and broodmare.
As a two-year-old, D' Funnybone won in his first start on May 23, 2009 at Calder in a maiden special weight race.
At four, With Approval set a new world record of 2:10.26 for 1 3/8 miles on turf while winning the Bowling Green Handicap.
Maria's Mon was retired from racing due to a broken ankle.
Her owner announced that the filly would be sent to Islanmore Stud in County Limerick for breeding.
In 1972, Shenanigans foaled her most famous progeny: a brown filly by Reviewer named Ruffian.
Oratorio is an Irish Thoroughbred racehorse and sire.
He was retired to stud where he proved to be a successful sire of winners.
Master Minded is a French bred National Hunt racehorse presently trained in Great Britain by Paul Nicholls.
She was out of the first crop sired by Seattle Slew, 1977’s Horse of the Year and the 10th winner of America's Triple Crown.
Shoot A Line was a British Thoroughbred racehorse and broodmare.
After her retirement from racing she had limited success as a broodmare and died in 2006.
Celtic Ash was an English-bred Thoroughbred racehorse raised in Ireland who is best known for winning the 1960 Belmont Stakes.
Foolish Pleasure was an American bay Thoroughbred race horse who won the 1975 Kentucky Derby.
The Parader was an American Thoroughbred racehorse best known for winning the 1901 Preakness Stakes and finishing second in the Belmont Stakes.
His subsequent form was disappointing and he was retired from racing in 2000.
His racing career was then ended by injury and he was retired to stud where he had no success as a breeding stallion.
His tactical speed, ability to relax mid race and powerful sustained finishing burst are considered his greatest assets.
Chief Singer was an Irish-bred British-trained Thoroughbred racehorse and sire.
His dam was To Be Continued, a descendant of Nearco through Nasrullah and Bold Ruler.
Eole was an American Thoroughbred Champion racehorse who was one of the last of the great long distance runners.
Gildoran was an Irish-bred, British-trained Thoroughbred racehorse and stallion.
Out of a failed racemare called Miss Minnie who had produced no previous winners, he got Grey Lag.
In November 2011 she became the first German-trained horse to win a Cartier Racing Award.
Spectrum was an Irish-bred, British-trained Thoroughbred racehorse and sire.
The son of With Pleasure is best remembered for his runner-up finishes in the 1958 Kentucky Derby and Preakness Stakes.
Spion Kop was an Irish-bred, British-trained Thoroughbred racehorse and sire.
He then ran unplaced in the 2,000 metre Group 1 Turnbull Stakes.
In 1913 he showed promise as a juvenile, winning the Prix La Rochette.
The colt failed to reproduce his best form in three subsequent efforts in 1956 and won once from four attempts as a four-year-old.
Meteor was a British Thoroughbred racehorse who won the 2000 Guineas Stakes in 1842.
His "castle" is located on a hill about a mile east of Hamilton, MT.
The foal arrived at 0240 and did not stand until 0320.
Based in California, under U.S. Hall Of Fame trainer Charlie Whittingham, Perrault won several important races including the prestigious Arlington Million and Hollywood Gold Cup.
Being sired by Quiet American makes her-half sister to Kentucky Derby and Preakness Stakes winner Real Quiet, who lost the 1998 Triple Crown by a nose.
The name Eillo is Crown Stable owner Ollie Cohen's first name spelled in reverse.
She was retired for stud in 2001.
On March 6, 2001, at age twenty-three, De La Rose was euthanized due to infirmities of old age.
Tasso was also offered at the Fasig-Tipton Saratoga sales, but his reserve price of $50,000 was not met.
She later had some success as a broodmare.
He placed in the Saratoga Special, the Walden Stakes, the Flatbush Stakes, the Great Trial Stakes and the Spring Stakes.
His regular jockeys were Fred Archer and Tom Cannon.
Muscle Hill was purchased by Tom Pontone for $55,000 at the Harrisburg Yearling Sales in 2007.
Peleid was a British Thoroughbred racehorse and sire best known for winning the classic St Leger Stakes in 1973.
Hollywood Wildcat was an American Thoroughbred racehorse.
Charlottesville was a British-bred, French-trained Thoroughbred racehorse.
In a career which lasted from June 2002 until December 2004, he ran eighteen times and won four races.
However, he is an ancestor of a few Quarter horse lineages.
It was also the second-fastest Belmont in history, behind only the record performance of Secretariat in 1973.
Bred by Adolfo J. Bullrich, he was sired by Egg Toss, a son of the U.S.
L'Alezane returned to racing in 1979 but suffered an injury that led to the valuable future broodmare having to be euthanized.
Dawn Run was an Irish Thoroughbred racehorse who was the most successful racemare in the history of National Hunt racing.
He was voted United States Harness Horse of the Year in 1971 and 1972.
Tom Fool was an American Thoroughbred racehorse, a winner of the American Horse of the Year award and a Hall of Fame inductee.
Noblesse was a champion thoroughbred racehorse and has been regarded as the greatest filly ever trained in Ireland.
His mother was a blind mare with a difficult temperament, whose unpredictable behavior necessitated that he be raised by a foster mare.
His trainer Roger James has described him as both the best horse he's trained and the most frustrating.
She was purchased for $1.5 million at the 2007 yearling sales and earned $1,763,260 in 12 starts.
Shared Belief was an American Thoroughbred racehorse.
He was euthanized in 2003 due to complications from laminitis.
He was then exported to Britain where he became an influential breeding stallion.
Cawston's Pride has been retrospectively rated the best two-year-old filly trained in Britain in the second half of the 20th century.
He never won again although he was placed in the Princess of Wales's Stakes and the Prix Foy as a four-year-old.
Volksgeist is a German loanword for a unique "spirit" possessed collectively by each people or nation.
Given an excellent ride out in front by Greg Childs, the colt was never headed and scored a narrow but authoritative win.
He was out of the fantastic mare, Hasili whose damsire, Kahyasi, won the 1988 Epsom and Irish Derbys.
Running at the same time as Seabiscuit, Malicious was also the center of adoring fans.
In 1993 he has named European Champion Two-Year-Old Colt at the Cartier Racing Awards.
Exhibitionnist was a French-bred, British-trained Thoroughbred racehorse and broodmare, best known for winning two Classics in 1937.
Oh So Sharp was an Irish-bred, British-trained Thoroughbred racehorse best known for winning the Fillies' Triple Crown in 1985.
Game On Dude is a retired American Thoroughbred racehorse gelding.
Kingman was an American Thoroughbred racehorse owned by Kinzea Stone of Georgetown, Kentucky and the winner of the 1891 Kentucky Derby, Phoenix Stakes and Latonia Derby.
At eight, he took the Kings Point Handicap.
After his retirement from racing he stood as a breeding stallion in the United States and Australia with limited success.
Hernando was a French Thoroughbred racehorse and sire.
At the end of the year he was rated level with Australia and Kingman as the best three-year-old colt in the world.
Back In Front is a retired, Irish Thoroughbred racehorse who competed in National Hunt racing.
Ack Ack was an American Thoroughbred Hall of Fame racehorse.
Colstar is an American Thoroughbred racehorse and broodmare.
He was retired immediately after his biggest win and became a successful breeding stallion in South Africa.
After failing to make a mark as a steeplechaser he returned to hurdling and won the Relkeel Hurdle in 2014 and the Ascot Hurdle in 2015.
He was ridden by Pat Glennon and carried a weight of 8-11.
In May's Kentucky Derby, he moved into second place by the three-quarters of a mile pole but faded to finish fifth behind winner Aristides.
Kentucky Gold was a Thoroughbred racehorse who was sold for a world-record $625,000 in 1974.
Carlotta Maria was sired by the Irish stallion Caro.
Nocturnal Spree was an Irish Thoroughbred racehorse.
She never raced again, but proved to be a successful broodmare.
He was then exported to the United States for stud duty.
To date, Sarazen is the only repeat winner of the Dixie.
Leigh owned and bred her dam, Free At Last, who was a daughter of the 1978 Epsom and Irish Derby winner, Shirley Heights.
Sultan was a British-bred Thoroughbred racehorse and a leading sire in Great Britain and Ireland for six successive seasons.
Dam of Sir Slick, Miss Opera, was the winner of 6 races including the Listed Castletown Stakes.
Try My Best was an American-bred, Irish-trained Thoroughbred racehorse.
Adrian Maguire rode him in his Gold Cup win where he won by a short-head over The Fellow with Docklands Express back in a close third.
The horse remained in training for two more seasons but never fulfilled his early promise.
He was owned by Mr. and Mrs. Walter M. Jeffords, who bred him.
He was also placed second in the Belmont Stakes and the Jockey Club Gold Cup.
The owner of Kimball called a foul in the race against Fonso, but the placing was not altered.
In May 2014, he won the 2000 Guineas.
He was awarded the race on the disqualification of Craganour after a rough and controversial race.
Furthermore it is not limited to Romanticism as it is commonly known.
He won the Tenno Sho as a four-year-old and was retired from racing after an unsuccessful bid for the Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe.
Phalaris was a British bred Thoroughbred racehorse, later a Leading sire in Great Britain and Ireland and a Leading broodmare sire in Great Britain & Ireland.
Itsallgreektome was an American Thoroughbred Champion racehorse.
In a career which lasted from May 1966 until June 1967 he ran nine times and won five races.
Aggressor was a British Thoroughbred race horse and sire.
He was then sold to Lioyd Williams, the owner of 2007 Melbourne Cup winner Efficient, and moved to the Melbourne stable of John Sadler.
He was bred and raced by prominent horseman and CEO of Gulfstream Aerospace Allen Paulson, who also owned U.S.
He was soon on the winning trail with a victory in a maiden race at York Racecourse six weeks later.
Decathlon was purchased for $15,500 at a 1954 Kentucky yearling sale by Robert J. Dienst, president of Beulah Park Racetrack in Columbus, Ohio.
His five-year-old season started well, with a win at Ellerslie followed up with a third behind champion galloper Xcellent in the Sir James Fletcher Stakes.
He won the Jerome Handicap in September  and in late October defeated Honest Pleasure to win the Jamaica Handicap.
He was bred and raced by Robert E. Brennan's Due Process Stable.
Despite running only twice in 1884, he proved himself to be one of the best two-year-olds of his generation by winning the Dewhurst Plate.
In September 2004, after producing 221 winners and 11 stakes winners, Alydeed was sold to Peaceful Valley Stud in Didsbury, Alberta.
Great Communicator suffered a breakdown in 1990 at the Carleton F. Burke Handicap in Santa Anita Park and was euthanized.
In a racing career which lasted from September 1987 until July 1990 he raced twenty times in six different countries and won seven races.
Ginger Punch is an American Thoroughbred racehorse.
Bred in Kentucky by Highclere, Inc. & Louis Roussel III and raced under the William Condren banner as his owner.
Shahtoush won only one minor race as a two-year-old, but showed top-class form when she finished third in the Group One Moyglare Stud Stakes.
Jorrocks was leading stake winner in New South Wales eight times.
Later that summer he finished second in the Sussex Stakes and fourth in the Prix Jacques le Marois.
Questionnaire had an outstanding year at age three.
Between July 1813 and June 1814 he ran five times and was unbeaten, his wins climaxing with the Epsom Derby of 1814.
Imperatrice lived to the age of 34.
Jodami was an Irish-bred, British-trained Thoroughbred racehorse.
Sherluck was an American Thoroughbred racehorse best known for winning the 1961 Belmont Stakes and ending Carry Back's chance to win the U.S.
He was sired by 1981 Kentucky Derby and Preakness Stakes winner Pleasant Colony, out of the Rutledge Farm mare Snuggle.
was an Irish-bred, British-trained Thoroughbred racehorse best known for his victory in the 1956 Grand National.
Dance Spell also notably earned a second in the Woodward Stakes and the Jim Dandy Stakes plus a third-place finish in the Travers Stakes.
His other major wins in 1981 came in the St. James's Palace Stakes, Waterford Crystal Mile and Queen Elizabeth II Stakes.
Wilderness Song - multiple stakes winner in Canada and the United States, 1992 Canadian Champion Older Mare
He also won a number of other weight-for-age races in this period, including the Mercedes Classic, the AJC Queen Elizabeth Stakes, and the Doomben Cup.
The horse was trained by Josh Gifford.
In music, the term note has three primary meanings:
An eye-witness account read, "Donor hit the home stretch with a clear lead, but Vulcan's Forge was closing the gap.
In 1998 she won the 1000 Guineas by five lengths and was the beaten favourite in the Epsom Derby.
Lord Gyllene died at the age of 28 on 12 December 2016.
Keen Ice is an American Thoroughbred racehorse, best known for winning the 2015 Travers Stakes in an upset win over Triple Crown Champion American Pharoah.
In 1999 he again finished seventh in the Breeders' Cup Classic.
She retired with race earnings of £1,900,740
Swain is an Irish-bred Thoroughbred racehorse and sire.
After retiring from racing Bona Vista became a successful stallion, siring Ascot Gold Cup winner Cyllene.
Following an average three-year-old season he, like his sire, came into his own as a four-year-old, winning several significant contests.
After his retirement he became a successful stallion and is currently standing at the Derrinstown Stud in Ireland.
While racing, he wore green and yellow blinkers.
He was the leading sire in Australia nine times, the leading sire in Great Britain and Ireland three times, and the leading sire in France twice.
Glencoe was a British bred Thoroughbred racehorse, who won the 2,000 Guineas Stakes and the Ascot Gold Cup.
Vertigineux was taken to Hagyard Medical Institute in an attempt to save her, but she could not be saved.
From this match came a bay filly he named Searching.
Display – 1926 Preakness Stakes winner and sire of Discovery
While it is widely believed that the term "upset", referring to a surprising loss, originated with this horse, that is not the case.
A specialist sprinter, she won five of her twelve races in a racing career which lasted from August 2008 until October 2010.
At the 2012 Cheltenham Festival, Big Buck's made history by winning 4 consecutive World Hurdles, confirming his status as the greatest staying hurdler in history.
Midway Road was a multiple graded stakes winner besr remembered for his two grade one runner-up finishes in important stake races during his career.
Virgil was notable for breeding successful nineteenth century race horses and stood at Milton H. Sanford's Elmendorf Stud in Kentucky.
Triple Crown Champion, Secretariat, and out of the 1982 Australian Horse of the Year, Rose of Kingston.
Nannina is a retired British Thoroughbred racehorse.
He is out of Pretty Discreet, a Grade I winner of the Alabama Stakes, herself a daughter of Private Account.
Entrepreneur was a British Thoroughbred racehorse and sire.
Her sire is the 2005 American Horse of the Year, Saint Liam.
She was regarded as a leading contender for the following year's classics but was suspended from racing after failing a drug test in April 2013.
He has amassed over £600,000 in prize money, and has won major races such as the 2011 Fighting Fifth Hurdle.
Her other feature wins were the Champion Stakes and Grand Prix de Saint-Cloud.
In the summer of 1846 he proved himself one of the best British colts of his generation, winning the Epsom Derby.
Nichols Canyon is a British-bred Thoroughbred racehorse.
In a racing career restricted to six races between October 1995 and August 1996 he established himself as one of the leading sprinters in Europe.
Maryfield is a retired Hall of Fame and Champion Thoroughbred racehorse.
Unraced as a two-year-old, it took her four tries to break her maiden at age three.
His later career was interrupted by injury but he returned to finish second in the Champion Hurdle in 2016 and 2017.
In a career that lasted from July 1876 to May 1877 he ran eleven times and won five races.
Chance Shot was an American-bred Thoroughbred racehorse and sire.
Waxy remained at Euston Hall for the remainder of his life and was used as a breeding stallion until his death on 18 April 1818.
His later career was disrupted by injury and he failed to win again after his Gold Cup success.
In 1829 she won five more races including three walkovers when no horses appeared to challenge her.
As of 2016, she was the last filly to win this title.
She won the Irish Champion Hurdle but missed the whole of the next season through injury.
In a career that lasted from 1877 to 1878 he ran thirteen times and won three races.
She was sired by Danehill, a multiple Champion sire in England, Ireland, and France and the most successful sire in the history of Australian Thoroughbred racing.
In a career that lasted from 1849 to August 1852 he ran ten times and won five races.
Following success in Group 3 and Group 2 races, Allied Powers' next engagement was a Group 1 race in Hamburg.
In a career which lasted from June 1910 to May 1911 he ran nine times and won six races.
He finished fourth in both the Kentucky Derby and the Belmont Stakes before winning the Jim Dandy Stakes.
He never recovered his best form thereafter and was retired from racing in 2002 with a record of seven wins and three places from eighteen races.
Sired by Canadian Hall of Famer Deputy Minister, out of Obeah, Go For Wand was foaled and raised at Jane du Pont Lunger's Christiana Stables.
She was regarded as one of the greatest fillies of the modern era.
After three seasons in Australia, Tobin Bronze was sold to American interests but not before winning his final race start in Australia, the 1967 W.S.
Trading Leather was an Irish Thoroughbred racehorse best known for winning the 2013 Irish Derby.
He was trained by Aidan O'Brien and owned by John Patrick McManus.
She is a chestnut with a blaze on her face, a stocking on her left hind leg and a sock on her right hind leg.
In 1974 he won the Lockinge Stakes and recorded the first of his four wins in the Abernant Stakes.
In a career that lasted from May 1786 to May 1788 he ran at least three times and won two races.
Enzeli is a retired Irish-bred Thoroughbred racehorse and stallion.
His form continued into the following spring, but his career was effectively ended by his defeat in the Ascot Gold Cup.
After a less impressive year in 1824 he was retired to stud and became a highly successful and important breeding stallion.
Both Choisir and Mastercraftsman, who are also now stallions at Coolmore, have made promising starts as sires.
Stone Street was an American Thoroughbred racehorse that is primarily remembered for winning the 1908 Kentucky Derby.
Purchased by owner Adolph Basser for £2,665 at the 1948 Sydney yearling sales he was trained by former jockey and successful trainer Maurice McCarten.
Vindication covered 78 mares in the 2007 season.
He died in Japan at sixteen years.
Whiskery was sold in 1927 to the Stone-Hancock-Woodward partnership for $60,000 for use as a stud horse.
Ginger Gold is a Canadian Champion filly Thoroughbred racehorse.
Nedawi, is a retired British Thoroughbred racehorse and active sire.
He was the best Irish two-year-old of 1971, when his victories included the National Stakes.
Rain again affected the track for the Derby, and the race was postponed 24 hours due to storm warnings.
He attempted to win his fourth consecutive Sir Barton Stakes but finished sixth.
Trained by Stephen A. DiMauro, The Very One is best known for her grade two score in the 1979 Dixie Handicap at Pimlico Race Course.
Purchased by Harry S. Nichols for just $1,500, he handed her over to trainer Roger Laurin to see what he could do.
Swoon's Son died at Mineola Stock Farm in 1977 and is buried there in the farm's equine cemetery.
A chestnut, Bonecrusher was nicknamed Big Red - the same name as the champions Man o' War, Secretariat and Phar Lap.
Footstepsinthesand sustained an injury during the race and never ran again, retiring to stud undefeated after a career of only three races.
Better Loosen Up was an Australian Thoroughbred racehorse that won the Japan Cup in 1990 and was named Australia's champion racehorse in 1991.
He showed very good form as a juvenile, winning the Moet & Chandon Rennen in Germany and finishing a close second in the Middle Park Stakes.
Youth was an American-bred French Thoroughbred racehorse.
Unraced as a two-year-old, he showed promise when winning two minor races as a three-year-old in 2012.
Sporting blue silks with a pink fleurs-de-lys and yellow sleeves, Alcohol is a favourite with the punters in South Australia.
Gilles de Retz was a British Thoroughbred racehorse and sire best known for winning the classic 2000 Guineas in 1956.
Lucky Nine is an Irish-bred, Hong Kong based racehorse.
Olwyn was a British Thoroughbred racehorse and broodmare best known for her win in the 1977 Irish Oaks.
Elusive Quality stands at stud at Darley America's Jonabell Farm in Lexington, Kentucky.
A. Faisal and Godolphin Racing and trained in Nemarket by Roger Varian.
In all, Les Arcs won twelve races and was placed ten times from forty-two starts between May 2003 and August 2010.
During her career she recorded 13 wins in 16 starts, capping it off with the prestigious Breeders Crown 2YO Filly Pace.
Val de Loir stood at Haras de Sassy in Saint-Christophe-le-Jajolet in Lower Normandy.
A Florida foal of March 2003, he was a top contender for the Triple Crown in 2006.
He was bred by A. J. Alexander at his Woodburn Stud in Woodford County, Kentucky.
Kalitan was an American Thoroughbred racehorse best known for winning the 1917 Preakness Stakes.
Sallust was an Irish-bred British-trained Thoroughbred racehorse and sire.
Estrapade developed Cushing's syndrome and was pensioned from the Hill 'n' Dale Farms breeding operation in Lexington, Kentucky.
She, along with several other racers for the Whitney stable, was leased to Herman Duryea.
Law Society was an American-bred, Irish-trained Thoroughbred racehorse and sire.
In 2008 he became one of relatively few American-trained racehorses to win a major international race overseas when he won the Dubai Golden Shaheen.
In the 2009 Kentucky Derby, Dunkirk finished 11th after stumbling badly at the beginning.
After winning the Fred Darling Stakes on her three-year-old debut, Shadayid took her unbeaten run to five by winning the Classic 1000 Guineas at Newmarket.
His dam was Tofanella, a foundation broodmare for the Tesio's Dormello Stud in Dormelletto, Italy.
Arkle was a famous Irish Thoroughbred racehorse.
In a career that lasted from April 1834 to April 1835 he ran seven times and won six races.
He went on to win the Prix du Rond Point at three and the International Stakes and Prix Dollar as a four-year-old.
She was sired by Fleet Nasrullah, a son of Nasrullah, and her dam was Moment of Truth.
The mare died sometime in 2014 due to an acute colic attack.
However, Butler died in 1934, and his estate sold Questionnaire at auction.
He is best known for winning the 2004 King George VI and Queen Elizabeth Stakes.
In a career that lasted from autumn 1949 to June 1950 he ran four times and won three races.
Landaluce was a champion American Thoroughbred race horse.
Margot Did is an Irish-bred, British-trained Thoroughbred racehorse and broodmare.
Nownownow is an American Thoroughbred racehorse who won the inaugural running of the Breeders' Cup Juvenile Turf in 2007.
In the 15 starts he had after his Derby win, he never finished closer than seventh.
L'Escargot was a racehorse notable as being the horse who halted the winning run of Red Rum at the Aintree Grand National in 1975.
He was best known for his achievements in 1986 when he was voted American Champion Two-Year-Old Colt.
She was put down after suffering an injury in training in February 1999.
He was a contender for the U.S.
Hydrogen failed by a neck of being the first horse to win three Cox Plates when beaten in 1951 as a three-year-old.
Tapestry foaled 18 January 2011 is an Irish breed Thoroughbred racehorse.
Sired by Sadler's Wells from the dam Kasora, Black Bear Island was a full brother to six time Group One winner High Chaparral.
He was put down after breaking a leg in a race at Cheltenham in December 2007.
Untold was a British Thoroughbred racehorse and broodmare.
He was retired to stud where he stood as a stallion for several years but made little impact as a sire of winners.
After winning three of her first four races she defeated the Derby winner Mameluke in a controversial race for the 1827 St Leger.
Ebaziya is a retired Irish-bred Thoroughbred racehorse and mare who won three Listed races.
Chester was an Australian Thoroughbred racehorse and a leading sire.
L'Enjoleur was a Canadian Thoroughbred race horse.
Throughout most of his racing career, Mucho Macho Man was primarily owned by Dean and Patti Reeves of Reeves Thoroughbred Racing of Suwanee, Georgia.
He was then retired to stud but died after siring only one crop of foals.
He remained in training in 2013, but failed to recover his best form.
As a three-year-old he failed to win in three races, being narrowly beaten in the King's Stand Stakes and the King George Stakes.
In September of the same year she won the Regret Handicap at Aqueduct Race Track, beating Dorcas by three lengths.
Prince of Penzance is a New Zealand-bred Thoroughbred race horse who won the 2015 Melbourne Cup.
In the same year in which he also won the Newmarket Stakes, the Predominate Stakes and the Gordon Stakes.
Colonial Affair was an American Thoroughbred racehorse.
Bewitch was the only filly of the three.
He is one of only two horses to win two editions of Britain's premier weight-for-age race, the King George VI and Queen Elizabeth Stakes.
At five, she took five of seven starts, beginning with three straight wins at Santa Anita Park in California.
And then at the age of 9, on October 21, 2010, he took the Sycamore Stakes taking him over 2 million dollars.
Spanish Moon is an American-bred and British-trained Thoroughbred racehorse, owned by Khalid Abdullah.
He was the leading British two-year-old of 1885 and went on to win the Grand Prix de Paris in June 1886.
Yahoo was a National Hunt racehorse, who is best remembered for finishing second in the 1989 Cheltenham Gold Cup to Desert Orchid.
On August 9, 2014 Seek Again won the Grade II Fourstardave Handicap in course record time.
She was bred to Tapit in 2015 for her 2016 foal, a filly named Chasing Yesterday.
As at April 12, 2010 he has sired 505 winners, including 58 stakes winners, from 732 race starters.
He retired from racing after winning five races from eleven starts.
Circular Quay is a thoroughbred racehorse who was a 2007 Kentucky Derby contender.
A form line through Nagami, who was third in the Derby, gives credibility to the theory that a fully fit Alcide would have won the race.
He was undefeated as a two-year-old, including wins in the Woodcote Stakes and Champagne Stakes.
Canebora is a Thoroughbred racehorse who won the Canadian Triple Crown in 1963 and was voted the Sovereign Award for Horse of the Year.
Dalray was a notable New Zealand thoroughbred racehorse who won the 1952 Melbourne Cup and Mackinnon Stakes.
She was voted the American Champion Two-Year-Old Filly of 1987.
He finished second in the Sheridan Stakes and the Peabody Hotel Handicap, and had a third-place finish in the Pelham Bay Handicap.
I'll Have Another is a North American Thoroughbred race horse, bred in Kentucky, owned by Canadian businessman J. Paul Reddam and trained by Doug O'Neill.
Bernardini is a thoroughbred race horse, at Darley Stable in Kentucky.
Smart Deb was an American Thoroughbred Champion racehorse.
Fiveforthree was an Irish Thoroughbred racehorse who competed in National Hunt racing.
As a four-year-old he won the Coronation Stakes, Prince of Wales's Stakes in the first half of the season before succumbing to a respiratory infection.
Her dam was Star Fairy, a daughter of The Satrap, the 1926 English Champion Three-Year-Old Male Horse who was a son of the great The Tetrarch.
Zafonic - won British Classic 2,000 Guineas Stakes European Champion Two-Year-Old Colt
In January 2007, the bill was reintroduced.
He was the top two-year-old in Canada and was the country's top horse in 1945 at age threew.
Polar Falcon was an American-bred, French-trained Thoroughbred racehorse and sire.
Roman Line's racing career was cut short by a training injury at Monmouth Park Racetrack on June 11, 1962.
However, McManus and McCoy later decided he was fit to run.
Lanfranco was a British Thoroughbred racehorse and sire.
His dam was Lady Langden whose sire, Kettledrum, won the 1861 Epsom Derby.
He became jockey Jerry Bailey's 2nd Kentucky Derby winner and the second in a row for trainer D. Wayne Lukas.
Arts and Letters was an American Hall of Fame Champion Thoroughbred racehorse.
My Flag was an American Thoroughbred racehorse.
Anita Peabody died unexpectedly of an infection at Leona Farm on August 27, 1934, having produced three foals.
Law Society died in 2011 at the age of twenty-nine.
Ballabriggs is a retired Grand National-winning National Hunt racehorse trained by Donald McCain, Jr. in Cholmondeley, Cheshire and owned by Trevor Hemmings.
In 1985, the then five-year-old Cozzene had his best year in racing with wins in won four of eight starts.
Mobil is a retired Canadian Thoroughbred racehorse.
She was sired by the 1936 Epsom Derby winner Mahmoud who was imported to the United States in 1940 by Cornelius Vanderbilt Whitney.
After a distinguished racing career, Tiutchev was finally retired after being pulled up in the 2005 Betfair Bowl at Aintree.
When racing in Britain, the horse was known as Baldric II.
She failed to win as a three-year-old but finished second in the Epsom Oaks and the Nassau Stakes and third in the Yorkshire Oaks.
In a racing career which lasted from May 1974 until April 1975 she won five of her seven races.
For his performances, Bullish Luck earned his second Hong Kong Champion Miler title in 2006, and was voted Hong Kong Horse of the Year.
He then changed yards again in the summer of 1999, as he joined the yard of Nicky Henderson.
On November 4, 1927, Bateau was ridden by Earl Sande, a noted jockey of the 1920s.
His later career was disrupted by illness and he appeared in only two more races, finishing unplaced in the Derby and winning the Kiveton Park Stakes.
Boston Harbor is an American Thoroughbred racehorse.
He was bred in France and trained in Great Britain.
Parisot was owned by Sir Frank Standish, who won the 1796 Epsom Derby with his colt Didelot.
1995 - Dance Smartly Stakes - 2nd
She has made little impact as a broodmare.
She was bred and raced by Khalid Abdullah's Juddmonte Farms.
In Spring 2004 he won the race considered the Weight for Age Championship of Australasia, the Cox Plate, beating the previous year's winner Fields of Omagh.
He made little impact at stud, but was the damsire of Lochsong.
Bred and raced by J. W. Hunt Reynolds of Lexington, Kentucky, his dam was Farfaletta and his sire was General Abe Buford's very good runner, Enquirer.
After winning a minor race on her debut she won the Group Two May Hill Stakes and the Group One Fillies' Mile.
His most notable success came in his first race as a three-year-old in 1999, when he won the 2,000 Guineas at Newmarket.
While he went on to win the important Jersey Handicap, he did not achieve the same level of success at three as he had at two.
Owned and trained by Green B. Morris, he was sired by Goldfinch.
He won three Group races including the Group One Prix de l'Abbaye in a career which lasted from 2002 to 2005.
He came close to winning the Whitbread and was pulled up at the 27th fence in the 1992 Grand National.
Her race conditioning was then turned over to future U.S.
Following his win in the Derby, Sir Thomas raced in the Prince's ownership with some success until 1790.
He is known for his unpredictable temperament, with major wins being interspersed with inexplicably poor efforts.
On his final start he finished second in the Derby.
Cam Fella was purchased as a 2 year old, by the two Norms, Norm Clements and Norm Faulkner.
Foaled on 30 April 1946, Star Kingdom was bred by Richard Ball, master of Cloghran Stud, in County Dublin, Ireland.
Symmetry was a British Thoroughbred racehorse and sire best known for winning the classic St Leger Stakes in 1798.
After returning to racing with little success and was retired again at the end of 2009.
Jimmy Choux resumed as a four-year-old, on 27 August 2011, with a second placing in the Challenge Stakes at Hastings.
He died from infirmities of old age on March 27, 2014.
Epsom Downs Racecourse was used throughout the war for an anti-aircraft battery, leading to the creation of a substitute or “New” version of the race.
Racing Hall of Fame inductee, Sun Beau.
The 5-year-old was expected to be one of the favorites for that fall's Breeders' Cup at Santa Anita.
As a sire, Sensitive Prince stood for a time at Wimbledon Farm in Lexington, Kentucky.
In a racing which lasted from July 2003 until October 2006 he competed in five countries and won six of his fifteen races.
Gallant Bloom was a plain brown filly sired by the great Gallant Man, also a plain brown horse.
Pinza was a Thoroughbred racehorse and sire.
Cannonade was an American Thoroughbred racehorse best known as the winner of the 1974 Kentucky Derby.
He was shipped north in the spring of 1990 to a base at Woodbine Racetrack in Toronto from which he won the Triple Crown.
Mike Fox is a Canadian Thoroughbred racehorse best known as the upset winner of Canada's most prestigious race, the Queen's Plate, in 2007.
In June 1913 Aboyeur won the Epsom Derby at record odds of 100/1.
He retired from racing having won nine of his fifteen starts and with earnings of US$1,908,832.
Frederick also known as "Frederic", was a British Thoroughbred racehorse and sire.
The regime worked, and after two years he was put back into training.
Blessbull was a Thoroughbred race horse, the son of Bless Me by Edabull.
As a four-year-old in 2000, he was 3-1-2 from 11 starts with earnings of $388,290.
Top Flight was an American U.S. Hall of Fame Thoroughbred racehorse.
Frankel's performance in the 2000 Guineas has been described as "one of the greatest displays on a British racecourse".
In 1973 he won the 2000 Guineas on soft ground, but ran poorly when strongly fancied for the Epsom Derby.
Bred by prominent Ontario owner/breeder Warren Beasley, he was sired by Nice Dancer, the 1972 Canadian Champion Three-Year-Old Male Horse.
Unraced as a Thoroughbred, the stallion Top Deck went on to become a famous sire of Quarter Horses.
She was then retired to stud and became a highly successful producer of winners.
In November 2002, Fly So Free was pensioned as a result of cardiac problems.
Pawneese was a French Thoroughbred racehorse who was Europe's top racing filly in 1976.
Slow to mature, she went on to be the champion older mare of 1997.
He was foaled in Kentucky, and was sold to race in England after initially failing to attract interest from American buyers.
He started as favourite for the 2010 Melbourne Cup but finished third, in his first race past 2,040 metres.
Sent to compete in England's important King George VI and Queen Elizabeth Stakes, Aquarelliste finished fourth to winner Golan.
Colombo was an outstanding two-year-old, unbeaten in seven races in 1933 and drawing comparisons with champions such as Isinglass, Persimmon and Bayardo.
Having been bought by Sheikh Mohammed at the end of her two-year-old season, she later became a highly successful broodmare for the Darley Stud.
Alinghi was later sent to the United States where her race conditioning was taken over by U.S.
He won his 2005 debut race as well as the Norfolk Stakes before finishing fourth to winner Stevie Wonderboy in the Breeders' Cup Juvenile.
Sly Fox won the 1898 Preakness in a year when the race was hosted by the Gravesend Race Track in Gravesend, Brooklyn, New York.
Starine was a French Thoroughbred racehorse foaled in Orne who competed in France and in the United States.
Typically, he'd break rather slowly, trail the pack, then finish very strong off-the-pace with little need of encouragement.
Unlike most modern racehorses, Imperial Call was not a Thoroughbred.
New Policy was an American Thoroughbred racehorse sired by Khaled and trained by John H. Adams shortly after his retirement as a jockey.
Dr. Fager was inducted into the National Museum of Racing and Hall of Fame in 1971.
In Ireland he won the Beresford Stakes as a two-year-old in 1971 and went on to win the Nijinsky Stakes and the Desmond Stakes in 1972.
Returning to the track in late 2015, he had promising workouts and was being prepared for a return to racing in 2016.
Martha's Son was retired from racing after failing to recover from serious muscular injuries in a race in November 1997.
He won the third running of the Belmont Stakes in 1869 for his owner August Belmont.
In his second Narragansett Special victory, he defeated Calumet Farm's Kentucky Derby winner Ponder and Santa Anita Handicap winner Vulcan's Forge in a three-way photo.
In 1919 he won both his races and became the first black horse for 106 years to win the Epsom Derby.
Bollin Eric, is a retired British Thoroughbred racehorse and active sire.
Southern Equine Stables paid that amount in order to acquire one hundred percent ownership.
After racing with mixed results over a variety of distances, the gelding emerged as a top-class performer when switched to sprint distances.
Birdcatcher, or Irish Birdcatcher, was an excellent Thoroughbred racehorse and a leading sire.
He was then retired to stud where he had little success as a sire of winners.
He was named American Champion Sprint Horse for 2015.
He was a wayward but brilliant galloper that won the Melbourne Cup and other group and listed races.
Bred and raced by the principals of Coolmore Stud, he was named for the village of Ballingarry in the southern part of County Tipperary in Ireland.
In the second leg of the Canadian Triple Crown series, the Prince of Wales Stakes, Alydeed was sent off as the prohibitive favorite at 1/9 odds.
Archers Bay was a Canadian Thoroughbred racehorse known for winning the first two legs of the 1998 Canadian Triple Crown.
He finished unplaced behind Silvio, aggravating a back injury which ended his racing career.
In a racing career which lasted from June 1992 to October 1995 she ran twenty-two times winning six races and being placed eight times.
In a career which lasted from April 1935 to September 1936 he ran eleven times and won four races.
After his racing career he went on to be a successful sire.
He went on to win $817,301 and eight of nine races and was named the United States 2-Year Old Colt Trotter of the Year.
Favonius was a British Thoroughbred racehorse and sire.
Bred in Kentucky by her owner Stavros Niarchos she was sent to race in England where she was trained by Henry Cecil.
Pop Rock is best known for having placed second in the 2006 Melbourne Cup, ridden by Damien Oliver.
Sir Hercules was an Irish bred Thoroughbred racehorse, and was later a successful sire.
Foaled in 2007, he won the Risen Star Stakes in February 2010, making him a contender for the 2010 Kentucky Derby.
He died in an accident in 1998.
Evasive - Champion Juvenile in England and winner of the Horris Hill St. Gr.3 - Newbury; Stallion in France since 2011.
The spelling is an 18th-century anglicization of the Irish language phrase Fág an Bealach [ˈfˠaːɡ ənˠ ˈbʲalˠəx], also written Fág a' Bealach.
Rhoda was one of the most active of all British classic winners, running in at least forty-five contests between 1816 and 1820 and winning twenty-one times.
He also won the Champion Stakes and was noted for his performances in the top handicap races.
Providential was an Irish-born Thoroughbred racehorse who competed successfully in France and won the most important race on turf in the United States.
After recovering from illness she defeated a strong field in the Yorkshire Oaks and then ran a close third in the Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe.
Isle Of Man was a thoroughbred racehorse known mainly for winning the New Zealand Derby in 1981.
Friar's Balsam was an English Thoroughbred racehorse.
He was also placed in the Epsom Derby, St Leger Stakes, Coronation Cup and King George VI and Queen Elizabeth Stakes.
She was one of the leading European two-year-olds of 1991 when she was unbeaten in four races including the Queen Mary Stakes and Cheveley Park Stakes.
To date, Kauai King is one of only two horses born in Maryland to cross the Kentucky Derby finish line first.
Sassafras was a French Champion Thoroughbred racehorse.
Among his progeny is Our New Recruit, winner of the 2004 Dubai Golden Shaheen.
At age three, he won four races, most notably the French 2,000 Guineas.
Doubledogdare was an American Thoroughbred Champion racehorse.
Fonso was bred in Kentucky and was a chestnut colt sired by King Alfonso out of the mare Weatherwitch.
Firebrand was a British Thoroughbred racehorse and broodmare who won the classic 1000 Guineas at Newmarket Racecourse in 1842.
In 2013, Sealy Hill was inducted into the Canadian Horse Racing Hall of Fame.
Salsabil was one of the leading two-year-old fillies in Europe in 1989, winning two races including the Group One Prix Marcel Boussac at the Longchamp.
Huntingdale was an Irish-bred British-trained Thoroughbred racehorse and sire.
After her retirement from racing she had some success as a broodmare.
