An alumnus of Bishop Vesey's Grammar School in Sutton Coldfield, Mansell was the 2004 EuroBOSS champion.
Garza claims he does not know how the error occurred but he did not notify officials of the error.
In the last couple of years he's been the coach and mechanic for his son Dick Olsson and the karting team Wallberg Motorsport.
He finished 46th in points with a best finish of 12th at Pocono Raceway.
Ryan Hunter-Reay is a professional American racing driver best known as a winner of both the Indianapolis 500 and the IndyCar Series championship 2012.
"Wei Fung" Shaun Thong is a Hong Kong born racecar driver.
Alex Healy is a Canadian Touring Car racing driver.
Aaron Mason is a British racing driver currently competing in the Volkswagen Racing Cup Great Britain as of 2013.
He moved to the Star Mazda Series in 2006 with AIM and finished 13th in points with one podium finish.
He is the official test driver of the Maserati factory.
Since then, he worked as a mechanic in various teams, earning money to spend on amateur competitions, in order to take part in professional races.
David Martínez is a Mexican racing driver.
Nicola de Marco is an Italian racing driver.
Prior to GP2 he competed in British Formula 3 and Formula BMW.
In 2000 he returned home to the Marin County to resume freelance driver coaching.
He has competed in such series as the All-Japan Formula Three Championship and the German Formula Three Championship.
He was 2006 champion of the Italian Formula Three Championship for Passoli Racing.
For 2006 he moved to the British GT Championship driving a Panoz Esperante for the LNT team.
He competed in the National Hot Rod Association.
Orsi also competing in some races of the TC 2000 Championship.
President of the Commission for the Equality of Opportunities and Law Enforcement 1997 - 2000;
He also competes in the budget spinoff series, D1 Street Legal with a toned down version of his Skyline.
In his next race at Michigan International Speedway he registered his best finish of 16th.
Scott Atchison is a former American racing driver from Bakersfield, California who competed in the CART IndyCar World Series in 1988 and 1989.
Born in Bogotá, Colombia, Piedrahita began his driving career at age of 7 karting in Mexico.
Those were his only two Championship Car appearances.
Deputy Minister: Social, Women and Family Affairs 1989 à 1993 under CEO Family and Population National Board since 1994.
Ferrier achieved number two ranking in the Under 25 Cup.
Pitt first became involved in racing as an official at the 1948 Australian Grand Prix, but gradually moved into competing himself.
He began racing CART FedEx World Series Championship cars in 1998 and made his first Indy Racing League Northern Lights Series start in 2001.
He started his career in Formula Three in Europe and gradually moved up to the Formula 5000, then the Can-Am series.
In 2011 Boyd signed to race for Belardi Auto Racing in the U.S. F2000 National Championship in America.
To his biggest achievements belongs winning rookie rankings in F3 Euro Series.
She competed in the FIA European Formula 3 Championship for three seasons from 2013 to 2015.
Mark Thompson is an American professional stock car racing driver, pilot, and businessman.
Dániel Nagy is a Hungarian racing driver currently competing in the World Touring Car Championship for Zengő Motorsport.
Andrew Neate is a British racing driver, who has driven in several different series throughout his career.
Osvaldo Negri Jr. is a Brazilian racing driver from São Paulo.
In 1934, the film was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Picture.
He competed there again in 1928, taking joint second place in the one mile time trial and third place in the 15-mile race.
George Arents was an American racing driver.
'Travis Hanson' is a rally car driver who competes in the Rally America national rally series across the United States.
He has also competed in other such series as Porsche Supercup.
The next year he moved to the Atlantic Championship and finished 9th in points.
He has competed in such series as Euroseries 3000 and International Formula Master.
Joe Thomas was an American racecar driver.
He competed for 40 seasons, winning 6 modified races as well as numerous other races.
Jack Hewitt, is a former racecar driver who was prolific in various open wheel and sprint car series.
He has participated in the FIA GT3 European Championship and European Ferrari Challenge series as an amateur driver for Kessel Racing.
Steven Ellery is a retired Australian racing driver known from V8 Supercars.
In 2009 Thompson raced in the Formula BMW Pacific Championship winning the opening race at the Sepang International Circuit, Malaysia.
He holds dual citizenship - American and Mexican.
Katsumasa Chiyo is a Japanese racing driver, currently driving for RJN Motorsport in the Blancpain Endurance Series and for Gainer in the Super GT series.
John Michael Edwards is an American sports car racing driver.
Lazier also competed in the 1981 Indianapolis 500, finishing 19th after a blown engine caused him to retire the Penske PC-7 after 154 laps.
Cy Marshall is survived by three children: Cy Marshall, Jr., Gary Marshall, and Carolyn Marshall.
Luca Persiani is an Italian racing driver.
In 1998, he purchased DarWal Inc. and ISM Racing and merged them together to form Tyler Jet Motorsports.
He made seven starts for Kelley Racing in 2002 and 2003 including the 2003 Indianapolis 500.
He struggled on a return to a full-time seat in 2005 for the underfunded Dreyer & Reinbold Racing.
His best race finish was third twice on the Uniontown Speedway board oval in 1919.
He was signed under an option contract with the Motorsport division of kart manufacturer Birel on their Easykart Driver Program in December 2009.
Jeroen Slaghekke is a Dutch racing driver.
Leon Duray was an American racecar driver active in the 1920s.
While a professional driver, he used Roush Racing engines.
He is not related to fellow Japanese driver Kamui Kobayashi.
He later served as general manager of Roush’s Busch Series and Craftsman Truck Series race shops, overseeing five teams.
His father, Flávio Lalli, died in a motorcycle crash in 1996.
David Clark is an Australian racing driver who competed in the Fujitsu V8 Supercar touring car racing series.
Mark Stephen Skaife OAM is an Australian motor racing driver.
Patterson Holden dealership Bill Patterson Motors supported several drivers over the following decades, open wheelers for the rest of the 1960s and on into the 1970s.
Mauro Calamia is an amateur racing driver from Switzerland.
Shahan made his competitive racing debut in 2013 in the JK Tyre National Rotax Karting Championship.
The 17 years between starts is a record he shares with Roland Free who also competed in only the 1930 and 1947 races.
He drives a Pro-Modified Pontiac Grand AM, and is sponsored by ACDelco.
He died on 2 February 2010 during the evening due to a motorcycle accident.
Artha Benson "Deacon" Litz was an American racecar driver active primarily during the 1920s and 1930s.
Viktor Shapovalov is a Russian auto racing driver.
Stefano Gattuso is an Italian racing driver.
The team often fielded trucks for veterans of the Trans Am series.
Caruso currently competes in the Virgin Australia Supercars Championship, driving the No.
He previously drove the 2016 Subaru WRX STI GRC Car for Subaru.
Ren is the second Chinese driver in the GT1 series after Ho-Pin Tung, and the first natural-born Chinese to participate.
In 1981, Cresto and Tognana came in 8th in the Italian Championship.
Theetge also won 2 races in the US-based ACT Tour Series, both at Circuit Riverside Speedway Ste-Croix in 2006 and 2007.
Paulo Carcasci is a former Brazilian racing driver.
He is the reigning European Le Mans series champion  and the son of Formula One driver-turned-commentator Martin Brundle.
Massaro is a frequent guest on the Carey and Coffey Show, a syndicated weekly NASCAR talk show.
He completed the full season with 3 top-10 finishes and finished 18th in points, last among Championship Class participants that competed in the full schedule.
He also won the 1996 Player’s/Toyota Atlantic C2 championship.
In 2000 he began competing on a national level in the World Karting Association.
The couple does not have any children.
His riding mechanic Spider Matlock was also killed in the crash.
His best finish was 5th place in his first Champ Car start in 1966 at the Atlanta Motor Speedway.
He now owns and operates New Castle Motorsports Park, a Karting facility in New Castle, Indiana, as well as Comet Kart Sales in Greenfield, Indiana.
Dominic "Dom" Evans is a British auto racing driver.
Danny van Dongen is a Dutch racing driver and entrepreneur currently competing in the MW-V6 Pickup Series.
He was World Junior Karting Champion in 1995 and world Formula A Champion in 1997.
In 2014, he drove for KVSH Racing in the Verizon IndyCar Series before being replaced by former GP2 Series driver Stefano Coletti.
He made four more unsuccessful starts in 1994 for Euromotorsports in what would be his final races in the series.
Bret Curtis also contested the 2012 24 Hours of Le Mans in the GTE class for Prospeed, driving a Porsche 911 RSR.
In 2010 he raced in the Le Mans Series for the Kruse Schiller Motorsport Team in the LMP2 Class using a Lola Judd.
Her first years in auto racing resulted in a fair number of crashes, but also a fair share of success.
He drove in the USAC Championship Car series, racing in the 1965-1972 seasons, with 63 career starts, including the Indianapolis 500 in 1966-1970 and 1972.
Norbert Tóth is a Hungarian racing driver currently competing in the European Touring Car Cup.
While Barzda escaped with minor injuries, Johnson died of a skull fracture and other injuries or a broken neck.
His best series standing was 9th in 2004.
He is also the FIA Formula Two Test Driver
William Peter Knipper Was born was an American race car driver.
Ingall has also won the Bathurst 1000 motor race twice, in 1995 and 1997.
However, she did not let this disability become an obstacle to achievement.
She last competed in the NASCAR K&N Pro Series East in 2015, driving the No.
He drove HWM-Jaguar, Ferrari, Aston Martin and Cooper-Climax grand prix cars.
Shortly after his third year of attendance, Bell joined Grand America Road Racing Association Koni Challenge Series in 2008 and raced with Turner Motorsport.
He has raced the #74 pickup since 2005 in the UK Pickup Truck Racing series.
Several drivers have gone on to take part in international events including Formula One and A1 Grand Prix and other premier racing series around the world.
Hill set the lowest wet elapsed time record with a 5.16-second run, which was lower than the land drag racing record of 5.39 seconds.
Scott Thomas McLaughlin is a New Zealand professional racing driver competing in the Virgin Australia Supercars Championship.
Brock was most often associated with Holden for almost 40 years, although he raced vehicles of other manufacturers including BMW, Ford, Volvo, Porsche and Peugeot.
Nicholas "Nick" Jon Yelloly is a British auto racing driver.
Logan Gomez is an American race car driver from Crown Point, Indiana who most notably competed in the Firestone Indy Lights Series.
Bryce Miller is an American racing driver from Summit, New Jersey.
Count Giannino Marzotto was an Italian racing driver and entrepreneur.
He was the father of fellow driver Norm Houser.
Dennis Firestone is a former CART driver from 1979 to 1987.
On fourth race in 2010 at Rio de Janeiro, he won the first victory in the category.
Michael Ciochetti, Jr. is an American stock car racing driver and aviation entrepreneur.
Johnson's father suffered a fatal heart attack, just days before the 1982 Indianapolis 500.
In 1999 he raced in the Sports Racing World Cup where he won one round at Enna-Pergusa.
David Nye is a British auto racing driver.
Pier Guidi will thus join the other official Ferrari GT race drivers.
Marcel Albers was a Dutch motor racing driver.
In 2013 he won the Global RallyCross lites championship.
McIntosh competed for the October 2011 cover of Seventeen as one of five finalists chosen from 35,000 applicants which also included a docu-reality special on MTV.
He is one of the most dominant drag racers in the sport with 144 career victories.
In 2007 he joined the competitive ranks for the Formula Three Euroseries racing for the Prema Powerteam.
Ferrier returned to the BTCC just two weeks before the final round of 2006, driving a SEAT Toledo bought by Motorbase Performance.
He raced in the 1980-1984 seasons, with 9 career starts, and started in the Indianapolis 500 in 1981-1983.
Scott Rettich is an American racing driver currently competing in the 2013 U.S. F2000 National Championship season in the National class.
He is the current series champion of Audi R8 LMS Cup.
He competes in the FIA Rallycross Supercar class since 2013, where he has collected eight wins.
On 1 October 2010, it was announced that Collins would join Fifth Gear as a presenter.
Jacques Joseph Charles Villeneuve, OQ, is a Canadian professional auto racing driver and amateur musician.
His big break came when he was signed by Aviation Performance Products, who gave him a new Nissan Silvia S15 to drive.
He currently drives in the Stock Car Brasil series.
Liam Griffin is a British auto racing driver and businessman.
He finished in the top ten 5 times, with his best finish in 8th position in 1987 at both Indianapolis and Milwaukee.
Ryan was also the 2003 German Formula Renault champion.
Tristan Nunez is an American racing driver and resides in Boca Raton, Florida.
Hélio Castro-Neves, better known as Hélio Castroneves, is a Brazilian auto racing driver competing in the IndyCar Series.
In 2008, Moreau shared the GT1 class championship with teammate Patrice Goueslard in the Le Mans Series driving a Luc Alphand Corvette.
In 2005 he switched to the SEAT team, moving up a place to 9th with 1 race win.
He captured one win in 1924 at the New York State Fairgrounds Raceway in Syracuse, New York.
Earlier in his career, he won the 1975 CRA season championship.
Nico Müller is a professional racing driver from Switzerland.
Ross took part in his first ever race in Macau in 2008.
Josh Cook is a British racing driver currently competing in the British Touring Car Championship.
Alfred Richard Unser is an American former professional race car driver.
Robert William "Bobby" Unser is an American former automobile racer.
He has since continued to race in Baja 1000 events and guide tours of the Baja Peninsula with Wide Open Baja.
Ryuji Miki is a racing and drifting driver from Tottori Prefecture, Japan.
1995 he moved to Formula Vee, then Formula Ford in 1996, winning the National Championship in 1998.
He decided to call it Shadow, with the team's logo featuring a cloaked spy.
It marked Wall's third team in four seasons of V8 Supercars racing.
Later he transitioned to American Le Mans Series endurance racing.
He first started racing FF1600 cars in 1979 before moving into sports prototypes.
He has also competed in the World and Swedish Touring Car Championships for Polestar Racing, making him the longest-serving factory-supported Volvo driver.
Roscoe Sarles was an American racecar driver active in the formative years of auto racing.
He attempted to make his IndyCar Series debut in the last race of the 2005 season at California Speedway for Dreyer & Reinbold Racing.
He returned to the series the following year and won heat 2 in the first Sepang race.
LeCocq and his riding mechanic Robert Bandini were killed in the 1919 Indianapolis 500 after the fuel tank on their "Roamer" ruptured and exploded.
His first Superkart meeting in New Zealand saw Price take out the national championship.
Jesse "The Rocket" Hockett was an American sprint car racer.
She was also the first Albanian driver to gain points in an official FIA world championship.
He contested 12 races in 2005 for Derrick Walker's renamed Team Australia Racing.
Outside of racing, Westbrook is a keen cook and has taken part in three London Marathons.
He has raced in such series as Porsche Supercup and Stock Car Brasil.
Will Kimmel III is an American stock car racing driver.
Victor Corrêa is a Brazilian racing driver currently competing in the European F3 Open Championship.
He was the first Russian to compete in the Formula One World Championship.
He will compete in the European Le Mans Series and Le Mans 24 Hours for Greaves Motorsport.
The following season Correia moved into the Spanish Formula Renault Championship.
Ueal Eugene Patrick, nicknamed "Pat", is the founder and owner of Patrick Racing, a team that raced in Champ Cars and the Indy Racing League.
Willard Cable Prentiss was an American racecar driver.
George Robert Fouché nicknamed "Fast Fouché" is a former South African and international motorsport race car driver and South African Formula 1 Powerboat pilot.
Taylor was the managing director of a wholesale seafood company and is the owner of his Big Mussel seafood restaurant on Newcastle upon Tyne's Quayside.
He remained with the team for 2012 under the "Tuenti Racing Team" banner.
He won the final race of the season at Las Vegas Motor Speedway and had another podium finish at Baltimore and finished sixth in points.
Didier Theys is a Belgian sports car driver.
Jack has been licensed in 12 different NHRA competition categories throughout his racing career.
Malucelli's car had lost power and had rolled to a near stop on the track, when Gidley hit him at approximately 120 miles per hour.
He competed in three rounds of the 2000 International Formula 3000 season for the WRT team.
Once the car was complete and Carl more experienced he began to achieve better results, culminating in his first round win at round 1 2007.
He returned for the 2007 BTCC season with the same car under the team allaboutproperty.com Team banner.
Taylor moved to the British Formula Three Championship in 2001 and finished 9th.
In 2009 he made two starts for the same team.
The reverse grid racing format is extremely popular with the race fans.
He moved south and transferred to Formula Ford in 1969, racing against drivers such as Emerson Fittipaldi and James Hunt.
In 1931 he led 155 laps but crashed on lap 162 while holding a five-lap lead, suffering serious injuries along with his riding mechanic Spider Matlock.
Having previously competed in the Asian Touring Car Series, Clio Cup China Series and Asian Formula Renault Series amongst others.
Jack Sears was a British race and rally driver, and was one of the principal organisers of the 1968 London-Sydney Marathon.
Born in Long Beach, California, Opperman died in Fountain, Florida, 16 years after suffering critical injuries from a crash during a race in Jennerstown, Pennsylvania.
Riki James Christodoulou is a British racing driver and is the cousin of Adam Christodoulou, the winner of the 2008 Formula Renault UK Championship.
He has a daughter and separated from his wife in 2009.
He has competed in such series as Italian Formula Renault 2.0 and International Formula Master.
As a child, Guerrini made many car trips with his father, and later with friends.
Bert Dingley was an American racecar driver.
Andrew Prendeville is an American professional automobile racer.
Breeze currently competes in the Ginetta GT Supercup.
Luiz Tadeu Razia Filho is a Brazilian racing driver.
Andreas "Andi" Zuber is a motor racing driver.
He is most well known for getting a podium in the opening round of the 2007 DTM season at the Hockenheimring.
He returned to the race in 1947.
After moving up from the go-kart ranks in 2005, Philippe won the Formula BMW USA championship in his rookie season.
He qualified for his first Indianapolis 500 in 2011.
Ordonez began 2012 by taking the role of lead driver in Nissan's 'all-gamer car' at the Dubai 24 Hours.
John Youl was an Australian motor racing driver, race track owner and prominent Tasmanian grazier.
Barzda's car had suffered a reported stuck throttle when entering the third turn and, after making contact, flipped over just as Johnson's.
He is not related to Indy driver Al Miller II, who raced at Indy in the mid-1960s.
The three Texans pooled their limited resources and forged a longstanding partnership after Bobby Cross left the team to pursue his own business ventures.
He owns a seasonal restaurant in Osage Beach, Missouri called "Dorsey's Pit Stop".
After racing he became creator, developer and operator of Tucktonia, a south-coast leisure park in the 1970s and 1980s.
Educated at Trinity Grammar School in Sydney, he has raced in a variety of classes throughout the world.
He currently drives in the Super GT GT500 series and the Super Formula category.
He has previously won the 2014 FIA European Rallycross Supercar Championship.
In 1979, he was the European Touring Car Champion.
Pablo Donoso Prado is a professional racing driver from Santiago de Chile.
He also made four starts in the Indianapolis 500 with a best finish of 4th place in 1926.
Correia returned to the racing circuits in 2005 for a single season.
Harold Martin is an American drag racer in the IHRA series.
Eoin Murray is an Irish auto racing driver, born 9 December 1982.
Carrio has not participated in a professional race since.
Voda lives in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania and married Phillip "PK" Kelley on January 23, 2010.
Born in Dearborn, Michigan, Duman later moved to Speedway, Indiana and lived in a house practically across the street from the Indianapolis Motor Speedway.
Chris Vlok is a professional racing driver from New Zealand.
Donny "The Don" Crevels is a Dutch racing driver.
Cunningham is a decorated American race car driver and owner of RealTime R&L, Inc., currently competing in the Pirelli World Challenge GT Championship.
He was most notable for competing in the Shellsport International Series in 1976 and 1977, and for running the DC Cook Motorsports team in the 1990s.
Johnson began his professional racing career in Formula Super Vee, winning the SCCA Pro National Championship in 1985.
George Souders won the 1927 Indianapolis 500.
A crash in practice on May 17, ended his chances.
Lietz was overall series champion in the 2007 International GT Open season with Swiss driver Joël Camathias.
He also drove in the SEAT Cupra Championship finishing 12th overall.
He also made two USAC Midget starts and four USAC Silver Crown starts over that time period.
He also contested the Canadian GM Challenge, Porsche Cup and Pro Formula Ford 2000 series from 1986 through 1990.
He has also represented Germany in the A1 Grand Prix series.
After karting, Carbone participated in the Skip Barber National Championship in 2008 and finished 15th.
He and riding mechanic Robert Hahn were killed in a turn one accident while practicing for the 1934 Indianapolis 500.
Robert "Rob" Bell is a British professional racing driver.
Taz Douglas is a part-time Australian race driver.
The 1999 VisionAire 500K at Charlotte was the first IndyCar race he qualified for, starting 13th.
Foyt IV is an American race car driver and also is a scouting assistant for the Indianapolis Colts.
Alejandro Fernández is a Colombian race car driver.
He won the Eurocup Formula Renault championship in 1998.
12 Ford FG X Falcon for DJR Team Penske.
Rob Wilson is a former racing driver from New Zealand.
Since 2008 he has raced in the Superleague Formula and has raced for FC Basel 1893 in the 2008 season and 2009 season.
He raced in 2010 in four rounds of the FIA European Touring Car Cup and placed 10th with seven points.
Voda began as a NASCAR broadcaster in 2003 as co-anchor of Totally NASCAR on Fox Sports Net.
's second S15 while his friend and teammate at the time, Katsuhiro Ueo drove the first S15, which was Kazama's 2005 championship car.
Brad Murphey, is a former American racecar driver in the Indy Racing League.
He is the son of former Formula One driver Patrick Tambay, who won two Grands Prix for Ferrari in the early 1980s.
He entered the 2005 Indianapolis 500 with A.J.
Thompson starting racing in karts in 2003, finishing 5th in the Cadet Irish Championship.
The race would be his only CART appearance.
Toby Scheckter is a South African racing driver.
His open wheel racing includes United States Automobile Club Champ cars and midget cars.
Chelsea is an affluent area in West London, bounded to the south by the River Thames.
After a small amount of open wheel racing in Formula Ford, Luke entered the Production Class of the BTCC in 2003, with the Barwell Motorsport team.
Marco Holzer is a German professional racing driver.
Mansell is the current holder of the lap record for the Brands Hatch Indy circuit; 38.032 seconds, set during the 2004 EuroBOSS season.
In 2014 he competed in both the Daytona 24 Hours and Sebring 12 Hours driving an Audi R8 LMS for Flying Lizard Motorsports.
He currently competes in the Deutsche Tourenwagen Masters for Futurecom-BRT.
Harry C. Knight was an American racecar driver.
Philippe Chiappe is a French driver in the Formula 1 Powerboat World Championship, currently competing for the CTIC F1 Shenzen China Team.
He raced in 11 seasons, with 79 combined career starts, including the Indianapolis 500 in 1976, 1978–1980, and 1984.
Foyt, Jr. is a retired American auto racing driver who has raced in numerous genres of motorsports.
This is about the racing driver, for the Norwegian geologist with a similarly spelled name go to Hans Reusch
He finished second and fourth out of four races, and resulted 16th in the International Series.
He currently is the safety car driver for the World Touring Car Championship and the FIA Formula E.
He has competed in such series as International Formula Master, winning twice during the 2006 season.
In 2004, Adams co-drove a Porsche 911 GT3 Cup car to victory in the Valentine's 300 at Virginia International Raceway.
He has previously competed in the Formula Renault 3.5 Series where he was a race winner.
in political science from Ole Miss, and J.D.
Ryan Phinny is an American racing driver from Los Angeles, California.
He raced in the 1986 and 1987 seasons, with 18 career starts, including the 1987 Indianapolis 500.
In 2013 Read competed in the Pro Mazda Championship full-time for JDC Motorsports.
Erkut Kızılırmak is an auto racing driver from Turkey.
He currently drives for Bamboo Engineering in the GP3 Series.
His best career IRL finish was in 12th position in the 2000 Delphi Indy 200 held at Walt Disney World Speedway.
Abbie Eaton is a racing driver from the East Riding of Yorkshire, England.
He remained close to the sport however, developing Symmons Plains Raceway on part of the family's grazing land in northern Tasmania.
Alexandre Marsoin is a professional racing driver from France.
He did this again at the 2009 round at Pau, with a fourteenth and a retirement, scoring six points towards the independents championship.
With major sponsorship from Universal Oil Products, Nichols expanded his operation and entered F1 at the start of 1973 with Oliver and George Follmer driving.
He competed in the Champ Car Atlantic Series, and finished in 7th position in the championship.
His win in the series' first race would end up to be his only IRL win.
For 2007, Cunill took part in a full Spanish F3 season, driving for GTA Motor Competicion.
John Wayne Parsons is an American racecar driver.
John Martin, is a former driver in the USAC and CART Championship Car series.
Alf Barbagallo is a former racing car driver and businessman in Perth, Western Australia.
Tyler Jet was based in Tyler, Texas, in 1986.
In 2015, Worsham won the NHRA Mello Yello Championship in Funny Car.
In 2012, Turner competed in the 2012 FIA World Endurance Championship season with Aston Martin Racing in the GTE-Pro class Aston Martin Vantage.
George Wingerter was an American racecar driver.
Marin Čolak is a Croatian auto racing driver.
Ben 'Bon Bon' Broke-Smith is a professional drift driver from the United Kingdom.
Heikkinen began his racing career in karting, later moving up to single-seater formula.
The son of multiple Kart champion Drew Price and nephew to female racer Melinda Price, Price grew up around the sport.
He now owns and operates Green Savoree Racing Promotions which promotes IndyCar and other races.
Adam Jones is an English auto racing driver.
Louis Fontaine was an American racecar driver.
She also has two victories at the 24 Hours of Daytona, and one win at the 12 Hours of Sebring.
He is a four-time World Touring Car Champion, winning the title in 2008 with SEAT, in 2010 and 2011 with Chevrolet and in 2013 with RML.
Pat was also one of the founding members of CART in 1978 and the Indy Lights series in 1986.
His best result was second at the 2016 Detroit Grand Prix race 1.
He also drove in the 1980 Indianapolis 500 finishing 18th.
In the same year he won the Formula Ford Festival Duratec class.
Away from racing, Christian works as a developer of low income multifamily apartments, specializing in the preservation of “At-Risk” Section 8 housing developments.
His late father, Svend Hansen, can be regarded as the inventor of the so-called Joker Lap for rallycross.
Jake Eidson(born 25 May 1995 in Littleton, Colorado, US) is an American Australian racing driver.
Since 2006, he drives that car for his own team, MA:GP.
Norbert Michelisz is a Hungarian auto racing driver, who currently competes in the World Touring Car Championship.
Zachary Mitchell "Zach" Banks is a Cuban American racing driver.
He attempted to qualify for the Indianapolis 500 in 1985 and 1986 but failed to qualify both years.
He won 19 races in the ACT Tour.
He won the 2010 and 2011 Karting World Championships and in 2014 the Formula Renault 2.0 Alps and Formula Renault 2.0 Eurocup Championships.
His father is the former Formula 1 driver Alan Rees.
Even before he started drifting professionally he always used the Toyota AE86.
He currently competes in the Auto GP series with Euronova Racing.
Rick Treadway, is a former racing driver for the Indy Racing League.
Neel Jani is a Swiss professional racing driver of Indian Gujarati origin.
In 1979 he made his professional debut in Formula Atlantic and won the 1981 Macau Grand Prix, becoming the only American to do so.
Caliva returned the next year and made five starts for Bill Alsup and tried but failed to qualify for the Indianapolis 500.
The exclusivity of Chelsea as a result of its high property prices has historically resulted in the term Sloane Ranger being used to describe its residents.
He only competed part-time in 1996 and finished 23rd in the championship.
He was killed in a two car collision with Art George at the Portland Speedway.
In 2012 he raced in the V de V Endurance Cup, French GT, and 2e Grand Prix Èlectrique.
McCashney went on to race a Mitsubishi Mirage in Improved Production in 2005.
He won the 2005 and 2017 24 Hours of Daytona and the 2001 Six Hours at the Glen.
Michael James Lewis is an American race car driver born on December 24, 1990 in Laguna Beach, California to parents Steve Lewis and Loretta Lewis.
Eidson is a triple Formula Skip Barber championship winner and won the 2013 F1600 Championship Series season.
He moved up to International Formula 3000 in 1997, earning two podiums in two seasons.
Frank McGurk was an American racecar driver.
Sandell won the Swedish Junior Championship in 2004 and the Swedish Group N3 Championship in 2005.
Ricardo Caíto Risatti is an Argentine racing driver who has progressed through the ranks of formula single-seater racing in South America and Europe.
Christian Fittipaldi is a Brazilian racing driver who has competed in various forms of motorsport including Formula One, Champ Car and NASCAR.
Faulkner spent the majority of his career in sedan based classes.
Bruce Canepa is a retired American race car driver and car dealer.
In both 1999 and 2007 Kristensen's team crashed out of comfortable leads in the closing hours of the race.
Amato began racing cars as a teenager, when he worked at his family's auto parts store.
"Mister Rallycross", is a former racing driver and Norwegian politician.
Lars Christer Larsson is a former rallycross driver from Sweden.
Bentham is currently a spotter for IndyCar Series driver Josef Newgarden.
Carlos Andrés Muñoz is a professional racing driver from Colombia.
He competed in Stock Car Brasil from 2001 to 2013, resulting 6th in 2005 and 12th in 2007 with one win each season.
Randy Franklin Pobst, also known as "RFP" or "The Rocket," is an American race car driver and journalist for Motor Trend magazine.
Johnson is married and has two children.
2014-2015 Robby is heading the "Team Speedway Racing Team" of Speedway Motors of Lincoln, NE in a 17 event Goodguys AutoCross series.
Davy Jeanney is a French rallycross driver.
Having previously competed in the Asian Touring Car Series, Clio Cup China Series and Hong Kong Touring Car Championship amongst others.
Todd Gibson is an American former racing driver from Morral, Ohio.
The 1930 Indianapolis 500 was his only AAA Championship Car start.
He was planning on entering the 2001 Indianapolis 500, but withdrew after the crash and retired from driving.
She lives in Ermatingen, Switzerland, with her husband Toto Wolff, executive director of the Mercedes AMG Petronas Formula One Team since 21 January 2013.
In 2003 he got a drive in the British Touring Car Championship for the Vic Lee ran Team Halfords in a Touring Class Peugeot 307.
James Louis Fitzroy Scott Douglas was a British racing driver, as well as a Baronet.
He also won the 1989 New Zealand Grand Prix while competing in New Zealand Formula Atlantic.
Raj Bharath is an Indian film actor, who has appeared in Tamil language films.
Davit "Data" Kajaia is a Georgian racing driver, best known for winning the Legends Euro Nations Cup in 2012 and 2013.
He returned to his native Brazil to drive in Stock Car Brasil.
Scott Robert Pye is an Australian professional racing driver competing in the Virgin Australia Supercars Championship.
René Münnich is a German auto racing driver, team owner and entrepreneur.
Nicolas Jean Prost is a French professional racing driver, currently racing in the FIA Formula E Championship.
Daniel Juncadella Pérez-Sala is a Spanish racing driver.
Arnold died November 10, 1976 of a cerebral hemorrhage, aged 70.
His early racing career included competing on motorcycles and the Monza International Rally.
Later that season he was a race driver for the same team in the 24 Hours of Le Mans.
De Tommaso began his career in regional rally racing in the late 1970s.
Jack Goff is a British auto racing driver.
He won the DTM title in 2008 and 2009.
Wease was also the 2006 Turkey Night Grand Prix winner, and a four-time starter of the Little 500.
Scott Goodyear is a Canadian former race car driver.
In 2012 he scored two podiums in three races in the Brazilian Endurance Championship.
Don Herr was an American racecar driver.
For 2008, he unsuccessfully attempted to qualify for the Indianapolis 500 with the same team, now known as American Dream Motorsports.
Oscar Cabalén, was an Argentine racing driver, mainly active in the Turismo Carretera series.
Jiang Tengyi is a Chinese racing driver who drives for A1 Team China.
He made his debut in the Porsche Club Championship in 2011 racing a 1993 LHD Porsche 968 CS.
He drove in the USAC Championship Car series, racing in the 1961-1966 seasons, with 30 career starts, including the 1964 Indianapolis 500.
Muther started in SCCA sports car racing in Southern California at Riverside winning the prestigious Tim Mayer award.
Charles "Sonny" Ates former American racecar driver.
He raced with the Lukoil Racing Team in the German Formula Renault 2000 and Formula Renault 2000 Eurocup during 2004.
Christopher Nigel James is a British auto racing driver.
And he is also known for bringing to market the Cragar custom stainless steel wheel.
He is the first Bahraini to drive at GP2 Series level.
He is also a co-driver in the Pirtek Enduro Cup series.
Mario Ermirio de Moraes Filho is a Brazilian professional race car driver.
He returned the following year to make 3 mid-summer road course starts for Euromotorsport.
He had driven in three previous 500s, coming in 15th in 1937, 27th in 1939, and 20th in 1940.
In June 2008, Kubica took his maiden Formula One victory in the Canadian Grand Prix, becoming the first Polish driver to win a Formula One race.
2008 saw a move back to Ford and Britek Motorsport.
In 2002 and 2003, with the collapse of the IRL team he drove for, he went to the Infiniti Pro Series driving for Ron Hemelgarn Racing.
Yaskuawa has only made occasional IRL appearances since 2006.
Danny has also won 11 Knoxville Raceway track championships.
On 24 June 2007 Gavin became the all-time career top points scorer, taking the position away from Pete Wilkinson.
In 2010, the team offers renewal to continue for another year
On July 27, 2014 Courtney passed her sister for the record of most Funny Car wins by a female driver in NHRA history.
He began working for his father at Chemetics Systems Inc. in Compton, CA at the age of fifteen while attending Servite High School in Anaheim.
As well as the Brands Hatch record, Mansell has also broken lap records at Silverstone, Donington Park, Lausitzring and Zolder in 2004.
Bruce Alexander McPhee was an Australian motor racing driver.
Buesink's drivers competed in 156 NASCAR races with two wins and 64 Top 10 finishes.
In 2009 he raced part-time at the Porsche Supercup.
Albert Smith was an American racing driver from Dayton, Ohio who competed in the USAC Championship Car series.
In a SRT Viper GTS-R and with Kuno Wittmer as co-driver scored two podiums, finishing 13th in the Drivers' Championship GT class.
Henri Fournier was a French racing driver.
In 1934, he again attempted to qualify for the Indy 500 but failed to do so.
Anthony Joseph Bertozzi is a 17-time world championship holder in IHRA and NHRA drag racing.
His best finish was 7th in both the Freedom 100 and at Barber Motorsports Park.
Anderson finished eighth in points with a best finish of fourth at the Milwaukee Mile.
Along with teammate Anthony Davidson, Buemi became World Champion in the LMP1 class of the FIA World Endurance Championship, in 2014.
Lucas Ordóñez Martín-Esperanza is a Spanish racecar driver, who entered professional racing by winning a spot in a PlayStation 3 Gran Turismo competition.
He moved up to the GTP cars in 1986 driving for a prototype for Spice Engineering.
Gavin Smith is an Irish racing driver.
His mainstay has been sports car racing, particularly Porsches.
Kalitta was son of veteran NHRA driver and crew chief Connie Kalitta, and cousin of teammate Doug Kalitta.
He did not score any points in his first race back, and the team missed several races due to unreliable machinery.
He has raced assorted sports cars since, although he made two Champ Car starts for Rocketsports in 2004, and briefly ran in the rival IRL series.
This car was the legendary "Old No.
Ian Macpherson M. Stewart was a British racing driver.
In 2008, Allemann signed to race in Firestone Indy Lights series for American Spirit Racing.
He was a test driver for Prost Grand Prix in 2001, and he was also a test driver with the Renault Formula One team in 2006.
He has won nine short course off-road racing championships.
André Lotterer is a Belgian-German professional racing driver currently racing for Porsche Motorsport as a factory driver in the FIA World Endurance Championship LMP1 class.
Moore was the first female racing driver to win a TOCA-sanctioned race, and the first to win a mixed-gender, national-level series in the UK.
Over the years the injuries that Johnny received eventually took a toll on his overall health, resulting in his death on Christmas Eve, 1977.
He is also a GP2 Series race-winner and former Formula One test driver.
Competed in several events in the American Le Mans Series in a BMW M3 E46 in 2002.
Instead, she continues to pursue her passion in long distance riding.
Peter Kuhn was an American race car driver.
Ferrier participated in some Caterham races in 2004.
John Riley Boling was an American racecar driver of direct Native American ancestry, the first Native American to race in the Indianapolis 500.
He is best known for competing in the World Series by Renault in 2007, driving for Red Devil Team Comtec.
In 2009 he drove full-time in Star Mazda and finished 12th in points.
He finished in the top ten 85 times, with one victory in 1973 at Brooklyn.
On 24 May Battistini won the Firestone Freedom 100 at the Indianapolis Motor Speedway from the pole for his second win of the season.
David Hunt was an English racing driver and younger brother of 1976 Formula One world champion James Hunt.
Timo Glock is a German BMW factory racing driver, who previously drove in Formula One for the Jordan, Toyota, Virgin Racing and Marussia F1 teams.
He made a one off appearance in the 2009 Fujitsu V8 Supercar Series at the final round in Homebush, but hasn't raced V8 Supercars since.
Etienne van der Linde is a South African racing driver.
Away from racing, since 2010 Howell has worked as test driver for Mclaren Automotive, developing their supercar range.
He was a four-time American Racing Drivers Club midget car champion.
He later made land speed record attempts.
Jack Clarke is a professional race car driver.
In 2003, he was All-Japan Formula Three champion for the TOM'S team.
Michael also officially tested a Formula One car for Scuderia Ferrari F1 in the F60 chassis on November 15, 2011.
His first win came in race 11 at Croft [1], with two more at Knockhill.
Pollard's lap prior to the crash was timed at a speed of 192+ mph.
He currently competes in the FIA World Rallycross Championship Supercar category, driving for Team Peugeot-Hansen.
Johannes Seidlitz is a German racing driver from Wassertrüdingen.
Huntley Gordon was an American racing driver.
Adam Khan is a regular guest on BBC Asian Network Radio.
Since 2016, he has been member of the National Assembly of Serbia as member of the Serbian Progressive Party.
Kent Stotz is an American motorcycle racer.
Fred Ellis was an American racecar driver.
Larry Cannon, was an American racecar driver.
Whittington made two NASCAR Winston Cup starts in 1980, earning an 8th in his debut at Riverside International Raceway and then 32nd in the Daytona 500.
Finishing 3rd overall with an impressive 12 podiums, Matt went on to win the highly prestigious Renault Clio Winter Cup Series in 2005.
He returned to racing after the Second World War, but crashed in qualifying for the 1946 Indianapolis 500.
Daniel Morad is a Canadian racecar driver.
Laperle is a three times winner of the "Milk Bowl" race at Thunder Road International Speedbowl in Vermont in 2005, 2007 and 2008.
He currently competes in the 2017 FIA Formula 2 Championship for Pertamina Arden.
Salvatore Gatto is an Italian racing driver.
Paul Hines is a BriSCA Formula 1 Stock Cars racing driver from Hinckley, Leicestershire who races under number 259.
He currently competes part-time in the NASCAR Camping World Truck Series, driving the No.
Forest Barber is an American racing driver from Fort Worth, Texas.
He is also Reguis Chair of jurisprudence at the University of Edinburgh.
He finished 26 in his only race at Indy.
Michael Mällinen is a racecar driver from the United States.
Kévin Estre is a French professional racing driver currently competing in the FIA World Endurance Championship with French squad OAK Racing.
Nicolas "Nico" Hülkenberg is a German professional racing driver currently racing for the Renault Sport F1 Team.
In 2013, Karthikeyan raced in the Auto GP series, securing 5 wins and 4 pole positions with Super Nova Racing.
She is the daughter of 16-time NHRA Top Fuel Funny Car national champion John Force and Laurie Force.
After this he decided to try drifting in his Skyline.
Chris Festa, born in Atlanta on September 5, 1985, is an American auto racing driver.
He won the FIA World Endurance Championship in 2013.
He drove in the 2004 season for two different teams.
He has spent the majority of his career racing for Alfa Romeo and Vauxhall.
Craig George Baird, MNZM is a New Zealand racing driver.
Hugh 'Hammy' Caulfield Hamilton was a British racing driver, who was killed in the 1934 Swiss Grand Prix.
Fabrizio Gollin is an Italian racing driver who shared the FIA GT Championship with Luca Cappellari in 2004 while driving for BMS Scuderia Italia.
After a prolonged struggle with this illness, Larry McCoy committed suicide in 1979 at his home in Bristol.
McConville spent 14 years as a professional driver, ten of those in the largest Australian domestic category, Supercars Championship.
He was brought to live and study in Guangzhou with his parents.
He graduated to the International GT Open in 2011.
João Paulo Lima de Oliveira is a Brazilian professional racing driver.
He is best known for being the son of the former Formula 1 driver, Olivier Panis.
He is a member of the Circuit de Catalunya Young Drivers Programme.
After working as a driver trainer for several years Correia was appointed as the official WTCC safety car driver.
Stoffel Vandoorne is a professional racing driver from Belgium, currently competing in Formula 1.
Rick Johnson is an American former professional motorcycle, off-road truck and stock car racer.
Brian Till, is a racecar driver who formerly competed in the CART Championship Car series.
He is the owner and team manager of Münnich Motorsport.
Al Putnam was an American racecar driver.
He raced in the SCCA/ECAR Formula Atlantic Championship from 1985 to 1990.
He drove in the Indy Racing League in the 1999 and 2000 seasons with 4 career starts.
Luigi Ferrara is an Italian racing driver.
Bomarito remains in the team in the new United SportsCar Championship in 2014.
Jay Hill is an American former racing driver from Lake Geneva, Wisconsin.
Robert "Rob" Peter Huff is a British professional racing driver.
Castaneda made his professional racing debut with Bryan Herta Autosport on the Streets of St. Petersburg in the Firestone Indy Lights series in March 2012.
His older half-brother, Brandon Blackstock, is married to singer Kelly Clarkson.
Robert Christopher "Rob" Austin is a British racing driver who currently competes in the British Touring Car Championship.
He won the Renault Speed Trophy F2000 championship in 2004.
He was a three-time USAC Sprint Car Series Champion.
He currently competes in the NASCAR Camping World Truck Series, driving the No.
McKay was also responsible for the first ever factory backed Holden team in 1968 when he formed the Holden Dealer Racing Team.
The record for most stage wins in a single Dakar rally season in the truck category with 9 out of 14 in 2010.
As he carried on in D1, he has another Levin which is a 3-door while his N.A.
He has raced in the A1 Grand Prix and Champ Car Atlantic series.
He has competed in the World Touring Car Championship between 2004 and 2013.
He served from 1962–64, and upon returning home he pursued the field of architecture, becoming a draftsman.
Yuichi Nakayama is a Japanese racing driver, best known for winning the 2013 All-Japan Formula Three Championship.
Alboreto competed in Formula One from 1981 until 1994, racing for a number of teams, including five seasons for Ferrari.
Marco Campos was a Brazilian racing driver.
He qualified for the 1922 race driving a Fronty-Ford.
In 2010 he tested with Doran Racing at Putnam Park in Indiana.
At Barum Rally Zlín he finished 3rd after Freddy Loix and Juho Hanninen both at Škoda Fabia S2000.
He becomes the third driver to win championships in both Top Fuel and Funny Car, joining Kenny Bernstein and Gary Scelzi in this category.
Some of his early cars were called "The Old Reliable".
Tomas Mezera is a naturalised Australian racing driver.
Bob Garretson was an American racing driver.
In 1999 he won his first track championship; a feat he would repeat in 2001.
Driving a Lola-Judd, he finished third overall at the 2010 8 Hours of Castellet.
After CART, he was the 1985 Trans-Am Rookie of the Year.
He won the race at Germany's Norisring on the way to finishing fifth overall in the 2010 Volkswagen Scirocco R-Cup season.
Going on to win round 4 of the season and finishing in third overall in the championship.
Wagner continued part-time on ovals in 2011 with a best finish of fourth at Kentucky Speedway and finished fifteenth in points.
Born in Rome, Ross never completed a full season in elite level motorsport, however, he did make four CART starts for A.J.
Cy Marshall, Jr. and Gary Marshall reside in Florida; Carolyn Marshall resides in Indiana.
He had a pole position in the season opener, but failed to score any points.
However, HRT was not included in the FIA's 2013 entry list, and thus Karthikeyan was left without a drive.
In 1994, he tested a Larrousse F1 Car.
He served in World War I and later moved to Denver, Colorado where he died in 1954.
Nemechek left at season's end to run his own team and was replaced by Ricky Craven.
Neal is a triple BTCC Champion having won the British Touring Car Championship in 2005, 2006 and 2011.
He won the Australian V8 Supercar series' championship in 2003 and 2004.
Bruno Méndez López is a Spanish racing driver.
Taylor now owns and manages his own team competing in the WeatherTech SportsCar Championship.
He also won his first American Le Mans Series race at the 2012 American Le Mans Series at Long Beach.
Tom Kimber-Smith is a British race car driver.
She became a stunt woman at Hollywood and was married to a stunt man, Duffy Hambleton.
He won the 2012 DTM Drivers' Championship.
He was looking for a top five in 2005, but had a poor Bathurst 1000 to place him outside the top ten.
Klein returned to the series in 2007 driving for Team Moore Racing.
For 1998, Villeneuve's Williams team had to fare with less competitive Mecachrome engines, and Villeneuve moved to the newly formed British American Racing team in 1999.
He was accompanied by Alessandro Cicognani and Gary Chalandon.
Brown is currently the Executive Director of McLaren Technology Group.
He also made four starts in the Indy Pro Series in 2004 and 2005.
Filipe Miguel Delgadinho Albuquerque is a Portuguese professional racing driver, currently driving in the FIA World Endurance Championship.
He drove in relief of Willard Prentiss for two laps in the 1933 Indianapolis 500.
He was inducted into the National Sprint Car Hall of Fame in 1996.
He has competed in such series as the British Formula Three Championship, Italian Formula 3000 and International Formula 3000.
Alexandra "Alli" Owens is an American professional stock car racing driver.
In 2007, the team switched to a Zytek 07S.
He has competed in such single-seater series as Formula Renault V6 Eurocup, Formula Renault 2000 Eurocup and World Series by Nissan.
He currently drives the Magneti Marelli offered by Mopar/JEGS.com Dodge Dart for Elite Motorsports as a teammate to two-time Pro Stock champion Erica Enders.
Jesse Kurki-Suonio, more commonly known as Jesse Krohn, is a Finnish racing driver currently competing in the Italian Formula Three Championship.
His best finish in the series was 13th place at Stockton 99 Speedway.
He has previously raced in the DTM, V8 Supercars, F3000 and F3.
Fish earned an industrial relations degree at the University of San Francisco.
By 1973 he was being slated to replace his fellow Scot Jackie Stewart at Tyrrell Racing in Formula One.
He is the winner of five motorsport championships and currently competes in the Asian Le Mans Series.
He has raced in such series as International Formula 3000 and Italian Formula 3000.
They completed the race with no pit stops and finished in 13th position.
In 2011, Ellinas raced in the UK Formula Renault 2.0 championship for the Atech Reid GP Team, finishing third overall.
Miller was involved in a 13-car crash, and suffered injuries that ended his racing career.
It was an effort to create awareness and to ensure growth of women in motorcycling.
Hunter-Reay currently drives the number 28 car in the Verizon IndyCar Series.
He did not lead a lap in any IRL race.
In 2005 he made his Stock Car Brasil debut and captured 3 wins and finished 3rd in the championship.
Ildar Ilhamovich Rakhmatullin is a Russian racing driver currently competing in the Russian Circuit Racing Series.
Sheldon was the second cousin, 1x removed of Steve Kinser, the 20-time World of Outlaws sprint-car champion, and second cousin, 2x removed of Mark Kinser.
Founding the aero part branch, Vertex on the philosophy of simplicity and elegance, he personally approves every new design.
In 2013, Bomarito became SRT Motorsports' official driver in the American Le Mans Series.
Damien Pasini is a French racing driver.
He finished 10th in the 1984 Indianapolis 500.
ARCA received criticism because its regulations did not require spotters to be located on top of the grandstands.
He later was the vice president and general manager of Roosevelt Raceway, host to the George Vanderbilt Cup in 1936 and 1937.
Víctor García is a professional racing driver from Spain.
Rob MacCachren is an American off-road racer from Las Vegas, Nevada.
In 2011, Bryce won the Porsche GT3 Cup Trophy National Championship.
He finished sixth in the 1938 race in a front-drive Miller.
Both drivers received medical treatment but although Breeze suffered no serious injuries, Proctor suffered a fractured L4 vertebra.
In the 2013 Dakar Rally he won the seventh stage, becoming the first Chilean to win a stage in the Four-Wheeler category.
He has also built a Mitsubishi Lancer Evolution X in the Team Orange livery which was on show at Tokyo Auto Saloon.
He was influential in the formation of the Funny Car class, as he introduced the first blown injected nitro-burning Funny Car.
Tom Frantz is an American former racing driver from Denver, Colorado.
He won the 2004 Australian Carrera Cup Championship.
He has competed in such series as Formula Three Euroseries and the British Formula Three Championship.
During the outbreak of World War I, Kurt was working on a German merchant ship which was in Western Hemisphere waters.
He also competed at Snetterton, where he achieved his best result - 13th.
In 2012, Taz Douglas was called up to drive for Lucas Dumbrell Motorsport as their full-time driver.
Monteiro raced for the Castrol Honda team with the new Honda Civic in 2013 and 2014, and remains with the Japanese manufacturer in 2015.
He also won the Winter Series of the British Formula Ford Championship in 1998 and the Formula Ford Festival in 1999.
After graduation, he commenced active involvement with the Canadian Motor Speedway development in Canada, which he remains an active member of the development team.
Alex Brundle is a British racing driver.
Ben McCashney is an Australian racing driver.
Palttala's first run in Grand Touring cars came in 2000 in the single-make Porsche Carrera Cup Germany.
He has won the Formula Nippon series twice, in 2007 and 2008.
Diego Alessi is an Italian race car driver.
Grégoire Demoustier is a French racing driver, who competes in the World Touring Car Championship for Sebastien Loeb Racing.
In 2014 he made his season debut for the Stadium Super Trucks in the Long Beach Grand Prix.
Grant Craig Denyer is an Australian television presenter and motor racing driver.
Goodyear again finished 2nd in the 1997 race after being passed by Arie Luyendyk on the backstraightaway at lap 194.
He captured his first oval victory at the Milwaukee Mile on June 1.
Crichton underwent 30 operations and eventually had his voice-box and oesophagus removed.
Earnhardt and Hernandez will race full-time in this series.
His best finish at Indy was in 14th position in both 1962 and 1963.
He moved up to the Nationwide Series in 2007, and later the Sprint Cup Series in 2008.
He won the 1988 Barber Saab Pro Series championship.
He is the son of Formula One world champion, Nigel Mansell, and younger brother of fellow racing driver Leo Mansell.
Hitke was born in Leipzig, Germany, and worked from an early age in a blacksmith shop.
Scelzi sold his Focus Midget at the end of 2006 and moved up to standard midgets with Dodge powerplants, with sponsorship from his Funny Car sponsors.
New Castle Motorsports Park is the home of Indiana karting's signature event, the Dan Wheldon Cup weekend races, held after the INDYCAR season ends.
William Pitt is a former Australian racing driver and motor racing official.
He currently competes in the FIA World Rallycross Championship Supercar category, driving for EKS racing team.
He currently competes in Formula E with ABT Schaeffler Audi Sport.
He went on later in the year to capture the 17th Annual Comp Cams Topless 100 at Batesville Speedway, a win worth $42,000.
Andrew Jordan is a British auto racing driver, who drives in the British Touring Car Championship.
In total Thompson had 11 podiums and finished second in the championship, winning the Rookie of the Year Cup.
Joe Girling is a British racing driver who competed in the British Touring Car Championship in 2013 for Tech-Speed Motorsport, under the M247 Racing banner.
Following two successful years in CART, Villeneuve moved into Formula One with the front-running Williams team, alongside Damon Hill.
Pete Romcevich was a Serbian-American racecar driver born in Silopaj, Serbia.
Alastair "Ali" Jackson is a Northern Irish racing driver.
He is a married man with one son.
Capps won his first NHRA Mello Yello Series Funny Car championship in 2016.
He started 22nd and was sidelined after completing 41 laps by transmission failure.
César Altair Zanetti Ramos is a Brazilian racing driver.
1997 would be the last year in which Villeneuve would win a championship level race and finish the season in the top three.
He was crowned European GT Champion in 1972, and then again in 1974.
Morten Dons is a Danish racing driver currently competing in the European Le Mans Series.
Kimiya Sato is a Japanese racing driver.
He won the Skip Barber Formula Ford Series three times, twice in 1992 and again in 1993, becoming the first driver to win three Championships.
In 2012 Gomes was suspended for six months after he failed a drug test.
He is the twin brother of World Touring Car Championship driver Tom Coronel.
He is the 2014 ARCA Racing Series champion.
After a strong start to the season, including a win in the Rally Monte Carlo, Toivonen and Cresto were the favourites for the World Championship title.
Yelmer Evert Frans Buurman is a Dutch professional racing driver.
Below are listed some final results over the years.
Castroneves has won four pole positions for the Indy 500, including back-to-back poles in 2009 and 2010, the first driver to do so since Scott Brayton.
Adam Lacko is a Czech auto racing driver.
In 2014 Mahindra Racing also became one of the founding ten – and the only Indian team – to compete in the FIA Formula E Championship.
Patrick Bornhauser is a French racing driver and businessman.
Richard "Spike" Goddard is an Australian racing driver.
He was born on 3 December 1994 in Limoges, France.
He has twice been champion of the British Touring Car Championship, and was third in the 2007 World Touring Car Championship.
He became the youngest driver to race in the World Touring Car Championship when he competed in the 2011 season.
He then later revolutionized the polyurethane industry with the development of LINE-X® protective coatings and PAXCON®.
He is one of eleven drivers to have won the Australian and New Zealand Grands Prix.
John Graves is an American former racing driver from Miami, Florida.
Francesco "Frankie" Provenzano is an Italian racing driver.
Until his retirement from racing, he competed in the CART, Indy Racing League and the IROC series.
In 2011 he returned to Le Mans Series with Pescarolo and finished fourth in the championship.
Graves drove in a number of other high-profile sports car races of the era including the 12 Hours of Sebring, usually teaming with Helmick.
Bell will take a sabbatical from motorsport for 2010 due to a hip injury he sustained during the previous year.
Denis Nagulin is a Russian racing driver.
In 1979, Olivero was the USAC Silver Crown Series champion.
His first attempt to qualify for a race at the Pocono Raceway ended in a practice crash.
Ryuji Miki started in the series in his own S14 Silvia, before switching to the Top Secret modified S15 for the 2002 season.
Tommy Thompson was an American racing driver of Afro-American descent.
In 2000 and 2001 he raced in the American Le Mans Panoz GTS Pro Series, winning the championship in 2001.
18 Holden VF Commodore for Charlie Schwerkolt Racing in the Virgin Australia Supercars Championship.
He won the 2001 Formula Ford Festival, he was the 2003 British Formula 3 Champion and ran for Super Nova Racing in Formula 3000 in 2004.
Can Artam is a Turkish race car driver born into a car racing family.
He is currently competing in the Fórmula Truck.
He currently competes as an independent driver in the FIA World Touring Car Championship in a BMW 320 TC under the Liqui Moly Team Engstler banner.
Kenneth "Ken" Block is a professional rally driver with the Hoonigan Racing Division, formerly known as the Monster World Rally Team.
Thiago Camilo Palmieri is a racing driver Brazil.
He competed in two American Indycar Series races in 1989.
Toft succumbed to injuries sustained in a racing accident at the Arizona State Fairgrounds.
Roy Nissany is an Israeli racing driver.
He has competed in such series as the Formula Three Euroseries and the German Formula Three Championship.
Gustav Malja is a Swedish racing driver.
He won the 2009 Australian Drivers' Championship for Team BRM.
Contested the Five Nations Championship at Nutts Corner finishing 5th.
Luca Ghiotto is an Italian racing driver.
He finished in the top ten 6 times, with his best finish in 5th position in 1962 at Syracuse.
In the 1970s McKeown raced Porsches in the Sports Sedan category, achieving a 2nd-place finish in the 1974 Toby Lee Series at Oran Park.
She is a member of Kalitta Motorsports and sponsored by Patrón Spirits Company.
Johnson suffered injuries to his back and neck, and the crash effectively ended his Indy car driving career.
After a career in karting Correia started his autoracing career in 1994 in his domestic Formula Ford championship.
Marco Greco is a Brazilian former Grand Prix motorcycle road racer and auto racing driver who competed in the Indy Racing League from 1996 to 1999.
He is married to John Force's daughter Adria Hight, John Force Racing's Chief Financial Officer.
Freddie Query is a former late model dirt track racing driver from Mooresville, North Carolina.
These performances had installed Albers to be one of the title favourites for the 1992 British championship.
He also has prior experience in Indy Lights, Trans-Am Series, Formula Super Vee, Formula Ford, and HotRod racing.
He is also the owner of MnM Engineering, a Japanese tuning garage in Rochester, Kent.
Block has also competed in many action sports events including skateboarding, snowboarding, and motocross.
Champion of the Quebec's ACT Series in 2013 and vice-champion in 2012.
James Nelson "J. N." Roberts is an American former professional off-road and enduro motorcycle racer and a film industry stuntman.
In 1989 he failed to qualify, but in 1990 he started 27th and finished the race 17th.
He raced in 5 seasons, with 33 career starts, and started in the Indianapolis 500 in 1981-1982.
Wayne Helliwell, Jr. is an American racing driver.
He is twice champion of the Russian LADA Revolution Cup in 2004 and 2006.
Before moving to FSN, she worked for various local television stations in Iowa and Kentucky, including WLEX, the NBC affiliate in Lexington.
Carcasci won the 1991 All-Japan Formula Three Championship and also participated in International Formula 3000 and Indy Lights.
Larsson won the 1996 Barber Dodge Pro Series and currently competes in the Scandinavian Touring Car Championship for WestCoast Racing.
Morris was one of the leading touring car drivers during the 1970s and continued racing until 1984.
He also finished the Le Mans 24hrs on his first attempt with the same team.
Warren Johnson is an American NHRA drag racing driver.
He won seven races in the Quebec's ACT Series and one in the former Série nationale Castrol LMS Québec.
Cunill began his racing career in 2006, driving in the Copa de España class of the Spanish Formula Three Championship.
He raced in the South African V8 Championship after progressing from karting.
Jimmy Adams returned to the SCCA Pro Racing World Challenge GT Series in 2003 in a Porsche 911 GT3 Cup car.
As the points champion Ostella was given his own Porsche 911 to race around the streets of his native Toronto for one year.
Lopez won the gold medal in the Stadium Super Trucks class at the X Games Austin 2014.
Maggi drove in a Bugatti Type 35 and Bugatti Type 36 alongside Ettore Bugatti and Bartolomeo Costantini.
Juan Pablo García is a Mexican racing driver.
Dan Drinan is an American sprint car driver from Indianapolis who failed on three separate attempts to qualify for the Indianapolis 500.
He currently drives for DJR Team Penske as a co-driver alongside Scott McLaughlin in the Pirtek Enduro Cup series.
In 2011, he retired from Super GT300.
Hill had the first run in the four second range, which earned him the nickname "Four Father of Drag Racing."
Wingo has seven career Sprint Cup victories as a crew chief.
Ronald B. Duman, was an American racecar driver who competed in the USAC Championship Car series and the Indianapolis 500.
He is the grandson of Konosuke Matsushita, founder of Matsushita Electric Industrial Co..
Each year he raced, he placed in the top five or higher in NHRA Championship Points.
Tsuyoshi Tezuka is a Japanese professional drifting driver, currently competing in the D1 Grand Prix series for Bee*Racing.
After two strokes Jones moved to London to be with his son Alan, and died just short of his 50th birthday.
He has competed in such series as Eurocup Formula Renault 2.0 and the Formula Three Euroseries.
He currently drives for Münnich Motorsport Lamborghini in the FIA GT1 World Championship.
Clarence W. Belt was an American racecar driver.
Todor Slavov was a Bulgarian rally driver.
He also loved to build custom motorcycles and paint his race helmets.
In 2006 he joined the Young Drivers Program for the Toyota Formula One team.
In 2004, he won the SCCA C Sports Racer championship in the northeast division.
For 2007 he and David Pinkney teamed up to drive Alfa Romeo cars for Gary Ayles in the series.
He has not competed a full series championship since.
The nephew of Olivia Newton-John, he has competed in both open wheel and stock car racing.
He signed on with Bryan Herta Autosport to make his Firestone Indy Lights debut at Watkins Glen International in July 2009.
He currently competes part-time in the ARCA Racing Series for family-owned Kimmel Racing.
In 2013 won the 24 Hours of Le Mans in LMP2 class and 2013 FIA WEC World Champion LMP2 class for drivers and teams.
He died in a hospital in Bristol, Pennsylvania after a crash at Langhorne Speedway.
Lance Stroll is a Canadian racing driver, currently driving in Formula One with Williams.
Dion von Moltke is an American-born race car driver who has participated under a South African racing license for the majority of his career.
In 2011 he raced in the 24 Hours of Daytona for Starworks Motorsport.
In 1997, he won in a RAM 01 car and the next two years he won in a Williams FW08.
In 2004, Prendeville took second place in the Cooper Tires Formula Ford 2000 national championship.
He became a born again Christian after a near fatal crash in 2005.
He stepped into the Team Kiwi Racing Falcon in 2007, after Paul Radisich was still recovering from an accident at Bathurst in 2006.
Greg previously served as Crew Chief for former pro stock champion Warren Johnson and tuned Warren to three pro stock championships.
Franchitti's first season for IndyCar was disrupted by an injury, but won his first races the following season.
16 Toyota Camry for Bill McAnally Racing.
He won four races in the Quebec's ACT Series and one in the US-based ACT Tour.
Joseph Boyer, Jr. was a co-winner of the 1924 Indianapolis 500.
He did the same task for Gerry Forsythe a year later, and Chip Ganassi in 2001, twice coming close to race victories.
Greaves began racing in buggies and won two championships before to Pro Light.
Scott Geoffrion was an NHRA drag racing driver.
He previously competed in the SEAT León Eurocup and Renault Clio Cup Benelux.
Jerrod Sessler is a former NASCAR driver.
He is not related to canadian actor Hayden Christensen or Danish footballer Andreas Christensen.
Scott Everts Brayton was an American race car driver on the American open-wheel circuit.
In 2001 Ray and Menard had split, and his replacement Jaques Lazier won his first victory at the Chicagoland Speedway.
John Mickel, is a stock car racer and commentator.
He is the United States Automobile Club National Midget Champion of 1991 when he fielded the Streicher #8.
He continued to drive the race car until 1996 when he began working on engines for Butch Mock Motorsports.
Pete Halsmer, is a former driver in the CART Championship Car series.
Hemric began her professional stock car racing career in the 2011 ARCA Racing Series, driving four races for Venturini Motorsports.
Russell Ingall is a former full-time Australian V8 Supercar driver.
He also won the SP3T class at the 24 Hours of Nürburgring driving a works Volkswagen Scirocco.
Daniel Woolhouse, also known as 'Fanga Dan', is a two-time D1NZ Champion and professional Drifting driver from Whangarei, New Zealand.
Éric Salignon is a French racing driver.
Sergei Zimin, Russian entrepreneur and founder of the Zimin Opera
He was survived by his wife Tina Marie Church-Hockett, after barely being married three months on February 13, 2010.
He began his career in karting in Belgium.
Recently Fleming has become a 'motorsport consultant' to his as a judge for NOPI Drift, FDC Drift, D1GP, and local events.
Chet Fillip, is a former driver in the CART Championship Car series.
John Harold Force is an American NHRA drag racer.
He currently competes in the Virgin Australia Supercars Championship, driving the No.
This garnered him the Dewar Trophy in the process.
Dismore has a single IRL win coming in the fall 1999 Texas Motor Speedway race and also finished a career-best third in points that season.
He has competed in such series as World Series by Nissan and Formula Nissan 2000.
By the 1990s, Curtis was winning SCCA races, and in 1992 Donnybrooke Motorsports became his primary sponsor.
From 2000 to 2003, he presided over a multimillion-dollar collection of historic automobiles, primarily European post-war racecars and rare road cars called the Cavallino Collection.
Sheldon Kinser, was an American race-car driver.
Kohei Hirate is a Japanese race car driver.
Shannon McIntosh is an American auto racing driver who competes in the ARCA Racing Series, recently competing for Cunningham Motorsports.
He won the 1946 and 1948 track championships at Philadelphia’s Yellow Jacket Speedway.
He was buried in Switzerland, where he had lived since the early 1930s.
Charles Jarzombek was an American racecar driver from Baiting Hollow, New York.
He is the younger brother of Formula One driver Nick Heidfeld.
He has competed in such series as the Japanese Touring Car Championship, Deutsche Tourenwagen Masters and Formula Nippon.
He was later a spotter for Conquest Racing in the Champ Car series.
In 2010, he competed in the British Formula 3 Championship.
He has previously driven in the Porsche Carrera Cup GB but currently competes in the British Touring Car Championship for Team JCT600 with GardX.
He also owned an Indy Racing League team in 1998 and 1999 for Roberto Guerrero and Jim Guthrie.
Crompton has more than 15 years of professional racing car driving experience which allows him to "speak from experience" when commentating.
He competes in the Série ACT and in the PASS North Series.
At the time of his death, Wilson was competing part-time in the IndyCar Series, driving the No.
McKenzie remained on the driver programme until its end in 2013.
Richard Lietz is an Austrian professional racing driver.
Drivers Adrian Fernandez and Roberto Moreno finished second and third in the 2000 series, which was the last time his cars were front runners.
In 2007 Matt entered the British Touring Car Championship racing for Motorbase Performance in their SEAT Toledo Cupra's.
Art Lee Pollard, Jr., was an American racecar driver.
One of the pioneers of Polish involvement in international sport racing.
Kumakubo is currently competing in the European Drift Championship  in his Subaru Impreza WRX STI.
Dylan Young is an Australian racing driver from Melbourne, Australia.
As the Italian made to lap Hartmann for a second time their cars touched wheels, sending them both rolling off the race track.
This meant Barrichello was involved in a sixth constructors' title.
As a driver, he won the FIA Alternative Energies Cup in 2011, 2012, 2013 and 2014.
He was also on pole position for the 2004 Formula Ford Festival in his first year of car racing.
Fabio Carbone is a Brazilian race car driver.
Tord Linnerud is a rallycross driver from Gjøvik, Norway.
Larry also ventured to NASCAR to drive Richie Giachetti's Ford Torino in the Daytona 500, running in the top ten before the engine expired.
Jonathan Cochet is a French racing driver.
Bob McDonogh was an American racecar driver.
He was planned to race for Dynamics in 2004, but after Vic Lee's team closed, Dan Eaves and his Halfords sponsorship replaced him.
Marty Roth is a former Canadian race car driver who last competed in 2008 in the IndyCar Series where he owned his own team, Roth Racing.
He fared three places better in the pan-European series, amassing three points from an eighth-place finish at Le Mans.
Gianni Giudici is an Italian racing driver from Abbiategrasso, in the Province of Milan.
He also ran the 24 Hours of Le Mans for Courage, finishing 15th overall and 11th in class.
In 2005 Ferrier was a frontrunner at SEAT Cupra Championship.
He then won the 2012 CTM Macau Touring Car Cup race, fighting off the advances of Team Pro Spec driver Andy Yan.
Haralds Šlēgelmilhs, known internationally as Harald Schlegelmilch is a Latvian racing driver.
14 Port of Tucson Ford Fusion owned by Penny Wood.
Major Anthony Peter Roylance "Tony" Rolt, MC & Bar, was a British racing driver, soldier and engineer.
He raced stock cars in NASCAR and USAC.
Al Hofmann was an American dragracer and drag car owner in the funny car division from Umatilla, Florida.
Born George Stewart, and nicknamed "The Flying Frenchman," he legally changed his name in tribute to fellow driver Arthur Duray.
He raced before the AAA named an official national champion.
Sean Guthrie is an American racing driver from Albuquerque, New Mexico.
The Motter family due to lack of sponsorship scaled back their racing schedule leaving Joey looking for a ride the following year.
Born in Whitestone, New York, he made 6 Indy Lights starts in 1988.
In 2011, he became the third Pro 2 driver to win the AMSOIL Cup, the world championship race in short course off-road racing.
In 1995, Alboreto moved on to sportscars and a year later the American IndyCar series.
Beechey is also a three-time winner of the Ashley Cooper Memorial Trophy.
He has competed in such series as Eurocup Formula Renault 2.0 and the Formula Three Euroseries.
Cody Crocker is an Australian rally and racing car driver.
He is the son of Jeg Coughlin Sr., the founder of Jegs High Performance.
He drove in Le Mans Series Championship and the 24 Hours of Le Mans in GT1 class for the Team Luc Alphand Aventures.
As a driver, he was a five-time Australian Touring Car Champion and a three-time winner of the Bathurst 1000.
He finished 30th both times, the second time retiring through a colossal accident where his car flipped several times.
In 2003, Scott Maxwell along with David Empringham and David Brabham won the first ever Daytona Prototype race at the Rolex 24 Hours of Daytona.
Aberdein's son Jonathan is also a racing driver.
Usually if he makes it into the top 16 he will score big points, gaining his first win in round 2 of the 2008 season.
He teamed up with three other drivers to win the 1994 24 Hours of Daytona, his biggest win as a driver.
Wickens is also a part of the revitalized Mercedes-Benz Junior Team, together with Christian Vietoris and Roberto Merhi.
Krylov is working as an advisor for the construction of the Moscow Raceway circuit.
He previously competed in the TCR International Series and Blancpain Sprint Series.
Naoki Yamamoto is a Japanese racing driver.
Jeff Simmons is an American race car driver, most recently driving open wheel cars in the Indy Racing League IndyCar Series.
Marco Mapelli is an Italian Lamborghini Factory Driver.
He was born on 21 June 1876 in Hartford,Connecticut.
Luis Miguel ‘Chapulín’ Díaz Castell is a Mexican racing driver who competes in the American Le Mans Series for Level 5 Motorsports.
He entered again in 2009, but missed the first two rounds while recovering from a knee operation.
Marian Bublewicz was Polish rally and racing driver of 80s born in Olsztyn, the home of Rally Poland.
He entered the CART Championship Car races at Laguna Seca Raceway in 1989 and 1990 in a Dick Simon Racing entry.
He currently competes in the World of Outlaws Sprint Car Series.
Robby McGehee is an Indy Racing League driver from St. Louis, Missouri.
Parker Johnstone III is a former race car driver and motorsports announcer from Redmond, Oregon.
He is the team principal of Flying Lizard Motorsports, which participates in the United SportsCar Championship and the Pirelli World Challenge in partnership with K-Pax Racing.
Bell is racing for Stevenson Motorsport in the 2010 #6 Sunoco Camaro.
He made five CART starts in 1986 and 1987 with a best finish of 6th at the 1987 Long Beach Grand Prix.
He also communicated his view of racing to fans both as author and television commentator.
He has competed in such series as Eurocup Formula Renault 2.0, International Formula Master and the Formula Le Mans Cup.
He won several major sports car racing events.
Tomonobu Fujii is a Japanese racing driver.
In 1986 Johnson attempted the first five International Formula 3000 races for BS Automotive.
He is also a past multiple World, European and British Superstox champion.
Andy Yan Cheuk Wai):甄卓偉)(born 21 October 1983) is a Hong Kong racing driver currently competing in the TCR Asia Series and Chinese Touring Car Championship.
He founded Yuke's, a video game developer company, in Sakai, Osaka in 1993.
"Samson" Chan Kai Yiu is a Canadian-born Hong Kong racing driver currently competing in the TCR Asia Series.
Tony Schumacher, is an American drag racer who is an eight-time NHRA Champion.
The crime remained unsolved until 2007, when a former business partner was convicted of having orchestrated the murders.
Doug Kalitta is an American auto racing driver from Ypsilanti, Michigan.
Since joining the Pirelli World Challenge in 2007, K-PAX Racing has celebrated four driver championships and has solidified the team as a perennial championship contender.
A competitor in the NASCAR Sportsman Modified Series, he died in an accident while practicing for the 250 mile Sportsman Modified race at Daytona in 1961.
In total, Caliva made 10 starts and failed to qualify or start 10 more times, including 5 failed attempts at the Indy 500.
He is the younger brother of former IndyCar Series driver P. J. Chesson.
"Henry" Ho Wai Kun is a racing driver from Macau.
In 2001, a month after his Sebring victory, he was killed testing an Audi R8 at the Lausitzring in Germany.
Winning the title in a factory Manthey Porsche.
Sven Barth is a German racing driver.
The impact caused his head and neck restraint to strain the arteries carrying oxygen to his brain, causing his death.
In 2007 he was invited to compete in the American Formula D series in his Corolla.
Colton Herta is an American open-wheel racing driver, and the son of IndyCar and Champ Car driver Bryan Herta.
He won the Le Mans Series LMP2 Championship outright in 2006 and has placed top five during three further seasons.
Vladimir Gennadiyevich Chagin is a Russian rally raid driver.
One of Indy's all-time most colorful drivers, Muther always had the wildest Helmet paint jobs by Gary Finoe, a disciple of Von Dutch.
Wilburn Hartwell Stubblefield, nicknamed "Stubby", was an American racecar driver.
He competed in five NASCAR Grand National/Winston Cup events and won one.
On October 29, 2014, Voda was announced to be the pre- and post-race host for NBC Sports' NASCAR coverage, which includes hosting NASCAR America on NBCSN.
He capped his career by teaming with Ron Fellows, Frank Freon, and Johnny O'Connell to win the 2001 24 Hours of Daytona.
He next competed in the 2008–2009 Toyota Racing Series championship, winning top honours winning three of the six races.
In 2006 he became the oldest driver ever to win a BTCC race.
Declan Jones is a British racing driver.
He took the CFS title in 1994, and the STW title in 1997.
He raced in the 1997–1998 and 2000–2002 seasons with 16 career starts, including 2 at the Indianapolis 500.
The Wootton family have been involved in motor sport since the 1960s in Australia.
His best CART finish was in 11th position at the 1990 Cleveland Budweiser Grand Prix and the 1990 Ohio Red Roof Inns 200.
Block is also one of the co-founders of DC Shoes.
He is the managing director of AmD Tuning, a performance tuning company and motor racing team based in West Thurrock, Essex.
For the 1997 season Crocker acquired a second-hand Subaru Legacy and finished eighth in the Australian Rally Championship.
In 1991 he captured 6 National Class wins driving for ZW Motorsport and Alan Docking Racing and finished runner-up in the National Class championship.
Joseph Nathaneal Foster is a British racing driver.
Palttala joined Turner Motorsport for the inaugural United SportsCar Championship season in 2014.
In 2008 he contested the Motegi round as well as the 2008 Indianapolis 500, for Beck Motorsports, however he failed to qualify for Indy.
Niccolò Schirò is an Italian racing driver, who is best known for being the 2012 European F3 Open champion.
Kelvin Manuel Mathijs Snoeks is a Dutch racing driver.
Jérôme d'Ambrosio is a Belgian professional racing driver.
The incident occurred when a loose wheel from Derek Warwick's car struck Höttinger's head, killing him almost instantly.
Michner suffered ultimately career ending injuries in October 1998 while testing at Homestead-Miami Speedway in a NASCAR Busch Series test.
He and fellow driver Earl Devore were lost at sea while sailing aboard the ocean liner SS Vestris.
Jack Le Brocq is an Australian professional racing driver.
He was the 1991 USAC rookie of the year in the midget series, and won the 1994 championship in the sprint car category.
He served as President of the East Coast regional racing organization from 1952 to 1968.
Kimi-Matias Räikkönen, nicknamed "The Ice Man", is a Finnish racing driver currently driving for Ferrari in Formula One.
Marzotto served as President of the Mille Miglia Club, and twice winner of race in 1950 and 1953.
Alex Davison in Melbourne, Australia, is an Australian racing driver.
His best career IRL finish was in 11th position in his first contest, the Longhorn 500 at Texas Motor Speedway.
Wladimiro "Tony" de Tommaso is an Italian former racing driver from Brindisi.
The trio race with the #1 on their car in 2016.
Paul Bost) was an American racecar driver.
5, with signage dedicated to Best Friends Animal Society.
In 1992 he moved to CART Champ Car and completed his rookie test at Sebring Raceway.
Takahiro Ueno is a Japanese professional drifting driver and businessman, the former, currently competing in the D1 Grand Prix series for Car Make T&E.
Jimmy Kite is a retired American race car driver.
Diogo Castro Santos is a Portuguese racing driver.
David Oxton is a former New Zealand racing driver.
Fillip raced stock cars and a modified during his teens and early twenties at Arena Park Raceway in Lubbock, Texas.
He currently competes in the Swedish V8 Thundercar Series.
In 2001 he switched teams to Hylton Motorsports and captured 5 wins on his way to the championship.
His death contributed to the demise of the board tracks.
Taylor began racing in Formula Ford in his native Britain, winning the 1997 Winter Championship.
Bertozzi has been racing since his teens.
Arie Luyendyk Jr. is an auto racing driver and son of two-time Indianapolis 500 winner Arie Luyendyk and resides in Scottsdale, Arizona.
Mathias Beche is a Swiss professional racing driver.
Clairay won the GT1 class of the 2009 Le Mans Series along with Patrice Goueslard.
He first competed in the D1 Grand Prix in the first round of 2002 and has always scored points in every season.
Aleix Alcaraz Roig is a professional racing driver from Spain.
Shepherd ran back-to-back 10.67s to defeat John Smith’s M/Gas Volkswagen and defending event champion Bob Riffle’s C/Gas Dodge Colt.
Wootton competed against 26 of the top drivers from the region, including nine other Australians, for a Formula BMW Pacific scholarship.
In addition to racing competitively, Harold is President/CEO of Martin Technologies, a company creating technological solutions for automotive applications.
María de Villota Comba was a Spanish racing driver.
He is also the youngest of the Pedregon brothers.
Colloquially known as 'Richo', he also won the Bathurst 24 Hour in 2002.
Daniil holds the title "master of sport on international level" in Russia.
He raced in the 1991-1992 seasons with 26 career starts, including the 1992 Indianapolis 500.
He also made his Star Mazda Championship debut.
Tim Pappas is an American racing driver and businessman who competes in the American Le Mans Series with his Black Swan Racing team.
He currently competes in the FIA Formula 2 Championship for MP Motorsport.
On Hartmann's 11th lap his Maserati 4CM voiturette was caught by the Grand Prix-class Alfa Romeo 312 of Giuseppe Farina, well over a lap ahead already.
He resulted LMP1 class champion in 2012, and runner-up in 2010 and 2011.
He is no longer racing in the series.
He raced in the Speedcar Series in 2008 and 2009, and raced at Le Mans in 2010.
Kanaan has a total of 17 career race wins and 15 pole-positions in the IndyCar Series.
When Foyt made his first Indianapolis 500 race in 2003, he became the youngest driver to start in the event.
Frank Brisko was an American racecar driver.
Nigel Melker is a Dutch racing driver.
Samuel "Sam" Schmidt is a former Indy Racing League driver and current Verizon IndyCar Series and Firestone Indy Lights series team owner.
Edward Ames Hearne was an American racecar driver from Kansas City, Kansas who was active in the formative years of auto racing.
Owens won a total of seventeen races in 2007.
Darren 'D-Mac' McNamara is a professional drift driver from Cork, Ireland.
Emil G. J. Bernstorff is a British racing driver of Danish and German descent.
Also he was the Grand-Am Rolex Sports Car Series champion in 2005 and 2013, as well as runner-up in 2010 and 2011.
2004 Karting Champion, 2007 Formula BMW Scholarship winner, 2010 Formula 3 championship 3rd position, 2014 European Le Mans series Champion, 2015 Dubai 24 Hour Champion
He has competed in such series as Formula Nippon and Super GT.
He is currently a contractor residing in Augusta, Georgia with his wife and one son who aspires to drive as well.
He also took part in the Carrera Panamericana and the Mille Miglia, and was a reserve driver for the Formula One Argentine Grand Prix in 1960.
Ferrara returned full-time to the Superstars Series for the 2013, remaining in the Roma team.
He is also a two-time class winner of the 24 Hours of Daytona, in 2001 and 2006.
He has competed in such series as the Rolex Sports Car Series and Porsche Supercup, as well as the 2009 24 Hours of Nürburgring.
Sauce drove one race in the ARS series, and tried to race in Indy car racing, but was unsuccessful.
Reports indicate that Devore was eaten by a shark in the icy waters, after his cries of help were ignored by seamen on another lifeboat.
Snider is currently a partner in ownership of non wing 360ci and 410ci sprint car teams in California.
He currently drives an HPD ARX-03b for Extreme Speed Motorsports.
He also competed multiple times in the Pikes Peak Hill Climb.
When he is not racing, he works as a brick mason as well as a schoolteacher.
He survived one of the racing sport's biggest accidents in Fort Worth, Texas, in 2003, in which a deceleration of 214g was measured.
Louis Bennett LeCocq was an American racecar driver.
He retired as a competitor after the 1993 season to become a driver coach.
Tony Ricciardello,, is a multiple-championship winning Australian race car driver.
In 1931 he won non-championship Casablanca Grand Prix, was second in Dieppe and Comminges Grand Prix and third in Marne, Monza and Brignole Grand Prix.
In 2015 he repeated the feat, again winning 10 races and the championship.
Mitchell Gilbert is an Australian racing driver.
Dick Olsson is a Swedish karting driver who won the Swedish Karting Championship and finished 4th in the North European Zone in 2006, racing Formula Yamaha.
Drinan has continued to be a top level competitor in USAC sprint car and midget racing.
He finished in the top ten 5 times, with a best finish of 6th position in 1981 at Michigan.
Additional sponsorship was found and Hunter-Reay began to drive the entire season for Andretti.
He is also competing in BRDC Formula 4 alongside his ADAC F4 campaign, partnering Will Palmer and Sisa Ngebulana at HHC Motorsport.
Josephus Koster is a former Dutch racing driver.
On May 22, 2011, Robin made her ARCA debut at New Jersey Motorsports Park competing in a road course event.
In 2013, he became the youngest class winner in Rolex Sports Car Series history, driving a Speedsource Mazda6 in the GX class.
From 2007 to 2015, he was the Chief Development Officer for the LeMay - America's Car Museum, in Tacoma, WA.
He has signed to race for Andersen Racing to race in the Firestone Indy Lights Series in 2009.
For the 2014 racing season, Barker has joined the Sigma Racing team along with Jay Beasley and Donny St Ours.
Pedro Piquet is a Brazilian racing driver.
McCluskey raced for the Holman and Moody team in a Ford GT40 Mk.IIB at the 1967 LeMans 24hrs of Endurance, France.
He raced in the 1977-1981 seasons, with 15 combined career starts, including the 1978-1979 Indianapolis 500.
In 1935 he moved the business, now known as Robert Lawrie Ltd, to London, eventually working out of premises in his home in Seymour Street.
He chose these cars as he likes big displacement and big power, also the sound of straight 6 engines.
After at least 28 years driving everything from sports cars to Indy cars to stock cars, he won his first series championship.
Marvin Kirchhöfer is a German racing driver.
Jarno Trulli is an Italian racing driver.
Luis Felipe Klinkert Maluhy is a Brazilian racing driver.
Norm Nelson was an American stock car racer.
Dorsey Schroeder is a race car driver born February 5, 1953 in Kirkwood, Missouri.
Festa left the team after 7 races with a best finish of 5th in the season opener at Homestead-Miami after the team's funding ran out.
He currently competes in the Verizon IndyCar Series driving for Team Penske.
He is the youngest driver to have reached 100 starts in the series.
Petr Fulín is a Czech racing driver currently competing in the European Touring Car Cup, where he has won the championship twice.
He then was a relief driver for Bennett Hill in the 1925 Indianapolis 500.
He started racing karts from a young age.
He was born in Buffalo, New York on January 27, 1874 and died in Pittsburgh on July 1, 1946 at the age of 72.
As part of the Davison motorsport dynasty, he is the brother of Will Davison and grandson of Lex Davison.
Andreas Simonsen is a Swedish auto racing driver from Gothenburg, who mainly competed in the German GT championship.
Miller's final IRL start came at Atlanta in 2001.
In 1992, Nomuken was runner up in the "All Japan Ikaten" Finals and later in 1996 opened his own tuning shop Uras, producing drift specific products.
Dominik Jackson is a British racing driver.
William "Will" Langhorne, is a race car driver sponsored by Porsche.
Artur Janosz is a Polish racing driver.
He competed in the first four Indianapolis 500s, with a highest finish of second in 1912.
O'Gara competed in the United States Auto Club National Midget Series in 2011 and 2012.
Alice Powell is a British racing driver.
Gianmarco Raimondo is a Canadian racing driver.
He drove for SunTrust Racing with Max Angelelli.
Being a practicing pulmonary physician in Louisville, Kentucky earned him the nickname "Doc".
Sierra Jackson is a sprint car racer from Middleton, Idaho.
He lives in Sevenoaks, Kent and is currently competing in the FIA World Endurance Championship and the FIA Formula E Championship.
Alessandro "Alex" Zanardi is an Italian professional racing driver and paracyclist.
He is a former World Touring Car Championship driver, who made his debut in 2012.
Shuman continued to race sprint cars during his foray into Champ Car and still makes occasional appearances in major sprint car events to this day.
João Urbano is a Portuguese racing driver.
Tony Hughes is a British businessman and former auto racing driver.
Wayne Michael Gardner AM11 October 1959 in Wollongong, New South Wales) is a former Grand Prix motorcycle road racer and touring car racer.
He races with a Venezuelan license but holds both German and Venezuelan nationality.
The biggest year of Patterson's career was 1961.
He has also competed in GT racing for many years, driving cars such as the Porsche 911 GT1, Toyota MR2-based SARD MC8R, and Maserati MC12 GT1.
2000 brought him to the United States to compete in Toyota Atlantic where he finished 7th in his rookie season.
For the 24 Hours of Le Mans he changed to the GTE-Pro-Class and drove the new 2011 GT3 RSR.
Miller - Judd Electrical Co. in 1918 in Detroit Michigan.
Kudrave also raced in the 1996 and 1996-1997 Indy Racing League seasons, with 3 starts.
Born in Lafayette, Indiana, George Souders led the last 51 laps of the 1927 race after starting in 22nd position as a race rookie.
Johnny Unser is a former race car driver.
Edward "Ed" Jones is a British racing driver.
Fury, a farmer living and working in the New South Wales country town of Talmalmo, was nicknamed "Farmer George" or "The Talmalmo Farmer".
He finished the 1991 season as runner-up to Jeff Andretti for Rookie of the Year
He raced in the 1965-1981 seasons, with 105 combined career starts, including the Indianapolis 500 in 1966-1969, 1971, 1978–1979, and 1981.
Instead of attending Juilliard School of Music, he went to the engineering school at the University of California, Berkeley, where he received his degree in 1982.
Stephen "Steve" Nemesh was a Hungarian-born open-wheel racecar driver, who emigrated to the United States and competed as an American.
Carlos "Iaco" Iaconelli is a Brazilian racing car driver.
She later competed as a NASCAR Drive for Diversity member in NASCAR's K&N Pro Series East, where she competed for three seasons.
He is married to Aldís Kristín Árnadóttir, an Icelandic UK-educated lawyer.
Having scored numerous karting titles in his junior years - including the Ford Kart Stars Series in 2000.
Marco Bonanomi is an Italian professional racing driver.
2001 was his first full season, being part of a four-car GR Motorsport entry into the Production Class.
Warren Scott is a British race driver.
Marvin primarily competed in CASC North American Atlantic Championship competition from 1981 to 1983 and then won the WCAR Formula Atlantic title in 1984.
That year he also competed in the 1986 24 Hours of Le Mans, co-driving a Rothmans Porsche factory 962 with Vern Schuppan.
He has competed in IMSA GT, sprint car racing, midget car racing, and the Trans Am Series.
In 1985 Fish brought unity to the sport when SCORE formed a combined series with Walt Lott and High Desert Racing Association.
He currently drives in the Stock Car Brasil series, which he won in 2008.
Kanaan also won the 24 Hours of Daytona in 2015, driving for Chip Ganassi Racing.
He secured the championship in the first race of the final race weekend of the season over American Spencer Pigot by 47 points.
Prior to leaving for Australia he had established the firm's motor racing efforts, winning races himself at Brooklands and Monza.
Sandy Nicholas Stuvik, also referred to as Sandy Kraokaew Stuvik, is a Thai-Norwegian racing driver.
Jens Klingmann is a German racing driver.
He is also competitor in the Super DIRTcar Series.
He finished fifth overall in his class, having taken a race win in round 16 of the series at Snetterton.
Sat on the pole for 15 races and was on the podium 20 times out of 25 races.
In 1933 Czaykowski won British Empire Trophy.
He won the 1979 French Formula Renault Championship and the 1980 French F3 championship.
In 1980 he entered the CART series and began modifying his own McLaren chassis that he dubbed the McLaren-Karl.
Antonio "Tony" D'Alberto is an Australian professional racing driver.
Jay Howard is a British professional race car driver who competed in the Verizon IndyCar Series and Indianapolis 500 and resides in Indianapolis, Indiana.
His final victory came in Reading in 2000.
The professional series raced at tracks beside other professional and amateur event.
He rejoined the World of Outlaws after the season, and the NST folded.
Having previously competed in the Asian Formula Renault Series.
Bergere had the distinction of the most starts in Indy 500 history at the time of his career, a record he held until 1974.
Later, Robin transferred to the British made [Radical Sportscars|Radical] in D Sports Racing.
Mauro and his family owned several car dealerships, leading him to being the only Ferrari importer in Denver for many years.
He was killed in a crash at Charlotte Motor Speedway in 1995.
Miller was competing for the Volkswagen factory team in a diesel Touareg but crashed out of the competition on the first day.
He was classified second in the 2012 F1600 Championship Series season.
His best finish in AAA Championship racing came later that year at the New York State Fairgrounds Raceway where he finished sixth.
At Oscherschleben Tom took his first win in the Deutsche Tourenwagen Masters.
For two years he raced for Turner Motorsport.
Ed "Dutch" Schaefer was an American racecar driver.
Jan Ellegaard Magnussen is a Danish professional racing driver and a factory driver for General Motors.
In October 2015, Gerould announced his retirement from television sportscasting.
The next year, he was champion of the Shanghai TCL KART challenge and received a BMW Scholarship.
He died during the early hours of the following morning, in hospital.
He has 3 wins and 4 poles in the Rolex Sports Car Series.
He won the 2007 and 2009 GRAND-AM Rolex Sports Car Series Daytona Prototype drivers' championship and is the son of racing legend Dan Gurney.
He won the Dakar Rally riding a motorcycle in 2004.
He has since been removed from the position.
Between 2006 and 2009 he drove for the BMW Sauber F1 team, promoted from test driver to race driver during 2006.
Carl passed away on July 17, 2017.
Carl was crowned the 2007 D1NZ champion driving a Nissan Silvia S14.
Since 2003 he competes in the Stock Car Brasil touring car championship driving for Chevrolet.
Jody Firth is a British racing driver, who most recently competed in the British GT Championship.
Jimmy Auby is a South African racing driver.
Gordon drove in the Indianapolis 500 in 1932, 1934, and 1935, but never successfully finished the race.
He is a 16-time Funny Car champion driver and an 18-time champion car owner.
Nick Sanborn was an American professional automobile racer who was Pikes Peak Hill Climb champion.
He was promoted to the position of president at Penske Racing in January 2006.
He started his 100th race at the Grand Prix of Sharjah in 2015.
In 2012, he was diagnosed with an aggressive melanoma, and died in October aged 43.
He had a total of 6 career wins.
Haustein drove in 16 AAA Championship Car races between 1930 and 1935, including three Indianapolis 500 starts.
Rex spun his car into the wall, got out of the car, and pulled the unconscious Duke Dinsmore to safety.
He won the Masters Class in 2014.
His best result was a twentieth position in race two.
Kumar Ram Narain Karthikeyan is a racing driver who was the first Formula One driver from India.
Sato won the 2013 Toyota Grand Prix of Long Beach, becoming the first Japanese driver to win an IndyCar race.
In 2007, Yasukawa drove the #11 SAMAX Motorsport Daytona Prototype at Infineon Raceway, finishing 17th.
Wood was one of three hosts for History's Top Gear along with Adam Ferrara and Tanner Foust, which premiered on November 21, 2010.
Son of 2003 NASCAR Winston Cup Series champion Matt Kenseth, he currently competes part-time in the ARCA Midwest Tour, CRA Super Series and ARCA Racing Series.
Eurico de Jesus is a Macanese racing driver currently competing in the Macau Touring Car Championship.
Van der Merwe is currently the official driver of the FIA Medical Car in Formula One events.
Lindbom presently drives for Evans Motorsport Group in the Dunlop V8 Supercar Series.
During the 2010 season, he left the ownership group of Newman/Haas.
Guy Cosmo is an American racing driver who competes in the United SportsCar Championship.
The family relationship has allowed him to receive financial backing from Panasonic throughout his racing career.
He has been a stalwart competitor of Hondas in various championships since 1995, and has had 2 lengthy spells in the BTCC.
He also drove in the 1931 Indianapolis 500 but his transmission failed after 5 laps.
Continuing with Citroën, he went on to take a record ninth consecutive world title in 2012.
Sergey Nikolayevich Krylov is a Russian auto racing driver.
Boris Derichebourg is a retired professional race car driver from France.
At the Macau GP, Boyd walked away from an incredible crash - surviving after landing upside down and will be remembered as a great escape.
He finished in the top ten twice, with his best finish in 6th position in 1982 at Riverside.
He was born on September 23, 1876 in Chicago, Illinois.
For the next two years he drove in the Spanish SEAT Cupra Championship in which he scored a total of 10 points over both seasons.
Michael Dennis Groff is a former race car driver who competed in CART and the IRL IndyCar Series and was the 1989 Indy Lights champion.
He was also a presenter on the Japanese Best Motoring TV series.
He competed in Formula One from 1997 to 2011, driving for Minardi, Prost, Jordan, Renault, Toyota, Lotus Racing and Team Lotus.
For 2006 he rejoined the BTCC at its halfway point again driving a Peugeot 307 entered by Team Griffin Motorsport with sponsorship from Farécla.
He has competed in such series as Euro/Italian Formula 3000, International GT Open, International Formula 3000 and the FIA GT Championship.
John Richards is a former American racing driver from Waco, Texas.
He currently drives for ART Grand Prix in the GP3 Series.
Ciprich retired some years later and now resides in Florida.
In that season he completed 3,305 laps, making him the first IndyCar Series driver to complete every possible lap in a season.
Since 2006 he has contested the British Touring Car Championship, but he spent the majority of his career racing BMWs in various championships.
Chris Kneifel, is a former driver in the CART Championship Car series.
Wood is an American former racing driver.
Rahal was also a sports car driver during the 1980s, and made one NASCAR start for the Wood Brothers.
In 2014, Holland became the first American driver in history to compete full-time in the BTCC driving Rotek Racing's Audi S3.
He ended again runner-up in the International Series and third in the Italian Championship.
He currently resides in San Francisco, California.
He has competed in such series as the German Formula Three Championship.
Jaime Camara is a Brazilian race car driver, who most recently competed in the IndyCar Series for Conquest Racing.
He has been married to ESPN motorsport reporter Nicole Briscoe, since 2009.
Nunez began his racing career in the Skip Barber Summer Series in 2011 where he won the championship.
Norbert Kiss two-time FIA European Truck Racing Championship champion, one of the most successful Hungarian speed race drivers.
He began racing at 9 years of age.
At the time of his death, his home was in Los Angeles.
Muther had many friends in the California music and art scene.
Richard Marsh is an auto racing driver from Derbyshire, England.
Michael Caine is a British auto racing racing driver.
He is currently competing in the 2017 BTCC with Motorbase Performance as the teammate of Mat Jackson and Luke Davenport.
Although he tested the Renault F1 car, Jaussaud instead stayed in touring cars and endurance, winning the 1979 Production title in a Triumph Dolomite.
Born in Geneva, Switzerland, he holds dual nationality from France and Italy.
He has a son, Ryan Bettenhausen, and daughter, Tracy Jennings.
Hamad Al Fardan, is a Bahraini racing driver and musician.
He is the only British Asian in single-seat formula racing.
Christian Engelhart is a German racing driver.
In 2008, he continued in the series, then known as the Firestone Indy Lights Series and for the new Team E outfit.
Bruce Feldman is an American racing driver from San Ramon, California.
Mahler qualified for the 1971 Indianapolis 500 but was replaced by his teammate who did not qualify, Dick Simon, due to sponsorship commitments.
Lo Ka Chun born 11 November 1977 in Hong Kong is best known as a race driver.
He was named Novice of the Year.
He most recently drove for Andretti Autosport in the IndyCar Series.
Jake Cook is a British racing driver, currently competing in the Protyre Formula Renault Championship for Hillspeed.
He has competed in such series as the EFDA Nations Cup and the German Formula Three Championship.
He also drove in the open-wheeled Australian Formula Ford and British Formula Three.
In the USAC National Sprint Car series, he is 4th in all-time wins with 46.
Joni Wiman is a rallycross driver from Finland.
Aleksey Nikolayevich Dudukalo is a Russian auto racing driver.
She previously raced in the U.S. F2000 National Championship for Pabst Racing Services and with Cape Motorsports with Wayne Taylor Racing in 2011.
In 2007, Boyd raced Formula Ford 1600 and won the Northern Irish FF1600 Championship.
Rick Kerry is a British motor racing driver from Ipswich, United Kingdom.
Ryan Briscoe is an Australian professional racing driver from Sydney who has raced open wheel and sports cars in Europe and America.
Guillaume Cunnington is a French racing driver currently competing in the TCR International Series and All-Japan Formula Three Championship with FSC Motorsport.
Sergio Canamasas Español is a racing driver from Spain.
Martin has presented many times at various speaking engagements including Eton Academy, Jackson Community College, Hampton Middle School, and the Advanced Engine Technology Conference.
Michel Nykjær is a Danish auto racing driver.
He finished in the top five three times in the CART series, with his best finish in 2nd position in 1983 at Cleveland.
Professor at the Faculty of Medicine of Tunis;
Michael Jernberg is a former rallycross driver from Kinna, Sweden.
Romain Dumas is a French professional auto racing driver.
In 1987, his brother Don Whittington pleaded guilty to money laundering charges in association with his brother's activities.
He died on January 1, 1986, before he could attend his induction in the National Midget Auto Racing Hall of Fame later that year.
Mark Larkham is a retired Australian racing driver, former racing team owner and television commentator.
He now is a co-owner of a Firestone Indy Lights team, Fan Force United.
Dyson retired from full-time racing in 2003 but continued to drive part-time until 2007.
He was the 2011 French F4 champion.
He won the 1971 Knoxville Nationals, the premiere event in sprint car racing.
In 2004 he entered the German Toyota Yaris Cup, winning the championship in 2005.
Christian Rado is a professional racing driver from the United States.
Chuck Hulse is a retired American racecar driver.
Since his retirement from active racing, he has owned A. J. Foyt Enterprises, which has fielded teams in the CART, IRL, and NASCAR.
Alexandre Prémat is a multiple-championship winning French racing driver.
Robert W. "Robby" Gordon is an American racecar driver.
Veronica McCann is a speedway race driver.
USAC rules at the time required drivers to be 21 years of age, but Garza's racing license listed him as being 22 years old.
Joe Gosek, is a super-modified racecar driver.
Bob Wente was an American racing driver.
James Bickford is an American stock car racing driver.
Kubica was named one of "The Men of the Year 2012" by Top Gear magazine for his return to auto racing.
Marcos is the son of four-time Stock Car champion Paulo Gomes and brother of the also racing driver Pedro Gomes.
Force, his daughters, Courtney, Ashley, and Brittany, and son-in-law Robert Hight are collectively known as "The First Family of Drag Racing."
He drove a Hudson for his entire career.
He drove for the Jaguar Junior Formula Three team in 2001, impressively winning his first F3 race on his F3 debut.
Cronin successfully defended his title in 2010 driving a Subaru Impreza.
Masao took his first win in 2005 and went on to place second overall.
He was a resident of Findley Lake, New York, where he owned and operated an automobile dealership.
Later, he would finish second in the 1990 IMSA Camel Lights championship in the United States.
Pentus stayed with Fortec to compete in the 2010 Formula Renault 3.5 Series.
The next year he finished 2nd both in the World and in the Italian championships, both won by Massimo Liverani.
Having previously competed in the Lamborghini Super Trofeo Asia, Ferrari Challenge Asia Pacific and Audi R8 LMS Cup amongst others.
He is buried at Angeles Abbey Cemetery, Compton, California.
Duncan Tappy is a professional racing driver from the United Kingdom.
In the endurance events in the 2013 season, Johnson teamed up with Erebus Motorsport, as a co-driver in car No.
He was able to get backing from a St. Louis business and eventually Burger King.
Lee Holdsworth is an Australian racing driver.
In 2001 he graduated from the Faculty of Management in Warsaw.
He failed to qualify for both the races he attempted in 1984, so he was not credited with a race start that season.
In 2008, she started racing in the ATS Formel 3 Trophy for the HS Technik Motorsport-team in a Dallara F304 OPC Challenge.
Harrison is a former World Champion and one of the most recognisable figures in the sport.
Alexander "Alex" Hay MacDowall is a British auto racing driver.
The team ceased operations at the end of the 2012 season, leaving McKenzie without a drive in the KF3 class for 2013.
After this 1Malaysia would run its team as Team Lotus from 2011 onwards.
He retired from racing in 1962 then owned the Indianapolis Speeddrome with Gene Hartley until 1977.
He has also competed in the World Touring Car Championship and the inaugural Scandinavian Touring Car Championship.
Gentilozzi and fellow Champ Car owners Gerald Forsythe and Kevin Kalkhoven purchased the assets of Champ Car following a financially difficult 2003 season.
Andrea Pizzitola is a professional French racing driver.
In 1981 along with veteran Brian Redman and Bobby Rahal Garretson won the 24 Hours of Daytona.
In 2009 he raced full-time in the British Formula Three Championship for T-Sport and won a race at Donington Park.
Blaine H. Johnson was a professional drag racer.
Patrik Sandell is a rally driver from Sweden.
He finished in the top ten 4 times, with his best finish in 4th position, in 1961 at Springfield.
Fabrizio Giovanardi is an Italian racing driver.
In 2010 he competed in the NASCAR Whelen Euro Series, finishing eighth with one win.
Alan "Dutch" Schaefer was also the name of Arnold Schwarzenegger's character in the original Predator movie
He finished all his races in the top ten.
he made his final start in 1993 with Hemelgarn Racing at the Cleveland Grand Prix after failing to qualify for the 1993 Indianapolis 500.
Omer Younas is a Pakistani racing driver who drives in Formula BMW Asia for Team E-Rain.
Ray Gilhooley was an American racecar driver.
The pressure of leading in his first laps saw him crash from the lead in turn 4, but his fate was sealed.
Sonderegger runs an architecture and property firm called Atelier2000 Look GmbH.
Michal Matějovský is a Czech auto racing driver.
Shadow was in financial decline, however, and in 1981 Nichols sold his assets to the Theodore team of Chinese businessman Teddy Yip.
Manuel Gião is a Portuguese racing driver.
Tordoff supports his racing career with his day-to-day job as an accountant.
Charles C. Cox was an American race car driver who competed in the 1915 Indianapolis 500.
Sophia Flörsch is a racing driver from Germany.
He won the Spanish SEAT León Supercopa in 2005 and 2006, and won the inaugural SEAT León Eurocup in 2008.
Kelvin van der Linde is a South African racing driver currently competing in the ADAC GT Masters.
He failed to qualify in 1949 and it was the end of his Champ Car career.
He won the CTM Macau Cup with China Dragon Racing both times.
He made his debut in 1924 at Altoona Speedway.
In 2010 Ricciardello contested his first full season in V8 Supercars, driving the #16 Holden VE Commodore for Kelly Racing in the Championship.
Lazier started his IndyCar career in 1989 by competing in the Indy Car World Series.
At the age of 10, he told a TV programme that he wanted to race in the BTCC.
David Leslie was a British racing driver.
Norman Batten was an American racecar driver active in the 1920s.
His relief driver was future World War I hero Eddie Rickenbacker.
Sébastien Olivier Buemi is a Swiss professional racing driver, who formerly competed for Scuderia Toro Rosso in Formula One.
Joe Cooper was an American racecar driver.
In 1995, he began racing in Short-course Off-road Drivers Association.
However, Leighton did lead one lap—an impressive stat in his first career start.
Bruce Bechtel is a former NASCAR driver from Corona, California who competed in ten races in the NASCAR Busch Series between 2002 and 2004.
He finished third in points in 2003 and 2006 and second in 2007.
He also finished third in 2001 and 2009.
Robert Evans was an American racecar driver.
He is the son of former footballer and racing driver Vicente Pernía, and brother of Spanish international footballer Mariano Pernía.
Snider owns Silver Crown race cars and, in 2005, allowed Foyt's grandson A.J.
Ángel Burgueño is a Spanish racing driver.
Jacob Wilson is an American racing driver.
He currently competes part-time in the ARCA Racing Series as an owner/driver, driving the No.
On October 12, 2006, ESPN announced that Massaro will be a pit reporter when NASCAR coverage returns to ESPN, ESPN2, and ABC in 2007.
In 2006 he won the race by just 0.003 second from arch rival Kenneth Look.
The race however, was cancelled after 79 laps due to spectator fatalities and struck from the record.
He finished in the top ten 5 times, with his best finish in 4th position in 1979 at Pocono.
William Leonard "Billy" Boat is an American former open-wheel driver who raced in the Indy Racing League.
He won the Barber Dodge midwestern racing series of 2001.
Armando Parente is a Portuguese racing driver.
Emanuele Calchetti is an Italian rally co-driver, in 2012 FIA Alternative Energies World Champion.
He is a two-time Rolex Sports Car Series GT class champion and winner of the 2014 24 Hours of Daytona in GT Daytona.
2 Holden VF Commodore for Walkinshaw Racing.
Jane was inducted into the V8 Supercars Hall of Fame in 2000.
Viso Lossada is a Venezuelan professional racing driver.
Maxwell clinched the 2016 Continental Tire SportsCar Challenge GS championship co-driving with Billy Johnson in the Ford Performance Shelby GT350R-C.
Not to be confused with Stéphane Grégoire.
Xavier Maassen is a Dutch racing driver who previously competed in the FIA GT1 World Championship for Mad-Croc Racing.
He previously had raced for Kasey Kahne and was a developmental driver for Chip Ganassi Racing.
On November 18, 2013 Read announced that he would compete in Indy Lights in 2014 with Bryan Herta Autosport/Jeffrey Mark Motorsport.
Brady Bacon is an American racecar driver.
While drag racing he won the C2 class during the 2005/2006 Night Speed Dragwars.
Anderson began racing karts in the Colorado Sprint Championship.
Nathan Antunes in Sydney, Australia is best known as an Australian race car driver.
The Chastain team named Roberto Moreno their replacement driver and he successfully made the race.
Under the tutelage of her father Ron Fry, she began driving quarter-midget sprint cars at age 4.
He progressed to Formula 3 and Formula 2 in 1970, racing private Brabhams and a Lotus 69.
Justus won the USF2000 championship in the year 2000 and continued into the Atlantic Championship.
Jim Palmer and Phil West finished 2nd outright behind the winning Monaro of Bruce McPhee and Barry Mulholland.
In 1997 he finished third in Class B of the French Formula Ford Championship.
Charles Leclerc is a Monégasque racing driver and reigning GP3 champion.
Earl and the Spice team earned a class victory at the 24 Hours of Daytona in 1987.
Dave Strickler was a drag racer during the 1960s.
Greg Anderson is a current NHRA Mello Yello Drag Racing Series Pro Stock driver for KB Racing, driving the Summit Racing Chevrolet Camaro.
In a race at Milwaukee, a fellow driver, Duke Dinsmore, was thrown from his car during an incident in the south turn.
Founding member and honorary President of Board of Directors of Population and Development South-South Partnership;
He sold the team and retired from racing shortly thereafter.
He participated in the first Formula One United States Grand Prix at Sebring on December 12, 1959.
Scott Taylor is a retired American professional off-road racing driver from Belvidere, Illinois.
George Mack is a former Indy Racing League driver.
Despite numerous reports listing him as William, his first name was Wilbert.
He was the 2010 French rallycross champion and was runner-up in the 2013 European Rallycross Championship season in Supercars.
He started on the front row twice, and he led 69 laps of the 1934 race but finished ninth that year.
The team were beset with problems but Hughes scored Overall points several times, with both cars scoring in the independents championship.
Alessandro "Alex" Ciompi is an Italian racing driver.
He raced for PKV Racing in the North American Champ Car series in 2007.
He was killed in a crash at Woodbridge Speedway.
His younger brother is Masami Kageyama, who also competed in JGTC and at Le Mans.
Alessandro Vita Kouzkin is a Russian-Italian race car driver.
Roberto Ravaglia is a former auto racing driver, who currently runs ROAL Motorsport, who operate a Chevrolet operation in the World Touring Car Championship.
Born in Omaha, Nebraska, Mathouser died in Los Angeles, California.
The car flipped three times in mid-air as Bergere passed underneath.
2010 Ian is competing once again for APR motorsport.
He attempted the 1999 Indianapolis 500 but failed to qualify his Coulson Racing entry.
Once he gained his driving licence, he was dedicated to night-time street drag racing and then progressed to touge racing.
The relationship did not continue into 2011 and Ricciardello returned to the Sports Sedans category, winning the 2011 Kerrick Sports Sedan Series.
In October 2009, Montoya was ranked 30th on Times Online's list of the Top 50 Formula One drivers of all time.
After he retired, Caracciola worked as a Mercedes-Benz salesman targeting North Atlantic Treaty Organization troops stationed in Europe.
Lucas Wolfe is an American race car driver.
He is a graduate of Central Catholic High School and is currently enrolled at Purdue University.
He went on to finish sixteenth in the overall standings and finished sixth in the rookie championship overall standings.
Thorne raced his own cars is the Indianapolis 500, and later went on to attempt to design aircraft.
Driving a Firestone-Columbus automobile, Frayer won a 100-mile race in Columbus, Ohio, defeating, among others, the great Barney Oldfield.
In IndyCar he collected 8 wins and 28 podiums, finishing third in the 2009 season, fifth in 2008 and 2010, and sixth in 2011 and 2012.
He is currently team principal at Coloni Motorsport, a motor racing team founded in 1981 by his father, Enzo Coloni.
Herrington returned to the series for the penultimate race of 2010 at Kentucky, stepping into BHA's No.
He won three times in 2011 and finished fifth in the series.
Bryan John Herta is an American race car driver.
Wade Morton was an American racecar driver.
Later in 1972, he teamed with David Reher and Buddy Morrison.
In 2008 Tuka was chosen to drive the Flamengo's car in Formula Superleague.
In 2008 he drove a Porsche 911 for The Racer's Group and in 2009 drove for Farnbacher Loles Racing.
Harlan Fengler was an American racecar driver.
Jay Scott Drake is an American auto racing driver.
Bruce is also a world feed commentator of the Superleague Formula and has commentated alongside Ben Edwards and Jonathan Green.
Adam Beechey is an Australian racing driver.
Jamie Smyth is a British racing driver, best known for winning the 2007 British GTC Championship.
Marc Breuers is a former Barber Dodge Pro Series and Atlantic Championship driver.
He has been competing in the Deutsche Tourenwagen Masters for Audi since 2001.
He returned to the series with Team PBIR and competed in seven more races.
Dennis Alphons Ronald van de Laar is a Dutch racing driver.
Harry Stockman was an American racecar driver who raced midget cars.
He is currently driving for TOM'S in Super GT and in Super Formula.
James J. Buick is a former American racing driver from Omaha, Nebraska who competed in the CART series in 1981.
Allan Simonsen was a Danish racing driver, born in Odense.
Nelson Mason is a Canadian racing driver.
Shigeaki Hattori, also called Shige Hattori, is a Japanese professional race car driver and team owner currently based in the United States.
Morris was inducted into the V8 Supercars Hall of Fame in 2004.
He made 30 AAA Championship Car starts from 1923 to 1952.
Canto has been a regular in the main V8 Supercar series for a variety of teams racing both full-time and as a part-time endurance race co-driver.
Kageyama won the inaugural Japanese Grand Touring Car championship, in the Nismo Nissan Skyline GT-R R32, before winning the next two championships.
Tommy Coates of Trenton, New Jersey was a stock car racer.
After his driving career ended he turned to horse racing.
In IndyCar competition, Castroneves has 23 wins and 38 poles, and placed second in the season standings four times, third two times and fourth four times.
He also made one NASCAR start, the 1959 Daytona 500 where he finished 50th after a transmission failure.
May 11 was a short day of qualifying due to weather; on May 18 qualifications began about 15 minutes late due to administrative delays.
He signed to race with Team Pelfrey for the 2012 Star Mazda Championship season.
He works as the manager at a used car dealership called Kids Heart in the Aichi Prefecture.
Paul Radisich is a retired New Zealand racing driver and businessman of Croat origin.
Anthony "Tony" Allen Gilham is a British auto racing driver.
Norbert Nagy is a Hungarian racing driver currently competing in the European Touring Car Cup.
Fabien Giroix is a French racing driver from Saint-Maur-des-Fossés, Paris.
Originally from San Antonio Texas, he competed in stock car races in 1940 and 1941.
He has also developed and sells the "Virtual Racing Chassis", an advanced racing sim for use with Racing video games.
He drove for the Essex racing team in 1922 and 1923, as well as for the Boyle Valve racing team in 1927.
His real name may have been Ed Wilbur Aleon.
He continued in Formula BMW in 2008 and clinched the championship in Shanghai, with two races to spare.
Joshua Damon Hill is a British former racing driver from Surrey, England.
He won the 2015 24 Hours of Le Mans with co-drivers Earl Bamber and Nico Hülkenberg.
Thanks to his heroic efforts the driver, Tetsuya Ota, was able to escape with his life.
Anthony Kumpen is a Belgian professional racing driver.
He previously competed in the TCR International Series and SEAT León Eurocup.
He was part of the Ferrari Driver Academy from 2010 to 2015.
Hülkenberg raced in Formula One in 2010 with the Williams team.
Nearing his retirement, Franck Fréon leveraged his knowledge, experience and passion for cars to establish his business Pumpkin Fine Cars & Exotics in 1998.
He won the MSA Young Driver of the Year award for 2010, the first recipient of the award.
Robby made two starts in the Indianapolis 500 with a best finish of 5th in 1998.
His name and his team, RealTime Racing, have become synonymous with the Honda and Acura brands.
He used to be managed by Anthony Hamilton and was signed to the McLaren young driver programme in January 2010.
Stoneman was the 2010 Formula Two champion.
Muther died of heart failure in his sleep, in San Juan, Washington.
Bill Baird is an American race car driver.
Davide Valsecchi is an Italian racing driver, and the 2012 GP2 Series champion.
He currently lives in Mooresville, North Carolina.
His best result came at Silverstone during a wet race 3, in conditions that he thrives in.
David Donohue is an American race car driver formerly active in the Grand-Am's Rolex Sports Car Series Daytona Prototype class for Action Express.
Gavin Seager is a racing driver; he has raced the #54 pickup since 1998 in the UK Pickup Truck Racing series.
He is the younger brother of the late Formula One and IndyCar Series driver Justin Wilson.
He is the son of the 1978 National Dutch Rallycross Champion with VW Golf Mk1 1600, the Psychologist Ronald van der Zande.
His best series standing in the British version was 4th in 2002.
Robert Józef Kubica is a Polish current rally and former Formula 1 racing driver.
After karting and amateur racing, Major began professional racing in 2006 in Formula BMW USA.
Over his career, he amassed 309 wins and 18 track championships.
Clucas won the 2006 Australian Drivers' Championship for Team BRM and the GT Light class of the Spanish GT Championship in 2009 with Francisco Lorena.
Hofmann finished in the Top 10 season points standings during seven seasons, including every year from 1991 until 1996.
He has also tested for the Formula One team British American Racing.
Bobby Regester is a former driver in the Indy Racing League.
P. J. Abbott is an American race car driver.
The films show that he wasn’t too happy when at lap 72, team owner Lou Moore pulled Davis from his car and replaced him with Rose.
He is married to wife Diane and the father of both 1996 Indianapolis 500 champion Buddy Lazier and Indy Racing League driver Jaques Lazier.
He started racing in the NSW Street Sedan Championship in 1994 in a Suzuki Swift GTi.
He returned the next year with the same car and competed in 7 races, his career-best finish of 12th coming in an attrition-filled Meadowlands race.
Ernest Delaney was an American racecar driver.
Mezera's sporting career began as a downhill skier in his native Czechoslovakia, before he emigrated to Australia to be a ski instructor.
Pat Austin is a retired American drag racer.
Tatiana Calderón Noguera is a Colombian racing driver from Bogotá.
He is the son of six-time SCCA champion Bob Sharp.
He will debut in the 2016 Renault Sport Trophy with the R-ace GP team.
McGehee got started in racing in 1994 when he went to Skip Barber Racing School with his mother.
In her debut race, she became the first female to score points in an ADAC Formula 4 race.
He progressed onwards to Formula Three series around the world, including the British Formula Three Championship.
He previously competed in the British Touring Car Championship, World Touring Car Championship and Deutsche Tourenwagen Meisterschaft.
He also represented the IRL in the International Race of Champions in 2000 and 2001.
Richard Keen is a British auto racing driver.
Francesco Castellacci is a professional racing driver from Italy.
Nick Foster is a British auto racing driver and businessman who previously drove in the British Touring Car Championship.
He made a comeback into pit reporting for ABC's coverage of the IndyCar race at the New Hampshire International Speedway in August 2011.
Daniel Mancinelli is a professional racing driver from Italy.
He is currently fifth in the standings with one win and seven podiums out of 13 starts.
Brandon Newey is an American racing driver.
Later he would learn that he had forgotten some of his past.
He is the younger brother of former VX Racing BTCC driver Gavin Smith.
He finished 18th in points participating in only 8 of 15 races with a best finish of fourth at Homestead-Miami Speedway.
She is the daughter of drag racer John Force and the sister of fellow racers Courtney Force and Ashley Force Hood.
He is the current British Formula 3 champion.
Gábor Wéber is a Hungarian auto racing driver who competed in one race of the 2003 Porsche Supercup.
He attempted 8 races for the same team in 2007 but did not qualify for any of them.
He was replaced in the BHA car by Nick Andries for the third race of the season in Long Beach.
Late in the race, Baker spun backward into a tire barrier.
Myron Stevens was an American racecar driver.
He moved to sports cars and has had some success in Radicals finishing second in the Supersports & Sports 1300 Interstate Challenge Australia in 2010.
He made two other National Championship starts that season and finished 19th in the championship.
After winning the All-Star Circuit of Champions championship in 1989, he began racing in USAC.
Paul Rees is a British racing driver.
He is now racing for Phoenix Racing in the 2014 Blancpain Sprint Series.
Scott Andrew Speed is an American race car driver, who currently races in Global Rallycross for the Andretti Autosport team.
His brother Matt has raced in FIA GT3 and British GT3.
Scott Andrew Fraser was a Canadian professional racing car driver from Shubenacadie, Nova Scotia.
He came second in the European Touring Car Cup to Michel Nykjaer in 2008.
In 2009 he moved to the Star Mazda Series with AIM Autosport and finished 13th in points with one podium finish.
He competes with a Belgian licence, while representing Germany.
She was also co-host on NASCAR Nation when that show aired on Speed Channel.
Ashley Alan Cooper was an Australian race car driver.
Hernandez finished 18th at the season opening race in Greenville Pickens Speedway.
He competed in the Indy Racing League between 2001 and 2006.
Jeff Heywood is a former American racing driver from Mission Hills, California.
Together with Bobby Seymour and Seymour Enterprises of Marlboro, Massachusetts, he built the first and still manufactures the Hawk brand Midget and Quarter Midget cars.
Unfortunately their Le Mans adventure ended prematurely when a blown head gasket saw them retire on lap 25.
Hiroaki Ishiura is a Japanese racing driver.
He also competed in the World of Outlaws sprint car tour, having made his debut in the series in 2003.
As this applies to the order cars cross the line, not the final amended race result, this is a disqualification offence.
For the Spanish jazz pianist, see Adrián Carrio.
In 1998 his major sponsor Zepter entered him in the British Formula 3 Championship even though he had next to no open wheel Formula racing experience.
He then moved up to the All Star Circuit of Champions, where he won 18 races in 1995.
He is the chief driving instructor at the Porsche Sport Driving School, held at the Barber Motorsports Park outside Birmingham, Alabama.
Derichebourg began his racing career in karts in 1992 before moving to the French Formula Three Championship in 1995 and 1996.
His current hometown race track is the Devils Bowl Motor Speedway dirt track in Mesquite, Texas.
Adam William Morgan is a British auto racing driver.
From 1994 through 1997 he drove BMWs, winning four GT2 races and winning the Manufacturer's Title in 1996.
At the 2011 Superstars Series, Ferrara got one win and eight podiums in 18 races.
Kourosh Khani is an Iranian racing driver.
Andy Bachetti, also known as "The Wild Child", is a dirt track race car driver from the Northeastern United States.
Ellery started racing in karts before graduation to Formula Ford in 1992.
Takashi Kobayashi is a Japanese racing driver.
Wanneroo Raceway’s name was changed to Barbagallo Raceway in 1992 due to Barbagallo’s sponsorship.
Carl was the Rookie Of the Year winner for the 1929 Indianapolis 500 race.
38 Porsche 911 GT3 Cup for Wall Racing.
He was vice-champion of the Quebec's ACT Series in 2007 and of the Série Supreme ADL Tobacco in 2000.
His exploits in the Global RallyCross Championship have earned him the nickname of “The Viking Warrior” in the U.S.
Robin Christian Zacharias Larsson is a Swedish racing driver currently participating in the FIA European Rallycross Championship.
Jim Ka To is a race car driver who competed in the 2001 Formula Renault 2000 Eurocup and currently competes in the China Touring Car Championship.
He was also the host of the Speed Road Tour Challenge in 2007.
She also was a fill-in sideline reporter for the NFL on Fox.
José Monroy is a Portuguese racing driver currently competing in the TCR International Series.
He had 63 career starts, including the Indianapolis 500 from 1964 to 1968.
Arthur Abrahams is a retired Australian race car driver.
Dale Wood is an Australian racing driver who drives for Erebus Motorsport in the Virgin Australia Supercars Championship.
Luke Youlden is an Australian motor racing driver.
He died in Indianapolis, Indiana, as a result of injuries sustained in practice during the first day of time trials for the 1973 Indianapolis 500.
She drives in the ARCA Racing Series, and previously drove in the Firestone Indy Lights, the development league of IndyCar.
Rinaldo "Dindo" Capello is an Italian professional racing driver.
He retired from driving after the conclusion of the 2015 Super GT Series season, becoming the team director of Lexus Team LeMans Wako's.
He returned to the series for 2009, driving for Team Moore Racing.
Newgarden began driving the 2 car for Team Penske in the 2017 IndyCar Series.
With 31 Trans Am wins, the most in series history, eclipsing the record held by Mark Donohue and 11 IMSA wins.
He previously competed in the Formula Nippon and IRL IndyCar Series.
Chris Dyson is an American racing driver who competes in the American Le Mans Series for Dyson Racing.
He won the Formula Mazda class at the June Sprints in 2011.
His best points finish was 22nd place in the 1981 season.
Greg Leffler, is a former driver in the CART Championship Car series.
He is the son of BTCC racer Rob Collard and the grandson of Hot Rod racer Mick Collard.
Helmick was a radiologist by trade and has since retired from both his practice and racing and lives in Phoenix, Arizona.
Fernando Rees is a Brazilian racecar driver.
He has also won the Australian Tourist Trophy in 2009 and 2010.
He started drifting in a Volvo 340 and in 2008 began competing in the Semi Pro class of the BDC in a Nissan 200SX S13.
Francesco studied at Marymount International School, Rome and Universita' Bocconi before starting his career as a pilot.
He also competed in the season finale at Auto Club Speedway and finished eighth.
Pekka Saarinen is a Finnish racing driver and head of PS Racing.
Richard John Beattie Seaman, commonly called Dick Seaman, was one of the greatest pre-war Grand Prix drivers from Britain.
Keith Alexander is an American race car driver.
Paul Gentilozzi is a race car driver and businessman.
He currently competes in the British Touring Car Championship with Rob Austin Racing.
Castaneda is also an International model and actor.
Joseph August Nikrent was an American racecar driver.
He owns a dirt late model and dirt open wheel modified car.
Andrew Wilmot is a British racing driver currently competing in the British Touring Car Championship.
Neri has won various karting championships and has also raced in auto racing championship such as the Atlantic Championship.
Christopher Jason van der Drift is a New Zealand racing driver of Dutch descent.
Stewart was regarded by Jim Clark as a highly-strung individual who “at the wheel was as relaxed as anyone”.
Tomas Scheckter is a South African former racing driver.
Didier Andre is a race car driver born in Lyon, France.
63 Chevy Silverado for his own team in a joint effort with the MB Motorsports team in the Camping World Truck Series.
Patrick Reiterer is an Italian racing driver.
John Murray Faulkner is a retired racing driver.
Graven plans to aid other local Raceway owners in introducing the American V8 Late Model Series which is popular in the United States and Australia.
Marco Antonio Barba López is a Spanish racing driver and brother to Álvaro Barba.
Sergey Mokshantsev is a Russian racing driver from Moscow.
For 2014, Nunez was signed as a Mazda factory driver in the United SportsCar Championship
Louis Durant was an American racecar driver.
Rodrigo Sperafico is a Brazilian professional racing driver.
Chris Trickle was an American stock car racing driver.
He moved into European competition and featured in the 2007 Euroseries 3000 season and 2008 Spanish Formula Three season.
In his final season in 1993 Bartlett raced the Lola T89 Buick Indy car for the Star Union Team in the German Interserie championship.
Maslov joined Arden Motorsport in 1999, driving for the team in both Italian Formula 3000 and International Formula 3000.
In 2011, he won the Pirelli World Challenge GTS Driver's Championship.
He is a family man with 2 children.
In his rookie season, he qualified for 18 out of 19 events.
Bruce Jouanny is a French racing driver.
Claude Burton was an American racecar driver.
Matthieu Lahaye is a French racing driver, competing in the FIA World Endurance Championship for OAK Racing.
He drives a Honda Civic EP3 for China Dragon Racing.
Although he never won a major race, he competed in the 24 Hours of Daytona several times.
Phil Pardee was an American racecar driver.
He is the son of former World Rally Championship driver Jean-Pierre Richelmi.
He is the third generation of the famous Andretti racing family.
Cannon did not qualify for the 1977 Indianapolis 500, but did compete as a relief driver.
Raymond Beadle was an American drag racer and auto racing team owner.
In 1998 he became the first non French driver to win the French Formula Three Championship.
He raced in the Indianapolis 500 in 2012 and became the oldest professional driver to perform the rookie test for admission to the competition.
His riding mechanic Sam Dickson was killed in the accident, becoming the first Indianapolis 500 fatality.
Michael Devaney has been racing since 1997 when he had a successful stint in the Irish Junior Karting Championship winning the All-Ireland and National Championships.
Josep Lluis Cunill Gomez is an Anglo-Spanish racing driver, who races professionally under the name "Siso" Cunill.
After competing in karting, Thiim won the 2006 Danish Formula Ford Championship.
He currently serves as an instructor for Skip Barber Racing School and lives in Sebring, Florida.
With two fourth-place finishes at Silverstone and Shanghai, he was 16th in the drivers standings.
Omar Toft was an American racing driver.
The colour scheme of Bruno's helmet is a slightly modified version of that used by his uncle Ayrton Senna.
He is the current MSA Formula and Toyota Racing Series champion.
He raced in the 1970-1977 and 1979-1980 seasons, with 52 career starts, including the 1972-1976 Indianapolis 500 races.
Margaritis has dual nationality as a result of his place of birth and Greek parentage.
His career in Formula One spanned 15 seasons, with his final two full seasons of top-level racing being spent in the CART series.
Stefano Comini is a Swiss racing driver.
He is a part of Nissan's GT Academy program.
Alex Labbé is a Canadian professional stock car racing driver.
It was built in his two-car garage in Echo Park, California,, and was tested in the Rose Bowl parking lot, where it gained hundreds of enthusiasts.
Charles Thurston Brockman was an American broadcaster and was a president of the United States Auto Club from 1969 to 1972.
He currently races in the British Touring Car Championship.
Thomas James "Tom" Chilton is a British racing driver.
Gordon Johncock is an American former racing driver, best known as a two-time winner of the Indianapolis 500 and the 1976 USAC Marlboro Championship Trail champion.
Ken Johnson is a former driver in the CART series.
He is currently still racing in the WTCC, where he won his first WTCC race in Okayama, Japan in 2008.
Beechler raced in the 1998-2001 seasons with 36 career starts, including 4 Indianapolis 500 showings.
He is a former World Touring Car Championship driver, who made his debut in 2012.
Giorgio Mondini is an automobile racing driver from Geneva, Switzerland.
In 2004, he drove in two races in the Infiniti Pro Series for Michael Crawford Motorsports.
4 Holden VF Commodore for Dragon Motor Racing.
Bill Puterbaugh, is a former driver in the USAC Championship Car series.
Slade currently competes in the Virgin Australia Supercars Championship, driving the No.
Michael Mario Andretti is a retired American racing driver, who won the 1991 CART PPG Indy Car World Series.
After karting, Phinny made his Formula BMW USA debut in 2005 for Gelles Racing for two races and competed full-time in 2006 for Hearn Motorsports.
Jan Heylen is a Belgian racing driver.
John Heinricy is a U.S. automotive engineer and noted racecar driver.
He made a brief return to touring cars in 2008, entering two rounds of the FIA World Touring Car Championship at his home town of Pau.
Craven would go on to win Rookie of the Year in 1995.
His current contract with the team has been extended since and expires at the end of 2017.
After 3 years in Europe he returned to Australia.
Mike Newton is a British businessman and racing driver.
Alan Gurr is an Australian retired V8 Supercars driver.
Having previously competed in the Clio Cup China Series and Asian Formula Renault Series amongst others.
Adrián Vallés Escortell is a Spanish race car driver.
The same year, he competed in four rounds of the FIA World Touring Car Championship at Brands Hatch and Oschersleben with no success.
He operated a mortuary in Arizona prior to retiring.
He currently drives in the NASCAR owned Tudor United Sportscar Championship for Paul Miller Racing.
Tim O'Neil is an American rally racing driver, and the winner of five production-based North American rally championships.
The series changed names to the Firestone Indy Lights Series for 2008 and Pecorari was left without a full-time ride.
Phil Krueger, is a former driver in the CART Championship Car series.
He formerly competed in the IndyCar Series and has twice finished second in the Indianapolis 500.
He made his debut in 1998 and went on to win numerous events in the course of his career.
He is the youngest Turkish race driver who attended the FIA ETCC in 2014.
Yoshinori does all of the work on his car himself.
He contested 28 races, before he was fired midway through the 2007 season and replaced by Sebastian Vettel.
In 2012 he races for V8 Racing, driving a Chevrolet Corvette C6.R in the International GT Open.
Henri's manager is Finnish Sport Management Agency SportElite.
He graduated in 2000 and ventured into sprint car racing, competing in a number of series across the midwestern United States.
Roman Mavlanov is a Russian racing driver.
He was the second of only two funny cars to join the 300 MPH club 301.10 and the thirteenth overall.
Between 1950-58, he developed water skis and was among the pioneers of the sport.
Michael Potekhen is an American racing driver from Silverthorne, Colorado who c
Bob Mathouser, was an American racecar driver.
Hunter-Reay, who lost his mother to colon cancer in 2009, acts a spokesman on behalf of Racing for Cancer, an advocacy organization.
She is the daughter of auto racing driver Lars-Erik Nielsen, who raced in the 24 Hours of Le Mans in the 2000s.
A war hero, Major Rolt MC maintained a long connection with the sport, albeit behind the scenes.
Mike Conway is a British professional racing driver.
Elliott Fitch Shepard Jr. was an American racing driver, who competed in several early motor races.
He returned to Menard for a partial season in 2002.
In 2001 he disappeared on his boat while being sought for questioning by officials regarding the disappearance of his ex-girlfriend.
He arguably was the first member of his profession to race at Indianapolis.
He won the German Formula Three Championship in 1976 and 1978.
Mike Senica, aka Mike Flyte, is an American professional stock car racing driver and professional wrestler.
Adam Richards is a drifting driver from New Plymouth, New Zealand.
Antonio Albacete is a Spanish racing driver.
Patrick Sheltra is an American professional race car driver and owner.
Tim Wilkerson is a NHRA drag racer.
He placed second in series points in the 1996–1997 season and again in 1998 season.
Nick Leason is a British racing driver.
He was then runner up in the 2000 championship and winner of the Junior Cup.
Valoušek returned to Czech Rally Championship since 2007.
On June 25, 2009, he died of a heart attack while body surfing in Long Beach Island, New Jersey.
After competing in the Skip Barber National Championship in the first half of 2010, he made his début in the British Touring Car Championship at Croft.
Matteo Cressoni is an Italian racing driver.
He was a five-time winner of the Australian Touring Car Championship, a feat matched by only three other drivers since.
William Raymond Pixley was an American racecar driver.
Mark Miller is a professional off-road racer, competing in both cars and on motorcycles.
Henry Lee Man-Kee Junior is a Hong Kong celebrity and a racing driver.
He won numerous karting championships in Brazil from 1996 to 2000.
Räikkönen then went into WRC to drive a Citroën C4 WRC for the Citroën Junior Team in the World Rally Championship for 2010.
He made his USAC Championship Car debut in 1975 and made 6 starts with 2 11th-place finish and competitive drives in every event.
Karl Wendlinger is an Austrian professional racing and former Formula One driver.
His car failed scrutineering and was excluded from the event.
His co-driver Maurizio Perissinot survived the crash uninjured.
Ralph Edward Beardsley was an American racecar driver who participated in the 1911 Indianapolis 500.
Valdeno Brito is a Brazilian racing driver.
Weld won the 1963 Knoxville Nationals, the premiere event in sprint car racing.
He owned a team in NASCAR's Craftsman Truck Series from 1997 to 1999.
Bradley currently resides at Bangkok and raced under Singaporean racing license in Formula BMW Pacific and in the All-Japan Formula Three Championship.
He won the F1 Driver's championship with Ferrari in 2007 and till date remains the last Ferrari Champion.
Said was also a bobsled racer, competing in the Olympics twice, 1968 in Grenoble and in 1972 at Sapporo, Japan achieving a best result of tenth.
After gathering two second-place finishes in the Caribbean Karting Championship, Serrallés joined the Skip Barber National Championship and finished third.
Darren first competed in the Irish Prodrift series and the British D1 Great Britain series, winning the Prodrift title in 2006.
After NASCAR, Fillip raced several years in USAC sprint car, with 8 victories and also winning the prestigious Little 500 in 1999.
Thievin is also the founder and owner of Exotics Racing since 2009.
Mark Noske is a former Australian racing car driver.
In 2006 Iorio was among the 12 drivers selected for the inaugural X Games XII Rally where he finished 8th.
Graf won the 2012 and 2013 ALMS LMP1 driver's championships with codriver Lucas Luhr.
He competed in such series as Italian Formula Three and GP3 Series.
Cory Witherill is a Native American Navajo race car driver from Los Angeles in the Indy Racing League, Infiniti Pro Series, Indy Lights, and ARCA series.
He raced in the 2005 and 2006 GP2 Series seasons, having previously raced in the Formula 3000 series which it replaced.
He also, raced in the IMCA circuit the '50's, and CRA California.
In the 1985 Super Vee season, Giupponi finished 31st in points.
He had previously tested in the fall of 2011 at the Indianapolis Motor Speedway with the team.
Gerardo Bonilla is a San Juan, Puerto Rico-born professional race car driver.
He returned to Indy in 1915 but failed to qualify.
Dean Justin Canto is a multiple-championship winning Australian motor racing driver.
His most competitive years in the BTCC came in the 1980s, where he was often a front runner in his Class A 3.5 litre Rover Vitesse.
Jonathon Webb is an Australian professional racing driver and team owner of Tekno Autosports.
Melville McKee is a British racing driver.
Zahir Ali is an Indonesian racing driver.
Argetsinger participated in numerous junior open wheel racing formulae in the late 1970s and early 1980s, finishing 14th in the 1980 Formula Ford Festival.
In 1927 he attempted two other Championship Car races but failed to qualify for both of them.
His career highlights include winning the 2013 Supercheap Auto Bathurst 1000 and twice winning the Sandown 500, in 2006 and 2015.
In 1992, Halsmer raced in the IROC series, representing IMSA.
In the Car and Driver SS/Sedan Challenge III in 1974, Bedard drove a 1973 Chevy Vega GT No.
Stefano Proetto is an Italian racing driver.
Mostert was the winner of the 2014 Bathurst 1000 and has also previously won the 2010 Australian Formula Ford Championship.
The film's screenplay was written by Albert Hackett and Frances Goodrich, a married couple.
Lee Keshav is an Indian racing driver, entrepreneur and UX Designer from New Delhi.
He finished in the top ten 8 times, with his best finishes in 4th position in 1966 at Langhorne and at Fuji.
Feldmann has 13 seasons in Stock Car Brasil.
Besides achieving victories in those categories, also won several races in the Superleague Formula, and was second in the 2013 24 Hours of Nürburgring.
His wife Josephine Della J Leer Lytle died on 5 March 1932.
César Tiberio Jiménez is a Mexican racing driver.
He was replaced by former Epsilon driver Filipe Albuquerque.
Cody Lane is an American professional stock car racing driver.
Christiano "Tuka" Rocha is a Brazilian race car driver.
He ran the Verizon IndyCar Series and
Samuel Brabham is a British/Australian racing driver.
W. H. "Wild Bill" Turner was a Canadian-born American racecar driver.
In 2013, McKenzie switched to competing in the Stars at Whilton Mill Championship in the Junior Rotax 125cc class and came 5th in his debut season.
Douglas would return to the Dunlop Series where he had spent his time driving his own team prior to getting his main game call-up.
After a short ceremony at the circuit Hartmann's body was flown back to Hungary, and he was buried in Budapest's Rákoskeresztúr Cemetery.
Stefano Coletti is a Monegasque professional racing driver who races for SMP Racing in the European Le Mans Series.
Stewart Lines is a British racing driver currently competing in the British Touring Car Championship.
Nicholas Stanley Firestone is an American former race car driver.
Peter Millar was an American illustrator, cartoonist, and drag racer best known for his work with CARtoons and DRAG Cartoons magazines.
Paulo Eduardo Ferro Costa Galvão Bueno, better known as Popó Bueno is a Brazilian racing driver, currently racing in the Stock Car Brasil series.
Christoffer Nygaard is a Danish auto racing driver who currently competes in the FIA World Endurance Championship.
He moved to sports cars in 1985 and drove a Pontiac Fiero for Huffaker Racing in the IMSA GTU series for two years.
His son Austin has raced in the Continental Tire Sports Car Challenge and Pirelli World Challenge, ARCA, and several NASCAR racing series.
Lea Wood is a British auto racing driver and mechanic, employed at his father's garage based in Hereford.
Having previously competed in the Audi R8 LMS Cup and Porsche Carrera Cup Asia amongst others.
He attended West Chester University to earn a Bachelor of Arts degree in Business Administration.
He made 14 Champ Car starts from 1966 to 1969.
He won the European KF1 Championship karting series in 2004.
He managed to get on JWRC podium this year with 3rd place at Rallye Deutschland.
Wim Eyckmans is a Belgian racecar driver who starting in karting in 1986 has been in prototype racing since 2003.
In 2009 he also won the Drivers Masters karting all-star race in downtown Buenos Aires.
AmD have run a Ford Focus in the BTCC in 2014-2015, Dave Newsham and Mike Bushell and also an Audi S3 for Nicolas Hamilton.
"Kenneth" Lau Chi Yung is a Hong Kong racing driver and businessman currently competing in the TCR Asia Series and Porsche Carrera Cup Asia.
In December 2016, Mike Massaro announced on his Facebook page that he will not be returning to NASCAR on NBC in 2017.
He also goes by his nickname "BL".
Sometimes referred to as "Pete" Geoghegan, he was one of the iconic characters of the 1960s and 1970s Australian motor racing scene.
Marco Zipoli is an Italian racing driver.
He runs racing schools at the Brainerd International Raceway.
His oldest daughter Adria Hight is the CFO of John Force Racing [JFR].
James Nash is a British auto racing driver.
Shelton still holds the record for most pole positions in Formula Atlantic history with 14.
His career ended in 1977 following the death of his father, Larry McCoy, Sr., who was the manager of the racing team.
17 Ford FG X Falcon for DJR Team Penske.
Pepe Massot is a Spanish racing driver from Barcelona, Spain currently competing in the 2016 Porsche Supercup driving for Momo Megatron Team.
During his time in Australian F3 he has driven for his own Anderson team.
He started out with a love for the Toyota Soarer JZZ30 and driving, and has turned it into a huge success.
Brian Muir and 1964 winner George Reynolds finished 5th while the Paul Hawkins / Bill Brown car was disqualified.
He enjoyed dirt driving but ran out of money for repairs to his car so he bought a Nissan Silvia and turned to drifting.
Her best career finish came in 2014 at Iowa Speedway, where she finished second.
After the last race Emil decided to retire from competitive racing.
He lives both in Arizona and Colorado, and has two sons, Nick and Sam.
Martin Plowman is a British professional racing driver from Tamworth currently competing in the FIA World Endurance Championship for OAK Racing.
In 1979, Gloy won the Formula Atlantic Series Championship.
However, Guthrie Meyer Racing shut down after the Freedom 100, leaving Mason without a ride.
Matsuda has also become a regular participant in the Super GT series which he won in 2014 jointly with Ronnie Quintarelli.
He graduated to the IndyCar Series driving the #2 for Team Menard in 2004.
Chris Pither is a New Zealand racing driver.
His only American Championship car racing start was the 1926 Indianapolis 500 where he drove an Argyle powered Schmidt chassis.
While in Britain he served as a racing instructor at Brands Hatch racing school.
Hamilton had been proficient in supermodified racing, as a frequent winner in various supermodified races, usually held in the northern areas of the United States.
The rail was lifted by the force of the crash, the Chevron passed beneath it, and Birrell died from internal injuries.
Gabriele Lancieri is an Italian racing driver.
He raced in the first three seasons of the GP2 Series, all with the Piquet Sports team, having won the Formula Three Sudamericana championship in 2004.
He is sometimes known in the motorsport scene as John Paul Sr. or John Paul.
He died at 7:30 pm the same evening.
He is credited with saving the lives of his wife, and Batten's wife.
He currently drives in the Formula Nippon, and the Super GT series in the GT500 category.
Thiemo Storz is a racing driver from Germany.
Danny has won more races than any other driver with 112 career wins as of June 24, 2017, in the 410 division at Knoxville Raceway.
Duarte Ferreira is a Portuguese-born Angolan racing driver, residing in Luanda.
Alexandros Margaritis Greek: Αλέξανδρος Μαργαρίτης; is a racing driver who is best known for competing in the German-based Deutsche Tourenwagen Masters touring car championship.
Miki was the 2004 D1 Grand Prix champion driving the Top Secret Silvia S15.
At his death, he was the longest surviving participant of the first ever World Championship Grand Prix at Silverstone in 1950.
He was close friends with multiple Formula One World Champion Lewis Hamilton through his karting and early racing days.
He now competes in FIA GT and the FIA GT3 championship, driving for the Matech Ford Team in a Ford GT in both series.
He achieved this string of victories driving against competitors of the highest calibre, such as Bob Jane, Norm Beechey and Allan Moffat.
Later that month, the 1999 Indianapolis 500 would be his first official start in the IRL.
He later won five national and world championships in offshore powerboat racing from 1997 to 1999.
This record is a World Closed Course Speed Record for non turbo 4-cylinder powered race cars.
Millar often used the pen name "Millarkey".
He currently races in the World Touring Car Championship with Lada Sport Lukoil.
Tony Pedregon is a 2-time NHRA Mello Yello Drag Racing Series Funny Car Champion from Torrance, California.
He began racing in an Opel Kadett with Gerbino.
Federico Leo is an Italian racing driver.
He was credited with 3rd place in the 1923 and 1924 national championships and 4th place in 1926.
Amongst the injuries he suffered, the most severe was a broken neck.
He is also the champion of the 2010 Grand-Am Continental Tire Sports Car Challenge ST Championship and 2014 Lamborghini Super Trofeo ProAM World Champion.
He also was a noted engine designer.
He won the BARC Formula Renault championship in 2006 and the winter series of the main Formula Renault UK series in 2007.
In 1997 he raced in Indy Lights but only managed an 11th place championship finish, ending up on the podium once at Circuit Trois-Rivières.
He finished in the top ten 21 times, with his best finish in 2nd position in 1979 at Atlanta.
The project is described in the 2008 book Aregolavanti.
He was born in Huby, Yorkshire and died in Newtown, Worcestershire.
He stayed there for the next four seasons but, following poor results he was replaced by former British Formula Three Champion Takuma Sato.
Hemric is married to current NASCAR Camping World Truck Series driver Daniel Hemric.
In his own race, he got 6th place driving an Isotta Fraschini 8A SS in 1927 with Bindo Maserati.
At the Laguna Seca Raceway during the qualification session for his second CART race, he was fatally injured in a crash.
In 2003, The Racer's Group Porsche driven by Schrom, team owner Kevin Buckler, Timo Bernhard, and Jörg Bergmeister was the surprise overall winner of the race.
On the National Hot Rod Association Top 50 Drivers, 1951–2000, Joe Amato was ranked No.
He instantly made an impression showing great skill in the control of such a heavy car as the Soarer.
His best IRL finish was a 12th place at Nashville Speedway in 2001.
Reinis Nitišs is a rallycross driver from Jēkabpils, Latvia.
She came in third place for that race, but won gold as a rider at the Speed Run.
He was McLaren Autosport BRDC Young Driver of the Year in 1996.
Michael "Mike" Massaro is a racing analyst at ESPN for the NASCAR Sprint Cup Series.
Michael Schrom is an American racing driver from Ghent, New York.
He raced 12 seasons in V8 Supercars with a best finish of 3rd in Adelaide 2003.
Rutledge Wood is an auto racing analyst employed by NBC.
He made his debut in 2014, also winning the championship that year.
Mike Salay was an American racecar driver from South Bend, Indiana.
He drove for Panoz in 2006 and 2008 and for Rahal Letterman Racing in 2007, 2009 and 2010 in the American Le Mans Series.
Chris won the 2007 24 Hours of Le Mans in the LMP2 class driving for Binnie Motorsports in their Lola B05/40-Zytek.
Antoine Rizkallah Kanaan Filho, more commonly known as Tony Kanaan, is a Brazilian racing driver.
In the Car and Driver SS/Sedan Challenge II, Bedard finished first, driving Car & Driver's own Opel 1900 sedan.
Oliver Jonathan Turvey is a British professional racing driver.
Michael's season was constantly hampered with gearbox problems causing various race retirements when top 10 results were looking certain.
Wenham started her career in karting, competing in various championships between 2004 and 2008, before she switched to car racing in 2008, entering the SAXMAX series.
In 2003, he drove a BMW 320i in the STCC for WestCoast Racing, before moving to Team Italienska Bil in an Alfa Romeo 156 in 2004.
"Captain" Peter Janson is an Australian socialite and former motor racing driver.
He has also raced for the CytoSport in the 2010 American Le Mans Series season and is a winner of the Triple Crown in endurance racing.
He has competed in such series as Formula Renault and the French Formula Three Championship.
After Peter H. Gregg's death, Haywood has been the main leader behind Brumos Automotive dealerships.
Mike Parisy is a French racing driver, who formerly competed in the FIA GT1 World Championship.
Patrice Goueslard is a French racing driver.
He drove for the Wiechers-Sport Team finishing sixteenth in race one, and retiring in race two.
He is married to Diane Abrahams and together they have two daughters, Kylie and Py.
He currently competes in the Dunlop Series, driving the No.
It is well known largely for the Nissan approved conversion of the Sileighty and many of the cars it sells are sought after by racers.
He raced in US Barber Formula Dodge in 2001, and in the Barber Dodge Pro Series from 2002 until 2003.
Daniel Welch is a British auto racing driver.
The driver won the 2008 Seat León Supercopa Germany with 8 wins in 16 races.
He currently appears on NASCAR Race Hub and NASCAR Live!
After racing Formula Atlantic cars in the SCCA he moved up to professional racing in 2005 in Star Mazda, finishing 13th for Andersen Walko Racing.
He died from lung cancer, with his wife at his side.
His car participated in the 1906 Vanderbilt Cup with Frank Lawell driving.
Martin Byford is a British racing driver from Colchester.
Justin Sofio won two races with Binder Racing in his first two professional starts as a rookie.
In 1988 Thompson and his wife Trudy were mysteriously gunned down at their home in Bradbury, California.
He finished in the top ten 11 times, with his best finish in 5th position in 1977 at Ontario.
José Guillermo "Memo" Gidley is a Mexican-American racing driver, of German and Canadian ancestry, born in La Paz, Baja California Sur, Mexico in September 29, 1970.
He tried the Long Beach race and the Indy 500 again in 1984 but again missed both races.
He was educated at Loretto School in Edinburgh.
Johnston was active in sports car racing during the 1950s.
He competed in the Formula Drift season and managed to complete five out of the seven events as a rookie driver.
Stefan Hodgetts is a British auto racing driver, best known for driving a part season in the British Touring Car Championship.
He competed in the TC2000 series between 2001 and 2003; he also finished eleventh in both the 2005 and the 2006 Top Race V6 championships.
His 2003 debut was in Formula Renault 2000 Eurocup, where he drove two races.
Adriano Buzaid is a Brazilian racing driver.
He is the only person to have both a sibling and child as fellow Indy 500 winners.
He previously competed in the SEAT León Eurocup and European Touring Car Cup.
Steve Owen is an Australian racing driver.
Jordan Cane is a British racing driver from West Sussex, England.
In 2014 Coronel stays with ROAL Motorsport, but the team switched to Chevrolet Cruzes to be built by RML specially for the new TC1 technical regulations.
He was the winner of the 1999 Australian Formula Ford Championship.
He suffered serious burns in a 1939 crash in Indianapolis.
Foyt Enterprises in 1992 and drove for Dome in Formula 3000 and Japanese Formula Three in the early 1990s.
He is a director of TAG Finance S.A..
In 1931, Houser had the honor of being the Riding Mechanic for Dave Evans in the Clessie Cummins Diesel #8 at the Indianapolis Motor Speedway.
In 2006, Pernía retired from football and returned to Argentina to race professionally.
Rick Kelly is an Australian professional racing driver currently competing in the Virgin Australia Supercars Championship, driving the No.
Roberts was the first former winner and defending champion of the race to have been killed while competing.
Carlo van Dam is a Dutch racing driver.
Kazimieras "Kazim" Vasiliauskas is a Lithuanian racing driver.
Dean Fiore is an Australian professional racing driver.
Sam Hancock is a British classic and historic car consultant, writer, presenter and racing driver.
Reid presents himself as a "fine kiwi gentleman" and says that "racing is the sole love of his life".
He is also a six-time winner of the Bathurst 1000.
Frank Elliott was an American racecar driver active in the 1920s.
Mezera retired from racing in 2004 but continues to hold roles in motorsport, most recently as a driving standards advisor to several domestic motor racing championships.
He has competed in such series as International Formula 3000, Euroseries 3000 and the EFDA Nations Cup.
Zubair Hoque is an English racing driver.
Richard Craig Hill, was a professional automobile racer.
Effective July 2013 Jimmy Prock replaced Mike Neff as crew chief, with Mike Neff becoming crew chief for Robert Hight.
Currently Bob is still doing freelance driver coaching, selling the Virtual Racing Chassis, spreading the word about Alkaline Water Ionizers for improving your health.
He is also the cousin of Matthew Brabham.
Alberto Cerqui is an Italian racing driver.
Shaun joined Tarmac Management in 2015 to manage his motorsports career.
Morris currently competes in Queensland sprint car racing and Stadium Super Trucks.
Sung-Hak "Tom" Mun is a South Korean racing driver currently driving in the FIA Formula Two Championship.
He later missed the rest of the season.
Hywel Lloyd is a racing driver, currently driving in the British Formula 3 Championship for his family-run CF Racing team.
Fabrizio Crestani is an Italian racing driver.
Michael John Borkowski in the Bronx, New York is an American race car driver.
Alan van der Merwe is a South African race car driver.
He trialled for the Ferrari Formula One team in 2009.
Lyn St. James is an American former racecar driver.
Cars were rented on a race-by-race or season long basis.
Born in Summit, New Jersey, he had been a resident of Chatham Township and the Basking Ridge section of Bernards Township.
Paul is the Race Car Register secretary for the Porsche Club of Great Britain.
In 2001 he drove in six rounds of the FIA GT Championship in a Porsche 911 for Haberthur Racing.
Ferdinando Monfardini is an Italian race car driver.
He drove for Team Art Taste, a new Japanese Super GT team using Porsche 911 GT3R, in 2011 Super GT season.
Arthur Thurman was an American racecar driver.
Initially he competing in small touring cars including Ford Escorts and Capris before joining Toyota Team Australia and driving their factory supported Toyota Corolla touring cars.
He has competed in such series as International Formula 3000 and the French Formula Three Championship.
Darryl Wills is an American racing driver from Alvin, Texas.
He reached his goal of top-level open-wheel racing when he competed in the 2002 IRL season with 3 starts for Treadway Racing.
Howard Samuel Wilcox was an American racecar driver active in formative years of auto racing.
After 3 seasons away Matt showed no signs of slowing down finishing 4th on his debut and went on to score two popular wins at Croft.
Tom Leonard Blomqvist is a British racing driver who lives near Saffron Walden, Essex.
In 1990 and 1991 Bonner drove full-time in the IMSA GT Championship for Essex Racing in 1990 and Tom Milner Racing in 1991.
His racing driver career started with karting at the age of 15.
Kenneth "Ken" Schrader is an American racing driver.
Jonathan Kennard is a British racing driver.
He was the 1999 Rookie of the Year in that series, and has 31 top-ten finishes so far.
He also raced in the 1996 Indianapolis 500, finishing 22nd.
At the time one of Andretti Green's IndyCar entries was sponsored by Klein Tools which at the time was headed by Jonathan Klein's father, Rick Klein.
He is also a teacher at University of Northwestern Ohio in their High Performance program.
In 2013, he competed in the VW Cup, racing for KPM.
Bill Denver was an American racecar driver.
He attended a racing school at Lime Rock Park in 1986 and quickly saw success in Formula Ford competition.
5 Ford FG X Falcon for Prodrive Racing Australia.
During his run in ASA Eddy drove the number 88 car.
She was awarded the Rising Star status by the British Racing Drivers' Club in 2009.
Two race wins towards the end of the season secured him joint second place overall.
He still earned $10,000 for his entry.
Scott Maxwell, is a Canadian auto racing driver.
He drove a Toyota AE86 with a Nissan SR20 engine.
Allen May is an American racecar driver.
He has been a front runner in several different motor racing series and is a former New Zealand Superkart champion.
He is the son of well-known Sydney race specialist Brian Walden.
Gifford is the first African-American driver to win a pole in the K&N East series, and works in the shop of Team Dillon Racing .
He confirmed his immediate retirement from racing upon medical advice in an interview with Louise Goodman on ITV4's coverage of the BTCC from Croft.
His 2 career IndyCar top ten finishes both came at the Las Vegas Motor Speedway in the 1999 and 2000 races.
He is the 2004 and 2005 Stock Car Brasil champion.
He won the Dutch Winter Endurance championship in 2003-04 and in 2009-10.
Rolland H. "Rollie" Beale was an American racecar driver.
He also raced in the USAC Championship Car series, in the 1977-1978 seasons, with 2 career starts, including the 1977 Indianapolis 500.
Henry 'Cap' Kohlert was an American racecar driver and Aviation pioneer.
In 2006, Kelly extended his success by winning the V8 Supercar Championship for the HSV Dealer Team.
He is currently a Mazda, Volvo, Audi and Porsche factory supported driver.
R. Chithra Priya is a female biker from Chennai, Tamil Nadu.
Giuseppe Cirò is an Italian auto racing driver.
He is currently a consultant for the school.
He currently runs in the FIA World Endurance Championship with Porsche AG as a factory driver.
Yukinori Taniguchi is a Japanese businessperson and auto racing driver.
She has competed in The ARCA Menards Series driving the #10 car for Fast Track Racing.
All the rounds are shared with V8 Supercars, Australia's top motorsport championship.
John retired from GM in October 2008.
He won the U.S. F2000 National Championship in the National Class in 2012.
He began his Pro Stock career in 1998.
He currently drives in the Super Formula series for P.MU/CERUMO·INGING, and the Super GT GT500 series for Lexus Team Zent Cerumo.
Jonathan Summerton is an American race car driver.
During the 2010-11 season, Gerould completed his 2,000 Kings broadcast, ranking fifth among active NBA announcers.
He has always enjoyed driving, so drifting was a natural thing for him.
He switched to Sam Schmidt Motorsports in 2004 and had a dream season, albeit in a season where the field of most races was very small.
He was killed in the 1935 Indy 500.
He is currently 5th in the Rally America Championship.
Brittany Force is a drag racer currently competing in the NHRA.
Greaves is the son and teammate of Johnny Greaves.
Alexander Müller is a German racing driver.
William "Butch" Brickell was an American racing driver and stuntman from Miami, Florida.
He returned to the series in 2006 to race for Cheever Racing.
Tony Schmidt is a German racing driver.
Lofamia made his racing debut at the 2013 Circuit showdown race series.
He began his career in feeder formula series such as the Formula Renault 2.0 Italia, Eurocup Formula Renault 2.0, Italian Formula Three and International Formula Master.
In September 2014, it was announced that Mansell would be opening a Mitsubishi franchise on Jersey later in the month.
Romeo Kapudija is an American-Croatian professional race car driver from Chicago, Illinois.
Keyvan Andres Soori is a German racecar driver.
Currently, he races in the Portuguese Championship of Sport Prototypes, teaming with Francisco Abreu, driving a Tattus PY 012 of Team Nova Driver.
He began his racing career by working with Kenny Bernstein at King Racing.
She was born in London, United Kingdom.
Racing across Europe, Matt won the highly prestigious Pau Grand Prix Street Race in France in July 2006 beating over 60 entries from across Europe.
Bryan Sellers is an American racing driver.
He currently participates in the North American karting as well as the Red Bull Global Rallycross Championship in the class GRC Lites.
He also won the Macau Cup race five times from 2001–2004 and will race in the World Touring Car Championship at Macau in 2011.
He previously competed in the TCR International Series and SEAT León Eurocup.
He quit water drag racing after he suffered broken bones at a crash in Arizona and returned to land drag racing in 1985.
After the 2008 season, Scelzi retired from driving his Fuel Funny Car to focus on Scelzi Enterprises.
He was the 1970 NASCAR National Modified Champion.
He began racing in Formula Ford in 1972 and was the 1973 national champion.
He survived his first heart attack in 1959, but died from his second in 1961.
His colourful and extrovert personality often overshadowed his genuine talent.
In 2008 he won the GT300 class in the Super GT championship, co-driving with Kazuki Hoshino.
The driver continued in both the Porsche Supercup and Porsche Carrera Cup Germany in 2013.
He finished second in the first two races at Knockhill, but lost both results for technical infringements.
In 1959 the Lawrie Glacier  on the west coast of Graham Land in Antarctica was officially named.
David finished the 2013 season in the Ultra 94 IMSA GT3 Cup Challenge Canada with SpeedMerchants Motorsports.
Primarily a sprint car driver, Winn competed in four Indianapolis 500 races and drove as a relief driver in 1933, 1934, 1935, and 1938.
Adam Andretti is an American race car driver.
After a three-year internship, the first professional team in Poland, offered him starting positions.
Tamás Pál Kiss is a Hungarian auto racing driver.
Marchese was later an Indy 500 car entrant and entered his own Marchese chassis in the 1950 and 1951 races.
He finished 8th in series points in 1994 and 4th in 1995.
In the final race of the 2011 season he earned the GT4 European Cup as well, edging out Stefano D'Aste, who finished 2nd.
Together with Randy Lanier they owned the Blue Thunder Racing Team in 1984, with Marty Hinze.
Felipe "Lopes" Guimarães is a Brazilian racing driver.
Jack Chrisman was an American drag racer.
In addition, he was founder of Patrick Petroleum in 1962.
In 2006 he and Steel moved into the British Touring Car Championship in a 320i.
He is the son of Örnulf Wirdheim, also a racing driver.
On July 5, 2009 he won the fifth round of the season at Interlagos by Action Power, winning their fourth win in the category.
He raced in the FIA GT Championship in 2007 with JetAlliance Racing in their lead No.
Fred Comer was an American racecar driver.
Son of mechanic and crew chief John Eversley, Ryan grew up around racing and wanted to be involved from an early age.
Niko Kari is a Finnish racing driver.
He is also the first Asian driver to win the Indianapolis 500, having won the 2017 edition.
He took most of 2004 off of racing while he worked in race car fabrication in Indianapolis.
That was his only Champ Car start.
His family had emigrated to the United States when he was a boy.
In 2013 he finished 10th in the Formula Renault 2.0 Eurocup and 18th in the Formula Renault 2.0 Alps.
He is a member of the Ferrari Driver Academy.
Richard Boswell is a stock car driver.
Rose raced in the USAC Championship Car series in the 1961–1963 seasons, with 4 career starts, including the 1961–1963 Indianapolis 500 races.
He served as a relief driver for Shorty Cantlon in the 1930 race.
Robbie Groff, is a former driver in the Indy Racing League and CART Championship Car series and is brother of Mike Groff.
Kristján started kart racing at 14, the age when Icelandic law allows young drivers to start racing and training in karts.
He raced in the 1999-2000 seasons with 2 career starts.
William Bryan Saulpaugh was an American racecar driver.
He is also President of the IAM.
Having switched to sports and touring car racing, he has also won the FIA GT1 World Championship in 2012 with team-mate Marc Basseng.
In 2008 he returned for another season in the BTCC.
Maryeve Dufault is a Canadian racing driver, model and advertising spokeswoman.
Curtis also competed in 2012 for Black Falcon Racing in the 2012 Blancpain Endurance Championship driving a Mercedes SLS GT3.
He raced in the 1996–2002 seasons with 30 career starts, including 2 at the Indianapolis 500.
In 2014 she finished second in the western portion of Davey Hamilton's King of the Wing Series.
He started racing in the 750MC Stock Hatch Series in 1999, winning one race and finishing 4th in the championship driving a Peugeot 205 GTI.
His Team Orange teammate Kazuhiro Tanaka is also competing.
In 1985 he won three races with Dyson Racing in IMSA Camel GTP, the team's first, in a Porsche 962.
Carl Skerlong is an American racing driver from Seattle, Washington.
She also competed in the 2013 FIA European Rally Championship.
That soon changed as he found out how much it cost to make a fast drag car.
As of 2013, Hughes competes in the British GT Championship, driving for Team WRT alongside Rembert Berg in a Audi R8 LMS ultra GT3.
Schurch excelled in Big Car racing, where he won many races on the Eastern circuit.
Sal Fish is a retired CEO/President of SCORE International, the leading sanctioning body in the sport of desert racing.
Harold Homer "Jack" Petticord was an American racecar driver, born in Wichita, Kansas.
His record of six German Grand Prix wins remains unbeaten.
He is the younger half-brother of Duarte Félix da Costa, also a racing driver, who primarily competes in sportscar racing.
He died in the German city of Kassel, after suffering liver failure.
Giuliano Losacco is a Brazilian racing driver.
The ARCA RE/MAX Series 100-mile race at the Illinois State Fairgrounds Racetrack, is named in his memory.
He has competed at the 24 Hours of Le Mans for teams including Aston Martin Racing.
After the war he became an Automotive Mechanic, Automotive Dealer and Race car Driver.
Coincidentally, his best IRL finish was in 10th position in the 1996 Dura Lube 200, also at PIR.
Patrick started his Indy Car racing career as a sponsor of the team fielded by fellow Jackson oilman Walt Michner in 1967.
He managed to get on podium in IRC event.
Juichi Wakisaka is a former Japanese racing driver who was a 2002, 2006 and 2009 champion in Japan's Super GT series in the GT500 category.
Hunt started racing at 15 and moved up to Formula Ford in 1981.
He finished second in the championship in 1988 and won the championship in 1989.
He later became the executive vice president and general manager for ROBCO Racing Team and an American Le Mans Series team owner.
He is a cousin of V8 Supercar drivers Alex and Will Davison.
He is the son of British rallycross driver and Lydden Hill Race Circuit owner Pat Doran.
On Bump Day, he made the grid taking the 33rd and final spot on the grid and finished 31st in the race after an electrical problem.
Art Ingels is known as 'the father of karting'.
Joe Saward of Autosport magazine once described him as being "often regarded as the World's Number One Touring Car Driver".
Jochen Hahn is a German truck race driver.
He competed at the 1961 24 Hours of Le Mans with Bib Stillwell in an Aston Martin DB4GT Zagato.
In addition to the Australian Touring Car Championship, McKeown also competed in the Bathurst 500 and its forerunner at Phillip Island on four occasions.
She currently competes in the FIA World Rallycross Championship.
Mike Neff was crew chief for John two separate times.
Yuji Kunimoto is a Japanese auto racing driver.
As an Italian American, Cresto lived in Ospedaletti, near Sanremo.
For the 2009 season he switched to a Nissan Skyline R32 with a 1JZ engine and narrowly missed out on the Prodrift Super Series title.
Luck was again against him at Rockingham – after qualifying on pole the car had an electrical failure before race one.
In October 2014, Fittipaldi was one of four drivers to be invited to join the Ferrari Driver Academy.
Russell has competed in V8 Supercar series intermittently since 2003 and is now an endurance co-driver in the Pirtek Enduro Cup series.
Alfred Harris Insinger, Jr. was an American racecar driver.
His best Championship race finish was second place on the board oval at Sheepshead Bay Race Track.
Born in Ridgeland, South Carolina, Into has lived most of his life in Hardeeville, with the exception of a few years in Savannah, GA.
His racing team, Krohn Racing currently competes in the European Le Mans Series.
He has raced in NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series and Pickup Truck Racing with TorqueSpeed.
Spencer Martin is an Australian championship winning racing driver.
Robin John "Bob" Holden is an Australian racing driver.
Hugh Peter Martin Donnelly is a motor racing driver from Belfast, Northern Ireland.
Matthew Hamilton is a British auto racing driver.
She is a 7-time motorcycle land-speed record holder and charter member of the Mojave Magnum "200 MPH Club."
He has also competed in the European Touring Car Cup's Super Production Cup, where he finished as runner-up in 2005 at Vallelunga.
He bettered his performance in 2001 with second place.
Erkut also won the first two races of the 2007 Turkish Touring Car Championship.
In 2004 and 2005 he raced in the ARCA ReMax Series.
Edoardo Piscopo is an Italian racing driver.
Hughes continued to drive his bio-ethanol powered MG in 2007, with Leggate in a second car.
Michael "Mike" Jordan is a British racing driver who competed in various classes of saloon and sportscar racing.
He has competed in such series as the German Formula Three Championship and the Italian Formula Three Championship.
Birrell was also successful in touring cars, mainly in a Ford Capri - taking a Class win in the 1972 24 Hours of Le Mans.
Mild to moderate success followed the next few seasons and he retired as a driver prior to the 2004 Indianapolis 500.
Peter Boss is a former racing driver.
Michael Schrom has a Bachelor of Fine Arts Degree in Film from The Tisch School of the Arts at New York University.
He currently drives for Pescarolo Sport in the Le Mans Series.
Ingall became the V8 Supercar Champion in 2005, he was also the Championship runner up in 1998, 1999, 2001 and 2004.
Merle Bettenhausen is a former American race car driver.
He raced in the NASCAR AutoZone Elite Division, Southeast Series.
Currently he also writes commentaries on Formula 1 for popular Polish websites.
Pecorari won races in the USF2000 and later competed in the Atlantic Championship, IMSA Lites and other series.
Snider made many starts driving for his good friend A.J.
In 1996 & 1997, Michner ran a partial season in the NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series as Chevrolet's Development Driver.
Dennis Leech is a British retired auto racing driver.
In the 1988 International Formula 3000 season he placed third despite only competing in the final five rounds of the championship.
In 1998 he drove for the first time in the European Truck Championship.
Oxton spent the majority of his career racing open wheel cars in New Zealand and Australia but did drive touring cars late in his career.
She is the youngest daughter of 16-time NHRA World Funny Car Champion John Force and his wife Laurie.
In 2009 he finished in second place in the FIA Formula Two Championship, and in 2010 he was runner-up in the GP3 Series.
William Chandler was an American racecar driver.
He has won 20 championships during his racing career, including three BorgWarner World Championships and the 2008 CORR Pro-2 championship.
In 2011 Westbrook signed with Corvette as a factory driver, competing in both the Rolex Sports Car Series and American Le Mans Series.
He currently competes in the British Touring Car Championship with Motorbase Performance.
He is the son of former racer and now team-owner Dick Johnson.
At age 49, he was the oldest pole winner ever.
Davide di Benedetto is an Italian racing driver.
Kanaan was originally contracted to drive the No.
Born in Springfield, Illinois, Crowe died in New Bremen, Ohio from injuries sustained in a sprint car race at New Bremen Speedway.
Paffett progressed through the ranks of karting and junior formulae in the United Kingdom, winning the McLaren Autosport BRDC Award in 1999.
Other drivers include nine drivers in 1951, Bob Duell between 1956 and 1960, and he ended with Cale Yarborough driving for him between 1961 and 1963.
Hedrick also owned and operated Larry Hedrick Motorsports, a NASCAR team that debuted in 1990 with driver Larry Pearson.
He was the winner of the 2008 McLaren Autosport BRDC Award for promising young British drivers.
He is currently competing in GP3 Series.
He is the son of Manfred Winkelhock and nephew of Joachim Winkelhock, both of whom were Formula One drivers in the 1980s.
His last IRL start came in 2000, his 21st IRL race.
In 1932 Arnold led 57 laps before crashing on lap 59.
After his impressive debut season, Romancini moved up to the South American Formula Three championship in 2007 with leading team Cesário F3.
David "Davey" Jay Hamilton is a race car driver in the Indy Racing League IndyCar Series and Stadium Super Trucks.
Alain Menu is a Swiss racing driver who is currently working for Team BMR as a driving coach.
"Michael" Choi Koon Ming is a Hong Kong racing driver and businessman currently competing in the TCR Asia Series.
Matthew Elwin Bell is a professional race car driver.
She is a thirteen-time Women's Trial World Champion and ten-time Women's Trial European Champion in outdoor motorcycle trials.
Duman was fatally injured in a crash at the 1968 Rex Mays Classic at the Milwaukee Mile.
Before this, he drove in the GP2 Series for three years, winning two races.
Boyd won the British Formula Ford Championship in 2008 with Jamun Racing.
Kevin works at their family owned business, Bolland Machine located in Chippewa Township, PA.
Hugo Valente is a French former auto racing driver.
Ray Harroun was an American racecar driver and pioneering constructor most famous for winning the inaugural Indianapolis 500 in 1911.
Paul-Loup Chatin is a professional racing driver from France.
During his career he has won ten touring car titles, including European and British crowns making him the most successful touring car driver worldwide.
Jordan Tresson is a French racing driver, who previously raced in the FIA World Endurance Championship.
Nikolaus "Niki" Mayr-Melnhof is an Austrian racing driver currently competing in the Blancpain Sprint Series for Phoenix Racing.
He then drove in the 1913 Indianapolis 500 which would be his final Champ Car race.
The following year he qualified for the CART race at Laguna Seca Raceway but crashed out 48 laps into the 84 lap event.
Toshiki Yoshioka is a Japanese professional drifting driver, currently competing in the D1 Grand Prix series for Team DRoo-P and Yamasa
He was the 2013 British Touring Car Champion.
Paul Weel born 27 July 1979 in Geelong, Victoria, was an Australian V8 Supercar racing driver.
He won the CART championship in 1997 and 1998 in North America.
He is the son of former Grand Prix motorcycle racer and Formula One driver Jean-Pierre Beltoise.
Herr won the 1911 Illinois Trophy Race held on the roads of Elgin, Illinois driving a National.
J. J. McCoy was an American racecar driver who participated in 1919 Indianapolis 500.
Carl Williams, was an American racecar driver.
When Hunter-Reay initially joined Andretti for the 2010 he was only signed on to drive for a partial season.
He was a two-time AAA champion and won 8 points-scoring races.
Greg Murphy is a New Zealand professional racing driver, best known as a four-time winner of the Bathurst 1000.
He competed in Formula One for Scuderia Toro Rosso from 2012 to 2014, and was a Ferrari test and development driver from 2015 to 2016.
In March 1985, on his way to a fifth straight Pro Stock championship, Shepherd was killed while testing his car in Ardmore, Oklahoma.
Born in Palmyra, Wisconsin, Congdon died at the Autumn 50 in Terre Haute, Indiana in a crash in a midget car race, driving for Gene Hamilton.
Nichols sued and won, claiming copyright infringement, and that year Alan Jones scored Shadow's single Grand Prix victory.
He joined up with the American Stock Car Racing Association in 1947, eventually becoming secretary of the organization in 1950.
He was a color commentator for the IndyCar races on Versus.
He made a single Indy Lights start in 1992.
Medlen was born in Oakdale, CA, the son of John and Mary Medlen and brother of Eryn Medlen.
After retiring as a driver, Rahal held managerial positions with the Jaguar Formula 1 team and also was an interim president of the CART series.
His V8 Supercars debut came at the 2015 Wilson Security Sandown 500 alongside Dale Wood.
In 2016 Yacamán switched to a sprint format, driving for BMW Team Teo Martín in the International GT Open series.
Sergio Campana is an Italian racing driver.
Mällinen won several US National titles in Formula Atlantic and Sports prototype series.
In 1998 he became the youngest race winner in the 20-year history of the Championship aged just 18.
Max Peter Coates is a British racing driver currently competing in the Clip Cup Championship.
Despite previous expectations, it was a one-car team, with no place for previous Tech-Speed driver Paul O'Neill.
He competed in the first edition of Turkish Formula Three Championship in 1994.
Díaz also has an extensive open-wheel racing background.
He achieved that again in the feature race at Spa, qualifying 19th and finishing 11th.
Bonner began his racing career on two wheels, racing motorcycles from 1975 to 1985.
Esteban Ocon is a French racing driver who currently drives in Formula One for Force India.
He has won the GT2 class of the Le Mans Series twice, alongside German driver Marc Lieb in both in the 2009 and 2010 seasons.
Nick Lars Heidfeld is a German professional racing driver.
S. Frank Brock was an American racecar driver who participated in the 1914 Indianapolis 500.
The 3-door Levin is heavily modified, featuring the SR20 engine from a Nissan Silvia which gives a significant performance advantage over the standard engine.
Like many of the other D1 drivers, he owns his own tuning garage called Koguchi Power.
Michael Lira is an American professional stock car racing driver.
Olivier Pla is a professional racing driver from France.
Philip Glew is a British auto racing driver.
He finished fourth in points in 2010 with 13 wins driving for the same team.
Leighton made his career debut at New Hampshire International Speedway in May 1997, running the #5 Chevy owned by Terry Labonte.
As well as being a D1 driver he works for M Sports, a well known body kit manufacturer and also competes in R/C car drifting competitions.
Brett Hearn is a full-time modified stock car driver from Kinnelon, New Jersey.
In 2010, Peña competed the K&N Pro Series East to begin his rookie season.
In prior years, Jiménez was in the Pro-Am 1 class.
Peter Elkmann is a German racing driver.
In 2010 he made his Daytona Prototype debut at the 2010 24 Hours of Daytona co-driving Beyer Racing's Chevy-Crawford.
He raced in the 2005 GP2 Series season for the Durango team and David Price Racing for 2006.
888 Holden VF Commodore for Triple Eight Race Engineering.
Itō is also a regular presenter of Best Motoring.
He also competed as a coxswain as part of Scotch College's championship-winning rowing crew in 2003.
He also drove in British Formula Ford Championship in 2012.
Gabriele Marotta is an Italian racing driver currently competing in the TCR International Series.
He won the 2016 Indy Lights championship, driving for Carlin Motorsport, in his second season in the series.
He was also at Renault F1 as a test driver.
Jaussaud was born in Caen, Calvados, and started racing in automobiles in 1962, taking courses in the Jim Russell Drivers School and the Winfield Racing School.
Bonanno obtained her racing license in September 2003 through Panoz Racing School at Sebring International Raceway.
Matt Kobyluck is a driver in the NASCAR K&N Pro Series East, a regional stepping-stone series to NASCAR's national divisions.
In 2009 he competed for Gotham Competition in the 24 Hours of Daytona, but does not have a full-time ride in any series.
He raced in the GP2 Series for four years, placing 14th in 2013, fourth in 2014, fifth in 2015, and 12th in 2016.
He finished behind Piquet Jr, Adam Carroll, James Rossiter and Clivio Piccione.
Lazier began to compete in the newly formed Indy Racing League in 1996.
Sam Sunderland is a Dubai-based British rally raid motorcycle rider, best known for his participation in the Dakar Rally, which he won in 2017.
Bruno Andrade (born February 6, 1991 in São Paulo is a Brazilian racing driver.
Tim Macrow is an Australian racing driver.
Jonathan Klein is an American racing driver from Long Grove, Illinois.
Jim Richards is a New Zealand racing driver who has spent most of his racing life in Australia.
Shauntia Latrice "Tia" Norfleet is an African-American drag racing and stock car racing driver.
Shunji Kasuya is a Japanese former racing driver.
He graduated from Ridgeland-Hardeeville High School in 1957, and attended the University of South Carolina in Columbia for a few years before joining the U.S. Army.
Lasse Lorentz Sørensen is a Danish racing driver currently competing in the Eurocup Formula Renault 2.0.
He ran in the Toyota Atlantic championship for two seasons, winning the title in 1995.
He also drives for Triple Eight Race Engineering as a co-driver alongside Craig Lowndes in the Pirtek Enduro Cup series.
De Ferran was the 2000 and 2001 Champ Car champion driving for Team Penske and the winner of the 2003 Indianapolis 500.
He has competed in such series as Formula Renault 2000 Eurocup and Formula Renault V6 Eurocup.
Scheckter recently launched Scheckter's Organic Beverages Ltd and their first product, Scheckter's OrganicEnergy drink.
Since selling his ownership of DC Shoes, Block has shifted his business focus to Hoonigan Industries, an apparel brand for auto enthusiasts.
He is the brother of water polo player Viktor Nagy and a great grandson of painter Tivadar Csontváry Kosztka.
In the Chrysler Viper GTS-R he drove in the FIA GT Championship, with great success.
He stopped racing "outlaw" and joined the Lucas Oil Late Model Dirt Series to become series' the 2011 national champion.
In 2007 he competed in the Koni Challenge Series.
Álex Palou Montalbo is a Spanish racing driver born in Sant Antoni de Vilajamajor, Spain.
Goodyear qualified for eleven runnings of the Indy 500 races from 1990 to 2001, missing only the 1996 race as his name wasn't entered.
He is also the first Israeli to compete in one of NASCAR's top three touring series.
Lazier won the American Indycar Series championship in 1988.
Mike Verschuur is a Dutch racing driver.
Douglas came 2nd at the Supercheap Auto Bathurst 1000 with James Moffat in 2014
He was selected in a worldwide poll among fans as one of the 33 greatest drivers in Indianapolis 500 history.
Matt Plumb is also team manager of Rum Bum Racing, a sportscar and GT racing team.
In 2008, Paul attempted to complete a hat-trick of CTM Macau Cup victories, after winning the Hong Kong Touring Car Championship again.
Johnson resided in Eau Claire, running a custom painting business, 'Just Herm Designs'.
Sherry King Blakley-Vaughn, also known as Sherry Hinkle was an American stock car racing driver.
His best Champ Car finishes were a pair of seventh places on the Beverly Hills and Fresno board ovals in 1923.
He is a vehicle dynamics engineer and an instructor with the Team O’Neil Rally School in New Hampshire.
In his spare time he races in the Le Mans Series and the 24 Hours of Le Mans.
He was inducted into the National Sprint Car Hall of Fame in 2004 as a member of the "Pennsylvania Posse".
He was killed in a practice crash for the 1935 Indianapolis 500.
He won the inaugural Petit Le Mans in 1998.
On his 18th birthday, he asked his parents to give him a test drive on a racing car as a gift.
In 1986, he tested a Brabham Formula One car, during free practice the 1986 Mexican Grand Prix.
Chris Swanwick is a British racing car driver.
William Ewing "Will" Hoy was an English racing driver and the 1991 British Touring Car Champion, the highlight of a 20-year career in motor racing.
The following season he moved up to the Brazilian Formula Renault championship with Dragão Motorsport, taking a single podium finish to end the year 13th overall.
In 2011 he published a book about his life; "Dash-The Dakar Rally, Life and Happiness"
Stubblefield was the son of Michael Stubblefield and Mrs. Lela Middlebrook.
Johnny Seymour was an American racecar driver.
After winning the SCCA national Formula Atlantic championship in 1993, he moved up to the CART-sanctioned Toyota Atlantic series in 1994.
On occurred, the team officially announced that he was out of the season.
In 1992 he drove in the CART IndyCar World Series' Detroit Grand Prix in a year old Buick powered Lola fielded by Burns Racing.
He is the brother of Chris Buncombe.
1997 was less successful as he only finished 5th in series points.
Wootton won the BMW Scholarship in 2009, He is the current official lap record holder at Sepang in a Formula BMW.
In 1975 Jaussaud quit single-seaters and entered endurance racing, where he was invited to drive for Renault Sport starting in 1976.
Gary Kwok is best known as a Canadian race driver.
He was one of the best Porsche drivers of his era.
Joey Hand is an American professional racing driver, and is currently a Ford factory driver.
He also drives in the CARS Late Model Stock Tour and part-time in the Camping World Truck Series, driving the Nos.
He also competed in the 1992 Indy Lights season.
His father is a former Formula One driver, who has competed with RAM and ATS.
Morton competed in 17 American Championship Car races from 1922 to 1927 including 7 Indianapolis 500 races.
Adam Khan, is a British sportsman and racing driver and ex F1 driver from Bridlington, Yorkshire.
He drove a Miller in the 1926 race and finished 13th in the rain-shortened event.
After karting, Bussell joined the Fran-Am 2000 North American Pro Championship series in 2003 where he finished 10th in points.
Richard Bradley is a British racing driver.
In 1976, Johnson won the SCCA National Championship at Road Atlanta and was the 1977 USAC Mini-Indy Champion.
Horto competed in three of the first four races of the season, including the Freedom 100 before leaving the team and series.
He got sponsorship from Jacuzzi for the Indianapolis 500 and was able to finish the season winning Rookie of the Year honors and kept his house.
His final year in the BTCC came in 1992, entering his own-built Ford Sierra.
The previous record was Roberto Ravaglia's three successive championships.
Jones now acts as team co-principal with his brother Kim in the V8 Supercar racing team, Brad Jones Racing.
Medlen was moved into Pedregon's Castrol Syntec-sponsored car.
Olson made one CART World Series start in 1983 at Road America.
Later that season he made several NASCAR Busch Series starts.
Bill Kann is an American professional stock car racing driver.
Hearn has amassed 892 wins in a stock car over the course of his professional career which has spanned four decades.
Luigi Gilbert "Louis" Tomei was an American racecar driver active during the 1930s and 1940s.
He left behind a wife, Diane, and son Larry McCoy IV.
His father, Clayton Reid, was a New Zealand champion in karting.
2009 was less successful for van der Ende, and he finished 6th in the Dutch GT4 Championship.
He is a graduate of Michigan State University.
In 2009 he progressed to the LMP1 class, where he took an 2nd overall finish at the 1000 km of Silverstone.
88 Holden VE Commodore for Eggleston Motorsport.
A highlight of Rick's career was racing for four-time Indy winner AJ Foyt in the 1975 California 500.
The following year he captured his first series win and finished 5th in the championship.
He is married to Krista and has three children, Daniel, Kevin, and Rachel.
In 2011 he began racing in Sports Car Club of America amateur competition in Formula Enterprises.
He was champion in the 2005 Italian Formula 3000 season in the Light Class Championship and also raced in the 2006 season.
Steve Millen is a retired New Zealand IMSA racecar driver.
His last race at Indy was the 1991 Indianapolis 500.
In 2008 he moved to the British Formula Three Championship and won the National Class.
He is the son of two-time Australian Production Car champion Kent Youlden.
His father Chris was twice champion of the BTCC.
Philip Ma Ching Yeung): 馬清揚) is a racing driver from Hong Kong, who has raced in the World Touring Car Championship.
He has raced in the Hong Kong Touring Car Championship but is best known for his appearance in the World Touring Car Championship.
He was popularly known as "Gentleman Jack".
Alex Stewart Lloyd is a former British motor racing driver.
Sergio Peña is an American NASCAR driver who is one of eleven drivers who is part of the Drive for Diversity program.
In 2017, he married Pippa Middleton, younger sister of Catherine, Duchess of Cambridge.
Juan Ramón Zapata is a Spanish racing driver.
Daniel Clive Wheldon was a British racing driver.
Matthew Kenneth "Matt" Tifft is an American professional stock car racing driver.
Spangler tried to get by on the outside, but ran out of room and plowed into Fox's car head on at over 100 miles per hour.
Coming off of a championship '96 season the '97 Lola was a very uncompetitive and flawed chassis.
He won the 1996 and 2005 24 Hours of Daytona, and the 2005 Grand-Am Rolex Sports Car Series Daytona Prototype drivers' championship.
Reaves competed in the Pikes Peak International race in 2000 and finished in third place.
Beckman was an instructor for Frank Hawley's Drag Racing School,.
She married IndyCar Series driver Ryan Hunter-Reay on July 3, 2011.
In 2009 Mällinen made his debut in the IMSA Atlantic Championship racing for Swan Racing and won the Championship with 4 wins and 3 pole positions.
In high school, she lettered in volleyball, basketball, and track and field.
Pastor was travelling to Clark, Pampanga, in preparation for the final leg of the 2014 Asian V8 Championship Series season.
Frank Stippler is a German professional racing driver.
Goldin is one of a select group of drivers who has won the National Points Championship on three occasions.
He currently lives in Attleborough in Norfolk.
He died on 28 October 1921 in Hartford, Connecticut.
He also served as a relief driver later in that race for Al Melcher and then the next year was a relief driver for Ira Hall.
Earlier, he competed in the Champ Car series from 2004 to 2007, scoring four wins.
Read attended Saint Mary's College of California and resides in Danville, California.
In 2013 he returned to the British Touring Car Championship with his current team, West Surrey Racing.
He first excelled in modified stock car racing, winning a number of regional championships.
He works within motorsport as a consultant doing corporate events and driver management.
Patterson died at Sandringham on 10 January 2010 at the age of 86.
He is no relation to fellow Indy 500 driver Tom Bigelow.
However, he again failed to qualify for the Indy 500, an indignity that continued in 1980.
He also carried out testing duties for the Prost team during the 1999–2001 Formula One seasons and for Toyota Racing in their first season in 2002.
He moved up to Grand-Am's Rolex Sports Car Series GT class in 2008 driving for Matt Connelly Motorsports.
Harry Cobe was an American racecar driver.
Baker died on June 23, 2000 after a crash in an ARCA race in Toledo, OH.
He also won the Macao Jinmei Challenge.
He competes full-time in the NASCAR Pinty's Series, driving the No.
Tower was the fastest qualifier at the 1913 Indianapolis 500, but started from the back row as the grid was determined by a blind draw.
He has competed in such series as Deutsche Tourenwagen Masters, Rolex Sports Car Series and the Swedish Touring Car Championship.
He attempted six race, but failed to qualify for two, resulting in four race starts.
Norm Houser was an American racecar driver.
Jacky van der Ende is a Dutch racing driver.
He holds dual nationality and has raced under both nationalities at various points in his career.
In 1992, Barnhart was the left-rear tire changer on the pit crew of Unser, Jr.'s winning car.
Juan Carlos Sistos is a Mexican racing driver.
He races with a specially-modified car due to his cerebral palsy.
He won the 2007 and 2009 GRAND-AM Rolex Sports Car Series Daytona Prototype drivers' championship and is a two-time Atlantic Championship champion as well.
Harold Shaw was an American racecar driver from Indianapolis.
Since then Crocker has remained undefeated in the APRC even while changing teams.
On his return he started Drag Racing with some success.
He is said to be America's most decorated endurance driver in history.
Emil Assentato is an American racing driver born in New York City.
Giordano "Nando" Aldrighetti was an Italian motorcycle racer and racing driver.
He raced in the 2006 GP2 Series for the Super Nova team, and previously for the DAMS team, and the CMS team in Formula 3000.
He won both the Championnat de France Formule Renault and the Eurocup Formula Renault in 1995.
He then competed in the USAC Silver Crown Series in 1994.
He was the runner-up in the championship in both 2013 and 2014 in the S2000 class.
He is a former World Touring Car Championship driver, who made his debut in 2013.
His death in 1958 ended a career that started in 1935 – however, he was lucky to survive an air crash in 1948.
Stefan Mücke is a German professional racing driver.
2005 saw Matt Iorio winning the Rally America Open Class Championship as well as the North American Rally Cup.
Matt Plumb is a racing driver who has previously competed in the Barber Dodge Pro Series and currently races in the Continental Tire Sports Car Challenge.
He is most noted for winning the 1983 12 Hours of Sebring race while driving a Porsche 934.
Bleekemolen was a backup driver in the first season.
Jimmy Adams is an American race car driver.
Vitaliy Pushkar is a Ukrainian rally driver, Ukrainian rally vice-champion, European rally champion in ERC Production Cup category, and The Boar ProRacing team driver.
He raced in the 1988 and 1991-1999 seasons with 36 career starts, including the 1994 Indianapolis 500.
Simon Pagenaud is a French professional racing driver.
Helmick drove in other notable sports car races of the day such as the 12 Hours of Sebring in the World Championship of Makes.
He drove in the World Touring Car Championship for bamboo-engineering in 2012.
In February 2010 he made his debut in the Chevrolet Supercars Middle East Championship sedan series at Yas Marina Circuit, coming away with a race win.
Bernd Mayländer is a German racing driver and current Formula One safety car driver.
John Hrankaj, publicly known as Johnny Hannon was an American racecar driver and boxer.
Saldana began racing at the local Indiana tracks close to his home in the early 1990s.
In 2010 he drove in the Star Mazda series for Team Apex.
His auto parts store was said to be the county's first speed shop.
He has scored a win, six podiums and 13 top 5s.
Their third son child was born September 14, 2016.
She is the main board member of The Bikerni group along with Urvashi Patole, and Sheetal Bidaye.
In 2013, he drove for Citroën in the European and World Rally-2 Championships.
After winning and placing highly in several Finnish karting championships, Suvanto moved to car racing in 2010 in Formula BMW Europe for Josef Kaufmann Racing.
Ignas Gelžinis is a Lithuanian racing driver, currently racing in Porsche Carrera Cup Great Britain championship.
Francis Bagnal Kidger Tucker was a South African rally driver, who was the 1966 South African Rally Drivers Champion.
Krohn entered the Intercontinental Le Mans Cup in 2011, finishing second in the GTE-Am class standings.
Ross started racing in Formula BMW in 2007.
Giuliano Ryu Alesi is a French racing driver.
Mezera won the 1988 Bathurst 1000, and for many years was a member of the Holden Racing Team as both a driver and team manager.
Ferdinand "Enzo" Pastor was a Filipino racing driver.
The car exploded in flames and Merle tried to climb out while it was still moving.
He has 21 wins overall as a crew chief.
A keen amateur racing driver, he participated in four 24 Hours of Le Mans races, debuting on June 25, 1949.
His younger brother Ignas Gelžinis is also racing driver.
In 1947 he qualified a Novi powered Kurtis but it was driven by Herb Ardinger, who finished 4th, completing all 200 laps.
The 2008 truck was built in just 8 weeks.
He has also raced for Team Ireland in A1 Grand Prix, winning the series in 2009.
In 1970, he was drafted into the Vietnam War where he served as Specialist 4.
Goodyear, who had expected the race to finish under caution, was weaving his car to keep his tires warm at the time of the restart.
Smith first competed in motor racing in 1958, winning the New Zealand Hill Climb championship when he was 16.
Jordan King is a British racing driver from Harbury, Warwickshire.
19 Ford F-150 for Brad Keselowski Racing.
Teaming up with Jean Rondeau, he won at Le Mans once more, and also took part in the Paris-Dakar Rally for Rondeau's team.
Kathy is also a breast cancer survivor including a stem cell transplant, trial drugs and radiation.
Lawson Aschenbach is an American professional racing driver.
Most of his career has been in touring cars, competing in the Russian Touring Car Championship as well as the Dutch Supercar Challenge.
He first attempted to qualify for the 1983 Indianapolis 500 in an unsophisticated Chevrolet powered Finley chassis fielded by Pace Racing.
In 2016, van der Zande won his first major sports car championship with co-driver Alex Popow and Starworks Motorsport in the WeatherTech SportsCar Championship PC Class.
In 2010, he raced for Changan Ford Racing in the China Touring Car Championship, finishing second overall in the 2000cc class.
Midway through the 2007 D1 series Kumakubo switched from the Impreza to an Evo 9 during round 5 at Ebisu.
During his career he has mostly driven for his family team, Welch Motorsport.
John Francis Harvey is a retired Australian racing driver.
In 2015 Pepe drives for Küs Team75 Bernhard.
Despite this, Waite won the Grand Prix.
In 2005 he competed in Star Mazda full-time and finished second in the championship, winning two races and rookie of the year honors.
Klaus currently races for Muscle Milk Pickett Racing in the American Le Mans Series.
At age 16 he graduated to the Fiesta si Championship and in 1998 moved up to the BTCC supporting Ford Credit Fiesta Championship.
Turner also participated in the Gold Coast 600 race as part of the 2011 International V8 Supercars Championship.
Mark "Didley" Porter was a New Zealand racing driver who competed in the Fujitsu V8 Supercar touring car racing series in Australia.
Bond also won the 1975 Australian Touring Car Championship in a Holden Torana and was inducted into the V8 Supercars Hall of Fame in 2002.
He failed to qualify for the 1925 Indianapolis 500 but qualified for the 1928 race.
In 2011, he decided to move to touring cars.
Jeff Bucknum is an American race car driver.
Her nicknames are the "Iron Maiden" and "Swiss Miss."
Alex Fontana is a Swiss racing driver of Greek descent.
Yoshitaka Kuroda is a Japanese racing driver.
He is also a record seven-time winner of annual 1000 km race, held at Palanga circuit.
Businessman Domingo de Guzman III was arrested on August 26, 2014 in Muntinlupa and was taken into custody at Camp Karingal.
Ronney Householder was an American race car driver.
Kenneth Timmy Hansen is a rallycross driver from Sweden.
His last professional race was in the 2003 Freedom 100 at Indianapolis Motor Speedway.
He competed in the Indy Lights series from 1994 to 1996 for Summit Motorsports with Red Line Oil sponsorship.
Jeff Smith is a British auto racing driver and businessman.
Tiago Petiz is a Portuguese racing driver.
For the bluegrass musician of the same name, see Blue Highway
He is currently represented by ICONS in South Africa, Wilhelmina Hawaii, STARS in San Francisco, Dreamodels in Hong Kong and Aston Models in Los Angeles.
Despite this, he was the recipient of the Indianapolis 500 Rookie of the Year award for 2007.
Their second son Rocsen was born March 2015.
Kalitta has a wife, Josie Kalitta, a son Mitchell Kalitta, and a daughter Avery Kalitta.
In 2011, Mällinen won the 2011 US National Championship, SCCA National Championship Runoffs, Division Championship, June Sprints, and the Triple Crown.
The body of a passenger, a Romanian girl named Catalina Ganea, was also found in the car.
Russell Gamester, born on January 9, 1965 in Lombard, Illinois is an American auto racing driver.
He drove half seasons in the American Le Mans Series of 2001, 2002 and 2004.
Early years: Boyd starting karting in September 2001 in the cadet class finishing in the Top 10 in his first year in the Northern Irish Championship.
John Goss is an Australian retired motor racing driver who competed in his home country during the 1960s, 1970's and 1980's.
Bayne, however will run in the USAR Hooters Pro Cup Series and race in the Camping World East Series.
His injuries were reported to include pulmonary damage due to flame inhalation, burns on both hands, face and neck, and a broken arm.
Jan "Flash" Nilsson is a Swedish racecar driver.
Nick de Bruijn is a Dutch racing driver.
After missing only one race, he was drafted by Greg Ray's Access Motorsports to drive the #13 car.
He raced for A1 Team Indonesia at two rounds in the 2008–09 A1 Grand Prix season.
Michael Dalle Stelle is an Italian racing driver.
During this period, he was one of three Ecurie Ecosse drivers for the team’s debut race at Charterhall, which resulted in a second place for Stewart.
Of special note were Guerrero's participations in the Indianapolis 500.
Two years later, in 1995, Mutsch finished second in the Formula Renault 1800.
Don Nichols is the founder and former principal of the Shadow CanAm and Formula One racing team.
Teddy Tetzlaff was an American racecar driver active in the formative years of auto racing.
Pavel Valoušek is a professional rally driver from Czech Republic who currently competes in the Czech Rally Championship with Škoda Fabia S2000 in factory supported team.
He returned to A1 Grand Prix in 2009 in the final round at Brands Hatch.
In 1998 he took part in the Chinese KART Cup and raced to third place.
Clivio Piccione is a Monegasque race car driver.
In 2005 he drove a winged sprint car in Texas and surrounding states.
After racing in the IRL he competed in the 2003 and 2004 seasons of the Infiniti Pro Series, finishing 16th and 10th in points.
Mika Mäki is a Finnish former racing driver.
Cheng Congfu is a Chinese racing driver.
2008 - Rolex GT Watkins Glen 6 Hour 1st place 2009 - Rolex GT Watkins Glen 2 Hour 1st place, Rolex GT Montreal 3rd place.
In 2010 he made his debut in the Super GT series at the Pokka GT Summer Special as the 3rd driver of the ARTA.
During 2012 Baggsy was a regular podium finisher and ended up 5th in the final championship standings.
Josef Král is a professional racing driver from the Czech Republic.
He wears an Ayrton Senna inspired helmet with yellow and a blue and a green stripe.
He had previously had success on the dirt track circuit.
Dorsey currently lives in Florida with his wife Kim and daughter Carissa Schroeder from his second marriage.
Keiichi Tsuchiya is a professional race car driver.
He raced in the TORC: The Off Road Championship Super Buggy and Pro Light divisions, winning the 2010 Super Buggy championship.
Fish later teamed up with CFO, Ted Johnson to purchase SCORE International from Thompson in 1986 and HDRA in 1993.
David Saelens is a racing driver from Belgium.
Richard Antinucci is an American race car driver.
After his racing career, he was an auto salesman from 1909 until he retired in 1925.
In 2012, Bell made his debut in NASCAR competition, driving the No.
Neville Crichton, CNZM, is a New Zealand businessman who was also a competitor in Australasian motor and yacht racing.
José Luis Abadín Iglesias is a Spanish racing driver currently competing in the FIA Formula Two Championship.
She is interested in Nature Conservation and also volunteers with Greenpeace.
Mays won the AAA National Championship in 1940 and 1941.
In July 2007, Prendeville was named an honorary citizen of Indianapolis in response to his fundraising efforts.
In 2009, Doornbos competed in the IndyCar Series.
He was last at Watkins Glen due to transmission failure, 37th at Milwaukee and 36th at IRP.
Charles Newton "Charlie" Kimball is an American racecar driver currently competing in the IndyCar Series with Chip Ganassi Racing.
60 Michael Shank Racing Ford-Riley Daytona Prototype.
After starting in karts, Potekhen began racing in the Star Mazda West Series and Formula Vauxhall Winter Series in 1997.
In all, he made thirteen starts in the Indy 500 with a best finish of third in 1927, his second start.
In 1987 he finished as runner-up in his class, finishing sixth overall in his ageing Rover.
He has raced in the 2005 and 2006 GP2 Series seasons, and has also driven the third car for Spyker MF1 Racing.
Yuri Baiborodov is a Russian racing driver.
He moved up to cars the following year and won the Formula Ford 2000 Zetec championship with four wins in his rookie season.
Michael Ammermüller is a racing driver from Germany.
Dick Ferguson was a driver in the CART Championship Car series.
Arthur Forster is a British auto racing driver.
Bob Sall was an American racecar driver.
Steve Dance is a racing driver; he has raced the #16 pickup since 2002 in the UK Pickup Truck Racing series.
She was born in San Diego, California, and currently lives in Sussex, England.
Scott Mayer is a former driver in the Indy Racing League IndyCar Series.
Marcus Marshall is a former Champ Car driver from Australia.
LaPoint won the 2001 USF2000 championship and also competed in Star Mazda and the Atlantic Championship.
He won the 2007 Formula Lista Junior championship season.
He returned to sports car racing, including both the World Sportscar Championship and the Trans Am Series.
Bruce Allen is an American retired drag racer.
In 1982, driving for Bob Garnetson Racing, finished 3rd place in the 24 Hours of Daytona.
For the 2005 season, following the opening Irwindale round, Miki switched to a Top Secret modified Fairlady Z Z33 powered by a RB26.
He is the son of 1979 Formula One World Champion Jody Scheckter, and the brother of IndyCar Series driver Tomas Scheckter.
He competed in Formula Three and Formula 3000 where he won 3 races.
Jorge Andrés Martínez Boero was an Argentine motorcycle racer who participated in the 2011 and 2012 Dakar Rally.
Harry Butcher was an American racecar driver originally from Wilmington, Illinois.
He contested a few more Indy 500s, with a best result of 6th in 2002.
He is mentored by triple world champion Andy Priaulx.
The Police arrested the suspected mastermind behind the death of Enzo Pastor.
He drove in his own car for one race in 1951, starting seventeen and finishing 27th.
Michael Schrom is also owner of Michael Schrom and Company.
He and his riding mechanic Monk Jordan were killed while competing in the 1933 Indy 500.
Stanisław Czaykowski, also known as Stanislas Czaykowski and Stanislaus Czaykowski was a Polish Grand Prix motor racing driver.
He had 9 champ car starts, including the 1974 and 1976 Indianapolis 500 with 3 top ten finishes.
Ryō Hirakawa is a Japanese racing driver, best known for winning the 2012 All-Japan Formula Three Championship.
Philip Major is a Canadian racing driver.
He competed in the 2012 GP3 Series season for Ocean Racing Technology.
The car attracted sponsorship from local businesses and the national anti-tobacco campaign, and became known as Ash Kicker Racing.
For 2007, Baas drove at Speed Porsche 997 in Rolex GT with co-driver Bob Miller.
He is a former TCR International Series driver, who made his debut in 2015.
He attempted the 1920 Indianapolis 500 but failed to qualify.
Steven Johnson is an Australian racing driver.
Sandell joined Olsbergs MSE to drive a Ford Fiesta at the Global RallyCross Championship in 2013.
Sami Seliö is a Finnish powerboat racer and two-time Formula 1 Powerboat World Champion.
He remained with the team for 2007, now full-time team-mate to Plato.
He also entered selected rounds of the British Formula One Series.
His best result of the year was a tenth place finish in round six at Rockingham Speedway, giving him his one championship point of the year.
He currently competes in the ARCA Racing Series, driving the No.
Luke Hines is a British auto racing driver, he is the son of former karting champion and Zip Kart founder/owner Martin Hines.
He fielded his own car in 1981 and 32nd in points without a single top-ten.
In 1999, he made his only career NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series start, which came for Team Racing at Memphis Motorsports Park.
Worsham drives a Lucas Oil sponsored car Worsham Racing, a family team.
A race named in honor of him, The Ron Shuman Classic, is held every year in Kansas City, Kansas at Lakeside Speedway.
At the time of the crash, their speed was about 116 miles per hour.
Charles Darin Brassfield is a former American racing driver from Los Gatos, California.
Recently, McIntosh partnered with Dallas Mavericks and American businessman Mark Cuban with the social media app called Cyber Dust.
At the end of 2005 Barrichello left Ferrari to sign a contract with Honda.
Billy Carlson was an American racecar driver.
He raced in the 1990, 1991, and 1995 seasons with 21 career starts, including the 1990 Indianapolis 500.
Trent Hindman is an American racing driver.
Youl was also a prominent member of the Tasmanian grazing community.
He won by a margin of 7 minutes and 17 seconds.
Hiroki Yoshimoto is a Japanese race car driver.
On August 7, 2015, Darland won his 100th USAC event at Amsoil Speedway in Superior, Wisconsin.
Hofmann was also the third member of the four second funny car club 4.992
Todd Gilliland is an American professional stock car racing driver.
2008 took him to Europe where he competed in Euroseries 3000 where he finished 9th in points.
Michele Alboreto was an Italian racing driver.
Jeg Coughlin Jr. is an American motorsports driver, competing in the NHRA Mello Yello Drag Racing Series Pro Stock Division.
He is currently under contract with McLaren racing their GT cars for several customer teams.
His money ran out mid-season and he became contracted as a part-time tester for BAR-Honda.
Garza was winless in 88 CART races.
He was killed in a midget race at the Michigan State Fairgrounds Speedway in Detroit when his car went out of control.
Thomas Jäger is a German professional racing driver.
He has also competed in Production Cars finishing third in Class A of the Bathurst 12 Hour race in 2008.
He is considered one of the best stock car drivers in Quebec.
He is the father of racing driver Steven Richards, and between them they have achieved 11 Bathurst 1000 wins, most recently in 2015.
In his first drive for the team he finished 3rd.
Rhys Millen, nephew of IMSA GTS driver Steve Millen, son of Rod and older brother of Ryan, is one of the America's top competitors in drifting.
John Woolfe was a British racing driver from England, who specialised in sports car racing.
Born in Auch, Gers, Pilet won the Championnat de France Formula Renault 2.0 in 2004 and competed at the Formula Renault 2000 Eurocup.
He replaced Carl Breeze who had gone to GA Motorsport.
He returned for the 2008 season with the surprising entry of a Lada 110, competing in fourteen rounds.
Roy Goodman is a former BriSCA Formula 2 Stock Cars racing driver.
His son David is also involved in motorsport.
Though, Motorcycle racing is recognized as legitimate sport in India, Chithra had found it very difficult to fund her interest.
Some sources say that he was born in Los Angeles, but most say that he was born in Oklahoma.
From this start, Curtis moved on to compete in the Bondurant Racing School Pro Search program.
Jean-Luc Maury-Laribière is a French racing driver.
Jamie Green is a British professional racing driver.
The car was badly damaged the following weekend, but was rebuilt  and, with Pitt driving, became the dominant feature of Australian sports car racing.
He is a former European Le Mans Series driver, who made his debut in 2015.
Pastor made his racing debut at the 1999 Toyota Corolla Cup with a Toyota Corolla as his first vehicle.
From 2000 to 2003 Robin also raced a Triumph Spitfire in G Production of the SCCA.
He also has authored a number of books on auto racing.
He was married to Frances Reta, and had one son, Robert Frances, with her.
He was rewarded with a drive for Nissan at the Dubai 24 Hour race.
Natasha Seatter is a Malaysian racing driver.
Piedrahita finished seventh in the championship, capturing two podium finishes at the series' two oval races at Lucas Oil Raceway at Indianapolis and the Milwaukee Mile.
Russo was thrown out of his car and died immediately.
He spent 2 years in the DTM for Keke Rosberg's Mercedes-Benz-powered team, also winning several ASCAR races.
For the 2009 season he returned with Russian Bears team, this time with full manufacturer backing from Lada.
Tiago Geronimi is a Brazilian racing driver.
Howell sat out the 2004 and much of the 2005 seasons due to a lack of finance.
Edoardo Mortara is a professional Italian racing driver.
He is currently a driver coach and adviser to the Mazda Road to Indy and racing adviser and spokesman for Cooper Tire.
He won the Italian Formula Three Championship in 1996.
Atsushi Kuroi was a Japanese professional drifting driver who competed in the D1 Grand Prix series for Team Toyo with River Side.
During his karting career he raced alongside Jenson Button, Dan Wheldon, and his Zip Kart team mates Anthony Davidson and Gary Paffett.
He made two more Indy Lights starts and finished in second at Infineon Raceway.
Tom Kristensen is a former Danish professional racing driver.
On 10 October 2008, Paul was involved in a massive crash during a practice session at Bathurst  and has not raced since.
In 2000 he was runner up in the Renault Clio Cup, winning the championship a year later in 2001 with the TSM Developments Team.
He is father to Jason Tahincioglu, a former Formula Three pilot and GP2 FMS International driver in 2006 and 2007.
Alexandre Cougnaud is a French racing driver.
For the 2012 24 Hours Nürburgring race, driving the #123 car with Kazunori Yamauchi, he finished 1st in the SP 8T class, and 30th overall.
He is the son of retired Australian race driver and former team owner Larry Perkins, in whose team Perkins Engineering, he drove between 2006 and 2008.
He won the Finnish Rallycross Championship in 2010 and the Global Rallycross Championship in 2013.
In 2014 Sten Pentus switched from single-seaters to GT racing, competing in the Blancpain Sprint series with the Bhaitech team in a McLaren MP4-12C GT3.
George has a very large scar over his left eye that many believe is a result of a motorsport accident.
He now drives the new Toyota GT86 powered by an EJ20 engine from Subaru.
He currently competes part-time in the Monster Energy NASCAR Cup Series, driving the No.
Later became an aviator and rancher, but remained close to engineering all his life.
He would hold down a key seat in Formula Junior during 2004, whilst also winning his first championship in Formula Baviera.
He has been competing in the D1 Grand Prix series since it began in October 2000.
Steven Goldstein is a Colombian racing driver.
He won his first DTM title in 2013, driving for Audi Sport Team Phoenix.
George Clark was an American racecar driver.
For his first season, he finished 10th in the championship CFO.
Niall Breen is an Irish racing driver.
Jean-Paul Cyr is an American racing driver.
His racing career started in the 1980s driving historic cars, before he moved on to driving Australian sports cars from 1989 until 1996.
He also drove in the American Le Mans Series' 2009 Sports Car Challenge of St. Petersburg with Panoz Team PTG.
The incident was similar to Henry Surtees' fatal accident in Formula Two at Brands Hatch in 2009.
He was champion of the 2006 Winter Series in the British Formula Renault Championship.
Carmen Jordá Buades is a Spanish race car driver, who is currently a development driver for the Renault F1 Team.
Paul Anthony Tracy is a Canadian former professional auto racing driver who competed in CART, the Champ Car World Series and the IndyCar Series.
Gerhard Tweraser is an Austrian racing driver.
Russell Lee Phillips was a NASCAR Sportsman Division driver and volunteer firefighter from Charlotte, NC.
Brent Sherman, a resident of Wauconda, Illinois, is a former driver in the NASCAR Nationwide Series who later competed in the Firestone Indy Lights Series.
Martin Depper is a British auto racing driver.
The 2008 Indy Lights season was his last professional race appearance.
Matthew Neal is a British motor racing driver.
Alexander Abdelmajeed Khateeb is a British racing driver, currently driving in Eurocup Formula Renault 2.0.
He also completed the legendary 24H of Le Mans in June 2014 with Oak Racing Team Asia, finishing 11th overall and 7th in the LMP2 class.
The titular "Thin Man" is not Nick Charles, but the man Charles is initially hired to find – Clyde Wynant.
Dario Resta, nicknamed "Dolly", was an Italian Briton race car driver.
He failed in qualifying attempts at Indy in 1978 and 1981.
He is a four-time Pirelli World Challenge champion, and most recently, the 2014 Pirelli World Challenge GTS Champion.
Entered a full-time program with the same car in 2001 in Grand-Am Cup competition.
In 2000, Adams drove a Dodge Viper GTS for Viper Speed Racing of Fort Worth, TX in SCCA Pro Racing's World Challenge GT Series.
Nicki Thiim is a professional Danish racecar driver currently racing for Aston Martin Racing as a factory driver in the FIA World Endurance Championship.
Previously, Chandhok has competed for Hispania Racing in Formula One in 2010.
In 1999 sponsor Kodiak moved to Melling Racing, leaving the team in search of sponsorship.
Lucas Foresti is a Brazilian racing driver.
He drove for the Holden Racing Team from 2003 until 2007, and Perkins Engineering in 2008.
He is also a test driver for the Williams Formula One team, having previously worked in a similar role at McLaren.
Not to be confused with the Australian MotoGP rider Jack Miller.
He continues to be a partner in his law firm Sauce & Tardy in Noblesville, Indiana.
His 11 wins at Riverhead Raceway spanned from June 30, 1978 to June 6, 1992.
Morris won Australia's premier Touring car race, the Bathurst 1000 in 1976.
The Silvia would be driven by Naoto until he became one of the Kumakubo led Team Orange drivers.
In 2003 Taylor moved to the American Infiniti Pro Series.
Larrison drove in three more oval races later in the season for the team with a best finish of ninth and finished 14th in points.
Craig Lowndes OAM is an Australian racing driver competing in the Supercars Championship.
He was nominated for the Gold Logie, for most popular television personality in 2017.
He became the first Polish driver to compete in Formula One.
Menninga started in the Barber Dodge Pro Series where he raced from 1995 to 1997, winning a race and finishing fourth in points his final year.
Hector Victor Honoré Jr., was an American racecar driver, mechanic and owner.
He continued to race in the professional ranks in 2002 driving part-time in the American Le Mans Series in the GT class.
He is an alumnus of Burke Mountain Academy and Babson College.
Kent didn't start his own racing team, Stotz Racing, until 1992.
He also had podium finishes at Long Beach and Detroit.
He was one of the pioneer NASCAR SuperTruck Series drivers.
Joey has distinguished himself as one of the greatest sprint car drivers of his generation.
He was runner-up in the 1995 Championship to Jaki Scheckter.
He was a judge of the Indiana Circuit Court for 15 years, from 1975 to 1990.
He was the 2007 series champion for the HSV Dealer Team and is a three-time winner in Australia's most prestigious motor race, the Bathurst 1000.
He won the 1953 24 Hours of Le Mans and participated in three Formula One World Championship Grands Prix.
He has competed in such series as the Italian Formula Three Championship and was runner-up in 2009.
He holds the record for the most wins at the 24 Hours of Le Mans with nine, six of which were consecutive.
In 1932 he won non-championship Provence Grand Prix and was third in Casablanca and Nîmes Grand Prix.
Bell was born in Mountain View, California.
He raced a 1924 Miller 122 converted to a supercharged 91 cubic inch per indy rules.
After finishing school, he attended Moscow Institute of Economics Management and Law, from where he graduated at the top of his class.
Fred Belcher was an American racecar driver who competed in the first Indianapolis 500.
For 2008, Beretta moved to Europe to race in the Euroseries 3000 championship, teaming up with Nicolas Prost and Luiz Razia at ELK Motorsport.
Said was the first American to win a road race in Europe after World War II – the 1953 Rouen Grand Prix.
Andrea Caldarelli is an Italian racing driver.
He upgraded to a Race National 'A' Licence in 2012 and campaigned a Porsche 944 S2 and a Porsche 968 Clubsport.
Michael "Mike" Lanigan is an entrepreneur and IndyCar Series team owner.
He raced in the British Formula Three Championship in 2008 in the Championship Class for Fortec Motorsport.
Pierre Gasly is a French formula racing driver, who was the 2014 Formula Renault 3.5 Series runner-up and the 2016 GP2 Series champion.
Tander also owns a motor racing team TanderSport, with his wife, fellow racing driver Leanne Tander.
He was the 2003 Formula RUS champion.
He is the son of Richard Cregan, who was the team manager of the Toyota Formula One team.
Matthew Chase Brabham is an American/Australian racing driver, best known for being the 2013 champion of the Pro Mazda Championship.
Katsutomo Kaneishi is a Japanese racing driver.
Emmanuel Clérico is a French racing driver.
He returned to his native United States in 1992 to compete in the Indy Lights series where he finished 6th in his rookie season.
Endicott was killed in a dirt oval practice crash.
First it was Minis, then Ford Anglias and Escorts; BMW CSs and then Porsche 911s.
He then participated as a team owner until selling the business and retiring permanently in 2005.
He is the fastest Monster Truck Driver at 10.701.
He competed in the United States Auto Club Stock Cars in the 1950s through 1970s.
He returned to Indianapolis in 1930 to drive in relief for Leslie Allen.
Kenneth James Smith MBE is a New Zealand motor racing driver, who won the New Zealand Grand Prix in 1976, 1990, and 2004.
Villeneuve was inducted into Canada's Walk of Fame in 1998.
He was 24 years old at the time.
He raced in Formula One in 1989 and 1990, until a serious crash during qualifying at the Jerez circuit ended his Formula One career.
He began his career in the French Renault 5 Turbo Championship in 1986 and 1987 then competed in French Formula Three from 1988 to 1989.
Martin has had wide experience racing in European based open-wheel series since 2006.
He started his career in his homeland of France, before moving on to international series.
He won the premiere event in sprint car racing, the Knoxville Nationals, in 1998, 2001, 2003 and 2004.
Most of his racing career was spent driving saloon cars, mainly as a privateer in the British Touring Car Championship.
His wife survived the sinking of the Vestris.
After finishing runner-up to Petter Solberg by one point in 2003, Loeb took his first drivers' title in 2004.
Aytaç Biter is a Turkish auto racing driver.
He started the race from the front row three times and won the pole in 1946.
Kirill Sergeyevich Ladygin is a Russian auto racing driver.
Fraser was considered by many to be one of the best stock car racers in Canada.
Bruno Besson is a French racing driver.
His career has seen him competing in the SCCA Formula Ford competition from 1973-1976 in local as well as National events.
Kaan Önder, is a Turkish driver driver from Istanbul, Turkey.
Stan Wattles, is a former driver in the Indy Racing League.
Thiago Medeiros is a Brazilian racing driver.
Álvaro Parente is a Portuguese professional racing driver.
Chuck Rodee was an American racecar driver.
Hillenburg Motorsports purchased two Firestone Indy Lights cars in November 2011 for Wills to compete in that series in 2012.
Adrián Campos Jr. is a Spanish racing driver.
He took his final major victories, the 1997 Le Mans 24 Hours and 2001 Sebring 12 Hours, with German manufacturers Porsche and Audi respectively.
Bradley "Buzz" Calkins Jr. is a former Indy Racing League driver.
His first rounds were at Brands Hatch in April, 2011.
Caracciola raced for Mercedes-Benz during their original dominating Silver Arrows period, named after the silver colour of the cars, and set speed records for the firm.
Champ Car series during his career from 1987, winning the Michigan 500 in 1992 and 1994.
However, he left the series after the second Sepang race weekend.
Alessandro Bonetti is an Italian racing driver.
In 2006 he finished 2nd in the championship, again his consistency playing part with only one win but 10 podium finishes.
PAXCON® was used by the U.S. Government to cover 60% of the damage to the Pentagon following the 9/11 attacks.
Vasser was the last American to win the Champ Car championship.
He has competed in such series as the Porsche Supercup, Le Mans Series and FIA World Endurance Championship.
After karting, he began racing in Brazilian Formula Renault 2.0 in 2005 and continued in the series in 2006, finishing 19th in points.
For many years, Harkey, worked with Champion Spark Plug’s safety program.
She competed in the IndyCar series, with eleven CART and five Indy Racing League starts to her name.
He finished third in 1932 and 1939 and completed the 1941 race without making a pit stop, finishing fifth.
Deegan was the first ever to do a 360 in competition; he named the trick the "Mulisha Twist".
Eugene "Gene" Haustein was an American racecar driver.
Cliff Woodbury was an American racecar driver.
1986 saw Olson continue in IMSA GTP with Dyson and Preston Henn fielding his entries.
He now runs his own team, Bridger Motorsport, as well as racing part-time.
Newton was named Britain's Top Entrepreneur by Management Today magazine in 2005.
Oliver Jarvis is a British professional racing driver from England currently racing in the Blancpain GT Series Endurance Cup for Bentley.
He currently competes in the Ginetta GT4 Supercup Championship , driving for Rob Boston Racing in a Ginetta G55 GT4 sponsored by Whitley Neill Gin.
In 2011, he decided to make the switch to Corvette Racing.
Liam McMillan is a British auto racing driver.
Matteo Davenia is a racing driver from Italy.
Leonide Albert Lariviere was an American racecar driver.
He currently competes in the ADAC GT Masters championship.
He was evidently still active in high-level amateur SCCA racing as of 2006.
The 1968 games were notable as he competed against another racing driver-come-bobsledder, Robin Widdows.
Mahler was presented with the American Auto Racing Writers and Broadcasters Association Jigger Award for the driver with the most hard luck.
His first team was with T. J. Hofmeister on the Mr.
He has competed in the Macau Hotel Fortuna Trophy from 2000 to 2003 with a best finish of fourth in 2003.
That was his last professional racing appearance.
In 2013 he founded the Wierczuk Race Promotion Foundation which supports the most talented drivers in their careers.
In 2015, he was appointed at a test driver at Lotus F1 Team.
In 2010 he made his debut at the 24 Hours of Le Mans and won his class in 2010, 2011 and 2012.
He was named to an entry for the 1996 Indianapolis 500, but the car failed to appear.
He was killed in practice for a dirt track race at Legion Ascot Speedway in California.
His car uses mostly off the shelf parts.
Hughie Hughes was a British racecar driver who participated in the 1911 Indianapolis 500 and the 1912 Indianapolis 500.
He is a former American Le Mans Series Rookie-of-the-Year winner who claimed four wins and multiple podium finishes in ALMS competition.
He competed in the 2012 GP3 Series season for Atech CRS Grand Prix.
He died as a passenger in a private testing incident in October 2013, at a raceway in Queensland, Australia.
Alan L. Wilson is a South African designer of motorsports road course race tracks.
A year later Kohlert qualified for the 1928 Indianapolis 500 and finished 13th.
Later, Robbie became the general manager for Roush Fenway at the end of 2007, leaving Matt Kenseth.
Eftihios “Tio” Ellinas is a Cypriot race car driver.
Charles Keene was an American racecar driver active during the formative years of the auto racing.
He has competed in such series as Deutsche Tourenwagen Meisterschaft and the German Formula Three Championship.
His best finish in his 49 CART races was an 8th place that came in his second series start back in 1983 at Laguna Seca Raceway.
He competed in the Italian Formula Three Championship from 1981 to 1983 without a podium finish.
Richard "Dick" Johnson is a part-owner of the V8 Supercar team DJR Team Penske and a former racing driver.
Edoardo Liberati is an Italian professional racing driver.
He competes in the PASS North Series.
He currently races at Lebanon Valley Speedway  in Lebanon Valley, New York and at Albany-Saratoga Speedway in Malta, New York.
For 2002 he made the move up to the BTCC with Gary Ayles Motorsport in the Production class.
Banks has recorded 27 career race wins and 3 championships.
Both drivers were thrown from their vehicles, and although Farina escaped with only cuts and bruises Hartmann's spine was broken.
In the B-Class, which is better-known as the Copa F300, Llobell would win the title.
The team closed at the end of the year from a lack of sponsorship.
He made 13 starts his rookie year and finished 20th in series points for Machinists Union Racing.
He drives a Honda-powered car for Team Mugen in the 2017 Super Formula Championship.
14 Holden VF Commodore for Brad Jones Racing.
In 2014–15 he competed in the inaugural season of the FIA Formula E Championship, driving for Trulli GP, a team he founded himself.
The number is a show of support for the estimated 28 million people living with cancer worldwide.
He is the son of the retired Formula One driver Eddie Cheever.
For 2016, she plans to race a 2015 Chevrolet Corvette in the top ranks of the SCCA Pro Racing Trans Am TA3I class.
Robert "Rob" Bunker III is an American race car driver from Bridgewater, New Jersey.
Champion of the former Série nationale Castrol LMS Quebec in 2005.
He won the WEC championship in GT category in 2015 and in the same year he won the 24H of Le Mans in the same class.
Randy Thomas Lanier is a professional race car driver and convicted drug trafficker from the United States.
Luyendyk won a total of seven Indy car races, including three in the CART series, all of them on ovals.
From the 2005 Turkish Grand Prix he was the third driver with Minardi, appearing in Friday practice sessions for the next three Grand Prix weekends.
He currently competes in Super GT for Nakajima Racing.
Ren Wei is a Chinese businessman and racing driver who currently competes in the FIA GT1 World Championship for Exim Bank Team China Porsche.
Again winning three races and finishing in the top five positions in 90% of events.
"Eric" Kwong Hoi Fung is an auto racing driver from Hong Kong.
He raced in the 1976-1978 seasons, with 17 career starts, including the 1977 Indianapolis 500.
In 2016, he began racing in Red Bull Global Rallycross Lites with CORE autosport beginning in Seattle.
He made his Indy Lights debut the following season with Belardi Auto Racing in the Freedom 100.
Kelly Tanner is an American stock car racing driver.
He is married with one son, Luca.
He started 2008 without a drive, but joined BTC Racing as their test and reserve driver early in the season.
Roy Richter was the founder of Bell Helmets in California in 1954 and he also founded Cragar Industries.
He is the 2011 FIA Formula Two champion.
Don Davis was an American racecar driver.
Bas Schouten in Hoorn is a Dutch auto racing driver.
They finished 3rd behind the other GT1 and the winning WSC-95 of Joest racing.
He gained test driver experience during the 2008 Superleague Formula season.
Brabham is a third-generation racing driver; he is the son of Geoff Brabham and the grandson of three time Formula One World Champion Sir Jack Brabham.
For 2014, Karthikeyan has signed up with Team Impul, to race in the Japanese Super Formula series.
Tim Slade is an Australian motor racing driver.
Esteban Guerrieri is an Argentine racing driver.
He suffered a broken shoulder and riding mechanic Matlock suffered a broken pelvis.
With 10 total medals, he is the only rider to compete in at least 1 event in every X Games.
Mikkel Jensen is a Danish racing driver.
He has a petroleum engineering degree from Louisiana State University and has worked as an engineer and drilling supervisor for Mobil Oil.
Franck Fréon then ventured into endurance car racing, driving marginally competitive LMP vehicles in the 24 Hours of Le Mans from 1995 to 1999.
Before the 2010 Dakar Rally Sports Illustrated published this article
Mattias Ekström is a racing driver from Sweden.
Vasser won the 1996 IndyCar season championship with Chip Ganassi Racing, and scored ten victories in the series.
"Peter" Kreis was an American racecar driver.
Jerónimo António Badaraco Belem is a Macanese racing driver currently competing in the Macau Touring Car Championship.
René Binder is an Austrian racing driver.
Graham Robert Rahal is an American race car driver.
Matt competed in the 2007 X Games XIII where he traded tenths of seconds with eventual winner, Tanner Foust.
He was also the champion of the Classic Endurance Racing series in his Porsche 917.
He never led a lap in any of his IRL races.
He won the Skusa SUPERNATS kart finals in Las Vegas in 2004.
Fabio Fabiani is an Italian auto racing driver.
Matthew "Matt" Parry is a British racing driver who is competing in his second season of GP3 Series.
He currently lives on Pikes Peak selling real estate in the area and driving in the annual Hillclimb in the Super Stock Car category.
Boyd also won the Walter Hayes Trophy in 2014 and won the Formula Ford Festival for a second time in 2015.
Noel Jammal was a karting enthusiast at an early age.
Starting last on the 25 car grid, he finished the race 7 laps down in 15th.
O'Donnell died of injuries sustained in a crash during a BAA race.
This feat would not be repeated until Pancho Carter in 1985.
Randall "Randy" Bernard is the former CEO of Professional Bull Riders and IndyCar.
In 1937 he purchased Norm Batten's Miller Fengler/Junior 8 from Batten's widow.
He currently runs his own team, Bryan Herta Autosport in the Verizon IndyCar Series.
The shop specializes in custom paint jobs for helmets, race cars, and motorcycles.
On February 9, 2007 Erkut announced that he would be competing in the full BTCC championship in 2007, in an ex VX Racing Astra Sport Hatch.
Eddie Miller was an American racecar driver.
He currently competes in the World Touring Car Championship, driving a BMW 320 TC for the Wiechers-Sport team.
He has worked for several television networks, including Seven and Ten, mostly serving as a presenter.
He raced in International Formula 3000 from 1994-1995.
Bob Berridge is a British racing driver.
He is also the son of Rick Galles, former team owner of Galles Racing.
Bickford was born in Napa, California to parents Tom and Teresa Bickford.
He made 5 starts in the Indianapolis 500 with a best finish of 10th in 1981, his next best finish being a 12th in 1984.
During two years with the generally uncompetitive team, Webber qualified on the front two rows of the grid several times and outperformed his teammates.
Query now owns a Track Operation Industry in Mooresville.
He won the 1987 IMSA Camel GT series championship and the 1987 24 Hours of Daytona in a Nissan.
After an ill-fated move to NASCAR in 2008 Franchitti returned to IndyCar in 2009, driving for Chip Ganassi Racing.
The film stars William Powell and Myrna Loy as Nick and Nora Charles; Nick is a hard-drinking, retired private detective, and Nora is a wealthy heiress.
George Fouché grew up on his father's brick factory, and by the age of 6 he was able to drive a bulldozer.
Cary took part in the first four races of the 1986 International Formula 3000 season but only qualified for one race, finishing 21st at Silverstone.
Then came a period he would rather forget, finishing the 2002 and 2003 seasons well outside of the top ten.
In 2001, he competed in 4 Indy Racing League contests for McCormack Motorsports.
She is also featured in Richard Hammond's Crash Course.
Bond reached the highest levels in Australian motorsport in 1969 when he was recruited by Harry Firth to the newly formed Holden Dealer Team.
Jimmy Wilburn was an American racecar driver from Los Angeles.
Hiroyuki "Hiro" Matsushita, is a former driver in the Champ Car series.
Marcos Giffoni de Melo Gomes is a Brazilian racing driver.
Ollie Hancock is a British racing driver.
In 2011 he signed on with defending Firestone Indy Lights series champions Sam Schmidt Motorsports to race in Indy Lights.
The next season, he made it to his first final in Englishtown.
Rusty Mitchell is an American racing driver from Midland, Texas.
Jack Harvey is a British auto racing driver, and a former member of McLaren's Young Driver Programme.
Matt finished a very credible 6th in the Independents Trophy and 12th overall.
Their wire-haired fox terrier Asta is played by canine actor Skippy.
He finished 8th in the main championship in 1999 while also finishing 4th in European Formula Ford that year.
After one more season in the #69 Fxdd Mazda RX-8, both Jeff and Emil moved on to Ferrari 458 Italia Grand Am for the 2012 season.
Isaac Tutumlu Lopez is a Spanish racing driver.
Rees is currently competing in the 2016 Porsche Mobil 1 Supercup.
In 1992 Mi-Jack began sponsoring cars competing in CART and the Indianapolis 500.
Jono Lester is a racing driver from New Zealand, currently competing in Japanese Super GT with Gulf Racing, driving a Porsche 911 GT3-R.
He made his ADAC Formula 4 debut in 2015, partnering Mick Schumacher, son of world champion driver Michael Schumacher, at Van Amersfoort Racing.
Augusto Farfus Jr. is a Brazilian BMW factory driver.
Richard Hawken is a British racing driver currently competing in the British Touring Car Championship.
Howard Fuller is a British auto racing driver.
From 1980–1983 Costanzo won a record four Australian Drivers' Championship in a row, equalling the record set by Bib Stillwell from 1962–1965.
"Sam" Lok Chi Kit is a Hong Kong racing driver currently competing in the TCR Asia Series.
He is the son of retired racer Rocky Moran.
She is the daughter of former Swiss karting champion Kurt Allemann and the sister of fellow racing driver Ken Allemann.
Robert Franklin "Butch" Leitzinger is a professional racing driver.
In the 1980s, Crichton was a regular competitor in Australian touring car racing.
By 2003, he had secured three national event wins.
33 Aston Martin DBR9 – with ex-F1 Driver Karl Wendlinger as his team-mate.
In 2009 and 2010 he raced full-time for IMSA Performance at the International GT Open together with Raymond Narac in a Super GT class Porsche 911.
His brother Cruz Pedregon is the 1992 and 2008 NHRA Mello Yello Series Funny Car Champion.
He is best known for competing in the FIA World Touring Car Championship.
Anthony Beltoise is a French auto racing driver.
Among other notable awards won by Dixon are the Jim Clark Trophy and the Bruce McLaren Trophy.
Jean-Philippe Dayraut is a French auto racing driver.
Brian Bonner, is a former driver in the CART Championship Car series.
Oliver Oakes is a British motor racing driver, and was the 2005 World Karting champion, the highest category for kart racing.
He works as an executive advisor for Team Mugen since 2014.
Krohn founded W&T Offshore with $12,000 in 1983.
While he drove in numerous races on pavement, he only attempted the Indianapolis 500 once in 1967 and failed to make the field.
In 2007 he won the Super GT 500 championship, in the ARTA NSX with Ralph Firman.
Roth was a successful land developer in the Toronto area before becoming involved in professional motorsports.
In 2004 and 2005 he raced in the All Japan Grand Touring Car Championship for Toyota.
This was his first full season in the top V8 series in Australia.
Mike Nish, as well as his father Terry and brothers Jeff and T. J. have successfully broken 14 different world land speed records over the years.
He was also promoted twice the Best Bulgarian Racing Driver award in the two years in which he raced in national championships.
Frayer died at Robinson Memorial Hospital, Ravenna, Ohio on July 25, 1938 following an operation for appendicitis.
He became the first driver to reach 300 Grand Prix entries and 300 starts, doing so in 2010.
He currently operates an LPG conversion and importing business – LPGricey Tanks.
Litespeed applied to compete in the 2010 Formula One season but was refused entry.
On January 16, 2016, he died in Indianapolis at the age of 85.
She was the first woman to win a Sports Car Club of America national championship.
Plet switched to sports car racing in 2007, and was crowned Porsche Carrera Cup France champion with IMSA Performance.
He suffered a big spin in the race coming up to the start/finish straight on lap 31 and scored no championship points.
He also competed in the 24 Hours of Daytona in 2005, 2008 and 2009.
In 2007, Larry Perkins promoted Price to the main series in the Jack Daniel's Racing VE Commodore.
Also that season, he drove in the Stasis Audi A4 in Speed World Challenge Touring Car, racing against old teammate Randy Pobst.
Brandon Bernstein is an American Drag Racer, and son of NHRA Legend Kenny Bernstein.
The shop has done work for several Indy 500 winners, IndyCar, and NHRA Champions, as well as amateur racers.
Richard Singleton is a British racing driver.
In 2013, Wood won the 2013 Long Beach Toyota Celebrity Race with Adam Carolla winning in the Pro Category who Wood says taught him the course.
He was nicknamed "Double-O" Joe Gosek for his traditional use of car number '00.'
Joe Shear was an American stock car racing driver from Clinton, Wisconsin.
Overton Phillips was an American racecar driver.
In 2005 he switched to Formula Renault 3.5 Series, finishing 11th having missed three rounds.
He has competed in such series as Euroseries 3000 and the European F3 Open Championship.
He debuted in the Indy Racing League IndyCar Series in 1997 and has competed in 34 IndyCar races, including five Indianapolis 500s.
His best finish was 2nd place in the 1995 Vancouver race.
Gurr was a young karting star who graduated through the ranks to V8 Supercars with immediate results winning on debut in the V8 Development series.
Stéphane Richelmi is a professional racing driver from Monaco.
He switched to the Funny Car class in 2000 to join Foxen Canyon with Alan Johnson and Gary Scelzi.
He raced in the 1998-2000 seasons with 13 career starts, including 3 at the Indianapolis 500.
He has competed in such series as International Formula 3000, Formula Nippon, Porsche Supercup and the FIA GT Championship.
At one point in his desert racing career, Roberts won 27 consecutive desert races, earning him the unofficial nickname of King of the Desert.
Primarily a sprint car driver, the 1933 Indy 500 was his only Championship Car experience.
In the 1980s and 1990s, he also worked for the motorsports program American Sports Cavalcade.
Barazi and his team competed at Le Mans every year up to and including 2009.
Franck Montagny is a French professional racing driver.
In 2011 he will compete in the World Touring Car Championship  driving for Corsa Motorsport.
His racing career started very late, at the age of 15.
Johnson also served as a performance driving instructor at Brainerd International Raceway in Brainerd, Minnesota.
In a return to karting for the 2011 season, he won the Rotax World Championship in the DD2 Masters class.
He represented Portugal many times in the EFDA Nations Cup.
He is best known for having competed in the British Touring Car Championship, he made his début on 2 October 2011 at Brands Hatch.
For the final race of the year, Battistini left the Panther team to race for Team Moore Racing.
Founded in 2006, team owner Jim Haughey partnered with Bob Raub, bringing a team of Porsche 911 GT3s to the track.
Dennis Retera is a Dutch racing driver currently competing in the International GT Open.
Kristian is a driver coach for Fast Track Racing, Mercedes-Benz, Lexus, Aston Martin and Australian Formula Ford team Evans Motorsport Group.
Francesco Bracotti is a professional racing driver from Italy who competes in single seaters.
Alexandre Imperatori is a Swiss racing driver but lives in Shanghai, China.
He died when he crashed his private plane, after what witnesses described as "stunting", into an apartment building, killing eight residents including a two-month-old baby.
Hall competed in the inaugural 1911 Indianapolis 500 in a Velie.
He had a long running karting career, a milestone was winning the 1998 British Championship.
Shirley van der Lof is a female racing driver from the Netherlands, and grand daughter of former Formula One-driver Dries van der Lof.
He has competed regularly since 2003, winning his first round at round 4 2004 which was held at Pukekohe Park Raceway.
He founded Triton Trailers in Hartford, Wisconsin.
Gareth Howell is a British racing driver, and multiple British Touring Car Championship race winner from 2000 to 2008.
He holds the USAC career wins record with 159 victories, and the American championship racing career wins record with 67.
He finished in the top ten 12 times, with his best finish in 3rd position in 1985 at Michigan.
For Rod Anderson, a Canadian writer and musician, see Rod Anderson
Since 2001 he has been competing in the NZ V8s exclusively, winning the series in 03/04 and 04/05, and consistently placing in the top 6.
In 1999, he competed in the Indianapolis 500 on behalf of Cheever Racing, finishing 23rd.
Ben Lievesley Collins is a racing car driver from Bristol, England.
His best career CART finish was 7th, in the U.S. 500 at Michigan International Speedway.
He stayed in the series for another year, this time finishing 4th in the championship.
He also previously competed in the GP2 Series, the GP2 Asia Series, and Formula One from 2009 to 2012, and in 2014.
Justin Sofio is an American racing driver from Arleta, California.
He also drove in a one-off race in the SEAT León Eurocup at Brands Hatch.
He was involved in accidents in five of his six starts before he was dropped in favor of Townsend Bell.
Chris Raudman is an American stock car racing driver.
Ron Shuman is an American sprint car race driver from Tempe, Arizona.
He currently resides in Indianapolis and works in the retail automobile business.
James Walker is a professional racing driver from Great Britain.
During the mid-late 1990's, Saldana also raced in Australia in the World Series Sprintcars, racing for popular South Australian based former driver Bill Barrows.
Collins was placed second in the Marlboro Masters Formula 3 championship event in 2000.
He previously was race director for the Formula Atlantic, F2000, and F1600 race series.
Bill Cummings nicknamed "Wild Bill", won the 1934 Indianapolis 500.
Ira Hall was an American racecar driver.
After one year far of races, in 2011, Hoover returned on the Trofeo Linea Brasil, but, abandoned the category after losing his sponsorship.
Vytautas Švedas is a Lithuanian rally driver, currently driving for Juta Racing in Lithuanian Rally Championship.
He has gone on to score points in every year since, though has never quite matched his original success.
Oliver "Oli" James Webb is a British auto racing driver.
Jack Miller, usually known as Dr. Jack Miller, raced in the Indy Racing League from 1997 to 2001 and the Indianapolis 500 from 1997 to 1999.
After racing in karts, Palttala began racing cars in the Finnish Touring Car Championship in 1998.
In the quarterfinal, he bested Carl Frizzell’s E/MP Camaro with a 10.66 and former Winternationals winner Fred Teixeira’s B/Gas Corvette with a 10.49.
Ferenc Ficza Jr. is a Hungarian racing driver currently competing in the European Touring Car Cup.
He later became a dynamic Christian, who, until his catastrophic accident, was working toward creating a ranch in western Montana for troubled youth.
He competed in and won the IMSA Lites Championship in 2007, the Star Mazda Championship in 2006, and the Skip Barber National Championship in 2005.
Neal Bates is an Australian rally and racing car driver.
Larry Hedrick is a North Carolina-born businessman and former NASCAR team owner.
Latif is the youngest race winner of a VdeV Proto Endurance race.
Dale Whittington, was an American racing driver.
He finished third in the 1979 24 Hours of Daytona with co-drivers Rick Mears and Monte Shelton.
Ken Murillo is a former racing driver from Santa Rosa, California.
On October 8, 2007, Nish attempted to break the world land speed record for carbureted vehicles set in 1965, but his engine failed after 30 seconds.
He competed in the British Touring Car Championship in 2009 and currently competes in the British GT Championship, winning the 2015 championship.
A different car was sent however, but despite it being a relatively standard sports model it was a supercharged for racing version of the Austin 7.
Daniil Yuryevich Move is a Russian race car driver.
He moved to the main championship in 2009 and finished 15th in points.
Ron was a regular on the World of Outlaws sprint car series for a number of years 1979-1987.
He is a former World Touring Car Championship driver, who made his debut in 2014.
Mitchell currently races in the New Zealand GT3 Porsche Cup.
He made 10 other starts, with a 10th-place finish at Phoenix, finishing 22nd in points.
Rickard Rydell is a retired Swedish racing driver.
He also beat future F1 World Champion Fernando Alonso, then 19, in the 2000 International Formula 3000 season.
Nil Montserrat is a Spanish racing driver.
Jasper's best finish was an 18th place in his final start, the Miller 200 at The Milwaukee Mile.
Erik Janiš is Czech racing driver, currently driving in International Formula Master.
In 2012 he continued with Juncos Racing but moved up to the Firestone Indy Lights series, the next step in IndyCar's Mazda Road to Indy program.
Doornbos then drove for Minardi Team USA in the 2007 and final season of the Champ Car World Series.
Mike Bushell is a British racing driver.
Herbert Ernest "Zeke" Meyer was an American racecar driver.
Sean Gelael is an Indonesian racing driver.
Pete drove for Ford/Roush from 1986 through 1989 and won six Trans Am races and four GTO races winning the 1989 GTO championship.
In 1950, he drove the first streamliner powered by a Flathead Ford to go over 200 mph.
10 Target-sponsored Dallara DW12-Ilmor-Chevrolet Indy V6 for Target Chip Ganassi Racing, beginning in the 2014 season.
Having previously competed in the Porsche Carrera Cup Asia, Lamborghini Super Trofeo Asia and GT Asia Series amongst others.
He then joined various one make categories with great success.
Juan Diego Piedrahita Cortes is a Colombian racing driver.
He previously competed in the Peugeot 206 Cup.
He also finished runner-up in the American Le Mans Series LMP1 class with his own de Ferran Motorsports.
He graduated from Henrico High School in 1985 and married the next year.
There were thirty-three cars in the field, but not everyone who entered in 1974 had a chance to qualify.
He raced in the 1993 CART season, with 8 career starts.
Roberto José Guerrero Isaza is a former racing driver from Colombia.
Antron Brown is an American drag racer, currently driving the Matco Tools Toyota for Don Schumacher Racing in NHRA's Top Fuel division.
Loeb is a tarmac expert, having won all but three WRC rallies on that surface since 2005.
For 2015, Nunez factory driver for Mazda Motorsports / SpeedSource in the Mazda SKYACTIV diesel prototype.
He impressed people with his second-place effort only to be behind Joey Logano at the Toyota All-Star Showdown at Toyota Speedway after starting on the pole.
In the six races he competed in, he took three class podiums to finish 6th in the standings.
David Fumanelli is an Italian racing driver.
He fielded cars for Darrell Waltrip, Rich Bickle, David Green, and Johnny Benson.
Altfrid Heger is a German racing driver who competed in the 1987 World Touring Car Championship.
He has founded a racing school for ice racing.
His best finish was 12th place at Pocono Raceway in 1974.
Gary Porter is an American monster-truck driver that races on the United States Hot Rod Association circuit.
Mark Proctor is a British former racing driver who competed in a wide range of championships.
Away from Formula 1, Chiappe has also had success in endurance powerboat racing, having won multiple classes at the 24 Hours of Rouen event.
He died in a crash in the Autódromo Juan Manuel Fangio in Balcarce.
All the time he ran an Automotive Dealership in St. Charles Illinois which sold Nash and Ford cars.
He won the 1938 Indianapolis 500 with a then-record speed of 117.2 mph.
29 car when Sebastian Saavedra quit mid-race weekend.
Will Davison is an Australian professional racing driver.
Lanigan founded a division of his father's company, Mi-Jack Construction Equipment in Indianapolis in 1973.
Raffaele "Lello" Marciello is a professional Italian racing driver and former member of the Ferrari Driver Academy.
Ron Cox, is a driver in the ARCA RE/MAX Series.
Casale also took part in the 2010 Dakar Rally with his father, competing in the Trucks category.
The field had slowed and Vitolo ran into the rear of Mansell's car on the warm-up lane between turns 1 and 2.
In addition, he won the 2013 24 Hours of Daytona.
While retired from full-time competition McConville still races occasionally and is an in-demand endurance event co-driver.
In 2006 he moved to the Star Mazda Series and finished 10th in points with one victory.
Schatz moved to 358 sprints and The World of Outlaws series three seasons later as an 18-year-old.
He has competed in both domestic and international races.
After years of only driving at Daytona, Pace returned to regular drives in the Rolex Sports Car Series GT class in 2007.
He won the 1987 Australian Formula 2 Championship driving a Cheetah Mk8.
His last Indy start was in 1987.
He began racing part-time in 2005 and 2006 and has since retired from racing.
He is best known for being one of the most successful drivers in history of the Toyota Racing Series.
He is currently a commentator for ITV Sport's coverage support races on the TOCA Tour.
Vetrock returned to Can-Am, eventually retiring in the late 1980s and Ervin retired from race team ownership.
Hwang Jin-Woo is a South Korean auto racing driver.
His fifth place was good enough for 19th in the championship.
The first title being in 2010 with driver Larry Dixon, then in 2011 with driver Del Worsham, and again in 2013 with driver Shawn Langdon.
He has competed in such series as the Italian Formula Three Championship, the FIA GT Championship and the FIA GT3 European Championship.
In 2015 he was crowned World Endurance Champion for GT drivers.
Team LS Management is the new sponsorship team around Lasse.
Michael John Soong is a Hong Kong racing driver previously competing in the China Touring Car Championship.
Robbie was the crew chief in the NASCAR Sprint Cup Series for Roush Fenway Racing team driver Matt Kenseth.
Also in 2006 he got a GT2 class win at the 2006 1000 km of Nürburgring on a GPC Ferrari.
Sellers won the title in the USF2000 in 2002 and later competed in the Atlantic Championship and sports cars.
The driver switched to the Blancpain Endurance Series for 2013, continuing as a Hexis driver.
Takuma Sato is a Japanese professional racing driver.
Miguel Molina González is a professional racing driver from Spain.
He is currently racing in the Porsche Carrera Cup Asia for Team Jebsen.
A native of Toledo, Ohio, Beale was the 1973 United States Auto Club Sprint Car Series champion, claiming 32 feature race wins in his career.
Now retired, he competed in the CART IndyCar Series.
No longer racing full-time, Canto now runs a performance driving school.
He also ran the DC Cook Direct dealership, prior to his death in a car crash in 2005.
He drove in the USAC Championship Car series, racing in the 1960–1961 seasons with 7 starts, including the 1961 Indianapolis 500.
Al Aspen was an American racecar driver.
His last win was at the Silverstone exhibition event in his old S15, that year was to be his last season in the series.
In 2011 he is competing in the U.S. F2000 National Championship for JDC Motorsports as part of the Road to Indy.
Egor Orudzhev is a Russian racing driver.
Aaron Lim is a Malaysian racing driver.
Cooper was killed in a race in West Des Moines.
He has achieved five wins in the Monster Energy NASCAR Cup Series, with Juan Pablo Montoya, Clint Bowyer, and Ricky Stenhouse Jr .
Adrian "Ace" Carrio is an American race car driver from Monument, Colorado.
Sharp is best known for his years as a competitor in the Indy Racing League.
In 2017, Ferrari has reached a technical and racing agreement with Alessandro Pier Guidi.
He began off-road racing at the legendary Baja 2000.
Chip Robinson is a retired race car driver.
Jon Fogarty is an American racing driver, who competes in the United SportsCar Championship for GAINSCO/Bob Stallings Racing.
Pane was employed as a stunt double in the film by Ron Howard's Rush as a stunt driver for actor Daniel Brühl.
He made his debut in the British Touring Car Championship on 31 March 2013 at Brands Hatch, driving for RCIB Insurance Racing.
In 2009, he made a comeback but now to rally, and competed in Rally X at X-Games 15 and won Gold.
He has returned to the series in 2013.
Lazier began to drive only at the Indianapolis 500 in 2007 and continued to enter the Indianapolis 500 through 2009.
David Loney Bruce-Brown was an American racecar driver.
Rick Miaskiewicz is a former American race car driver from Pittsburgh.
Manheim Auctions joined the team as sponsor for 1993 with Dick Trickle and Phil Parsons sharing driving duties.
He started eight times in the Indianapolis 500 and started 5th in 1924 driving a Miller.
He is best known for winning the Dakar Rally for a record 13 times.
Winston "Win" Percy is a former motor racing driver from England.
Josef Nicolai Newgarden is an American race car driver, who currently competes as a driver in the Verizon IndyCar Series.
He drove a Studebaker "special" that he designed and built.
He won the All-Japan Formula Three Championship in 2007.
In 2006, he was the runner up in the Southeast SCCA Formula Atlantic championship driving a Ralt RT41.
Yann Cunha is a Brazilian racing driver.
Jeff is the son of Formula One and Championship Car racer Ronnie Bucknum.
From 1977 to 1980, when British Leyland dropped out of U.S. racing, he won both the SCCA ProRally series and the North America Rally Championships.
Keen to remain with the team, he held Dan's pitboard for most of 2004.
After his body was removed, Cantlon's car was left resting against the wall until the end of the 200-lap race.
Known primarily as a sprint car driver, he also drove in the USAC Championship Car series, racing in the 1974 and 1976 seasons.
He is currently leading the 2017 FIA Formula 2 Championship.
In 1934, he entered the Indianapolis 500 again.
His early career involved an upbringing in karts and the Skip Barber National Championship.
He has competed in SCORE, NASCAR, Rally, Rally-Raid and other classes and competitions.
He returned to the series at Michigan International Speedway in July and ran two more races at the end of the year.
Kathy Rude is an American sports car driver who was one of the first female drivers to attract international attention.
He competed for YOURS Sports in the RX-7 at the JSS race at Fuji.
He continued in the series in 2007 as well as making his debut in the Italian Formula Three Championship.
Daniel Buxton is a British auto racing driver.
Marko Asmer is an Estonian racing driver, whose career in single seater junior formula is notable for his British Formula 3 Championship title in 2007.
He is not related to Naoki Hattori, whom he briefly raced against in CART.
Amato earned his first Top Fuel victory in Montreal in 1983.
Prior to NASCAR, he was part of the Formula BMW series.
Emanuele Zonzini is a racing driver from San Marino, currently competing in the GP3 Series with Trident Racing.
Andy Evans is an American retired racing driver.
Rick Huseman was an American race driver from Riverside, California.
For several years he was also a commentator for the Italian TV show Pole Position.
Arthur Klein was an American racecar driver.
Júlio Campos is a Brazilian auto racing driver.
Juan Antonio Delgado Navarro, better known as Juanan Delgado is a Spanish rally co-driver, in 2011 winner of the FIA Alternative Energies World Cup for co-drivers.
Matias Laine is a Finnish racing driver.
Series because of his straight, smooth and clean driving style.
Barringer made 17 Championship Car starts with a best finish of second at Springfield in August 1935 and Milwaukee in August 1939.
Daniel Lloyd is a British racing car driver and the 2009 champion of the Renault Clio UK Winter Cup.
He started his career in UK karting, before going to Germany to compete in the Formula BMW ADAC Series.
Garth Tander is a multiple-championship winning Australian motor racing driver currently competing in the Virgin Australia Supercars Championship, driving for Garry Rogers Motorsport.
O'Gara crashed out on lap two while running fifth.
Andrea Barlesi is a Belgian-Italian racing driver, but runs with a Belgian racing license.
He is currently competing in the FIA World Endurance Championship.
He currently competes in the Stock Car Brasil for the Bassani Racing team, driving by Peugeot.
After the sale of LINE-X to Graham Partners, Burtin founded Burtin Polymer Laboratories.
Below is a partial list of minor league baseball players in the Tampa Bay Rays system:
Born in Tucson, Arizona, Davis died in Dayton, Ohio as a result of injuries suffered in a sprint car race at New Bremen Speedway.
Since 2008 he has raced in the Superleague Formula and has raced for R.S.C.
He is also a longstanding racer in the FIA World Endurance Championship for Lotus Rebellion Racing.
He is also a former driver in the Indy Racing League.
He made his ETCC debut in 2013 and in 2016 finished 3rd in the Championship.
Keiko Ihara is a Japanese female race car driver.
For 2001 he was linked to Vauxhall for the main class, but chose to race in both the European Super Production Championship and the BTCC.
The driver won the Fuji round of the 2014 Asian Le Mans Series for Oak Racing, together with Ho-Pin Tung and David Cheng.
He and his wife have three children and reside in San Juan Capistrano in Orange County, California.
He raced in a number of events, including European Formula 2 and Le Mans 24 Hours.
Despite 2 seasons with relative success, the series folded at the end of the 1996 season, again leaving Franchitti without a drive.
He has competed in such series as Eurocup Formula Renault 2.0 and Porsche Carrera Cup Great Britain.
In 2007 he moved to the FIA GT Championship, driving a Maserati MC12.
Price is currently working in Austin, Texas with Moorespeed  as general manager.
He joined the British Touring Car Championship in 2011, driving for the family-run Dynojet Racing Team.
However, they blew their only race engine on the second day that the car was on track without completing a practice lap.
He raced in the Monster Energy NASCAR Cup Series from 1981 to 2013.
His off-road racing career began in 1974 with buggies and his career peaked in the premiere two-wheel-drive trophy trucks.
Nebiha Gueddana or Nabiha Gueddana, maiden name Ben Aissa, born January 26, 1949, is a doctor and a Tunisian politician.
He competed in the 2001 European Super Production Championship, driving a Honda Integra.
He is listed as a Ferrari 250 GTO owner.
Nearburg graduated from St. Mark's School of Texas in 1968 and later served on its Board of Trustees for 20 years.
Nicolas Lapierre is a French professional racing driver.
Ryan Verra is a Canadian entrepreneur and professional race car driver from Calgary.
He is the son of rally driver Peter Graf.
Mike Hiss is a former driver in the USAC Championship Car series.
He returned to the team late in the season to make four more starts.
He is buried at the Fairview Cemetery in Colorado Springs, Colorado.
In 2015 Lofamia run in the inaugural season of the Flat Out Race Series.
Later he formed off-road racing sanctioning bodies SCORE International and Mickey Thompson Entertainment Group.
Fábio Beretta Rossi, Jr. is a racing driver from Brazil.
He raced in the 24 Hours of Daytona in 2007 and 2008 for Matt Connelly Motorsports in their long-in-the-tooth Chase-Pontiac Daytona Prototype.
He has been racing motorcycles ever since he was 19.
He also has multiple wins at the Pikes Peak International Hill Climb.
In 2012, Mällinen finished second in the SCCA National Championship Runoffs driving a Swift Engineering TRD 014.a for Swan Racing.
He also led 889 laps in 13 separate races to establish an IndyCar Series record.
Angus Fogg is a championship winning New Zealand racecar driver who competes in the New Zealand V8SuperTourer Championship.
He competes in the DTM for BMW Team RMG.
He assumed the name "Howdy Wilcox II" to differentiate himself from the former.
The season was a struggle, with Carrio finishing 18th in points with only two top-ten finishes, a 6th at San Jose and a 7th at Edmonton.
Subsequently, he has had a successful motorsport career in a variety of categories.
In 2007 he entered the FIA World Touring Car Championship for two rounds at Brands Hatch in a SEAT León for the independent GR Asia Team.
In the 1912 Indianapolis 500 he served as a relief driver for Joe Dawson from lap 108 to 144.
As of January 2016 he holds the following records:
“I was ready to go into the lead when they called me in,” he later joked.
He often raced self-built cars, many under the name of Richardson Racing Automobiles, among them a modified pre-war Riley, and sports cars based on Aston Martins.
He enjoyed drifting, so he teamed up with E&H Motors to build a serious drift car for racing competitively.
He finished 5th in points in 2006 with a best finish of 2nd in the season opener at Homestead Miami Speedway.
Larry McCoy III, was an American race car driver in open wheel racing.
He was previously married to Gertrude Fannie Harbord Lytle who predeceased him on 23 May 1926 Warsaw, Indiana
Spencer E. Wishart was an American racecar driver.
He is the older brother of former Formula One driver Corrado Fabi.
Though he never knew whether he was any good until he began competing against other people.
He is most famous for winning the 1968 Hardie-Ferodo 500, defeating both the Holden and Ford factory teams.
In the 2012 Formula D Season, McNamara started at Long Beach in the Falken Tire Saturn Sky.
The car, however, achieved very little success and two years later Alboreto moved up to Formula Three.
Maksim "Max" Sergeyevich Snegirev is a Russian racing driver.
Pedro Henrique Nunes, also known as Pedro Enrique is a Brazilian racing driver.
The first time he saw the cars race through the world famous “corkscrew” section of the track, he knew he wanted to become a racing driver.
He is married to Laura, and has a young daughter.
Art Johnson (6-16-1888 Sioux City, Iowa – 8-27-1949, Dothan, Alabama, Findagrave.com was an American racecar driver.
He is the older brother of fellow V8 Supercar driver and former Bathurst 1000 winner, Rick Kelly.
Schatz started his racing career at 11 in go karts and moved to 410 sprints as a 15-year-old at Red River Valley Speedway.
In 2005 he joined the Indy Pro Series with J. L. West Motorsports but switched teams to Vision Racing after six races.
He qualified 4th  and finished 16th after an accident with teammate Alex Sims at Lisboa corner.
Kevin Gleason is an American racing driver currently competing in the TCR International Series.
Sherwood Johnston was an American racing driver who won racing titles on land and sea.
Geoffrion reached the final round 28 times in his career that spanned more than 200 races from 1987 through 2004.
He is the son of 1996 Formula One world champion Damon Hill and the grandson of two-time Formula One world champion Graham Hill.
Ken Fowler was an American racecar driver.
This arrangement continued for the 2008 BTCC season, with Robertshaw also running a Chevrolet Lacetti for Harry Vaulkhard and initially for Matt Allison.
Kreis was a wealthy contractor who would take a month off each year to drive in the 500.
Mällinen currently resides in Washington and California.
Josh Files is a British racing driver currently competing in the TCR International Series.
At the awards ceremony after the end of the season, Top Fuel Champion Kenny Bernstein gave his championship trophy to Blaine's brother Alan.
In 2015, Belicchi switched to toring cars, as he joined the TCR International Series with a SEAT León.
In 2005 he was signed by Bee*Racing a tuning firm renowned for their Nissan Skyline GT-R known as the B324R.
Joseph "Joey" Mawson is a professional racing driver from Australia.
He was killed in a crash during a 300-mile race.
He returned to the team and series in 2000 and finished 9th in points with a best finish of 4th at the Milwaukee Mile.
De Guzman allegedly had relations with Enzo Pastor's wife, Dalia Guerrero Pastor.
Tom Romeo Coronel is a Dutch professional racing driver.
After progressing through various levels of the junior formulae motorsport ladder, Félix da Costa's breakthrough year came during the 2012 season.
Lorenzo Veglia is an Italian racing driver currently competing in the TCR International Series.
He currently competes in the Blancpain GT Series for Belgian Audi Club Team WRT.
Ken Anderson is an American motorsport engineer, operating over the course of his career in motocross, Champ Car, Formula One, IRL and NASCAR.
Bond was a particularly versatile driver, also finding success in the Australian Rally Championship, winning the title in 1971, 1972 and 1974 driving a Holden Torana.
Decker was born in Staten Island, New York in 1903 to William Lloyd Decker and Anjeanette.
Its subsidiaries include Blue Crew, Pet Butler, Freggies, Lawn Army, Data Doctors, Yellow Van Handyman.
He also won the All Star Circuit of Champions championship in 1985 and his 56 wins in that series place him in the top 5 all-time.
His championship win in 1970 was the first victory by a Holden driver in the Australian Touring Car Championship.
He is the 2008 series champion after winning the final round at Road Atlanta.
He took the team's first two victories thanks to a double win at Snetterton.
Philip Giebler is an American race car driver.
Fredrik Larsson is a Swedish racing driver.
In 2011, he was picked as ambassador for Lebanese public awareness campaign Kunhadi, promoting safe driving among Lebanese youth.
On 16 October 2011 at the final round of the 2011 BTCC season he clinched the independents' championship.
He also raced at the Turismo Nacional Class 3 in 2008, the Top Race V6 in 2009 and Turismo Carretera since 2009.
Ostella finished the championship 9th overall, accruing 287 points after contesting 13 of the 14 rounds.
All of his race starts were behind the wheel of a Maxwell for whom he was an engineer.
He currently drives in the British Touring Car Championship for RCIB Insurance Racing.
He won both the German Formula Opel and European Formula Opel championships in 1997.
Valoušek is currently at 11th place in 2010 IRC standings.
Rydquist competes in both racing and drifting.
He attempted to qualify for the 1988 Indianapolis 500 but was bumped from the field.
He also was selected by BMW Motorsport for their junior program in 2015.
Bertram Schäfer is a German racing driver.
Jaap van Lagen is a Dutch racing driver, who is a former competitor in the Formula Renault 3.5 Series and a former Eurocup Megane Trophy champion.
Andrew Thompson, is an Australian racing driver.
He drove one race in the 2001 American Le Mans Series for SCR-Pilbeam, returning in 2002 to drive part of the season for AB Motorsport-Pilbeam.
He returned to IndyCar late that season.
Celso Míguez Pereira is a Spanish racing driver.
Paul Jasper is an American former race car driver born in Dayton, Ohio.
His son Joey races with the World of Outlaws sprint car series.
Beadle won three consecutive NHRA Funny Car championships from 1979 to 1981 and three IHRA Funny Car championships, 1975–76 and 1981.
He previously competed in part of the 2008 Eurocup Formula Renault 2.0 season for French team Pole Services.
Davison won Class A of the 1960 Armstrong 500, forerunner of the Bathurst 1000, driving an NSU Prinz.
He is the first Filipino to win a formula race in Europe.
Peña competed in his third K&N East season in 2012 driving for Shigeaki Hattori.
As a driver he won three championships and 24 races in the CART open-wheel series, including the 1986 Indianapolis 500.
In 2010 he completed his first novel Chequered Justice, published by Book Guild, a legal thriller alternating between the race track and the British justice system.
The crash is said to have ended racing at Legion Ascot and the grandstands burned down eight months later, putting an end to the facility.
Jason John Richards was a New Zealand motor racing driver.
After finishing on joint maximum points with Tommy Sopwith, it was initially suggested the champion would be decided by the toss of a coin.
Christopher "Chris" Smith is a former American racing driver from Palos Verdes Estates, California.
He is a member of Team Orange with Nobushige Kumakubo and Naoto Suenaga and enjoys working on close tandem driving with them.
Nemesh was born István Nemes but anglicized his name on becoming a US citizen in 1924.
In 2014 he competed in Eurocup Formula Renault 2.0 with the Lotus F1 Junior Team.
Moving up into the main Touring Class for 2004 he raced in an MG ZS, finishing 17th.
His son, Scott Brayton, was a long-time CART and IRL driver, who was killed in a crash during a practice run.
After some racing success in Australia driving Formula Ford and Formula Holden, Webber moved to the United Kingdom in 1995 to further his motorsport career.
With racing in his blood, Chris commenced his motor sporting career in karting in December 2004, at the Gold Coast Christmas race meeting.
For the 2012 season, Piedrahita returned to Star Mazda full-time staying with the JDC Motorsports team.
He made the move to cars in Sports Car Club of America Spec Racer Ford.
In 2007 he won the Trophy Class of the 2007 Formula 3 title.
His best finish was 3rd in points twice and had 14 series wins.
Johnny White, was an American racecar driver.
Maximilian "Max" Wissel is a German racing driver.
He currently drives for Erebus Motorsport as a co-driver alongside Dale Wood in the Pirtek Enduro Cup.
Christopher James Wootton is an Australian racing driver.
Paolo Angelo Lofamia is a Filipino racing driver Currently driving for Team Staginglanes/W-Autosports.
Racing extensively throughout Asia he has won the Asian Touring Car Championship and Chinese Touring Car Championship during his career.
In 2004 he competed in four Formula TR events scoring one qualifying pole and two podium finishes in only 4 events.
K-PAX Racing is an automobile racing team in the SCCA's Pirelli World Challenge racing series.
In 2007 he drove a Spyker at the Le Mans Series.
Cyrille Sauvage is a French racing driver.
Hernandez finished fifth in his first career start and the team plans on entering Hernandez at a NASCAR Grand National Division event at Greenville-Pickens Speedway.
Bell resides in San Mateo, California and when not racing is an instructor at Jim Russell Racing School.
Dumbrell also drives for Triple Eight Race Engineering as a co-driver alongside Jamie Whincup in the Pirtek Enduro Cup series.
In 2010, the driver joined the Superstars Series with the CAAL team.
Ernie Fixmer, born February 19, 1977 in Los Angeles, California is a drifting driver from the United States.
Louis Durant drove an 1938 Alfa-Romeo 308 C Special Race Car in the Indianapolis 500 Race in 1946 and finished in 6th place.
Sergio Cresto was born in New York on 19 January 1956.
He became co-driver with Giuseppe Campari in the 1924 French Grand Prix.
His father Marvin Fillip also raced at this track.
Potekhen returned to the team to make seven more starts and led his first laps in the series at Chicagoland Speedway late in the season.
On 1 September 2010 the BBC was refused a court injunction preventing Collins from publishing an autobiography revealing himself to be The Stig.
Beretta began his racing career in 2004 in his domestic Formula Ford 1800 series, finishing 6th in the standings.
Moved to UK to start his international career: British Formula Ford Championship, Formula Vauxhall, German and European Formula Opel, International Formula 3000 and Italian Formula 3000.
Hannes van Asseldonk is a Dutch racing driver, currently driving in the British Formula 3 Championship for Fortec Motorsports.
Seliö races for the Mad Croc BaBa Racing team and has competed in the series since 1998.
Ohmura is also the founder and CEO of Conquest Financial Partners AG, a Zurich based investment boutique.
Sakurai raced under Filipino license in Formula BMW Pacific and currently in the GP3 Series.
In 2009 he has signed on to drive for Guthrie Meyer Racing in the Firestone Indy Lights Series.
Leighton's poor results, however, led to his lack of a ride for 2000, and he has not raced in the Busch Series since.
Lewis Strang was an American racecar driver.
Niall Quinn is an Irish motor racing driver, currently living in County Meath, Ireland.
He participated in the Japanese Grand Touring Car series in the top category between 1993 and 2002.
Though he won no races he finished no lower than 6th in any event while always running near the front.
She currently drives the Advance Auto Parts Chevy Camaro SS Funny Car for John Force Racing.
He had the first 250 mph Alcohol Funny Car run and the first pass in the 5.5 second range.
He is currently competing in the UK MINI Challenge with his own Forster Motorsport team, and competed in the 2010 British Touring Car Championship for them.
In 1998 he won the 1600 Class Russian Touring Car Cup with a Lada Samara.
He competed with drivers like: Ralf Schumacher, Nick Heidfeld and Jarno Trulli.
Robin also made her television debut at the Panoz Racing school during the filming of My Classic Car in September 2003.
Marcos Ambrose is an Australian retired racing driver.
Also, he developed the Mitjet silhouette racecars and is manager of the Circuit d’Albi.
Sessions was also the 1972 USAC Sprint Car Series Champion.
He started in motocross, but was told he was too old to go to nationals.
He won the 2014 Pro 2 championship and made his first Pro 4 start that season.
Cláudio Ricci is a Brazilian racing driver.
For the 2002 season Ferrier focused on the European Touring Car Championship, driving a DART Racing Alfa Romeo 156.
Courtney Force-Rahal is a drag racer currently competing in the NHRA.
Giovanni "John" DePalma was an Italian-born American racecar driver.
He is best known for winning the 2004 Indianapolis 500 while driving for Rahal Letterman Racing, and the 2009 24 Hours of Daytona for Brumos Racing.
A competitor in the NASCAR Featherlite Southwest Tour, he was murdered in a drive-by shooting that remains unsolved.
Schouten has raced in various international racing series such as the TCR International Series and Acceleration 2014.
He finished in the top ten 11 times, with his best finish in 6th position in 1968 at Springfield and in 1969 at Sacramento.
Dobson was raised in, and currently resides in, Seattle.
Youssaf El Marnissi is a Moroccan racing driver.
In 2016, he again retained his title with 8 wins.
He is the current 2016 IndyCar champion.
Despite almost no time in the car before the weekend, he had two points finishes.
Both wins were as co-driver with longtime friend and teammate Dick Johnson driving for iconic Ford team Dick Johnson Racing.
Martino Finotto was a former racing driver from Italy, mainly known for his success in touring car and sports car racing.
Ken Nomura is a drifting driver from Japan.
Both victories were on the streets of Long Beach in the Toyota Atlantic Championship.
He began his professional career in 1998 in the European Formula Renault series where he captured 4th place.
He has competed in such series as Eurocup Formula Renault 2.0 and International Formula Master.
The team captured their first class win in the 6 hour race at Watkins Glen International with teammates Longhi and Jeff Segal.
A cultured, knowledgeable and well-travelled racer, he was excellent in sports cars.
He was retroactively awarded the 1906 National Championship in 1951.
He also got the class win at the 1999 24 Hours of Le Mans and 12 Hours of Sebring driving a Porsche 911.
Johnson competed in the United States Auto Club National Championship from 1956 to 1959, making six starts.
In the D1 events, he is known for his imitation of a monkey, as the pioneer of the smoke technique, he drifts with the most smoke.
Orlando Otto Kaesemodel Neto, better known as Lico Kaesemodel is a Brazilian racing driver, currently drives in Stock Car Brasil.
Tordoff finished second overall in the 2016 British Touring Car Championship, 2 points behind Gordon Shedden.
Over a period of 11 years, Beckman instructed over 7,000 different students.
He died in Chicago, Illinois and is buried in Highland Cemetery in Wichita, Kansas.
He drove two CART events for Gary Trout Motorsports finishing 12th at Mid-Ohio and 14th at Elkart Lake.
Dino Zamparelli is a British racing driver, born to English parents and with Italian ancestry.
He finished in the top ten 4 times, with his best finish in 6th position in 1964 at Langhorne.
His main achievement to date is becoming the International Formula 3000 Champion in 2003.
Two days later, he withdrew from the event.
For 2015 Wall joined Garry Rogers Motorsport, replacing Robert Dahlgren.
Salay made eight starts in AAA Championship Car in 1948 and 1949 including the 1948 Indianapolis 500.
Query won the 1998 Slim Jim All Pro Series championship.
Luyendyk has competed in various sports-car series competing in the 12 Hours of Sebring and the 24 Hours of Daytona.
He is son of the twelve-time Swiss Formula Three champion Jo Zeller who founded team Jo Zeller Racing.
He raced in the 1979-1985 and 1987-1988 seasons, with 26 career starts, including the 1980 Indianapolis 500.
Pearson was released at the end of the year in favor of Greg Sacks.
Daniel Burkett is a Canadian racing driver who currently competes in the Continental Tire Sports Car Challenge for CJ Wilson Racing.
For 2007, Howell wanted a full-time drive.
Kees Nierop is a former professional Dutch race car driver.
Daiki Sasaki is a Japanese racing driver.
He returned to Carrera Cup, taking over Peter Fitzgerald's car in the series after Fitzgerald retired at the end of the 2006 season.
He joined the Lucas Oil Late Model Dirt Series and won the 2011 championship over Bloomquist.
Alexis DeJoria is an American drag racer competing in the National Hot Rod Association.
Shirley Muldowney, also known professionally as "Cha Cha" and the "First Lady of Drag Racing", is an American auto racer.
In 2005, he won the Brazilian Formula Renault season, taking a win in 6 races.
Today, Guthrie is actively involved in the local community in Albuquerque.
Pastor was invited to participate in the K&N Pro Series East.
Reiser raced in Wisconsin from 1958 to 1976, winning the Wisconsin Late Model Dirt Track Championship in 1972.
The following year he finished 10th in points, capturing his only series win in the season opener at Phoenix International Raceway.
He was also the Samsung Everland scholarship driver through year 2003 to 2005.
He was British Formula Ford champion in 2000 and broke the record for winning the most Formula Ford races in one season.
Carl Renezeder is an American off-road racer for Team Renezeder Racing.
In 1991, Worsham became the youngest driver to win a Funny Car event and went on to win the NHRA Rookie of the Year.
He earned just one top-ten: a 10th at Dover International Speedway and earned his best points finish of 41st in 1986.
First president and member of Women and Family High Council;
Lowndes is a three-time V8 Supercar champion, a five-time Barry Sheene Medalist, and a six-time winner of Australia's most prestigious motor race, the Bathurst 1000
For 2013 he starts in the FIA European Formula Three Championship with Van Amersfoort Racing.
He is married to Jessica and has a daughter.
In 2010 he improved to 14th overall.
Jean-Éric Vergne is a French racing driver who competes in Formula E with Techeetah.
In 2004, he was a top contender for the NHRA Road to the Future Funny Car Rookie of the Year.
Yuji Tachikawa, is a Japanese racing driver.
Patterson, son of Wimbledon champion Gerald Patterson, attended his father's school, Scotch College, Melbourne, from 1931 to 1934, and Geelong Grammar School from 1935 to 1941.
He has won races in both the 3000 Pro Series and Le Mans Series.
João Victor "JV" Horto is a Brazilian racing driver from Londrina.
Jackie Oliver won the CanAm title for Shadow in 1974.
In the 24 Hours of Le Mans, Vinatier competed 14 times from 1958 to 1973.
He represented the USAC series in the 1974 International Race of Champions.
In August he was entered for the Coppa Acerbo, held at the Pescara Circuit in Italy.
A hot rodder since his youth, Thompson increasingly pursued land speed records in his late 20s and early 30s.
Jimmy Eriksson is a Swedish race car driver who will be driving in the GP2 Series for Arden International in the 2016 GP2 Series
Further seasons with Footwork, Scuderia Italia and Minardi followed during the tail end of his F1 career.
He was an authority on Bugatti cars.
Michael later competed in the GT4 European Cup.
He was the conte di Gradella based in Pandino outside Cremona.
Prior to his time in GP2, Chandhok won the Formula Asia championship in 2001 and was the inaugural Formula Asia V6 by Renault champion in 2006.
He was a presenter on the motoring television series Fifth Gear from 2004 through 2014.
Mikhail Petrovich Aleshin is a Russian professional racing driver and the 2010 champion of the Formula Renault 3.5 Series.
Ryan Blanchet is a Canadian touring car racer who competes in Canada's only professional Touring Car Championship, the Castrol Canadian Touring Car Championship.
He made one-off appearances in the World Touring Car Championship in 2006, 2007 and 2008 as rewards for his efforts in SEAT one-make series.
Adrien Tambay is a French professional racing driver at Audi.
He was promoted to chief mechanic and test driver of Scuderia Ferrari between 1934 and 1937.
Kotaro Sakurai is a Japanese racing driver.
He is the younger brother of fellow racing driver Nicola Larini.
Tucker's early career involved private equity investing in several different fields including real estate, hotels and restaurants, internet technology, financial services, energy and automotive.
He was also the winner of the invitational Guia Race of Macau touring car event, in 1989.
Johnny Kreiger was an American racecar driver.
Marc Basseng is a German racing driver.
He also competed in the Rotax World Finals where he finished fifth.
He is a current member of the SMP Racing driver programme.
Robin Frijns is a Dutch auto racing driver, but lives in Belgium.
Emilio Giletti was an Italian racing driver, who made a name for himself in the early 1950s, and now is the owner of Giletti S.p.A.
He has competed in such series as the Italian Formula Renault Championship and the European F3 Open Championship.
Robbie Buhl is a former Indy Racing League competitor and current team-owner, with the Dreyer & Reinbold Racing team in the IRL's IndyCar Series.
Also in 2001, Adams claimed the Pro class victory in the Legends Cars Road Course World Finals at Sears Point Raceway in Sonoma, CA.
Eddie Pullen was an American racing driver who worked for and primarily raced the Mercer marque.
He progressed to single seater racing in 1962, first driving a Lola March T, Formula Junior car.
He served in the United States Navy for six years prior to his race-driving career.
George H. Robertson was an American race car driver.
Johannes van Overbeek is an American race car driver in the United SportsCar Championship.
Gavin won the 2008 championship, making him the first driver in the series to take three overall titles.
Barry Horne is a British racing driver currently competing in the British Touring Car Championship.
Marco Apicella is an Italian professional racing driver.
Dick Sahlén is a Swedish auto racing driver who has competed in the Scandinavian Touring Car Championship for Mattias Ekström Juniorteam.
The team had its first win in Denver on June 29, 2007.
Markus Palttala is a Finnish racing driver.
Dillon Battistini is an English-born racecar driver from Ewell.
After beginning his career in single-seaters, Moreau switched to sports car racing.
He competed part-time in various series from 2003 to 2005, but returned to full-time racing in 2006 when he finished 6th in Porsche Carrera Cup France.
He has also raced in All Japan Grand Touring Car Championship, Japanese Touring Car Championship, Japanese Formula Three, and Super Taikyu N1 Endurance Series.
Ian "Pete" Geoghegan, was an Australian race car driver, known for a quick wit and natural driving skills.
Also during this race, Rick Mears bumped into the back of his car on a lap 183 pit stop.
In 2015 he competed in GT4 Euroseries with Ginetta G50.
For 1997 Correia moved to the United States of America to race in the Skip Barber Formula Dodge.
Of those starts, his only top ten finish was the 1971 Indianapolis 500, where he finished 8th and was named Rookie of the Year.
Patric Niederhauser is a professional racing driver from Switzerland.
This decision resulted in Force winning his 15th NHRA Championship.
Darryl O'Young is a Canadian-born Hong Kong racing driver.
Jonathan Ross Reid, more commonly known as Jonny Reid, is a New Zealand racing driver.
In 1996 Craven earned five top-10 finishes before accepting an offer from Hendrick Motorsports.
Joe Sposato is a former American racing driver from Ridgefield, Connecticut.
He raced in the 1994 CART season and 1997-1998 IRL seasons with 9 combined starts.
After retiring from racing, McCoy opened a restaurant in Bristol, Pa.
In 2005, his first year with APP, he scored 41 points, getting a third and second place and finishing ninth overall.
Matthew Parr is a British racing driver from Horsham, West Sussex who currently competes in Formula Ford 1600.
Miaskiewicz also raced AMA Motocross and was an Alpine Ski racer.
Because the quarter mile elapsed time was not set under these conditions, neither the NHRA nor the FIA recognize this achievement as an official record.
Palttala drove in the Le Mans Endurance Series for various teams from 2005 until 2010.
He was the manager of the River Side Tuning Garage in the Osaka prefecture, so he sponsored himself.
He passed his Indy 500 Rookie Orientation Program but elected to not qualify for the race 1996 Indianapolis 500.
In December 2010, he joined the ownership team of Rahal Letterman Racing which was renamed Rahal Letterman Lanigan Racing.
John Ranson Lewis III, better known as Randy Lewis is a five-time starter of the Indianapolis 500 USA automobile race.
He finished in the top ten 4 times, with his best finish in 8th position in 1981 at Milwaukee.
In 1985 be purchased a Porsche 962 from Bruce Leven and began racing in IMSA GTP.
Stuart Hall is a British racing driver.
John Bryant-Meisner is a Swedish racing driver.
Guerrero was also selected to participate in the 1988 International Race of Champions.
Denny Hickey was an American racecar driver.
His only Championship Car experience was the three dirt races of the 1982 Gold Crown season.
That opportunity finally presented itself with the Skip Barber Western Series at Mazda Raceway Laguna Seca, a racetrack 2 hours from Christian’s hometown in Oakland, CA.
Jeff Abbott is a professional athlete in the motorsport of drifting.
In 2004 he competed in Superfund Euro 3000.
He was also successful in Formula 3000.
Joseph Oliver "Jocko" Cunningham is a former racing driver who competed in the SCCA/ECAR Formula Atlantic series from 1986 to 1990.
He now owns a successful Karting company.
He has competed in such series as the FIA GT3 European Championship, Rolex Sports Car Series and Porsche Supercup.
He had 35 USAC victories including 11 at the Milwaukee Mile near his hometown Racine, Wisconsin.
For the Bathurst 1000 and Sandown 500 he raced the Ford Falcon BF of Britek Motorsport for the second year driving with Jason Bright.
Ted Prappas, is a former driver in the CART Championship Car series.
He has competed in such series as International Formula Master and the Formula 3 Euro Series.
Dominick Muermans is a Dutch racing driver.
He returned to the IRL and the "500" for the 2006 race in a car fielded by Team Leader Motorsports and finished 29th.
This was the starting point of his international career in Europe and the USA.
In 1999, Mutsch reached second place in the Marlboro Masters of Formula 3, behind Briton Marc Hynes.
Dan Marvin is a former American racing driver.
He signed to compete in the 2010 Indy Lights season in the United States.
He also finished 3rd in 1975, 5th in 1977 and 4th in 1978, abroad a self-run BMW 3.0 CSL, entered under the Jolly Club banner.
On February 13, 1990, Collier sat on pole for the Florida 200 at Daytona International Speedway with a new track record of 166.553 mph.
He was a late entry for the 2007 event, running in Dreyer and Reinbold's third car, alongside 2004 Indianapolis 500 champion Buddy Rice and Sarah Fisher.
She won the NHRA Top Fuel championship in 1977, 1980, and 1982, becoming the first person to win two and three Top Fuel titles.
They organized a 10-day tour around Maharashtra and Gujarat.
In 2008 Retera joined A1 Team Netherlands as a test driver.
He also co-drove the second of the factory entered Porsche GT1 machines in the 1996 24 Hours of Le Mans with Yannick Dalmas and Karl Wendlinger.
He won the World Karting National Championship in 1998, and captured the World Karting Grand National Championship in the same year.
He currently competes in the Dunlop Super2 Series, driving the No.
However, Mack denied association with Curry Racing stating that he was not contracted and/or scheduled to drive for Curry Racing.
Michael Patrizi is best known as a professional race driver.
However, World War II suspended racing until 1946, denying Mays of what likely would have been the peak of his career.
He is the only driver to win a race outright with a non-open class car.
Richard Charles Atkins was an American racing driver from Oakland, California.
Vicente "Enzo" Potolicchio is a Venezuelan racing driver and businessman, who competes in the FIA World Endurance Championship and Rolex Sports Car Series for Starworks Motorsport.
In that time he had four podium finishes and won the 1974 New York Region Formula Ford class.
He raced in the 1992–1995 seasons with 20 career starts.
His brother, Martin, is also a stock car driver.
Derichebourg moved to the French GT Championship in 2003, again driving Paul Belmondo Racing's Chrysler Viper.
"Kevin" Pu Jun Jin is a Chinese racing driver currently competing in the TCR Asia Series.
In 1989 he returned to his hometown of Chicago to become president of the company.
After winning two Korean GT championships' titles in 2005 and 2006, he started racing in the Japanese Super GT series since 2008.
Máximo Cortés13 April 1988 in Móstoles, Madrid) is a Spanish racing driver who competes in single seater formulae.
Team Green moved to the IndyCar Series for the 2003 campaign, with Franchitti remaining in the team.
Katherine Legge is a British auto racing driver.
In 1979 her experiences served as the base for a biographical movie: Silent Victory: The Kitty O'Neil Story, starring Stockard Channing.
Two more titles followed, making ten consecutive for the team.
Gil de Ferran is a French-born Brazilian professional racing driver and team owner.
In 2007, Anderson was one of the first ten people inducted into the Australian Speedway Hall of Fame.
Lee Rogers is a racing driver; he has raced the #69 pickup since 2005 in the UK Pickup Truck Racing series.
For 2010, Major returned to North America to race in the Firestone Indy Lights Series for Sam Schmidt Motorsports.
He has competed in such series as Super GT and the French Formula Three Championship.
Lazier eventually qualified for the Indianapolis 500 in 1991.
Because of the crisis, he retirned to the United States to compete in the Major Indoor Soccer League from 2002 to 2005.
Juliano Moro (born 13 September 1977 is a Brazilian racing driver.
In 1985 and 1986, DeLorto made seven starts in the professional Formula Super Vee Robert Bosch/Valvoline Championship.
Billy Engelhart, is a former driver in the CART Championship Car series.
Warriner only managed to qualify for a single Championship Car race, the September 1953 race at the Indiana State Fairgrounds where he started and finished 18th.
The team entered just four rounds at Zandvoort and Valencia, with little success.
Until 2013, he was one of the hosts for NASCAR Trackside.
He currently works as a driver coach for Borland Racing Developments and Owns AMR Kartsport, which specialises in engine, chassis and driver development.
Gilmour Racing is a privateer long-term car entrant in the Kumho Tyres Australian Formula 3 Championship.
All three participating Fords were forced to retire from the race.
His 7th-place finish in the 1975 Indianapolis 500 earned him Rookie of the Year.
Marcos Gueiros is a Brazilian racing driver who has competed in the International Formula 3000 series.
Donald Theetge is a Canadian racing driver.
He is also the world record holder in the "Fethard to 'Keeffes run".
Everette Edward Carpenter, Jr. is an American auto racing driver, currently competing in the IndyCar Series for his own team, Ed Carpenter Racing.
St. James founded the 501(c)(3) Women in the Winner's Circle Foundation in 1994 and is a motivational speaker.
In late 2006 Matt participated in the last rounds of the FIA GT3 European Championship at Mugello in Italy, racing an Ascari KZ1.
Earlier in his career, he was the 1983 US Super Vee champion.
In 1993, Hill became the NHRA's oldest Top Fuel champion.
He won the 2012 F1600 Championship Series.
His best CART finish was an 11th place at Cleveland in 1986, one of the best finishes for any rookie that season.
He finished in the top ten 4 times and his best career finish was in 6th position at the 1991 Grand Prix of Long Beach.
He moved up from 24th to 18th in 9 laps before his engine failed.
In 1993, he served as chief mechanic for Al Unser, Sr.'s King Racing, Kenny Bernstein-owned entry.
Ukyo Sasahara is a Japanese racing driver.
Tinseau began racing professionally in French Formula Renault in 1991.
His lucky escape proved to be only a temporary reprieve, as Swanson was killed a year later while attempting to qualify for a midget car race.
This failed to happen and the V8 Supercar plans evaporated.
A proud double Leo, he often incorporated Lions in his helmet designs.
Nicolas Armindo's team is currently IMSA Performance in the Le-Mans Series and Hermes Attempto Racing in the German Porsche Carrera Cup.
Krisiloff currently is the team manager for Carl A. Haas Motorsports where his son Kyle Krisiloff drives the #14 Ford Fusion with Clabber Girl sponsorship.
Junior has raced mainly midgets and sprint cars and will make his Indy Lights debut in 2016.
In 2005 Iorio graced the podium to win at the Sno*Drift 2005.
Jan J. Sneva is a former racing driver and the brother of Jerry Sneva and Indianapolis 500 winner Tom Sneva.
His major successes include two Swedish Touring Car Championship drivers' titles and the Italian Touring Car Championship title.
He then failed to qualify for the 1980 Indianapolis 500.
He currently competes in FIA Formula 2 Championship for DAMS.
He is most notable for competing in the 24 Hours of Le Mans, Formula Le Mans Cup and the Le Mans Series.
Eric left behind two sons, Brian and Matt Martin.
Steve Knapp, is a former driver in IndyCar.
He won 19 races in Quebec's ACT Series and Série nationale Castrol LMS Québec.
Dorsey was a successful sports car driver for a number of seasons in the Trans-Am series, winning the championship in 1989.
He drove in several racing classes such as Formula Three, International Formula 3000, American Le Mans Series, DTM and most recently the Porsche Supercup.
Champion of the Quebec's ACT Series in 2010 and of the Série Supreme ADL Tobacco in 1999, 2000, 2001 and 2003.
Thomas Hylkema is a Dutch racing driver, who drove for Tech 1 Racing in the GP3 Series in 2011.
Tim Blanchard is an Australian racing driver.
He also recorded the fastest lap of the race at Kentucky Speedway.
He attended St. John's Military Academy in Delafield Wisconsin and Schumacher is currently the driver of the U.S. Army Top Fuel Dragster.
He is also a former Formula Continental SCCA national champion.
Now he is competing in the European Touring Car Cup for Engstler Motorsport with BMW 320si.
In 2002-2003, he stepped down to the Indy Pro Series, where he raced 10 times with 1 pole, 3 Top 5 finishes and 8 Top 10's.
He finished on the lead lap in 13th place, and won $450 in prize money.
After graduation, he pursued transportation design at the Academy of Art University, San Francisco, California.
In 2008 he equalled the record for fastest laps in a season, for the second time.
He has competed in such series as Euroseries 3000 and the Spanish Formula Three Championship.
Maťo Homola is a Slovak racing driver.
Currently Justus is an entrepreneur with his own graphics design company.
His son, Roy Nissany, is also a racing driver.
He is the son of Carlos Alberto Okulovich, also a pilot.
James Kaye is a British auto racing driver.
In 1991 he made 8 starts for Dale Coyne Racing, Arciero Racing, and Euromotorsports with the best finish being 13th.
He also competed in the Le Mans Series in a Porsche 911 GT3 RSR as well as five seasons in the LMP2 category.
Following a good performance he was also selected for the final two races of the season in Portimão, Portugal and Brands Hatch, England.
Victor Guerin is a professional Brazilian racing driver.
Tom Gladdis is a racing driver, currently competing in the FIA Formula Two Championship.
In 2009 he will compete full-time for the new Bryan Herta Autosport team.
Jesse Mason is a Canadian racecar driver from Niagara Falls, Ontario.
Štefan Rosina is a Slovak racing driver.
He is son of Walter Derani and brother of Rafael Derani, both drivers.
He was vice-champion in the Italian GT Championship in 2008 and won the European Abarth 500 Trophy the following year.
Shea Holbrook is an American professional race car driver and entrepreneur.
He has competed in such series as Eurocup Formula Renault 2.0, the Formula Three Euroseries, GP2 Asia, the GP3 Series and the Super Formula series.
After racing in the 2008 Rolex 24 at Daytona, Barron stopped racing at an international level.
In 2004, he raced part-time in NASCAR Nextel Cup for BAM Racing.
Della Woods is an AA/FC, NHRA professional dragster driver.
Grice also had a successful second career as a politician and Member for Broadwater in the Queensland Parliament from 1992 to 2001.
Paul Harrison is a BriSCA Formula 1 Stock Cars racing driver from Rotherham who races under number 2.
Masao Suenaga is a Japanese professional drifting driver, currently competing in the D1 Grand Prix series for RE Amemiya and Greddy.
Maximilian Götz is a German racing driver.
Robert Dahlgren is a Swedish auto racing driver who previously competed in the V8 Supercars Championship for Garry Rogers Motorsport.
He currently drives in the Stock Car Brasil and Copa Fiat Brasil series.
Ricardo Teixeira is a Portuguese-Angolan racing driver.
Wootton now carries the prestigious title of Formula BMW Junior, and will receive expert coaching and tuition throughout the season from BMW Motorsport professionals.
The car left the road at over 160 km/h, hit a culvert, somersaulted and crashed through a horse railing fence.
In 2006 he raced in the Team Playboy cars and in 2007 he partnered Max Angelelli in the SunTrust Racing team.
He also completed the 2012 Petit Le Mans with a Dodge Viper GTS.
Luca Filippi is an Italian Auto racing driver.
He won the 1990 24 Hours of Le Mans together with John Nielsen and Martin Brundle in a Jaguar XJR-12.
He improved to fourth in the championship, winning the race at Mosport Park.
Lee Kunzman, is a former driver in the USAC and CART Championship Car series.
After skipping the Freedom 100, he left the series after the Toronto race with a best finish of 13th in eight starts.
As a junior, he attended St Joseph's College, Ipswich.
Since the late 1980s, Buffum has owned and managed Libra Racing based in Colchester, Vermont.
Felice Tedeschi is an Italian racing driver currently competing in the Italian GT Championship.
Bobby has also been a spokesman and advocate of many commercial products.
Davison and Stillwell were invited to race for the Essex Racing Stable due to their involvement with Aston Martins in the Australian racing scene.
He is the champion of the Formula BMW Pacific series in 2008.
He drove in the USAC Championship Car series, racing in the 1961-1963 seasons with 15 starts, including the 1962 and 1963 Indianapolis 500 races.
Born in Tokyo, Ishiura won the Super GT300 championship, in the APR MR-S with Kazuya Oshima, and is the 2015 Super Formula champion.
Team drove in the 24 Hours of Daytona with Hal Prewitt, Karl Reindler, Vic Rice and Spencer Trenery.
He is currently competing in the NASCAR K&N Pro Series West, driving the No.
Björn began racing karts, competing in his first race, at the age of 10.
The two were married in October 2011.
He returned to the series in 2015 with AmD Tuning, after winning the Renault Clio Cup United Kingdom in 2014.
He was the former crew chief for Juan Pablo Montoya, Clint Bowyer, and Greg Biffle
Jody Fannin is a British auto racing driver.
Michela Cerruti is an Italian racing driver, currently competing in the TCR International Series, with Mulsanne Racing.
At the 2008 24 Hours of Le Mans Turner won the GT1 class driving an Aston Martin DBR9 shared with David Brabham and Antonio García.
Guerrero became a naturalized citizen of the United States in 1989.
He competed in Star Mazda West until 2001 when he moved to U.S.
Stockman drove for Vic Edelbrock's midget car racing team, driving for the 1951 and 1952 seasons.
He passed his IRL rookie test at Texas Motor Speedway in 2000.
McKay died of cancer on 26 December 2004.
The team campaigned a Chevrolet Camaro to win four consecutive NHRA national championships from 1981 to 1984.
He was most well known for driving 410ci winged sprint cars in Pennsylvania and surrounding states.
Fabio Onidi is a professional racing driver from Italy.
Switching sports, Zanardi took up competition in handcycling, a form of paralympic cycling, with the stated goal of representing Italy at the 2012 Summer Paralympics.
He drove for Chevrolet in the World Touring Car Championship between 2005 and 2012 with a best finish of second in 2012.
They finished in 26th place, earning Casale wild card place in the 2011 Dakar Rally, where he finished 40th in the motorcycle category.
He is currently competing in the 2014 FIA World Endurance Championship season for Aston Martin Racing.
Sebastián Saavedra is a Colombian racing driver from Bogotá.
Nelson Panciatici is a French professional racing driver.
Durán has also previously competed in A1 Grand Prix, Formula Renault 3.5, and the NASCAR Toyota Series.
The 1946 Indianapolis 500 was won by a car built by Thorne and driven by George Robson.
Champion of the Quebec's ACT Series in 2009, Série nationale Castrol LMS Québec in 2006 and Série IMAX LMS Québec in 2004.
He continues to race occasionally in vintage car races in the US and abroad.
Chris Simmons is a former racing driver who competed in USF2000 and Indy Lights among other racing series.
He is currently competing in the GP3 Series with Jenzer Motorsport and Audi R8 LMS Cup with Kamlung Racing.
Born in 1871 in Le Mans, Fournier began his career on motorcycles and tricycles.
Benjamin Bailly is a professional racing driver from Belgium.
The team ran 3 brand new Holden Monaro GTS 327's in the 1968 Hardie-Ferodo 500 at Mount Panorama, Bathurst.
Chet raced in the CART series in the 1982-1985 seasons, with 9 career starts, and started in the Indianapolis 500 in 1982 and 1983.
Paul Dumbrell is an Australian business executive and racing driver.
Kurt Hitke was an American racecar driver.
He currently competes in the Ultra4 Racing Series in the #5252 buggy.
In 2003, he raced in Formula 3000 for BCN Competicion.
Stefano Bizzarri known as Bizzo is an Italian racing driver.
George Russell is a British racing driver.
Also the team achieved the fastest lap of the category with 3 minutes and 54.928 seconds.
Hill raced at open competitions and Top Fuel events from 1955 until he retired in 1966.
Mel Hansen was an American racecar driver.
George Fury is a retired Australian rally and racing car driver.
Karun Chandhok is an Indian racing driver who last competed in Formula E for Mahindra Racing.
He is the only active driver who has won two legs of the Triple Crown of Motorsport in its original definition.
Eliseo Salazar Valenzuela is a Chilean racing driver.
Troy Castaneda is an American racing driver from Sacramento, California.
He raced in the 1960s and '70s when there were few national events.
He then moved to Indy Lights driving for Conquest Racing in 1999 finishing 14th in points.
Janson was born in New Zealand, emigrating to England at a young age.
In the Eurocup, Bacheta finished in the points three times, en route to sixteenth in the championship, despite missing the rounds in Hungary with budgetary problems.
From 2012 he raced in Pro class and finished runner up in 2013.
Franck Mailleux is a French racing driver.
FIA Alternative Energies Cup runner-up in 2007, 2008 and 2010.
He also had a less successful career as a Formula One driver.
He has been competing in the D1 Grand Prix series since 2002.
Facundo "Facu" Regalia is an Argentine racing driver.
He returned in July to race on the Mid-Ohio Sports Car Course but crashed out on the first lap.
Johnny Amadeus Cecotto, more commonly known as Johnny Cecotto Jr. is a racing driver.
Ross Davis is a former American racing driver from Grand Junction, Colorado who competed in the CART Championship Car series in 1980 and 1981.
Andrea Larini is an Italian auto racing driver.
Then decided she did not wish to carry on with her DTM career and left at the start of the 2013 season.
Daniel Zampieri is an Italian racing driver.
McKenzie now competes in endurance karting and is pursuing a career in mechanics.
He won his first BTCC race in Round one of the 2016 season at Brands Hatch.
Alain Ferté is a professional racing driver.
Retera has raced in the International Formula Master, Formula Renault 2.0 and other racing series.
Geoff Boss is an American Champ Car driver from Narragansett, Rhode Island who drove in the 2003 season with Dale Coyne Racing.
He won the championship in 1998 and also won the 2000 through 2007 championships, and again in 2013.
Bates' navigator/co-driver since 1993 has been Coral Taylor.
He made 66 AAA Championship Car starts capturing 5 wins and 7 poles.
It spun back across the track and hit the inside guard rail, causing the gasoline tank to explode.
The field later became known as Dupage Airport in West Chicago Illinois.
His particular driving style earned him the nickname "Enforcer".
He has now moved back to racing Karts.
He continued to be active in IMSA sports car racing until the late 1990s.
He races in the Le Mans Series and 24 Hours of Le Mans in cars prepared by the RML Group.
He spun into the infield to miss another competitor's car and struck a concrete block protecting a light pole driver's side first.
He competed in 42 Indy Lights races from 1993 to 1996.
After not being able to secure a drive for 1998 Correia was employed as a hotel manager at Best Western in Cumbuco, Brazil.
He now races in the Pro 2 trophy truck and Pro 4 division competing against his father Johnny Greaves.
Zoë Claire Wenham is a British auto racing driver.
Oliver Martini is an Italian racing driver.
He was the GTS class champion in 2006 International GT Open along with Stefano Zonca.
He has raced in such series as Auto GP and Formula Palmer Audi.
Prior to that, he competed in US SCCA Formula Mazda and SCCA Formula Atlantic.
Mike Nish is an American racing driver who competed in the CART Championship Car series and competes in world land speed record events.
He raced in the CART Championship Car series from 1980 to 1984 competing in full seasons his first two years and partial schedules thereafter.
Antonio Spavone is an Italian racing driver.
Tin Sritrai is a Thai racing driver currently competing in the TCR Asia Series.
Moraes started his career in minor youth motorsports.
Leonel Adrián Pernía is an Argentine racing driver.
Eddie Hasha was an American motorcycle racer on board tracks early in the twentieth century.
Donnie Beechler, is a former driver in the Indy Racing League.
Bret Curtis founded Spectra Resources in 2002 and United Steel Supply in 2007.
William H. "Speed" Gardner July 2, 1895 in East Liberty, Pennsylvania – April 25, 1972 in Bayonet Point, Florida) was an American racecar driver.
In both 2006 and 2007, Paul went back to race in the Super Production class.
Spangler's car rolled over while still maintaining its speed, ejecting the driver and mechanic.
Bruce Walkup is a retired American racecar driver.
In September 2013 Bräck won The Whitsun Trophy race at the Goodwood Revival in a Ford GT40 together with Red Bull Racing's Adrian Newey.
Consequently, Kurt stayed in the United States as it was impossible for the ship to return to Germany due to British naval superiority.
He now lives in Seeley Lake, Montana.
He participated in 29 Formula One Grands Prix, debuting on 23 January 1982.
Frank Kechele is a German racing driver.
In 1991 he attempted to make his CART World Series debut in Denver but he failed to qualify.
He currently competes part-time in the NASCAR K&N Pro Series West, driving the No.
He became the youngest driver ever to compete in the BTCC when he made his debut at the Knockhill round of the 2013 season.
Hancock is the son of historic racing driver Anthony Hancock, and the younger brother of sportscar racer Sam Hancock.
He made his debut at the 2006 Liberty Challenge at the Indianapolis Motor Speedway road course while competing in the Star Mazda series full-time.
Carlos Huertas is a Colombian racing driver.
He is also the first driver in ATCC/V8SC history to win 100 races and holds the record for the most Bathurst 1000 podiums with 13.
The 2012 NHRA Full Throttle Championship in funny car was won in Pomona California @ the NHRA Auto Club Finals.
Robert "Bobby" Gerhart Jr. is an American professional stock car racing driver.
In his 6 Indy 500 starts he has a best finish of 8th in 2000.
Akhil started his motorsports career by racing in National Go Karting Championship and Formula LGB Swift in India.
He currently works for Stewart Haas racing as a crew chief for the number #41 Xfinity team.
In 2011 he raced in Firestone Indy Lights with the Bryan Herta Autosport team.
He competed in the Indianapolis 500 four times, with a best finish of second in 1925.
He was inducted into the National Sprint Car Hall of Fame in 2003.
Originally a motorcycle racer, Brisko ran in the Indianapolis 500 twelve times.
Dunman had 27 top-ten finishes in Champ Car competition, with a best finish of third in 1965 at Phoenix.
The Laguna Beach, California native is known for his professionalism, work ethic, and he lives every day for motorsport.
Matt drove his Porsches 911 GT3 to 4 wins, 9 podiums and 6 pole positions to clinch his third British Championship in six years.
He is the son of 1961 Formula One World Champion Phil Hill.
The team featured Americans Jimmy Murphy and Joe Boyer with Frenchman Albert Guyot.
McConville now works with the Zagame Automotive Group, 430 Swan Street Richmond 3121.
He took the first win for a Frenchman in the category at the 2015 World RX of Germany.
He drove in the USAC Championship Car series, racing in the 1965-1967 seasons, with 29 career starts, including the 1966 Indianapolis 500.
Steve Rikert is a former racing driver who competed in the Barber Dodge Pro Series and the USF2000.
In 2009, Räikkönen was listed as the 2nd highest-paid athlete in the world, behind Woods.
He races the #777 DIRTcar Big Block Modified at dirt track circles in the NorthEast.
Having previously competed in the Asian Formula Renault Series, Formula Pilota China and Asian Touring Car Series amongst others.
Jon Lancaster is a British Auto racing driver.
Douglas would race with Image Racing in 2013 in the ex-Shane van Gisbergen, Stone Brothers Racing Ford FG Falcon.
He competed in one other race that year and failed to qualify for two more.
His best career speed is 327.19 mph on September 26, 2015 in St. Louis, MO.
Sauce entered into the Indianapolis 500 twice, but he did not qualify either time.
Kin Veng Ng is a Macanese racing driver currently competing in the Macau Touring Car Championship.
19 Holden VF Commodore for Tekno Autosports in the Virgin Australia Supercars Championship.
Daniel Clos Álvarez is a Spanish professional racecar driver who was previously the test driver for the now defunct HRT Formula One team.
Basil Shaaban is a Lebanese racing driver, and was raised primarily in Abu Dhabi.
Fengler acted as Chief Steward of the Indianapolis Motor Speedway from 1958 until 1974.
He returned to the WTCC in 2009 for Engstler Motorsport.
"George" Chou Chin Nan is a Taiwanese racing driver currently competing in the TCR Asia Series.
In 1998, he won the Italian Formula Three Championship with Prema Powerteam.
He drove as a relief driver in the 1927 Indianapolis 500 for Dave Evans.
David Russell is an Australian racing driver.
Molly Taylor is an Australian rally car driver from Sydney, NSW.
In 2009 he was the replacement for Duncan Tappy in the Superleague Formula for Galatasaray.
Thane Houser was an American racecar driver.
He was born in Denver Colorado on October 25, 1910.
Ben Jones was an American racecar driver.
Mercedes placed Franchitti in CART in 1997 with the Hogan Racing team.
In 2006, Danilo crossed the Atlantic Ocean back to America.
Ian Dyk, is an Australian race driver.
His 62 wins between his start in 1985 and 1996, which were the most for any driver between the late 1970s and 1996.
During the year he twice finished on the podium to claim 11th place in the final standings.
During his stay in the latter he drove for three different manufacturers – Opel, then BMW, and finally Alfa Romeo.
Sam Posey is a retired American racing driver and sports broadcast journalist.
He also drove the car in the double-header in Edmonton.
His son Bob is also a sports broadcaster.
Albert Costa Balboa is a Spanish racing driver.
He completed twelve races with five podiums and no wins.
Robbie left in style, winning their last race together at Homestead-Miami Speedway.
Jim Pla is a French racing driver.
Tsugio Matsuda is a Japanese professional racing driver.
Later that week he revealed that he and his team are preparing for him to make his IndyCar Series debut later in 2008.
Nick Tandy is a professional British racing driver currently racing for Porsche Motorsport as a factory driver in the FIA World Endurance Championship LMP1 class.
He scored no points, and missed the final two rounds following the multiple collision at Brands Hatch.
He finished in the top ten 7 times, with his best finish in 8th position in 1976 at both College Station and Michigan International Speedway.
He currently drives for Mercedes-Benz in the Deutsche Tourenwagen Masters
Since then he has entered in the car category, taking the win in the 2014 edition of the race.
Snyder won the 1937 track championship at the Chicago Armory & Riverview.
He has raced in the Hong Kong Touring Car Championship and the Canadian Touring Car Championship.
His best finish in a CART race was a pair of 5th places that year.
He continued racing in the Pro 4 division, winning the 2013 title.
He slammed into the stationary car of Carl Breeze, which had spun and lay side-on in the middle of the circuit, at close to full speed.
Dyson began competing in amateur SCCA competition in 1974 and began racing professionally in IMSA GTO and the Trans-Am Series in 1982.
He has won the National Points Championship eleven times and the World Championship eight times.
He was the Rookie of the year in CART 1980 season finishing in 12th in season points, his best season.
She participated in three novice motorcycle races in the 80 cc – 110 cc category.
Herbert Allen Ardinger was an American racecar driver.
In 2007 he competed in amateur SCCA Formula Atlantic in the United States and finished 9th at the SCCA Runoff National Championships at Heartland Park Topeka.
He captured five race wins and won the 1988 championship.
Chiappe stayed for 2002 before making the step-up to F1 full-time in 2003, but returned to the S3000 class in 2006 and won the championship.
Percy Ford was an American racecar driver.
He is represented as an actor by Osbrink and managed under Society Entertainment.
He raced in the 1999-2000 seasons with 8 career starts.
Robert Lawrie was a British alpine and polar equipment specialist and racing driver.
Jakub "Kuba" Giermaziak is a Polish racing driver.
Zach Veach is an American auto racing driver, currently competing in the Verizon Indycar Series.
On 16 September 2012, Luff won his first ever V8 Supercars race, teaming up with Vodafone's Craig Lowndes at the Sandown 500.
She currently competes part-time in the NASCAR Xfinity Series, driving the No.
Mishael Abbott is a female race car driver.
He is the managing director of Norscott Vending.
Unser has competed in the Indy Lights series and Toyota Atlantics Championship.
He is the son of Ray Mallock and grandson of Arthur Mallock, who were also professional racers.
Tom Bagley, is a former driver in the USAC and CART Championship Car series.
Bill also raced in 5 Indianapolis 500s with a best finish of 14th.
In 2010 he will serve as the full-time driver coach for the U.S. F2000 National Championship.
The following year, he competed in Formula 2000 races in both the US and Canada.
He has also raced in the World Touring Car Championship.
Since 2010 he has run and driven a Volkswagen Golf in the British Touring Car Championship.
He made his debut in the D1 Grand Prix in the 3rd round in 2001, driving the Blitz D1 Spec ER34 Skyline which he still drives.
He has previously raced in US Formula Ford.
He died on 7 August 2016, aged 86.
Daisuke Itō is a Japanese racing driver.
At the time of his death, Johnson held a record 26 NHRA titles in the Alcohol Division, until he was later surpassed by Rick Santos.
He finished 8th overall, passing among others both Tom Chilton and Gordon Shedden in the new style Hoda Civic run by Team Dynamics.
Inès Taittinger is a French racing driver.
Subaru withdrew from rallying at the end of the 2005 season.
Nicholas "Nick" Andries is an American open-wheel racing driver from Pinellas Park, Florida.
A former development driver for Richard Childress Racing and a former member of NASCAR NEXT.
Including the triumph classes, Marian Bublewicz won the Polish Rally Championship 20 times.
His best finish in the Point Standings first came in 2011 when he won the NHRA Full Throttle Championship in Top Fuel.
In fact, he got the scar when on his 8th birthday - he was teaching someone to drive a tractor.
He will compete in the FIA World Endurance Championship with Team Felbermayr-Proton.
Salvatore Cicatelli is a professional racing driver from Italy.
He finished 12th in points with a best finish of 2nd on the 1.5-mile Atlantic City Speedway board oval.
Driving for the Full Time Racing Team, he took two podium finishes, including one race win, to finish the season in fifth place.
Williams attempted to qualify for the Indianapolis 500 every year from 1933 to 1941 but only succeeded in qualifying in 1936, 1940, and 1941.
He scored points in 4 of the 6 races at those 2 rounds, but entered no further BTCC rounds.
He dominated the field, winning 7 of the 12 races in the season driving the #4 car for the Fulmar Panther team.
He was taking part in the rally for personal enjoyment.
He raced in the 1977-1980 seasons, with 31 combined career starts, including the 1978-1979 Indianapolis 500.
She is most notable for winning the Ginetta Junior Championship in 2009, and for competing in the InterSteps Championship in 2011.
He is the Vice President and Sporting Director of Dyson Racing.
He won four NHRA Top Alcohol Funny Car championships between 1987 and 1991.
Martin was the 2008 UK MINI Challenge Champion with Forster Motorsport.
He drove in the 2006 Freedom 100 Indy Pro Series event.
Zhang Shan Qi who was born in Heilongjiang, China in 1991.
and shared the winning drive at the 2004 Betta Electrical 500.
Robert Tyler Wickens is a Canadian racing driver, currently driving in the Deutsche Tourenwagen Masters for the HWA Team.
Ivan Mishyn is a Ukrainian rally codriver, Ukrainian rally vice-champion, European rally champion in ERC Production Cup category, and The Boar ProRacing team codriver.
He was born in Lisbon, and is best known for his appearances in the Portuguese Touring Car Championship.
Bruno Senna Lalli is a Brazilian professional racing driver currently racing for Aston Martin in the FIA World Endurance Championship.
Rob's son Chris Dyson currently drives for the team.
He currently drives in Blancpain Series Asia for GruppeM Racing and in VLN for Walkenhorst Motorsport.
After a few years out of competition Ben made his return to the British Drift Championship in 2013, now back in a JZX81 Chaser.
Claude Beat Fehr was a racing driver from Switzerland, born in Zurich.
Menasheh Idafar is a British racing driver with dual Bahraini citizenship.
In 1985, he raced again with Zanussi for Lancia.
He was nicknamed "The Great Dane" because he was 6 feet 4 inches tall.
After karting, he began his auto racing career in the Formula RUS series in 2006.
Merrill Henry "Doc" Williams was an American racecar driver.
He also hosts his own podcast, "The Mayor on Air with James Hinchcliffe" where he interviews drivers and others involved with the IndyCar series.
His brother, Cacá Bueno, is also a racing driver.
He finished 6th in the standings, scoring two podiums.
He only made two Championship Car starts in races other than the Indy 500.
This continued until he was able to race cars at the age of 16.
He lost control of his car and skidded sideways into a concrete wall.
These results earned him his first A1 Grand Prix berth for A1 Team South Africa as the test driver in Taupo, New Zealand.
He practiced in Mexico, but did not race.
Prior to his involvement in motor racing, he received his Business Degree from Michigan State University.
He was nicknamed the "Texas Cyclone" since he was from Waco, Texas, United States.
He is currently a member of the Red Bull Racing Simulator Development Program.
He later served on the engineering school's Board of Overseers.
Richard Plant is a British racing driver.
Wittmann has competed in such series as Formula Three Euroseries and Formula BMW ADAC/Europe.
His father is from India and his mother is German-speaking Swiss.
He is the only Portuguese driver to have scored a Formula One podium finish.
He has been sponsored throughout his career by the Angolan oil company Sonangol.
He was Runner-up in 2009 and 2013.
He continued to do the same until 2001, when he drove in Formula 3000 only.
He won the 2017 24 Hours of Le Mans with Earl Bamber and Timo Bernhard.
2007 and 2008 he raced in the Bathurst 12 Hour and 2007 Australian Production Car Championship finishing 8th.
Jim Hill was an American racecar driver.
Jack Aitken is a British-Korean racing driver.
As the overall winner of the 2014 NASCAR Whelen Euro Series season, he received his license to compete in the NASCAR K&N Pro Series East.
He has competed in the D1 World All Stars Drift Championship in 2006 and 2007.
He raced in the 1969–1979, 1981 and 1983 seasons, with 111 combined career starts, and started in the Indianapolis 500 all but 1969–1970.
In 2008, ESPN.com ranked him 24th on their "Top 25 Drivers of All Time" list.
In addition he is the north Florida representative for NOS Energy Drink.
Michael Marshall is a professional drift driver, competing in the British Drift Championship.
In 1984, Fabi became the last active Formula One driver to race at the Indy 500, until Fernando Alonso in 2017.
In 2009, 2010 and 2011 he became the European Rallycross Champion with a Ford Focus.
Przemyslaw Mazur is a Polish rally codriver.
Munkong "Turbo" Sathienthirakul is a Thai racing driver currently competing in the TCR Asia Series.
Now doing well, she is married to Canadian sports-car racer and three-time Indianapolis 500 veteran Ludwig Heimrath, Jr. living in western Washington State.
In 1997 and 1998 he won his class in the Minneapolis Grand Prix.
Harrison Newey is a British racing driver and the son of Marigold Newey and famed Formula One engineer Adrian Newey.
The combination competed in the first three races of the season with a best finish of tenth in the season opener in St. Petersburg.
He was again nominated as BRDC Superstars and British MSA Race Elite Driver.
Kevin Allen is a race car driver born in the USA.
In 2000, he sold the team to MB2 Motorsports.
He won the Pikes Peak Hillclimb nine times between 1934 and 1953.
Booth then briefly competed in Indy Lights in the USA,
She has also a member of the Spanish Female Team in the Trial des Nations, helping the team win the event five times.
After a long successful season and a duel with Toivonen and his Porsche, the Italians eventually won the European Championship.
He competes in the American Canadian Tour.
Herman Austin Johnson, was a driver in the CART Indy Car series, born in Eau Claire, Wisconsin.
To some, he was the closest thing Holden had to a star racing driver, before Peter Brock.
He won the Championnat de France Formule Renault in 1997.
In 2012, he and Frédéric Makowiecki collected five wins and resulted vice-champion, now driving a McLaren MP4-12C.
She has won several championships including back to back Australian Rally Championships in the F16 Class for 2007 and 2008.
One secret to his success was a mixture of 40 percent nitromethane and not the grinding of the cam, as was commonly told.
In 2003, he finished third in the championship of the French Community and the first championship of Hainaut.
In his comeback season, he won the 2012 Abu Dhabi Grand Prix.
At nineteen, he became champion for Madrid City and then made his participation in an official circuit racing championship in 2009.
Joey Saldana, known as the "Brownsburg Bullet", is an American sprint car racing driver.
On May 25, 2014 he checked into the hospital due to worsening conditions and he died the following day.
He currently competes in the Virgin Australia Supercars Championship, driving the No.
Malcolm Fox was an American racecar driver.
In season 2010, Valoušek was racing with Škoda Fabia S2000 for factory supported rally team.
For 2007, Carrio moved to the Champ Car Atlantic series, driving for Genoa Racing.
His best starting position was 11th in 1988 and 1989.
Fabian Coulthard is a British born New Zealand professional race car driver, currently competing in the Virgin Australia Supercars Championship, driving the No.
Along the way, he achieved seven round wins, and one pole position.
In 2004 the local United Sports Arizona Race Park hosted the Roger McCluskey Sprint Car Classic in his honor.
He returned to the Firestone Indy Lights Series, formerly the Indy Pro Series, in 2009 competing for Guthrie Meyer Racing.
Mark "Frosty" Winterbottom is an Australian professional racing driver.
He was a development driver for Penske Racing in the mid 2000s.
Shane Price, is an Australian motor racing driver who raced for two seasons in the V8 Supercar Championship Series in 2007 and 2008.
The next years, he continued racing for Honda and climbing up to a 3rd place in 2009 and a vice-championship in 2010.
Hervé Lemonnier, in motorsport better known under his pseudonym "Knapick", is a French rallycross, rally and ice racing driver of the Andros Trophy series.
Over the course of his career in the sport, Aberdein won almost 10% of races that he entered.
Juan Manuel Polar (born 24 September 1983 in Lima is a racing driver from Peru.
Nikolay Karamyshev is a Russian auto racing driver.
Along with rallying, Räikkönen also competed in NASCAR, and made his debut for Kyle Busch Motorsports in the Camping World Truck Series.
At the end of the season, Franchitti was named as BBC Scotland's Sports Personality of the Year.
As a co-driver he won the World Championship in 2007 and 2008 with Giuliano Mazzoni.
The team finished a remarkable 9th overall out of the 70-car field.
He spun off on the first lap and scored no World Championship points.
Scott Bloomquist is a nationally touring dirt late model race car driver in the United States.
He won the 2006 Formula Lista Junior championship season.
Davidson was the 2014 WEC World Champion, alongside his teammate, Sébastien Buemi.
Dominick raced full-time in the Atlantic Championship in the 2008 season.
Through 2013, he has claimed 91 professional race wins across 12 different North American road racing series and holds numerous World Challenge records.
He is a first cousin once removed of fellow NASCAR driver Carl Edwards.
Hansen was nicknamed the "Firecracker Kid" because he loved to throw the explosive devices under chairs and behind people who were gathered in groups.
Near season's end, he dropped to fifth, still his best ever effort.
He was unable to follow on his successes of the previous season as he only managed to scrape 16 pts.
She is the daughter of former Formula One driver Emilio de Villota, and sister of Emilio de Villota Jr., who similarly competed in Formula Palmer Audi.
Arthur Pic is a French racing driver who competed in the 2016 GP2 Series with Italian outfit Rapax.
The Joie Ray who started 25th in the 1952 Daytona race in a Henry J was white, from Portland, Oregon and little is known about him.
Junior Strous is a Dutch racing driver, racing team owner, and entrepreneur from Wassenaar.
Having spent a single season in the series, he then switched to the Ginetta G50 Cup for 2008, going on to win the title in 2010.
A long time competitor in United States Auto Club racing, Gamester collected the USAC National Midget title in 1989.
Wesley Crawford was an American racecar driver.
Son of Bill Kimmel, Jr. and nephew of Frank Kimmel.
Giupponi Franca is a Brazilian race car driver who competed in the Formula Super Vee and attempted to qualify for two Indycar races in 1988.
Len Ormsby was an American racecar driver.
Lee Bible was an American garage operator and a racing-car driver.
His first success was a third place in the 1993 German karting championship.
Ricardo van der Ende is a Dutch racing driver.
César Campaniço is a Portuguese racing driver.
Tom Ferrier is a British racing driver.
He got hooked and found out how expensive drifting was often spending more than $800 a month on petrol.
This would be short-lived with Ellery again choosing to run a family-run team with his father Bruce Ellery at the helm.
2008 sees him return to V8 Supercar competition again with his father Brian's Walden Motorsport team after being granted the 32nd licence.
Takuya Izawa is a Japanese racing driver.
He best known for having competed in the World Touring Car Championship.
He started his career racing with go-karts back in 1993 at age 8.
In 2010, he competed in the MSA Dunlop Formula Ford Championship of Great Britain racing with the JTR Team.
He is the founder and owner of Cascadevents since 2004.
From 1976 to 2003, he held the record for being the youngest winner of an Australian Touring Car Championship round.
Daniel la Rosa is a German racing driver.
Tomáš Kostka is a Czech racing driver, who lives in Beausoleil, Alpes-Maritimes.
Racing the Barrows owned OTR, Joey finished second in the 1995/96 World Series Sprintcars behind multiple Australian Sprintcar Champion Brooke Tatnell.
Max Dumesny is an Australian professional Sprintcar driver.
Ignazio Belluardo is an Italian racing driver.
John Reiser was a race car driver and successful businessman from Wisconsin.
Armaan Ebrahim is a car racer from Chennai, India.
Largely out of racing since the end of the 2005 season, Kite founded JK Hobby World in November 2006.
He soon graduated to a true racing car, buying a Bugatti Type 35B from compatriot Count Tivadar Zichy in 1929.
He began the season with Newman/Haas/Lanigan Racing, but switched to HVM Racing after the race in Kentucky Speedway.
John Martin is an Australian professional racing driver.
Barry Goldin is a BriSCA Formula 2 Stock Cars racing driver from Bolton, Greater Manchester who races under number 401.
The team rallied around Crocker who won the Forest Rally and Rally of Queensland on his way to winning his first Australian Rally Championship.
Mitchell Cunningham, known as Mitch Cunningham, is a New Zealand racing driver.
Cristiano Morgado is a South African race car driver of Portuguese descent residing in Durban, South Africa.
Ward was inducted into the Motorcycle Hall of Fame in 1999 and, was inducted into the Motorsports Hall of Fame of America on August 12, 2006.
Vandoorne is contracted to a full-time 2017 McLaren race seat, replacing the outgoing Jenson Button.. Vandoorne is currently residing in both Monte-Carlo and Roeselare.
In 2013, she raced two rounds for Gulf Racing Middle East and four with OAK Racing, both in the LMP2 class.
He finished second behind Sydney driver Garry Rush in the 1987 World Sprintcar Championship at Perth's Claremont Speedway.
Tom Alley was an American racecar driver.
Cameron Waters is an Australian motor racing driver who competes in the Virgin Australia Supercars Championship.
He will also drive for Walkinshaw Racing as a co-driver alongside James Courtney in the 2017 Pirtek Enduro Cup series.
Alessandro Pier Guidi is a racing driver from Italy.
Yasukawa started karting in Southern California, winning the California State Championship in 1991 in Junior Sportsman.
Patrick currently lives in Jackson, Michigan, United States.
Cornelius Willett Van Ranst was an American racing driver who competed in the 1921 Indianapolis 500.
Jordi Oriola Vila is a Spanish racing driver currently competing in the SEAT León Eurocup.
He made five starts in AAA Championship Car from 1929 to 1931.
Chiappe is one of the longest-serving current drivers in the field, having made his debut in 2001 and entered his first full season in 2003.
He was killed at Old Bridge Township Raceway Park, after an accident during qualifying.
From there he switched to saloon car racing in 1999, with two years in the French Super Production Championship.
Yuhki Nakayama in Kanazawa is a Japanese racing driver.
Fontaine competed in six early Championship Car races from 1912 to 1921 including the 1912 American Grand Prize and the 1921 Indianapolis 500.
Johncock was most often simply referred to as "Gordy."
He retired at age 37 to pursue both an engineering career and more time with his growing family.
Marco L. Sørensen is a Danish racing driver currently racing for Aston Martin Racing as a factory driver in the FIA World Endurance Championship.
In 2008, Amato's record of five championships in the Top Fuel division was beaten by Tony Schumacher, who won his sixth championship that year.
Darren Hossack is a multiple-championship winning Australian race car driver.
Alex Barron is an American race car driver.
Klaus Abbelen is a butcher master, an entrepreneur for meat products, and a race car driver.
the ARTA team won the race the following day.
Butler was highly regarded for his technical skills and performed chief mechanic duties on several of his winning race cars.
In 2008, Biter raced in the Turkish Touring Car Championship's Super 2000 category driving a BMW 320si for Borusan Otomotiv Motorsport team.
He leased land from a local farmer and after 3 years sold the interest to the plane and the field to a group of businessmen.
Eric Medlen was an NHRA Fuel Funny Car driver.
Peter Lawrence Chesson, Jr is an American race car driver who most recently competed in the Indy Racing League IndyCar Series.
He continued to race SCCA into the 2000s, but was injured in a crash in 2008.
His racing heroes include Ayrton Senna, Nelson Piquet and Valentino Rossi.
He broke his elbow while racing, so he decided to modify and tune a Nissan Skyline specifically for drag racing.
Tomy Drissi is an American stock and sports car racing driver, and an advertising executive in the movie industry.
William John Vukovich II is a former driver in the championship car division of USAC and CART series.
Its eastern boundary was once defined by the River Westbourne, which is now in a pipe above Sloane Square tube station.
He was also involved with the organization of the Castrol International Rally and a recipient of the Motorsport South African Lifetime Achievement award.
This accident was caught on film by the makers of the 1929 silent film Speedway and the horrific crash can be seen in the last reel.
John Roberts is an on-air broadcaster for NASCAR coverage on Fox Sports 1.
He continued in IndyCar for two more years until his back was injured at the 2005 Indianapolis 500.
The following year, Hedrick signed former Nationwide champion Joe Nemechek for a run at Rookie of the Year.
Despite this, Allison was still 17th in the championship.
He is also competing in karting races in Brazil and USA since 2007.
Maxwell missed out on sharing the title because he skipped one race to compete at Le Mans for Panoz Motor Sports.
Crocker continued as Bourne's backup until Bourne's death in a traffic accident in early 2003.
William James "Rocky" Moran Jr. is an American racing driver from Irvine, California.
He won a pair of F3000 events and briefly led Vitantonio Liuzzi in the 2004 championship before Liuzzi went on to win the next three races.
Marcel was killed at Thruxton in Hampshire, during round 3 of the 1992 British Formula Three season.
Barker is the daughter of Ron Barker who raced super stocks at the Las Vegas Motor Speedway.
with Triple Eight Race Engineering in the British Touring Car Championship.
Force owns and drives for John Force Racing.
He is the eldest son and heir of the 18th Duke of Norfolk and his wife Georgina.
