The Chennai Egmore – Thanjavur main line is part of Chennai - Viluppuram - Thanjavur - Tiruchirappalli line.
It was actually 20 miles away when founded in 1912 and used well water instead until being annexed to L.A. city in 1917.
Stations along the line included Mosby, Vennesla, Grovene, Iveland and Hægeland.
It connects Kanazawa-hakkei in Kanazawa-ku, Yokohama with Shinzushi in Zushi, all in Kanagawa Prefecture.
The Soden Railway is a line in the western suburbs of Frankfurt am Main and was one of the oldest railways in Germany, opened in 1847.
The Yellow Line is a planned elevated mass rapid transit line to be built in Bangkok and Samut Prakan Province, Thailand.
The Agatsuma Line is a local rail line in Gunma, Japan, and is part of the East Japan Railway Company network.
The Naruto Line is a railway line in Japan operated by Shikoku Railway Company.
The project is to be built in two phases.
The line was built by SNC-Lavalin, and InTransitBC will manage the line for 35 years under a contract with TransLink.
It runs from Würzburg via Gemünden and Aschaffenburg to Hanau.
Finally the Córdoba Central would be added to Ferrocarril Belgrano network after all the Argentine railways were nationalised in 1948.
It was electrified by BR under the 1955 Modernisation Plan.
It is a major axis for long distance passenger and freight trains between the Ruhr and the north and east of Germany.
Medellin once had a standard steel wheeled tramway network.
The Funiculaire de Saint-Hilaire du Touvet, or Saint-Hilaire du Touvet Funicular, is a funicular railway in the département of Isère in the Rhône-Alpes region of France.
It runs from Kanayama Station in Naka Ward to Nagoyako Station in Minato Ward, all within Nagoya.
It consists of 37 metro stations from Samaypur Badli in Delhi to HUDA City Centre in the neighbouring city of Gurgaon.
The Kronberg Railway is now the northern part of Frankfurt S-Bahn line S4, which connects Langen, Frankfurt am Main and Kronberg im Taunusin Hesse, Germany.
The Red Line is one of the two lines on the Dubai Metro network in Dubai, United Arab Emirates.
Line 3 is one of the few subway lines in both Korea and the world that has every stations being equipped with platform screen doors.
The Gyeongjeon Line is a railway line serving South Gyeongsang and South Jeolla Provinces in South Korea.
It runs between Inderlok and Mundka with a branch line connecting the line's Ashok Park Main station with Kirti Nagar station on the Blue Line.
The Formartine and Buchan Railway was a railway in the north east of Scotland.
The Hanoverian Southern Railway is a historical term but it is still a common name for the line between Hanover and Kassel.
Originally the line ran from Athenæum to Sagene Church.
The line was named after the district of Hibiya, under which it passes.
The Altdorf–Flüelen tramway was a metre gauge electric tramway in the Swiss canton of Uri.
Sectional trains operate on weekdays, between Huaxin and Tangkeng, from 7:15 a.m. to 9:15 a.m. and from 5:45 p.m. to 7:45 p.m.
The line was electrified at 600 V DC.
Although located entirely inside North Hamgyŏng Province, this line is one of the DPRK's main trunk railways.
It was the primary railway through the Hunsrück, having both passenger and freight services.
The Samastipur–Muzaffarpur section is a railway line connecting Samastipur to Muzaffarpur in the Indian state of Bihar.
The Meitetsu Hiromi Line is a railway line in Japan operated by the private railway operator Nagoya Railroad.
According to SELRAP, the Airedale line is the most heavily utilised passenger route outside the South East of England.
The line is locally known as "Torokko in Hozu gorge."
The Monte Generoso railway or Ferrovia Monte Generoso is a mountain railway line in the Italian speaking canton of Ticino, in south-east Switzerland.
East Washington was a local line of the Pacific Electric Railway serving Pasadena until 1941.
The Taunus Railway is a double-track electrified railway line, which connects Frankfurt and Wiesbaden, Germany.
An extension to the northwest city limits has completed conceptual design, and a further extension is proposed through the city of St. Albert on Highway 2/St.
All stations have low platforms, but all except Valley Road have been retrofitted with wheelchair lifts or wooden ramps for handicapped accessibility.
Part of this route is preserved as the Lakeside & Haverthwaite Railway.
The Carlingford railway line is a minor railway line in Sydney, Australia.
In 1966, the Oslo Metro opened, including the tunnel from Tøyen via Grønland to Jernbanetorget.
The Turgi–Koblenz–Waldshut railway line was opened on 18 August 1859 by the Swiss Northeastern Railway.
The original route, abandoned in 1995, was one of the few narrow-gauge railways in South Korea.
It was damaged during the 1995 Great Hanshin earthquake.
The company was absorbed by the Wisconsin Valley Electric Company in 1916.
The line is served by frequent passenger trains from Seoul to Yeosu.
The Bina–Katni line is the railway route between Bina Junction railway station of Bina and New Katni Junction railway station of Katni in Madhya Pradesh, India.
It is scheduled to be completed no earlier than 2017.
The stations and all passenger services are currently operated by Greater Anglia.
Metro-North leased the entire line from NS in 2003, with the possibility of outright purchase after 2006.
The terminus at the eastern end is Luxembourg railway station.
The line traverses western Odisha and connects the Howrah-Nagpur-Mumbai line with the Howrah-Chennai main line.
The line has a total length of 2,690 km and passes through Shanghai Municipality, Zhejiang, Jiangxi, Hunan, Guizhou and Yunnan Province.
It is central to the provision of fast, long-distance Intercity and Express passenger services between Kerala and other cities of India.
Except for one weekday off-peak train that operates from Stamford to Waterbury, all trains on this branch operate as shuttles between Waterbury and Bridgeport.
The line was taken over by Oslo Sporveier in 1924.
It is part of one of the most important north-south trunk routes in Europe and also carries tourist traffic for the Gastein Valley.
The name "Uetsu" refers to the ancient provinces of Dewa and Echigo, which the line connects.
Many of the passengers on the trains are tourists but one can also expect to meet locals visiting Inverness for shopping, and commuters.
The BNSF Railway Line is a Metra commuter rail line operated by the BNSF Railway in Chicago and its surrounding suburbs.
Incheon Subway Line 1 is a 29.4-kilometer north-south subway line, part of the Incheon Subway system.
The Rewari–Rohtak line is a railway line that connects Rewari and Rohtak in the Indian state of Haryana.
The Green Line is a 3.3 mi METRORail light rail/streetcar line operated by METRO in Houston, Texas, serving the East End area.
The U3 is a line on the Frankfurt U-Bahn.
It currently travels through 16.3 kilometres in 34 minutes along its route, serving 17 stations.
The main line is part of the Howrah-Chennai main line.
The project's cost has been estimated at £31.2 billion.
Central Japan Railway Company now operates the facilities and research.
The Kholodnohirsko–Zavodska Line is a line of the Kharkiv Metro, serving Kharkiv, the second largest city in Ukraine.
The line stretches 147.2 km along the Sea of Japan coast with a total of 43 stations.
The West Trenton Line is a SEPTA Regional Rail line connecting Center City Philadelphia to West Trenton, New Jersey.
With the construction of a shorter railway line for a part of the route, the 410 kilometres stretch was assigned a separate identity.
The nearby Wilton Collieries Co complained that they too did not have public money put into building their line and river bridge.
In Herford this route is known as the Lippische Bahn.
The P'yŏngyang—Sŏgam section is under the jurisdiction of the P'yŏngyang Railway Bureau, while the Sŏgam—Sinŭiju section is under the Kaech'ŏn Railway Bureau.
It has two services: Service A runs between North Jiading and Disney Resort, while Service B runs between Huaqiao in Kunshan and Sanlin.
Out of the 17 stations, 9 stations are underground and 8 are elevated.
It connects the provincial capital of Jilin City and the eastern provincial city of Hunchun near the border with Russia and North Korea.
The branchline was originally built for maintenance purposes, but was upgraded for passenger service from 20 December 1990 when JR East developed the ski resort.
Lowe’s partner and engineer was David J. Macpherson, a civil engineer graduate of Cornell University.
This is the only railway line Gakunan Electric Train Co., Ltd. operates.
Built in 1966-1975 and extended in 2013–15, it cuts Moscow on a northwest-southeast axis and contains 23 stations.
As of 2012-09-28, published schedules show a number of G-series trains running from the new Zhengzhou East Railway Station via Wuhan to Guangzhou.
It also passes through the westernmost part of the Saarland along the Moselle for a few kilometres.
It was built as the Fichtel Range Railway.
The last line of the original 1898 Paris Métro plan, which opened in December 1913, was initially intended to link the Porte d'Auteuil and Opéra stations.
It starts at Hamburg Hauptbahnhof and runs via Harburg to Stade.
The line is referred to by Ferrovie dello Stato as the Linea Lenta to distinguish it from the parallel high-speed line.
The line is owned by the Norwegian National Rail Administration and operated by the Norwegian State Railways using Class 69 trains.
The line connects cities of Habikino, Tondabayashi and Kawachi-Nagano in Osaka Prefecture, terminates at Kawachinagano with connection to Nankai Electric Railway Kōya Line.
The Watford DC line is a commuter railway line from London Euston to Watford Junction.
It is also the first Metro line to leave the island.
From there it runs through Rathenow, Stendal, Oebisfelde, Wolfsburg and Gifhorn to Lehrte, where it connects with the Hanover–Brunswick line to Hanover.
It connects with the Bavarian Allgäu Railway and the Iller Valley Railway at Kempten.
The Montreux–Glion–Rochers-de-Naye Railway is an electrically operated rack railway in Switzerland with a track gauge of 800 mm.
It was opened in 1867 by the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway.
The section from Oberhausen-Sterkrade to Herne was electrified between 1963 and 1975.
At one point, the line had a branch to Country Club Park by way of Mendocino Street, in present-day Altadena.
The Shitai Passenger Railway is a 190-kilometre long high-speed railway in China, running from Shijiazhuang to Taiyuan at 250 kilometres per hour.
The track gauge is 750 mm and operates year-round.
The Rosenheim–Salzburg railway is a continuous double track and electrified main line railway almost entirely within the German state of Bavaria.
The branch begins at the Main Line at Queens Interlocking, just east of Queens Village station.
Daegu Metro Line 2 is the second rapid transit line in the South Korean city of Daegu.
From the top station at Bailey Street, adjacent to the Castle Shannon Incline top station, No.
Under environmental evaluation since 2 March 2012 and stated for construction in 2014, Phase I will be operational by 2017.
235-kilometre long railway line in Hungary that connects the Hungarian capital city Budapest with Nagykanizsa and Murakeresztúr.
The line was completed in 1908 and was fully operational by 1909.
As of 29 June 2013, all construction on the Line O has been completed.
The line forms part of the suburban rail networks in both cities.
With the completion of the current line sections, both services ended.
It is owned and operated by Hokuriku Railroad.
The Howrah–Chennai main line is a railway line connecting Chennai and Kolkata cutting across Eastern Coastal Plains of India.
The terminal stations are situated at Aristippou street, in Kolonaki, and the Chapel of St. George, near the top of the hill.
The line then crosses into the Kocaeli Province into Gebze, where it terminates.
This will run parallel to existing Delhi - Mathura main line.
There was also a connection with the Tramways de Corrèze at Saint Bonnet Avalouze.
The funicular is composed of two separate and independent sections, with an interchange station between the two at Höhenweg.
The Sagami Line is a railway line in Kanagawa Prefecture, Japan, operated by East Japan Railway Company.
Hu and Ning are, respectively, shorthand Chinese names for Shanghai and Nanjing.
The line is owned and maintained by Kollektivtransportproduksjon and has nine stations.
The East Point station opened, extending the line two miles to the south.
It is under the jurisdiction of East Central Railway and South Eastern Railway.
The Bicutan AGT is an automated guideway transit system under construction and development as of 2011 within the City of Taguig the Philippines.
It will connect the provincial capital Guangzhou with Qingyuan, a branch line will connect to Guangzhou Baiyun International Airport.
In addition to Salt Lake City, it also serves the communities of South Salt Lake, Murray, Midvale, Sandy and Draper.
Owned by the Metropolitan Railway and the Great Central Railway, the railway was nationalised in 1948.
As of April 2016, the Xinzhuang Depot was still under construction and expected to be finished on January 2018, completing the Xinzhuang Line.
A round-ended observation car was also a regular part of the Gulf Wind consist.
LSWR trains first reached Plymouth in 1876 and the route took on its final form in 1891.
Line 16 is a southern line of the Shanghai Metro network.
It is one of two railway routes between Birmingham and Worcester, the other route runs via Kidderminster.
It is fully electrified route in today's date.
It is the part of the trunk line built by the Cologne-Minden Railway Company from Köln Deutz to Minden.
The line follows the path of former Metro Transit bus route 16 along University Avenue and Washington Avenue.
It is estimated to cost $10 billion.
The Yokohama Municipal Subway Green Line is a line of the Yokohama Municipal Subway in the city of Yokohama, in Kanagawa Prefecture, Japan.
The single-track, standard gauge railway was an industrial railway operated by the power station owned by Oslo Lysverker and the Norwegian Water Resources and Energy Directorate.
S-Train) is a South Korean tourist train operated by Korail.
22% of the line is laid with concrete sleepers, and it is the only railway line in North Korea capable of speeds of 100 km/h.
The branch runs from 3:50 a.m. to 1:05 a.m. on weekdays, 4:50 a.m. to 1:05 a.m. on Saturdays and 4:50 a.m. to 1:05 a.m. on Sundays/Holidays.
This stringer bore a wear strip upon which the rail cars pressed a wheel for balance.
The line is constructed to standard gauge and is electrified using the Swiss standard of 15 kV  16 2⁄3 Hz AC supplied by overhead line.
The line has appreciably shortened journey times, the journey from Paris to Brussels now taking 1:22.
The Red Line is a 12.8-mile METRORail light rail route operated by METRO in Houston, Texas.
Conrail retained the ex-Lehigh Valley main line and named it the Lehigh Line.
It connects to the UNESCO World Heritage Site Kalka–Shimla Railway.
Not included here, but having their own articles, are the Newhaven & Seaford branch and Kemp Town branch.
At Oslo Hospital, the line connects to the Gamleby Line, which runs to the city center.
Its termini were Pacific Electric Building and San Pedro and it operated between 1904 and 1958, after which the light rail service was replaced by buses.
Although primarily carrying passengers, the railway serves a gypsum mine which is a source of freight traffic.
The Basingstoke and Alton Light Railway was a railway in Hampshire, UK, opened on Saturday, 1 June 1901, with no formal ceremony.
Because of the failure of the Tanganyika Groundnut Scheme the rail system was deprived of its economic existence.
At Jiujiang, the Nanchang–Jiujiang Intercity Railway will connect with the Wuhan–Jiujiang Passenger Railway, which will provide a continuous high-speed line between Nanchang and Wuhan.
The Styal Line is a railway line in south Manchester and north-east Cheshire.
It is operated by the Southeastern Pennsylvania Transportation Authority in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, United States.
From 1853 technologically superior edge railways were built serving the area, and the Monmouth Railway declined and became dormant.
Following a promotional opening on Sunday October 26, 1981, regular service began the following Monday.
The vast majority of services connect to or from the Great Eastern Main Line and its London terminus at Liverpool Street.
The track gauge is 750 mm and operates year-round.
Travel time between the two end points was reduced by over half.
It was expanded again in 1998 and 2000.
The Como–Brunate funicular is a funicular railway that connects the city of Como with the village of Brunate in Lombardy, Italy.
The curve connecting to Bochum Central Station was opened in 1979.
The southern part opened on March 15, 2008.
The line may be built as a monorail rather than a traditional metro.
The Skreia Line is an abandoned railway line between Reinsvoll and Skreia in Toten, Norway.
From 1912 the connection to the Ullevål Hageby Line was opened through Hegdehaugsveien.
The F Street and H Street Loop was a line of the Bakersfield and Kern Electric Railway.
The line was built in 1891, over time it was lengthened until 1958 when it was connected to the Nordland Line.
It is part of the Staatslijn "E".
Like the former G Line, the R Line is the only line in the RTD rail system not serving downtown Denver.
Passenger services ceased at this time, with the line formally closed on 13 March 1990.
The line is served by Line 4 of the metro, which runs every fifteen minutes.
Passenger services were restored to the line in February 2008, after a gap of 46 years, using Class 150 diesel multiple units.
Nevertheless, due to thriving tourist traffic, the line survived for a long time until both passenger and goods services were withdrawn on 25 September 1971.
A 23.6km Southern extension from Tao Poon to Rat Burana via Wong Wian Yai was approved for tender by the Thai Cabinet on 25 July 2017.
The Takamori Line is Japanese railway line in Kumamoto Prefecture, between Tateno Station, Minamiaso, and Takamori Station, Takamori.
The line is named after Moses Sherman, who built the line and built Sherman street car yard on the line in West LA.
Services on this line stop at every station on the line, although Pleasington, Hapton and Burnley Barracks are now request stops only.
Passenger services, all operated by South West Trains, either loop back to Waterloo by the junctions or continue southwest via Feltham.
The 53 km line passes through the plains of North Bihar and the Gangetic Plain in Bihar.
The project was previously branded as Rochester Rail Link.
The Brügge–Lüdenscheid railway is a single-track, non-electrified branch line in the German state of North Rhine-Westphalia.
The Hendon railway line was a railway in western Adelaide that was used mainly for industrial purposes in the mid 20th century.
Sun Link, also known as the Tucson Streetcar, is a single-line streetcar system in Tucson, Arizona, United States, that began service in July 2014.
BNSF Railway operates it under a "purchase of service agreement" with Metra; management and crews are BNSF employees and Metra owns the equipment.
The Mount Washington Cog Railway is the world's first mountain-climbing cog railway.
The route traverses the southern shore of Istanbul's Asian side, passing through important districts: Kadıköy, Maltepe, Kartal, Pendik and Tuzla.
The Tinnoset Line was a 30-kilometer long Norwegian railway line that went from Tinnoset to Notodden in Telemark.
It is the only Metra line powered by overhead catenary, and the only one with three branches.
The Bhusawal–Kalyan section is part of the Howrah-Nagpur-Mumbai line and Howrah-Allahabad-Mumbai line.
The part in Luxembourg is designated as line 6.
Construction work began on November 4, 2009.
It is Scandinavia's only railway with a rail gauge of 1,000 mm, though the nearby Trondheim Tramway also features this gauge.
High winds brought down five tall catenary poles, approximately five miles of catenary, and 49 trees across the tracks.
Nowadays, services on the line are operated by the state-owned company Trenes Argentinos, the concessionary of Puente Alsina-Marinos del Crucero General Belgrano branch.
The most difficult section was the 14 km stretch between Pracchia and Pistoia, which had a drop of 500 metres.
The national railway company Vietnam Railways owns and operates the line.
The expenditure upon the railway and bridge during last financial year amounted to £16,503, and for the current year a vote of £30,000 is proposed."
The Jelgava–Meitene Railway is a 33 kilometres long, 1,524 mm gauge railway built in the 20th century to connect Jelgava and Tilsit.
It was in use from 1900 to 1961, serving the neighborhood of Rodeløkka.
The Silver Line is a proposed light rail extension for the LYNX network in Charlotte, North Carolina.
The Bury Line is a tram line of the Manchester Metrolink running from Manchester city centre to Bury in Greater Manchester.
The first section of line 96 opened in 1840 between Brussels and Tubize.
The Bernina railway is a single-track 1,000 mm metre gauge railway line forming part of the Rhaetian Railway.
It serves 11 stations and the line opened in 2012.
Line 4 has been under consideration for many years and apart from that, it has also been a promise of most politicians.
Many express services take the Taichung route.
Electrification would be extended further in the 1920s and the length of the electrified line would reach 52 miles before the N&W abandoned it in 1950.
It connects the town of Walsall to the city of Wolverhampton.
As of August 2011 the line is used by TGV services from Rang-du-Fliers via Calais-Fréthun to Lille-Europe and local TER Nord-Pas-de-Calais services.
The line starts at Secunderabad Junction and ends at Manmad Junction and has around 85 railway stations between them.
Prior to the 2014 opening of Metro 4, it was the only line that served Buda.
The Gloucester–Newport line is a railway line that runs along the west bank of the River Severn in the United Kingdom between Gloucester and Newport.
The railway closed to passengers in 1961, and to goods between 1964 and 1970.
Headways on the line vary from 2 minutes 18 seconds on peak periods  and 5–6 minutes off-peak periods.
It runs along the Isar river and is part of the line between Munich and Passau.
Additionally, Manhattan's West Side was rebuilt with the arrival of the line.
As of April 2016, the Xinzhuang Depot was still under construction and expected to be finished on January 2018, completing the Xinzhuang Line.
It runs to Cogload Junction where it joins the Bristol to Exeter and Penzance line.
Economically, it is a very important line, connecting P'yŏngyang with the coal mining and industrial centres of Pukch'ang, Tŏkch'ŏn and South P'yŏngan province.
Originally, free passenger trains services were also offered.
The City Line is a commuter railway line in Cardiff that runs between Radyr and Cardiff Central via Fairwater.
In 1952, the service was restarted in its current form.
Like Metro 3, it does not serve Buda.
The South Hokkaido Railway Company is a third-sector railway company based in Hakodate, Hokkaido, Japan.
In the long future, it will be extended further north to Ethniki Odos and to other important suburbs of Athens, like Marousi.
It was also one of the six state-owned Argentine railway companies formed after President Juan Perón's nationalisation of the railway network in 1948.
The line is 682 kilometres long and passes through Paraparaumu, Palmerston North, Taihape, National Park, Taumarunui, Te Kuiti, Hamilton, and Pukekohe.
It serves many cities in Senegal, including Thiès, and in Mali, including Kayes, Kita, Kati, Bamako.
The official name is Line 3 Ginza Line.
It was later rerouted to South Jordan and renamed the Red Line in August 2011, running as an all-day route.
It finally extended north to its current terminus at North Springs in 2000.
The Nanakuma Line is a subway line, part of the Fukuoka City Subway system in Fukuoka, Japan.
The route travels SSW from Leeds through Dewsbury.
It ran through the suburbs of Woodville, Woodville North, Pennington and Ottoway, connecting the Outer Harbor line with the Dry Creek-Port Adelaide line.
The Nyubskaya narrow-gauge railway is located in Arkhangelsk Oblast, Russia.
The Suffolk Traction Company is a former streetcar system in Suffolk County, New York.
The Manchester–Preston line runs from the city of Manchester to Preston, Lancashire.
It connects Kisarazu Station in Kisarazu to Kazusa-Kameyama Station in Kimitsu.
The S1 is a commuter rail route forming part of the Milan suburban railway service, which converges on the city of Milan, Italy.
It is one of two lines in the developing Seattle Streetcar system.
The Narkhed–Amravati line is a railway line connecting Narkhed town in Nagpur district and Amravati city, both in the Indian state of the Maharashtra.
After the railway was absorbed by the London Passenger Transport Board in 1933 the line was cut back to Aylesbury.
Barrie is one of the seven train lines of the GO Transit system in the Greater Toronto Area, Ontario, Canada.
Skyway is a people mover system operating at George Bush Intercontinental Airport in Houston, Texas.
The line is a section of the former Münster–Rheda–Lippstadt railway and is now operated as part of Deutsche Bahn’s Münster-Ostwestfalen regional network, based in Münster.
It will complement the existing 509 Harbourfront service which connects Union Station to Queens Quay west of Bay Street.
It is It has a total length of 85.5 km, of which all but 2.2 km is double track.
The Northampton loop is a railway line serving the town of Northampton.
Trains will use the low and medium speed magnetic levitation technology which can give a top speed of 105 kilometers per hour.
In 1971, the State railways built a new line from Pehlivanköy to the Bulgarian border at Kapıkule, bypassing Greek territory.
Currently, Line 1 of Metro Bilbao starts on the station of Etxebarri and finishes in the station of Plentzia.
To begin with only freight services ran between the stations within the city to the customs house and the harbour.
The name refers to a service between Ascot and Guildford which shares lines with other services except between Ascot and Ash Vale.
All the stations accept manaca, a rechargeable contactless smart card.
The line was constructed by the GSWR, At Cherryville Junction, Co. Kildare the line splits from the Cork line.
Construction will begin in 2015 with the first section of this line is set to be opened in 2023.
It is also known as the Rhine Valley Railway or the Upper Rhine Railway.
It is 4.9 mi long and has a boarding average of 53,601 passengers every weekday as of February 2013.
It serviced four stations; Actil, Woodville North, No.
The third sector company took over the former JR East line in 1988.
The line is served by route 17 and 18 by Oslo Sporvognsdrift using SL95 trams, while the tracks are owned by Kollektivtransportproduksjon.
The 13 km section between Piraeus and Agioi Anargyroi, a northern suburb of Athens, has been removed since.
The Utrecht–Kampen railway is an important railway line in the Netherlands running from Utrecht to Kampen, passing through Amersfoort and Zwolle.
On Sundays the number of trains rose from three to six over the course of the years.
It is part of the Kolkata Suburban Railway system.
The route largely follows the coast of the Ionian Sea.
It was previously known as the Cambridge Industrial Siding from 1996 to 2011, and as the Cambridge Branch Railway from 1977 to 1996.
Construction of the line was slated to begin in 2011, with the initial Tampa-Orlando phase completed by 2014.
In 2015, the IR Ishikawa Railway took over the Hokuriku Main Line at Tsubata, effectively isolating the Nanao Line from the rest of the JR network.
The line has been electrified as of 1 March 2015.
The first train went into service that day at 6:00 a.m. Hong Kong time.
The 504 King is an east-west streetcar route in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.
The Mundaring Weir Branch Railway was constructed from Mundaring, Western Australia to the site of the Mundaring Weir, and opened on 1 June 1898.
The full line started operation two years later on 28 June 1999.
The Limavady to Dungiven section of the line was closed on 3 July 1950.
The line is mostly on the viaduct.
The line offers both Commuter and Express train services, as well as in-town check-in and baggage check at Taipei Main Station.
The railroad loop has given its name to Chicago's downtown, which is known as the Loop.
The Merthyr branch serves Quakers Yard, Merthyr Vale, Troed-y-rhiw, Pentre-bach and Merthyr Tydfil.
The Murr Railway continues to Gaildorf on the Rot river, then to Schwäbisch Hall on the Kocher.
Its first phase runs from Casablanca to Kénitra with a half-hourly service in each direction, between 6 a.m. and 9.30 p.m.
The Tatanagar–Bilaspur section is part of the Howrah-Nagpur-Mumbai line and connects Tatanagar in the Indian state of Jharkhand and Bilaspur in Chhattisgarh.
The line is currently 82 kilometres in length with six stations and one branch line.
It is named for Broad Street, the street under which it runs for almost its entire length.
The line was to be 55 miles in length.
The Purple Line is a proposed line of the Dubai Metro network in Dubai, United Arab Emirates.
Originally called the Hunsrückbahn, the change of name occurred as adjustments to passenger service occurred between 1978 and 1984.
The Shanghai–Kunming Railway or Hukun Railway, also known as the Hukun Line, is a major arterial railroad across eastern, south central and southwest China.
The Purple Line is mostly elevated, with 12 elevated stations and 5 underground stations.
Mexico City Metro Line 5 is one of the 12 metro lines built in Mexico City, Mexico.
A partial restoration to Andover, New Jersey, is expected to be completed in 2019.
It connects the East Coast Main Line to the Tees Valley Line.
The railway also had a branch line, Matfors–Vattjom Railway that stayed privately owned, but was served by SJ.
Line 9 is a southwest-northeast line of the Shanghai Metro network.
The section between Brussels and Mechelen was completed in on May 5, 1835 and was the first railroad in Belgium.
The line was built and run by the Società per le Ferrovie Napoletane, founded in 1883, and is now operated by the EAV company.
As the current stations were built in the 1970s and 1980s, architecturally the line shows some of the best examples of late-Soviet architectural features.
It pulls a series of teak carriages built between 1921 and 1938.
The Saint-Jérôme Line was operated by the Canadian Pacific Railway between 1882 and 1981.
The line was completed on January 3, 1930.
The Weinheim–Worms railway is a non-electrified standard-gauge railway that formerly connected Weinheim, Viernheim, Lampertheim and Worms.
The Lier Line or LB is an abandoned railway line that ran through Lier in Norway.
As a part of the original plan, all of the stations along the Rantarata featured wooden station houses designed by the architect Bruno Granholm.
The 39.6-mile stretch of existing track between these junctions was relegated to secondary status and became known as the "Old Road".
The section from Moulamein to Balranald was closed in 1986.
The Belfast to Bangor line is a railway line in Northern Ireland, originally part of the Belfast & County Down Railway.
As of 2010, a proposed train dubbed the Northern Lights Express is in planning stages.
The Southern Railway is a non-electrified main line in the state of Baden-Württemberg, southern Germany.
The line also carries freight trains operated by DB Schenker, Freightliner and GB Railfreight, to the port of Felixstowe.
It was opened in 1877 by the Bergisch-Märkische Railway Company to connect the Ruhr Valley Railway to Essen Hauptbahnhof.
The other routes are via Mirzapur and via Bhadohi.
It is a branch of the Main Western line.
It is the busiest line in the Muni Metro system, serving an average of 41,439 weekday passengers in 2013.
Express passenger services on the line are operated by East Midlands Trains.
The Green Line or Line 2 is one of the two lines of Chennai Metro, Phase 1 Project.
It handles an average of 120,000 passengers daily.
Until the funicular was built, the village of St. Hilaire du Touvet was accessible only on foot, or by mule.
The Line 1 of Seville Metro connects the capital, Seville, with Mairena del Aljarafe, San Juan de Aznalfarache and Montequinto.
Established in 1984, it runs parallel to the line.
The line became operational on July 19, 2008, in time to serve the 2008 Summer Olympic Games.
The Wairarapa Line is a secondary railway line in the south-east of the North Island of New Zealand.
The Sunbeam was a named passenger train between Houston and Dallas on the Texas and New Orleans Railroad, a subsidiary of the Southern Pacific Railroad.
It is the highest in France and the fourth highest in Europe.
The Ravenswood Branch is a 4.7 mi long branch operated by the Brown Line "L" of the Chicago Transit Authority of Chicago, Illinois.
It runs from Hashimoto Station in Nishi Ward to Tenjin-Minami Station in Chūō Ward, all within Fukuoka.
The Tokyo Metro Tozai Line is a rapid transit line in Tokyo and Chiba Prefecture, Japan, owned and operated by Tokyo Metro.
On April 28, 2007, three new stations in Laval opened making it the second line to leave Montreal Island.
The Lake–Dan Ryan Line existed from the opening of the Dan Ryan branch on September 28, 1969 until February 21, 1993.
It is connected to Line U6 at Westbahnhof, Line U2 at Volkstheater, Line U1 at Stephansplatz and Line U4 at Landstraße.
The Syretsko-Pecherska Line is third line of the Kiev Metro, first opened in 1989.
The line opened on March 22, 1931, and has been electrically operated from the start.
It provides a connection from the Baden–Brugg line in Turgi to the Upper Rhine Railway in Waldshut.
CRT Line 3 runs from north to south, linking the districts separated by Chongqing's two main rivers, the Yangtze and Jialing rivers.
The Ipswich–Ely line is a railway line linking East Anglia to the English Midlands via Ely.
It is a component of the larger Central Plain Metropolitan Intercity Rail network.
The track is one of the 18 bottlenecks with capacity problems identified under the Bundesschienenwegeausbaugesetz of 1993.
Consequently, line 10 has changed the most of any other métro line during its lifetime.
The last long-distance trains were InterRegio trains on the line Cuxhaven-Luxembourg that were discontinued in 2001.
The Tokyu Ikegami Line is a railway line operated by the private railway operator Tokyu Corporation.
The PATCO Speedline is a rapid transit system operated by the Port Authority Transit Corporation, which runs between Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, and Camden County, New Jersey.
The main purpose of the 48.10-kilometre narrow gauge railway was to connect Eidsfos Verk to the mainline, although the railway also operated passenger trains.
The project is seen as vital in reducing traffic congestion within Aberdeen.
The line was opened on 6 September 1905.
The Oshiage Line passes through areas typical of Tokyo's shitamachi working-class sections known for their distinctively earthy atmosphere.
The line was constructed in two sections, north and south.
From the 1970s the line fell out of general use, although it was kept in case of war.
The Drammen Line is a 52.86-kilometre railway line between Oslo and Drammen, Norway, which was opened on 7 October 1872.
The stretch from Karlsruhe to Basle is also known as the Rhine Valley Railway and the Basle–Constance section as the Upper Rhine Railway.
It first opened, between Ethniki Amyna and Syntagma, on 28 January 2000, with Line 2.
The FL5 is a regional rail route.
The section from Nørresundby to Frederikshavn opened in 1871.
The line consists of a 175.5-kilometre railway, of which 24.6 km are in France and 150.8 km are in Spain.
The line originally connected to the Gyeongwon Line running from Gyeongseong to Wonsan.
The tunnel was first built as two separate tunnels which were later connected.
Construction is expected to start in 2012; the line will be 11.1 kilometers long.
Kingsthorpe is about twenty kilometres from Toowoomba on the western line in the Darling Downs region of Queensland, Australia.
On 8 July 1911 the rack line from Blonay to Les Pléiades was opened.
All services are provided by Abellio ScotRail and run to Inverness.
It is recorded in the timetable as route no.
In 1903 the AGW took over a lease on the working and management of the Transandine Railway which was under construction and in financial difficulties.
The route runs over the infrastructure of the Milan–Saronno railway, the oldest line owned by the Ferrovie Nord Milano.
During rush hours some trains do not reach Van Buren Street or Millennium Station.
Chengdu–Mianyang–Leshan Intercity Railway(Chinese: 成绵乐客运专线) is a high-speed intercity railway in Sichuan Province, China that connects Mianyang, Chengdu, Deyang, Meishan, Emei and Leshan.
The line is part of the Network Rail Strategic Route 7, SRS 07.05, and is classified as a London and South East commuter line.
The Tozai Line uses linear motor propulsion.
The system serves all of the airport's five terminals, with four stations at Terminal A, Terminal B, Terminal C, and International Terminal D/E, respectively.
The 48.5 kilometres line begins at Kakogawa Station on the JR Kobe Line and ends at Tanikawa Station on the Fukuchiyama Line.
Until 1969, the line continued west into Downtown Brooklyn and until 1944, over the Brooklyn Bridge to a terminal at Park Row in Manhattan.
The freight bypass railway allows freight trains to bypass the busy Freiburg Central Station on a separate, direct line.
It was founded on 6 April 1900 in Berlin with the Disconto-Gesellschaft and the South West Africa Company as major shareholders.
The rail link was completed in April 2005.
Major cities along the route include Hangzhou, Ningbo, Taizhou, Wenzhou, Fuzhou, Quanzhou, Xiamen, Zhangzhou, Chaozhou, Shantou, Shanwei, Huizhou and Shenzhen.
The engineer's reference for this line is BBJ.
The Muzaffarpur–Gorakhpur line is a set of three lines connecting Muzaffarpur in the Indian state of Bihar with Gorakhpur in Uttar Pradesh.
Hefei–Fuzhou High-Speed Railway, is a dual-track, electrified, passenger-dedicated, high-speed rail line in eastern China.
It runs from Shiguang Road Station, in Yangpu District to Shendu Highway Station, in Minhang.The line is colored blue on system maps.
Sometimes the Continental Line, from Malmö to Trelleborg, is also regarded as part of the Freight Line Through Skåne.
The line is single track, with a passing place at Soest Station.
Nordvestfyenske Jernbane was a Danish railway from Odense to Middelfart via Brenderup, with a branch from Brenderup to Bogense.
The last extension, to Mortensrud, commenced services on 24 November 1997.
The line was extended to Leamington Spa Avenue in 1851.
The BMT line is served by the Q train at all times, and some N trains during rush hours.
The line is part of the former Great Northern and Great Eastern Joint Railway.
In 1891, the original funicular line was opened, running between its namesake stations.
In the case of Sakura-dōri Line, the letter is S. Officially, the line is called Nagoya City Rapid Railway Line 6.
It connects Orry-la-Ville and Creil in the north to Melun, Corbeil-Essonnes and Malesherbes in the south, passing through the heart of Paris.
Barton station is near to the Humber Bridge.
G-Train aka West Gold Train is a South Korean tourist train operated by Korail.
The Heritage Corridor Line is a Metra commuter rail line in Chicago, Illinois, and its suburbs.
For much of its route, it traverses the median strip of the Mitchell Freeway.
It branches off from the Keisei Main Line at Keisei Narita Station to Higashi-Narita Station.
The Great Orme Tramway is a cable-hauled 3 ft 6 in gauge tramway in Llandudno in north Wales.
The opening of the LGV Nord high speed line from Paris to Lille in 1993 has decreased its importance for passenger traffic.
Line 4 and Daxing Line operate as a single line although they are classified as separate lines.
The line is part of Network Rail Strategic Route 7, SRS 07.06, and is classified as a London and South-East commuter line.
In 1993 the Government of Sweden issued a tender for a public–private partnership to build the Arlanda Line.
The Yokosuka Line is a railway line in Japan operated by the East Japan Railway Company.
The branch served the West Town and the Humboldt Park neighborhoods of Chicago and consisted of six elevated stations.
The main purpose of the line was the transport of wood pulp at Hvittingfoss, although it was also used for passenger transport until 1931.
The line closed throughout in 1950, having closed between Riva San Vitale and Mendrisio in 1948.
Line 14 of the Guangzhou Metro is a rapid transit line under construction in Guangzhou.
It was single-tracked beyond Porth in the early 1980s, just prior to the commencement of the revival of the Valley Lines network.
Although there had been steam service between Haydarpaşa and Gebze, it was in 1969 that the line was electrified and frequent commuter service began.
In Zhengzhou now both the Zhengzhou Railway Station and the new Zhengzhou East Railway Station are served by high-speed trains from Xi'an.
The railway was opened in July 1986 and has a gauge of 900 mm.
It was one of 15 light railways built and operated by Divisional Boards and Shire Councils in Queensland.
As of 2012, it is the network's busiest rail branch, serving an average of 123,229 passengers each weekday.
Santiago Metro Line 5 is one of the five lines that currently make up the Santiago Metro network in Santiago, Chile.
This will be a more direct high speed route, which currently requires travelling via Changsha using the Shanghai–Kunming High-Speed Railway and Beijing–Guangzhou–Shenzhen–Hong Kong High-Speed Railway.
The 3,5 km section between Mendrisio and Stabio reopened to passenger trains in December 2014.
Currently, only the 62 mi stretch between Schellville and Windsor is in operation with freight and SMART commuter trains.
Trafficking Novara-Laveno is closed to passenger service from 12 December 2013.
In 2009, a new station at South Ferry opened to replace the old South Ferry loop station.
The line is represented on the official BTS map in dark green.
Hangzhou–Changsha High-Speed Railway is a Chinese high-speed railway connecting the provincial capital of Zhejiang, Hangzhou with the Jiangxi capital of Nanchang and Hunan's capital, Changsha.
Trial trains have been run over the line.
The track gauge is 750 mm and operates year-round.
The route was electrified on 4 March 1925 and is currently worked by electric multiples of the DBAG Class 425/426.
The 1880 completion of the Dovre Line to Hamar allowed a continuous train service linking Oslo and Trondheim, albeit with a break-of-gauge in Hamar.
Construction work resumed, now with important federal funds, and on 4 July 1926 regular through services between Brig and Disentis could start.
The 3.9-mile route, operated by Portland Streetcar Inc. and TriMet, connects the Nob Hill District to the South Waterfront.
It branched off the Rangkasbitung-Labuan railway, going from Saketi in central Banten to Bayah on the southern Bantenese coast.
There are 20 stations in the system, the light rail portion of which carries an average of over 16,400 passenger trips every day.
The incline was 2,060 ft long, with a vertical rise of 361 ft.
As of 2007, 18 km of new double track line are under construction and 32 km are in the planning stage.
The new station opened on November 17, 2014.
It is located on the Albula Railway line from Chur to St. Moritz.
Washington in concert with the Castle Shannon Incline.
Most trains reverse direction at the south end at Readville, but a few continue onto the Franklin Line.
The line carries passenger traffic from Tampere to Pori via five railway stations and continues as a freight line to the Port of Pori.
Services are operated by Transdev Wellington under the Metlink brand and marketed as the Melling Line.
The locomotive La Porteña, built by the British firm E.B.Wilson and Company in Leeds, was the first train to travel on this line.
The lower station is some 20 minutes walk, or a 6-minute bus ride, from Meiringen station on the Brünig railway line.
The railroad offers passenger excursions using a historic or replica-historic trolley on a line previously known as the Jefferson Street Branch Line.
The Grand Junction Railroad is an 8.55-mile long railroad in the Boston, Massachusetts area, connecting the railroads heading west and north from Boston.
The Strawberry Line is a 0.75-mile length of 5 in gauge railway inside Avon Valley Country Park.
The line runs through New Taipei and Taipei and has a terminus in Taoyuan City.
On June 30, 2017, the U.S. Department of Transportation sent a letter to the Gateway Development Corporation permanently withdrawing from its Board of Trustees.
The line is an important freight route and the southernmost railway on the eastern iron-ore rail corridor.
The line is under the administrative jurisdiction of Northern Railway.
The easternmost section of the line, Platy–Thessaloniki, is part of the important connection towards Athens and southern Greece.
Nærumbanen is a short railway in the northern suburbs of Copenhagen which serves mainly local neighborhoods in Lyngby-Taarbæk municipality and Nærum in Rudersdal municipality.
It passes through three states Andhra Pradesh, Odisha and Chhattisgarh.
The Lahn Valley Railway is a railway line between Niederlahnstein in the German state of Rhineland-Palatinate to Wetzlar in Hesse.
It is owned and operated by the Las Vegas Monorail Company.
In reality, the industries that previously used the line no longer found it useful, and it was abandoned in 1978, and dismantled in 1985.
It runs from Großenhain to Priestewitz and is part of the long-distance line from Cottbus to Dresden.
The North East Line is also the first line to feature Art in Transit across all 16 stations and full Wireless@SG coverage in all 16 stations.
The line accepts NicePass, a smart card ticketing system, as well as ET Card, a magnetic card ticketing system.
The Far North Line is a rural railway line entirely within the Highland area of Scotland, extending from Inverness to Thurso and Wick.
Ampang Line and Sri Petaling Line form part of the Klang Valley Integrated Transit System, and are coloured Orange and Maroon on the rail map.
The construction is also part of a larger plan to improve the sections of pan-European corridors on Czech territory.
Test runs along the entire railway started on October 8, 2012.
The Qingdao–Jinan Passenger Railway, or Jiaoji Passenger Railway, is a high-speed railway in China, running from Jinan to Qingdao at 250 km/h following the Qingdao–Jinan Railway.
After Konstablerwache the line is running above the ground towards Preungesheim.
The Chicago Subdivision meets the Aurora Subdivision and Mendota Subdivision in Aurora.
The line is owned by the municipal company Kollektivtransportproduksjon, and operated by its subsidiary Oslo Sporvognsdrift.
As of January 2014, construction of sections connecting China with Vietnam, China with Myanmar and Laos with Vietnam are under way.
It is composed of two services: the A Loop, running clockwise, and the B Loop, running counterclockwise.
In 1897 it became part of Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway, and on 1 May 1901, its northern terminus switched from Southport Central to Southport Chapel Street.
All trains call at Kilwinning and most trains call at Paisley Gilmour Street,
At Oceanside Transit Center, the Sprinter connects to three commuter rail lines, as well as to Amtrak's Pacific Surfliner regional rail line.
It would turn south on Oak Street and terminate at Truxtun Avenue.
The tunnel was to have three underground stations at Woolloongabba, George Street and Roma Street with Dutton Park upgraded.
Line 3 of the Dongguan Rail Transit, formerly known as Line R3, is a planned subway line in Dongguan, China.
The Furuset Line is a 5.6-kilometer long line on the Oslo Metro between Hellerud and Ellingsrudåsen in Oslo, Norway.
The line was opened as the only private tramway in Trondheim by A/S Graakalbanen in 1924.
The line opened to Pasadena on March 19, 1904, and was extended to Sierra Madre in 1906; it closed on October 6, 1950.
The line is part of Network Rail Strategic Route 7, SRS 07.09, and is classified as a rural line.
The drop was only 185 feet in 2112 feet, with varying degrees of descent.
Suburban services terminate at Tiruttani and MEMU services run till Tirupati, across the state line in Andhra Pradesh.
It operates between Kirazlı-Bağcılar, extending the service of the M1B line from Aksaray, to Başakşehir-Metrokent or Olimpiyat, branching off at the İkitelli Sanayi junction station.
During rush hour, express service may bypass Jamaica station.
The line was built as part of the Baden Mainline.
The Shin-Keisei Line is a railway line in Japan owned by the private railway company Shin-Keisei Electric Railway, a subsidiary of Keisei Electric Railway.
The Ems-Leine-Express is notable for crossing the state border between Lower Saxony and North Rhine-Westphalia three times at the following locations:
The line is 13.9 kilometers long with 23 stops.
The Whittier line was a line on the Pacific Electric Railway that operated between 1904 and 1935.
The Essen-Werden to Essen railway is a railway line in the German state of North Rhine-Westphalia, now used by line S 6 of the Rhine-Ruhr S-Bahn.
Similar to the VAL system and using Bombardier CX-100 coaches, the line links the two airport terminals within 8 minutes.
The SAR North South Railway Line begins at the Hazm Al-Jalamid phosphate mine in the Northern Territory, through Al-Jawf, Hail and Al-Baithah in the Qassim region.
Construction of the remaining section to Verona is still in progress.
It is a 1,000 mm gauge rack railway using the Riggenbach rack system.
The Riverfront Loop is a line of the Memphis Area Transit Authority trolley system.
The Metro 1 is the oldest line of the Budapest Metro system.
The line is mostly double track, but there are some sections of single track on the Uckfield branch.
The Pyongyang Metro Hyŏksin Line is a rapid transit line owned and operated by Pyongyang Metro in Pyongyang, North Korea.
Five stations and two viaducts on the route are listed structures.
It is colored green on the PATH service map and trains on this service display green marker lights.
It carries two million passengers a year.
In 1879 the route was continued from Aalborg to Nørresundby over the Limfjord as the Limfjordsbroen railway bridge was inaugurated.
Due to the recession it was taken under reconsideration and the RTA have fixed a deadline of 2014 for completion of this line.
Between Nuremberg and Roth S-Bahn services run on the parallel Nuremberg–Roth line.
The Rheinfall railway was constructed by the independent Rheinfallbahn-Gesellschaft.
The Camden Line is the shortest MARC line and along with the Brunswick Line, is the successor to the B&O commuter services.
The Oxford–Bicester line is a railway line linking Oxford and Bicester in Oxfordshire, England.
This was an extension of existing Hoboken-to-Newark service, previously listed on the Morris & Essex timetables.
It connects the Emsland line near Leer with the city of Oldenburg.
The line gave a boom to the local economy, allowing for same-day transport of produce to Trondheim.
Despite this, the route was opened for service and closed down in 1938 due to low ridership.
It opened on October 19, 2008, and has a ruling grade of 1 in 25.
It would begin at Columbia Town Center in Columbia, Maryland, and end in Hunt Valley, Maryland at Shawan Road.
The Ryonggang Line is a non-electrified standard-gauge secondary line of the North Korean State Railway running from Ryonggang on the P'yŏngnam Line to Mayŏng.
The Banetsu West Line is a railway line in Japan operated by East Japan Railway Company.
The line is managed by the Transrail consortium.
The above-ground section of the line includes the Berlin Südkreuz station.
Seoul Subway Line 8 of the Seoul Metropolitan Rapid Transit Corporation was built 1990–99 and mainly serves the southeastern parts of Seoul and Seongnam.
The line is owned by the Metro Rail Transit Corporation, a private company operating in partnership with the DOTr under a Build-Lease-Transfer agreement.
At Christchurch it connects with the Main North Line to Picton, the other part of the South Island Main Trunk.
There are a few gaps in the half-hourly service to enable coal/stone trains to run to/from Tower Colliery/Hirwaun.
For those who drive to the stations/halts, 'Park & Ride' facility is provided at a nominal charge.
The Mannheim–Basel railway is one of the most important routes in the Deutsche Bahn network.
The first section, between Takasaki and Nagano in Nagano Prefecture, opened on 1 October 1997, originally called the Nagano Shinkansen.
At the time of its cancellation, there were only three eastbound trips during the morning rush hour, and no service in the afternoon.
The line is represented on the official BTS map in light green.
KSHI-JV is a joint venture between Kumagai Gumi, Skanska, Hindustan Construction Company & Itochu.
The section from Komusan to Sinch'am is double tracked.
It operates in addition to the Blue, Red, and Orange lines.
The tunnels are just below the surface and are a similar size to those on British main lines.
The Tarvisio–Ljubljana Railway is a partially closed to traffic international railway line between Italy and Slovenia.
Together with these, it forms the core of the network built by the London and South Western Railway, today mostly operated by South West Trains.
It has a total length of 921.426 kilometers.
Originally opening in 1969, the STS system is the oldest airport people mover system in the United States.
The system is the only means of transport for passengers between the two parts of the Terminal.
The services on the line have been operated by NordWestBahn since November 2000.
M4, officially referred to as the M4 Kadıköy–Tavşantepe line, is a 26.5-kilometre, 19-station rapid transit line of the Istanbul Metro.
The Schöneweide–Spindlersfeld branch line is a branch line of the Berlin–Görlitz railway, which is entirely in Berlin.
It extends from Union Station in Toronto in a generally northward direction to Barrie, and includes ten stations along its 63 miles route.
The branch from Suzemeda to Motoyama is part of this line.
Passenger services on the line were withdrawn as early as 1 July 1962.
Line 8 is a north-south line of the Shanghai Metro network.
This line connects both halves of the old province.
The are a total of 64 curves on the line, with the steepest curve being 107 metres.
In winter, the temperatures on the route can fall below -40°C while in summer they can hit 40°C above.
The crossing stations on the single-tracked sections were controlled by mechanical signal boxes until 2008, but are now controlled by electronic interlockings.
The Fox Chase Line is a route of the SEPTA Regional Rail system.
It is named after the road above it between Hyde Park Corner and Piccadilly Circus.
Tampere–Pori railway is a railway running between the cities of Tampere and Pori in Finland.
The first section of Phase 2 between Yuzhu to Tianhe Park is preparing for construction.
High Speed 1, legally the Channel Tunnel Rail Link, is a 109-kilometre high-speed railway between London and the United Kingdom end of the Channel Tunnel.
The Belgrade–Bar railway is a railway connecting the Serbian capital of Belgrade with the town of Bar, a major seaport in Montenegro.
The line has a maximum gradient of 7.9% and is the steepest standard gauge adhesion railway in Switzerland.
The Tattenham Corner line is a railway line in Southern England that runs between Purley in South London and Tattenham Corner in Surrey.
The Arnhem–Nijmegen railway is an important railway line in the Netherlands running from Arnhem to Nijmegen, passing through Elst.
The Pyongyang Metro Chŏllima Line is a rapid transit line owned and operated by Pyongyang Metro in Pyongyang, North Korea.
The Solør Line had a major impact on the area, leading to industrialization.
It links Knockmore Junction on the Belfast–Newry line with Antrim on the Belfast–Derry line.
The line was then extended to the east, in stages, reaching the East London Railway in 1884.
This 197-kilometre track is part of the Grand Chord, Howrah-Gaya-Delhi line and Howrah-Allahabad-Mumbai line.
In the local dialect the line was also known as the Hofheimerle.
It was known as "Lyublinskaya Line" before 2007.
It was once one of four systems comprising the KCR network in Hong Kong.
Whilst the railway lies entirely within Switzerland, the summit station is only a few metres from the international border with the Italian region of Lombardy.
Line 1 is shown as green on maps, however the band on both sides of the trains is coloured red.
This line passes through major towns including Tirur, Kozhikode, Vatakara, Thalassery, Kannur, Payyannur, Nileshwaram, Kanhangad and Kasaragod.
They were part of the Great Eastern Railway, now part of the Anglia Route of Network Rail.
The Aerotrain is an automated people mover system located within the Kuala Lumpur International Airport in Malaysia.
It has an approximately hourly service in each direction.
The line runs for about 6 miles, including a passage through the 0.25-mile-long Elk Rock Tunnel.
The Lanjigarh–Junagarh section belongs to the Sambalpur division of East Coast Railway Zone in India.
MARC uses this parallel route when traveling between Washington and Martinsburg, West Virginia.
West Yorkshire Metrocards are available for use on the line, covering Zones 3–5.
According to a map in the RTD's service plan for the corridor, the H Line's color is blue.
The line connects Kō Station in the western part of Toyokawa with Toyokawa-inari Station in the eastern part of Toyokawa.
All stations are wheelchair accessible except for West Medford, Winchester Center, and Mishawum.
The Huning Intercity High-Speed Railway largely follows the route of the preexisting Nanjing-Shanghai section of the conventional Beijing-Shanghai Railway and the high speed Beijing–Shanghai High-Speed Railway.
The Midttun terminus is located near Nesttun, and there are further intermediate stops at Arna, Espeland and Haukeland.
The line once was a preferred route for trains running directly between the English cities of York and Kingston upon Hull.
It is also to be connected with the Xiamen–Shenzhen Railway to allow access to the coastal Fujian cities such as Xiamen.
In April 2013 the public timetable shows 30 trains leaving Chicago each weekday, of which 22 run to Elburn.
Ahmedabad–Mumbai main line is the important railway route on Western Railway section of Indian Railways.
The section to Larvik Station was opened on 13 October 1881 and the remainder, including an extension to Skien Station, opened on 23 November 1882.
The Blue Line is also one of only two lines with more than one station with the same name, with the Green Line being the other.
It takes its name from lake Mälaren, along the northern edge of which the railway runs.
Since 2012 the line has seen a dramatic increase in lumber traffic.
The MetroSouth Corridor is a proposed light rail alignment for the St. Louis MetroLink light rail system in St. Louis, Missouri, United States.
This created two branches of the North Line, and the Doraville branch was redesignated as the Northeast Line to avoid confusion.
It runs north from Manchester Victoria and connects the suburbs of Cheetham Hill, Prestwich, Whitefield and Radcliffe.
The Großenhain–Cottbus railway is an electrified main railway in the German states of Saxony and Brandenburg.
The minimum cost is currently 2,150 won to ride.
The Sanyō Main Line is operated by the two JR companies West Japan Railway Company and Kyushu Railway Company.
This project is estimated to cost £7 million
The NRW government found that there was sufficient state interest for it to support operations on the section in that state.
Free transfer is provided to the rapid transit lines and other light rail lines at the various subway stops.
It was closed on 6 July 1951.
Passenger services are operated by Abellio ScotRail.
One of the most famous routes was the U-shaped line from Perissos to Katehaki, including a branch to Vyronas.
It is served by a service known as the Moselweinbahn, designated as regional rail line 94.
There are 14 departures each day in each direction.
The line underwent major upgrades in 2005 although a mistake with the track elevation jeopardized scheduled reopening.
Like all but one of the other Milan suburban railway service routes, it is operated by Trenord.
Construction may start in 2016, with the line scheduled to open in 2020.
The Hainan Western Ring Railway has a long history, some of its sections dating to World War II.
It is also the only line with two downtown stations.
The Munich–Herrsching railway is a branch line from Munich-Pasing to Herrsching in the German state of Bavaria.
Several surviving Waverley Route structures, including viaducts and tunnels, were rehabilitated and reused for the reopened railway.
The Waiblingen–Schwäbisch Hall railway is a major railway in the German state of Baden-Württemberg and the shortest rail link between Stuttgart and Nuremberg.
This opened in 1840 and services were provided by stagecoach.
This is the only route from PATH on which every station is Handicapped Accessible.
One of four branches of the Green Line, the "B" Branch runs from Boston College station down the median of Commonwealth Avenue to Blandford Street.
It is part of the Queensland Rail City network.
It connects Tadotsu Station in Tadotsu, Kagawa and Kubokawa Station in Shimanto, Kōchi.
It runs from Kaiserslautern along the Lauter river to Lauterecken.
A comparable bus trip between Kozani and Thessaloniki via Egnatia Motorway takes 1.5 hours.
It is owned and operated by Nagoya Railroad.
They consist of a fleet of DC as well as dual-powered EMUs.
It is owned by the Union Pacific Railroad.
It connects the major city of Milan, in Lombardy, with the Adriatic Sea at Venice, in Veneto.
Connections with other National Rail services are at Bidston, Shotton and Wrexham General.
It was given the name North/South Line in September 2012, with the opening of the system's second line, having previously had no distinct route name.
It opened for service on December 8, 2013.
The section from Trondheim to Hell opened on 22 July 1882.
From Ashmont, passengers may continue to Mattapan via the Ashmont–Mattapan High Speed Line, a 2.6-mile light rail line.
The Subway serves landside traffic, unlike the newer Skyway which operates airside.
The Kobrinskaya narrow-gauge railway is located in Kirov Oblast, Russia.
Climbing the ramps from Pressig-Rothenkirchen and Probstzella to Steinbach am Wald the line ascends the heights of the Franconian Forest.
It connects the prefectural capital of Tokushima with the town of Kaiyō in Kaifu District.
From Frankfurt to Niedernhausen, it operates as Rhine-Main S-Bahn S-2 and carries Deutsche Bahn route number 645.2.
The line is currently under final planning and evaluation.
The line passes through Thebes and Larissa, and offers connections to several other cities through branch lines.
Travel time over the 80 km railway is around 75 minutes with a maximum speed of 120 km/h.
Sunnan was chosen as terminus because of its location on the southern end of the lake of Snåsavatnet.
The Old Voss Line, the section from Arna to Bergen, has become a heritage railway.
The Halle–Vienenburg railway is a 123 kilometre long non-electrified main line north of the Harz Mountains in central Germany.
Freight trains to Bergen go to Hønefoss via the Gjøvik Line.
The section from Kißlegg to Leutkirch belongs to line 971, which includes the line from Augsburg to Lindau.
In 1973 most of the departures of Ilalinjen continued to Lian.
Chinatown is the most densely populated neighborhood in the city.
The complete double track configuration was due to be completed by the end of 2014.
A number of proposals are currently being investigated relating to the possible restoration of passenger services along the route.
The history of the Willard Branch was tied with the history of the asylum at Willard.
It was constructed using the cut-and-cover method, and went into service on May 2, 1978.
The Xochimilco Light Rail is a light rail line that serves the southern part of Mexico City.
It takes approximately 65 minutes to ascend and 40 minutes to descend although the diesel can go up in as little as 37 minutes.
The Hounslow Loop Line is a railway line in southwest London which was opened by the London and South Western Railway in 1850.
The Motherwell–Cumbernauld line is a suburban railway line linking Motherwell and Cumbernauld in Scotland.
The construction date for line 3 has not yet been published.
SEPTA Regional Rail's West Trenton Line uses the line from Oakford, Pennsylvania to Ewing, New Jersey.
Coal is carried to the two export terminals at the Port of Gladstone; RG Tanna Coal Terminal, and Barney Point Coal Terminal.
In 1933 the railway was absorbed by the London Passenger Transport Board.
The project was completed in October 2010, at an estimated cost of £300 million.
The Toyamakō Line is a tram line operated by the Toyama Light Rail Co. in the city of Toyama, the capital of Toyama Prefecture.
The Yamaguchi Line is a railway line in western Japan operated by West Japan Railway Company.
In particular, the section south of Gwangmyeong Station has led to heated disputes between the cities of Ansan and Siheung.
In 1927, construction was halted, but resumed the following year, although the line was built with substandard permanent way.
Gala-Yuzawa Station serves the nearby ski resort Gala Yuzawa, so the station is only used during the winter period.
Amtrak's Capitol Limited operates over the line east of Alliance.
The Nuremberg–Crailsheim railway is a major railway in the north of the German states of Bavaria and Baden-Württemberg, which links Nuremberg, Ansbach and Crailsheim.
The railway was originally built with 1,067 mm narrow gauge, but was converted to standard gauge in 1936.
The Sandersleben–Blankenheim section has only a single track, while the remainder of the still-operating parts of the line is duplicated.
The line is electrified and is double track on the 22-kilometer section from Älvsjö to Västerhaninge.
It is the only railway line operated by the Mooka Railway.
At its peak, the line had a length of 25 miles.
It is used only on timetables and on the MTA's site, not on trains.
A new station at Grand Avenue and Cicero Avenue opened on December 11, 2006.
The Blue Line is a rapid transit line in the Greater Boston metropolitan area, one of four subway lines operated by the Massachusetts Bay Transportation Authority.
Following nationalisation, the railway became part of the General Urquiza Railway.
Godley East was then closed in 1986, effectively being replaced by the newer Godley and Hattersley.
Trains may reach top speeds of 300 kilometres per hour on this line.
The Southwest Rail Corridor is a proposed commuter rail line serving southwestern Houston.
Extending the line to Old Orchard Mall in Skokie has been discussed.
Trains travel along Gyeongbu, Gyeongin, Janghang and Gyeongwon.
In August 2014 the backers of the scheme were seeking to revive interest in the proposal.
The first line, named "Ferrocarril Primer Correntino", operated from 1892 to 1904.
This is the second-longest subway line in Japan at 40.4 km after the 40.7 km long Toei Oedo Line in Tokyo.
However, revenue for the streetcar line was declining.
Services operate to or from London King's Cross and Moorgate in London.
The Tsurumi Line is a group of 3 railway lines operated by East Japan Railway Company in Kanagawa Prefecture, Japan.
The line is also heavily used by leisure travellers, as it and its branches serve a number of seaside resorts, shopping areas and countryside destinations.
From the start of the first serious discussions of the idea, it took thirteen years and $166 million to get WES operational.
It was opened on 2 December 1927 as part of the Sørlandet Line.
It has forty two stations along its length.
During weekends, the line was frequented by picnickers who used to travel to Trombay to buy toddy or palm liquor.
The Orvieto Funicular is a funicular railway in the Italian city of Orvieto.
The line is also a major route for the transport of freight between Germany and Poland.
It is not physically connected to the Keio Main Line Network, but a transfer is available at Meidaimae Station.
The Circular Line or Yellow Line of Taipei Metro is an elevated, medium-capacity rapid transit currently under construction in Taipei and New Taipei City, Taiwan.
Fulfilling a local need, it was in financial difficulties throughout its independent life and was sold to the Great Western Railway in 1905.
Now used solely for passenger traffic, it was originally constructed to allow transshipment with the Stourbridge Town Arm of the Stourbridge Canal.
It takes its name from Glasgow's Argyle Street, under which a significant section of the line runs via a cut-and-cover tunnel.
North of Croton–Harmon, the line is not electrified and is mostly double-tracked; the stations are also spaced further apart.
Two trains per day start/terminate at Derby rather than Nottingham.
The route forms a major commuter route into London from Hertfordshire, Cambridgeshire and eastern Bedfordshire; ridership has grown rapidly over recent years.
The Janghang Line is served by frequent Saemaul-ho and Mugunghwa-ho passenger train services between Seoul and Iksan.
The Hanover-Bremen railway is one of the most important lines in the German state of Lower Saxony.
The LRT line will cost $1.4 billion.
In 1911, the line would see two major changes.
Like all but one of the other Milan suburban railway service routes, it is operated by Trenord.
The excavation of tunnels using the cut-and-cover method resulted in large scale detouring of road traffic.
The first phase, known as Rail Baltica I, extends from the Poland-Lithuania border to Kaunas.
It was operated by Keifuku Electric Railway until 2001; Echizen Railway took over the line in 2003.
The line has a total length of 298.4 kilometres and forms part of China's Southeast Coast High-Speed Rail Corridor.
The Rjukan Line, railway line from Rjukan to Mæl, 16 km
The rail line runs entirely on its own right-of-way, inherited from the original Philadelphia and Western Railroad line.
The line connects Maceió with two cities in the metropolitan area, Satuba and Rio Largo.
The short life of the Sydney Metro proposal was a significant contributing factor to Labor’s rout at the 2011 state election.
The Baoji–Lanzhou High-Speed Railway is a high-speed railway between Baoji and Lanzhou, in China.
Nordfyenske Jernbane was a Danish railway connecting Odense to the coastal town of Bogense.
It is a non-electrified line which connects Sanuki, on the Jōban Line, to Ryūgasaki, with one intermediate station at Ireji.
The system currently comprises two routes across 2.5-mile of track, serving eight stations, and crosses the St. Johns River on the Acosta Bridge.
Trains on the line are operated by Willer Trains Inc. as part of its Kyoto Tango Railway system.
It runs from Großenhain via Ruhland and Senftenberg to Cottbus.
Due to the large number of important locations served, this line is extremely busy, with a daily ridership of over 1,000,000 passengers.
The Lötschberg line is a railway in Switzerland, connecting Spiez in the canton of Bern with Brig in the canton of Valais.
The Batong Line of the Beijing Subway is a surface level rapid transit rail line in eastern Beijing.
The SRT runs the Seoul−Busan route a few minutes faster than KTX, while its fares are 10% lower.
The same year, ownership of the railway line was transferred to the newly created Norwegian National Rail Administration.
It runs from Radolfzell via Stockach to Mengen.
The line was built as a suburban tramway, but has since been transformed to partially run in the streets.
It will also be connected, at the southern end of the line, with the Xiamen–Shenzhen Railway to allow access to coastal Fujian cities.
The company was taken over by its rival the British-owned Buenos Aires Great Southern Railway in 1898.
Diesel traction appeared in the 1930s for passenger service in the form of autorails.
At a cost of just over $2.1 billion, it is the largest infrastructure project awarded in the history of the city.
The Westchester branch was a rapid transit line which was part of the Chicago "L" system from 1926 to 1951.
The line follows the Merthyr line as far as Pontypridd, where it then diverges to continue along the Rhondda Valley.
The Belgian railway line 162 is a railway line in Belgium connecting Namur to the Luxembourg border at Sterpenich.
Since February 2017 it has been closed again for renovations after a fire.
It was built from 1846 to 1850 and doubled from 1905 to 1913.
It diverged from the Southbridge Branch in Lincoln and ran down Banks Peninsula in the Canterbury region of the South Island.
In February 2016, City of Toronto planners and the TTC also recommended implementing the Jane LRT within 15 years.
The Varanasi–Rae Bareli–Lucknow line is a railway line connecting Varanasi and Lucknow, both in the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh.
Tinnsjø railway ferry from Mæl to Tinnoset, 30 km
On 8 October 2011, the Circle Line became fully operational to commemorate its operator SMRT's 24th Anniversary of Rail Services since the company's establishment in 1987.
All trains on this line operate as Local trains and stop at every station.
The Pichi Richi Railway Preservation Society is a non-profit railway preservation society and operating museum formed in 1973.
It is part of the Jingguang Passenger Dedicated Line, a high-speed railway connecting Beijing and Guangzhou, which runs parallel to the older conventional Jingguang Railway.
The company obtained an act in 1846 for 26 miles of railway, with a main section from Wakefield to Doncaster via Barnsley.
The Cross Gates–Wetherby line is a former railway line in West Yorkshire, England, between Cross gates, near Leeds, and Wetherby.
The service is sometimes referred to locally as the Abbey Flyer.
The line is typically colored sky blue on the maps.
The route will be north and inland of the existing communication lines which hug the coast around the Bohai sea.
It is an entirely two-track and electrified mainline railway that is operated Deutsche Bahn.
The Tung Chung Line terminates in the adjacent Tung Chung new town, with bus service to various areas at the airport, including the passenger terminals.
However The Dubai Airports claimed that this was unfeasible as it did not pass through many localities.
The Eastern Cape government restored rail services between AmaBhele and Mthatha, on an abandoned branch from the East London-Springfontein main line.
In 2008, 65% of all inter-city service used the railway entirely or at one point.
The cuts had left Mansfield as one of the largest towns in Britain without a railway station.
Trains running on the line reached top speeds of 250 kilometres per hour, although that was later reduced to 200 km/h.
It ran through picturesque terrain in the Upper Wye Valley, but construction costs considerably overran early estimates.
The railway and the Regionalbahn service is named after the Volme river, which it largely follows.
In 1899, a connection with the Rotterdam Delftse Poort station was made.
The Heartland Flyer is a daily passenger train that follows a 206-mile route from Oklahoma City, Oklahoma to Fort Worth, Texas.
It was opened on November 25, 2003 and despite its name was the fourth line to open.
The BANR was also the first railway company from the British islands to operate in Argentina.
It opened on 9 December 1914 from a junction with the Morgan line at Eudunda running 21.6 kilometres via Point Pass to Robertstown.
The Turkish press has compared it to the Silk Road.
The Line 2 loop is the second longest subway loop in the world after Beijing Subway Line 10.
MARTA's heavy rail network is composed of four service lines: the Red, Gold, Blue, and Green Lines.
St Helens and Runcorn Gap Railway, later known as St Helens Railway, was an early railway company in Lancashire, England, which opened in 1833.
It opened on October 1, 1926 and closed on December 9, 1951.
The signalling system installed is the TVM-430 in-cab signalling system, the same as LGV Nord in France, and High Speed 1 in the UK.
The line continues into New Jersey via the Arthur Kill Vertical Lift Bridge to Cranford Junction.
The trains are powered by electricity at 850 volts DC, supplied by third rail.
The route follows the course of the River Esk for much of its eastern half.
The line was cut back to the intersection of Washington and Los Robles in 1928.
It is the world's second commercially operating unmanned urban maglev line after Japan's Linimo.
In January 2012, services resumed on the western 62.0 km portion of the route between Ichinoseki and Kesennuma.
The Suin Line is a metro line of the Seoul Metropolitan Subway serving the Seoul Capital Area.
The peat railway was opened in 1960, and has a total length of which 35 kilometres is currently operational, the track gauge is 750 mm.
It is fondly called LC meaning Lucknow Cawnpore.
The Snaefell Mountain Railway is an electric mountain railway on the Isle of Man in Europe.
The Fitchburg Line has the oldest infrastructure in the system, and commuter trains must share trackage with freight trains on the outer segment of the line.
It is also part of the Delhi-Hyderabad line.
It runs from Treuchtlingen in southern Middle Franconia through Gunzenhausen, Ansbach, Steinach, Marktbreit and Ochsenfurt to the capital of Lower Franconia, Würzburg.
The track between Helsinki and Kirkkonummi was upgraded with 25 kV AC railway electrification during the 1960s, being the first government-owned electrified railway line in Finland.
Its distinctive colour on the network map is yellow.
It is an important component of the “mushroom concept” adopted for long-distance and regional rail services through the city.
Older trains, using engines and cars built in the late 19th and early 20th century, are maintained by the non-profit Traditionsbahn Radebeul.
The company or the line is abbreviated as Aikan.
It is operated by Bulgarian State Railways.
The portion of the road between train stations Vilcha and Semykhody is not in service since the time of Chernobyl disaster.
The Coimbatore–Shoranur line connects Coimbatore in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu and Shoranur in Kerala.
The route operates over the infrastructure of the Milan–Asso and Milan Passante railways.
The line connects Freital, near Dresden, with the spa of Kipsdorf in the Ore Mountains, and follows the valley of the Red Weißeritz.
It started test runs in September 2014 with full operation beginning on December 28, 2014.
The Indian Express reported that not a single ticket was sold.
With a total length of 4,048 metres, the line is one of the longest in Switzerland.
The line runs from the Ogilvie Transportation Center in downtown Chicago through the western suburbs to Elburn.
The Huntington Railroad was established on July 19, 1890 with a trolley line between Huntington Village and Halesite.
It was initially operated by the Frankfurt-Hanau Railway Company and, from 1872, the Hessian Ludwig Railway Company.
With 21 freight trains per day the line was estimated as the fifth busiest line in New Zealand.
Although called a branch, the line was accessible from both ends, from Bidston East junction and from Rock Ferry railway station.
The line was established during French colonial rule, and was completed over a period of nearly forty years, from 1899 to 1936.
The Yokohama Dreamland Monorail, formally the Dream Development Dreamland Line was a monorail connecting the Yokohama Dreamland amusement park to Ōfuna Station in Kamakura, Kanagawa, Japan.
The Edinburgh Airport Rail Link was a proposed rail link to Edinburgh Airport, Scotland.
The Kowŏn T'an'gwang Line is an electrified standard-gauge secondary line of the Korean State Railway running from Tunjŏn on the P'yŏngra Line to Changdong.
As of 2005, the total capacity of line 1 is 650,000 passenger per day, with trains stopping at each station for 20 seconds.
The Broadway Line was built to give the Brooklyn Rapid Transit Company access to Midtown Manhattan.
In addition to the BHP Billiton network, there are two more independent iron ore rail lines in the Pilbara.
This would also open the possibilities for the trains on this line to travel to Suwon via the Suin Line.
The line runs through three counties: Cambridgeshire, Suffolk and Norfolk.
Weekday service consists of only a handful of trips per day, while weekend service operates only during summer and fall.
Between 1944 and 1951, a branch line went from Saketi to the south coast near Bayah, Lebak.
The proposal envisaged the construction of an underground tunnel across Manchester city centre.
It opened on May 6, 1895 and closed on February 25, 1951, when it was replaced by the Milwaukee-Dearborn Subway.
The Fallowfield Loop railway line was a local railway route in Greater Manchester, England.
Line 2 of the Beijing Subway is a rapid transit rail line in central Beijing that runs in a rectangular loop around the city centre.
The North Wales Coast Line, also known as the North Wales Main Line, is the railway line from Crewe to Holyhead.
Plans for re-establishing the railway were done in the 1980s by the Siad Barre administration, but were aborted after the regime's collapse.
It connects Minami-Miyazaki Station in Miyazaki, Miyazaki to Shibushi Station in Shibushi, Kagoshima.
Line 5 of the Beijing Subway was Beijing's first subway with a north-south route.
Chicago and South Side Rapid Transit Railroad,
The line extends 3.4 km from Higashi-Narawa Station to the terminal at Handa-Futō.
The system utilizes 29 Mitsubishi Heavy Industries Crystal Mover vehicles as its rolling stock.
The line between Dublin and Greystones is electrified and forms the southern part of the DART service.
Two more stages are planned of 9.7 km and 37.4 km.
The Beaudesert railway line is a disused branch railway in South East Queensland, Australia.
The line is 12 miles 11 chains in length from Westerfield to Felixstowe.
It has 23 stations and 23.9 km of track.
The Gyeongbu Line is by far the most heavily travelled rail line in South Korea.
Trains of Line 11 run at 120 km/h, up to 50% faster than other lines.
Until this connection was established in 2000, the line was a part of the Mekama Line, and ran between Meguro and Kamata.
It branches from the Waterloo to Reading Line at Staines-upon-Thames in Surrey and runs to Windsor in Berkshire.
The Lauterbrunnen–Mürren Mountain Railway is a hybrid transport system in the Bernese Oberland area of Switzerland, which connects the villages of Lauterbrunnen and Mürren.
It will also intersect with the future Line 3 at Plaza Egaña station.
Its stations are numbered with the prefix "E".
Metro-North Railroad's Danbury Branch is a diesel branch of the New Haven Line from downtown Norwalk, Connecticut north to Danbury, mostly single-tracked.
It links Hachinohe Station in Hachinohe, Aomori with Kuji Station in Kuji, Iwate.
The line is owned, maintained, and operated by Sri Lanka Railways.
But because of problems with the illegal occupation of a site, the northern part has not started construction yet.
It was intended to bring mineral products of the Forest of Dean to Monmouth, and to the works alongside the River Wye.
The line was a branch of the Arendal Line, which is in turn a branch of the Sørland Line.
On maps and diagrams, the line is shown using the color "red".
The Rockaway Beach Branch was a rail line owned and operated by the Long Island Rail Road in Queens, New York City, United States.
There was also traffic on a track on the north side of Lidingö island which terminated at Kyrkviken, but that section closed in 1971.
An extension to Višegrad in the Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina, was finished on 28 August 2010.
From 2009 to 2010 the line from Boulogne to Rang-du-Fliers was also electrified to allow a TERGV service to run.
The final station in Latvia is Lugaži.
The railway line is duplicated from Munich-Pasing to Weßling and electrified over its entire length.
After successive extensions, the line reached Terrassa and Sabadell in 1919 and 1922, respectively.
MAX is described by UTA as "light rail on rubber tires".
The line was built and operated by Ekebergbanen.
The Srinagar Kargil Leh line is a proposed railway line from Srinagar station via the town of Kargil to Leh by Indian Railways.
Lakeshore West is one of the seven train lines of the GO Transit system in the Greater Toronto Area, Ontario, Canada.
The South London Line is an Inner London part of the London Overground rail network.
The Surendranagar–Bhavnagar line was located in Gujarat state of India.
The local Department of Roads and Transport leases the network from Transnet Freight Rail, and Sheltam Grindrod are subcontracted to operate trains.
The line ran from downtown Chicago to Marshfield Avenue with branches to Logan Square, Humboldt Park, Garfield Park, and Douglas Park.
Opened on May 12, 2017, it runs along M-1.
Preparing the line for passenger service would require refurbishing the New England Central Railroad tracks, which also carry freight to New London's deepwater port.
Until 1991, the train connected with a ferry service from Flåm to Gudvangen.
It is also the shortest line in the system of only 3.4 kilometres in length and having only three stations.
As of 2006, this is the only new line in the Metra system since its formation.
The branch existed from 1879 to 1966 finally being torn up and demapped in the early 1970s.
Service was suspended in 1992, along with Route 23 and Route 56.
Like all but one of the other Milan suburban railway service routes, it is operated by Trenord.
In December 2004, DB Regio NRW took over or retained operations of these services.
The standard gauge heavy rail line was about 13 km long.
The Xilang-Yangang section began operation on December 28, 2015.
It is also known as the Shepperton line and connects to the Kingston loop by a triangular junction between Strawberry Hill and Teddington stations.
The south part of this line makes use of the defunct tracks of the Taiwan Railways Administration's Kaohsiung Harbor Line.
The Coryton Line is a commuter railway line in Cardiff from the city centre to Heath, Birchgrove, Rhiwbina, Whitchurch and Coryton.
Sawtelle was a suburban line operated by the Pacific Electric Railway from 1911 to 1940.
The Magdeburg-Wittenberge railway is a two-track, electrified main line in the east of the German state of Saxony-Anhalt.
Operating on Friday, Saturday, and Sunday, Old Pueblo Trolley ran on just over a mile of single-track line recovered from Tucson's original street railway.
Between Nagoya and Imaike, the line runs under Sakura-dōri Avenue, being the bypass line of Higashiyama Line.
It forms part of the network of the Lazio regional railways, which is operated by Trenitalia, and converges on the city of Rome, Italy.
The Montserrat Rack Railway is a mountain railway line north of Barcelona in Catalonia, Spain.
Next section was the branch line from St-Légier to Châtel–St-Denis that opened on 2 April 1904.
CRT Line 6 is the second heavy rail subway line in Chongqing, China.
Its distinctive colour on the network line map is green.
The HSL 3 3, Dutch: Hogesnelheidslijn 3, English: High-Speed Line 3) is a Belgian high-speed rail line.
The railway has between Umeå and Luleå two passenger night trains per night and direction, and three day trains per direction.
It was built in 1873 as part of the Chemins de fer Orientaux main line between İstanbul and Belgrade.
The Breda–Eindhoven railway is an important railway line in the Netherlands running from Breda to Eindhoven, passing through Tilburg and Boxtel.
The Portland Street Railway Company was the first mass transit company in Portland, Oregon.
Deutsche Bahn operates the route under timetable number 670.
The line utilizes the Canadian Pacific Railway's C&M Subdivision.
The line is predominantly used for commuter traffic into London with most of the traffic being generated by intermediate stations.
The railway tracks that were built along the Ruhr river had a relatively uniform grade that was suitable for railway operations at the time.
The Mumbai–Chennai line is a railway line connecting Chennai and Mumbai cutting across southern part of the Deccan Plateau.
When the second phase of the line opened in 2011, there were only 8 trains which were completely unable to meet passenger demand.
It is an underground and automatic operating system.
The Thumer Netz was a narrow gauge railway network in the area around Thum in Saxony, Germany that operated from 1886 until 1975.
The electrified section originally ran 111 km from Paegam Ch'ŏngnyŏn station to Yugok, whence the remaining 80.7 km to the terminus at Musan remained unelectrified.
Further, this section intersects Vijayawada–Nidadavolu loop line at Samalkot.
Limited operation with a twice-hourly long-distance service started on May 28, 2006.
The Neumarkt-Sankt Veit–Landshut railway is a single-tracked, unelectrified main line in Bavaria in southern Germany.
The Natal Railway Company made use of 4 ft 8 1⁄2 in broad gauge.
The funicular was opened in 1899, and was rebuilt in 1999 to the original design.
It was designed in 1871 by the Prussian engineer John Endres and his daughter Caroline Endres.
The Guwahati–Lumding section is a broad-gauge railway line connecting Guwahati and Lumding.
Suburban services terminate at Chengalpattu and MEMU services at Villupuram.
The Macclesfield, Bollington and Marple Railway was a 11 mi railway line between Macclesfield and Marple in east Cheshire, England.
There are many branch lines along these lines.
Passenger services were withdrawn in 1958, and freight traffic in 1985.
The service operates with a type 18 steam locomotive, no.
The railway opened to Levanger on 29 October 1902, to Verdalsøra on 1 November 1904 and to Sunnan on 15 November 1905.
The Daegu Line is a railway line in South Korea.
The Samakhiali–Maliya Miyana section belongs to Western Railway of Ahmedabad Division.
The line started operation on 26 December 2015, initially to Chongqing North until renovations are complete at Shapingba in 2016.
The line also had a branch, the Grimstad Line, from Rise to Grimstad.
From Gerstungen to Bebra, it was owned by the Frederick William Northern Railway, named after the Prussian king, Frederick William IV.
The Polar Bear Express is a Canadian passenger train operated by the Ontario Northland Railway in Northern Ontario.
The 12.24-kilometer line was built as a narrow gauge branch line of the Jæren Line by the Norwegian State Railways and opened in 1924.
Tenali–Repalle branch line is a non-electrified single track railway section in South Central Railway zone.
Announcement of alignment and station locations was expected during the second quarter of 2011.
Passenger services on the Wherry Lines are currently operated by Abellio Greater Anglia.
The US$1.7 billion project opened in phases, starting in 2009.
This line is planned to have KTX service by April 2011.
This large change in temperature can cause frost heave.
The line connects Ube-Shinkawa Station in Ube and Onoda Station in San'yō-Onoda.
Section 1, from Ferdowsi Square to Darvazeh Shemiran, opened in April 2008.
The town of Rosholt was named for Julius Rosholt, builder of the F&V, in appreciation for his fair dealings.
The western end of line 5 serves the entire line.
As of December 28, 2014, the line consists of two discontinuous line segments.
It is run by volunteers and operates on almost every Sunday of the year, most public holidays and on Wednesdays during school holidays.
It is used for passenger and freight traffic.
The Wriezen Railway is a line in the northeast of the German states of Berlin and Brandenburg.
The railway is part of the future Beijing–Taipei High-Speed Rail Corridor.
Electrification by 2019 was announced in the Department for Transport's High Level Output Specification of 2012.
All stations on the Orange Line are handicapped accessible.
It links Tachikawa and the Chūō Line with the town of Okutama.
It runs from Leipzig through the valley of the Weisse Elster via Zeitz, Gera, Triptis, the Orlasenke lowland and Saalfeld to Probstzella.
The Nanao Line is a railway line in Ishikawa Prefecture, Japan, operated by West Japan Railway Company and the Noto Railway.
A new rail crossing is needed to ease congestion and improve accessibility.
Paris Métro Line 10 is one of 16 metro lines in Paris, France.
In geometry, the pole and polar are respectively a point and a line that have a unique reciprocal relationship with respect to a given conic section.
The A line of the Bordeaux tramway is operated by Transports Bordeaux Métropole, and connects Lormont and Floirac to Mérignac.
Broad Street Line subway cars bear both the SEPTA logo and the seal of the City of Philadelphia to reflect the split ownership-operation arrangement.
The whole line is served at all times by the A train, which runs express except during late nights.
40 km long, it was scheduled for completion by 2005 and opened in 2009.
The line has a length of 286 km as a double tracked passenger dedicated line, with seven stations situated along its route.
The line uses Innovia APM 100 rolling stock supplied by Adtranz.
From the 1970s to the early 1990s, various plans surfaced to try to build such a link.
The line is electrified with an overhead supply at 1500 V DC.
The spur ran from Limavady Junction to Limavady Station.
In summer 2006, ASARCO Copper Corporation purchased the entire railroad.
The Frederiksværk Line is a 39.0 km long standard gauge single track local passenger railway line in North Zealand, Denmark.
The inclines were no longer part of a through route.
The Bützow–Szczecin railway is a nearly 200 km-long, mostly non-electrified, single-track main line railway running mostly in the German state of Mecklenburg-Vorpommern.
The six companies were managed by Ferrocarriles Argentinos which was later broken up during the process of railway privatisation beginning in 1991 during Carlos Menem's presidency.
The line is expected to add 13,200 riders per weekday.
The former name of the line was Úttörővasút, and now the official designation is MÁV Zrt.
The Whitecliffs Branch was a branch line railway that formed part of New Zealand's national rail network in the Canterbury region of the South Island.
Hourly services operate on this section of the line.
The line carried freight only from 1993 until 2004, when it began carrying passenger trains as well.
The line will eventually expand to the proposed Santa Clara station.
It is part of the Queensland Rail City network.
The line was electrified with 750 V DC third rail; electric services commencing May 1990.
The Copenhagen–Ringsted line is a railway under construction on Zealand, Denmark, connecting Copenhagen via Køge with Ringsted.
The line operates every 15 minutes, or more frequently if traffic demands it.
The project was earlier known as the Chelsea–Hackney line in reference to a potential route.
Both the Lehigh Valley and CNJ were merged into Conrail in 1976.
From Yoyogi-Uehara Station some trains continue onto the Tokyo Metro Chiyoda Line and beyond to the East Japan Railway Company Joban Line.
The railway is one of the multiple freight corridors.
Satpura narrow-gauge lines was a network of 2 ft 6 in narrow-gauge lines in states of Madhya Pradesh and Maharashtra in central India.
The Felixstowe branch line is a railway branch line in Suffolk, England, that connects the Great Eastern Main Line to Felixstowe and its port.
The Suryeo Line is a former narrow-gauge railway line owned by Korean National Railroad.
Since November 4, 2013, the rapid transit service has been through this line executed.
Suining–Chongqing Railway is a High Speed Railway connecting Chongqing and Suining, Sichuan Province as part of the Shanghai–Wuhan–Chengdu High-Speed Railway.
A new route of Line 14 is planned from Mogi-Dutra to Itapecerica de Serra.
From 22 May it became the first part of the Oslo Metro.
Through the Furka Base Tunnel it reaches the Goms District area and Brig in the canton of Valais.
To the west, the line connects with the Freight Line Through Bergslagen.
The services on the line have been operated by NordWestBahn since November 2000.
The Carlton line runs from the eastern terminus of Main Street Station, initially heading south on Main to Gerrard Street East.
In the 1870s the owners of a sugar refinery in Osoblaha were looking for a railway connection of their town.
The two-track line carries local services and freight from Ingolstadt through the Altmühl valley to Treuchtlingen.
The Trondhjem–Støren Line was Trøndelag's first railway.
The Chūō West Line parallels the old Nakasendō highway and the steep Kiso Valley.
The Banqiao and Nangang Sections are collectively called the Bannan Line.
The refitted incline opened on 7 March 1891.
As the water in the ground freezes in winter, it expands.
The line was the first railway in Norway to terminate passenger transport, on January 3, 1931.
The Eastern Railway is the main railway route between Fremantle and Northam in Western Australia.
It became the second Norwegian railway to be electrified in 1911.
The incline was closed 21 June 1964.
The Hafslund Line is an abandoned railway line between Hafslund and Sundløkka in Sarpsborg, Norway.
The line opened on May 23, 2015.
It was created in 2003 through an amalgamation of Furka Oberalp Bahn and BVZ Zermatt-Bahn.
There are 19 tunnels and two bridges, one of which is, unusual for a railway bridge, a suspension bridge.
The northern and southern extensions to this line are parts of the Belfast and Rosslare main lines respectively.
The two-kilometre long funicular ascends the northern slopes of Cairn Gorm, the United Kingdom's sixth-highest mountain, serving the Cairngorm Mountain ski resort.
Many riders were veterans and employees of the Soldiers' Home, Sawtelle, stopping at the Streetcar Depot, West Los Angeles
The service between Tatsuta and Odaka is provided by a bus service.
On May 3, 1836, the second section was opened.
It is one of Bergen's major tourist attractions and one of Norway's most visited attractions.
Political differences between mainland China and Taiwan complicate plans to extend the line by tunnel to Taipei.
It forms part of the route to the summit of nearby Cimetta mountain.
The Shalun Line is a branch line of the Taiwan Railway Administration Western Line in Tainan City, Taiwan.
The Reisszug should not be confused with the Festungsbahn, a funicular that provides public access to the Hohensalzburg Castle, and which dates from 1892.
The line is owned by Kollektivtransportproduksjon and operated by Oslo T-banedrift on contract with Ruter using MX3000 trains.
The final train ran on September 28, 2012.
The line is part of the long-distance line between Chemnitz and Berlin.
The Zweckverband Schienenpersonennahverkehr Rheinland-Pfalz Nord plans to use the line again for passengers with an hourly Regionalbahn connection from Wittlich to Luxembourg.
In August 2013, the Beijing municipal government published a notice calling for bids to build the line and its status is completed and operational.
It connects the important transportation hubs Beijing Railway Station and Beijing West Railway Station.
The train began operations in 2014 and transports tourists from Seoul to train terminals closest to the Korean Demilitarized Zone.
It links the towns of Thun, Spiez and Interlaken, running principally along the southern shore of Lake Thun.
The railway from Strasbourg to Basel is a French and Swiss 141.3-kilometre long railway line.
It links a landing stage on Lake Brienz, served by shipping services on the lake, to the Grand Hotel Giessbach and Giessbach Falls above.
The line opened on March 30, 2008.
The Skytrain is one of three separate automated people movers operating at the airport.
By late 2008, running times had improved somewhat and timings of five and a half to six hours for the 186 mile trip were becoming typical.
Its route covers the municipality of Etxebarri, the city of Bilbao, the right bank of the Nervión river and Uribe Kosta.
The tram has been in operation since December 31, 1951.
From 1912, the port network received electrification, as did the mainline in 1920.
The railroad consisted of building a connection from Hunan province's Changsha with the Yunnan capital, Kunming.
'Park & Ride' facilities are provided at stations at a nominal charge.
The Fujikyuko Line is a Japanese private railway line in Yamanashi Prefecture, between Ōtsuki Station in Ōtsuki and Kawaguchiko Station in Fujikawaguchiko.
It runs through the central parts of northern Sweden, and was built between 1908 and 1937.
The line north of 86th Street is also served by a few W trains during rush hours in the peak direction.
Also, between Richmond and Gunnersbury, London Underground's District line shares tracks with London Overground services, although this part is also owned and maintained by Network Rail.
The Tōbu Nikkō Tramway was a 9.6 km tramway operated by Tobu Railway, which ran from Kokutetsu Ekimae to Umagaeshi in Tochigi Prefecture.
On the Swedish side it is managed by the Swedish Transport Administration, on the Danish side by Banedanmark.
The line interchanges with Line 9 at Ulitsa Starokachalovskaya and Line 6 at Bittsevsky Park.
Since the privatisation of British Rail in the 1990s, the main operator has been Chiltern Railways who have continued to develop the route and services.
The Coast Line is a regional railway line between Helsingør and Copenhagen in Denmark.
It currently has 20 stations and it runs 16.5 km from Hütteldorf to Heiligenstadt.
The Iron Ore Line is single track, electrified at 15 kV  16 2⁄3 Hz AC and has a permitted axle load of 30 tonnes.
The Kirnitzschtal tramway, also known as the Kirnitzschtalbahn, is an electric tramway in Saxony, Germany.
The Birkenhead Railway was formed on 1 August 1859 as a result of the Birkenhead, Lancashire and Cheshire Railway merging with the Chester and Birkenhead Railway.
The first stretch, between and Faria Lima and Paulista stations, opened on May 25, 2010.
The Tokyo Metro Ginza Line is a subway line in Tokyo, Japan, operated by the Tokyo subway operator Tokyo Metro.
On October 20, 2013, the branch reopened at 4 a.m.
The railway from Épinay-Villetaneuse to Le Tréport-Mers is a French 173-kilometre long railway line, that connects Paris to Le Tréport on the English Channel coast.
It is the only railway line operated by the Wakasa Railway.
It was an initiative by the government of the Free City of Frankfurt.
The RhB Ge 6/6 #407 "crocodile" has been placed at its entrance.
The Jonica railway is an Italian 472-kilometre long railway line, that connects Taranto, with Sibari, Crotone and Reggio Calabria.
Less than two years after opening, the line had already exceeded its 2020 weekday ridership goal of 24,800.
This 346 km track is part of the Howrah-Delhi main line and Howrah-Gaya-Delhi line.
Forecast to cost 16.5 billion New Taiwan dollars, it will be the world's first light rail vehicle system on a fully catenary-free route.
The Yamada Line, Toba Line, and Shima Line form a single train line that begins at Ise-Nakagawa Station and serves the Ise-Shima tourist region.
The Light Blue Line was a planned monorail line to be built in Bangkok, Thailand.
Frequent service is provided between Munsan and Yongmun by 8-car trains.
The connecting line onwards to Støren opened on 13 October 1877.
Branching off the still-operating Needham Line at Needham Junction, it ran through the towns of Dover, Medfield, Millis, and Medway.
It was first constructed as the Eighth Avenue Line in Manhattan in 1932.
This is due to the high usage of the rail for both freight and passenger trains.
Metro-North Railroad's Hudson Line is a commuter rail line running north from New York City along the east shore of the Hudson River.
The line was built along with M1 as part of the redevelopment of Ørestad.
The completed section consisted of a mainly single-track link running from Teltow to Berlin-Karow to the south and east of Berlin.
Intended mainly for freight, the railway will connect Jeddah on the Red Sea coast with the Saudi Arabian capital Riyadh.
Other traffic is limited to 110 mph.
It was built by the Rhine-Nahe Railway Company and connects Bingen am Rhein on the Left Rhine line with Saarbrücken.
The Chaoyang Park Station opened on December 31, 2016.
Metro-North has assigned it the color code blue, used as trim on station signs and spot color on printed timetables.
Later on, in 2002, all shares of Keifuku were transferred from Keifuku to Keihan, of which Eiden became a wholly owned subsidiary.
The 505 Dundas is a streetcar line run by the Toronto Transit Commission in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.
The total distance of the route is approximately 9.5 km and is expected to service 319,000 passengers per day.
It currently has 20 stations and it runs 13.4 km from Ottakring to Simmering, making it the shortest line on the network.
The railway was opened in several stages between 1840 and 1853, when the section from Poitiers to Angoulême was finished.
Construction of the line was commenced by the Thames Valley and Rotorua Railway Company and finished by the Public Works Department.
The line was built along with the Gjøvik Line and was opened on 20 January 1901.
The line is managed by the Beijing MTR Corporation Limited and uses eight-car high-capacity wide-body A-size trains.
The initial system linked Sannomiya Station, Kobe's main transit hub, to the man-made Port Island, covering a distance of 6.4 km with 9 stations.
The Leipzig–Hof railway is a two-track main line in the German states of Saxony, Thuringia and Bavaria, originally built and operated by the Saxon-Bavarian Railway Company.
Until its electrification in 2014, it was the only non-electrified line of the Munich S-Bahn and was designated as line A.
The Waldenburg railway is a narrow-gauge light rail system in the canton of Basel-Landschaft.
The Barton branch was notable for the "Altcar Bob" service, introduced in July 1906.
Conrail ceased operation of the Cut-Off in January 1979 and filed for abandonment of the line in 1983, citing its excess east-west routes.
In December 2010 the line is recorded as having the second highest WiFi data consumption in the Seoul Metropolitan area.
With the advent of T&NO/SP's Diesel locomotive fleet after World War II, ALCO PAs were often assigned to the Sunbeam.
It is served by line 13 of the Oslo Tramway.
From 1920 to 1932, this route was known as the E Car.
The Mission Bush Branch connects the North Island Main Trunk railway to the Glenbrook Steel Mill.
The Tōhō Line color on maps is sky blue.
During the Second World War, the line was largely destroyed, but rebuilt afterwards and re-opened in 1952.
The tender is due be out in late 2017.
Running between Kadıköy and Tavsantepe, it is currently the only rapid transit line operating on the Asian side of Istanbul.
At Manhattan Beach, the line extended east to Oriental Beach, and a branch to the Sheepshead Bay Race Track was provided north of Sheepshead Bay.
It was formerly known as the Northern Suburbs Railway.
The Halle–Cottbus railway is a 176 km long double-track electrified main line in the German states of Saxony-Anhalt, Saxony and Brandenburg.
The S4 is a commuter rail route forming part of the Milan suburban railway service, which converges on the city of Milan, Italy.
The main purposes of Line 6 will be to relief the busy Line 1 and to provide extra connections across the Santiago transport network.
It is also called the Staatslijn K in Dutch.
The Tōkaidō Shinkansen is a Japanese high-speed Shinkansen line, opened in 1964 between Tokyo and Shin-Ōsaka.
It connects Tokyo with the east coast of Chiba Prefecture, passing through the cities of Funabashi, Chiba, and Chōshi.
The Raritan Valley Line is colored orange on New Jersey Transit's system map.
Millennium Line uses the colour yellow on route maps, wayfinding and station signage.
The cars of the new line are unmanned, and the whole line is controlled by a single controller in the upper station.
The Melbourne Line was a railway line which ran from Derby to Ashby de la Zouch.
The lines intersect at Burns interchange in Parklea.
Schaerbeek-Josaphat is no longer an operational station.
The Stuttgart Rack Railway is an electric rack railway in Stuttgart, Germany.
The line will have 40.1 km of underground sections, 6.8 km of mountain base tunneling and 14.7 km on viaducts.
The Mesherskoye peat railway is located in Ryazan Oblast, Russia.
The rail infrastructure is operated by Montenegrin ŽICG on montenegrin territory and Hekurudha Shqiptare on albanian territory.
Travelling from one end to the other will take around 70 minutes.
The line is 29 miles 13 chains in length and there are 10 stations.
This line is coloured orange on the maps.
This causes operational difficulties to this day, which require frequent platform and on-train announcements, telling passengers they must travel in the correct part of the train.
This standard gauge, single tracked Lokalbahn was 10 km long and was opened on 17 October 1902 by the Royal Bavarian State Railways.
In 1990 it was extended to its current terminus at Zürich Hauptbahnhof.
Of the remaining open sections, the Vevey to Blonay line is 5.72 km long and from there to Les Pléiades a further 4.79 km.
The line features two horseshoe curves and has a 655-meter elevation drop.
It continues as the 106-kilometre long Meråker Line through Norway to Hell Station and onwards to Trondheim.
It was opened on July 23, 1893, and closed in 1929.
Trains continue to and from Minami-Miyazaki Station and Miyazaki Station in the city center and further on the Nippō Main Line.
This line opened on August 17, 2015.
The Leipzig–Dresden line is a German railway line.
This was the only railway line Miki Railway Company operated.
It is linked with the Exeter to Plymouth Line with which it shares the route along the South Devon sea wall.
When more lines interchangeable with Line 2 open around 2015, the passenger volume could reach 1 million per day.
The section from Tutzing to Bichl is classed as a main line, the remainder as a branch line.
The line is electrified at 15 kV  16 2⁄3 Hz AC and equipped with centralized traffic control and GSM-R.
Late in the 19th century most of the route was doubled to increase capacity.
Narita International Airport Corporation owns a 68.39% majority stake in Shibayama Railway as of July 2009.
Originally built as part of the Rhine Railway, a through main line, it now forms a branch line from Karlsruhe to Hochstetten.
The Patna–Mughalsarai section is a railway line connecting Patna Junction in the Indian state of Bihar and Mughalsarai in Uttar Pradesh.
Buses from Oshawa station connect to communities further east in Newcastle, Bowmanville and Peterborough.
Except for the Kırklareli Branch and the Pehlivanköy-Uzunköprü line, the entire district is electrified with over head catenary.
It runs from Munich East station via Markt Schwaben and Dorfen to Mühldorf.
There are three branch lines—the Stavne–Leangen Line at Leangen Station, the Meråker Line at Hell Station and the Namsos Line at Grong Station.
Trains are in service 19.5 hours a day, from 5 am until 12:30 am.
The line connects the eastern and western suburbs of Mumbai.
When the company was nationalised in 1948 it became part of the state-owned General Urquiza Railway.
The DART serves 31 stations and consists of 53 kilometres of track, and carries in the region of 16 million passengers per year.
This is operated by both Korail and Seoul Metro.
Network Rail revived the proposal in 2010 as part of its Northern Hub proposal.
The Songrim Line is a partially electrified standard-gauge secondary line of the North Korean State Railway running from Hwangju on the P'yŏngbu Line to Songrim.
It is classified as a line as far as Bad Reichenhall and from there as branch line.
The Rangia-Murkongselek section is a railway line connecting Rangiya in Assam and Murkongselek .
They were completed in 1902, allowing LKAB to haul ore from their mines in Kiruna to the ice-free Port of Narvik.
Total investment for the line was estimated at ¥1.2 billion.
On March 14, 2015, the line was extended to Tokyo Station via the Ueno-Tokyo Line, with services starting and terminating at Shinagawa Station.
The East West Line is a high capacity MRT line and the second Mass Rapid Transit line to be built in Singapore.
There is a separate branch of this line from Kikitsu Station to Urakami Station by way of Nagayo Station.
The Belgian railway line 94 is a railway line in Belgium connecting Halle with Tournai and the French border near Baisieux.
Bannan Line or Blue Line is a line of Taipei Metro line.
Additionally, a slower class of trains running at 250 km/h would be operated, making more stops and charging lower fares.
The Dunderland Line is a 23.7 km railway line between Gullsmedvik in Mo i Rana and Storforshei in Rana, Norway.
The following section to Wasserburg is owned by SüdostBayernBahn.
The Salzburg-Tyrol Railway is a main line railway in Austria.
Some Great Northern passenger trains ran along this line, though service was cut back to just the Empire Builder upon the formation of Amtrak in 1971.
The Toronto Zoo Domain Ride was an automated guideway transit service used to carry visitors between sections, or "domains", of the Toronto Zoo.
Pacific Electric moved the yard works to 7th & Central in LA.
The line has been part of the Y&NMR, NER, LNER and British Railways.
It opened as a through service in 1988 and by 1998 was severely overcrowded, carrying more than 28,000 passengers in the morning peak.
The New Bongaigaon–Guwahati section of the Barauni–Guwahati line connects New Bongagaon and Guwahati in the Indian state of Assam.
The new railway Line between Jammu and Poonch with 234.12 km length will cost Rs.
The line is an early commuter line running through many suburban stations in south Manchester.
The line featured steep sections, including one 9.7% grade, and traveled through an artificial canyon for a section.
Line 1, also known as the Luobao Line, of the Shenzhen Metro runs from Airport East to Luohu.
However, due to other work on the Auckland network taking priority, completion was re-scheduled for April 2012.
It is part of the Milan Metro and it is operated by ATM.
The Passau–Freyung railway, also known as the Ilz Valley Railway or Ilztalbahn, is a branch line in Bavaria, Germany.
From there the line follows a coastal route.
The two services share the same route and stations between Jiading New City and Sanlin and stop at these stations at alternate 5-minute intervals.
It is both elevated and underground with Whitlock Avenue being the southernmost elevated station.
It is MARC's busiest and only electric line.
The L Taraval is a Muni Metro line in San Francisco, California, mainly serving the Parkside District.
The Belgian railway line 36 is a railway line in Belgium connecting Brussels to Liège.
Ernakulam–Kayamkulam coastal line is a railway line which runs along the coastal areas of Alappuzha, Ernakulam districts in Kerala state of India.
This was the location where the original Brooklyn subway portions of the line were laid out.
It was one of San Francisco's streetcar lines in the early 20th century.
The line runs north form Hillerød through the Gribskov forest and splits into two branches to the seaside resort towns of Tisvildeleje and Gilleleje.
The 140 kilometres line connected the municipalities of Ikeda and Kitami until its closure in 2006.
Trains operate at 3 to 4 minute frequency during peak hours and 5 to 6 minute frequencies at other times.
The Kururi Line is a railway line in Chiba Prefecture, Japan, operated by the East Japan Railway Company.
Line 1 is the oldest of the three Athens Metro lines, running from Kifisia to Piraeus, via Omonoia and Monastiraki.
The Mumbai Dadar–Solapur section is part of the Mumbai-Chennai line.
An extension is being planned that would extend the line to the southwest connecting St. Louis Park, Hopkins, Minnetonka and Eden Prairie.
Towns and villages served along the way are Malton, Norton-on-Derwent and Seamer.
Initially the new company only intended to build the section between Mercedes, in Buenos Aires Province, and Villa Mercedes in San Luis Province.
From Madison it returned to Chicago via Janesville, Wisconsin.
It is scheduled to be put into operation in 2017.
The Ryōmō Line is a Japanese railway line connecting Oyama in Tochigi Prefecture with Maebashi in Gunma Prefecture.
It is a single 1,676 mm broad gauge track from Lumding in Nagaon District of Assam state to Agartala in West Tripura district of Tripura state.
The Perpignan–Barcelona line is a part of the Mediterranean Corridor.
The Princeton Branch is a commuter rail line and service owned and operated by New Jersey Transit in the U.S. state of New Jersey.
It is part of the Strathclyde Partnership for Transport network.
7, and in MLIT publications, it is written as Line No.
The line was closed on March 31, 1966, simultaneously with the two other railways on northern Funen, NFJ and OKMJ.
The name of the line came from Gyeongseong and Wonsan, the original terminus of the line in what is now North Korea.
It is identified by the color dark brown, and runs from East to Wast in an almost straight fashion.
Construction started in June 2017 and the line is projected to open in late 2022.
The Onehunga Branch railway line is a section of the Onehunga Line in Auckland, New Zealand.
The Sognsvann Line serves the northwestern and northern neighborhoods of Oslo, mostly within the borough of Nordre Aker.
It became the first line in Norway to feature the European Rail Traffic Management System, becoming operational in 2015.
At periods other than the Regatta, many of the line's users are commuters to London, and students attending the nearby Henley College.
In the future extension plan, the line will further extend into Luotuo Area in Zhenhai District.
By the end of 1979, it extended west to the Hightower station on the West Line segment, which serves as that station's terminus.
Orlyval is an automatic light metro shuttle service connecting Paris's Orly Airport with the city's RER transit network at Antony on line B.
The Waterfront West LRT was a proposed light rail line in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.
On March 19, 1906, an agreement was reached to sell all the Los Angeles Pacific Railroad lines for $6 million to Henry Huntington’s Pacific Electric Railway.
The first section from Oldenburg to Quakenbrück was built between 1870 and 1875 by the Grand Duchy of Oldenburg State Railways.
The Milan Metro Line One is the first underground rapid transit line built in Milan, Italy.
The Sagano Line is the popular name for a portion of the Sanin Main Line in the suburbs of Kyoto, Japan.
The branch to the airport leaves the Styal line via a triangular junction between Heald Green and Styal.
The line is an extension of the Charlotte Area Transit System's Lynx rail system.
These Japanese units were acquired in the early 1990s, and offer less sitting room than the previous setup, increasing the line's capacity during peak hours.
During the winter, many passengers are from communities further north who travel to Moosonee by winter road before taking the train.
It runs mostly along the Freiberger Mulde from Borsdorf via Döbeln and Meissen to Coswig near Dresden.
It has an official nickname "Portram'", after "port" and "tram".
The section from Molteno to Lecco was opened on 20 November 1888 as a part of the Como–Lecco railway.
It is operated by the Ferrovie Luganesi company.
A halt at Greatham was downgraded to a partial service during the early 1980s and was closed on the 24 November 1991.
Since 2005, this branch has been renovated several times and is currently being reconstructed.
It is colored light green on the maps and route signs.
The line accounts for about 13% of Metro Transit's total ridership.
It runs from Takabata in Nakagawa Ward to Fujigaoka in Meitō Ward, all within Nagoya.
The service was discontinued in less than a year.
It is currently 16.3 km long with 16 stations.
The East Manchester Line is a tram line of the Manchester Metrolink in Greater Manchester running from Manchester to Ashton-under-Lyne via Droylsden and Audenshaw.
The Montclair-Boonton Line is a commuter rail line of New Jersey Transit Rail Operations in the United States.
In April 2007, it reached a top speed of 574.8 km/h, becoming the fastest conventional train and fastest train on a national rail system.
The Ramona Branch was a railroad branch line in Kent County, Michigan.
The Portishead Railway is a branch line railway running from Portishead in Somerset to the main line immediately west of Bristol, England.
The photos demonstrate the importance of manufactures position alongside railroad lines.
It was opened on 9 September 1886.
The current contract continues until December 2026.
The line is intended to be built by extending and incorporating the existing Yamanashi test track.
It was built between 1924 and 1937 as a portage railway bypassing Congo River rapids.
The Sagene Line is an abandoned line of the Oslo Tramway in Norway.
London Crosslink was a train service operated by Anglia Railways between Norwich and Basingstoke, using the North London Line to bypass central London.
The Ofoten Line is a 43-kilometre railway line in Narvik, Norway.
The line has previously served many other small stations and now-closed goods yards.
The commuter train's southern terminus at Target Field station is at the extreme eastern end of the line.
This company, however, is the first of this brand name to not be a railroad company just on paper.
The line carries little freight traffic, with most of the heavy freight traffic to Avonmouth Docks being routed via the Henbury Loop Line through Filton.
The Sittard–Herzogenrath railway is a railway line running from Sittard in the Netherlands to Herzogenrath in Germany, passing through Heerlen.
The Trunk Line is a railway line in Norway which runs between Oslo and Eidsvoll.
Approximately 433,400 use Line 3 every day in 2013.
It runs for 14.5 kilometers along Al Sufouh Road from Dubai Marina to the Palm Jumeirah and Al Sufouh.
The Genova-Ventimiglia railway runs along the coast of the Liguria region of Italy.
The 1,532 km railway line was opened to traffic in 1866 with the introduction of the "1 Down/2 Up Mail" train.
The Manchester–Southport line is a railway line in the north-west of England, operated by Northern.
There is currently no fare to ride the Skyway, which had 1.2 million passengers in 2014.
Opened on 25 November 1923, the 52-kilometre long railway has 22 stations and takes approximately 2 hours to traverse the whole length.
It opened in 1858 and it is one of the oldest railways in Germany.
It was not until 1882, when the BA&P was registered as a joint-stock company in London, that Clark was able to take over the concession.
It is fully funded by a $1 billion grant from the Government of Ontario and is expected to be opened in 2024.
The full length of the line was opened to traffic on December 28, 2016.
Network Rail refers to it as the South West Main Line.
The line is also referred to as the Mid Wirral line, as most of the line runs north-south through the middle of the Wirral peninsula.
The extension to Toyama in Toyama Prefecture and Kanazawa in Ishikawa Prefecture opened on 14 March 2015.
Segments running through inner-city areas will be elevated, and the system will be electrified by overhead lines.
Proposals to extend the line further west are under consideration.
The Atlantic City Quakers who helped develop the Monopoly board game named one of the railroad squares for the Shore Fast Line.
There are 16 stations on the line.
The first section of the line was built by Akersbanerne as part of the Oslo Tramway and connected to the Vålerenga Line at Etterstad.
The line is coloured blue in the rail map.
It was constructed in the 1960s by the Greek Tourist Organisation and was inaugurated on April 18, 1965.
The line will be operated by Rapid Rail Sdn Bhd.
The line passes through the provincial capitals of each of those provinces, namely: Shijiazhuang, Zhengzhou, Wuhan, Changsha and Guangzhou.
The M Ocean View is a Muni Metro light rail line in San Francisco, California.
In 1993 it was bypassed by LGV Nord high-speed line running from Lille-Europe to Calais-Fréthun and the Channel Tunnel.
Running mostly underground, it passes through the southern part of Groruddalen, serving neighborhoods in the boroughs of Alna and Furuset.
Work to electrify the remainder of the route started in 2011 with an initial aim to complete the work all the way to Bristol by 2016.
All services are operated with two-car Class 165 Turbo diesel trains.
The Furka Oberalp Railway is a narrow gauge mountain railway in Switzerland with a gauge of 1,000 mm.
The Sunbury Line contains the Delaware, Lackawanna and Western's well known Nicholson Cutoff railroad segment.
Compared with the other lines of Shenzhen Metro, Line 11 has a longer spacing between stops for a higher speed service.
All weekend trains terminate at Elgin; Big Timber Road does not have weekend service.
The line was opened from Bryn to Alnabru Station in 1904, with completion to Loenga on 1 May 1907.
Uzbek Railways is responsible for the construction and China Railway Tunnel Group constructed the Qamchiq Tunnel.
The line currently serves 14 stations, and is 9.2 kilometres long.
The Rokkō Cable Line is a Japanese funicular line on Mount Rokkō in Kobe, Hyōgo.
A road has long since been opened, and the funicular is now used mostly by tourists and paragliders.
Train services were offered from Vevey to Chamby and Châtel-St-Denis, where the CEV connected to the MOB and GFM.
A short section connecting Kitakyushu Freight Terminal also forms part of the Sanyō Main Line.
One is operated by Rio Tinto, the Hamersley & Robe River railway, while the other, operated by the Fortescue Metals Group, is the Fortescue railway.
It connects Tokyo Station in Chūō, Tokyo with Chiba Station in Chūō-ku, Chiba via the cities of Ichikawa, Funabashi, and Narashino.
It is the only high-speed railway in the kingdom, with a maximum permitted speed of 210 km/h.
It is a part of the Network Rail Strategic Route 5, SRS 05.07 and is classified as a secondary line.
Not to be confused with the Filipino PNR Metro South Commuter Line, which previously used this name.
The Flambeau 400 was a streamlined passenger train operated by the Chicago and North Western Railway between Chicago, Illinois, and Ashland, Wisconsin, via Green Bay, Wisconsin.
The line is mostly used by passenger trains, although it is also served by some freight trains.
It ran parallel to parts of the Rockaway Beach Branch and Far Rockaway Branch of the Long Island Rail Road.
LIRR maps and schedules show Hempstead Branch service continuing west along the Main Line to Jamaica.
Trains depart in the morning and returns in the early evening.
At Shimo-Imaichi Station it connects with the Tobu Nikko Line.
Due to the importance the railway has on the Turkish coal industry, it has been nicknamed the coal-route.
The North Central Service, the Heritage Corridor, and SouthWest Service are the only Metra lines that are fully ADA-accessible.
It is China's most profitable high speed rail line, reporting a 6.6 billion yuan net operational profit in 2015.
The line was built in sections between 1867 and 1876 of the Bergisch-Märkische Railway Company.
The service connects Ilkley with Leeds and Bradford, and is operated by Northern.
On February 25, 2016, a tenth train was announced for the 2016-17 fiscal year, as part of the 2016 Ontario budget process.
The Alberta Coal Branch is the name given to a segment of the Canadian National Railway and the region through which it passes.
Another state company, "Ferrocarril Deán Funes a Chilecito", completed a line between Deán Funes and Paso Viejo on 29 March 1890.
Line speed between Koblenz and Bingen is restricted by the meandering nature of the Rhine Gorge, a UNESCO World Heritage Site.
Stations carry the letter "I" followed by a two-digit number.
The lines pass through the Broads of Norfolk and Suffolk.
It is 40.4 kilometres long with 40 stations, and is considered the second longest line of the Busan Subway system, just behind Line 2.
Some weekday trains continue further west and terminate at the High Bridge station, located in High Bridge.
These tracks are under the jurisdiction of Bangladesh Railway.
It will run mostly parallel to the existing Fuzhou–Xiamen Railway, but will support a higher maximum speed, 350 km/h.
The construction of Nové Spojení also led to numerous improvements in road infrastructure, including a heated overbridge at Krejcárek, which replaced a level crossing.
Originally the Lambertseter Line was proposed as an extension of the now closed Simensbråten Line.
The North Liverpool Extension Line was a railway line in Liverpool, England.
This freight corridor will cover a total distance of 1839 km.
The line has a total length of 274.9 kilometres and forms part of China's Southeast Coast High-Speed Rail Corridor.
It connects Tenali and Repalle of Guntur district in the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh.
There are several branch lines: Salem-Dharmapuri-Hosur-Yeshvantapur, Salem-Mettur Dam and Irugur/Podanur-Coimbatore-Mettupalayem.
The railway spans a total of 294 kilometres and has a total of nine stations in Beijing, Tianjin, and Hebei Province.
It is the third line of the LRT system in Singapore and like all other lines, it is fully elevated and uses automated trains.
The initial route opened in October 2011 passed through 6 stations intersecting with three existing lines at Gangnam Station, Yangjae Station, and Jeongja Station.
The Pamban Junction – Dhanushkodi line is a partly functioning-partly abandoned railway line in the state of Tamil Nadu, India.
Ferrocarriles Patagónicos was an Argentine State-owned railway company that built and operated several rail lines in Patagonia region.
It first opened on July 19, 1926, between Schaerbeek and Watermael railway stations.
The line is a total of 23 3⁄4 miles long.
The line is operated by Transports Montreux – Vevey Riviera, under the GoldenPass Services banner.
Changsha–Zhuzhou–Xiangtan Intercity Rail, is a high-speed regional railway in Hunan, China.
The route is double track as far as Maynooth, being single track with passing loops between there and Sligo.
The S3 is a commuter rail route forming part of the Milan suburban railway service, which converges on the city of Milan, Italy.
The line also connects with the Northern Line of the Merseyrail network at Liverpool Central and Moorfields.
There are 6 stations on the line - Riyadh, Majma'a, Qassim, Hail, Al-Jawf, and Al-Qurayyat.
At Hinaga Station, the line connects with the Yokkaichi Asunarou Railway Hachiōji Line, a one-station branch line.
The isolated network operated without connection to the national network.
However, this plan was objected to by the Earl of Derby and the Earl of Sefton.
If built, it could connect with the proposed Northern Lights Express in Hinckley and provide a more direct link between Saint Paul and Duluth.
It runs from Hua Lamphong Railway Station in the central to Ubon Ratchathani Railway Station in the lower northeastern, passes many provinces.
The Line 1/2 of the Kunming Rail Transit is an elevated Metro line that connects the Chenggong with Kunming's urban center.
Since 2007, the ICOCA card can be used in all stations between Hiroshima Station and Karuga Station.
Between Kitaōji and Jūjō, trains run beneath the north-south Karasuma Street, hence the name.
For this reason, it is sometimes known as the Orange Express.
HSL 2 is used by Thalys and ICE trains as well as fast internal Belgian Railways InterCity services.
The line continued operating until 21 April 2008, when service ceased until further notice.
The Kanpur–Delhi section is a railway line connecting Kanpur Central and Delhi.
The Florida High Speed Corridor was a proposed high-speed rail project in the U.S. state of Florida.
It has been described as the first modern light rail system in the United Kingdom.
The Nickey line is a disused railway that once linked the towns of Hemel Hempstead and, initially, Luton but later Harpenden via Redbourn, in Hertfordshire, England.
As with Line 4, Line 6 will be operated by Hong Kong MTR Corporation.
Its route follows the Bundesautobahn 3 for the greater part, and currently the travel time is about 62 minutes.
Following the closure, a campaign to revive the Waverley Route emerged.
The line was intended to augment the existing city underground network and ease congestion at some of the city's busiest stations.
The Acton–Northolt line, historically known as the New North Main Line, is a railway line in west London, England.
Most freight trains have been diverted from the line by the opening of the North Doncaster Chord Project which was completed in June 2014.
It was established by an interlocal agreement between Dallas Area Rapid Transit and the Fort Worth Transportation Authority.
The Howrah–Nagpur–Mumbai line is a railway line connecting Kolkata and Mumbai via Nagpur.
Line 12 of the Dalian Metro, formerly known as Tram Route 202 Extension Line or Line R2, is a rapid transit line running in northern Dalian.
CN transferred the Deux-Montagnes Line to the Société de transport de la communauté urbaine de Montréal on July 1, 1982.
Northern Ireland Railways operates an intensive local service on this line between Belfast and Lisburn, with other services operating to and from Portadown.
Nevertheless, the Spanish government prevented that from happening by taking control of it.
It was completed in 1892–1894 with the section from Colico to Lecco, where it was connected with the rest of the Italian network.
The company’s Berlin station, the Lehrter Bahnhof was finally torn down in 1958.
The Lenox Avenue Line is one of the IRT lines in the New York City Subway, mostly built as part of the first subway line.
The construction of the latter two branches and of the second phase of the Eastern branch is currently unfunded.
At least in part, the West Highland Line is the same railway line as that referred to as the West Highland Railway.
The Polybahn is one of two funiculars within the city of Zürich, the other being the Rigiblick funicular in the city's northern suburbs.
From 2016 to 2031, Arriva will provide train services on the line.
During the summer months there is an additional train on Sundays and the train often includes a full length dome car.
One of four branches of the Green Line, the "B" Branch runs from Boston College station down the median of Commonwealth Avenue to Blandford Street.
All stations on the line are fully handicapped accessible.
The line branches off from the Dovre Line at Hamar Station and runs a more easterly route to Støren Station, where the two lines meet again.
The station at Figgjo has been converted to a museum, and the 3-kilometer section from there to Ålgård is used for recreational draisines.
The privately funded 13.8-mile train line will be built by American Maglev Technology and is expected to be operational by 2017.
Second Beijing-Tianjin Intercity Railway is a new high-speed railway located in China between the municipalities of Beijing and Tianjin.
The line, also known as the Guiguang HSR, is dedicated to high speed passenger rail service.
The project received final Government approval through an Order of the Transport and Works Act on 24 July 2013.
It is 61.3 km long, of which 36.1 km is double track.
Tamsui–Xinyi Line or Red Line is a line of Taipei Metro.
However, the route continued to be used to carry freight to and from the Corus steelworks in Ebbw Vale, until its closure in 2002.
The line was a branch line of the Østfold Line and opened in 1898.
It finally extended to its current eastern terminus at Indian Creek the year after.
It is one out of five lines that is part of the Subway-Surface Trolley system, and is 11.6 mi long.
The Caisse de dépôt et placement du Québec is expected to contribute $2.67 billion for the new system.
Prior to 15 December 2015, the northern terminus of this line was Rawang.
It connects Nagano Station in Nagano with Myōkō-Kōgen Station in Myōkō, Niigata.
However this is in fact Trogenerbahn BDe 4/4 23, a largely identical car that never actually operated on the WMB.
It is numbered as line RE 8 and connects the cities of Mönchengladbach, Cologne, Bonn and Koblenz Hauptbahnhof with each other and their surroundings, running hourly.
It left Cochrane in the morning, stayed for a few hours in Moosonee, and returned to Cochrane in the evening.
The Daxing Line of the Beijing Subway is a rapid transit line that connects the southern Daxing District of the city with the subway network.
Streetcar excursion service began operating on a trial basis in 1987, lasting about three months, and regular operation on a long-term basis began in 1990.
This corridor will cover a distance of 1483 km and would be electrified with double line operation.
The trains carried guards until one-person operation was introduced in 1985.
The line was branded as Line 22 before opening.
Nevertheless train services are usually operated by Montenegrin operator ŽPCG between Podgorica and the albanian Bajzë station and by Hekurudha Shqiptare between Bajzë and Shkodër only.
Two Saturday and two Sunday trains would continue to the downtown Riverside station until July 5, 2014, when weekend service on the 91 Line began.
The section from Langå to Viborg opened in 1863, the section from Viborg to Skive in 1864 and the section from Skive to Struer in 1865.
The line is part of the Network Rail Strategic Route 5, SRS 05.05 and is classified as a London and South East Commuter line.
The railway links the fishing port and seaside resort of Skagen with the Danish rail network.
Since 2007, the ICOCA card can be used in all stations between Kurashiki Station and Bitchū-Takahashi Station.
On March 14, 2015, a new station, Shin-Hakushima, opened to make a new connection between the Astram Line and JR lines.
It has a total length of 343 km and it is being built as a 200 kilometres per hour, double tracked electrified express railway.
Stops were established at Barlil, Byee, Gueena, Mondure, Kawl Kawl, Hivesville and Kinleymore en route to Proston.
It is one of the MBTA's more scenic commuter rail lines, passing by Walden Pond between Lincoln and Concord.
The line is the world's longest single metro line to use driverless trains, as recognized by Guinness World Records in 2011.
By 1878 the railway company was in bankruptcy, and the line was taken over by the Swiss Northeastern Railway.
At Nelaug, 37 kilometers north of Arendal, the line intersects with the Sørland Line.
It serves both passenger and freight transport and carries international traffic.
Between Doncaster and Gainsborough the line passes between Finningley and Blaxton.
Its existence has now been secured since the establishment of Deutsche Bahn.
The signalling system is being upgraded, and the previous D Stock trains were fully replaced by 7-car S Stock trains in April 2017.
The Etsumi-Hoku Line is a railway line operated by West Japan Railway Company in Fukui Prefecture, Japan.
This line is reserved for emergency use only by Class 395 Javelins travelling to/from Ashford International.
Stations carry the letter "E" followed by a two-digit number.
The Nagareyama Line is a commuter rail line in Chiba Prefecture, Japan, operated by Ryutetsu between Mabashi Station in Matsudo and Nagareyama Station in Nagareyama.
The procurement of new rolling stock for suburban passenger traffic is also part of the project.
It serves the 19th and 20th arrondissements in the North East of the city.
The line is owned and operated by the private railway operator Tokyu Corporation.
The station building at Dino has been restored and now houses a grocery store.
The Paris–Le Havre railway is an important 228-kilometre long railway line, that connects Paris to the northwestern port city Le Havre via Rouen.
The Red Line was a planned east-west mass transit light rail line for Baltimore, Maryland.
The mainline planned to run north east of Guangzhou from Jiahewanggang in Baiyun to Jiekou in Conghua.
The line's maximum gradient of 9.6% makes it one of the world's steepest surviving adhesion-only tram lines.
#561 is restored and is believed to be the oldest operational electric car in the United States.
The railway minister of India, Pawan Kumar Bansal announced that the survey of Srinagar Kargil Leh line will be undertaken during the year 2013-14.
It connects Gomen Station in the city of Nankoku with Nahari Station in the city of Nahari in Kōchi Prefecture.
It opened in 1877 and 1878 as the main line of the New York and Manhattan Beach Railway.
Between 2010 and 2016 the southern terminus of the line was Cumaovası near Menderes.
The project is being implemented by the Mumbai Metro Rail Corporation Limited.
In its early days the line also connected to Raeren.
The line is predominantly duplicated north of Densborn.
From Ryongsŏng, this line also has a line connecting to the private railway station attached to Residence No.
The Rinkai Line is a railway line in Tokyo, Japan.
The Montmartre funicular is an automatic funicular railway serving the Montmartre neighbourhood of Paris, in the Eighteenth arrondissement.
Since it runs parallel with the Saal Railway but is higher, it is also called the Obere Bahn.
It was electrified in 1900, and extended to Adamstuen in 1909.
The portion north of the subway connection was closed in 1962, and three proposals exist for the reuse of the line.
Akita Shinkansen Komachi trains travel over the line, which was regauged in 1997 from 1,067 mm to 1,435 mm.
The Mizuma Line is a Japanese railway line between Mizuma Kannon Station and Kaizuka Station, all within Kaizuka, Ōsaka.
Construction of this high-speed railway began in July 2008.
The MAX Yellow Line is a 5.8-mile route in the Metropolitan Area Express light rail system in Portland, Oregon.
It was the last line in the original Metrorail plan to be constructed, and is one of three north–south lines through the city of Washington.
The West Rail Line is one of the MTR lines in Hong Kong, indicated by the colour dark magenta.
'North Auckland Line' is a designation for the section of track, not a service route.
The double-track, electrified section between Trier-Ehrang and the Moselle bridge at Konz forms a bypass of the Trier rail node.
Northport Traction Company was a trolley service in the Town of Huntington in New York.
On its route the line follows and crosses the lower falls of the Reichenbach.
Direct trains operate from Laupheim to Ulm Hauptbahnhof, without passengers having to change at Laupheim-West.
Butovskaya Line is a line of the Moscow Metro.
The Branch MRT Line was the third Mass Rapid Transit line in Singapore, initially operated as a branch to the existing East West Line.
Station numbers are indicated by the letter "N".
The line runs from Capolago, on Lake Lugano, to a terminus near the summit of Monte Generoso.
It is a popular mode of transportation for commuters working in Kuala Lumpur, as they can travel to the city without the hassle of traffic congestion.
However suburban trains, from Piazza Manzoni to Dino, continued to use the street track.
This single-tracked, unelectrified main line is 67 km long and has timetable no.
A depot would be built at Fornebu and the line would connect to the metro's Common Tunnel at Majorstuen.
Stations were designed by Peter Andreas Blix.
Prior to its completion, many international trains terminated at Holešovice station, due to lack of access to the centre from the north and eastern routes.
At Mantes-la-Jolie, the railway line is connected with the Paris–Le Havre railway.
The South Ring is used by freight traffic as a direct connection between Laim and Munich East, bypassing the Hauptbahnhof.
The line features 6-car trains similar to other lines in the Beijing Subway.
It is also known in Italian as the Transappenninica.
There are 12 stations on the line including the termini.
The Ma On Shan Line is a branch line of the MTR East Rail Line in Hong Kong.
KTM Intercity is the brand name for a group of diesel-hauled intercity train services in Peninsular Malaysia, Singapore and Thailand operated by Keretapi Tanah Melayu Berhad.
It is served by the HarzExpress, running between Halle, Halberstadt, Goslar and Hannover Hauptbahnhof.
All trains are operated by volunteers on Sundays.
The Ulm–Augsburg line is a German railway line.
This line was one of four lines connecting Downtown Los Angeles and Santa Monica that did not run through Hollywood.
Out of the 17 stations 11 stations are underground and 6 are elevated.
It provides crosstown service between western Brooklyn and northwestern Queens and is the only major line that does not carry trains to/from Manhattan.
The Domodossola–Locarno railway, also known as the Centovalli railway is a metre-gauge railway between Domodossola, Italy, and Locarno, Switzerland.
At Staines, the original route carries onto Windsor, whilst the 1853 route to Reading diverges to run via Egham.
Work commenced the following year on the section from Kongsvinger to Flisa, opening on 3 November 1893.
It is designed for speeds of up to 160 km/h.
The Portsmouth Direct line is a railway route between Woking in Surrey and Portsmouth Harbour in Hampshire, England.
The Cut-Off also had no railroad crossings at the time of its construction.
However, most trains originate at Ueno rather than Nippori; likewise, many trains continue past Iwanuma onto the Tōhoku Main Line tracks to Sendai.
Exactly three feet below the railhead was a stringer on each side.
The route terminus switched over to the Subway Terminal Building in 1926.
As well, after the Beijing-Shijiazhuang-Zhengzhou section of the Beijing–Guangzhou line becomes operational at the end of 2012, direct Xi'an-Beijing service became available.
In 1920 it was electrified at 4,000 V direct current.
Its route covers the municipality of Basauri, Etxebarri, the city of Bilbao, and the left bank of the Nervión river.
In 1912, the entire line was upgraded to 87-pound rails.
There are 184 railway stations from Kiamari to Peshawar Cantonment on this line.
In addition to transport across the river, the service advertises "a unique view of London".
The Skitube Alpine Railway is an Australian standard gauge electric rack railway in the Kosciuszko National Park in New South Wales.
Except the train driver, all of the posts are operated by children aged 10–14 under adult supervision.
The construction of the roadbed required the movement of millions of tons of fill material using techniques similar to those used on the Panama Canal.
MetroCards are available on the route as far as Knottingley: a limited service of trains continues to Goole by this route.
The state-owned company created with the nationalization, Ferrocarriles Argentinos took over all the English and French railway lines.
After closure of the line in 1953, the Veendam-Zuidbroek part of the line was reopened in 2011.
It was completed on November 29, 2016 and takes passengers from Chongqing North Railway Station to Wanzhou Railway Station in one hour.
The Rodgau Railway is a railway line that runs from Offenbach Central Station via Rodgau to Rödermark-Ober-Roden in the German state of Hesse.
As a result, narrow gauge limited expresses such as the Thunderbird and Shirasagi are common sights along the line.
T1300 trains of the metro were introduced in 1982 and from 1995 it was linked with the eastern metro lines.
It was built by the PLM and opened on 15 September 1864 to provide a link between Grenoble and Montmélian.
The Nijmegen–Venlo railway, also called Maaslijn, is a railway line in the Netherlands running from Nijmegen to Venlo, passing through Boxmeer and Venray.
It was originally constructed to carry coal from the Karatsu coal field to the Port of Karatsu.
The line was proposed to replace the Second Avenue and Third Avenue elevated lines.
Hence the line linked Andheri in the north with the village of Trombay in the east.
Lines of the Nankai Main Lane and the connecting lines excluded the Kōya Line and the Airport Line are named generically "the Nankai Line".
The 7 km-long line climbs from Brügge station on the Hagen–Dieringhausen railway to Lüdenscheid station.
The Asker Line that is under construction will run parallel to the Drammen Line.
One four-wheeled motor coach of 1928 is preserved at the Blonay–Chamby museum railway, as is a trailer and a freight car, both of 1905.
This solution was then used for the construction of the Gotthard Tunnel.
It is the first line of the TRAX system completed.
Passenger trains used this route until 1985 when Amtrak's North Star service ended.
It runs from Wels in Upper Austria to Passau in Bavaria and is part of the core network of the Austrian Federal Railways.
In September 1987, the service was curtailed to Belair.
The route runs over the infrastructure of the Lecco–Milan railway.
An extension to Skøyen in Oslo will perhaps be built after 2020.
In 1869 the rails reached Ciriè, for a total of 21.243 km and five stations.
The B begins at Brighton Beach and runs via the bridge's north tracks to the IND Sixth Avenue Line.
It follows a more eastern route than the Østfold Line, with which it adjoins at both Ski Station and Sarpsborg Station, serving the Indre Østfold district.
On 9 June 2014, a concrete support beam collapsed during construction which killed one worker and injuring two others.
The line is electrified, using 750 V DC third rail.
The Tōzai Line was referred to as Line 5 during the planning stages, thus the seldom-used official name is Line 5 Tōzai Line.
In the railway's short name, "Hang" stand for Hangzhou, and "Yong" is a traditional short name for Ningbo.
The line has two branch lines: the Utsunomiya Line at Shin-Tochigi Station in Tochigi, Tochigi, and the Kinugawa Line at Shimo-Imaichi Station in Nikkō.
By 2017, this has increased to 120,000 people per day.
The Meikō Line is a subway line forming part of the Nagoya Municipal Subway system in Nagoya, Japan, operated by Transportation Bureau City of Nagoya.
Diesel cars manufactured between 1961 and 1977 run through the scenic hilly areas of Bōsō Peninsula, and the line has many antique station buildings.
Line 5 of the Guangzhou Metro or Huanshilu Line runs from Liwan District to Huangpu District.
7 was a line operated by the Los Angeles Railway from 1932 to 1955.
It was opened between Munich and Rosenheim in 1871.
It is served by Munich S-Bahn line S 7.
The Epsom Salts Monorail or Magnesium Monorail was a short-lived Lartigue Monorail in San Bernardino County, California, in the United States.
The line is owned and maintained by Network Rail and London Overground.
The total investment was expected to be 124.5 billion yuan.
The D Line opened on 3 June 1937 and has been expanded to the north several times.
The route to the Loop follows tracks shared with Green Line trains on Lake Street, connected by the previously non-revenue Paulina Connector.
It runs from Slade Lane Junction, some 2 km south of Manchester Piccadilly, to Wilmslow.
It was in existence between 1914 and 1956.
The Zavodskaya line was a freight railway in Russia.
The Gyeongbuk Line is a railway line serving North Gyeongsang Province in South Korea.
The railway line lacked funds to upgrade the infrastructure to meet the new safety standards, and separated to become the present company.
The Jamnagar–Porbandar line belongs to Western Railway of Rajkot Division.
It is partially underground and partially raised above street level.
Construction on the 300 km from Vaires-sur-Marne to Baudrecourt began in 2004; the first phase entered into service in June 2007.
Extensions to the red line are currently under construction to the northern suburb of Neve Yaakov and to Hadassah Ein Kerem Hospital to the southwest.
It is the vital, shortest and busiest route connecting Chennai Egmore and Southern Tamil Nadu.
The Ludhiana–Fazilka line is a railway line connecting Ludhiana and Fazilka both in the Indian state of the Punjab .
It was located in the Canterbury region of the South Island, and ran roughly parallel with the Eyreton Branch that was located some ten kilometres south.
The Gäu Railway is also a significant line in the North-South freight service system.
From Niedernhausen to Eschhofen, it takes over Route number 627 from the Ländches Railway.
The Isumi Line is a railway line in Chiba Prefecture, Japan, operated by the third-sector railway operating company Isumi Railway Company.
The Nottingham–Grantham line is a branch line between the towns of Nottingham and Grantham in the East Midlands of England.
Passenger services are operated by Abellio ScotRail.
Eastern Dedicated Freight Corridor or Eastern DFC is a railway under construction in northwestern India by Indian Railways.
The Urskog–Høland Line, also known as Tertitten, is a narrow gauge railway between Sørumsand and Skulerud in Norway.
The SEPTA Main Line is the section of the SEPTA Regional Rail system from the Zoo Interlocking in West Philadelphia to Lansdale Station in Lansdale, Pennsylvania.
When fully built out the line will be 18.5 miles long and pass through Denver, Commerce City, Northglenn, and Thornton.
Line 1 of the Beijing Subway is the oldest and one of the busiest lines of Beijing's mass transit rail network.
Only the system's depot, Diivka, is located west of the Pokrovska station.
As such, this section's closest relatives are Lisbon’s Glória, Bica, and Lavra street funiculars.
The line is operated by the Canadian Pacific Railway.
The Norfolk Southern Railway provides freight service along the line via trackage rights.
The Taneatua Branch is a branch railway line from Hawkens Junction to Taneatua in the Bay of Plenty, New Zealand.
The opening of the full length of the line was now expected to occur in July 2017.
It was nicknamed the Cuckoo Line by drivers, from a tradition observed at the annual fair at Heathfield, a station on the route.
The RER D is one of five RER lines serving Paris, France.
The line was built as part of the Baden Mainline.
The first section scheduled to open in June 2018.
It closed in 1979 and was dismantled in 1985.
Kitchener is one of the seven train lines of the GO Transit system in the Greater Toronto Area, Ontario, Canada.
Holmenkollen Station is located close to Holmenkollen National Arena which hosts international Nordic skiing tournaments.
Two FA steam locomotives were purchased from the New Zealand Railways, No 41 in 1937 and No 250 in 1943.
Line 6 also has the deepest station in the network, Dongsi Station, which is 34 meters underground.
The later stations are larger and have special safety features, both aspects being attempts to future-proof the line.
There are three crossing loops: at Ngaio and Khandallah stations and below Wadestown in the Ngaio Gorge.
Some residual goods services were retained, but in 1965 all commercial railway activity on the line ceased.
The inner track travels clockwise and the outer track travels counter-clockwise.
The Canungra railway line was a branch railway in South East Queensland, Australia.
The Otavi Mining and Railway Company was a railway and mining company in German South West Africa.
The line stretches 106.9 km along the Pacific Ocean coast with a total of 25 stations.
It is part of Network Rail Strategic Route 7, SRS 07.07, and is classified as a London and South East commuter line.
Along the way it connected with the Montauk Branch near Glendale, the Atlantic Branch near Woodhaven, and the Far Rockaway Branch at Hammels.
The Nijkerk–Ede-Wageningen railway is a railway line in the Netherlands currently running from Barneveld to Ede-Wageningen.
Today its starting point is two newly built bay platforms at the main line station at Aigle, adjacent to the line of the SBB-CFF-FFS.
Most of it follows two parts the historic Ludwig South-North Railway, one of the oldest lines in Germany.
The express line is planned to run north-south west of the city centre, between Lines 16 and 4, through Haidian, Xicheng and Fengtai Districts.
In October 2016 the previous owners warned their staff of potential redundancy which suggested an uncertain future from the pier and ferry service.
The Tyne Valley line, built by the Newcastle & Carlisle Railway, is a railway line in northern England.
The Oslo Port Line is an abandoned Norwegian railway that went between the two main railway stations in Oslo, Oslo Østbanestasjon and Oslo Vestbanestasjon.
From there, it passes through Sukhumvit Rd., Rama IV Rd., and Ratchadaphisek - Rama 3 Rd.
It intersects Howrah-Chennai main line at Tenali.
The Madrid-Sevilla high speed line is a 472-kilometer-long Spanish railway line for high speed traffic between Madrid and Seville.
The İzmir–Eğirdir railway, commonly referred to as the Izmir-Aydın railway, is a main line in southwest Turkey.
Line 3 is the busiest in the system.
It is operated by the Light Rail Transit Authority, a government-owned and controlled corporation attached to the Department of Transportation under an official development assistance scheme.
The North Warwickshire Line is a suburban railway line in the West Midlands region of the United Kingdom.
Despite its name, Line B was the first line to be built in the city.
Most of the Mount Washington Cog Railway is in Thompson and Meserve's Purchase, with the part of the railway nearest to Mt.
It was introduced in 1995 to provide local rail services in Kuala Lumpur and the surrounding Klang Valley suburban areas.
At the same time as the extension, tablet signalling was introduced between Huntly and Glen Afton.
The railway sooned earned the nickname Baron Line, thanks to the number of nobles living along the line.
:809 The monorail was opened in 1924:811 and closed in June 1926.:814
It is also an important link for freight transport.
It opened in 1851 after several false starts, followed by branch lines to Rye Harbour in 1854, Dungeness in 1881 and New Romney in 1884.
The line was completed to Minnesota City in 1870, and made a junction with the Winona and St. Peter Railroad in 1871.
The project is being planned by Los Angeles County Metropolitan Transportation Authority.
It is one of Italy's busiest lines for both passenger and freight trains.
Until 1955 it used the old Class 2 trams, but after 1958 it received wide, more comfortable Class 4 trams.
In September 2016, the operation won approval from the Surface Transportation Board.
The Union Pearson Express is an airport rail link running between Union Station in Downtown Toronto and Toronto Pearson International Airport.
Branching off the northern line at Medawachchiya Junction, the line heads north-west through North Central and Northern provinces before terminating at the town of Talaimannar.
It is 88 km long with 71 km of dedicated high-speed tracks and 17 km of modernised lines.
It runs from Berlin through the southern Teltow countryside and then between Lower Lusatia and Fläming Heath through Elsterwerda and the Großenhainer Pflege countryside to Dresden.
It has a planned 24 stations from Qishibosha in the North-east of Dongguan, to Chang'An New Area South, in the south of Dongguan.
The narrow-gauge railroad of Caprolactam factory in Datchnij settlement is the only railway in Russia hauling salt trains.
From 1927 it became part of Line 10, which it remained part of until its closing on 17 January 1949.
In 1995, the current people-mover system started construction.
Since 2002 the line allows for speeds up to 250 km/h.
The line diverges from Osong Station on the Gyeongbu High Speed Railway, and stops at Gongju, Iksan, Jeongeup Stations.
This 4.1-mile double-tracked branch left the Main Line at 40°37′08″N 74°04′18″W, south of the Clifton station, and lay to the east of the Main Line.
The line has been noted for its high costs and inordinate delays — 17 in total — during construction.
The Green Line is currently entirely in the south side of Dublin city.
There was formerly an interchange with the San Manuel Arizona Railroad at Hayden.
Line 11 is a line of the Companhia Paulista de Trens Metropolitanos commuter rail system in São Paulo, Brazil.
It has 29 stations spanning 52.1 km, which have been opened in phases from 2009 to 2011.
The line is an important line in Kyushu, connecting Fukuoka to many other major cities.
The line color on maps, station signs and train livery is royal purple, derived from the kasaya robes worn by Buddhist monks.
The 16.5 km-long single-track line was the only line in the Electorate of Hesse connecting to a port on the Weser.
Additionally, many trains terminate at various locations on the line such as Ilsan, Neunggok, Daegok, Yongsan, Cheongnyangni, Deokso, and Yangpyeong.
The Warner Center branch includes several blocks of street running in the Warner Center area.
The North Side Main Line, commonly called the Howard Branch, is an elevated section of the Chicago "L" system.
The Kalininsko-Solntsevskaya Line is a line of the Moscow Metro, currently consisting of two separate parts.
This stub line to Oberammergau branches off at Murnau from the Munich–Garmisch-Partenkirchen main line.
All but one of the line's 73 structures were built of reinforced concrete, a pioneering use of the material.
It has 6 stations and 7.7 km of track.
The west end of the line was extended from Jincheon to Daegok, reaching its current length on May 10, 2002.
The line was developed by Strathclyde Passenger Transport Executive and British Rail.
Line 4 of the Dongguan Rail Transit, formerly known as Line R4, is a planned subway line in Dongguan, China.
According to those plans the part of Line 4 between Shihulu and Wangshanlu stations will be operated as Line 7.
The first sections of a line to the west of the city were built in the early 20th century as part of the Brandenburg Bypass Railway.
It has been operated since 2001 by Erzgebirgsbahn, which is part of DB Regio.
Sprinter service is operated with Desiro-class diesel multiple units manufactured by Siemens in Germany, where they are widely used by main-line regional railways.
It links the Col de Saint-Ignace, some 10 km to the east of Saint-Jean-de-Luz, to the summit of the La Rhune mountain.
It connects Nishiarai Station to Daishimae Station.
The Festungsbahn opened in 1892, and should not be confused with the much older Reisszug funicular that provides goods access to the castle.
It separates from the North Kent Line just to the east of Blackheath Station, and rejoins the same line just South of Slade Green in Dartford.
A trial run was conducted on the line between Riyadh and Majmah in October 2016.
The line first opened, at its present length, on Christmas Eve 2006.
The project underwent Alternatives Analysis as the next step in the process to secure federal funding for the project.
These have been specially modified for the Hada railway which must cope with temperatures as low as -40°C in winter.
The section Freiburg-Neustadt is electrified since 18 June 1936.
It began operation in 1997, as the second line in the system.
It covers a length of 37.95 km with 26 stations.
Each branch had its own Chard passenger station at first, although the two lines connected in Chard.
The Šargan Eight is a narrow-gauge heritage railway in Serbia, running from the village of Mokra Gora to Šargan Vitasi station.
It is a part of the Pearl River Delta Rapid Transit network.
It opened in 1875 and operated until 1954, except for the first portion, which remained open until 1965.
Line 2 of CRT runs southeastward from Jiaochangkou to Xinshancun.
The trolleys are expected to be completed in 2018.
On weekends it stops at some additional stations between Cologne Hbf and Koblenz Hbf.
The service was used by 2.7 million passengers in 2007 and by 3.3 million passengers in 2012.
Its southern terminus is Union Station in Toronto, and its northern terminus is in Lincolnville in Whitchurch-Stouffville.
It is also strategically important for freight, as it allows container trains from the Port of Felixstowe to travel to the Midlands and beyond.
It also includes grade segments and crossings at the northern portion of the line.
All 18 stations on the 23.1 km line are under ground.
The line originally extended to Aomori, but was truncated upon the extension of the Tōhoku Shinkansen beyond Morioka, which mostly parallels the Tōhoku Main Line.
The line was constructed in 1965/66 to serve the former Chrysler/Mitsubishi plant at Clovelly Park, which closed in March 2008.
There have frequently been proposals to reintroduce the local passenger service on the line, but at present there is no active commitment to do so.
It runs from Bristol Temple Meads to Severn Beach, and used to extend to Pilning.
The line is part of the future 2230-km long Beijing–Guangzhou-Shenzhen-Hong Kong High-Speed Railway.
The trackbed was eventually dismantled and is nowadays a cycle path.
The Grüningen site still exists and, with significant rebuilding, is now the headquarters of the VZO.
Before closure the route Hull–Beverley–Market Weighton–York had daily direct trains and was often referred to as the Hull to York line.
The Gonō Line is operated by East Japan Railway Company.
The line was completed in 1868, as part of the Frankfurt-Bebra Railway.
It is envisaged construction on Phase Two will start in 2022 with completion by 2032.
The Gyeongwon Line is a railway line serving northeastern Gyeonggi Province in South Korea.
It is entirely double track and is served by line S1 of the Hamburg S-Bahn along its entire length.
As of December 2016 passenger service frequency on the line is typically one train per hour in each direction between Ipswich and Felixstowe.
The line was recommended for closure in the 1963 Beeching report and closed in November 1965.
The Ayrshire Coast Line is one of the lines within the Strathclyde suburban rail network in Scotland.
Its official name is Rapid Electric Tramway Line No.
The line is Turkey's only railway connecting to Europe and is an important freight corridor for the country.
To the east of the bridge past Lansdowne Avenue it continues on its own again.
Although the line continues south across the Korean Demilitarized Zone, it is non-operational south of P'yŏnggang.
Line 14 is a rapid suburban metro line along with Line 21.
One train was parked at the station picking up passengers when it was hit by another train that did not stop in time.
Western Line services travel on it between Swanson Station and Newmarket Station.
The U2 is a line on the Frankfurt U-Bahn.
It was a critical link, due to the difficulties of shipping negotiating the entrance Macquarie Harbour and was essential during the 1912 North Mount Lyell Disaster.
On 28 September 1975 passenger services on the 11 km long route were withdrawn.
At present only the Maeyachi to Yanaizu section is operated as a railway, with services on the balance of the route provided by buses.
The line opened in 1868 and was soon leased by the Central Railroad of New Jersey.
Its name means "the line to the west of the lake," indicating that it approximately parallels the western shore of Biwako.
Veolia Transport also operates Utmanartåget with a biweekly connection between Storlien and Malmö via Stockholm.
The Doomben railway line refers to the section of the Pinkenba railway line that has a regular passenger service.
The Milan–Venice railway line is one of the most important railway lines in Italy.
With stations every 2.5 km and trains operating up to 100km/h, Line 17 will be Beijing's first north–south express line.
It was opened on 16 September 2011.
Line 19 starts at Rongqiao Road in Pudong and travels via the Shanghai Yangtze River Tunnel and Bridge to Dongtan Resort, Chongming County.
The line originally had a through service with the Nishitetsu Kitakyushu Line, a tram line closed in 2000.
The Huddersfield line is one of the busiest rail lines on the West Yorkshire MetroTrain network in Northern England.
This was done to lessen passengers' confusion as to which line to take from the D Gates to baggage claim.
To distinguish the 2 sections, the newer west section is identified as Line 8A.
The Mayflower line has six stations, including the two termini, and is situated within the county of Essex.
The Line was built by the Norwegian State Railways and opened on 1 December 1909, along with the last part of the Bergen Line.
There is no regular traffic south of Rakkestad Station, although the line can be used for freight trains when the Western Line is closed.
South of Altenhundem it crosses the watershed between the Lenne and the Sieg.
The line connects to the Drammen Line at the northern terminus at Drammen Station and continues as the Bratsberg Line past Skien Station.
During the skiing season, Tanigawa services from Tokyo are extended to run to Gala-Yuzawa.
All three stations on the line have been renamed since their opening.
With its 55 bridges and 39 tunnels, the 61.67-kilometre long line is one of the most spectacular narrow gauge railways in the world.
The first section links the stops of Cassarate and Suvigliana and is only 196 metres long.
Like all but one of the other Milan suburban railway service routes, it is operated by Trenord.
The line has through services with the Meijō Line.
The route also provides the main artery for substantial freight traffic to and from Felixstowe and Harwich via their respective branch lines.
This name is used in all official and legal processes.
It is one of the eight arterial high-speed rail corridors that form the backbone of China's HSR network.
The Gyeongbu Line is the most important railway line in South Korea and one of the oldest.
It is owned and operated by the private railway operator Nagoya Railroad.
It is known in German as the Moselstrecke, i.e.
The next section, initially the Hell–Sunnan Line, opened in stages between 1902 and 1905.
The Eastern Suburbs railway connects with the Illawarra line at Erskineville, forming the Eastern Suburbs & Illawarra Line.
Electronic passenger information system displays estimated train arrival times.
Its main feature is 21 km of new twin tunnels through central London.
The route will terminate at Saint Paul's Union Depot.
Passenger service began on November 16, 2009.
On 12 December 2013 passenger service on the line was terminated, and was substituted by 2 buses for the connection between Piacenza and Cremona.
1 when a second less steep incline was built on the south side as Castle Shannon Incline No.
It opened on May 25, 1907, and closed on January 29, 1954.
The Sinhŭng Line is an electrified railway line of the North Korean State Railway running from Hamhŭng on the P'yŏngra Line to Pujŏnhoban on Lake Pujŏn.
It links the railway station of Les Avants, on the Montreux–Oberland Bernois railway between Montreux and Montbovon, with an upper terminus at Sonloup.
The inaugural run was across a 2 mi stretch from Market Square in Durban to the newly built Point station at Durban harbour.
The line became a branch again in 1938 and in 1946 the upper section, received standard gauge.
The route covered by the service was historically part of the Midland Railway.
Since February 2006 high-speed trains have operated over the Turin–Milan high-speed line between Turin and Novara.
It will serve as test track for the first mass transit system to be built and developed in the country by local engineers.
The public railway company Staatsspoorwegen built the line as part of the Western railways in order to improve connectivity with the western regions on Java.
The FL4 is a regional rail route.
Between 59th Street–Columbus Circle and 145th Street, the line can be called the Central Park West Line.
The Hankyu Senri Line is a railway line in Osaka Prefecture, Japan, operated by Hankyu Railway.
The Patna-Sonepur-Hajipur section is a railway line connecting Patna to Hajipur in the Indian state of Bihar.
During this time, express trains ran every 15 minutes from Adelaide railway station to Showground Central.
The first section, from Kamikitadai to Tachikawa-Kita, opened in 1998, with the second section to Tama-Center opened in 2000.
Owned and operated by the Norwegian State Railways, the passenger transport was provided by three NSB Class 64 electric multiple units.
Miller's line was a passenger railway line in Russia from 1873 to 1886, run by the Finnish Railways.
Lanzhou Zhongchuan Airport Intercity Railway is a high-speed railway in China, located in Gansu Province, connecting the Lanzhou urban area and Lanzhou Zhongchuan Airport.
The following stations are on Staatslijn K:
The color of Line 6 is Purple.
Skylink trains run every two minutes and travel at speeds up to 35–37 mph.
The Main Line is a rail line owned and operated by the Long Island Rail Road in the U.S. state of New York.
The Howrah–Bardhaman chord is a broad-gauge rail line connecting Howrah and Bardhaman.
Construction and running were undertaken by Magnetbahn GmbH.
The Røa Line is owned by Kollektivtransportproduksjon, and operated by Oslo T-banedrift on contract with the public transport agency Ruter.
The Viramgam–Mahesana section belongs to Western Railway of Ahmedabad Division.
There, it enters Blandford Street Portal into Kenmore station, where it merges with the "C" and "D" branches.
The opening of the first section took place on 15 October 1875.
It follows the Iller river for its entire length and is therefore also called the Iller Valley Railway.
KBS 840, is an 88 kilometre long, electrified, double-tracked main line from Lichtenfels via Kronach to Saalfeld.
The funicular carries passengers between the foot of the butte of Montmartre and its summit, near the foot of the Sacré-Cœur basilica.
It is entirely double track and electrified.
It is also informally called the Oosterspoorweg, with the part between Amsterdam and Amersfoort sometimes being called the Gooilijn.
The FL8 is a regional rail route.
This creates distortion on the ground surface that ordinary high speed railway lines could not cope with.
High quality limestone workings at Aberthaw encouraged thoughts of a Cowbridge and Aberthaw Railway.
This line is planned to link the Din Daeng housing community areas, Bangkok City Hall 2, Makkasan Station, and business area along Sathon Road.
Nevertheless the FO line was considered to be of strategic importance.
The UP Express began operation on June 6, 2015, in time for the 2015 Pan American Games.
The line is single-track and is electrified at 1,500 V DC.
The Asansol–Tatanagar–Kharagpur line is part of Howrah and eastern India's links with Mumbai and Chennai.
The plan for west extension of the first phase from Guangzhou South Railway Station to Meidi Dadao in Shunde District, Foshan was approved in October, 2015.
The journey takes five hours through the valleys and gorges between Rila and Rhodopes.
This cuts about 20 minutes off the trips from Blue Island to downtown.
The system's construction was estimated to start in 2018 for completion in 2023.
It was approved by the Investment Coordination Committee–Cabinet Committee of the National Economic and Development Authority last April 2015 as a public–private partnership project.
In June 2015, it was announced that the entire project would be renamed the Sydney Metro Northwest, the first stage of the forthcoming Sydney Metro system.
The Gyeongui Line is a railway line between Seoul and Dorasan Station in Paju.
The main line crosses Nagpur, Wardha, Amravati, Akola, and Buldhana districts of Vidarbha region and Jalgaon district of Khandesh region.
After Garfield, the Red Line continued to the Englewood Branch of the Green Line, and terminated at Ashland/63rd until October 19, 2013.
In 1910, the company began plans to upgrade the line.
The S2 service of the S-Bahn Rhein-Main system bearing the KBS number 645.2 is a railway connection between the small Taunus town Niedernhausen and Dietzenbach.
Northern operates passenger trains on the line; TransPennine Express and CrossCountry use the line but do not provide stopping service.
The two parts were connected by a 6 kilometers section of the Tønsberg–Eidsfoss Line.
These trains are pulled by ALP-45DP Locomotives since electrification ends at Long Branch.
Two intermediate stations, at Titlisstrasse and Waldhaus Dolder, are also served.
Formerly a Kasuga limited express train went the whole of the Kansai Main Line, but this service was discontinued in March 2006.
The line shortened travel time between the two cities from 78 to 45 minutes.
Its total distance is about 35 km, which takes about one hour from Santragachi to Amta.
The word Samjhauta means "agreement", "accord" and "compromise" in both Hindi and Urdu.
Several other railways were proposed in the area in the 19th and early 20th centuries but these proposals came to nothing.
Only the M1 line has a longer route length.
Lyublinsko-Dmitrovskaya Line is a line of the Moscow Metro.
As of August 2016, the line has six trains each way on weekdays.
Locals call the train "Wilerbähnli" or "Wiler Bähnli".
The Daxing Line is about 21.7 km in length with 18 km underground.
The route runs over the infrastructure of the Turin–Milan, Milan Passante and Milan–Venice railways.
Its electric trains rune between Batu Caves and Pulau Sebang/Tampin, with some services terminating in Seremban.
In 1872, an extension was built from Jelgava to Mažeikiai, which connected Riga–Jelgava Railway to the Libau–Romny Railway.
The cars were operated by volunteers from the Transit Museum Society.
After the 1972 season the service was withdrawn.
Many of these branchlines are to coal mines that send coal to the Pukch'ang Thermal Power Complex, and to other industrial centres and power plants.
The railway is approximately 3 miles long and ascends Mt.
The final stage, Stage 3 is due to be opened on 21 October 2017. while stage 3e is to be completed in 2024.
The section of line between Mickle Trafford Junction, near Chester, and Edgeley Junction, Stockport, is the present day core of the Mid-Cheshire line.
At Flekkefjord, there was steam ship connection, onwards to Oslo.
OPT consists of three divisions that each fill a specific role in preserving the state's mass transit history.
It connects iron ore mines near Sishen in the Northern Cape with the port at Saldanha Bay in the Western Cape.
Since then, it has been used only by local services.
The Sørlandet Line is a railway line between Drammen via Kristiansand to Stavanger.
Thirteen of the line's stations are shared with the Orange Line, 16 are shared with the Silver Line and 7 are shared with the Yellow Line.
The main traffic is up to twelve daily freight trains operated by Malmtrafik that haul iron ore from Sweden to Narvik.
Line 2 of the Changsha Metro also known as Huangxing Line a rapid transit line running from west to east Changsha crossing the Xiang River.
Today, BNSF's Northern Transcon travels up the Staples Subdivision instead, which is a more direct route to Fargo, North Dakota.
The first half of the line was opened by the French company Brig-Furka-Disentis Bahn in 1914.
The Banqiao and Nangang Sections are collectively called the Bannan Line.
It is also called the Staatslijn D in Dutch.
He subsequently began what amounted to his second career developing resorts, industries, and communities all along Florida's shores abutting the Atlantic Ocean.
Jatinegara-Manggarai railway is a railway line in Indonesia.
The Airport Link is a railway line in Australia connecting Sydney Airport to the Central Business District and the south-western suburbs of Sydney.
In the year 2011/12 over 260 million passenger journeys were made on the Central line.
Sasaguri Line is a railway line in Japan operated by Kyushu Railway Company.
The plan was rejected due to the high cost of building a new metro line.
The line extends northward to Golden Pebble Beach, a national scenic park 50 km from the city center.
The Uptown/Gold Line is a planned 4.7 mi METRORail light rail route that will be designed, constructed, and operated by METRO in Houston, Texas.
Although Toei Asakusa Line trains in Tokyo also serve airports, those are not the stations of the Asakusa Line itself.
The Seaford railway line is a suburban commuter line in Adelaide, South Australia.
Passenger service ended on the Lehigh Valley in 1961.
The line opened in 1912 and links the towns of Esslingen and Forch to Rehalp, an outer suburb of the city of Zürich.
It is one of the commuter lines to Hiroshima.
Trains can only pass each other at Uzen-Komatsu, Imaizumi, Uzen-Tsubaki, Oguni, Echigo-Kanamaru, and Echigo-Shimoseki stations.
It branches off from the Røa Line at Smestad Station and runs through western Oslo and Bærum to Kolsås Station.
The Leipzig–Probstzella railway is a line in the German states of Saxony, Saxony-Anhalt and Thuringia.
Since privatisation, passenger journeys on this line have massively increased to over 1.7 million per year.
The primary purpose of the line was to carry slate from the Ffestiniog quarries to a specially built quay at Deganwy for export by sea.
The extension is scheduled to open by March 2018.
The Nové Spojení is a series of tunnels and bridges forming an important part of the railway network in Prague, Czech Republic.
The line is also heavily used by leisure travellers, as it and its branches serve a number of seaside resorts, shopping areas and countryside destinations.
The first phase of the line was opened on December 28, 2016.
This line begins at Hekou Station and stretches southwest ending at Lüshunxingang Station.
The line is part of the Milan Metro and serves the north-eastern part of the city.
The line is 50.2 km long and is owned and operated by the East Japan Railway Company.
The Red Rock Corridor Commission was established in 1998 as a joint powers board to address transportation needs for the corridor.
The Ŭnsan Line is an electrified standard-gauge secondary line of the North Korean Korean State Railway running from Ŭnsan on the P'yŏngra Line to Oedong.
The first of these, Talbot Ave, opened on November 12, 2012, followed by Newmarket and Four Corners/Geneva on July 1, 2013.
Construction of the railway started on 8 July 2006 and was finished in mid-2011 at a cost of TL1 billion.
The rail infrastructure is operated by DB Netz, the stations are run by DB Station&Service.
In 1993, it was upgraded to metro standard as the first light rail west of Oslo, with two stations being closed.
It links Winterthur in the canton of Zurich with Etzwilen in the canton of Thurgau.
Inbound deadheads are scheduled between the Joliet, Mokena-Front Street, and Tinley Park stations and run to Blue Island-Vermont Street.
The planned route contains 11 stations in total.
The line carried 115,000 people every day in 2009.
Trains now mostly operate between Koblenz and Gießen.
It was also proposed to build a branch line to Martinborough but this line never eventuated.
The line will be 24.5-kilometre long with 19 stations, and is expected to go into service in 2018.
In 1915 the F&V was acquired by the Soo Line, and its trackage operated as a branch line by that railroad.
It is a subsidiary of Phividec Railways Inc. of the Philippine Veterans Investment Development Corporation.
Adelaide's track is 12 kilometres long and includes three interchanges: Klemzig, Paradise and Tea Tree Plaza Interchange in Modbury.
It provides transfer to the S-train at three stations and to DSB trains at two stations.
The Wolgot–Pangyo Line is a future subway line scheduled to open in 2027.
Rigi Railways is a group of railways on the mountain Rigi, located between two of the arms of Lake Lucerne, in Switzerland.
The line runs from Alsancak Terminal in İzmir to Bozanönü, where the Isparta branch begins.
The Tinnoset Line from Tinnoset to Notodden, 34 km
In 1920, the Drammen Line was converted to standard gauge, resulting in expensive transshipment between the two lines.
It is a part of the larger rail transport system in Kuala Lumpur known as Greater KL/Klang Valley Integrated Transit System.
Terminal stations will be Oslo Central Station and Ski Station.
The Weddel loop is a 21.1 km long German railway between Fallersleben and Weddel.
The line continues westward then northwest as a four-track line with the local tracks to the outside of the express tracks.
The Taita Line is a 17.8 km railway line in Gifu Prefecture, Japan, operated by Central Japan Railway Company.
The Wessex Main Line is the railway line from Bristol Temple Meads to Southampton.
It was opened with the U8 on 12 December 2010.
The Santa Fe Western Railway was an Argentine railway company which became British-owned in 1900 when it was taken over by the Central Argentine Railway.
The Roma–Lido railway is an urban railway line connecting the Porta San Paolo Station in Rome to Lido di Ostia, Rome's seaside neighborhood.
The line was built by the North British Railway; the stretch from Edinburgh to Hawick opened in 1849 and the remainder to Carlisle opened in 1862.
The line is forecast to carry about 14.6 million rides a year or 40,000 a day by 2031.
Geographically, the Saltivska Line cuts Kharkiv on a northeast-southwest axis, provides subway access to much of Saltivka.
It is operated by the Réseau de transport métropolitain, the umbrella organization that integrates and coordinates public transport services across this region.
Since 2002 the remains of the Hindenburg bridge has been the easternmost point of the UNESCO World Heritage Site of the Upper Middle Rhine Valley.
The McCarran International Airport People Movers are three separate automatic people mover systems operating at McCarran International Airport near Las Vegas, Nevada.
The entire line is located in the Pudong New Area.
The Glasgow–Edinburgh via Falkirk line is a mainline railway line linking Glasgow and Edinburgh via Falkirk in Scotland.
Service on the line is operated by Northern, with a few additional workings by Virgin Trains East Coast starting and terminating at Harrogate.
It connects Munich East station with Deisenhofen and was opened on 10 October 1898.
The remaining section of the line is scheduled to opened in 2019.
It runs weekday peak commuter hours only, with very little midday and reverse commute service.
By the 1990s, log traffic to Longreach by rail was decreasing, and container traffic to the port of Bell Bay was increasing.
It has six tracks and is used principally for passenger trains.
And finally, capacity on the IRT's subway system doubled, increasing its usage.
The Astoria Line is a rapid transit line of the BMT Division of the New York City Subway, serving the Queens neighborhood of Astoria.
Plans were approved in 1954 and the line opened on 28 April 1957.
The Split Suburban Railway is a suburban railway network in Split, Croatia.
The Pink Line operates between 54th/Cermak and the Loop, weekdays from 4:05 a.m. to 1:25 a.m., and Saturdays and Sundays from 5:05 a.m. to 1:25 a.m.
The Seibu Haijima Line is a railway line in Tokyo, Japan, operated by Seibu Railway.
These cars were built by Belgian company La Brugeoise starting in 1913 and were refurbished in 1927 when their wooden structure was modified for underground-only use.
It connects Wakamatsu Station in Kitakyushu with Haruda Station in Chikushino.
The line's construction in the 1920s and 1930s promoted housing growth along the Queens Boulevard corridor and stimulated the urbanization of central Queens.
The lines was discontinued on September 25, 1954.
The branch is the only LIRR service whose trains do not serve Jamaica, as it branches off the Main Line several miles northwest of that station.
It is owned and operated jointly by West Japan Railway Company and Shikoku Railway Company.
By this means, Mr. Rosholt hoped to raise one-half the cost of building the railroad, with himself to furnish the balance."
It also has an unofficial name Universiade Line because it connected the Universiade playground and the center of Shenzhen.
This line covers Outer Delhi, North Delhi, through Central Delhi and South Delhi and finally Gurgaon.
Additionally, representatives from Goodhue County, the City of Red Wing, Prairie Island Indian Community, and the Canadian Pacific Railway serve as ex-officio members.
It is scheduled to open in June 2017.
The Nikšić–Podgorica railway is a railway connecting Montenegro's capital Podgorica and the country's second largest city, Nikšić.
It connects Hachiōji Station in Hachiōji, Tokyo with Kuragano Station in Takasaki, Gunma Prefecture.
The electronic destination boards at stations on the FL6 route show only the designation "R" and the relevant train number.
The Hanover–Minden railway is one of the most important railways in Lower Saxony and railway in Germany.
In the east the line will connect with the Neu-Ulm station opened on 18 March 2007, in the west to the Stuttgart 21 project.
It is thus an important artery in Buenos Aires' transport system.
It was one of the six State-owned Argentine railway companies formed after President Juan Perón's nationalisation of the railway network in 1948.
Construction work on the Xi'an–Baoji High-Speed Railway started on December 11, 2009.
The line traverses the cities of Kawanishi and Takarazuka in the northwestern corner of the Osaka metropolitan area.
92% of the total length will be elevated or in tunnels.
The Waterloo & City line is a short, fully underground railway line in central London, England.
From 1 June 1869 passenger services were also operated, including express trains from Frankfurt's western stations to central Germany.
Officially inaugurated in 1969, it went to become the first metro line to be built in the country.
The Kollam–Sengottai section is part of the Kollam–Chennai meter gauge rail route commissioned by the British in 1904.
It was opened in 1858 and is one of the oldest railways in Germany.
The Marshlink line is a railway line in South East England.
The total investment is 116.76 billion yuan.
The line opened on 7 January 1867 with railway stations at Wimille, Marquise, Caffiers and St Pierre.
The Blue Line is a Pittsburgh Light Rail line that runs between Downtown Pittsburgh via the Overbrook neighborhood to Library and South Hills Village.
Construction on the Red line began in 2002 and ended in 2010, when the testing phase began.
Recently the line between Millburn and Summit underwent extensive rehabilitation.
The Pink Line of the Jaipur Metro is part of the rapid transit system in the city of Jaipur, India.
The Treib–Seelisberg railway is a funicular railway in the canton of Uri, Switzerland.
The Arun Valley line, also known as the Mid Sussex line, is part of the Southern-operated railway services.
Within the territory of the comune of Rome, it plays the role of a commuter railway.
Located entirely underground, it runs through the neighborhoods of Sinsen, Løren and Økern in Bjerke, creating a connection between the Ring Line with the Grorud Line.
Shiwu Passenger Railway is an 840 km high-speed rail line between Shijiazhuang and Wuhan in China.
The trials of the line began in August 2016.
Line and stations between Jakarta Kota and Manggarai are shared with the Jakarta Kota–Bogor line.
It operates between the Hesse state capital Wiesbaden and the southern Offenbach rural district serving the densely populated area along the Main river.
The Berlin-Blankenheim railway or Wetzlarer Bahn is a railway line in the German states of Berlin, Brandenburg and Saxony-Anhalt.
Previous names for the line include the SBG Polybahn and the Zürichbergbahn.
The line was sanctioned in 1846 and the first part, the York to Market Weighton Line opened in 1847.
Operations were transferred to London Underground in 1994 following a major refurbishment and replacement of rolling stock.
It consists of eight stations, one of which marks the crossover into the East London Line network and runs 8.5 miles.
Its primary components are the Southern Sydney Freight Line and a line from Sefton to Enfield and Port Botany.
The South Wind began operations in December 1940, providing streamliner service between Chicago, Illinois and Miami, Florida.
Along with locomotive depots at Sariwŏn and Sŏhŭng, there are large freight-handling facilities at Hwangju, Chunghwa, East Sariwŏn, Sŏhŭng, P'yŏngsan and Kaesŏng have large freight facilities.
The enhanced service is said to commence sometime in 2008.
The line is sometimes called the Niederschlesische Gütermagistrale because it provides a direct connection from the province of Lower Silesia to Central Germany.
The first passenger train ran on Konkan railway tracks on 20 March 1993 between Udupi and Mangalore.
The Solbergfoss Line was a 7.9-kilometer railway line which ran from Askim Station to Solbergfoss Power Station, entirely in Askim, Norway.
It is connected to Line U1 and Line U4 at Karlsplatz, Line U3 at Volkstheater, Line U4 at Schottenring and Line U1 at Praterstern.
The subway is the second phase of the San Francisco Municipal Transportation Agency's Third Street Light Rail Project.
This was originally proposed for construction starting along with the Purple Line and completion in 2012.
The Munich–Rosenheim railway is a 65 kilometre-long double-track main line of the German railways.
Ground was broken for construction in November 2005.
The single-track electrified main line is part of the German Unity Transport Project No.
The line runs through Buskerud and Oppland and allowed the Bergen Line access to Oslo at Oslo East Station.
Although it has its own right-of-way for most of the route, the Fukubu Line runs with traffic as a tram line past Fukui-Shin Station.
The Jerusalem Light Rail is a light rail system in Jerusalem.
The district was formed in 1950, when TCDD split into its original 5 districts.
On 1 June 1889, the extension to Fussen was opened, but it was built and operated by the private Lokalbahn AG.
The line was originally planned to have a main line from Suyeong Station to Daejeo Station with a second phase that splits from Minam Station.
It is used for the transportation of sand from the quarry "Red quarry" to the KSM-2 factory.
It connects Bhusawal and Kalyan both in the Indian state of Maharashtra.
The Seibu Tamagawa Line is an 8.0 km railway line in the western suburbs of Tokyo operated by the private railway operator Seibu Railway.
It is part of the Munich S-Bahn network and is integrated within the Münchner Verkehrs- und Tarifverbund as line S2.
The Wakasa Line is a Japanese railway line in Tottori Prefecture operated by the third-sector operating company Wakasa Railway.
It will be operated by the company midttrafik.
It includes the central stations of Duisburg, Oberhausen, Gelsenkirchen, Dortmund and Wanne-Eickel and the regionally important stations of Essen-Altenessen and Herne.
The system opened on December 17, 2003, with connections to the New York City Subway and Long Island Rail Road.
Starting in Chengdu, it travels via Guiyang and Guilin before reaching Guangzhou.
Some old train lines will be used in the construction of the project, which will reduce costs.
The Mokama–Barauni section connects Mokama Junction and Barauni in the Indian state of Bihar .
The operator's name, Tokyu, is included in the formal name of this line.
Due to its history as the former Asanogawa Electric Railway, the line is often referred to as the Asaden.
It would also remove the obstacle to the construction of Garces Circle.
It connected Logan Village on the Beaudesert line and Canungra.
The North Chester Line was a line of the Bakersfield and Kern Electric Railway.
The northern section of this line between Chengdu and Leshan forms the southern part of the operational Chengdu–Mianyang–Leshan Intercity Railway.
The lines were branded to their current names in 2016.
Phase 1 is served by the Q train, which runs at all times.
Beijing–Shijiazhuang High-Speed Railway is a 281-kilometre high-speed rail line between Beijing and Shijiazhuang in China opened on 26 December 2012 after 4 years of construction.
It was constructed during the Dutch colonial age, as a branch line from the Jakarta Kota-Anyer Kidul railway.
The first two reviews suggested installing noise shielding along sensitive parts of the line.
The line has a loading gauge of W6.
The Montclair-Boonton line was formed when the Montclair Connection opened on September 30, 2002.
The Dill Railway is a 73 km-long double-track electrified railway line, which runs from Giessen in Hesse to Siegen in North Rhine-Westphalia.
Public timetables refer to the Main Line east of Hicksville as the Ronkonkoma Branch.
As of February 2013, it serves an average of 17,474 passengers every weekday.
Forskningsparken has transfer to the Oslo Tramway and serves Rikshospitalet.
Ownership of the stock is shared in the following proportions:
It is owned and operated by Meitetsu.
It is an extension of the Osaka Line and the Nara Line.
The Hitahikosan Line is a railway line in Japan, operated by Kyushu Railway Company.
It passes through the areas of St. Hanshaugen, Ullevål Hageby and Blindern before reaching Gaustad.
The railway continued to operate under the Natal Railway name until it became part of the Natal Government Railways with effect from 1 January 1877.
It serves the North Shore, Northern Suburbs and parts of the Inner West and Western Suburbs.
During rush hours, the section between Xizhimen and Wudaokou Stations is the second most congested section in the Beijing subway network, operating at 130% capacity.
It is proposed to use the spare capacity of the line as part of a Victoria-Bellingham service, to the south-east of the capital.
The section from Ōmagari to Akita use the Ōu Main Line tracks.
It opened in phases starting on 30 August 2009.
The name Meijō derives itself from the abbreviated kanji form of Nagoya Castle.
The 6.5-mile route passes through town and countryside in the county of Hertfordshire, just outside the boundaries of the Oyster Card and London fare zones.
The line is operated by the Ferrocarrils de la Generalitat de Catalunya.
It was kept as a heritage railway.
Upon its opening on July 20, 2009, it became the newest route of New Jersey Transit rail operations.
The cost of the project is $665 million, jointly funded by the City of Edmonton, Province of Alberta, and the Government of Canada.
It is the oldest line in the METRORail system, and opened on January 1, 2004.
The Galveston Island Trolley is a heritage streetcar in Galveston, Texas, United States.
It is also, along with the rest of the line to Wasserburg Bahnhof, served by regional services of the SüdostBayernBahn.
Recently it has been decided to proceed with a second tunnel.
The Somain to Péruwelz railway was one of the first railways in France.
The York–Bruce Rock railway line is a closed railway line in the wheatbelt region of Western Australia running from York to Bruce Rock.
The line has faced several threats of closure over the years, and has been reduced to single track in many places.
The line will relieve a significant bottleneck in China's transportation network between the North East region and Beijing.
The line was electrified from 1960 to 1964.
It is an extension of the Seibu Ikebukuro Line, and connects Agano Station and Seibu-Chichibu Station.
Passengers can transfer at Newark Broad Street or Summit to reach the other destination.
The Barton line is a railway line in North and North East Lincolnshire, England.
Bus rapid transit is proposed on Ontario Highway 427 as part of Metrolinx's regional transportation for the Greater Toronto and Hamilton Area, The Big Move.
The northern line connects via Sitamarhi and Raxaul.
Its northern terminal, Wassaic, is the northernmost station in the system.
Its symbol is the Statue of Liberty, an homage to the Central Railroad of New Jersey whose logo was also the Statue of Liberty.
The Wilkau-Haßlau–Carlsfeld narrow-gauge railway was the first, steepest and longest of the narrow-gauge railways in Saxony.
Recent rehabilitation projects, supported by official development assistance, have improved the safety and efficiency of the line.
It is also called the Staatslijn I in Dutch.
The Bonalbo branch from Casino was stillborn, with partial construction left incomplete.
The line has a nickname Nishi Kajima Line, while locals often call it Akaden, referring to the color of the EMUs.
It was served by Line 3, which continued through the city center to Trondheim Central Station.
Plans had called for it to be extended south to Pohang, where it would have connected with the Donghae Nambu Line.
Planning of the airport link started in the 1980s.
The name was likely inspired by the success of another train carried partly over L&N rails, the Chicago-Miami South Wind.
In addition, CargoNet operates container trains, branded as the Arctic Rail Express, and SJ operates passenger trains, including a night train to Stockholm.
The Tsurumai Line is a subway line which forms part of the Nagoya Municipal Subway system in Nagoya, Japan.
The Atlantic City line is colored dark blue on New Jersey Transit's system maps, and the line's symbol is a lighthouse.
The line runs from Park Junction in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania northeast to Port Reading Junction in Manville, New Jersey along a former Reading Company line.
It opened in July 1988 and closed in June 2013.
The Pun'gang branch of this line serves the Yongbyon Nuclear Scientific Research Center.
The 65.8 km line passes through the plains of North Bihar.
The line was formerly operated by Ibaraki Kōtsū until 2008.
The section between Kuiqilu and Xilang was completed in 2010 while the route between Xilang and Lijiao will be completed in 2016.
A first section between Luttre and Charleroi was built in 1843 and the complete line, which runs 55,9 km, was opened on June 1, 1874.
The line was put into service on 2012-09-28 between Zhengzhou and Wuhan, a distance of 536 km.
It serviced the Massachusetts communities of Saugus, Malden, Everett, Revere, and Lynn.
The East Suffolk line is an un-electrified secondary railway line running between Ipswich and Lowestoft in Suffolk, England.
The Aberdeen–Inverness line is a railway line in Scotland linking Aberdeen and Inverness.
The Peralam–Karaikal line is a branch line connects Peralam, Tamil Nadu with Karaikal, Puducherry in South India.
Although the Luzhou Line is technically only the section from Daqiaotou to Luzhou, the Xinzhuang Line section is commonly included as part of the Luzhou Line.
The line was originally four different private railway lines, the first of which opened in 1897.
The Rhein-Erft-Express is a Regional-Express service in the German states of North Rhine-Westphalia and Rhineland-Palatinate.
The Tokyo Metro Hibiya Line is a subway line in Tokyo, Japan, owned and operated by the Tokyo subway operator Tokyo Metro.
The Fulda–Hanau railway is a double track and electrified main line in the German state of Hesse.
There were only a few freight trains per day that used the line and no passenger trains.
The Brackwede–Dissen section is part of Deutsche Bahn’s Münster-Ostwestfalen regional network.
Karachi–Peshawar Railway Line is one of four main railway lines in Pakistan, operated and maintained by Pakistan Railways.
Through the FB, the WMB had an indirect metre gauge connection to the Zürich city tram network.
Since 1987 it has been operated by the Central Japan Railway Company, prior to that by Japanese National Railways.
The line opened on 1 July 1999, and is operated by Toscana Mobilità.
It is served by metro trains which run down the Grorud Line and then connect to the Ring Line.
Sanctuary and Rouse Hill opened on 25 September 2007 upon the opening of the Rouse Hill Town Centre development.
The six divisions, managed by Ferrocarriles Argentinos were later broken up during the process of railway privatisation beginning in 1991 during Carlos Menem's presidency.
The Echigo Line is a railway line operated by East Japan Railway Company which connects the cities of Kashiwazaki and Niigata in Niigata Prefecture, Japan.
The Nara Line is a Japanese railway line owned by the Kintetsu Railway.
It is accessible by car and by an infrequent PostBus service.
The terminus at Tokyo Station is located underground, some distance to the south of the main station complex approximately halfway to Yūrakuchō Station.
Construction was by the Doppelmayr Von Roll consortium.
The line is tentatively planned to be completed by 2029.
The RTM assumed current operation of the line upon its establishment on June 1, 2017.
The Medellin tram network uses Translohr vehicles, imported from France.
The Line SB of Taipei Metro is a planned line on the Taipei Metro.
The Zutphen–Glanerbeek railway is a railway line in the Netherlands running from Zutphen to the German border at Glanerbrug, passing through Hengelo and Enschede.
Nong Khai Main Line, located in Khon Kaen Province, Udon Thani Province, Nong Khai Province, Vientiane Prefecture.
The Chester–Manchester line is one of two lines which run between the cities of Chester and Manchester in North West England.
The Thiruvananthapuram–Mangalore high-speed passenger corridor was a proposed high-speed rail corridor in India that would connect the capital city of Kerala, Thiruvananthapuram with Mangalore in Karnataka.
The name refers to the southern part of the ancient province of Musashi, through which the Nambu Line runs.
The Çivril branch was a branch of the Turkish State Railways.
Line 1 is a crosstown north-south trunk route, stretching from Shengxian Lake in the north of town to Century City in southern Chengdu.
The designation FL3 appears only in publicity material, in the official timetables, and on signs at some stations.
The California–Nevada Interstate Maglev project is a proposed 269 mi Maglev train line from Las Vegas, Nevada to Anaheim, California.
The North Auckland Line is currently under review as part of KiwiRail's turnaround plan.
Until 2002 InterRegio trains operated the connection to Düsseldorf, Norddeich, and Münster.
It was used by Fyra until the cancellation of the service.
It is a subsidiary of Phividec Railways Inc. of the Philippine Veterans Investment Development Corporation.
The railway from Piraeus to Platy is a 471-kilometre long railway line that connects the Attica conurbation to northern Greece and the rest of Europe.
The line was opened in 1892 and electrified in 1924.
It is also one of the major routes for freight traffic to Eastern Europe.
The delays were attributed to a variety of problems, mostly involving the 170-foot-long incline elevators that were custom-designed for the new station.
By 2004, the Trolley had become "one of Astoria's most popular features" and "a main attraction in the city of Astoria".
All platforms on the line are island platforms, and have platform screen doors separating the platform from the tracks.
It is an important freight route and is used by the Richmond to Stratford service of the London Overground, as part of the National Rail network.
The Central Line is a 358-kilometre long railway line between Sundsvall and Storlien in central Sweden.
The Gribskov Line or the Gribskov Railway is a local passenger railway line in North Zealand north of Copenhagen, Denmark.
The line was built at an estimated cost of SAR 20 billion.
The Meckesheim–Neckarelz railway is a branch line in northern Baden between Meckesheim and Aglasterhausen that used to run to Neckarelz.
The line's history is closely tied to that of lines 7, 8, and 13.
In 2009, the Bennett Brook Railway celebrated its 25th year of operation.
The railway opened in 1864 as part of the North Line between Copenhagen and Helsingør by way of Hillerød.
The Draft Environmental Impact Report was completed in September 2010 and selection of a preferred alternative was completed in late October 2010.
The start of World War I was the initial reason for the construction of the railway.
Today the line enables a faster link between the French TGV network and Geneva, giving a Paris to Geneva journey time of just over three hours.
The line is one of four lines in the Trolley system, the others include the Blue, Orange, and Green lines.
The Kirkby branch line is a railway line in England, running from Wigan in Greater Manchester to Kirkby in Merseyside.
The line started operating on 1 July 2015.
Line 7 of the Guangzhou Metro or Panyu Line runs across Panyu District.
The Higashiyama Line's color on maps is Windsor yellow; its stations carry the letter "H" followed by a number.
From 1909 the Alna Line has been used for freight trains from Bergen, and the line was electrified in 1961.
The southern end of the route was subsequently electrified by the L&YR in stages between 1906 and 1913.
These cars became the symbol of the Shipyard Railway.
In addition to the Gyeonggang Line, a railway line from Bubal to Mungyeong, called the Central Inland Line, is being constructed.
The Nuremberg–Roth railway is a 25.5 km long main line railway in the German state of Bavaria, running from Nuremberg via Schwabach to Roth.
The Reichenbachfall Funicular is a funicular in the Bernese Oberland region of the Swiss canton of Berne.
The Essen-Hügel station was built on a steep slope at the instigation of the Krupp family next to the Villa Hügel.
The new route would then join and substitute the Island Line from Fortress Hill Station to Chai Wan terminus.
The Shimizukō Line was a Japanese railway line in Shimizu-ku, Shizuoka, operated by Japanese National Railways.
This line covers entire Districts of Malabar region in Kerala and terminate at Dakshina Kannada District of Karnataka after crossing the Nethravathi River.
Sognsvann serves the Norwegian School of Sport Sciences and the recreational area Nordmarka.
The line connects the North Frisian town of Husum with all the important parts of the Eiderstedt peninsula, including Tönning, Garding and Sankt Peter-Ording.
This name was the result of a public competition.
Line 2, also known as Shekou Line(蛇口线; 蛇口線; Shékǒu xiàn; Se4 Hau2 Sin3), of the Shenzhen Metro runs eastward from Chiwan to Xinxiu.
It is expected to cost ₹4,163 crore.
Münden railway is a 218 km long main line operated by the Deutsche Bahn in Germany, which links Halle in Saxony-Anhalt with Hann.
Installation of the tracks along the route began in May.
For these reasons, it has undergone many changes and enhancements over time.
Passengers can reach New York via the Northeast Corridor Line at Newark, or PATH at Newark or Hoboken.
Some rolling stock from the line still exists.
Parts of the original line still exist.
Prominent Hazleton banker and coal-mine owner Alvan Markle obtained a railway-company charter in 1892 and the Wilkes-Barre & Hazleton Railroad incorporated in New Jersey in 1899.
In 1934 the line was shut to make way for the Santacruz Airport.
Sydney Trains operates electric passenger train services over the line as part of its Eastern Suburbs & Illawarra Line.
Once completed, it will be China's 3rd commercial maglev train in operation.
The northernmost section, in Vermont, has been upgraded to continuously welded rail via a $50 million ARRA grant.
The Chile - Bolivia border is crossed between the stations of Visviri and Charaña.
The Bowling Green–South Ferry shuttle was a service of the New York City Subway system that operated between Bowling Green and the South Ferry inner loop.
Its route bullet is colored dark gray on route signs, station signs, and rolling stock with the letter "S" on the official subway map.
New three-car 7000 series EMUs were introduced in December 2007, with a total of 19 sets delivered by 2011.
In terms of total passengers, the Central line is the busiest line on the London Underground.
Passenger services form the Essex Thameside franchise that is currently operated by train operating company c2c.
A thrice-weekly passenger train, the Karaelmas Express, ran from Ankara to Zonguldak but was discontinued on 1 January 2010.
It was converted to standard gauge in 1872.
It has functioned as an alternative line for the Paris–Marseille railway between Paris and Lyon.
The Green Line is a rapid transit line on the Chicago Transit Authority's "L" system.
The Xiamen–Shenzhen Railway is a dual-track, electrified, high-speed rail line on the southern coast of China.
It is also known as the Staatslijn "B".
It is part of the Network Rail Route 12.
From downtown Pittsburgh, at the west end of the Pittsburgh Line, west to the junction with CSX's Greenwich Subdivision at Crestline, Ohio, NS owns the line.
Belfast to Dublin main line - This runs from Dublin Connolly to Belfast Central.
The track from Kamiiida to Ajima is mostly underground, a continuation of the Kamiiida Line operated by the Nagoya Municipal Subway.
Line starts at Guiyang North Station, travelling 62 km north-east to Kaiyang Station.
The line began construction in 2017 and is planned to open by 2024.
The main line through Crewe forms part of Route 18.
Parts of the line through Bogstadveien is also served by Line 11.
Direct passenger trains run from Brig to Paris and Brussels and Luxembourg via Basel.
The Neihu Section began revenue service on July 4, 2009.
The line runs from the southern to the north-eastern neighborhoods passing through the city centre, serving the north-eastern metropolitan area with two different branches.
The line is built, owned and maintained by the Norwegian National Rail Administration.
Like all but one of the other Milan suburban railway service routes, it is operated by Trenord.
This BRT line would be established in two separate segments.
Total journey time between the two terminii is 40 minutes.
However, the route continued to be operational till the Indo-Pakistani War of 1965.
Today it is a double track electrified main line and part of the North Main Railway from Frankfurt am Main to Hanau.
It runs on two parallel pairs of tracks laid in the same lanes used by car traffic.
The Santhià–Biella railway is a railway line in Italy.
This brand is distinct from the longer distance InterCity brand, and Dublin's higher frequency DART brand.
As of December 2016 passenger services on the Mayflower line are operated by Greater Anglia, which also manages all of the stations.
The trains used are air-conditioned electric multiple units.
The Blue Line was previously called the East-West Line until MARTA switched to a color-based naming system in October 2009.
Further, this section intersects Vijayawada–Nidadavolu loop line at Gudivada.
There are four trains, each of two cars.
It used to be a short link line from Leipzig Hauptbahnhof to Connewitz station, where it connects with the main line from Leipzig to Hof.
The route operates through the regions of Sarajevo Canton, Herzegovina-Neretva Canton and Dubrovnik-Neretva County.
Higashi-Nemuro is the most easterly situated station on the Japanese rail system.
The 19.6-kilometre long line was opened in July 1879 by the Hessian Ludwig Railway.
The route was constructed piecemeal by independent companies, in most cases supported by the LSWR.
The Central Northern Railway was the first 1,000 mm railway built by the Argentine State Railway.
The name derives from the fact that all six lines of the metro use the tunnel, which runs from Majorstuen to Tøyen.
It runs between Tamagawa and Kamata in southwest Tokyo, entirely within Ōta ward.
It is operated by the West Japan Railway Company.
It extends Line 1 further east from Sihui to the suburbs in Tongzhou District.
Construction began in March 2015 and was completed in late 2016.
It is now served by a train that continues from Rheda-Wiedenbrück to Bielefeld.
The Airdrie–Bathgate rail link is a railway in central Scotland.
Over its entire course the line rises from an altitude of 278 m in Freiburg to 885 m in Hinterzarten.
However, following Liu Zhijun's dismissal in February 2011, several major changes were announced.
Currently the West Rail Line only provides a local service at three-minute peak headway, resembling a metro more than a commuter railway.
Since the 1980s there have been plans to upgrade the line to high speed.
It was a prominent corporation and industry leader using the single-letter symbol B on the New York Stock Exchange.
The line runs along the western edge of the forest of Hardtwald, from which it takes its name.
There are 22 stations on the Zamoskvoretskaya line, and it spans 39.8 kilometres, roughly crossing Moscow in a north-south direction.
The southern interconnect between the Northampton loop and the direct London–Birmingham main line is at Hanslope Junction, just north of Milton Keynes.
Passenger capacity of the line is 36,000 passengers/hour/direction.
It was operated by the Società Tram Elettrici Mendrisiensi SA.
The incline suspended operations without warning on 13 September 1895, to the consternation of many of the hill's residents.
The Ube Line is a railway line in Yamaguchi Prefecture, Japan, operated by the West Japan Railway Company.
The line was extended to reach Florida station on February 24, 2017 along with the opening of the R line.
The old magnetic strip reading machines were weather sensitive and could not be placed out in the elements like at the Hiawatha Line light rail stations.
The line is under the administrative jurisdiction of Northern Railway.
The Arras–Dunkirk railway is a French railway which runs from Arras to Dunkirk.
Level crossings are also located at Duke Street and Wallasey Bridge Road.
With 40,000 daily riders, the Grorud Line is the busiest branch of the metro.
The San Bernardino Line is a Metrolink line running between Downtown Los Angeles east through the San Gabriel Valley and the Inland Empire to San Bernardino.
The line is operated by the West Japan Railway Company and serves as a connector between the Sanyo Main Line and the Sanin Main Line.
It is the world's largest Children's Railway.
The Viersen–Venlo railway is a railway line running from Viersen in Germany to Venlo in the Netherlands.
Construction of Phase I is due to begin in late 2017 and due to operational in 2022.
From the state line to New Haven, the right-of-way is owned by the Connecticut Department of Transportation.
Direct services from Okayama now operate with the completion of the Great Seto Bridge system, over which the Honshi-Bisan Line travels.
It runs from Dresden via Freiberg, Chemnitz and Zwickau to Werdau wye, where it joins the Leipzig-Hof railway.
This is the only railway line Enshū Railway operates.
Construction is expected to finish in 2018, and the line will be 49.5 kilometers long.
The section to Backnang is double track and the remaining line to Schwäbisch Hall-Hessental is single track.
The line, which is underground throughout its entire route, contains 23 stations.
No longer part of a through route, Incline No.
The line has been upgraded several times to increase the axle load.
It links London and Birmingham, the United Kingdom's two largest cities, by a 112-mile route via High Wycombe, Banbury, and Leamington Spa.
The Portet-Saint-Simon - Puigcerdà railway is a secondary railway line in southwestern France.
Line 2 has aboveground sections north of Asiad Stadium and east of Namdong-gu Office.
The Breckland line is a secondary railway line in the east of England that links Cambridge in the west to Norwich in the east.
With an expected journey time of two and a half hours from Harbin to Jiamusi.
The line runs between Meguro in Shinagawa and Akabane-Iwabuchi in Kita.
Line expansion to Cikarang is currently ongoing and expected to complete in 2017.
San Pedro via Dominguez was a 25-mile light rail transport route, part of the Pacific Electric system in Los Angeles, United States.
The line entered into operation on 20 May 2013.
It was completed in 1921 with the section from Lugo to Faenza.
The S-Bahn lines S1, S2 and S3 of the Hamburger Verkehrsverbund run through the tunnel.
The Nippori-Toneri Liner is an automated guideway transit system between Nippori Station in Arakawa and Minumadai-shinsuikōen Station in Adachi, Tokyo, Japan.
All the stations accept manaca, a rechargeable contactless smart card.
By 1993, the western end had been upgraded to metro standard, Valkyrie plass was closed, and the first trains ran through the whole tunnel.
It was the first railway link between the states of Württemberg and Baden in Germany and one of the oldest lines in Germany.
It is one of the two light rail tram lines operated by Euskotren Tranbia in the Basque Country, the other one being Vitoria-Gasteiz's tram.
The Belgian railway line 125 is a railway line in Belgium connecting Liège and Namur.
The assets and operations of the CRT were assumed by the newly established Chicago Transit Authority on October 1, 1947.
The line closed on 31 May 1969.
There wasn't any passenger service on the line from that time until November 2009 when the Northstar commuter rail line began operation.
The Ikawa Line of the Ōigawa Railway is the only rack-and-pinion railway currently operating in Japan.
Railmotors and a GWR diesel railcar were used on the line.
In 2005, it had to be temporarily closed because of the deterioration of the infrastructure on some sections.
The section from Nocera Inferiore to Codola was completed in 1882.
It also had track connections with two other metre gauge rural lines, the Wetzikon-Meilen-Bahn, at Langholz, and the Forchbahn, at Esslingen.
It extended from a junction at Roseworthy on the Morgan railway line through Hamley Bridge, Riverton, initially to Tarlee, then extended in stages to Peterborough.
The line is the first segment of the Kharkiv Metro system, in operation since 1975.
It lost most of its freight traffic – apart from anthracite coal – in 1952, and even the anthracite ceased from 18 October 1988.
The Nishitetsu Amagi Line is a Japanese railway line operated by the private railway operator Nishi-Nippon Railroad, which connects Kurume and Asakura in Fukuoka Prefecture.
The subway is notable for having the longest railway platform in North America, shared by all stations from Lake Street to Jackson Street.
A landmark was the 180 m long and 35 m tall Greifenbach viaduct between Ehrenfriedersdorf and Geyer.
Today, the southern portion now forms a part of the Wairio Branch and the northernmost 14 kilometres was used by the Kingston Flyer.
There are 8 stations along this line.
The Fourth Avenue Line is a rapid transit line of the BMT Division of the New York City Subway, mainly running under Fourth Avenue in Brooklyn.
The Changi Airport Skytrain operates from 0500 to 0230 daily.
The northern section of the Trans-Dublin operates between Dublin Connolly and Howth Junction, where it branches off.
The Sonnenberg Funicular, also known as the Standseilbahn Kriens–Sonnenberg or Sonnenbergbahn, is a funicular railway near the city of Lucerne in the Swiss canton of Lucerne.
The Pļaviņas–Gulbene Railway is a 98 kilometres long, 1,524 mm gauge railway built in the 20th century to connect Pļaviņas and Valka.
The Lugano–Cadro–Dino railway was a Swiss metre gauge suburban railway that linked the towns of Lugano, Cadro and Dino, in the canton of Ticino.
The Jane LRT is still included in Metrolinx's regional transportation plan The Big Move under the 15-year horizon.
Because of very muddy road conditions, deliveries to the oil fields were delayed.
Along with the Mount Cuthbert and Dobbyn Branch Railways, they were essentially built to tap large deposits of copper discovered in the Cloncurry region.
Rush hour services provide two morning services and one evening service non-stop between Surbiton and Waterloo.
Line 11 of the Guangzhou Metro is a rapid transit rail line under construction in Guangzhou.
The latter had been proposed to run through Horten, but instead a branch line was chosen.
The line opened by Oslo Sporveier on 25 September 1934 as an extension of the Grünerløkka–Torshov Line that terminated at Storo.
The original Lehigh Line was built by the Lehigh Valley Railroad and opened in 1855 in the Lehigh Valley.
It is owned by the LIRR but operated under lease by the New York and Atlantic Railway, which took over LIRR freight operations in May 1997.
It is a single 1,676 mm broad gauge track from Silchar in Cachar District of Assam state to Agartala in West Tripura district of Tripura state.
The S29 is a regional railway line of the Zürich S-Bahn on the ZVV, in the cantons of Zürich and Schaffhausen.
The June 2007 timetable shows a 70 mph maximum allowed speed for passenger trains.
The line was technically completed in October 2007; however, it did not come into operation until 14 June 2009, when ICE trains began service.
Phase II is expected to be completed by 2015.
The Orange Line is a bus rapid transit line in the Metro Busway network in Los Angeles County, California.
The west extension is expected to be operational in 2020.
Its main function is to provide access to Osaka, but this requires a transfer except during commute hours.
The Knoxville Incline was a broad gauge inclined railway that ran between Pittsburgh's South Side and Allentown neighborhoods.
The timing of the final commissioning of the upgraded section is still uncertain.
The section to Rotowaro was renamed from Rotowaro Industrial Line to Rotowaro Branch in 2011.
The section east of Queen and Coxwell is also served by the 22A Coxwell bus, which provides evening and weekend service.
The Upper Ruhr Valley Railway is a 138-kilometre-long, non-electrified line from Schwerte station) through the Hochsauerland to Warburg in the German state of North Rhine-Westphalia.
Service is currently provided on Mondays to Fridays only.
Its name refers to the fact that it follows the course of the Llobregat and Anoia rivers for most of its length.
The section between Salzburg and Schwarzach-Sankt Veit is part of the Salzburg S-Bahn urban railway network.
The Tide is a 7.4 mi light rail line in Norfolk, Virginia, connecting Eastern Virginia Medical School, Downtown Norfolk, Norfolk State University, and Newtown Road.
It is currently only used for freight.
West Coast Line or Main Line is a railway line of the Taiwan Railway Administration running along Taiwan's densely populated western corridor.
As of 2015, it is among the system's busiest lines, with a weekday ridership of over 460,000 people.
The rump of the line survived until 13 May 1950, when it was replaced by a bus service operated by the Verkehrsbetriebe Zürichsee und Oberland.
It constitutes the northernmost part of Den Østjyske Længdebane, the through route through the Jutland Peninsula from Padborg to Frederikshavn.
It is the longest line on the Citytrain network.
Line 11 is a northwest-southeast line of the Shanghai Metro network.
Lokaltog runs frequent light trains that connect to the S-train system at Jægersborg.
The first segment is due to open after 2017, with the project being fully completed by 2030.
From Limerick to Limerick Junction, the line is shared with Dublin-Limerick direct services.
It not only runs through Delhi, but also offers its services to parts of Haryana and Uttar Pradesh like Rewari, Faridabad, Ghaziabad and many others.
It is linked with the Mexico City Light Rail to Xochimilco at the Tasqueña terminal.
Due to this limited capacity the wait at the entry station can be several hours.
The Blackwater Coal Chain services 15 mines, operated by BMA, Xstrata, Rio Tinto, Curragh, Ensham, Felix, and Jellinbah.
Although the Austrian section of the line is maintained by the Austrian Federal Railways, all train services are operated by Deutsche Bahn.
The Green Line Rivalry between Boston College and Boston University is named in reference to the "B" Branch, which runs to both universities.
The Brighton Main Line is a British railway line divided in the north into two sections running from London Victoria and London Bridge to Brighton.
All passenger transport was terminated in 1968.
The part between Gisors and Serqueux was closed from 2009 to 2013, and the part between Serqueux and Arques-la-Bataille has been demolished.
It serves stations between its namesake town, Warminster, and Center City, Philadelphia.
It is connected to Line U2 and Line U4 at Karlsplatz, Line U3 at Stephansplatz, Line U4 at Schwedenplatz and Line U2 at Praterstern.
The line was known as the Granvin Line until February 1936.
The KL Monorail Line is the eighth rail transit line and the only operational monorail system in Malaysia.
The Gyeongui–Jungang Line is a commuter rail service of the Seoul Metropolitan Subway system, operating on trackage from the Gyeongui Line and the Jungang Line.
Line 10 is a line of the Companhia Paulista de Trens Metropolitanos commuter rail system in São Paulo, Brazil.
The Feucht–Altdorf railway is a single-track main-line railway running through Middle Franconia in the German state of Bavaria.
The minimum speed on the Munich-Ingolstadt section should then be 160 km/h, with 190 km/h in the middle and 200 km/h in the southern section.
Local services over the route had previously ended in the early 1960s, though it remained open thereafter for Fort William/Mallaig & Oban trains and freight traffic.
The line opened its first section in 1977.
The South Shore Line is a proposed rapid transit line for the Société de transport de Montréal network in Montreal, Quebec.
The Lötschberg axis is backed by the lower and longer Lötschberg Base Tunnel, part of the New Railway Links through the Alps project.
In 2004, the Trans-Harbour line was opened to the public.
The 55 km-long section from Cologne via Neuss to Krefeld is electrified and continuously multi-track.
The Jüterbog–Falkenberg section consists of a single track; the Falkenberg–Riesa section has two tracks.
The Réseau électrique métropolitain is a planned Rapid transit system for the Greater Montreal area around Montreal, Quebec, Canada.
Approved by the Executive Council of Hong Kong in 2007, the line commenced service on 28 December 2016.
As of 29 June 2013, all construction on the Line O has been completed.
The K Ingleside is a Muni Metro line in San Francisco, California, mainly serving the West Portal and Ingleside neighborhoods.
Continuing west, it passes Queen's Park subway station as it makes its way to the end of College Street at Dundas Street West.
The coastal railway line starts as a branch line from Ernakulam Junction railway station towards Alappuzha and joins with the route via Kottayam at Kayamkulam Junction.
The first segment of the line, the Ürümqi-Qumul part, was inaugurated on November 16, 2014.
The Chili Line, officially known as the Santa Fe Branch, was a 3 ft narrow gauge branch of the Denver and Rio Grande Western Railroad.
The Bathinda–Rewari line is a railway line connecting Bathinda in the Indian state of the Punjab and Rewari in Haryana.
Stops on the line included Norwich, Norwich State Hospital, Poquetanuck, Hallville, North Stonington, and Westerly.
First, trains would be slowed to a maximum speed of 300 km/h, reducing operating costs.
It is one of only two rapid transit lines in the SEPTA system overall alongside the Market–Frankford Line.
This line was in use until 1970, when it was abandoned.
It is part of the CRH's system of passenger dedicated lines, connecting Qingdao Station and Taiyuan South Station.
The three segments had their hub in Thum.
The train carried number 13 northbound and number 14 southbound.
The line operates as a commuter service to London.
In 2004, the city started to change all station signs.
The Arlanda Line branches from the East Coast Line at Rosersberg and rejoins again at Myrbacken.
The Deister Railway is a railway line in the German state of Lower Saxony between Weetzen and Haste.
There are fast and slow locals here for suburban service.
However, service on the entire line was stopped for several months in 2003 following the Daegu subway fire.
The A-Line is a planned rapid transit line running along James Street in downtown and Upper James Street on the escarpment in Hamilton, Ontario.
The Jeolla Line is a railway line in North and South Jeolla Provinces in South Korea.
Its official name is Rapid Electric Tramway Line No.
The Takehana Line is a Japanese railway line connecting Kasamatsu with Hashima within Gifu Prefecture.
This lower station is at an altitude of 1,240 m and accessible by road.
It then divides at Abercynon with separate branches to Merthyr and Aberdare up diverging valleys.
In July 2016, a Toronto Star article said the Sheppard LRT has been deferred indefinitely.
Until 1862, when the railway bridge over the Rhine river constructed and assembled by MAN-Werk Gustavsburg was finished, a train ferry operated on the river.
In 1846 it was extended to Magdeburg.
The North Berwick Line is a railway line linking Edinburgh with North Berwick in Scotland.
The Yamada Line, Toba Line, and Shima Line form a single train line that begins at Ise-Nakagawa Station and serves the Ise-Shima tourist region.
In 2011, the average weekday ridership was 5,161 passengers.
The LRT-4 project will cost an estimated PHP50.2 billion or US$1.1 billion.
In 1982, it expanded north to Arts Center, and in 1984, expanded as far north as Brookhaven and as far south as Lakewood/Fort McPherson.
It was not initially a financial success, only recovering under the leadership of Sam Fay.
It was opened between 1884 and 1887.
The line sees about 35 trains a day, mostly trains running from Northern New Jersey and Allentown, Pennsylvania to points west.
Unlike lines 1 to 3 of Busan Subway the trains are driverless and run with pneumatic tires on concrete track between two guide bars.
The branch route connects central Dalian with Jinzhou with fourteen stations from south to north.
The first part from Botanical Garden to Kalkaji Mandir is to be opened after October 2017, although many previously-set deadlines have passed.
At first it was built to Munkvoll, but extended to Ugla in 1925, and to Lian in 1933.
Today, passenger services on the 64.5 km-long Hamburg Eidelstedt–Neumünster section are operated by AKN.
Also formerly PSC between Polegate and Stone Cross Junctions.
The Government announced in November 2011 that this route would be electrified, and electrification is currently scheduled to be completed by 2022.
The Chesham branch is a short single-track railway branch line in Buckinghamshire, England.
Delivered in 1981-82, they resemble ones used on the suburban trolley routes.
The line runs parallel to the Central Railway line till just before Sandhurst Road station where the line turns eastward and runs elevated up till Sewri.
The Kozani–Amyntaio line was under renovation between 2003 - 2007.
In the following decades, NSB introduced El 12 and El 15 locomotives.
It has 22 stations and 20.7 km of track.
This is the only line operated by the company, although it also operates a few bus lines.
The Henley Beach railway line is a defunct railway in western Adelaide.
The third sector company was founded in 1970.
There were initially 16 stations, but only seven stations now remain in operation.
Ferries connect the Jetée de Bélisaire with the resort town of Arcachon on the other side of Arcachon Bay.
The original line ran from the Delta Center Station to the Stadium Station, which is west of the Rice-Eccles Stadium on the University of Utah campus.
The Aonami Line is a third-sector railway line in the city of Nagoya operated by the Nagoya Rinkai Rapid Transit.
It runs under such streets as Lima Sur, Bernardo de Irigoyen, Carlos Pellegrini, Esmeralda, la Plaza San Martín and Avenida Ramos Mejia.
First commercial electric-powered trains ran on November 1, 2006.
It will have a branch line from Changxing Island to Hengsha Island.
As of 2017, "B" Branch service terminates at Park Street.
The line is operated by the Oberelbische Verkehrsgesellschaft Pirna Sebnitz mbH, which translates to the Upper Elbe Public Transport Company Pirna Sebnitz Ltd.
The Matterhorn Gotthard Bahn is a narrow gauge railway in Switzerland.
This prompted rail groups, enthusiasts, local authorities and residents along the route to fight a successful campaign to save the railway.
The Swakopmund–Windhoek line was a main 600 mm narrow-gauge railway line in Namibia.
The line then continued a further 7 miles to Dungiven.
Most trains use the latter; the two stations on that part of the main line are served only during rush hour and during weekend express operations.
The Western branch, crossing Dijon, joining the LGV Sud-Est near Montbard and making the line a connection between Dijon and Paris
It is the fourth-most used regional express line in the VRR network with approximately 48,000 passengers a day.
To increase capacity and improve travel times, plans were announced in 2015 for the construction of a new dedicated passenger service only Fuzhou-Zhangzhou line.
The Norwegian National Rail Administration plans to have electrified and installed centralized traffic control by 2023.
Ridership numbers did climb after opening, reaching just under 8,000 people per day as of March 2008.
Changchun–Jilin Intercity Railway is a high-speed rail line in Jilin Province, China, which opened for service on January 11, 2011.
There are 25 inbound and 24 outbound departures each weekday.
New Jersey Transit cited the project in its 2016 Capital Improvement Program without any specific allocation.
According to the Tokyo urban transportation plan, however, it is more complicated.
Line 16 of the Beijing Subway is a rapid transit rail line in Beijing.
Two years later the AGW was taken over on a lease by the BA&P who at the same time took over the working of the Transandine.
The origins of the line date from 1863, when a privately owned railway from Barcelona to the then-separated town of Sarrià was opened.
The railway's first steam locomotive, the 0-4-0WT Natal, started operations on 26 June 1860.
Passenger services were withdrawn on 1 April 1913, when the Frankfurt-Hanau railway was linked to Frankfurt South station from the East station via the Deutschherrnbrücke bridge.
The route is operated by Abellio ScotRail.
Svendborgbanen is the Danish railway line between Odense and Svendborg.
6, and in MLIT publications, it is written as Line No.
Until 2000, some trains operated direct from Kumamoto to Miyazaki via the Yatsushiro to Yoshimatsu section of the line.
It is notorious for the steep hill Brynsbakken which it has to climb, giving it a gradient of 2.6 percent.
The Tauern Railway is an Austrian railway line between Schwarzach-Sankt Veit in the state of Salzburg and Spittal an der Drau in Carinthia.
From Yeongju, it crosses the Taebaek Mountains and reaches the Sea of Japan at Donghae, thence proceeding north to Gangneung.
Metrocards can be used for travel between Huddersfield and Denby Dale and intermediate stations.
The Caterham line runs between Purley in South London and Caterham in Surrey.
It runs from Cornwall via Bristol, Birmingham, Sheffield and Leeds and the north east to Scotland.
It connects Noheji Station and Ōminato Station on the Shimokita Peninsula in eastern Aomori Prefecture.
The route covered by the service was historically part of the Midland Railway.
A small portion of the line from Islampur to Natesar is still to be opened for use.
Dandong–Dalian Intercity Railway is a Chinese high-speed railway within Liaoning Province, connecting the coastal cities of Dandong and Dalian.
It was built to transport pyrites from the mines at Løkken Verk to the port at Thamshavn, as well as passengers.
The Hoeryŏng T'an'gwang Line is a non-electrified standard-gauge freight-only secondary line of the North Korean State Railway running from Hoeryŏng on the Hambuk Line to Yusŏn.
The Munich–Augsburg line connects Munich and Augsburg in the German state of Bavaria.
The Port Hedland–Marble Bar railway was a railway in the Pilbara region of Western Australia, running into the hinterland from the north-west coast.
The contract for heavy construction on the project was signed on July 9, 2014; the official groundbreaking for heavy construction was held on September 30, 2014.
It is a modern, high speed rubber tired tram system, both first in China & Asia.
The fleet of 29 Class 395 passenger trains reach speeds of 225 kilometres per hour.
The length of first phase is 26.557 km, among them, 6.57 km is elevated, 19.146 km is underground and 0.67 km is open wide.
The Akhaura–Kulaura–Chhatak line is a railway line connecting Akhaura and Chhatak, via Kulaura in Bangladesh.
Tramway line T2 is a tramway in Île-de-France.
The line is colored aqua on system maps.
Because of this, the Chikutetsu Line only uses tram vehicles.
Like other Fukuoka City Subway lines, stations are equipped with automatic platform gates, and trains are automatically operated by ATO system.
The remaining long-distance services ended In 2006.
Of these, 39 run on the main line.
It is a popular mode of transportation for commuters working in Kuala Lumpur, as they can travel to the city without the hassle of traffic congestion.
On January 1, 2017 Line 3 carried a peak ridership of 919,000 people.
The final phase, which connects Shenzhen-Futian to Hong Kong, is under construction and planned to be completed by third quarter of 2018.
The line is one of the components of the Klang Valley Integrated Transit System.
Today it is part of a connection between the Central Germany and Poland.
The Lehigh Line is a railroad line in central New Jersey and northeastern Pennsylvania.
It opened to Røkland Station in 1955, to Fauske Station in 1958 and to Bodø Station on 1 February 1962.
The railroad also has a 7-mile branch line that runs from Ray Junction to Ray, Arizona.
AirTrain JFK is a 3-line, 8.1-mile-long people mover system and elevated railway in New York City providing a 24/7 service to John F. Kennedy International Airport.
Although the new subway was not built, the elevated lines were demolished in 1942 and 1955, respectively.
Because all trains on the Hachiōji Line offer direct service to Asunarou Yokkaichi via the Utsube Line, the two lines are collectively called the Utsube-Hachiōji Line.
Construction started in 1956 and ended in 1959.
The cars were again replaced in 1957.
The London Underground Bakerloo line shares the track of the line from Queen's Park to Harrow & Wealdstone.
It is operated by the Nederlandse Spoorwegen.
The only station is referred to as Vatican City.
The rest of the route operates on track owned and dispatched by the Canadian National Railway.
The Trillium Line is a diesel light-rail transit service in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada operated by OC Transpo.
The Heimbach–Baumholder Railway was opened in 1912.
The Madrid–León high-speed rail line was inaugurated on 29 September 2015.
The Tōbu Utsunomiya Line is a 24.3-kilometre railway line in Tochigi Prefecture, Japan, owned and operated by the private railway operator Tobu Railway.
In the 1970s, the line was incorporated into line 13.
Between 2006 and 2016, passenger transport on the line was exploited by Veolia.
The route operates over the infrastructure of the Florence–Rome railway, the Pisa–Livorno–Rome railway and the Rome–Fiumicino railway.
The Gyermekvasút or Line 7 is a narrow gauge railway line in Budapest, which connects Széchényi-hegy and Hűvösvölgy and is 11.2 kilometres long.
The Bradford & Foster Brook Railway was one of, if not the first, monorails in America.
The Madison Avenue Line is a line of the Memphis Area Transit Authority trolley system.
for passengers traveling toward Yichang, Chongqing or Chengdu.
The route taken by passenger trains has changed over the years and now differs considerably from the original.
It has been under construction since October 2008.
Since its opening in 1969, it has been the busiest commuter rail line and busiest TCDD service in Turkey.
It is planned in Phase 2 that Line 1 will be extended to Changbei Airport to the northwest and Maqiu to the east.
The Western Railway in Württemberg was opened in 1853 and ran from Bietigheim-Bissingen to Bruchsal.
The ECMT now runs between Hamilton and Kawerau, with a branch line to Taneatua from the junction at Hawkens.
It survives as two separate but connected pieces of railroad.
The line is single-track with passing loops at, for example, Mont-Louis and Fontpédrouse-Saint-Thomas-les-Bains.
The line connects with the Toba Line at Ujiyamada Station.
Beijing Underground Cross City Railway is a short high-speed rail connection in the Chinese capital city of Beijing.
It further shares track with the Lambertseter Line along the 2.5-kilometer section from Tøyen to Brynseng.
It opened on April 8, 1908, and closed on October 6, 1957.
Southern Line services travel on it between Westfield Junction and Newmarket Station.
It is one of the trunk lines operated by the Hokkaido Railway Company.
The $150 million project included adding nine miles of double track, an extension to Wachusett, rebuilding two stations, and building a new layover yard.
However, the Pheu Thai candidate did not win the election and the Gold Line was dropped.
The Welsh Assembly Government announced their commitment to the project in 2002, as part of a package of measures to help the former steel communities.
The Taichung Line, also known as the Mountain Line, is a line of the Taiwan Railway Administration.
It was built and operated by the Los Angeles Pacific Railroad.
In 2012, ridership reached a ten-year high, with the system having carried 10,612,897 passengers, but dipped to 10,007,256 in 2014.
The line opened as the Smaalenene Line on 2 January 1879.
Fornebu closed in 1998 and the area was to enter into a period of redevelopment.
Zamoskvoretskaya Line, formerly Gorkovsko-Zamoskvoretskaya, is a line of the Moscow Metro.
In the early 1930s, the line was rebuilt to double track and a branch, the Simensbråten Line, was built.
Between Morrisville and Earnest, the Trenton Cutoff has active freight service.
The now-closed branch line to Lakeside used to diverge here.
If built, Bottineau LRT would be the next light rail line in the Twin Cities after the Southwest LRT.
From there, the line turns south and continues into Southeast Portland.
The section of line from Siegburg to Overath and from Dieringhausen to Olpe are closed.
The project is being implemented by the Los Angeles County Metropolitan Transportation Authority.
The line has the current timetable number of 891.7 and is an important German railway line.
Construction for Phase 3's extension northwards to Sinsa Station is planned in 2016, with opening slated for 2022.
Trains are remotely controlled from the Operations Control Centre in Tsing Yi.
It commenced full operations on December 12, 2000; using the Japanese calendar this reads "12/12/12" as the year 2000 equals Heisei 12.
Corridor preservation for the WSFL is also considered a priority under the State Infrastructure Strategy.
The 5.6 kilometres line was opened on December 27, 2003.
The Doncaster–Lincoln line is a railway line in England.
The line was upgraded to rapid transit in 1995, became part of the metro and started running through the city center.
The Lake Constance Belt Railway is a continuous, single-track railway from Stahringen to Lindau-Aeschach in the German states of Baden-Württemberg and Bavaria.
The Liverpool, Ormskirk & Preston Railway in north-west England was formed in 1846.
The steel railway lines are still intact never being raised.
The line originally single track, constructed with 36-pound rails.
The Hanwa Line is a commuter rail line in the Osaka-Kobe-Kyoto Metropolitan Area, owned and operated by West Japan Railway Company.
Station numbers are indicated by the letter "K".
The Busan–Gimhae Light Rail Transit is a light metro system between the cities of Busan and Gimhae in South Korea.
In addition the starting point has been relocated to Xinghuo in Chaoyang district of Beijing.
Much of the line is built for speeds higher than the 79 mph allowed on many U.S. tracks.
This line entered operation on May 28, 2010.
It was served by TransAdelaide suburban services from Adelaide.
Line 3 is the longest line, its color is olive green and it runs from north to south of the city covering almost all of it.
Best had his own locomotives, and Bradford Corporation equipped the public railway with second hand locomotives and carriages from the Metropolitan Railway.
Jakarta Kota–Bogor line is the busiest line in the Commuter Line system.
The extension is to include five new stations and is planned to be operational by 2020.
The Bologna–Ancona railway is a railway line in Italy.
The Meitetsu Monkey Park Monorail Line was a monorail in Inuyama, Aichi that connected the Japan Monkey Park to Inuyama-yūen Station, operated by Nagoya Railroad.
The sharp curves have long hindered high speed operation, contrasting to the Hankyu's other main lines, Kobe and Kyoto.
The same society runs a museum, including two further freight cars from the line, at Engi-Vorderdorf.
The 30th Street trolley station is across the street from the 30th Street railroad station that serves SEPTA Regional Rail, Amtrak, and New Jersey Transit trains.
It covers small portions of Chhattisgarh and Andhra Pradesh.
The line was opened between 1850 and 1853 and is one of the oldest railways in Germany.
The Evergreen Extension uses the colour yellow outlined in green on route maps, wayfinding and station signage.
It runs for two stations along Spadina Avenue before continuing along the Cedarvale and Nordheimer ravines to Allen Road.
This track is under the jurisdiction of Bangladesh Railway.
It was an important goods route for many years as the southern end of a route from coalfields in Yorkshire.
It is colored yellow on NJ Transit system maps, and its symbol is a water wheel.
The line has 59 stations with a total of 98.159 km.
The Ōito Line is a railway line in Japan which connects Matsumoto Station in Nagano Prefecture with Itoigawa Station in Niigata Prefecture.
The Severn Beach line is a local railway line in Bristol and South Gloucestershire, England.
It is the only one of all the Palatine railway lines that were completed in the 20th century that has never been threatened with closure.
At 12.5 kilometres long and serving 15 stations, it is also the longest metro line in Lyon.
The project has had a long and chequered history but serious progress was made only after it was declared a National Project in 2002.
Line 1 is the first rapid transit line in Suzhou and this line is operated by Suzhou Rail Transit Co., Ltd.
The line is the fourth major rail project in the capital since 2000.
Construction of the line began on October 1, 2008 and required investments of about Y51.6 billion.
This track is under the jurisdiction of Bangladesh Railway.
It was opened in three separate sections and is one of the oldest lines in Germany.
The route terminated at Parliament St in the morning, and originated at Church Street in the afternoon.
The Tōgane Line is a railway line in Chiba Prefecture, Japan, owned and operated by East Japan Railway Company.
Locomotives were changed at Chattahoochee, where the SAL rails met those of the L&N.
Due to the "Daegu Subway Fire" in 2003, all of Line 3's stations were built with platform screen doors.
The line is part of the Network Rail Strategic Route 5, SRS 05.09 and part of SRS 05.05.
The railway had its station, Trondhjem Kalvskinnet Station, in Prinsens gate, crossed the Nidelva river on a newly constructed railroad bridge to Elgeseter, the Elgeseter Bridge.
The line runs from the northern termini Aéroport Charles de Gaulle and Mitry-Claye to the southern termini Robinson and Saint-Rémy-lès-Chevreuse.
From 1990 to 1994 it was upgraded as part of a German Unification Transport Project.
It is not a separate project with no new rails, but a collection of sections built as part of other Intercity Railways surrounding Guangzhou.
The Ao Line is a commuter railway line in Hyōgo Prefecture, Japan, operated by the Kobe Electric Railway.
It was completed on 26 May 1992, reducing the time of the fastest trains between the two cities to 1 hour and 20 minutes.
KLIA Ekspres is a non-stop airport rail link service in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia, linking Kuala Lumpur Sentral with Kuala Lumpur International Airport.
The Milan–Canzo/Asso railway is a regional railway line with standard track gauge which links Milan to Canzo crossing for Erba and other towns in Brianza.
The line serves the western suburbs of Tokyo, connecting them to Shinjuku and other areas of downtown Tokyo.
The Erft Railway and operated as a metre gauge railway.
The Yellow Line is one of the lines of the Delhi Metro, a rapid transit system in Delhi, India.
The line is operated by DB Regio NRW.
This page includes the Meerut - Khurja link.
The Northern Line is a commuter rail service in and around Cape Town, South Africa operated by Metrorail Western Cape.
RER line A is one of the five lines in the RER system serving Paris, France.
Erfurter Bahn operates services every two hours using Regio-Shuttle diesel multiple units.
The Kashima Railway Line was the sole line operated by the Kashima Railway Company in Ibaraki Prefecture, Japan.
Part of the line, from Edinburgh to Tweedbank, reopened in September 2015.
It was originally opened as the k.k.
The line was constructed in 1903, as part of the original expansion plan.
The construction of the project was being planned in stages, or "minimum operable segments".
The line was opened in four stages between 1888 and 1900.
It is estimated that on average about 65,000 passengers travel on an FR1 train each day.
It was named 35th Street/'Lou' Jones/Bronzeville Station after Lovana Jones who was an Illinois State Representative in the Bronzeville neighborhood.
The Keihan Ishiyama Sakamoto Line is a railway line in Shiga Prefecture, Japan, operated by the private railway operator Keihan Electric Railway.
Line F is a planned addition to the Buenos Aires Underground.
For ease of operation, the Light Metro was integrated into the conventional Metro service.
The first stretch with seven stations, between Raiymbek batyr and Alatau, and with a train yard at the Raiymbek batyr, was opened on 1 December 2011.
The company built and operated the 1,000 mm gauge line between Puente Alsina and Carhué in Buenos Aires Province.
The railway crosses the Yangtze in Wuhan over the Tianxingzhou Bridge, which was opened in December 2009.
Special events occur during the Christmas holidays.
The last train operated in 1986 with the line formally closed on 25 September 1990.
Interestingly survey for new lines from Madurai Junction to Kottayam and Dindigul Junction to Cumbum lower camp, Kumily to Sabarimala also started.
From Crestline west to Adams junction in Allen County, Indiana and beyond to the Gary, Indiana neighborhood of Tolleston, the line is owned by CSX.
Luino–Oleggio railway is a railway line in Lombardy, Italy.
A proposed south extension to Paullo is currently on hold due to lack of funds.
The IRT Nostrand Avenue Line splits from the local tracks of the Eastern Parkway Line south of the Franklin Avenue station.
The Nankō Port Town Line, also called New Tram, is an automated guideway transit system operated by Osaka Municipal Transportation Bureau in Suminoe-ku, Osaka, Japan.
The trains are lighter allowing for construction costs to be cut in half.
The line is 45.2 km long with 43 stations, with 1 not operating.
The Cumbrian Coast line is a rail route in North West England, running from Carlisle to Barrow-in-Furness via Workington and Whitehaven.
The line is 31.81 kilometres long, standard gauge, single track and electrified at 15 kV  16 2⁄3 Hz AC supplied by overhead line.
The Midōsuji Line is a rapid transit line in Osaka, Japan, operated by the Osaka Municipal Subway.
Because of this and the steady decrease of traffic between Neustadt and Donaueschingen the route did not represent an operational unit anymore.
The Poznań–Szczecin railway is a Polish 213-kilometre long railway line, that connects Poznań with Krzyż Wielkopolski, Stargard Szczecinski and further to Szczecin.
The Phase 1 is 23.3 km in length with 21 stations.
The Cumbernauld Line is a suburban railway line linking Glasgow to Falkirk via Cumbernauld in Scotland.
The last train on the section between Spikkestad and Drammen ran 2 June 1973.
Line 3 is a planned east-west line of Suzhou Rail Transit.
It was opened in stages from 1868 to 1928 being built outwards from both Rastatt and Freudenstadt.
After this accident, automatic traffic lights were installed in all lines.
Line 3 of the Athens Metro runs from Agia Marina to Airport, via Syntagma, although some trains reverse at Doukissis Plakentias.
From Earnest west to GLEN interlocking, the Trenton Cutoff is a single track in dark territory.
On subway maps, the Line's color is      red/     blue.
The first section of the line, between Gifu and Kagamigahara, opened in 1920.
The Daiyūzan Line is a commuter railway line in Kanagawa Prefecture, Japan, operated by the private railway operator Izuhakone Railway.
The Kinuura Rinkai Railway Handa Line is a freight-only railway line owned and operated by the Kinuura Rinkai Railway in Handa, Aichi, Japan, since 1975.
The Gandhidham–Ahmedabad main line belongs to Western Railway of Ahmedabad Division in Gujarat State.
Line 1 runs underneath Chang'an Avenue, the city's grand east–west thoroughfare, right through the heart of Beijing with stops on either side of Tiananmen Square.
It is used by S-Bahn lines S8 and S9.
The line line's two stations differ in elevation by 493 m.
The Yamatoji Line is the common name of the western portion of the Kansai Main Line.
The line has operated since 1894, and is used by both tourists and local residents.
The Jabalpur–Bhusaval section is a railway line connecting Jabalpur, Madhya Pradesh and Bhusaval, Maharashtra.
It is not electrified and is operated by London Midland using Class 172 diesel multiple units.
The Orange Line was built off of the downtown terminus of the Green and Yellow Lines, at Portland State University.
The branch to Cologno Nord runs mostly on viaducts, while those to Assago and Gessate run on the surface.
In addition, a multitude of local train services of numerous railway companies are on offer.
Most servicing is done at the Morrisville Yard, at the west end of the line.
The Simensbråten Line was a light rail line of Oslo Tramway between Jomfrubråten and Simensbråten in Oslo, Norway.
From the end of the 19th century, the railway shared tracks with the Great Central Railway route out of Marylebone.
It followed an almost straight course over flat terrain.
From the east to the west, it will connect the major cities of Shanghai, Nanjing, Hefei, Wuhan, Chongqing, and Chengdu.
The MRT Brown Line is a 22 km rapid transit line under preliminary study in Bangkok, Thailand.
The extended line is about 2 miles long.
Panay Railways Inc. is a government-owned and controlled corporation of the Philippines headquartered in La Paz, Iloilo City, the Philippines, on the island of Panay.
The Bakerloo line extension is a proposed southern extension of the London Underground Bakerloo line in South London from its current terminus at Elephant & Castle.
The eastern section of the line is the oldest part of the Berlin U-Bahn, although it is largely above ground.
The railway is sometimes mistakenly believed to be part of the Rjukan Line.
The railway shares line with Inland Line between Brunflo and Östersund while the line between Ånge and Bräcke is double track.
Construction and management of this line has been conducted by a joint venture limited liability company between Chengdu Metro and Chengdu Railway Bureau.
The line currently runs parallel to the north of Line 1 and the Batong Line, from Wulu in Haidian to Lucheng in Chaoyang District.
The line has six stations: Kallangur, Murrumba Downs, Mango Hill, Mango Hill East, Rothwell and Kippa-Ring.
The preliminary cost estimate for the STAR Line was $1.1 billion.
The 66.5-kilometer long line extends from Frankfurt Central Station to Eschhofen, a borough of Limburg an der Lahn.
The tramline consists of 9 stations with three of those allowing interchanges with the Medellín Metro and the Metrocable systems.
It connects the Ring line station of Neukölln via Köllnische Heide to Baumschulenweg on the Görlitz line.
Trains running on the line reach top speeds of 250 kilometres per hour, and the shortest trip between Wenzhou and Fuzhou takes 1.5 hours.
The Harburg S-Bahn line is a railway line in southern Hamburg, Germany.
Since 2003 passenger services on it have been operated by the Rhine-Neckar S-Bahn.
The construction date for line 3 has not yet been published.
Christchurch was a planned railway station in Dublin, intended as part of the DART Underground project.
The Kashii Line is a railway line in Japan operated by Kyushu Railway Company.
It is now only used for regional passenger transport, using Class 641 diesel multiple units.
It is managed by the South Florida Regional Transportation Authority along CSX Transportation's former Miami Subdivision, the line now wholly owned by the Florida DOT.
The line is 30.755 km long and has 26 stations of which 8 are elevated and the rest are underground.
The Selby Line is a secondary railway line in Yorkshire.
The Mount Gambier railway line was a railway line on the South Australian Railways network.
The Lake Street Elevated Railroad was the second permanent elevated rapid transit line to be constructed in Chicago, Illinois.
The Sormovsko-Meshcherskaya Line is the second line of the Nizhny Novgorod Metro.
It links Colchester to the seaside resorts of Clacton-on-Sea and, via a branch, Walton-on-the-Naze.
Some fragments of bridge structures and a short tunnel survive at present, and part of the route can be surmised from aerial photographs.
It extends the metro system southeast along the right bank of the Dnieper River before crossing it on a covered bridge and then east from there.
The first section of the line, between Lavezzola and Lugo, was opened in 1888–89.
Prior to January 2015 there were also four westbound trips in the afternoon rush hour.
Puerto Belgrano, near the city of Bahía Blanca in Buenos Aires Province, is the main naval base in Argentina.
The direct route between Rugby and Stafford is the Trent Valley Line.
It was built in 1889 by the Oriental Railway Company to service Çivril, which was only 30 km north of their mainline.
This service ended on September 30, 1981.
As of September 2011, the line transports an average of 180,000 passengers daily.
It is located in Central Queensland, and services the Bowen Basin.
Thus it had a substantial impact on the development of standards for electric railway operations in Central Europe.
It opened in stages between 1881 and 1893.
The coastal line is a major railway line in Sri Lanka, running between Colombo Fort and Matara, via Galle.
The Keio Takao line is a railway line operated by the Japanese private railway operator Keio Corporation.
The line opened in 1855 and 1856 and was one of the oldest railways in Germany.
It operates between Takanosu in the city of Kitaakita and Kakunodate in the city of Senboku.
Since then passenger numbers have grown steadily to 1.2 million in 2012.
It connects the two Hanseatic cities of Hamburg and Lübeck, and is part of the line to Denmark.
It is operated by the Zugerbergbahn AG company.
It extends 82.5 km from Shinjuku in central Tokyo through the southwest suburbs to the city of Odawara, the gateway to Hakone in Kanagawa Prefecture.
Jasidih–Dumka–Rampurhat line is a section of Indian Railways under the Asansol division of Eastern Railway.
Beverly Hills was a suburban line of the Pacific Electric Railway.
It is the first standard gauge rail connection between Europe and Asia.
The Kŭmgol Line is an electrified standard-gauge secondary line of the North Korean State Railway running from Yŏhaejin on the P'yŏngra Line to Muhak.
Passenger services did not start until 1900.
The line was originally the Hudson River Railroad, and later part of the famous Water Level Route of the New York Central Railroad.
All stations on this line are in the city of Osaka, except for the western terminus in Amagasaki, Hyōgo Prefecture.
Metro-North service ends at Poughkeepsie, with Amtrak's Empire Corridor trains continuing north to and beyond Albany.
It links the city centre with the Schlossberg hill.
The Angren–Pap railway line is an electrified railway line in eastern Uzbekistan.
Tower in Northampton with the Connecticut River Railroad.
It has a planned 26 stations from Huangpu Ferry Terminal (and Guangzhou Line 5 in the North, to Lilin in the south (Shenzhen Line 6.
The IND Sixth Avenue Line is a rapid transit line of the B Division of the New York City Subway in the United States.
It was redesigned and rebuilt between 2000 and 2004, and operation was reinstated in 2004 after a 40-year hiatus.
It has numerous branchlines, including those to Ryŏngdae, Myŏnghak, Sŏch'ang and Changsang.
The North Auckland Line previously continued to Opua in the Bay of Islands, with the section from Otiria to Opua sometimes known as the Opua Branch.
Construction of this scheme, also known as Sydney Metro, began in 2013.
The Elgeseter Line was a tramway line in Trondheim Tramway between Trondheim Torg and Elgeseter.
The Beach Pneumatic Transit was the first attempt to build an underground public transit system in New York City.
The Akita Nairiku Line is a Japanese railway line located in Akita Prefecture in northern Japan.
The Melling Branch is a railway branch line in the Hutt Valley, north of Wellington, New Zealand.
Although the franchise, granted to the company, allowed the line to be constructed to 34th Street, it was not constructed north of 32nd Street.
At Mæl the wagons were shipped 30 kilometres on the Tinnsjø railway ferry to Tinnoset where they connected to the Tinnoset Line.
The first section was inaugurated on 9 September 2009.
It is scheduled to be completed in 2019.
The Plauen–Cheb Line is a mainline railway in Saxony, Germany and the Czech Republic, which was originally built and operated by the Kgl.
It is colored grass-green, which is the identifying color of this line, which would appear on its trains, station signs, and the official subway map.
The line itself is owned by Sporveien.
Twelve married pairs of Siemens VT642 Desiro DMUs were delivered to the Escondido Transit Center in August 2006.
A bus replacement service operated between Bad Nieuweschans and Leer following the accident.
Suburban operations along the line are the most frequent in the entire Metra system.
This reclassification resulted in services which ran through the BMT Nassau Street Line to Downtown Brooklyn having two south ends.
It runs from Sydney to Albury, near the Victorian border.
This line will be extended to Berryessa station in San Jose later in Fall 2017.
The Jura Simplon Railway was merged into the Swiss Federal Railways in 1902.
The heart of the old town of Yamada was near modern-day Ujiyamada Station, the terminus, and thus the line was named the "Yamada Line".
At the Koblenz end of the line, alternate trains on Aargau S-Bahn line S27 from Baden run through to Bad Zurzach.
After three public information sessions, the residents of both cities agreed overwhelmingly in favour of light rail transit along the full length of the corridor.
The line extends 13.8 km from the city of Kanazawa to Hakusan with a total of 16 stations.
In addition to hourly Regional-Express trains and numerous freight trains, it is served by Intercity-Express trains during the day at half-hourly intervals with some gaps.
The fare is AU$3.00 and one complete mainline journey takes about 12 minutes.
This forms the northern section of the larger Nanchang-Shenzhen High-Speed Railway.
It is scheduled for completion in 2021 at a cost of $1.2 billion.
The extension from Itapevi and Amador Bueno is temporarily closed for renovation of the stations.
It covers a total of 300.6 km, from Samnangjin Station in Miryang, South Gyeongsang, to Gwangju·Songjeong Station in Gwangju, South Jeolla.
The Muzaffarpur–Sitamarhi section is a railway line connecting Muzaffarpur to Sitamarhi in the Indian state of Bihar.
The Primorskaya line was the second line constructed by the Primorskaya railway, near St. Petersburg, Russia.
The Kyushu Shinkansen continues south of Hakata to Kagoshima.
This line is currently 31.9 km long with 33 stations.
This line serves the Chengdu East Railway Station.
It is an important line in economic terms, connecting the agricultural and ore-producing areas of Kwail and Ŭnnyul counties with the rest of the DPRK.
The initial network opened between 1980 and 1984, using converted former railway lines, linked with new tunnel infrastructure.
Since 1993 the line has been rebuilt from the Swiss side as a touristic line.
It merged with the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway in January 1885.
There were six stations: Thamshavn, Orkanger, Bårdshaug, Fannrem, Solbusøy and Svorkmo.
Eventually purchased by Southern Pacific Railroad, it was leased to the Los Angeles Pacific Railroad for electric passenger and light freight use in 1909.
The new station, a two-terminal, was intended to increase capacity and to save travel times.
Erding made an unsuccessful bid for the Munich–Mühldorf railway to run through the town; instead it was built a few kilometres south of the town.
The standard gauge line branches off the Allgäu Railway in Immenstadt and runs via Sonthofen to Oberstdorf.
Until 2016, the only intermediate station on the route was Bedworth.
Revenue service is projected to begin by May 2018.
It is operated by the Saudi Railways Organization.
The Namboku Line color on maps is green, and its stations carry the letter "N" followed by a number.
There the line continues as the Central Line.
Croix Paquet station claims to be the steepest metro station in the world, with an incline of 17%.
This line operates under the jurisdiction of North Western Railway zone.
As of March 2016, the president and general manager of the railroad was John Catalan.
The Island Line is one of eleven lines of the MTR, the mass transit system in Hong Kong.
Unlike all other NJT railway lines, the Atlantic City line does not have traditional rush hour service.
the line rises some 962 m reaching 1,348 m at Les Pléiades.
The headquarters of the OER were at the Far Rockaway–Mott Avenue subway station, which at the time was an LIRR station.
Paulson, was one of the 24 businesses located in Minneapolis Railroad district in the early 1900s.
The Bukit Panjang LRT Line is a 7.8-kilometre automated guideway transit line opened on 6 November 1999 as part of Singapore's LRT system.
653,100 passengers used the line on 5 May 2014, setting a new record.
Deutsche Bundesbahn planned in the 1980s to close the line.
The Gudivada–Machilipatnam branch line is a railway line connecting Gudivada and Machilipatnam of Krishna district in the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh.
It connects Aomori Station and Minmaya Station on the Tsugaru Peninsula in western Aomori Prefecture.
The Gusevskoye peat railway is located in Vladimir Oblast, Russia.
Mentougou Line formerly known as Datai Line, or Beijing Maglev Trains is a magnetic levitation train currently under construction.
The Hainan Eastern Ring High-Speed Railway is a high-speed railway on Hainan Island, China.
The LGV Sud-Est is a high-speed rail line, which links Paris' and Lyon's suburbs, in France.
The Bishops Waltham branch was a railway line in Hampshire, England.
The line connects Jochiwon on the Gyeongbu Line to Bongyang on the Jungang Line, serving the major cities of Cheongju and Chungju en route.
Line 21 is a express suburban metro line along with Line 14.
It was opened in 1909 and ceased operations in 1919.
It runs from the Bingham Loop at Victoria Park Avenue and Kingston Road in the Beaches neighbourhood to McCaul Loop in downtown Toronto.
In late January 2013, it was announced that construction work on the Shijiazhuang–Jinan Passenger Railway would begin.
The trains in Line 21 will reach a maximum service speed of 120 km/h.
The Stafford–Manchester line is a branch of the West Coast Main Line serving Stafford, Norton Bridge, Stone, Stoke-on-Trent, Kidsgrove, Congleton, Macclesfield, Cheadle Hulme, Stockport and Manchester.
Line 4 of Ningbo Rail Transit is a rapid transit line under construction in Ningbo.
It was opened in 1847 and has been modernized and developed several times since then.
Also, the tramway's line goes through important touristic and cultural spots, like the Guggenheim Museum Bilbao.
In 1919 the canal was replaced with the Bratsberg Line from Notodden to Skien.
The Metra Electric District also has the best on-time performance of all Metra lines, averaging only one late train a month in 2014.
NSB also ran a local service between Hønefoss and Oslo along the Roa–Hønefoss Line.
The train locomotives are marked "Harmony; Great Wall Type".
It commenced service on November 24, 2007 as the first rail line of the Charlotte Area Transit System.
Unlike most other third sector company lines, the line made steady profits.
The line links the eastern, central and western areas of Bangalore.
The first section of the Murr Railway to Backnang is integrated with the Stuttgart S-Bahn as line S3.
The line serviced five stations: Grange, Kirkcaldy, Marlborough Street, Henley Beach Jetty Road, and Henley Beach.
The border between North Rhine-Westphalia and Lower Saxony Between is crossed between Minden and Bückeburg.
When the planned expansion of Line 6 is finished, there will a total of 8 stations along a planned 5.5-kilometre route length.
In September 2012, the average weekday boardings on the Pink Line was 33,737.
The Gouda–Den Haag railway is a heavily used railway line in the Netherlands, running from Gouda to Den Haag, passing through Zoetermeer.
This travels along the Delhi–Howrah main line from Tundla to Howrah.
Also all stations are covered by a combination of transparent corrugated sheets and a concrete roof.
The line is longer than JR Ōsaka Loop Line, but shorter than JR Yamanote Line.
It became insolvent in 1919 and was restructured and released from bankruptcy as the Brooklyn–Manhattan Transit Corporation in 1923.
The Rome–Formia–Naples railway—also called the Rome–Naples Direttissima in Italian–is part of the traditional main north-south trunk line of the Italian railway network.
2, while the Osaka Municipal Transportation Bureau refers to it as Osaka City Rapid Railway Line No.
In August 2014, SNCF began work on a reopening project to Bedous, with the line reopening on 1 July 2016.
The Queens Boulevard Line's eastern terminus is the four-track 179th Street station.
Paulson's involvement in building Fairmount and Veblen Railway, ensured greater distribution of products by Minneapolis manufacturer's, when the short lines linked up to larger lines.
All of them except Ulitsa Starokachalovskaya have a lift for wheelchair users only.
The line struggled to be profitable and it seemed likely that it would close following the Beeching Report.
In June 2017, the company revised the start date to mid-2019 due to difficulties acquiring rolling stock and negotiating track usage costs with Genesee & Wyoming.
Line 4 of the Chengdu Metro is the third line to enter revenue service on the metro network in Chengdu, Sichuan, China.
The Østensjø Line became part of the Oslo Metro in 1966.
Once the new Xi'an North Railway Station was opened all high-speed service in Xi'an was routed to it.
The section from Helsingør to Hornbæk opened in 1906, and the section from Hornbæk to Gilleleje in 1916.
Most of the line is planned for conversion to light rail as part of the Parramatta Light Rail network.
The line inside Germany has a length of about 70 kilometres.
Line 2 of the Nanjing Metro is a subway line that runs mainly in an east-west direction on the Nanjing Metro network in China.
The streetcar project's overall cost of $196 million was met through a combination of local funding sources and federal grants.
Since 1902 the line has been part of the network of the Swiss Federal Railways.
Unlike those of other lines, the walls of line 10's tunnels are painted white, creating a brightness that is not found on any other métro line.
Grand Chord is one of the two parts of the main Delhi–Howrah route.
The Gornergrat Railway is a mountain rack railway, located in the Swiss canton of Valais.
The short section east of Bozanönü to Eğirdir was abandoned in 2003.
The Jelgava–Liepāja Railway is a 180 kilometres long, 1,524 mm gauge railway built in the 20th century to connect the cities Jelgava and Liepāja, Latvia.
It is part of the northern section of the Ludwig South-North Railway.
The railway line had the classification number of 4510.
Finally, South Ferry is within walking distance of Bowling Green, and is right next to the corresponding station on the IRT Broadway–Seventh Avenue Line.
The Hamburg-Altona–Neumünster railway is the original line of the AKN Eisenbahn in the German states of Hamburg and Schleswig-Holstein.
There is also a branch line to Cambridge.
With this extension, it is expected to be 50.67 km long with 32 stations.
It was built as 1,067 mm narrow gauge, but converted to 1,435 mm standard gauge with the connection with the Bergen Line.
The Tokyu Toyoko Line is a major railway line connecting Tokyo to Yokohama.
The track is still operated by Deutsche Bahn.
The Greenbush Line is a branch of the MBTA Commuter Rail system which serves the South Shore region of Massachusetts.
The Brown Line of the Chicago "L" system, is an 11.4-mile route with 27 stations between Chicago's Albany Park neighborhood and downtown Chicago.
The southern part is rural in nature, and has a less frequent service, with a number of rural request stops.
The service on the railway was suspended from 17 June 2012, by decision of the Piedmont Region.
The Lisburn–Antrim line is a 20-mile railway line of Northern Ireland Railways.
Line 4 is a line on the Nanjing Metro system in China.
Naupada-Gunupur Railway line belongs to East Coast Railway of Waltair division.
The name Sanyō derived from the ancient region and highway Sanyōdō, the road on the sunny side of the mountains.
The Line 10 loop is situated between two and six kilometers outside of the Line 2 loop, which circumnavigates Beijing's old city.
The company only had one line throughout its history which ran from Northport to Northport Harbor, at what is today Cow Harbor Park.
It finally extended to its current eastern terminus at Indian Creek in September 1993.
Nowadays the line is only worked by regional trains, including diesel multiples of the DreiLänderBahn, but there is one exception.
The Dublin to Sligo main line is a railway route operated by Iarnród Éireann in Ireland.
The Conwy Valley line is a railway line in north-west Wales.
The line went into test operations in early April 2010, and opened for full service on July 1, 2010.
The spectacular views of Mont Blanc and adjacent mountains of the Mont Blanc massif provided by the tramway make it very popular with tourists.
The Northern Line is a railway line in Thailand.
The District line is a London Underground service that crosses Greater London from east to west.
The route originated at the intersection of 19th Street and Chester Avenue, and traveled north on Chester.
Following a derailment in April 2014, the entire stretch was upgraded with new sleepers.
It will have integration with Line 6 as well as CPTM Line 8.
It is 1,372 mm gauge, electrified at 1,500 V DC.
The BAWR network is currently part of Domingo Sarmiento Railway network.
The 511 Bathurst is a streetcar route operated by the Toronto Transit Commission in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.
Daegu Metro Line 1 was, until mid-2005, the only rapid transit line in the South Korean city of Daegu.
It connects Nokdong Station in Dong-gu at its eastern terminus to Pyeongdong Station in Gwangsan-gu in the west, via the central business district and Gwangju Airport.
The Boulogne–Calais railway is an electrified double track railway running between the ports of Boulogne-sur-Mer and Calais in France.
It connects the provincial capital Changsha with Zhuzhou and Xiangtan.
The Santhià–Arona railway is a railway line in Piedmont, Italy.
The Magdeburg–Thale railway is a predominantly single-track, non-electrified main line railway that connects Thale, in the northern Harz, with Magdeburg, the capital of Saxony-Anhalt.
The line is double-track and signaled through its entire length.
The first phase, Shenzhen–Guangzhou, commenced revenue operation in December 2011.
The Haut-Bugey line is a railway line in France.
From Broadview to Freeport, Illinois, it is single-tracked and track warrants are used.
Trains run from Betzdorf via Haiger to Dillenburg, partly over a section of the Dill line.
The line was built and operated by the Los Angeles Pacific Railroad.
It forms the principal route for passenger trains between London and Portsmouth.
Another proposal for this railway line is extend to Thiruvananthapuram.
Operations were taken over by the municipal Trondheim Trafikkselskap in 1972, but it was closed along with the rest of the tramway in 1988.
The BMT Broadway Line is a rapid transit line of the B Division of the New York City Subway in Manhattan, New York City, United States.
The North line is one of the 2 railways connecting Jakarta and Surabaya in Java.
It was 7.8 kilometres long, and was electrified at 1000 V DC using overhead lines.
On June 22, 2008, new tracks for the Meguro Line trains from Motosumiyoshi to Hiyoshi stations were added.
The line is known for significant feats of engineering while crossing the Wasatch Mountains of Utah and the Rocky Mountains of Colorado.
Passenger service began on September 28, 2009.
Olive Mount cutting is a 2 miles sandstone railway cutting, 4 miles from Liverpool, along the railway to Manchester, which was opened in 1830.
It connects Innsbruck via Seefeld and Mittenwald to Garmisch-Partenkirchen.
It will bypass the Kaliningrad Oblast and Hrodna, which have historically hosted two Poland–Lithuania rail routes.
The system is a component of the state's smart growth strategy to reduce auto-ridership and to revitalize older urban and suburban areas through transit-oriented development.
This train starts every day from Siegen in the morning at 6:17 pm, the train von Klagenfurt arrives at 9:57 am at Siegen.
The line is one of the oldest lines in Western Pomerania and was built and operated by the Berlin-Stettin Railway Company from 1863.
The rebuilding of the line has also not been without new difficulties.
The Berlin–Lehrte railway, known in German as the Lehrter Bahn, is an east-west line running from Berlin via Lehrte to Hanover.
The Nikkō Line is a railway line operated by East Japan Railway Company which connects Utsunomiya to Nikkō.
The Wayzata Subdivision or Wayzata Sub is a railway line that runs about 93 miles from Willmar to Minneapolis, Minnesota.
The Isar River Valley Railway is a standard gauge and electrified railway in the German state of Bavaria.
The line is considered as part of the Tianjin Metro system.
The rest of the line is still under construction.
It is a single track of 1,372 mm gauge.
The WC operated this route after it was purchased from the Soo Line Railroad in April 1987.
It is also called the Stichtse lijn in Dutch.
The eastern satellite cities such as Higashiosaka and Ikoma are connected by the line.
The Hurum Line was a proposed railway line which would have connected Røyken and Hurum in Buskerud, Norway.
The line was opened in 1894, when the area was part of the Ottoman Empire.
The line connects to the main R3 line at Ribes de Freser, but the stations have separate access.
The Hamburg freight rail bypass is a railway line in the German city of Hamburg.
This materialized in an extension of the line to Bøler on 20 July 1958.
The line was China's first heavy monorail line, built using Hitachi Monorail technology.
This line was known as the Chicago & Northwestern/North Line until C&NW was absorbed by Union Pacific circa 1995.
The line runs from North Jiangyang Road in the north to Shanghai South Railway Station in the southwest of the city, where it meets Line 1.
The most notable feature on the line is the Cahir Viaduct, which has twice partly collapsed.
It was also the last line to close in the system, in 1942.
The S5 service of the S-Bahn Rhein-Main system bearing the KBS number 645.5
Together with Regional-Express services, trains operate approximately hourly.
The line is used primarily by a mix of factory workers and tourists.
8, while the Osaka Municipal Transportation Bureau refers to it as Osaka City Rapid Railway Line No.
The opening of the line experienced slight delays and eventually opened in November 2011.
The Howrah–Delhi main line is a railway line connecting Delhi and Kolkata cutting across northern India.
Operating 24 hours a day, the 8.9-mile trip takes 22 minutes to complete.
The Cleveland railway line is a suburban railway line extending 37.3 kilometres east-southeast from Brisbane, the state capital of Queensland, Australia.
It connected Suwon to Namincheon via Ansan and Siheung.
With a designed top speed of 200 km/h, it is built as a double tracked electrified passenger dedicated line.
The line is owned and maintained by Rail Net Denmark and served with passenger trains by the Danish State Railways.
The decision to build the line was made in 1992; construction started two years later.
It connects central Cape Town with the suburbs of Pinelands, Athlone, Lansdowne, Ottery and Retreat.
It was inherited as a former segment of the New York and Manhattan Beach Railroad and ran from Greenpoint, Brooklyn to what is today Ridgewood, Queens.
It has section of quadruple track starting from Chhatrapati Shivaji Terminus and ends at Kasara, Roha, Lonavala and Khopoli junctions in Maharashtra
A flyover was constructed in 1931 converting it into a flying junction.
The Jolarpettai–Shoranur line connects Jolarpettai, on the Chennai Central-Bangalore City line in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu and Shoranur in Kerala.
The train was started on 22 July 1976 following the Shimla Agreement and ran between Amritsar and Lahore, a distance of about 42 km.
Companhia do Metropolitano de São Paulo, the company operates the other lines in the São Paulo Metro, monitors the operation of the line.
The Duluth News Tribune wrote an article on May 8, 1890 and called the railway "the longest of its kind in the world."
The City Airport Train is an express train that connects Vienna International Airport and Vienna city center in 16 minutes without intermediate stops.
It is part of the CRH's system of passenger dedicated lines, connecting Xuzhou East Station and Lanzhou West Station.
The Yoshino Line is a railway line in Nara Prefecture, Japan, operated by the private railway operator Kintetsu Railway.
The Certaldo Funicular is a funicular railway in the town of Certaldo, Tuscany, Italy.
It runs from Mering near Augsburg via Geltendorf to Weilheim and is listed by the Deutsche Bahn as Kursbuchstrecke 985.
A branch line connects Shin-Yūbari to Yūbari.
The funicular was constructed in 2008, in order to replace a previous cable car that was used between 1968 and 2006.
The line can change to 1, 2, 3, 5, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14, 15, 18 and 20.
The line was constructed in 1903, as part of the original expansion plan.
It connects Kubota Station in Saga to Nishi-Karatsu Station in Karatsu.
Although it is a high-capacity line, only 1 train set is currently being used.
The funicular operates only between May and mid-October.
Diverging from this route is the Heart of Wessex Line from Westbury to Weymouth.
The Columbus Subdivision is a freight railroad line extending from Columbus, Ohio north to Fostoria, Ohio.
It connects the Guangxi capital of Nanning with the Yunnan capital city of Kunming.
The 6.7-mile trip takes 26 minutes to complete.
The IND Rockaway Line is a rapid transit line of the IND Division of the New York City Subway, operating in Queens.
In 1967 this section of the line was route no.
The 64 km long Cologne–Duisburg railway is one of the most important lines in Germany.
The route is used primarily by the DART service, and runs North-South along the east coast of Ireland.
The line closed on 22 July 1959.
From the western portal of the tunnel, the line runs through Chinley, then splits.
It will be India's first high-speed rail line.
The Crystal Brook-Broken Hill railway line is a 371 kilometre line running from Crystal Brook to Broken Hill on the Australian Rail Track Corporation network.
The Grand Chord section was opened in December 1906 by Lord Minto, then Viceroy and Governor General of India with a function at Gujahandi.
The railway was extended from Egersund to Flekkefjord as the Flekkefjord Line in 1904.
It is owned by the City of New York and operated by the New York City Transit Authority.
The central east portion of the line, from Jintailu to Beijing South Railway Station, opened on December 26, 2015.
The Rhein-Münsterland-Express is a Regional-Express service in the German state of North Rhine-Westphalia.
The Ila Line is tramway between Trondheim Torg and Ila in Trondheim, Norway.
The Ankara–Istanbul high-speed railway, is a 533 km long high-speed railway currently running between Ankara and Pendik, with the Pendik-Central İstanbul part under construction.
It was opened in 1846 and is one of the oldest railways in Germany.
The Company was absorbed by the Great Western Railway in 1923 following the Railways Act, 1921.
The Cynwyd line is the shortest of the regional rail lines and receives the least amount of ridership.
Freight trains currently back up in rural Elburn for a half-hour or more waiting for a clear line to West Chicago.
The Heritage Corridor Line takes less than 1 hour to reach Joliet, significantly faster than the Rock Island District Line which also serves Joliet.
The line is expected to be the first one in the local rapid transit system to go beyond the city limits.
Around 1910 the town had about 2,200 inhabitants who worked mainly in the granite quarries and the porcelain industry.
Work on the line never commenced, as the Great Depression crushed the economy.
There is a movable bridge over the Aa at Gravelines to allow navigation of the river.
The company ventured into selling nure-senbei to subsidize its operations, and the profits from confectionery sales are now double those from its railway operations.
Future corridors are being planned to extend commuter rail service to Carlisle, Hershey, Lebanon, York, and communities in the upper Susquehanna Valley.
However, the structures do not provide a direct transfer between the two stations.
The stations contain four sets of doors on each platform, with only the front 2 in operation pending future increased demand.
As of June 2017, the project is expected to cost $3.42 billion and not reach completion until 2030, with some service beginning in 2022.
Its identifying color is pink and it runs through the city from west to east.
The underground section between Seoul Station and Cheongnyangni Station, which is referred to as Seoul Metro Line 1), is currently operated by Seoul Metro.
The line opened on 4 June 1896, and remained in use until 15 June 1953.
Its previous name was Linia Hutniczo Siarkowa, but after sulphur ceased to be transported its name was changed, keeping the initials the same.
By 1986 a passing loop was constructed at Ystrad Rhondda station, to enable a half-hourly service to be introduced by British Rail.
It runs through Baden, from Mannheim via Heidelberg, Karlsruhe, Offenburg, Freiburg, Basle, Waldshut, Schaffhausen and Singen to Constance.
It runs to the south from the port city of Wilhelmshaven to Oldenburg.
The monorail will be 34.5 km long with 30 stations.
Its name comes from the fact that the majority of the line runs through Franconia.
Some trains travel directly from one to the other, so that it is possible to travel directly from Seoul or Busan to Gangneung by rail.
The Yotsubashi Line is an underground rapid transit line in Osaka, Japan, operated by the Osaka Municipal Subway.
Mayor Rob Ford cancelled the line after taking office in December 2010.
The 108 kilometres railway line operates in Howrah, Hooghly and Purba Bardhaman districts in the Indian state of West Bengal.
It connects to SBB train services in Liestal railway station.
The Magenta Line will provide direct connectivity to Terminal 1D of Indira Gandhi International Airport.
The first part of the line opened in 1874 between Wellington and Lower Hutt, with the entire line to Woodville completed in 1897.
One locomotive is preserved at the Krøder Line.
A railway line then connects Quévy to Paris, France, which forms the old Brussels-Paris railway line.
Another disadvantage is that being mainly in tunnel the new line will not offer tourists spectacular views of the Riviera coast as the old line did.
The term Riedbahn was originally used for the Darmstadt–Worms railway and the two lines share the central section between Groß-Gerau and Biblis.
It ran for 27 km from Saint Petersburg to Pavlovsk through the nearby Tsarskoye Selo.
The track gauge is 750 mm and operates year-round.
The S9 is a commuter rail route forming part of the Milan suburban railway service, which converges on the city of Milan, Italy.
A number of roadworks are under construction or completed to revitalize the surrounding community.
The Ryūgasaki Line operated by the Kantō Railway in Ibaraki Prefecture in Japan.
Line 6, also known as Guangming Line of the Shenzhen Metro is currently under construction.
On June 26, 1956, the line opened for subway service.
The Mälaren Line is a railway line from Stockholm via Västerås to Örebro in Sweden.
This 508 km track is part of the Delhi-Chennai line.
The other route is the Chatham main line which runs along the north Kent coast to Ramsgate and Dover via Chatham.
The Donghae Nambu Line is a railway line connecting Busan to Pohang in South Korea.
It was adjacent to the Recreation Park.
The Göttingen–Bebra railway is a mainline railway in Germany, running north-south, which mainly serves through traffic.
It is owned and operated by the private railway operator Nagoya Railroad.
Eizan Electric Railway Co., Ltd. is a Japanese private railway company whose two lines run entirely in Sakyō-ku in the city of Kyoto, Kyoto Prefecture.
In addition, the BMT's M, N, Q and R now run partly on IND trackage.
Over the years many of these wood station building had been dismantled to make way for newer structures, such as Leppävaara railway station in 1999.
It is double track between Cottbus and Ruhland and elsewhere single-track.
The line is served by frequent passenger trains between Seoul, Dongdaegu, and Gyeongju, Pohang and Ulsan.
The section from Buchloe to Lindau was built as part of the Ludwig South-North Railway, one of the oldest lines in Germany.
The service increase is planned to reduce overcrowding along the L, M, and K lines between the line's terminal stations.
The line was not active until the RTM's predecessor agency, the Agence Métropolitaine de transport, resumed passenger service in 1997.
Serpukhovsko–Timiryazevskaya Line, sometimes colloquially referred to as Grey Line, is a line of the Moscow Metro.
The Florence–Rome railway is part of the traditional main north-south trunk line of the Italian railway network.
It forms a part the core of the network of Austrian Federal Railways.
Since 1970, the railway is connected to Antwerp central station by a rail tunnel under the Scheldt.
Like all but one of the other Milan suburban railway service routes, it is operated by Trenord.
The Waiuku and Mission Bush Branches are two branches on the New Zealand railway network which are closely linked.
The Neudietendorf–Ritschenhausen railway connects Neudietendorf and Ritschenhausen in the German state of Thuringia.
The Seibu Kokubunji Line is a railway line in Tokyo, Japan, operated by the private railway operator Seibu Railway.
The Barauni–Gorakhpur, Raxaul and Jainagar lines are a set of three lines connecting Barauni in the Indian state of Bihar with Gorakhpur in Uttar Pradesh.
This line connects West to South-East regions.
In this configuration it was 3.3 kilometers long.
Today, SNCF service terminates at the French side of the border at Latour-de-Carol.
Until 9 December 2006 it had been route no.
Phase 2a is from the West Midlands to Crewe.
In 1920, it became part of the German national railways along with the rest of the Prussian state railways.
The Cuckoo Line is an informal name for the now defunct railway service which linked Polegate and Eridge in East Sussex, England, from 1880 to 1968.
Between Goombungee and Haden, sidings were established at Weelu and Neuve.
The line is 57.9 km in length, with 13 stations.
From a financial point of view, the best alternative was a connection to the railway network in neighbouring Prussia.
There are 13 inbound and 14 outbound departures each weekday.
The line was transferred to the Catalan government in 1979, and has been operated by Ferrocarrils de la Generalitat de Catalunya ever since.
The University of Utah is now served by the Red Line.
Line 11 of the Shenzhen Metro opened on 28 June 2016.
Hull Trains, Northern, TransPennine Express and Virgin Trains East Coast operate passenger trains on the line.
Around 1.25 million passengers use the line every year.
It opened on July 29, 1895, and closed on May 4, 1952.
The Dammam–Riyadh Line is a passenger railway line in Saudi Arabia, linking the Eastern Province's capital city of Dammam with the Saudi capital Riyadh.
The railway from Le Mans to Angers is an important French 132-kilometre long railway line.
The U7 is a line on the Frankfurt U-Bahn.
Since June 2012, TerraSur has 3 daily services on each direction, between Santiago and Chillán.
It operated a 21-mile line through rural territory in Norwich, Preston, Ledyard, North Stonington, Pawcatuck, and Westerly between 1906 and 1922.
The Ludhiana–Dhuri--Jakhal line is a railway line connecting Ludhiana in the Indian state of the Punjab and Jakhal in Haryana.
Service began when the Transbay Tube opened in 1974.
It connects Helsinki-Vantaa Airport and the adjacent Aviapolis business and retail district to the Helsinki commuter rail network.
Routes via Verdal and Røros were soon discarded and the Meråker Line was approved on 5 June 1873.
Services were operated at first using wooden carriages hauled by steam locomotives.
Ganzhou–Shenzhen High-Speed Railway is a high-speed railway from Shenzhen and the Pearl River Delta through north east Guangdong province to Ganzhou in Jiangxi province.
The Ocean Electric Railway was a street car line that operated on The Rockaways.
The South West Rail Link is a railway line serving the developing suburbs of south-western Sydney, Australia.
The line featured six stations, fourteen halts, four tunnels and was among Norway's steepest railways.
It opened fully in 1909, but closed to passengers in September 1930.
The Casablanca—Tangier high-speed rail line, referred to locally as LGV derived from TGV, is a high-speed rail line under construction in Morocco.
Transit congestion had become so bad that UberHop launched a rush-hour service for the corridor in December 2015.
It originally included a branch from Nishio-guchi to Okazaki-shin on the Tokaido Main Line, which closed in 1962.
Services normally continue to Radyr via the City Line and then back towards Coryton.
Minnesota Department of Transportation anticipates heavy congestion along Highway 61 during the morning and evening commute periods by 2030.
Regional-Express services on the line are RE 1 and RE 9 with push-pull trains with six double-decker carriages.
The Ferrocarril de Antofagasta a Bolivia & Bolivia Railway or FCAB for short) is a private railway operating in the northern provinces of Chile.
This service operates as a direct service from 6:00 AM to 23:00 on weekdays.
The Janakpuri West, Dabri Mor & Dashrath Puri stations on Janakpuri West-Botanical Garden line have been executed by an HCC-Samsung joint venture.
T-way is short for rapid bus transitway.
Infrequent freight trains still use the line to reach the PPC power generating stations.
The Borderlands line has a relatively infrequent diesel operated service.
Arlanda Express is an airport rail link connecting Stockholm Central Station with the Stockholm-Arlanda Airport outside Stockholm, Sweden.
The rail line serves part of the Northstar Corridor between Minneapolis and St.
As BART's only line that does not cross the San Francisco Bay, it is alternatively called the East Bay line or Land line.
It included the steepest grade of any section of the Pittsburgh light rail system, of approximately 10 percent.
Cities along route include Xiaoshan District of Hangzhou, Shaoxing, Shangyu, Yuyao and Ningbo, all in Zhejiang Province.
The Hankyū Kōyō Line is a 2.2 km single-track railway line in Hyōgo Prefecture, Japan, operated by the Hankyu Railway.
Two years later the Østensjø Line open, but not until 1937, when Bærumsbanen took over operations, was there provided a through service.
The Tees Valley line is a name for the railway route between Bishop Auckland and Saltburn via Darlington, Middlesbrough and Redcar.
It is served by the Skåne Commuter Rail and freight trains.
Service will start at the existing Pittsburg/Bay Point station and extend to Antioch station.
In addition, weekend Gladstone trains were cut back to Summit, and a shuttle trains is operated every two hours between Newark Broad Street and Hoboken Terminal.
Major cities served by the line include Kurunegala, Anuradhapura, Vavuniya and Jaffna.
The combined service was officially inaugurated on July 17, 2006.
Its eastern section between Magdeburg and Halberstadt was opened in 1843 and it is one of the oldest railways in Germany.
Now known as the Blue Line, it shares trackage with its counterpart, the Green Line, between just west of Ashby and Edgewood/Candler Park.
The Carmelit is currently the only underground rapid transit system in Israel, until the expected completion of the Tel Aviv Light Rail, planned for 2021.
This is the only railway line of the Kishu Railway, as the company's main business is managing real estate and hotels.
The northern portion of the Ōgaki section is locally and unofficially called Ibi Line, as Ōgaki is a reversing station.
JR West operates the section between Tsubata and Wakura-Onsen, while the Noto Railway operates the section between Nanao and Anamizu.
The Tobu Nikko Line is a 94.5 km railway line in Japan operated by the private railway company Tobu Railway.
The Ludwigslust–Bad Kleinen section of the line is double track.
It opened in July 1992, the extension to Noisy-le-Sec was completed in December 2003, and the extension to Les Courtilles in November 2012.
Political relations between Chile and Bolivia are poor.
The initial 1.5-mile, six-stop segment between Time Warner Cable Arena and Presbyterian Hospital opened for service on July 14, 2015.
The St. Louis Commuter Rail is a series of proposed commuter rail lines being developed by Metro's Moving Transit Forward Plan.
On March 19, 1906, an agreement was reached to sell all the Los Angeles Pacific Railroad lines for $6 million to Henry Huntington’s Pacific Electric Railway.
The Jaipur Division of the North Western Railway is also headquartered at Jaipur.
The line was opened in 1909 and closed in 1967.
Many train run from Ghaziput to Jaunpur/Varanasi via Aunrihar-Kerakat-Jaunpur rail line.
It was built by Magnus Volk, the first section being completed in August 1883, and is the oldest operating electric railway in the world.
The line is 178 years old as defined with its Reading to Norristown route which is the line's original route.
Proposals for an urban railway through the upper parts of Groruddalen were first articulated in public documents in 1919.
The FCPBA should not confused with the similarly named French–owned Compañía General which also operated in the Province.
This railway is expected to connect with the future Zhangjiakou–Hohhot High-Speed Railway and Datong-Zhangjiakou High-Speed Railway, both currently under construction too.
The Osaka Loop Line is a railway line in Japan operated by West Japan Railway Company.
The first section of the Berlin–Magdeburg Railway was opened in 1838 as the Berlin-Potsdam Railway and was the first railway line in Prussia.
It connects the provincial capital, Chengdu with the satellite city of Dujiangyan in Guan County.
The 95-kilometre long railway line operates in Howrah, Hooghly and Purba Bardhaman districts in the state of West Bengal.
The Thomson-East Coast Line will be the sixth Mass Rapid Transit line in Singapore, and the fourth to be completely automated and driverless.
The line's headquarters and workshops were located near Uster, with an additional depot at Langholz.
The name is longer in official use and the section is regarded as the westernmost part of the Sørlandet Line.
On 1 January 1906, Bengal Railway Company was merged with Assam Bengal Railway.
The section between St Pancras and Bedford is electrified and forms the northern half of Thameslink, with a fast service to Brighton and other suburban services.
Instead, freight trains operate on tracks that are adjacent to the route.
This train does not have any commercial stops between Delhi and Attari.
After discarding proposals for a railway and a tram-train, Akershus County Municipality planned a people mover to Lysaker Station.
Since the KCRC's merger of operations with the MTR Corporation, the line has been one of the ten lines of the MTR.
It is operated by Bombardier Transportation under contract to the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey, the operator of the airport.
A connecting line to Berkswell opened in 1884.
Because the section from Regensburg to Wiesau runs parallel to the River Naab it is also known as the Naab Valley Railway.
The line was created after the merger with the Southern Pacific Transportation Company by combining portions of lines built by former competitors.
The project comprised tunnels and approaches from New Jersey and Long Island to Midtown Manhattan, leading to the PRR's massive new station, New York Penn Station.
As of 29 June 2013, all construction on the Line O has been completed.
The line continues from Belmont through Banstead and terminates at Epsom Downs in Surrey.
The Flower Nagai Line is a Japanese railway line in Yamagata Prefecture, Japan.
Hangyong High-Speed Railway or Hang-Yong Passenger Dedicated Railway) is a railway between Hangzhou and Ningbo, in Zhejiang, China.
There were once four direct railway routes between Liverpool and Manchester in the North West of England.
The line was constructed to avoid a curfew for freight trains that restricts them from operating in the suburban area during peak hours.
The line is mainly elevated, same as the reverse point at Suzhuang.
A third line, the City Line, is not owned or operated by Merseyrail.
The railway connects the city of Kiel on the Baltic Sea with Eckernförde and Flensburg.
The Italian-Swiss border is crossed between the towns of Ribellasca and Camedo.
It passes through the Broads on its route to an Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty on the north Norfolk coast.
It is part of the Strathclyde Partnership for Transport network.
The 20.35-mile line has sixteen stations and runs at street level, in tunnels, and on elevated guideways.
The Tokushima Line is a railway line in Tokushima Prefecture, Japan, owned and operated by Shikoku Railway Company.
The line links Nagoya Station and Sakae, the CBD of Nagoya.
It links the city of Edinburgh via Falkirk to the city of Stirling, Lecropt and the town of Dunblane.
It was named so because it catered to the eastern neighbourhoods along the city's natural harbour.
In July 13, 2015, Medellin tram trial operation started, and in 31 March 2016 passenger operations officially started.
The line is mostly single-track, and is isolated from Sweden's national railway network, although both are built to compatible 1,435 mm standard gauge.
The Epsom Downs Branch is a railway line in the United Kingdom.
Services from London to North Wales and Edinburgh also run via the WCML; however the main London-Edinburgh route is the East Coast Main Line.
The Kozani–Amyntaio railway line is a 1,435 mm 59.4-kilometre long railway line of OSE connecting Kozani and Amyntaio in Greece.
The Hell–Sunnan Line is a 105-kilometer-long railway line between Hell, Stjørdal and Sunnan, Steinkjer in Nord-Trøndelag, Norway.
The line between Glasgow and Maryhill forms a part of the West Highland Line and was reopened to stopping passenger services in 1993.
It connects Uto Station in Uto, Kumamoto Prefecture with Misumi Station in Uki, Kumamoto Prefecture.
The 3-mile trip takes 11 minutes to complete, and is the shortest route in the PATH system.
The line opened 1876 and closed 1964.
Although the stadium plan was rejected by the state legislature, the rest of the Hudson Yards, including the 7 subway extension plan went forward.
It is owned and operated by the private railway operator Tobu Railway.
The route operates over the infrastructure of the Rome–Sulmona–Pescara railway.
The Tunkhannock Viaduct is one of the components of the Nicholson Cutoff/Sunbury Line.
The Jura–Bern–Lucerne Railway was a former railway company in Switzerland.
Currently work is under way to extend services to Bromsgrove, which will be added as a second southern terminus.
It runs from Sheffield east to Lincoln via Worksop, Retford and Gainsborough Lea Road.
A new station at 35th Street and Federal Street opened on April 3, 2011 to serve U.S. Cellular Field and the Illinois Institute of Technology.
It connects the Thuringian Railway at Großheringen with the Franconian Forest Railway at at Saalfeld and is part of the north-south main line, Munich–Nuremberg–Halle / Leipzig–Berlin.
The Airport Express is one of the lines of the Hong Kong MTR system.
The line was absorbed by the Great Western Railway at the 1923 Grouping and became part of British Railways on nationalisation in 1948.
The Fornebu Line is a proposed rail line which would serve the peninsula of Fornebu in Bærum, Norway.
The Special Event Line was used between 2005 through 2012, after which it was shut down as part of a system redesign.
On January 22, 2007, it was reopened with three trains daily, which departed from Kozani, arriving in Thessaloniki in three hours.
The Kisei Main Line is a railway line that parallels the coastline of the Kii Peninsula in Japan between Mie Prefecture and Wakayama Prefecture.
The line continued along Bentsebrugata to Torshov, where it intersected with the Grünerløkka–Torshov Line.
Today the only traffic on the line is containers to and from Bell Bay.
As the Eurostar trains have had their 750 V shoes removed, they can no longer use this line.
The Seibu Yūrakuchō Line is a commuter subway line operated by the private railway operator Seibu Railway in Japan.
There is also an intermediate stop at Altanca.
It would primarily serve the towns of Huntersville, Cornelius and Davidson in northern Mecklenburg County.
They replaced the previous operator, First Great Western Link, in early 2005.
The yard had a steam power house, a car barn and a shop building.
The line opened in 1904 as a 64-kilometre extension of the narrow gauge Jæren Line.
The Solotchinskoye peat railway is located in Ryazan Oblast, Russia.
This entire line operates 24 hours a day, seven days a week.
The line crosses the River Medway, and under the River Thames, terminating at St Pancras International station on the north side of central London.
It has 19 stations in Fremont, Union City, Hayward, San Leandro, Oakland, San Francisco, and Daly City.
The 3 ft 6 in narrow gauge line started at their barn on Glisan Avenue and went down First Street to Porter Avenue.
This branch was part of the Rosario and Puerto Belgrano Railway although it is out of use nowadays.
With 38 stations, the Harlem Line has the most of any Metro-North main line.
Passing trains must during humid or icy conditions not drive faster than 30 km/h.
It is operated by the Réseau de transport métropolitain, the umbrella organization that integrates and coordinates public transport services across this region.
The Millennium Line is the second rapid transit line built in the SkyTrain metro system in Metro Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada.
Line 2 is the longest line of the Milan Metro and is the only one running partially overground.
It is also the longest line to use Siemens' Communication Based Train Control system.
The Uerikon–Bauma railway is a railway which formerly linked Uerikon, Hombrechtikon, Bubikon, Hinwil, Bäretswil and Bauma in the Swiss canton of Zurich.
The designation FL5 appears only in publicity material, in the official timetables, and on signs at some stations.
It was the first railway in Norway to predominantly build bridges and viaducts with iron.
Both Vijayawada and Nidadavolu stations lie on Howrah-Chennai main line.
It was built after Taichung Line, which is also known as Mountain Line.
The Neihu Section began revenue service on July 4, 2009.
The ruling grade is 11‰, the minimum curve radius is 300 m, and there are 99 bridges) and 13 tunnels).
On 28 December 2010, it became the 17th zone of the Indian Railways.
Since mid-December 2010, an hourly service has been operated on the Oldenburg–Bad Zwischenahn route by the Bremen S-Bahn.
If found feasible, the project would be expanded into a 6.9-kilometre intracampus loop.
During 1992 it was electrified, which made expensive and time-consuming locomotive changes in Oldenburg unnecessary for the route to East Frisia.
The CMP subsequently implemented Line C as line 14.
On 31 July 1859, services opened on the 6 km long route that, for the most part, followed the northern bank of the river Main.
The Cape Cod & Hyannis Railroad was a railroad that provided tourist and seasonal passenger services in Southeastern Massachusetts in the 1980s.
It was originally part of the Drammen Line between Oslo and Drammen which was built in 1872.
The train had a green signal and was traveling at about 60 mph when it hit the switch.
The railway runs parallel to the Ankara-Istanbul high-speed railway and in several sections, the railway hosts YHT high-speed trains.
The Hamley Bridge-Gladstone railway line was a railway line on the South Australian Railways network.
The Hisatsu Line is a railway line in Kyushu, Japan, operated by the Kyushu Railway Company.
The government of Kenya has proposed a rapid rail connection between Jomo Kenyatta International Airport and central Nairobi.
The main shareholders of the company are Niigata Prefecture, the city of Joetsu, the city of Itoigawa, and the city of Myoko.
Line A is one the busiest lines in Europe with over 1,200,000 passengers per day.
The tract travels along the GST Road from St.Thomas Mount to Villupuram.
The Weißeritz Valley Railway is a steam operated narrow gauge railway in Saxony, Germany.
Today passenger services still run over the rest of the line as part of the West Yorkshire Passenger Transport Executive Wharfedale Line.
Many branch lines of Meitetsu have through services to/from the Nagoya Line.
The Kißlegg–Wangen section is also integrated in the network of the Bodensee-Oberschwaben Verkehrsverbund.
The project was part of a broader development plan for the region.
Chemins de fer des Uele is a 600 mm narrow-gauge line in the north east of the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
The line connects Nishi-Kuwana Station in Kuwana, Mie with Ageki Station in Inabe, Mie, in Japan.
The line links a lower station in the Lugano suburb of Paradiso with an upper station at the summit of the Monte San Salvatore.
The Beijing–Tianjin Intercity Railway is a China passenger-only line high-speed rail that runs 117 km line between Beijing and Tianjin.
The line runs through New Taipei and Taipei and has a terminus in Taoyuan City.
The line is 65.7 kilometres long, with 18 stations.
The railway was rebuilt as a non-electrified, largely single-track line.
Diesel multiple units were introduced from the 1930s.
The line is part of the Network Rail Strategic Route 8, SRS 08.03 and is classified as a London and South East Commuter line.
The Settle–Carlisle line) is a 73-mile-long main railway line in northern England.
The first phase of the line is expected to be completed in 2021.
This railway accepts the Surutto Kansai card for payment, but not the PiTaPa card.
The Antwerp–Lage Zwaluwe railway is an important international railway line running from Antwerp in Belgium to Lage Zwaluwe in the Netherlands.
Promoted independently, it was absorbed by the Caledonian Railway to give access to Dumfriesshire and later to Portpatrick for the Irish ferry service.
The Green Line Rivalry between Boston College and Boston University is named in reference to the "B" Branch, which runs to both universities.
Passenger train services are operated by Arriva Trains Wales between Wrexham Central and Bidston.
The Fremantle railway line is a suburban railway line in Western Australia that connects the state capital of Perth with the port city of Fremantle.
The Berlin S-Bahn [ɛs.baːn] is a rapid transit railway system in and around Berlin, the capital city of Germany.
Peak hour capacity arriving/leaving Euston will more than triple once HS2 is running, increasing from 11,300 to 34,900 each way.
Bidston is an interchange station for Merseyrail services to Liverpool and the Wirral.
Most of the NIMT is single track with frequent passing loops, built to the New Zealand rail gauge of 1,067 mm.
The Inland Empire–Orange County Line is a commuter rail line run by Metrolink in Southern California.
The line was built as double track as there were plans to extend the line up the Holme Valley.
The route is across the relatively flat Çivril plain and passes by Lake Işıklı.
The U8 is a line on the Frankfurt U-Bahn.
The color that represents it is yellow and runs from the north to the east.
The line runs from the English Channel at Par, to the Atlantic Ocean at Newquay.
Ansan Line is a railway line connecting Gunpo to Siheung and a line of the Rapid transit in South Korea.
The Falaknuma - Lingampally route is a rapid transit service of the Multi-Modal Transport System of Hyderabad, India.
The Casarsa–Portogruaro railway is a railway line in Italy.
The line opened on 1 March 1924, and closed on 30 June 1959.
Part of the Valley Metro public transit system, it serves the cities of Phoenix, Tempe, and Mesa.
It connects the upper part of the city, at Piazza Roma, with Catanzaro Sala via an intermediate stop at Piano Casa.
The line is planned to be inaugurated in two phases.
The Metro 3 is the longest line of Budapest Metro.
Commuter services along the line through operates into Seoul Subway Line 1.
In 1942, the Kolsås Line became a branch.
The Avocet Line is the railway line in England connecting Exeter with Exmouth.
Delhi Suburban Railway is a suburban rail service operated by Northern Railway for the National Capital Region.
Empty City network and Traveltrain sets also use the line to access the Normanby train washing facility and the Mayne locomotive and electric depot.
There were about 252,310,000 passenger journeys in 2011/12 on the Northern line, making it the second-busiest line on the Underground.
However, it is the least used line in the system with only 247,500 passengers a day, peaking at 385,500 on 5 May 2014.
Bilbao's Tram, or Line A, serves twelve stations, several of them with interchanges and connections with Metro Bilbao, EuskoTren and Cercanías Bilbao.
A trip from one end to another takes 41 minutes on the Ampang Line, and 74 minutes on the Sri Petaling Line.
It is one of the busiest funicular lines in Switzerland, carrying 2.4 million passengers in 2007.
It is now the only operational section of the Central Australia Railway.
India today is planning to start Semi-high speed trains on nine corridors and has ambition to run bullet trains in future.
Trains on the Main Line between Long Island City and Ronkonkoma are governed by Automatic Block and Interlocking Signals and by Automatic Train Control.
The Marwar Junction–Munabao line connects Marwar Junction, on the Jaipur-Ahmedabad line to Munabao, the last station in India, near the India-Pakistan border.
It is commonly called Iizaka Electric Railway or Iiden locally.
The Rodeløkka Line was built by Kristiania Kommunale Sporveie in 1900, and was subsequently taken over by Kristiania Sporveisselskab in 1905.
When completed, the line will be one of the components of the Klang Valley Integrated Transit System.
The full line was closed in 1968.
The Main Line Through Upper Norrland is a 626-kilometre long railway line between Bräcke, Jämtland County and Boden, Norrbotten County in Sweden.
The Rizhsky radius is roughly aligned with a northern avenue Prospekt Mira, while the Kaluzhskiy radius generally follows a southwestern street Profsoyuznaya Ulitsa.
Other parts of West Bengal and Bihar are well-connected to this line.
As a consequence of Japan's declining population and frequent natural disasters, the company is facing financial difficulties.
Most of the corridor also has frequent commuter rail service, operated by the MBTA, Shore Line East, Metro-North Railroad, New Jersey Transit, SEPTA, and MARC.
In March 2012, the Ontario Northland Transportation Commission announced plans to discontinue the Northlander and replace it with bus service.
They are part of the Strathclyde Partnership for Transport network.
Stadtbahn Glattal is the official denomination of this system.
The railway from Rennes to Redon is a regional railway line between Rennes and Redon in Ille-et-Vilaine, western France.
Once this work was finished, the CFM recognised the tourist potential of the line, and the first tourist trains were run.
Line 1 begin operation on 28 July 2011.
The line was opened between 1865 and 1868.
The Eastern Goldfields Railway was built in the 1890s by the Western Australian Government Railways to connect Perth with the Eastern Goldfields at Coolgardie and Kalgoorlie.
It will eventually run from the Guangzhou Science Town to Nansha.
First announced in the 11th Five Year Plan by the Chinese government.
At Salisbury, the line intersects with the Wessex Main Line.
The North Central Service serves O'Hare International Airport, but a limited number of trains.
The majority of the line was once the main line of the Lehigh Valley Railroad.
The railway is built to withstand an 8.0-magnitude earthquake.
The trains running under the East Coastway name serve stations between Brighton, Lewes, Eastbourne, Hastings, Ore and Ashford, together with the branch line to Seaford.
All the limited express trains on the Shinonoi Line come from the Chūō Main Line: Azusa and Super Azusa from Tokyo and Shinano from Nagoya.
While freight traffic was discontinued in the 1990s, there has been growth in passenger demand.
Main destinations such as Rangsit, Ayutthaya, and Lopburi.
Unit coal trains are very common on the Columbus Subdivision, but a large variety of commodities travel along the line.
The Namba Line is an underground railway line owned by the Kintetsu Railway in Osaka, Japan, and opened in 1970.
Delhi-Kolkata high-speed passenger corridor is one of the route of the proposed high-speed rail in India.
Services on the line use Class 142, Class 150 and Class 156 DMUs.
This was decided in November 2007 by the national government after a roadmap outlined in 2005 by Morocco's rail company ONCF.
The Donghae Line is a railway line connecting Moryang Station/Busanjin Station to Pohang Station in South Korea.
Two branches were added in the west, to Poissy and the new town of Cergy-Pontoise, and in the east to the new town of Marne-la-Vallée.
The line is 39.4 km long and has 35 stations.
During the first few weeks of service after the hurricane, the stations at Christopher Street and 9th Street were closed due to overcrowding concerns.
The FL6 is a regional rail route.
Line 2 might be the most important metro line in the Wuhan Metro system for being able to carry the heavy cross-Yangtze traffic in Wuhan.
Operated by Sri Lanka Railways, the line includes some of the busiest rail services in the country.
The Leipzig–Großkorbetha railway is a double track electrified in the German states of Saxony-Anhalt and Saxony, which connects the city of Leipzig and the Thuringian Railway.
The Österlen Line runs from Ystad Station, where it is a continuation of the Ystad Line.
It runs for about 2 mi along Main Street, with 13 stops in Downtown Memphis.
The Butetown branch line, also known as the Cardiff Bay Line, is a commuter railway line in Cardiff, Wales from Cardiff Bay and Cardiff Queen Street.
The Tōhō Line is a rubber-tyred metro line in Sapporo, Hokkaido, Japan, operated by Sapporo City Transportation Bureau.
Its proposed right-of-way alignment is along Aguinaldo Highway from Niog in Bacoor to Governor's Drive in Dasmariñas.
The route is divided into two parts over two different railway lines:
It joins the village of Laxey with the summit of Snaefell, at 2,034 feet above sea level the highest point on the island.
South of there, the line is electrified with third rail, serving suburban stations located relatively close together.
In October 2016, a "scaled down" plan was published with a target commencement date "in 2020".
Since 2004 this section has been leased to and operated by RailAmerica's Chicago, Fort Wayne and Eastern Railroad, with NS retaining trackage rights.
It has Tian'edang Parking area in the line.
In 2015, Amtrak said that damage done to the existing trans-Hudson tunnels by 2012's Hurricane Sandy had made their replacement urgent.
The railway branches off the Adana–Nusaybin railway at Toprakkale and heads south along the northeastern coast of the Mediterranean in the province Hatay.
Officially, the Riverfront Line is designated Route 2 and is designated with a blue color on most RTA publications.
West of 36th Street, the IND 63rd Street Line splits off both pairs of tracks, entering Manhattan via the 63rd Street Tunnel.
The Southern California Association of Governments did leave a small portion of the route – from Anaheim to Ontario – in their 2012 transportation plan.
The first 13 miles from downtown Denver to 124th Avenue in Thornton is under construction as part of the FasTracks expansion plan.
It continues to be an important part of the so-called Saxon-Franconian trunk line from Dresden to Nuremberg.
Keifuku Electric Railroad Co., Ltd. is a railroad company based in Kyoto Prefecture, Japan in operation since March 2, 1942.
That, because there is another station on the line called Canzo station and Canzo-Asso is next to Asso's boundary and serves this commune too.
The Churnet Valley line was one of the three original routes planned and built by the North Staffordshire Railway.
The current contract continues until December 2026.
It passes through the village of Intragna and carried over 1 million passengers in 2010.
The Colico–Chiavenna railway is a railway line in Lombardy, Italy.
The Negishi Line is a Japanese railway line which connects Yokohama and Ōfuna stations.
The Johor Bahru–Singapore Rapid Transit System is a planned rapid transit system that would connect Singapore and Johor Bahru, Malaysia, crossing the Straits of Johor.
The name of the line comes from the original plan to construct a line linking Tokyo with Jōshū.
The original scheme is addressed as the "swap scheme" for distinction.
The latter was closed in 1967, following the closing of a mine which had used it for iron ore and a reduction in lumber transport.
The line was completed to Gjøvik in 1902.
The train service is operated by Northern.
A full funding grant agreement with the Federal Transit Administration for the first phase of the project was received in November 2007.
By March 1880 the total route length reached 2,210 kilometers, with a main parallel route in the south via Bromberg and Thorn to Insterburg.
The 60-mile line was built in the 1830s, and links the city of Newcastle upon Tyne in Tyne and Wear with Carlisle in Cumbria.
Laheys Tramway was a private timber railway in South East Queensland, Australia.
It is named after its yellow and red colours, derived from the Catalan flag.
The line was envisioned as a major relief line for the overcrowded Line 4 and more direct link to the Financial Street commercial district.
The Maizuru Line is a 26.4 km railway line in Kyoto Prefecture, Japan, operated by the West Japan Railway Company.
It complements the Trambaix that runs to the north-west of the city.
The Collonges-Fort-l'Écluse – Divonne-les-Bains railway is a French railway line linking the Lyon-Geneva Railway from a junction near Collonges to Divonne-les-Bains.
The line reuses parts of the old Rome-Pantano railway, a light railroad that is the last remaining part of the Rome-Fiuggi railway.
It opened in stages between 1888 and 1916, and was, between 1903 and 2004, the only narrow gauge line of the Swiss Federal Railways.
Zhonghe–Xinlu Line or Orange Line is a line of Taipei Metro.
The Berlin–Hamburg Railway is a roughly 286 km long railway line for passenger, long-distance and goods trains.
Midtown Direct service was restored from Dover to New York on November 12, 2012; service to Hoboken and west of Dover resumed on November 19.
From 2015 is used only as a tourist railway and for freight service in the tract Novara-Romagnano Sesia.
The service between Latour-de-Carol and Puigcerdà and onwards to Barcelona is provided by the Spanish Railway for which the gauge is 1,668 mm.
ZELW rolled out the first of 27 trains for the metro on May 16, 2017..
The railway was last used for the Riga–Saint Petersburg service in 1998, after which St Petersburg trains operated via Rēzekne.
Unusually for Switzerland, the line is not electrified, and most trains are operated by steam locomotives.
The length of the railway line was 16 km.
This section includes Arrah-Sasaram and Son Nagar branch lines.
The line is owned and operated by the Frauenfeld-Wil-Bahn AG, forms part of the Tarifverbund Ostwind, and operates as service S15 of the St. Gallen S-Bahn.
The Ellesmere Port–Warrington line operates between the towns of Ellesmere Port and Warrington in the north-west of England.
The line is colored yellow on system maps.
The bridge is tall enough to accommodate a Boeing 747 and an Airbus A380.
The Yamada Line is a railway line of the Japanese private railway company Kintetsu Railway, connecting Ise-Nakagawa Station and Ujiyamada Station in Japan.
On weekdays during peak periods, trains operate twice per hour over the entire route, but in the peak direction only.
The Downtown Line intersects itself at the junction of Bencoolen Street and Rochor Canal Road, near Sim Lim Square.
It runs along the Elbe Valley from Děčín via Bad Schandau and Pirna to Dresden.
After multiple delays caused by the discovery of historical and archaeological finds, the first phase of the project opened on October 29, 2013.
The railway is serviced by KA Commuter Jabodetabek's  brown line.
In 2010, the BNSF Railway Line continued to have the highest weekday ridership of the 11 Metra lines.
On October 26, 2010, shortly before the end of the season, a landslide destroyed the Viaduc de la Clapisse and parts of a tunnel entrance.
A third line is now planned, based on the same rubber-tyred metro technology.
10 was a line operated by the Los Angeles Railway from 1932 to 1946.
Line 19 is a line on the Shanghai Metro that is part of the 2010-2020 Shanghai Metro plan.
Line A used the cars used at its inauguration for just under a century.
On April 26, 2017, Hamilton City Council voted to extend the B-Line to Eastgate Square.
The extension between Frogner and Majorstuen was opened in 1914 in connection with the 1914 Jubilee Exhibition at Frogner.
Old Northport Station was abandoned in 1899, but the Northport Branch was used as a freight line throughout much of the 20th Century.
This railway service covers Delhi, along with the adjoining districts of Faridabad, Ghaziabad and other adjoining places in Haryana and Uttar Pradesh.
Brightline has announced its intentions to expand to other cities once the initial phase is complete.
After repeated delays due to archaeological discoveries and technical issues, service began, initially free of charge, on August 19, 2011.
In 1992, the North-South Line was extended northward to its current terminus at Doraville.
The Kinleith Branch railway line is located in the Waikato region of New Zealand.
The Milwaukee Streetcar is a new modern streetcar line under construction in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, United States.
Journal Square–33rd Street is a rapid transit service operated by the Port Authority Trans-Hudson.
The line opened on May 6, 1895, and closed on June 22, 1958, upon the opening of the Congress branch.
The Rjukan Line and the ferries were operated by Norsk Transport, a subsidiary of Norsk Hydro.
It connects the main two cities in Belgium: Brussels and Antwerp.
It was a good 15 kilometres long and ran from Haßfurt to Hofheim.
The line was not active until the RTM's predecessor agency, the Agence Métropolitaine de transport, resumed passenger service in 2000.
The line is in relatively severe terrain, with a ruling grade of 26‰.
The Dresden park railway is a 381 mm minimum gauge railway in Dresden, Germany.
Construction of the Xiashen Line began on November 23, 2007, and the line entered into operation on December 28, 2013.
Its formal designation is Line 4, and it is the first part of a proposed Yokohama Loop Railway.
Part of the line is under construction and the stations on the extended line are being opened in phases.
The Northwestern Pacific Railroad is a regional railroad that serves the North Coast of California.
First opened in 1995 as a semi-chordial radius it is at present in process of being extended through the centre and northwards.
It is one of the lines of the Osaka Municipal Subway system operated by the Osaka Municipal Transportation Bureau.
It has 34 passenger stations in operation and a total line length of 48.1 kilometres.
It was divided from Bahnstrecke Olomouc–Opava východ at Valšov to the direction of the Jesenik and Rýmařov.
The line opened in 1917, and connected to the Gamleby Line to reach Stortorvet in the city center.
The Sōbu Main Line is a Japanese railway line operated by the East Japan Railway Company in Japan.
The Ozerki line was the first line constructed by the Primorskaya railway in Saint Petersburg, Russia.
which connects Goyang, northwestern Seoul to the city center, Gangnam and southeastern Seoul.
The two-track section west of Queens Plaza is also known as the IND 53rd Street Line.
The first stretch opened on 23 November 1902, and the entire route was operational on October 10, 1906.
It then runs eastwards to Scunthorpe and the Humber Ports of Immingham and Grimsby, with the coastal resort of Cleethorpes as terminus.
It has also been categorized by the American Public Transportation Association as "light rapid rail transit".
The Toei Ōedo Line is a subway line in Tokyo, Japan, operated by the Tokyo Metropolitan Bureau of Transportation.
7, while the Osaka Municipal Transportation Bureau refers to it as Osaka City Rapid Railway Line No.
The centrepiece of the project is a new 15.5 km twin-tunnel rail crossing under Sydney Harbour and through the city to Sydenham.
The Pink Line does not make any 'L' train transfers on the Douglas Branch.
The line opened with the 14 March 2015 timetable revision, with the project costing about JPY40 billion.
Altogether, the two lines operate on approximately 11.9 miles of route.
Though ridership early on was very high, it slowly dwindled to 55,390 in 1948.
In July 2017, the public timetable showed 47 trains leaving Chicago each weekday, of which 31 run to Aurora.
The line opened on 28 March 2004.
KTM Komuter is an electrified commuter train service first introduced in 1995, catering especially to commuters in Kuala Lumpur and the surrounding suburban areas.
Guntakal–Renigunta section connects Guntakal and Renigunta in the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh.
Nanchang Metro Line 1 is the first rail transit line ever constructed in Nanchang and is expected to be operational in 2015.
The total length of this railway line is 325 kilometers.
The first 1.6 kilometres were bored in a tunnel, which allowed for a convenient transfer connection at the Bulvar Dmitriya Donskogo terminus.
The original concession was awarded by the Argentine government in 1872 to John E. Clark for the construction of a railway from Buenos Aires to Chile.
The overall Hanover-Berlin project was carried out as German unity rail project no 4 of the federal transport plan.
The incline's large cars were able to carry both passengers and wagons, and later automobiles.
It ran on tracks shared with the LYNX Blue Line.
Running parallel to the Østfold Line, it will be engineered for 250 km/h.
At Kleine Scheidegg the JB connects with the Wengernalpbahn, which has two routes down the mountain, running respectively to the villages of Lauterbrunnen and Grindelwald.
It connected the city of Taipei with the town of Tamsui.
The East Rail was the only railway line of the Kowloon-Canton Railway Corporation before the construction of KCR West Rail.
The Peterborough–Quorn railway line was a 3 ft 6 in railway line on the South Australian Railways network.
The first train to depart from Kippa-Ring was SMU 285 and 295, with the Prime Minister, Queensland Premier and the first train ballot winners on board.
During times of disruption in the inner south of Brisbane, certain services could be maintained by running through this line.
It is the only rail link to the airport's terminal.
The present terminal stations are Rokujizo Station in Uji and Uzumasa Tenjingawa Station in Ukyō-ku, Kyoto.
Though primarily an industrial railway connecting to the Pujŏn River hydroelectric power plant, it also plays an important role in passenger transportation in the region.
The St. Charles Air Line is a rail line in Chicago, Illinois, partially owned by the BNSF Railway, Union Pacific Railroad, and Canadian National Railway.
The Kongsvinger Line is a railway line between the towns of Lillestrøm and Kongsvinger in Norway and onwards to Charlottenberg in Sweden.
Construction of its second phase was expected to start in 2014 but has unclear funding at this stage.
The original Lehigh Line was inherited by Norfolk Southern Railway in 1999 but it did not included the Manville to Newark tracks.
It is the 2nd longest metro line on the Delhi Metro network.
In 1942 the line was merged into the RhB, but it was never connected to that railway's main network.
The Towada Kankō Electric Railway Line was a railway route operated by Towada Kankō Electric Railway.
A chord was proposed in the late-1970s and parliamentary powers for its construction were received in 1979, but the project was cancelled.
The line does not connect directly with other Kintetsu Lines, however both terminals are located within walking distance of nearby Kintetsu stations on other lines.
Completed in 1859, the line runs 146.8 km.
Since 2006, the system's private owners had been offering various capacity expansion proposals to the DOTC, but the DOTC never acted on these.
The Belfast–Larne line, or Larne line, is a railway line in Northern Ireland, operated by Northern Ireland Railways.
The Tokyo Metro Hanzōmon Line is a subway line in Tokyo, Japan, owned and operated by Tokyo Metro.
The Nanjing–Anqing Intercity Railway is a high-speed rail, passenger-dedicated line between cities of Nanjing, Jiangsu Province and Anqing, Anhui Province, in China.
The franchise ended in 1919 and the company was offered to the City for $1.
The line connects with the Yokkaichi Asunarou Railway Utsube Line at Hinaga.
The name "Very Fast Train" or "VFT" has become a synonym for high-speed rail in Australia, though no subsequent proposal has adopted the terminology.
Proston timber mill and butter factory accessed the line until both closed and only spasmodic grain traffic continued until line closure.
The line first began running from Jincheon to Jungangno on November 26, 1997.
The regional and suburban passenger service is provided by Trenord Srl which works under a service contract negotiated with Regione Lombardia for period 2009–2014.
It was opened on 23 September 2009 and was later extended on 27 September 2010.
Zhonghe–Xinlu Line or Orange Line is a line of Taipei Metro.
It is the slower of the two main rail routes between Leeds and Manchester, and the northernmost of the three main trans-Pennine routes.
With express trains eliminated, stopping services at the village stations en route were improved, and have retained a similar frequency to this day.
It was constructed between 1899 and 1900 in the Dutch colonial age, during which it was also known as the Banten railway.
The two-station eastern end of this route was delayed due to issues over crossing Union Pacific Railroad tracks, but eventually opened in January 2017.
The Gallipoli-Casarano railway is an Italian 22-kilometre long railway line, that connects Gallipoli with Casarano and Gagliano del Capo.
It will have 22 new stations on 21.7 km of track.
The Goldsworthy railway, owned and operated by BHP Billiton, is a private rail network in the Pilbara region of Western Australia built to carry iron ore.
The Red Wharf Bay branch line was a standard gauge railway line in Anglesey, Wales, a branch off the Anglesey Central Railway.
The railway was opened in several stages between 1861 and 1929.
Kakhovskaya Line is a line of the Moscow Metro.
Also it serves as an extension to the East Coast Main Line and the Cross Country Route.
It was opened on 30 October 2002.
At Bad Nieuweschans, a connection with the German railway network is provided through the Ihrhove–Nieuweschans railway.
Odense Letbane is a planned tram system in Odense, Denmark.
The line is now closed between Auch and Vic-en-Bigorre and remains open to freight trains between Agen and Auch.
In 1935, the first extension of the Røa Line proper was made, when the line was extended to Røa.
Construction of Line 2 began in 2010.
Although the Luzhou Line is technically only the section from Daqiaotou to Luzhou, the Xinzhuang Line section is commonly included as part of the Luzhou Line.
It also included the first standard gauge railway tunnel in continental Europe.
It opened in 1863, closed to ordinary passenger services in 1952, and closed completely in 1966.
It is operated by the Swiss Federal Railways
Aŭtazavodskaja Line is a line of the Minsk Metro.
The railway from Saint-Denis to Dieppe is a French 161-kilometre long railway line, that connected Paris to Dieppe on the English Channel coast.
It was the primary local district service for the Southern District, which also included the Long Beach, San Pedro, Santa Ana and Whittier lines.
The bridge, constructed from 1911 to October 1914, had 10 spans of Australian hardwood on steel and reinforced concrete piers.
The line extends 27.8 km from the city of Fukui to Mikuni-Minato station at Sakai with a total of 22 stations.
The Ammersee Railway is a 54 km long single-tracked main line in the provinces of Swabia and Upper Bavaria in southern Germany.
Trains usually start from and terminate at important stations.
It was an express train with limited stops between Chicago and the Twin Cities.
The line opened as a 1,067 mm narrow gauge railway, and rebuilt to standard gauge between 1913 and 1922 [1].
The first section of the line, from Gällivare to Luleå, opened in 1888.
The line was electrified in 1922, as the first line on the national network to be electrified.
Opened in 1891, the Montesanto Funicular carries over 4 million passengers per year.
Journal Square–33rd Street via Hoboken is a rapid transit service operated by the Port Authority Trans-Hudson railroad.
The Itsukaichi Line is a railway line operated by East Japan Railway Company in Tokyo, Japan.
Together with the Belgian railway line 161 and the CFL Line 50), it forms the important rail link between Brussels and Luxembourg.
The 2,127-kilometre long railway line was opened to traffic in 1870.
The first high speed train traveled over this line on June 3, 2014.
The current project is an adapted version of previous proposals to improve rail access to Auckland's city centre since the 1920s.
Most of the line is of single track with passing loops, but the busier section between Bülach and Eglisau is double tracked.
The line extends 52.5 km from Echizen-Hanandō Station in Fukui to Kuzuryūko Station in Ōno with a total of 22 stations.
It connects Akayu Station in Nanyō to Arato Station in Shirataka.
Today the line is owned and operated by BDWM Transport AG, a company that also operates bus services in the region.
They form part of the Network Rail Strategic Route 7, SRS 07.11 and are classified as a rural line.
It then transits the Außerfern area around Reutte, before passing back into Germany in order to terminate at Garmisch-Partenkirchen.
The line was originally opened by the Chosen Government Railway on 10 December 1926.
In its later years, it was operated as part of the metropolitan passenger rail network and served three stations: Cavan, Pooraka, and Northfield.
The Heidenau–Kurort Altenberg railway, also known in German as the Müglitztalbahn is a German railway in Saxony.
The switch at 19th Street and H Street was not replaced in the upgrade, and was abandoned.
The Wetzikon–Meilen tramway was a metre gauge rural electric tramway in the Swiss canton of Zürich.
The Central line is a London Underground line that runs through central London, from Ealing and Ruislip in the west to Epping, Essex in the north-east.
It connects the capital of Lower Saxony, Hanover via Wunstorf, Stadthagen and Bückeburg with Minden, Osnabrück, Amsterdam and the Ruhr.
The line was regauged in 1997 from standard gauge to broad gauge.
Completed in 1866, the line runs 99.3 km.
It has the least traffic of any of the 14 main metro lines.
HBLR has twenty-four stations along a total track length of just over 34 miles and serves over 54,000 weekday passengers.
S-Bahn service on the line is provided by lines S 41 and S 42, carrying 400,000 passengers a day.
With the increase in traffic it became necessary to construct an alternative route.
As one of its last acts the Greater London Council paid for the replacement of two bridges on the line, allowing operations to continue.
The design speed is based on 250 km/h service.
The Gold Line is a light rail transit line in the Sacramento Regional Transit District light rail system.
It will feature a length of about 87 km, operating at a top speed of 140 kilometers per hour using CRH6S EMU trains.
Unlike the rest of the United Kingdom, no railway in NI is part of the National Rail network and none is owned by Network Rail.
The Union Pacific West Line is a Metra commuter rail line operated by Union Pacific Railroad in Chicago, Illinois and its suburbs.
The Corridor is a Via Rail passenger train service area in the Canadian provinces of Quebec and Ontario.
Formal opening took place on 18 June 1838.
The line is known as the Amakusa Misumi Line, Amakusa being the largest centre beyond Misumi served by the line.
The Warminster Line is a route of the SEPTA Regional Rail commuter rail system.
Since 1993 the line is also used by touristic trains on the re-opened line to Malnate.
The southern section, between Ingolstadt and Munich, is 19th-century track.
The loop line then runs north east for several miles until it reaches Northampton station.
The Northern line is one of the two commuter rail lines operated by Merseyrail in Merseyside, England, with Wirral line being the other.
Consequently, local trains are unable to reach Toyohashi, instead, terminate at Ina Station.
These elevations are inaccurate now because the altitude system is now different.
In 2016, the second stage between Treviglio and Brescia has been completed.
The LINK Train is an automated people mover at Toronto Pearson International Airport in Mississauga, Ontario, Canada.
There is a connection to the Rhaetian Railway in Disentis and the Glacier Express runs from Zermatt to St. Moritz, using stock from both companies.
It is owned by the private railway operator Nagoya Railroad and operated as an extension of the Meitetsu Nishio Line.
The railway had no debt when completed.
The Ligne à Grande Vitesse Est européenne, typically shortened to LGV Est, is a French high-speed rail line that connects Vaires-sur-Marne and Vendenheim.
The line was reopened by British Rail and Strathclyde Passenger Transport Executive.
The Southeast Coast HSR Corridor is approximately 1,745 km in length, and crosses three coastal provinces, Zhejiang, Fujian and Guangdong.
Geographically, the Barry branch runs into Vale of Glamorgan territory at the River Ely viaduct 1½ rail miles from the Cardiff West zero.
SüdostBayernBahn is subordinated to DB RegioNetz Verkehr and DB RegioNetz Infrastruktur.
This is to alleviate a surge in passenger traffic at Buji Station, since the opening of the connecting Shenzhen East Railway Station.
The Seibu Sayama Line is a commuter railway line in Saitama Prefecture, Japan, operated by the private railway operator Seibu Railway.
The rail tracks in the section near Qilianshan No.
Keisei Kanamachi Line is a 2.5 km railway line in Katsushika, Tokyo, Japan, operated by the Keisei Electric Railway.
Following deliberations in the Scottish Parliament, the Waverley Railway Act 2006 received Royal Assent in June 2006.
The S30 is a regional railway line of the Zürich S-Bahn on the ZVV.
The name Hornbækbanen refers to the town Hornbæk about halfway between Helsingør and Gilleleje.
It is a part of Network Rail Strategic Route 5, SRS 05.07, 05.08 and part of SRS 07.03.
Its path was not of constant slope but became progressively steeper toward the top, tracing a parabolic arc.
The majority of construction was completed by November 2012.
The route approximates the northeastern coast of the island of Shikoku.
The S-Bahn line connects the Frankfurt City Tunnel to Offenbach Ost and Hanau.
The underground stations have some unique designs as well.
It is expected to reopen in the end of 2012.
Instead the Guangzhou–Qingyuan Intercity Railway started construction and will provide a quicker connection between the two cities.
Its official name is Rapid Electric Tramway Line No.
This is the westernmost railway line in Japan, with Tabira-Hiradoguchi Station being the westernmost station
The line has several branches to settlements on the coast, the ones to Umeå and Luleå being considered part of the line itself.
The Hildesheim loop, also known as the Sorsum curve or the Hildesheim curve, is a 3.7 km long German passenger railway.
The line started construction in 1884, and rapid transit service on the line started on February 23, 1886.
During construction, about 20 percent of the track that had been built directly on the ground had to be redesigned and rebuilt due to frost damage.
An extension westward from Nijō to Uzumasa Tenjingawa began service on January 16, 2008.
Prior to the introduction of the 1970–71 London Midland Region timetable, it was a secondary main line from Liverpool to Scotland, Blackpool, and Yorkshire.
At the very beginning, goods and passengers were carried by steam locomotive trains and then by railcars, nicknamed chanchitas due to their lack of comfort.
The Maidstone line is a railway line in Kent, England.
The P'yŏngŭi Line is an electrified main trunk line of the North Korean State Railway running from P'yŏngyang to Sinŭiju on the border with China.
The line is the only railway line operated by the Tsugaru Railway Company.
It is owned and operated by the Takamatsu-Kotohira Electric Railroad.
Line 1 Yonge–University is the oldest and busiest line of the Toronto subway in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.
It forms part of the network of the Lazio regional railways, which is operated by Trenitalia, and converges on the city of Rome, Italy.
Tracks from Nottingham to Leeds via Barnsley and Sheffield are shared with Northern.
The streetcar goes west on Carlton, which turns into College Street at Yonge Street.
The line has been in full operation since December 2006.
It was owned by Bradford Corporation Waterworks Department and the Corporation also operated its public passenger services.
The 122.3 km-long, twin-track main line is continuously electrified.
The northern part of the line is suburban in nature, and has a regular and busy commuter service into central Birmingham.
The line connects with the Limerick-Rosslare line outside Rosslare Strand.
Sundsvall–Torpshammar Railway Swedish: Sundsvall–Torpshammars Järnväg was a private railway between Torpshammar and Sundsvall in Sweden built in 1874.
It has partly been replaced by a new standard gauge line to Kiato, opened in 2005.
The line will have a total of 20 stations, of which 17 will be underground and 3 will be elevated.
It uses a Marsh rack system and one or two steam locomotives and six biodiesel powered locomotives to carry tourists to the top of the mountain.
Trains ran up the old incline, through the enlarged coal mine tunnel, down the slope and horseshoe curve, and through the valley.
A new classification yard opened at Alnabru in 1970.
Both streetcars end their journey at Broadview subway station on the Bloor-Danforth line.
The travel time between the downtown Minneapolis and downtown St. Paul stops is about 46 minutes.
It is the only B Division line in the Bronx, as well as the only fully underground line in the Bronx.
Was put into operation December 1, 1914.
Both of these stations are also on the Tōhoku Main Line operated by East Japan Railway Company.
This line featured Saturday service from June 2000 until January 2002, when it was cancelled due to low ridership.
The Kitchener line and UP Express will be electrified, although no date has been set.
The line started operations on July 9, 2017.
The line between Bad Nieuweschans and Weener reopened on 5 July 2016, with a bus replacement service in operation between Weener and Leer.
This narrow gauge railway was opened in 1936 to connect tourist attractions and shops near Ramsgate harbour with the new railway main line at Dumpton Park.
786 million will be granted by the government, 512 million will come by private investors and 400 from the city of Milan.
In 1880 the line was extended by 1.7 km to the west.
The line connects the 'Cultural Capital of Jharkhand' Deoghar to the subcapital of Jharkhand, Dumka.
The Mont-Saint-Hilaire Line was operated by the Canadian National Railway between 1859 and 1988.
The entire line was originally the mainline of the Michigan Central Railroad.
The stations between Shirebrook and Whitwell are in Derbyshire.
It runs mainly under Sixth Avenue in Manhattan, and continues south through the Rutgers Street Tunnel to Brooklyn.
It was designed by John H. McRoberts, with a length of 2644 feet.
The Kirkenes–Bjørnevatn Line, or the Sydvaranger Line, is a 8.5-kilometer long railway line between Kirkenes and Bjørnevatn in Sør-Varanger, Norway.
It ran from 1935 to 1963 and spawned a number of "400" trains.
Its name refers to the fact that the line connects several places that play an important role in the Nibelung legend.
The Chiltern Main Line is an inter-urban, regional and commuter railway, part of the British railway system.
The railways were built and owned by Martin & Co., which was a British company.
The Knoxville Incline and the nearby Mount Oliver Incline enabled the development of land in Allentown and surrounding communities on the hilltop.
The line opened in 1848 and it was one of the oldest lines in Germany.
The Highland Main Line is a railway line in Scotland.
Some sections of the line are shared with the Huddersfield and Pontefract lines.
510 Spadina is a streetcar route in Toronto, Ontario, Canada, operated by the Toronto Transit Commission.
Together with the Simplon Tunnel south of Brig, it constitutes one of the major railways through the Alps and an important north-south axis in Europe.
It linked the town of Altdorf with Flüelen, terminating adjacent to Flüelen station on the Gotthard railway.
Services were extended to Redditch in 1980, and to Lichfield Trent Valley in 1988.
The railway line is around 9 km long, and is single track throughout its length.
The Stourbridge Town branch line is a 0.8 miles railway branch line, in Stourbridge, West Midlands, England.
The Shenfield–Southend line is a branch line off the Great Eastern Main Line in Essex, in the east of England.
This line is currently 17.47 km long with 18 stations.
The Jōetsu Shinkansen is a high-speed shinkansen railway line connecting Tokyo and Niigata, Japan, via the Tōhoku Shinkansen, operated by the East Japan Railway Company.
Metrolinx had budgeted $944.5 million from 2009 through 2014 for the design and construction of the line with an in service date of 2013.
The LYNX Blue Line is a light rail line in Charlotte, North Carolina.
It was rebuilt in 1926, when the two-axle cars were replaced by four-axle cars capable of carrying 70 passengers each, and the Abt rail removed.
The Fairmount and Veblen Railway was a short line railroad that operated in Richland County, North Dakota; and in Roberts and Marshall counties, South Dakota.
It commenced from the square in front of Biasca station, had 14 stops, a maximum gradient of 3.5% and a minimum radius of 133 metres.
The Midland line is a 212 km section of railway between Rolleston and Greymouth in the South Island of New Zealand.
Construction of the line was only undertaken because of the efforts of the local communities.
Its stations are numbered with the prefix "H".
However, Anthony Wethered, great-grandson of the first chairman of the company, suggests that it is the name of the line.
Leaving Mühldorf station it runs in an east-west direction to the German-Austrian state border, where it joins the Innviertel Railway.
The Vestfold Line is a 137.79-kilometer railway line which runs between Drammen and Eidanger in Norway.
The first line joins with the Western line at Mahim and terminates at Andheri.
The name of the line comes from Iyo and Sanuki, the old names of Ehime and Kagawa, respectively.
After Hurricane Sandy devastated the PATH system in October 2012, service on this line was suspended.
The Adelaide-Wolseley railway line is a 313 kilometre line running from Adelaide to Wolseley on the Australian Rail Track Corporation network.
It starts in Dublin Connolly station, terminating at Sligo Mac Diarmada railway station in Sligo.
31 stations will be built along the line.
It had a length of 2.773 kilometres, with 11 stops, a maximum gradient of 3.9% and a minimum radius of 20 metres.
Cairo Metro Line 3 is a main line of the Cairo Metro mass transit system in Greater Cairo, Egypt.
From Manukau, the branch connects to the NIMT in the north facing direction only.
This line forms part of the proposed Tobu Nishi-Ita Line which was never completed.
The Humboldt Park branch was a rapid transit line which was part of the Chicago 'L' system from 1895 to 1952.
Plaça de Catalunya station serves as the Barcelona terminus of the line, where almost all its trains either start or terminate.
The name is often applied for the entire route from Bergen via Drammen to Oslo, where the passenger trains go, a distance of 496 kilometres.
It links the Great Western Main Line and the south to the Chiltern Main Line and the Midlands.
The line was opened between 1884 and 1885 by the Hollandsche IJzeren Spoorweg-Maatschappij.
The lines run in an east–west direction between the Gandak and India–Nepal border, covering North Bihar west of the Kosi river and eastern Uttar Pradesh.
A station at Montréal-Pierre Elliott Trudeau International Airport would serve as the terminus of one of the four branches.
It connects Shinonoi Station in Nagano with Shiojiri Station in Shiojiri.
Santiago Metro Line 4A is one of the five lines that currently make up the Santiago Metro network in Santiago, Chile.
It remains the only mainline track not wholly owned by the State.
Opening on 30 September 1931, it branched off the Ekeberg Line at Jomfrubråten and had three stops along the 1.5-kilometer route—Ekebergparken, Smedstua and Simensbråten.
From Wicklow on, semaphore signalling was used until April 2008, when the entire line was upgraded to the mini-CTC system controlled from Dublin Connolly.
On weekdays, after 8:30 pm, Red Line shuttle train service operates between North Springs and Lindbergh Center stations only until the end of the service.
The Delhi Airport Metro Express is a Delhi Metro line from New Delhi Metro Station to Dwarka Sector 21, linking the Indira Gandhi International Airport.
Trial service first ran during the Sunday Streets events on The Embarcadero in 2008.
The trolley line began operating in 2004, and cost $56 million to build.
With construction managed by a private company, Taiwan High Speed Rail Corporation, which also operates the line, the total cost of the project was US$18 billion.
Upgrades of Düren–Aachen are planned for the near future.
It was extended from Laura to Booleroo Centre on 13 April 1910, and to Wilmington on 20 July 1915.
It connects Solapur in the Indian state of Maharashtra and Guntakal in Andhra Pradesh.
Every two hours it continues to Rheine.
With the extension opened, the Millennium Line operates between VCC–Clark and Lafarge Lake–Douglas.
There, it enters Blandford Street Portal into Kenmore station, where it merges with the "C" and "D" branches.
The line is single track and electrified.
In keeping with the Taipei Metro's color coding scheme, the Wanda-Zhonghe-Shulin Line will be light green, with stations abbreviated as "LGXX".
Most of the line is on a viaduct over the main eastern railway.
The first segment ran from the East Line segment from Georgia State to the Avondale stations upon the opening in June of that year.
The line runs from CP Port Reading Junction in Manville to Oak Island Yard in Newark.
It then continued along Colletts gate, Geitmyrsveien and Kierschouws gate to Sagene.
The whole length of the line is served by S-Bahn line S 3.
The north section began operation on December 16, 2015, and the south section began operation on December 18, 2016.
It is the oldest suburban line of Chennai, opened in 1931.
Line 1 is an 18-kilometre rapid transit line, part of the Naples Metro in Naples, Italy.
It connects the eastern district of Friedrichshain with Charlottenburg in the west via 11 intermediate stations including Hauptbahnhof.
San Pedro via Gardena was a line of the Pacific Electric Railway.
The section south of Bad Kreuznach is part of the regionally important transport corridor between the two major cities of Mainz and Saarbrücken.
IC3 Oresundtrains are operated by a venture between DSB Øresund and Veolia Transport between Copenhagen and Malmö, with connections to Gothenburg, Kalmar and Karlskrona.
The line does not have an official name.
It was originally built by the Austrian Southern Railway company and ran to Ljubljana and Trieste, the main seaport of the Austro-Hungarian Monarchy.
The railway from Paris to Lille is an important French 251-kilometre long railway line, that connects Paris to the northern French city Lille.
From Oddesund the line cuts through the peninsula of Thyholm and continues through Thy to reach Thisted.
Prior to June 2015, the project was known as the North West Rail Link.
The 179-kilometer-long line forms two Deutsche Bahn routes.
The Western Entrance to the Riedbahn is a 9.5 km-long line in the Germany state of Baden-Württemberg, which was opened in 1985.
The City Rail Link is a rail project in Auckland, New Zealand.
The Namboku Line was the world's first public train to use fuzzy logic to control its speed.
Its route is a rough semicircle between the south-west and the north-east, avoiding central London.
The Akhaura–Laksam–Chittagong line is a railway line connecting Akhaura and Chittagong, via Laksam in Bangladesh.
There it ends in a triangular junction with the Leipzig–Dresden railway, connecting to Riesa and Dresden.
The Waterloo–Reading line is the core of a group of lines and branches heading generally westwards from Waterloo, providing predominantly passenger services into London.
At its south end, CP Nice, the Trenton Subdivision becomes the Philadelphia Subdivision.
Its stations carry the letter T followed by a number.
It extends from Union Station in Toronto to Hamilton, with summer weekend and holiday excursion service extending to Niagara Falls.
There have been proposals to reopen the line either as part of the Jæren Commuter Rail or the planned light rail for Greater Stavanger.
The diesel-powered passenger rail service opened in February 2009 on upgraded existing freight rail tracks owned and operated by the Portland & Western Railroad.
In 1996 The line stopped at Panitya due to gauge conversion at the state border.
The Gößnitz–Gera railway is a single-track main line in the German state of Thuringia, which was originally built and operated by the Gößnitz-Gera Railway Company.
The line is 56 km long, of which 42 km are dedicated high-speed tracks.
Vashi was connected in May 1992, Nerul in February 1993, Belapur in June 1993 and Panvel in June 1998.
The Very Fast Train was a proposed high-speed railway between Sydney, Canberra and Melbourne in south-eastern Australia.
This line is 29.42 km long with 24 stations.
The South Side Elevated Railroad was the first elevated rapid transit line in Chicago, Illinois.
The Badner Bahn or Wiener Lokalbahn is a tram-train service in the metropolitan area of Vienna.
The West South Line of Chennai Suburban Railway is the longest line running west-south from Chennai City covering a distance of almost 289 km.
The new line has fewer stations than the old, leaving some towns without a railway service.
It is still in the planning stages and its construction is not guaranteed.
It became fully operational on December 1, 2011.
This 106 kilometres track is part of the Howrah–Delhi main line, Howrah-Gaya-Delhi line and Howrah-Allahabad-Mumbai line.
In April 2013 the public timetable shows 29 trains leaving Chicago each weekday, of which 22 run to Big Timber Road.
It serves seven of Kyoto's eleven wards: Sakyō-ku, Kita-ku, Kamigyō-ku, Nakagyō-ku, Shimogyō-ku, Minami-ku, and Fushimi-ku.
It was inaugurated from 1905 to 1906.
United States Secretary of Transportation Secretary Elaine Chao has called the project 'an absolute priority'.
An additional portion of the line runs from the Ignacio Wye to the edge of San Rafael.
Trains reach speeds of up to 300 kilometres per hour on section 1 and up to 230 kilometres per hour on section 2.
It was built by the PLM and opened on 9 May 1864 to link Valence and Grenoble.
An industrial siding to the „Inntal“ industrial estate branches off at the eastern end of Töging station.
The Keisei Oshiage Line is a railway line in Tokyo, Japan, operated by private railway company Keisei Electric Railway.
The line was 1.6 km in length, and featured three stations, two of which were newly constructed.
It is part of the Kolkata Suburban Railway system and is under the jurisdiction of Eastern Railway.
It would then, turn east for one block.
The tolls collected have been used to operate the Silver Line and to improve amenities at stops.
The proposed financial structure also requires investments by the governments of Quebec and Canada.
It connects Chiba Station in Chiba to Awa-Kamogawa Station in Kamogawa, passing through Ōami-Shirasato, Mobara, Chōsei, Ichinomiya, Isumi, Onjuku, and Katsuura.
Electrification occurred in 1899, with a further extension to Grefsen Station in 1902.
The Allersberg-Express, a RegionalBahn shuttle service, is operated between Allersberg and Nuremberg.
The railway from Bordeaux to Irun is an important French 235-kilometre long railway line, that connects the southwestern city Bordeaux to northern Spain.
Using most of the trackbed of the former Oldham Loop Line which closed in 2009.
The Exhibition railway line is a special-purpose railway line in Brisbane, the state capital of Queensland, Australia.
The branch is approximately 4 1⁄2 miles in length.
An 85 km link is planned which would connect the North-South railway with the port at Jubail.
The branch leaves the main line at Pirbright Junction near Brookwood, Surrey and was electrified during the late interwar years by Southern Railway.
The route is operated by DB Regio using class 643 diesel multiple units at hourly services with additional services in the peak hour.
The total length of the line between Antwerpen-Berchem and Gent-Dampoort is 55.8 km.
The line was opened in two stages between 1875 and 1876.
The Heartland Light Rail System was a proposed light rail system for Kansas City, Missouri.
Both networks will be interconnected through Avinguda Diagonal in the next construction phase.
It is located in Hsinchu County, Taiwan.
The number of passengers on it increased because the integration to the Tamanduateí's station.
The Gmunden Tramway, located in Gmunden, Austria, is the shortest and oldest remaining tram system in Austria.
However, BMT radio frequency B1 is used on the elevated portion of the line south of Church Avenue.
A branch line runs from Kami-Sugaya Station to Hitachi-Ōta Station in Ibaraki Prefecture.
A second phase of construction extended this line from Tianjin to the Binhai New Area subdistrict of Yujiapu was opened on September 20, 2015.
Both passenger and Freight services run on the line.
It is operated by the Austrian Federal Railways and frequented by international trains, including the Orient Express.
Together with the Moura line the two railway systems are known as the Capricornia Coal Chain.
The Confederation Line will be part of the O-Train network operated by OC Transpo along with the existing diesel-powered Trillium Line.
The line is shown with a pictogram of waves, or distinguished with blue from conifer or green Kōya Line.
Opening in 1989 with three stations in Downtown Jacksonville, the Skyway was extended in 1996 following a conversion from its original technology to Bombardier Transportation equipment.
The peat railway was opened in 1967, and has a total length of 16 kilometres and is operational as of 2016.
The line links Linthal Braunwaldbahn station, on the Swiss Federal Railways' Weesen to Linthal line, with the car-free resort of Braunwald on the mountain above.
All stations were unattended by staff members.
The line fills a gap between the existing Vantaankoski railway station and Tikkurila railway stations, travelling in tunnels underneath the airport.
Following a change in State Government, the project was cancelled in March 2015 and replaced by a new Cross River Rail proposal.
In December 2009, services of line S 5 of the Rhine-Neckar S-Bahn were extended over the railway.
It connects the Brenner railway at Innsbruck and the Innsbruck bypass with the line to Kufstein, connecting with Germany, Salzburg and eastern Austria.
However, the new section may use bus rapid transit instead.
An additional bridge will be built across Hangzhou Bay for high-speed rail, providing a direct link between Shanghai and Ningbo before 2020.
Early on, the railway was scheduled to open in June 2012; later, the end of 2012 became the target date.
The Marsden Point Branch is a proposed branch line railway in the Northland Region of New Zealand's North Island.
Another branch line to the former fertilizer plant of AEVAL is disused.
The coastal branch lines of Hualien and Taitung were discarded after the broadening plan in 1982.
Line A is the oldest line of the Buenos Aires Underground.
The Termoli–Venafro railway is a railway line in Molise, Italy.
It was part of the Transit City proposal announced March 16, 2007, to be operated by the Toronto Transit Commission.
The first section of the line was opened in 1848 and is one of the oldest lines in Germany.
Its route is similar to the Rheintal/Walgau Autobahn from the border between Lindau and Hörbranz to Bludenz, where it connects to the Arlberg Railway.
The ARLT system would have been implemented along two new lines in the Greater Toronto Area.
Conversely, the route on the Tumen River's bank along the national border is comparatively flat.
The Keihin-Tōhoku Line officially follows portions of the Tōhoku Main Line and Tōkaidō Main Line.
The colour of Batong Line that is shown on maps, like that of Line 1, is red.
In 1916, the line was extended to Tryvann, with the last 1.4 km being used for freight only.
The Line is planned to be opened in stages between Dec 2017 to Mar 2018(except Nizamuddin to IP Extn.
The Eastern Line serves the hourly L22 lines of the Oslo Commuter Rail, operated by the Norwegian State Railways.
It is also called the Staatslijn A in Dutch.
The Croton–Harmon station divides the line into two distinct segments.
The Great Western main line is a main line railway in Great Britain, that runs westwards from London's Paddington station to Bristol Temple Meads.
It had a length of 11.9 kilometres, with 49 stops, a maximum gradient of 7.5% and a minimum radius of 25 metres.
The Tongi–Bhairab–Akhaura line is a railway line connecting Tongi and Akhaura, via Bhairab Bazar in Bangladesh.
The Ringerike Line is a proposed 40-kilometre extension of the Bergen Line from Hønefoss to Sandvika, Norway.
The line formerly included an additional kilometre of track to Gracefield Freight Terminal, where it connected to a network of industrial sidings in nearby Seaview.
It is part of the Great Northern Route services and operates as the south-eastern branch of the East Coast Main Line.
If the point lies on the conic section, its polar is the tangent line to the conic section at that point.
The first section of the line, as far as Pontypridd, is historically part of the Taff Vale Railway, from Cardiff to Merthyr Tydfil.
The Lumding–Sabroom section is a railway line under Lumding railway division of Northeast Frontier Railway zone of Indian Railways.
For this reason, Line A might also be considered the continent's first "light rail subway".
The Belgian railway line 124 is a railway line in Belgium connecting the cities of Brussels and Charleroi.
Suburban services terminate at Sullurpeta and MEMU services operate to Bitragunta.
It ran from Stortorvet in the city center along Akersgata and Ullevålsveien through the neighborhood of St. Hanshaugen.
The company was founded on 24 July 2012, and has its headquarters in Toyama, Toyama.
It incorporated the St Helens and Wigan Junction Railway.
The route serves the northwestern section of Philadelphia with service to Germantown, Mount Airy, and Chestnut Hill.
Passenger services are operated by Great Western Railway using Class 165 and Class 166 diesel trains.
Its first segment, linking Turku to Karis, was commissioned in 1895, and work began the following year.
The Sanin Main Line is a railway line in western Japan, which connects Kyoto and Shimonoseki, Yamaguchi, operated by West Japan Railway Company.
The Chard branch lines were two lines serving the town of Chard in Somerset, England.
KTM Komuter contributed RM151.5 million to group revenue in 2016, carrying a total of 41.469 million passengers.
It is a busy commuter line and is also known for its "Romancecar" limited express services.
It was constructed using the cut-and-cover method, and went into service on 2 May 1978.
It, together with Line B, were the inaugural lines of the Lyon Metro.
The high anticipated demand prompted planners to suggest the line to use high capacity 8 car type A trains.
The new links are expected to account for 15 percent of public transportation in the Kowloon East Development.
The New Jalpaiguri–Alipurduar–Samuktala line is a railway line that connects New Jalpaiguri with Alipurduar and Samuktala Road in the Indian state of West Bengal.
The MAX Green Line is a light rail route in the MAX Light Rail system in Portland, Oregon, United States, extending to Clackamas, Oregon.
It connects Nakamura Station in the city of Shimanto with Sukumo Station in the city of Sukumo in Kōchi Prefecture.
The Wengernalp Railway is a 19.11 kilometres long rack railway line in Switzerland.
The Merrill Railway & Lighting Co was set up in 1889.
The Kakhovskaya Line is the only conventional line that lacks a full transfer to the ring line.
In Malmö, the City Tunnel connects the railway directly to Malmö C.
The line is 14.2 kilometers long, and runs in a tunnel through the city center between Lindevang and Amager Strand.
The Kyoto Line is a Japanese railway line owned and operated by the Kintetsu Railway, a private railway operator.
MAX was an instant success, with ridership on the first MAX line increasing more than 50%.
The Karlsruhe–Basel high-speed railway, called the Ausbau- und Neubaustrecke Karlsruhe–Basel in German, has been under construction since April 1987.
The Lycabettus Funicular is a funicular railway to the top of Mount Lycabettus in the Greek capital city of Athens.
Some services along the line continue to Morecambe or Carlisle.
This is followed by St. Koloman station, opened on 1 June 1890, and Aufhausen station, which since 1972 has been incorporated in Erding.
CAF handed over the first train to the Saudi Railway Company in September 2015.
The Rio Mulatos-Potosí line is a railway line in Bolivia, containing Cóndor station, the world's ninth highest railway station.
The Himi Line is a 16.5 km railway line in Toyama Prefecture, Japan, operated by West Japan Railway Company.
The R Line or Aurora Line/I-225 Rail is a Regional Transportation District light rail line that opened on February 24, 2017.
Since the closure of the railway from Pau to Huesca via Canfranc in 1970, it is the only railway crossing the Pyrenees main chain.
The line had up to ten daily round trips with diesel multiple units, until passenger traffic was terminated in 1955.
Line 3 is also the world's busiest monorail line with a daily ridership of over 675,000 passengers per day.
The services are operated by Northern and the majority continue on from Newcastle to the MetroCentre and a few to Carlisle.
The Shanghai–Wuhan–Chengdu passenger-dedicated line is one of the Four east-west high-speed rail corridors outlined in China's national high-speed rail plan.
The line starts at Kyoto Station and ends at Sonobe Station.
The Skøyen Line is a tramway line running from Slottsparken to Skøyen in Oslo, Norway.
The Chief Engineer to the project was Lt Col Arthur John Barry.
It owns a railway line of only 8.9 km between Sursee, where it connects to the SBB-CFF-FFS network, and Triengen.
On line maps, stations on the Tanimachi Line are indicated with the letter T.
The underground line was the first to connect the prefecture of one of the new departments of Île-de-France.
Officially known as the Newtown and Flushing Railroad, the line was chartered in 1871, but was only in service from 1873-1876.
The line has been closed for good between Leipzig Hbf and Leipzig-Stötteritz in November 2012.
The term Light Metro was applied to these new projects, as it would feature a continuous elevated structure.
The J and Z trains serve the entire length of the Jamaica Line, and the M serves the line west of Broadway Junction.
During overnight periods, streetcars operate every 30 minutes as the 304 King of the Blue Night Network.
The Hajipur-Muzaffarpur-Samastipur-Barauni section is a railway line connecting Hajipur to Barauni Via Muzaffarpur ,Samastipur the Indian state of Bihar.
An extension of the line to Draper began service on August 18, 2013.
The railway's main purpose was to transport chemicals from Norsk Hydro's plant at Rjukan to the port at Skien, in addition to passenger transport.
The line later expanded all the way to Buffalo, New York and then to Jersey City which was later retracted to Newark.
The 27.6-mile line runs from downtown Boston, Massachusetts through the towns of Braintree, Weymouth, Hingham, Cohasset, and Scituate to the Greenbush neighbourhood in southern Scituate.
The Stuttgart-Untertürkheim–Kornwestheim railway is an 11.5-kilometre-long freight bypass in the German state of Baden-Württemberg.
It is also a popular skiing area.
The government awarded the largest ever public-private partnership contract to the consortium Infraspeed until 2030; it is responsible for design, construction, financing and maintenance.
It also had a track connection with another metre gauge rural tramway, the Uster-Oetwil-Bahn, at Langholz.
A major portion of this 581-kilometre long track, from Nagpur to Kazipet, is part of the Delhi-Chennai line.
It was electrified from Paddington to Heathrow Airport in the late 1990s.
The corridor currently serves mostly low-income and working-class communities.
It was built to carry epsomite from a deposit in the Owlshead Mountains to a siding of the Trona Railway.
Orange Line service began on November 20, 1978.
It runs from Berlin to Werneuchen and formerly extended via Wriezen to Jädickendorf.
Communities such as Flisa, Kirkenær and Roverud grew rapidly because they received stations.
The driverless system transports passengers along Concourse A of the airport's Edward H. McNamara Terminal, which is the world's second-longest airport concourse.
Between 1922 and 1930, the Truxtun Avenue section was removed, and the line terminated at Oak Street.
The design speed will be 350 km/h between Nanchang and Ganzhou.
The line was built in 1950-1954 as a circle route orbiting central Moscow, and became crucial to the transfer patterns of passengers.
The first section, which is designed for speeds up to 220 km/h, was opened on 26 November 2012.
It is hoped by the end of the ensuing summer to have the rails laid to the junction with the Pukemiro collieries line.
The western terminus was originally the Rotterdam Maas station.
The branch line connects the town of Dachau on the Nuremberg–Munich high-speed railway with Altomünster.
It connects Downtown and Channelside to the historic Ybor City district.
The 14 km, 17-stop route is to extend from McMaster University to Eastgate Square.
Service was suspended from 7 July 2012 to 22 January 2013 due to technical problems.
The second segment, extending the train to Terminal 3 opened on December 8, 2014 
As of 2007, it is the only surface trolley line in the City Transit Division that is not part of the Subway–Surface Trolley Lines.
Previously before 15 December 2015, the northern terminus of this line was Batu Caves.
The Garfield Park Branch was a rapid transit line which was part of the Chicago "L" system from 1895 to 1958.
The original line to Pythio is still used for connections to Greece.
The E Embarcadero is a light rail line that is the San Francisco Municipal Railway's second heritage streetcar line in San Francisco, California.
All stations on Line 8 are underground.
The S12 and S11 are regional railway lines of the S-Bahn Zürich on the Zürcher Verkehrsverbund, Zürich transportation network.
In October 2011, Wandsworth Council announced a revised plan called Airtrack-Lite.
Most of the electrified zone has four tracks, usually two express and local tracks in each direction.
The service stopped running in the early 2000s as the number of available light rail vehicles went down due to maintenance issues.
The line will link the Wuzhong District, Suzhou Industrial Park, and the Suzhou New District.
The line was extended to Trosterud in 1974, to Lindeberg and Furuset in 1978, and to Ellingsrudåsen in 1981.
All traffic ceased on 1 January 1937 and the track was demolished shortly afterwards.
The Main Street Line is concurrent with the Riverfront Loop for almost all of its length.
The Skøyen–Filipstad Line is a 2-kilometer long railway line between Skøyen and Filipstad in Oslo, Norway.
The NorthSide Corridor is a proposed light rail route for the St. Louis Metrolink light rail system in St. Louis, Missouri, United States.
Originally intended as the first stage to connect Ålesund, and possibly also Molde and Kristiansund, no extensions have ever been realized.
The southern part of the line was opened in 1902 to Frogner.
East from there the Long Beach Branch parallels the Montauk Branch to Lynbrook, where it turns south toward Long Beach.
Towards its northern end, the Rheinfall railway crosses the Rhine on a viaduct adjacent to the famous Rhine Falls, from which it takes its name.
Together with other improvements and maintenance, the Kirkkonummi–Karis track received its overhead lines in 1992.
As a result, the tunnel was opened a year after the rest of the line.
It ran nearly due east from Trona, for a distance of about 28 mi.
It connected Maeyachi Station in Ishinomaki, Miyagi to Kesennuma Station in Kesennuma, Miyagi.
South of Koppang Station standard gauge was taken into use from 1931, north of there from 1941.
Flagler originally visited Florida to aid with the health issues faced by his first wife, Mary.
The Manassas Line is a Virginia Railway Express commuter line that extends from Washington, D.C. to Bristow, Virginia.
The line has been known by several names, including Hutt Park Line, Hutt Industrial Line, Gracefield Branch, Gracefield Industrial Line and Gracefield Industrial Siding.
The Eastleigh–Fareham line is the railway line from Eastleigh to Fareham in the United Kingdom.
Line 5's color is      maroon.
Completed in 1851, the line runs 59.5 km.
The station building itself has been restored and is used as a museum.
The line was opened in four stages between 1907 and 1925.
Because of that, the line runs beneath existing roads and totals 28.3 km.
Trains on the Manchester, Sheffield and Lincolnshire Railway line from Sheffield Victoria and Guide Bridge used the Loop to access Manchester Central railway station.
Before German reunification, the line was also served by express trains, but it is now mainly used by regional and international freight traffic.
It is an important link between the cities in the western and northern part of the Netherlands, and the Limburgish cities of Maastricht and Heerlen.
At Orselina there is a connection with the cable car to Cardada, which in turn connects with a chairlift to the summit of Cimetta.
Between Mannheim and Rastatt it runs parallel to the Baden Rhine Railway.
The northernmost section from Skørping to Aalborg is also served by the Aalborg Commuter Rail.
The railway line was opened on 4 December 1882, in order to provide a second access to the Gotthard railway.
Train services are operated by Northern between Barrow-in-Furness and Lancaster or Manchester Airport.
The section became a part of the Chūō Line, however is still owned by OTS.
The line has been declared a strategic European route and designated a priority Trans-European Networks route.
The Brenz Railway, also called the Brenz Valley Railway, is a single-tracked, non-electrified main line from Aalen to Ulm in southern Germany.
The Main North Line is a major railway in New South Wales, Australia.
The Silchar–Sabroom section is a railway line under Lumding railway division of Northeast Frontier Railway zone of Indian Railways.
It is also one of two surviving inclines from the original 17 passenger-carrying inclines built in Pittsburgh starting in the late 19th century.
It was known as the East Coast Main Trunk Railway until 2011, when the word "Railway" was dropped.
The Sangū Line is a railway line run by Central Japan Railway Company, connecting Taki Station with Toba Station in Japan.
This southern segment would help augment the existing 192 Airport Rocket bus service.
The line runs from Riesa via Döbeln to Chemnitz and is part of the Berlin–Chemnitz route.
The line's name is an abbreviation of the two areas the line connects: Saitama and Tōkyō.
It connects the cantons of Zürich and Thurgau, Switzerland, with some services extending to the canton of St. Gallen.
The service uses the pre-existing 22 miles Escondido Branch trackage of the San Diego Northern Railroad.
The Hunsrückquerbahn is a deactivated railway located in the Hunsrück region of Rheinland-Pfalz, Germany.
The line started operation on 10 September 2016.
The majority of jobs, however, will continue to be located within Minneapolis and Saint Paul.
The public timetable also showed 47 trains arriving in Chicago each weekday, of which 29 start in Aurora.
The same type of vehicles are also found at Denver International Airport, Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport, San Francisco International Airport, and Tampa International Airport.
It was part of the Transit City proposal announced on March 16, 2007.
Since the opening of the Yamagata Shinkansen on July 1, 1992, the Fukushima–Yamagata section is sometimes referred to as the Yamagata Line.
InterCityExpress trains reach the tracks' 300 km/h speed-limit.
The railway was opened in several stages between 1847 and 1893, when the section from Limoges to Brive-la-Gaillarde was finished.
Its two termini are Gare d'Austerlitz and Boulogne – Pont de Saint-Cloud.
The Wenhu Line was formerly named the Muzha–Neihu Line, colloquially shortened as the Zhahu Line before October 8, 2009.
It was built as part of the Ludwig South-North Railway, one of the oldest lines in Germany.
The Ebbw Valley Railway is a branch line of the Great Western Main Line in South Wales.
It was purchased by the East Lancashire Railway the following year and opened to traffic on 2 April 1849.
South of Kazusa-Ichinomiya is single track, and north of Kazusa-Ichinomiya is double track.
Line 10 is the world's longest subway loop line and one of the longest entirely underground subway lines requiring 104 minutes to complete one loop.
The line is currently owned by Florida Central Railroad, who transports freight along the line.
It had 17 stops, a maximum gradient of 6% and a minimum radius of 80 metres.
The stretch of track runs from Shaftholme Junction north of Doncaster, via Askern, Norton and Womersley to Knottingley, where it joins the Pontefract Line.
This means transfer between other lines at Tokyo Station can take between 15 and 20 minutes.
Today it is only served by trains running as far as Köln Messe/Deutz station or Trier Hauptbahnhof.
The Bari–Barletta railway is a regional railway line in Apulia, Italy, managed by the private company Ferrotramviaria.
There were no services on the Polonnaruwa-Batticaloa stretch of the line between 31 October 1996 and 12 April 2003 due to the civil war.
The gauge is 1,067 mm, two sections of the line have double track and the line is electrified at 1,500 V DC.
Both long-distance and regional services operate on the line.
The southern part of the line is operated by RATP, the northern part by SNCF.
The docks were always overshadowed by Bristol and Avonmouth docks.
The DCL comes under the aegis of the Tees Valley Rail Strategy, whose aims are to enhance services in the region.
A rapid transit corridor is proposed along Steeles Avenue in Toronto, Ontario, Canada, which would be operated by the Toronto Transit Commission.
The extension will add 11.37 km of line to the already existing 17.7 km.
At its two ends, the Taebaek Line connects to the Jungang Line and Yeongdong Line.
The Metro Area Express is the bus rapid transit service run by the Kansas City Area Transportation Authority in Kansas City, Missouri, United States.
Non-passenger trains such as the "DFDS Freight Train" from Ballina–Waterford avoid Kilkenny by using the "Lavistown Loop Line" which joins both lines going to Kilkenny.
In 1886 it followed the section from Belluno to Camposampiero.
As on the Main Line, trains are powered by diesel locomotives operated push-pull, consisting of Comet, or in some cases, Multilevel coaches.
The line originally ran 90 kilometers north from Arendal to Treungen and the lake Nisser, but the upper-most part has been removed.
There are 40 railway stations from Khanewal Junction to Wazirabad Junction.
The Pingtung Line is a line of the Taiwan Railway Administration Western Line in Taiwan.
Between Frankfurt Hbf and Frankfurt-Höchst, they run on the former Hessian Ludwig Railway line.
DMRC reinstated the 80 km/hr speeds on the line in mid-2014.
Today the line is owned by the Zentralbahn railway company, which also owns the Brünig line.
The Green Line service operates between Bankhead and Edgewood / Candler Park stations all day until 9:00 p.m. on weekdays only.
Its start station is Sevnica, and its end station is Trebnje.
It is a fully electrified, triple line section from Mughalsarai to Dehri-on-sone and double line section from Dehri-on-sone to Asansol.
The average distance between stations is 7.1 km.
The Asker Line will improve regularity, and capacity will increase from 12 to 26 trains per hour in each direction.
The Key System also provided commuter rail service between San Francisco and the East Bay over the Bay Bridge.
It is the newest line in the system.
It is estimated that on average about 22,000 passengers travel on an FR2 train each day.
The system opened on October 6, 2011, and is used to move passengers between Central Terminal B and Concourse B.
Ihrhove is situated on the north-south Emsland Railway, between Papenburg and Leer.
This line will run along Hurontario Street.
The Red Line is the 28.3 kilometres north-south mass transit line of the Kaohsiung Mass Rapid Transit in Kaohsiung, Taiwan.
Remnants of the line are still present in the Jamaica Yard.
The coastal section between Zhunan and Changhua is known as Coastal Line and is 90.2 km long.
The project is administered by the Maryland Transit Administration.
The Hamm–Warburg railway is a 131 km long main line railway in the German state of North Rhine-Westphalia.
The cost of construction was around ₹415 lakh.
The railway splits into two branches towards the south and has direct trains throughout to London termini.
The Ingolstadt-Treuchtlingen Railway, also known as the Altmühlbahn is a railway line in the German state of Bavaria.
The train began operations in 2013 and transports tourists through the valleys of Baekdudaegan.
The name of the hill derived from a short-lived settlement of Poor Clares earlier in the century.
The Hakozaki Line is a subway line, which forms part of the Fukuoka City Subway system in the city of Fukuoka, Japan.
In 1992, freight services were terminated, and due to low ticket prices and high operating costs, the line was nearly closed.
The T&NO streamlined three P-14 class 4-6-2 Pacific locomotives and painted them and their Vanderbilt tenders in Daylight colors.
The White Line was a short-lived branch of the Long Island Rail Road in western Queens County, New York.
In 1972, all passenger traffic ceased and the line between Bellinzona and Castione-Arbedo was closed, whilst freight traffic continued on the rest of the line.
The Ordsall Chord is a short railway line under construction in the Ordsall area of Greater Manchester.
The Pennsylvania Railroad's new hub in Manhattan, Penn Station, could now be accessed by the subway.
The Ronkonkoma Branch is a rail service operated by the Long Island Rail Road in the U.S. state of New York.
As of 2008 the State Government has ruled out the project due to cost concerns.
The line begins in Disentis in the canton of Graubünden, where there is a connection to the Rhätische Bahn.
These two corridors constitute the 'Main' Line.
It was originally built as two separate lines, the Glion–Rochers-de-Naye Railway and the Montreux–Glion Railway.
The East-West Corridor of the Lucknow Metro is an under construction metro route of mass rapid transit system in Lucknow.
All weekend trains run through to Elburn.
The first part of it was opened in 1845 and is one of the oldest lines in Germany.
The line is about 67.1 km long.
During the morning rush hour, the Kwun Tong Line utilises 34 trains on the tracks and keeps a 2.1-minute train interval.
At the fair, which was held each April, a lady would release a cuckoo from a basket, it being supposedly the 'first cuckoo of spring'.
Trains from the Tamsui run directly onto the Xinyi section.Trains run on 2 routes: Tamsui-Xiangshan and Beitou-Daan
It is one of three planned rail lines under Klang Valley Mass Rapid Transit Project by MRT Corp.
Opened in 1938, chronologically it became the third line.
Built by John Endres in 1870, it is the oldest continuously operating funicular in the United States.
The Bantan Line is a railway line that connects Himeji and Wadayama station in Asago City, Hyōgo Prefecture, Japan.
Currently its only function is to provide access to the Hutt Workshops.
The first segment ran from the Garnett to the North Avenue stations, although the Peachtree Center opened the year after as an infill.
This line also has the fastest journey times between two German cities with average speeds of around 190 km/h.
The Lehrte railway has a maximum speed of 200 km/h on the busy line between Hanover and Oebisfelde, which forms part of the Hanover–Berlin high-speed line.
Of the lines total length, all but 100 metres ran in the street.
In particular the section between Markt Schwaben and Ampfing is one of the busiest single-track lines in Germany.
The Jurong Region MRT Line will be the seventh Mass Rapid Transit line in Singapore.
Although Labor's Sydney Metro proposals were not revived, an alternative rapid transit system was proposed by the Liberal/Nationals government elected in 2011.
The CRT was an amalgamation of several elevated railroad operators, each of which operated service in a particular section of the city.
By 2017, Line 8 is expected to reach Wufutang in the southern suburbs of Fengtai District and have a total length of 46 km.
The line's nickname is the Yūyū Abukuma Line, taken from the Abukuma River that flows nearby.
Three other branches were later built: the Brevik Line, the Tønsberg–Eidsfoss Line and the Holmestrand–Vittingfoss Line.
It is the first fully new section of railway line constructed in Auckland since the Eastern Line in 1930.
It was originally envisaged as being completed in 2008, but no final date for completion is now envisaged.
Line 13 of the Guangzhou Metro is a rapid transit rail line under construction in Guangzhou.
The Karasuma Line and the Kyoto Line connect at Kyoto and Takeda.
It opened in 1868 as the New Canaan Railroad.
The Keihin-Tōhoku Line, is a railway line in Japan which connects the cities of Saitama, Kawaguchi, Tokyo, Kawasaki, and Yokohama.
The Hadfield–Glossop line is a railway line connecting the city of Manchester with the towns of Hadfield and Glossop in Derbyshire, England.
Like all but one of the other Milan suburban railway service routes, it is operated by Trenord.
The Musashino Line is a railway line operated by the East Japan Railway Company.
It was one of the first railway lines in the Electorate of Hesse and in Germany.
The trains remain operated by the Norwegian State Railways, while the line itself is owned and operated by the Norwegian National Rail Administration.
TC used POC tracks to reach Tulle.
It previously was treated as the last phase of Line 9.
It is 41.2 km long and follows the course of the Main on its north side, in some parts quite close to it.
The Darmstadt–Worms railway is a standard-gauge railway that is now partially closed.
The line branches from the Illawarra line at Unanderra and winds west up the Illawarra escarpment to join the Main South line at Moss Vale.
The entire line, including all track and stations, is underground, making it the longest fully underground rapid transit line in the system.
The line is owned by the Migros group, better known for operating supermarkets throughout Switzerland.
The line connects Mino-Ōta Station in Minokamo with Hokunō Station in Gujō.
The line was designated a national project on 22 March 2012.
The 331 km line passes through the fringe areas of West Bengal, a portion of Santhal Parganas in Jharkhand and the Gangetic Plain in Bihar.
The railway first opened in 1923 as a two-section railway, and the system was overhauled in 2010.
It branches from the Common Tunnel at Majorstuen and runs 6.0 kilometers to Sognsvann.
The Kißlegg–Hergatz railway is an 18.589 km long standard gauge main line in the Allgäu in the German states of Baden-Württemberg and Bavaria.
In 2015, the line carried a total of 12.4 million passengers.
It is owned and maintained by Rail Net Denmark and served with passenger trains by the Danish State Railways.
Despite public support of the railway proposal, sufficient funding was never obtained and the proposals were abandoned.
The Vevey–Montreux–Chillon–Villeneuve tramway was a metre gauge electric tramway in the Swiss canton of Vaud.
The Main-Lahn railway, also called the Limburg railway, is a double-track, electrified main railway line in Germany.
The Red Line Mass Transit System Project is a planned commuter rail system to serve the Bangkok Metropolitan Region.
The S8 service of the S-Bahn Rhein-Main system bearing the KBS number 645.8
The Green Line runs through north downtown to Township 9, Natomas, and is projected eventually to reach Sacramento International Airport.
The Carnarvonshire Railway was a railway connecting Caernarvon railway station with Afon Wen.
M2, officially referred to as the M2 Yenikapı – Hacıosman line, is a 23.5-kilometre, 16-station rapid transit line of the Istanbul Metro.
The Pasadena Short Line was a line of the Pacific Electric Railway, running from 1902 until 1951, between Downtown Los Angeles and Downtown Pasadena, California.
The line is known for its steep climb to the Teutoburg Forest, where a tunnel was omitted for cost reasons.
Servicing 37 stations, the line has 46.4 km of grade-separated tracks running mostly on underground and elevated guideways.
It will connect the provincial capital of Chengdu with south-western cities along the western edge of the Sichuan Basin to Pujiang.
Phase two is split into two sub-phases, phase 2a and phase 2b.
The southern terminus is in Jeongwang 4-dong, Siheung City, and the northern terminus is in Sanggye 4-dong, Nowon-gu, northern Seoul.
Central Funicular connects four stations: Piazza Fuga, Petraio-Via Palizzi, Corso Vittorio Emanuele, and Augusteo at Piazzetta Duca d'Aosta.
A short spur line to Impact, Muang Thong Thani from Si Rat station has also been proposed.
It is operated by the Denton County Transportation Authority and serves Denton County.
It runs between Tsubata Station in Tsubata and Anamizu Station in Anamizu.
The line runs beside the West Coast Main Line for most of its length.
Subsequently, OTP reworked the Gold Line proposal into a new Brown Line following a comparable route.
Newry is on the fringe of the network, being the last stop before the border with the Republic of Ireland.
The towns and villages served by the route are listed below.
The Xi'an–Baoji High-Speed Railway is a high-speed railway between Xi'an and Baoji, in Shaanxi Province of China.
The line was extended to the Spanish border town Portbou in 1878.
The rail link received the final approval of the Scottish Parliament on 28 March 2007, and gained royal assent on 9 May 2007.
It stretches from Kobe west to Himeji via Akashi, Kakogawa and other municipalities in Hyōgo Prefecture.
They are subject to a maximum speed of 15 km/h and the end to end journey takes just under one hour.
As of October 2010, construction was under way, and tenders had been awarded.
The rolling stock was leased from Finnish railways.
Both were constructed by the Poma-Otis Transit Company of Farmington, Connecticut and are operated under the direction of the Metropolitan Airports Commission.
Line maintenance vehicles are stored at Villefranche-de-Conflent.
It runs from Jernbanetorget westwards through the city center of Oslo before serving the neighborhoods of Briskeby and Uranienborg and terminating at Majorstuen.
Preliminary construction of Phase 2 began in 2014 and is scheduled to open in 2019.
The line from Changsha South to Xinhuang West opened December 16, 2014.
The railway is a member of Britains Great Little Railways
The C&NW leased the Omaha Road in 1957 and merged the company into itself in 1972.
Between Bray and Rosslare the line is single track only.
The Kjelsås Line is a tramway line running from Storo to Kjelsås in the northern part of Oslo, Norway.
In the summer services are provided to additional coastal stations such as Newquay.
The service was initially reduced to five trains per day, but by 1992 had been cut to its present minimal level.
The second track was removed by Conrail circa 1992.
Ownership of the line passed into the hands of Conrail upon the latter's formation in 1976.
The service was introduced in 1990 as a temporary measure to reduce congestion during construction work on I-95.
The Elgin and Belvidere Electric Company was a 36-mile interurban line that connected Belvidere, Illinois and Elgin, Illinois.
