New Politics and Lolo were the first acts signed under the new name.
Current artists include Tyga himself, A.E., King Trell, Jess Jackson, CrakWav and formerly Honey Cocaine, and Chris Brown
The label closed in 1994 when Tony Powell became Director, CEO of Pinnacle Entertainment
Afterschool Sound Records is the name of an American record label.
The Solid Doctor - A New Gladstone Bag - album - ST019, 16 December 2013
On 1 March 2017, Billboard magazine reported that Wizkid signed a multi-album deal with RCA Records.
Its sister company is East Asia Record Group Co., Ltd.
It was founded by Kerry Minnear and Lesley Minnear, Kerry being a former member of Gentle Giant.
Artanis Entertainment Group is an American media group specialising in reissues of archival material.
It then changed to a sky blue label, with the same basic printing of Laurie Records, from #3014 thru #3020.
Ductape Records is a Toronto-based independent record label that was spawned from a magazine of the same name in 1997.
He released Hate It or Love It in 2007, under DTP records.
Pork Recordings is a record label based in Kingston upon Hull, East Yorkshire, England, that specialises in electronica, mostly in the downtempo or chill-out styles.
The label is also known as Studio One Japanese official agency.
The Datsuns' debut album was released on 16 October 2002.
The "Yung Gunz" name was later dropped due to a conflict with another group of the same name, but different spelling.
The label became defunct in 1998 after Kramer's legal suit with Ann Magnuson dried up most of his finances.
Philadelphia International Records has been mostly defunct since 1987, and finally shut down in 2001.
Lyric Street Records was an American record label of the Disney Music Group that specialized in country music.
Under that label, they have released original works of music, some of which are related to their shows on Adult Swim.
Gdansk, which released electronic based artists and Root 8 which specialized in world music.
In June 2013, mau5trap partnered with Astralwerks, a subsidiary of Universal Music Group.
Juan Atkins did most of his work for the label under the pseudonyms Model 500 and Infiniti, and will occasionally use such names for live acts.
Most of the label's releases belong to the EDM genre.
BIG Music is the exclusive licensee in India to Universal Pictures International, Warner Home Video, Paramount Home Entertainment Global & DreamWorks Animation.
The label moved to Austin, TX in 2005 and then to Seattle, WA in August 2007.
Dixieland Records was a New Orleans, Louisiana based record label of the 1950s that released Dixieland jazz recordings.
RadioContraband is a micro social media company that is format specific to the Active rock community.
The label gave a name to the industrial music genre.
The label financed and booked the Heartbeat Culture Splash Tour, consisting of Michael Rose, Sister Carol, the Meditations, Derrick Morgan, and the S.A.N.E.
Terror Squad is a Hip Hop record label founded by Fat Joe in The Bronx.
128 Records is an independent record label, which began under the name Ingot Rock in Asheville, North Carolina.
Qwest also discovered R&B artist Tamia, who enjoyed a long career.
Fat Wreck Chords is a San Francisco, California-based independent record label, focused on punk rock.
In 1965, the company was joined by Art Kass and the record label itself was started.
Capitol CMG is the leader in the Christian Gospel music industry.
XYZ Records was a record label founded by Frank Slay and Bob Crewe, mainly as an outlet for their songs.
This time it was specialized for Rap, Rock & Reissuing its old material.
Lumber may also refer to currently un-needed furniture, as in Lumber room, or an awkward gait, ultimately derived from the look of unfashionable and unwanted furniture.
In 2009, the Gruenrekorder compilation "Autumn Leaves" won the Qwartz Electronic Music Awards.
Blix Street features a diverse group of Instrumental, Vocal, and Celtic albums.
E-Squared may have ceased operations a short time after the death of Jack Emerson on November 22, 2003.
This phase nearly finished the label and it took 18 months out to rebuild and re-launched in 2011.
It is associated with Cadence Magazine and Cadence Jazz Records.
Dim Mak’s current roster includes releases from Garmiani, Ookay, Botnek, Autoerotique, Rain Man, Henry Fong, Morten, Keys N Krates, Dirtyphonics and many more.
In 2003 Kayax have signed to chill out duo 15 Minut Projekt and producer Envee.
The label is very artist-centred, priding itself on building a collaborative rapport with its artists.
It was originally released for Amiga and MS-DOS in 1990, followed by a Mega Drive/Genesis port in 1991.
Jolly is an Italian record company founded in 1958 by Walter Guertler.
A subsidiary of United Records, it was in business from May 1952 to December 1957.
Capitol Latin was a subsidiary of EMI which focused on Latin American music.
Albums were released by Paris Pilot, The Goodees, The Southwest F.O.B.
For example, Glee Cast albums are released by Columbia Records.
First distributed by the Famous Music group of record labels, it shifted distribution to Bell/Arista before folding in 1975.
The band members are known for drastically modifying their instruments or building them from scratch.
It originally began in 2005 as an imprint to release Axwell's own material, however in recent years has expanded and signed many producers.
All of the artists handled by Sony Urban were returned to either Columbia or Epic, with a handful of exceptions.
A 1988 newspaper story gave Steve Lawrence credit for founding Applause Records, saying he did so "out of acute frustration."
Vertical Records is an independent record label founded by Capercaillie member Donald Shaw in 2000, based in Glasgow, Scotland.
Following North's departure, Buddyhead "re-launched" their website and started publishing their Gossip section every Monday.
The label is on stand-by since early 2008.
White Label Music is an independent record label based in the UK.
Polyphon is a disc-playing music box, a mechanical device first manufactured by the Polyphon Musikwerke, located in Leipzig, Germany.
Its most notable signees include Bloc Party, The Cribs, Clap Your Hands Say Yeah, Bright Eyes, My Morning Jacket, Yeah Yeah Yeahs, Best Coast, Los Campesinos!
Slumberland Records is an American independent record label, formed in 1989 in Washington, D.C. area and currently based in Oakland, California.
The label also recognized the value of ethnographic recordings, which were featured on a number of their releases.
and in 2008 it was awarded the Best New Business award alongside its neighbor Manifesto Bicycles.
Some 80 albums were released on Avant before Zorn started Tzadik Records in 1995.
"Craze" officially distributed Hip hop albums of some of the genre's leading artists - Rev Run, Warren G, Usher and others.
Earl Hooker, one of the most well-regarded blues guitarists of his era, was an important contributor to the label.
Acupuncture grew and diminished in popularity in China repeatedly, depending on the country's political leadership and the favor of rationalism or Western medicine.
This independent company traded as the Warner Music Group before being bought by Access Industries in 2011.
From 1990 to 1995, the label was distributed by Atlantic Records.
Restless remained a subsidiary of New Regency until 2001, during which time, Restless released many of New Regency's soundtracks including L.A.
Zéphyr was a Belgian independent classical record label founded and owned by Schott frères, s.p.r.l., a Belgian music publishing and distributing firm.
Plain Recordings - CD and LP reissues of 1980s and later indie-rock and alternative music
Sugar Hill remained in Durham until 2007, when Poss moved the label to Nashville, Tennessee.
The label was founded by Tom Abbs and Adam Downey in 2010 after working for ESP-Disk.
In the late 1970s, Columbia, as a CBS subsidiary, had a distribution deal with SAM for about 18 months.
They are well known for issuing compilations of rare 1980's modern rock and new wave songs, many of which were previously unreleased on CD.
Shemspeed was started in 2007 by Erez Safar.
Genres on the label included punk, rock, metal, hardcore, death metal, industrial and electronic music.
Early releases were mostly recorded in Nashville or Memphis, but carried an address of Memphis, New York City, and Florence.
Antidote became Kids Indestructible and later recorded for Parisian record label Gooom Disques.
Alfa Records Inc.,, was established in 1969 by composer and record producer Kunihiko Murai.
& Rakim, Swans, Steve Earle, and a distribution deal with the Bronx-based hip hop label Strong City Records.
After the collapse of the Cartel in 1989, distribution moved to Polydor Records and subsequently Pinnacle Records.
It is maintained, funded, and run by Marc-Olivier Boileau.
It began as a small label that specialized in compiling and re-releasing "oldies" R&B and rock 'n' roll songs.
Most recently, CI has been the home of bands such as The Pink Spiders, Once Nothing, Sadaharu, Fire Deuce, Albert React and Movies With Heroes.
The label was owned by Raymond Termini, and was disestablished in 2007.
The label has made a statement by focusing on physical formats and quality packaging in a time when more and more labels go for digital solutions.
Trax Records may be best known for inventing the squelchy acid-house sound on tracks like "Dream Girl" and "Acid Tracks."
A key figure in the establishment of the label was Steve Thompson.
Aropa Records is a Dutch record label founded in 2009 by Dutch DJ and producer Dash Berlin.
Flawless Records is a record label formed by Limp Bizkit frontman Fred Durst as a division of Geffen Records.
Alien8 is the record label for the indie-pop band The Unicorns.
Back Beat Records was an American record label launched in 1957 as the Houston-based soul sub-label of Duke Records, when it was run by Don Robey.
The company's logo was designed by Roy Lichtenstein and was his last commission before his death in 1997.
Kemado Records is an American record label based in New York City founded in 2002 by Andrés Santo Domingo and Tom Clapp.
Diwphalanx Records is a Japanese rock music record label, which primarily releases Japanese bands.
Its marketing tag-line was Caedmon: a Third Dimension for the Printed Page.
Waller was signed, and his debut solo album was released on Beach Street in 2007.
In 1999 Snapper broke away from its Palan parent company in an MBO in association with ACT and CAI venture capitalists.
His single "I Can't Quit You Baby" became a hit, spending six weeks in the Billboard R&B chart, where it reached number six in 1956.
It had featured fourteen releases from artists including The Orb, S.E.
The albums were mostly unedited Unrest rehearsals and were not numbered but lettered.
Muse also had another label, Onyx Records, which operated until 1978, when Fields and collaborator Don Schlitten ended their professional relationship.
The label also is involved in producing some of the biggest nightclub events with artists including Oscar G, Chus+ Ceballos and DJ Boris.
The Beautiful Music is a Canadian record label started in 2002 by Wally Salem, specializing in indie pop, and inventing Post Mod, and Janglewave music genres.
The first 7" vinyl release was "Julie and the Porthole to Dimentia" in 1993, which featured a track each by the members of Eric's Trip.
Sooriya Records Sinhalese: සූරිය is a Sri Lankan record label founded by Gerald and Dulcie Wickremesooriya in 1968.
lang, Madeleine Peyroux, The Modern Minds, Staggered Crossing and The Trews.
Melodisc Records was a record label founded by Emil E. Shalit in the late 1940s.
Axiom was a record label founded by musician Bill Laswell in 1989, with the support of Chris Blackwell, founder of Island Records.
Signal 21 Records is a defunct independent record label created by singer-songwriter Richard Marx and Blood, Sweat, and Tears drummer Bobby Colomby in 2000.
8bitpeoples is an artist collective and netlabel centered in New York City that focuses around the 8-bit aesthetic, which is heavily influenced by vintage videogames.
RAS Records, also known as Real Authentic Sound, is a reggae record label.
It is based in New York City.
A number of Allen Toussaint productions were issued on Minit, including hits by Irma Thomas such as "It's Raining".
Chiswick Records was a British independent record label.
The company's extensive collection of music recordings is globally distributed through Villar Records International from offices in Manila, Philippines and in Los Angeles, United States.
World Trip Records, is a Canadian independent record label founded in 2010 in Toronto.
UpFront Records is a record label owned and founded by DeVyne Stephens.
The main groups are Hillsong Worship, Hillsong United, Hillsong Young & Free and Hillsong Kids.
Akon has signed a deal with Columbia Records and Epic Records for new artists signed to Konvict.
Among the types of music released were doo-wop, dance hits, popular/rock, rockabilly, big band, garage rock, soul and novelty records.
Other artists were Hack Swain, Jon and Sondra Steele and The Philharmonics.
In 1934 Champion closed and the trademark was sold to Decca Records, which brought the label back from 1935 to 1936.
As of December 2012 Young Jeezy had officially signed a distribution partnership between his CTE World imprint and Atlantic Records.
It is a specific case of bistatic radar, the latter also including the exploitation of cooperative and non-cooperative radar transmitters.
Founded in 2000, the artist-run label specializes in atmospheric and experimental music.
It was the first Malaysian licensee for many popular foreign record labels, including CBS Records, MCA Records and Kapp Records.
Their first release was the album Prosperous by a young Christy Moore, still largely unknown at the time.
Full Surface Records was a record label founded in 2001, by American hip hop recording artist and record producer Kasseem "Swizz Beatz" Dean.
Chieftain - The War Bonnet EP - EP - ST014, 30 July 2012
Their first release was a cassette compilation called "The Treble Revolution", which sold out in a week.
Its artists have been nominated by Association québécoise de líndustrie du disque in 2006 and 2007 for the Quebec hip-hop album of the year.
Seraphim Records is the sister label of Angel Records.
American indie label Alias Records was formed in 1988 in San Francisco, California, affiliated with Recording Studio SOMA Sync.
V E Records plans to evolve naturally on an artist-by-artist basis.
Their roster includes bands such as Azarath, Behemoth, Christ Agony and other black metal bands.
Swing Time Records was a United States-based record label active in the late 1940s and early 1950s.
Suburban Sprawl Music is an American independent record label founded in 1999 in Livonia, Michigan.
The label was started as a digital distribution only record label to release Yakimick's former bands early recordings.
This series of reissues included by artists including:
Lynx Entertainment released ‘Back 2 Zero’ in July 2011.
Kind Turkey Records is an American independent record label based in Madison, WI.
Founded in July 1999 by Benny Brown, the label specializes in country music.
It is one of Spain's first independent record labels.
Silvertone's discs were manufactured 1916–1928, and then revived briefly in 1940–1941.
In 1996 MacDonald resigned when PolyGram acquired a majority stake in the label, and the label folded not too long afterwards.
Reversed Image’s releases for 2009 include Love Kills by THIS IS A SHAKEDOWN!
In 2012, independent music publisher Reservoir Media Management acquired Philly Groove Records and its sister music publishing company, Nickel Shoe Music.
Black Cloud Music is an American independent music label based in San Bernardino, California.
The label was started by Erik Koppin, who solely managed the label from 1999 until 2004, when the label roster decided to run Suburban Sprawl collectively.
It got to a point where I’d actually rather be his friend than be in business with him."
The latter half of Ruthless' existence was run almost exclusively by Steve Albini and most of the releases were by bands outside Chicago.
Klabin provided further support by creating Resonance Records, where all the artists would be assisted in record production, distribution, and performance opportunities.
Emerald Moon artists annually perform on the Vans Warped Tour, as well as Flipside Festival, The Bamboozle and Hellfest.
The first singles on the label included some by the vocal group the Four Blues, Billy Eckstine, and Benny Carter.
Almighty Records specialises in pop song remixes, dance-pop, and hi-NRG.
Raucous Records is a British record label focusing on rockabilly, psychobilly, rock and roll, and surf music.
Paper ticker tape became obsolete in the 1960s, as television and computers were increasingly used to transmit financial information.
Since 2001, Ad Noiseam has spread CDs and records to end customers, stores and other mailorders worldwide.
as the head of the trance label in order to follow up the success of the Trance Sessions albums.
Ferret Music was an American independent record label, founded in 1996.
They were bought out by Okeh Records.
The label also released the debut album by alternative metal band Helmet, Strap It On, which sold more than 40,000 records.
It was started in Modesto, CA in 1991 to release Trent's band "Pale"'s music independently on cassettes only, garnering them a mention in Billboard in 1992.
It is primarily a Hip Hop/Rap label, and arguably its biggest artist is Edan, who has released two full-length albums to date under the label.
Abandoned Love Records took their name from a Bob Dylan song, titled Abandoned Love.
Verse Music Group is an entertainment company with offices in New York City and Los Angeles.
It is also sublabel of Dionysus Records.
It was started in 1963 to distribute their old 45 rpm records.
Its roster includes Dan Barrett, Ruby Braff, Bob Wilber, Dave Frishberg, and Bucky Pizzarelli.
Basick Records' first release was a compilation album, entitled, "Do You Feel This?
It was a subsidiary of the Philips/Phonogram record label, launched in 1969 to specialise in progressive rock and other non-mainstream musical styles.
The company was acquired by The Orchard in September 2014.
19 Recordings Inc. is a New York-based record label owned by 19 Entertainment.
His collaboration with Doctor P, "Superbad", charted at number 61.
BHi Music Group is based in New York City and is currently distributed through Caroline Distribution, a division of Capitol Music Group.
Other notable local artists released by Missing Link Records include Bleeding Hearts, The Go-Betweens, Whirlywirld, The Laughing Clowns and Dynamic Hepnotics.
“We will keep the same music policy, releasing quality melodic electronic dance music.
In 2005 they made a license agreement with Reach Records' Lecrae.
Chris Takino died of leukemia in 2000.
He subsequently launched his own record label imprint, ARTium Recordings.
Word Entertainment is a Christian faith-based entertainment company based in Nashville, Tennessee.
In September 2007, his debut single "Crank That" peaked at number one on the U.S.
Section 44 Records added Breye Kiser of Provision and Steven Cochran of Eloquent, and Royal Visionaries to its management and A&R team in 2005.
Warner Bros. plans to release the film in the United States on 19 October 2018.
Young American Recordings was an American record label based in New York City.
Red Robin Records was a record label that began in 1951 as "Robin Records" in New York City.
Warcon Enterprises closed its doors in late 2008.
It is noted for being one of the first-ever record labels owned by an African-American recording artist.
In 1998 the label was purchased by Lookout!
Big Daddy Records was the initial distributor but the label switched to distribution by Naxos Records in 2014.
Spice Records Company Limited is a Japanese independent record label.
Releases on Razor & Tie have cumulatively exceeded sales of 45 million physical and digital albums, singles, videos and DVDs.
Releases from this label are very difficult to find.
Texas-West Coast Club Blues featuring Charles with Johnny Moore's Three Blazers, and New Orleans R&B
Scholastic Deth, What Happens Next?, Exhumed, Insect Warfare, Lets Grow, Iron Lung, Threatener, Hatred Surge, and Spazz.
The Cutler - Scimitar - single - 2007
The end of 2007 saw the first EP release, Hezekiah Jones' Come to Our Pool Party.
The collective was founded by its most notable member Nyzzy Nyce, an American Rapper from Fort Wayne, Indiana.
They only carried Christian bands and considered themselves to be a Christian ministry.
Although it focused on the R&B market, its signings included Frank Sinatra, Tevin Campbell, Radiance, and British post-punk groups New Order and Joy Division.
Diva Records was an American record label from 1925 to 1931 that sold records through W. T. Grant retail stores.
The label was formed to give recording freedom to the artists without the pressure of someone telling them they had to sound a certain way.
Compadre’s artists include Billy Joe Shaver, Honeybrowne, Suzy Bogguss, Flaco Jimenez, James McMurtry, Trent Willmon, Hayes Carll, among others.
Established by Dave Bartholomew, it was named after his neighborhood Broadmoor, New Orleans.
A large music clef is faintly seen in the background of the label.
Originally a club night started by Darren J. Cunningham also known as Actress, Ben Casey and Gavin Weale in the early 2000s.
The genre focus is mostly eclectic with a balance between diverse indie rock and experimental electronic music.
Plaza Vea is the Largest Hypermarket chain in Peru with 99 stores in the whole country.
They have featured over 70 releases from such artists as Momu and Digital Witchcraft.
Afterwords was the first album released by the band under an exclusive physical format deal with Target Stores.
It specializes in world music and classical music.
The fate of the Diamond catalog is unknown, but Ronnie Dove's recordings are widely available on CD, mostly from Collectables Records.
Robinson also opened Fury Records in late 1956 and Fire Records in 1959.
There is no connection between this label and the Equator Records of Nairobi, Kenya.
Rephlex Records was a record label started in 1991 by electronic musician Richard D. James and Grant Wilson-Claridge.
Founded in 1978, it specialises in classical music and opera, especially rarely performed works and has produced several world premiere recordings.
Artists who have albums released under the Spooky label include Graveyard Train, Spencer P. Jones, The Beasts of Bourbon, The Drones, Six Ft Hick
The Adolescents, Rikk Agnew, T.S.O.L., the Avengers, and the Flyboys also performed.
signed a solo deal with Atlantic Records.
Their composition "The Loco-Motion", sung by Little Eva, gave it its biggest hit.
The label was taken over by CM Records until the early 90’s, when releases ceased.
It operates as an independent record label, music management, music production and film company based in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania founded by rapper Wiz Khalifa.
It was later bought by Ace Records, England, which uses the label name to release Motown and Northern Soul music.
Located in Cleveland, Ohio, Reversed Image is owned and operated by multi-platinum award winning producer, engineer, arranger, and composer Michael Seifert.
It was founded in 2002 by Angus Keith and Bjorn Hatleskog.
The label continued to release singles until 1970, and albums until 1972.
The cartoon became enormously popular with Chinese schoolchildren after its debut in 2005.
Hamburg Records is a Hamburg, Germany based independent record label and artist management owned by Pyogenesis vocalist Flo V. Schwarz.
Prior to transitioning, he identified as a lesbian and as such, wrote for many years a sex advice column for the gay men's leather magazine Drummer.
Hypnotic Records is an American independent record label specializing in electronic music
Having a long-standing association with Stephen Sondheim, the label has released seven albums of work by the composer.
Zoë Records is an independent record label in the United States.
Rubinson continued to keep an office at the building after he split with Graham.
We like musicians who play well and possess the elusive tonic of personality.
The rest of the releases have been bands I heard or saw that I really liked.
Motor Music is an independent record label located in Berlin, Germany dealing mainly with rock music.
Kahane now manages Bush who he signed to the original label.
By the end of 1986, the only act making money on this label was Lauper.
The label's first release was a compilation called Spinnin' Deep Presents: Tech-House Essentials.
Verve Forecast Records is a record label specializing in cutting-edge material which was founded in 1967 by Verve Records and since been revived twice.
Borealis Records is a Canadian record label, founded in 1996 by four Canadian musicians.
They have since branched out and released the work of instrumentalists from many different genres.
The label is headed by Louis Marks.
The company was reactivated as a record label following Sinatra's death in 1998, releasing several archived live concerts that had been previously unreleased.
The renewed recognition of The Paper Garden has led many music critics to conclude the album is a well-executed piece from the psychedelic era.
The label ceased operations at an unknown point before mid-2008.
Basshunter headlined the tour with acts including Sash!, Lasgo, and Platnum.
Deathwish, Inc. is an independent record label founded by Jacob Bannon of Converge and Tre McCarthy.
AVIE passionately nurtures young, emerging talent and has helped to build the international reputations of several artists.
Tapete Records is internationally distributed by various distribution partners.
Plastiq Phantom is the musical alias of Darrin Wiener who records music ranging a wide variety of genres.
From its beginning, Atlantic Records distributed WMOT's releases, mainly on its Atco subsidiary, but in 1978, Fantasy Records took over distribution as Fantasy / WMOT Records.
EGREM's studios in Havana are still called Estudios Areito.
"The Upsetter" was Perry's nickname after his 1968 single "I Am The Upsetter", a musical dismissal of his former boss Coxsone Dodd.
"'Last Chance' reflects the maturity of my personal growth over the last few years," explains the singer.
Appointed the7stars as their media planning and buying agency in 2007.
NorthernBlues Music is a Canadian independent record label, which specializes in blues music.
Records' de facto in house A&R and production team for many of its releases were Manchester ensemble Chapter And The Verse.
Zoo Records went on to release early work from The Teardrop Explodes and Echo & the Bunnymen.
Other Ray Smith single cuts have been released on CD by London-based Ace Records.
Featured artists included Tech N9ne, Young Buck, Paul Wall and Rich The Factor.
The label's first release was The String Quartet Tribute to Led Zeppelin in 1999.
An interesting blues number is 583, "Crazy Blues", by Salt & Pepper.
Dorsey and Co-CEO Carol Dorsey in Metairie, Louisiana.
In 1995 CMC started a partnership with BMG Entertainment, which in 1999 owned the majority of the company, with founder Tom Lipsky holding a minority stake.
It was launched by Byron Gallimore and Jim Wilkes in 2012.
In 2009, the label officially announced that the label would be going on hiatus, leaving Deas Vail and The Wedding without a label.
Other Virgin acts such as Shyheim, who signed with the label in 1993, were transferred to the new label.
Rephlex coined the term braindance to describe the otherwise uncategorisable output of Aphex Twin and Rephlex Records.
In 1997 Drag City began publishing printed works such as the literary magazine The Minus Times and Neil Hagerty's novel Victory Chimp.
SYR was set up to allow the band to release records by themselves and their friends without the commercial pressures of a major label.
Hi-Fi Centar was a record label based in Belgrade, Serbia.
The label has built up a huge roster of popular club hits and smaller underground classics over 20 years.
Meanwhile, the Esengo firm managed to enlist Joseph Kabaselle's orchestra African Jazz as well as Paul "DeWayon" Ebengo's Conga Jazz creating a remarkable stable of performers.
The single achieved average national radio airplay.
It was founded in 2003 by the sound artists Lasse-Marc Riek and Roland Etzin in Frankfurt am Main, Germany.
Their first release was the eponymous 'Crazy Loop' by Dan Balan's alter ego Crazy Loop in October 2009.
The label was created in 1948 by the Greek businessman Nicolas Jéronimidis, and was active until 1968.
Wesley Eric Weston, Jr., better known by his stage name Lil' Flip, is an American rapper from Cloverland, Houston, Texas.
Originally a tape label releasing anarcho punk, the releases moved towards metal through crust punk and similar forms of metal-influenced English hardcore punk.
Relentless Records is a record label currently headed by co-founder Shabs Jobanputra.
BV2 also published the Finnish edition of Daniel Clowes' acclaimed graphic novel Ghost World.
The first record released on the label was an album by Emil & Friends.
The label's ear logo was copied from the original ffrr logo source.
Eleven Seven Music is a hard rock record label founded by Allen Kovac, who is the CEO of 10th Street Entertainment.
In 1992 she became resident DJ at the legendary Tresor club in Berlin's Potsdamer Platz.
Nelly Kim Furtado ComIH is a Portuguese-Canadian singer and songwriter.
JDC also had a retail record store in San Pedro.
In November 2009 it was announced that Twomey would no long be involved in the label.
Christian music star Rebecca St. James was signed to the label in 2010 and released her ninth studio album, I Will Praise You, the following year.
The signings which resulted from this included Bat for Lashes, Steven Lindsay, Rosalie Deighton, Jacob Golden, Sarabeth Tucek and Forever Like Red.
Blood & Ink Records is an indie, punk, and hardcore record label founded in Richmond, Virginia, in the spring of 2002.
It is best known for being the home of The Cure for over 20 years.
Several of the documentaries on the series Perfiles where directed by Eduardo Montes-Bradley.
He started his work officially as a record label in 2003 and launched a solo career as gospel singers André Valadão, Nívea Soares and also CTMDT.
Transmission Communications is an independent record label based in Brisbane, Australia.
Tru 'Dat' Entertainment also aimed to aid the poor by providing them with opportunities for recruitment at one of their establishments.
The label went out of business in 1928.
Synthetic Entertainment is a concert promotion and music management/booking company focused on industrial, metal, punk and electronic rock music, based in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada.
Regency released a series of singles, and one album in 1972 by a Tennessee garage band Neutral Spirits.
The label was created after he left Murder Inc. Records which he had founded with Irv Gotti and Chris Gotti back in 1997.
In 2015, Reservoir partnered with Drexel University to host Uncovering The Philly Groove, an educational music mixing course at the school.
It was founded in 2000 by record executive & producer Clement "Clemo" Rapudo, together with his childhood friend Paul Nunda a.k.a.
Misra Records is an independent record label based in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
PureSprings Gospel is a gospel music record label by gospel artist CeCe Winans.
With Brunman in charge, it served as an umbrella label for all Sony Music soundtrack releases.
The label also operated a country music division in Nashville; the first act signed was Dennis Robbins.
Diva Records were acoustic through early 1929.
Mukatsuku Records is a record label based out of London, UK, started in 2006 and owned and run by the DJ and record collector Nik Weston.
Track Record Studios is a recording studio, originally established around 1970 and located in North Hollywood, California.
The company operates in Scandinavia with offices in Sweden, Denmark, Finland, Norway and with local distribution partners in Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania and Iceland.
The imprint was started after Alan McGee announced on 25 November 1999 that he was leaving Creation Records, Oasis' original record company.
The first clients of the studio were bands signed with SST Records, whose owner Greg Ginn had made a "bulk recording deal" with Davis.
In 1996, Berry founded Beat Factory Music Inc., a record label division of Beat Factory, distributed by EMI Music Canada and BMG Music Canada.
The label was started in 2010 and owned by Ayad Al Adhamy, who is member of Boston synthpop band, Passion Pit.
It specialises in ska, rocksteady, reggae and dub music.
Savannah Records, in association with WEA Canada, was a Canadian country music record label established by Brian Ferriman in Toronto, Ontario in 1983.
Fever Records was a New York City record label of the 1980s, founded by promoter Sal Abbatiello.
Felt debuted at number 30 on the Billboard Top Heatseekers chart.
Prior to forming Tooth & Nail, Ebel worked for the Christian label Frontline.
Pulsion transmits certain landscape’s rusticity and apathy, a metaphor of the different moods we sometimes succumb to.
Remote Control was set up in 2001 by Harvey Saward and Steve Cross.
Sumerian Records is an American independent record label based in Washington D.C. and Los Angeles.
The labels prominent artists include Bury Your Dead and Silent Civilian.
Idol Street is a Japanese record label and music project specializing in idols.
It was later distributed by RCA until 1999 when distribution moved over to Columbia.
VP Records is an independent record label, located in Queens, New York.
Under the imprint Zyx Classic, ZYX has also reissued on CD some important recordings of classical music, including a Beethoven edition.
MC Lyte's debut album Lyte as a Rock was another success, and is today widely regarded as a hip hop classic.
The label has been described as "significant" in the "punk era".
The label currently has over 30 releases.
Spicoluk started the label when he was 16 years of age.
The label has signed several artists though Winans remains the flagship artist of the label.
In February 2011 Kind Turkey released Kerry Davis' 4th solo 7" under the Two Tears name entitled "Eat People".
Alternative Tentacles no longer owns the rights to Dead Kennedys recordings after a 2000 lawsuit.
It was founded in 1984 as a subsidiary of the production company of the same name owned by actress Mary Tyler Moore.
UMTV has also had success with catalogue campaigns including the Shadows, Status Quo, Tony Christie, Barry White, Sam Cooke and Engelbert Humperdinck.
It was a subsidiary of PolyGram Records and the film company Cinema City.
Innocent Records most notable success during this period was Blue's Simon Webbe's double platinum solo album Sanctuary.
Pneuma Recordings is a drum and bass record label based out of San Francisco, USA, owned by Dj Abstract.
Founded in 1957 as Satellite Records, the label changed its name to Stax Records in 1961.
The label's first releases in 1983 featured pianist Warren Bernhardt, Jay Leonhart, and the group Flim & the BB's.
logo was designed by Aiden Hughes of BRUTE!, who also designed cover art for KMFDM at the time for parent label Skysaw Records.
Ant-Zen Audio and Visual Arts is a German independent record label founded in 1994 by Stefan Alt, who serves as the art director.
In 2003, Savoy Jazz acquired the rights to the Muse catalog from 32 Jazz.
Operation Twilight was a British record label, the UK branch of Belgian label Les Disques du Crépuscule.
The president of the label is rapper Ali of the St. Lunatics.
Victoria Records was started in 1951 by Al Alberts of The Four Aces in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania to release their recording of "(It's No) Sin."
Grinding Tapes releases are usually recognizable due to their unique jacket style, which usually consists of recycled cardboard screen printed with a single-color design.
The iconic Talkin' Loud logo was created by Ian Swift who also designed the magazine Straight No Chaser
MileHighMusic is a London-based independent DIY record label which specialises in independent artists of the songwriter genre.
This particular label, owned by Threshold Media Corp, specializes in releasing quality music from any genre.
The latter company represents artists such as Joan Jett, Ben Taylor and KK.
Most notably, Mightier Than Sword has released two Blink 182 records on vinyl, along with The Ataris, The Juliana Theory, and more.
International highlights include Prince, The National, The Prodigy, Fleet Foxes, The Flaming Lips, Social Distortion, RUSH, Wilco, Lily Allen and hundreds of others.
The first of many retail record stores, called Stan's Record Shop, was opened in 1948.
The recording also featured self-defense instructions led by Anna LoBianco and Staci Cotler, which were included in a 75-page illustrated booklet accompanying the LPs/CD.
Moonshine helped to launch the career of DJ Keoki and his side-kick producer Dave Audé.
Keef also became the CEO of his own record label, Glory Boyz Entertainment, which later developed into Glo Gang.
The Effigies operated the label from its creation in 1981 until 1984, when they found the label to be distracting from their priorities with the band.
62TV Records is an independent record label based in Brussels, Belgium.
The Echo Label was a record label started by Chrysalis Group in 1994, and linked with Pony Canyon in Japan.
They said "We're hugely proud of the work we've done over the past decade and a half.
Other notable releases from Revenant are Harry Smith's Anthology of American Folk Music, Vol.
They are most known for signing 50 Cent and Onyx.
Early signings included the likes of Joshua Radin and An Horse.
Curtom Records was a record label started in 1968 by Curtis Mayfield and Impressions manager Eddie Thomas.
Famous songs include "This Land Is Your Land", "Goodnight, Irene", and "Midnight Special."
Phantom Music was an independent record label established by Kalenna Harper and Tony Vick in 2009, and dissolved in 2011.
Family Records is an independent record label, with a roster of indie rock, folk, and indie pop artists and bands, and is distributed by The Orchard.
Though previously signed acts with RCA Music Group will remain in place.
In November 2006, Amusic caused a stir when it announced it would release 4 new albums on the same day, November 21.
They soon began reissues in West Germany.
It began shortly after 1998, when Lisa Zbitnew became president of its owner of BMG in Canada.
In December 2013, it was confirmed that Embrace had signed to Cooking Vinyl, leaving Independiente with no current artists on its roster.
This chart-topping compilation series of three albums features American patriotic-themed country music.
Cobra was started on Chicago's West Side in 1956 by Eli Toscano, a record-store- and television-repair-shop owner, with help from promoter Howard Bedno.
Capitol Records Nashville is a major United States-based record label located in Nashville, Tennessee operating as part of the Universal Music Group Nashville.
In 1998, ForeFront released a two-CD compilation to celebrate their 10th Anniversary.
Infectious Music was established in 1993 as Infectious Records by Korda Marshall after leaving RCA Records, where he was the A&R manager.
Primary Music is an Israeli independent record label, specializing in World Music, New Age, Lounge and ambient.
Most notably, Phil Elvrum of The Microphones released his critically acclaimed album The Glow Pt.
In April 1949, they famously recorded Lester Williams' song "Winter Time Blues" on their R&B series which became a hit.
Early releases by Your Choice were relatively well-produced compared to other punk live recordings of the time.
The independent label was the former home to award-winning Canadian recording artist Promise.
After Riley left in 1972, the label declined, but it survived into the early 1980s.
FOUR | FOUR is an Australian independent record label.
Their first release was All I Have, a worship album by Rita Springer.
The company focused on producing records targeted at audiophiles.
The name came from the song written by Abel Meeropol and famously performed by Billie Holiday, itself a reference to racially motivated lynchings.
From 1969 to 1971, Era was associated with Happy Tiger, which reissued and distributed some of Era's oldies.
2 and 3, with Vasily Petrenko and the Royal Liverpool Philharmonic Orchestra.
As of late 2016, the site was taken offline with a message that reads, "R.I.P.
The company's slogan is "Africa's No 1 Record Label".
Daemon Records is an Atlanta, Georgia based, not-for-profit independent record label started by musician Amy Ray of the Indigo Girls.
The company is home to several prominent acts in the music industry, including Imagine Dragons and X Ambassadors.
The label also released thrash metal band Megadeth's deluxe and remastered debut album Killing Is My Business... And Business Is Good!
Keynote Records was a record label founded by record store owner Eric Bernay in 1940.
Bulb Records is a Michigan-based record label that was formed in 1993 by Peter Larson, and James Magas.
Pacific Jazz Records was a Los Angeles-based record company and label best known for cool jazz or West coast jazz.
Some of the more notable artists on the label include Baptists, Earth, Om, Goatsnake, Khanate, Obliterations, Pelican, Sleep and Sunn O))), among others.
Luke Robert Laird is an American country music songwriter and producer.
HeartBeat Records was the first recording company in the USA to bring contemporary Christian music to people within the Catholic faith.
It is no longer active, but CD reissues on Virgin still mention the label and have Dindisc catalogue numbers.
It is a subsidiary of eOne Music.
El Cartel Records is Daddy Yankee's record company.
The label was restarted in 2006 by Julie Doiron, Jon Claytor and Paul Henderson.
Bands that have released material on Drag City include:
Pizza of Death is a Japanese record label based in Tokyo, Japan, and was founded by Hi-Standard front man Ken Yokoyama.
The label's albums are recorded at Ardent Studios in Memphis.
This milestone was celebrated by the issuing of Re:Boot, a live album from EBM pioneers Front 242.
Some of the main services are distribution, royalties management, licensing, productions, and creative services.
Over the years, Integrity has also been the UK home for American artists such as Katastrophy Wife and Meow Meow.
Runt also partners with the UK indie label Fire Records to release albums on vinyl in North America.
Releases are usually accompanied by extensive booklets.
Regal Recordings is a British record label functioning as an imprint of Parlophone Records.
The freedom Blackwell gave Laswell gave rise to albums and field recordings that probably would not have been made by a larger label.
CLS Music is a Budapest based independent record label, founded in 2002 as CLS Records.
Warm Fuzz Records is a British independent record label focussing on alternative rock founded by producer Ian Shaw.
Other artists include Tim McGraw, Reba McEntire, and Rascal Flatts.
They continue to be one of the few active experimental labels in the Pacific Northwest.
Its parent company is the Universal Music Group, a subsidiary of Paris-based media conglomerate Vivendi S.A.
New Scotland Records is a record label founded by Canadian Folk Artist Joel Plaskett in 2008 based in Dartmouth, Nova Scotia, Canada.
Bell Records briefly distributed Bigtop prior to the label closing, around 1965.
The label released six albums from Nigerian musician and activist Fela Kuti in January 2011.
During that time, the majority of the European production of disco music came from Germany, France, and Italy.
Previous artists who have had material released through Mythical Records include:
It was formed in 1999 by songwriter Chris DuBois, songwriter/producer Frank Rogers, and songwriter/artist Brad Paisley.
Mr. Lady Records was a San Francisco-based lesbian-feminist independent record label and video art distributor.
It originally began in 1977 as a production company whose artists recorded for Mercury Records before becoming a label in 1981.
His debut full-length Enjoy The Art Of Lying Down was released in 2001 on the Seattle label Neverstop.
Verse owns the catalogues to Golden Records, Linda Laurie, Franne Golde, Camex Music Publishing, Bethlehem Records, Salsoul Records, and West End Records.
Columbia Records is an American record label owned by Sony Music, a subsidiary of Sony Corporation of America, the United States division of Sony Corporation.
It specializes in releasing Saltık's recordings of classical and traditional ethnic and folk music from Turkey and the surrounding region.
X5 Music Group is an independent record label based in Stockholm, Sweden with a branch in Manhattan, New York.
Loch turned it into a jazz label, at first reissuing music he had recorded for Liberty, Philips, and WEA before turning to new recordings.
Their first full scale single release was Twelve by ¡Forward, Russia!
His 1st act after re-gaining the label was, as he did 15 years earlier, signing the Wu-Tang Clan.
In 2006, Slant Magazine ranked the song at number 51 in its list of the 100 Greatest Dance Songs.
The label published many punk groups including Special Duties, The Threats, Deadman's Shadow, Riot Squad and Anti-Pasti.
Channel Classics Records is a record label from the Netherlands, specializing in classical music.
All Trap Music is a music brand founded and curated by Jim Kirk.
Fearless Records' releases are currently distributed nationwide by RED Distribution, but after Concord Music Group take-over, they'll be distributed by Universal Music Group.
I-innovate is a London-based independent record label that diversified from video production into music management from 2009.
Exodus Records was a semi-independent record label started in 1966.
Wabana Records is a small record label in the United States.
International guest artists include Neil Milton, No-way Sweden, Red Martian, Warscapes and Daniel Maze
The label's current roster includes independent acts such as The National, Camera Obscura, Deerhunter, Grimes, Purity Ring and Future Islands.
Since 2004, the Turkish Culture Ministry hands out Kalan CDs to visiting dignitaries.
Stupia, a fan of Burzum, was upset when she heard this.
True Panther Sounds is a New York City-based independent record label founded by Dean Bein and owned by Matador Records and distributed by Beggars Group.
Acupuncture is generally used only in combination with other forms of treatment.
After 2004, Durtro began releasing records under the name Durtro-Jnana, using Revolver USA and Cargo UK for distribution.
It is based in Detroit, Michigan though also has operations in the Netherlands.
aimed at releasing LP's and mixtapes of the label's roster.
It is owned by Warner Music Group, and operates through Warner Bros. Records.
Some of the artists affected by the acquisition were Chicago, Grand Funk Railroad, and Johnny Lee.
Its mission later expanded to cover other Hawaiian musicians.
MCA's country division, MCA Nashville, is a still active imprint of Universal Music Group Nashville.
Ninthwave Records is a U.S. synthpop record label founded in 2001.
East Meets West Music is the official recording label of the Ravi Shankar Foundation.
The bands in their roster were some of the premiere Christian metal bands of the 1990s.
Multi-channel sound recording was introduced in 1972 with equipment purchased from England.
Liz Wendelbo, a member of Xeno & Oaklander, is also a filmmaker, positing "cold cinema" as filmmaking that "predicates resistance to cinema as a virtual medium".
The label's last release was by David "Honeyboy" Edwards in 1978, although Lowry continued recording until 1980 with Cephas & Wiggins.
Industrial Records is a record label established in 1976 by industrial music group and performance artists Throbbing Gristle.
Greedhead Music is an independent record label founded by Himanshu Suri of Das Racist.
Co-defendant Stuart Rawitt previously pled guilty and was sentenced to 5 years in federal prison.
In October 2011, Suspended Sunrise Recordings announced that Murphy Karges has been named the President of Suspended Sunrise Recordings, taking over label operations.
Hellfyre Club is an American independent record label based in Los Angeles, California.
Contrary to the popular belief those artists were not signed to the label.
The label's first releases were in 1956 by local artists Bobby Lowell and The Rock-A-Boogie Boys.
As of now, Jars of Clay and Disappointed by Candy are the only acts signed to the record label.
Sycophant Records was a Nottingham based Independent label that published its first vinyl single release in 1990 for a local band called Meatfly.
Atlantic Jaxx Recordings is a record company founded by dance music duo Basement Jaxx.
Since being founded in 2004, the label has released three albums.
Citinite is a record label launched in 2006.
Murat Boz's show on Star TV and Ayça Tekindor on Kral TV.
In 2004, it was described by Billboard as "one of Chicago's most artful, high-profile indie imprints".
In 2008, they founded the annual Manimal Festival in Pioneertown, California which ran from 2008-2010.
In May 2007, McGee told The Independent newspaper that he was winding down Poptones for financial reasons.
The label was relaunched in 2009 with a new concept.
It is therefore associated with avant-garde jazz and free jazz, although its implications extend beyond these limits.
Carlos Rico Walker, known professionally as Shawty Lo, was an American recording artist from Atlanta, Georgia.
Dale formally discontinued the label in 2010 shortly before his death due to cancer.
Rice Is Nice is an independent record label based in Sydney, Australia that takes its name from Welsh post-hardcore band Mclusky's 2000 single "Rice Is Nice".
Founded in 1999 by rapper and producer Necro, its first release was Necro's debut I Need Drugs.
Pure Steel released the first official tribute to Warlock / Doro Pesch in December 2008.
In 2011, the RCA/Jive Label Group was split in half.
Seligman ran it until 2000 out of London, UK.
By 1981, Stigwood had ended his involvement with the label, which was absorbed into PolyGram a few years later.
The label was founded in Oslo by Robert L. Jomisko, Kristian Møller Johansen and Bård Harazi Farbu in 2008.
Scantraxx Special is a sublabel of Dutch record label Scantraxx.
Soon after that release, The Planet Smashers released their self-titled debut album and The Kingpins released the "On the Run" EP on the label.
Sydney band Crash Politics were the first band signed to rooArt, which released their debut album Mothers' Intention.
99 Records was an American independent record label, active from 1980 to 1984.
In September 2003, having quit her former label, world music singer Suzy established 'Primary Music' as an independent label.
Crescent Records was in the vanguard of an international revival of traditional jazz in the 1940s.
Drakkar Entertainment GmbH, also called Drakkar Records or Drakkar Publishing, is a German record label with its headquarters in Witten.
It is a subsidiary of Prime Ventures, Inc.
Three acts were chosen to launch the label in February 1973: Prog-rock band Kala, Paul Brett and Hunter Muskett.
Moonshine released over 250 compilations albums, many of which were DJ mixed.
The 90's 2-CD collection of the label's output Lost and Found: The Blue Rock Records Story, is out of print but is still available used.
The label regularly holds dance music events around the world - in the UK, Miami and Ibiza.
Black Mark Production is an independent record label originally based in Berlin, later on with offices in Stockholm, Toronto and New York City etc.
Compo established the Apex label in July 1921 in Toronto.
The first release on the label was Red'Out - "Manuella EP".
MCA was dissolved and changed into Geffen Records.
Capitol Music Group is an American front line umbrella label owned by the Universal Music Group.
A distribution deal with MGM Records was later signed, which lasted from 1965 until 1969.
Aarseth was considering signing Rotting Christ, Masacre and Hadez before his death.
is a Polish independent entertainment company which operates as record label, music publisher, management and concert agency.
Founded in 2003 by Miguel Carvalhais, Pedro Tudela, Lia, João Cruz, Paulo Vinhas and Pedro Almeida, it publishes experimental sound and visual artists.
Poe Boy Music Group signed acts such as Flo Rida, J Rand, Kulture Shock, Billy Blue,B.Mckie, Jacki-O,Young GQ, Brisco, Rick Ross, and Brianna Perry.
The label focuses mostly on garage, punk, and rockabilly acts.
the highly regardedcomplete recordings of Bessie Smith,
The label also organizes a number of concerts in Cyprus.
They also have agreements with the label to release its Switchfoot and Fiction Family releases to the Christian market.
It was famous for showcasing the Philadelphia soul music genre that was founded on the gospel, doo-wop, and soul music of the time.
Odd Future Records is an American independent record label founded by rapper and producer Tyler, The Creator of Odd Future in 2011.
Early on, as an indie label, Relativity released music in a variety of styles, including dance, jazz, punk, and progressive rock.
Its last recording was made in 1969.
Nowadays Scantraxx Silver mainly focuses on releasing tracks from upcoming producers, such as Pherato and Devin Wild.
Flynn Adam Atkins is an American producer/singer/rapper originating from Los Angeles, California.
In 2007, Origo Sound was merged into Planet Origo, an Estonian company owned by Norwegian investors, including Harald Lervik.
Fraternity also leased songs from smaller labels, including one track by Jackie Shannon.
The label was launched in September 1990, and was the first label by the Group.
The label also recorded King Curtis, Arthur Crudup, Brook Benton and little George Benson.
The label was sold in 1995 by its then owner, the former Tygers of Pan Tang vocalist Jess Cox, to Sanctuary Records.
Tesco has also organised music festivals in the past such as “Heavy Electronics”, “Tesco Disco” and “Festival Karlsruhe”
It was first started on January 1, 2010 by Bobby Hussy as a music blog.
In 2013 they signed a digital distribution and video deal with Believe Digital.
Rooster Blues was co-founded by Jim O'Neal in Chicago, and initially released 14 albums by South Side blues musicians.
He was also the first president of the Record Industry Association of the Philippines.
Nexus' artists has received numerous awards and certifications.
The label was established in 2012, and currently receives distribution from Universal Music Australia.
Skirl Records is an American record label, focusing on improvised music, run by the artists.
Riot House Records is an independent record label specializing in rock, indie, and punk bands.
The label is named after its out-of-the-box approach to making music, which earned the label the name Madhouse.
The label has had success with a range of artists, including John Mayer, Train, Five for Fighting, Mat Kearney, and Guster.
Cleopatra Records is an American, Los Angeles-based independent record label, founded in 1992 by entrepreneur and music fan Brian Perera.
However, the label is not limited to these genres.
Duophonic Ultra High Frequency Disks Limited, known as Duophonic Super 45s, is a London-based independent record label formed by the British pop group Stereolab.
Art collectable releases can still rarely be found.
It was the first psychedelic trance record label founded in the United States and specializes in the full-on psytrance and outdoor party sound.
It was formed as a joint venture between talent manager Gary Kurfirst and MCA Records, and it is now out of business.
Lightning Records was a record label founded in the 1970s.
Bumstead Records has released records for The Trews, BOY, Yukon Blonde, Glen Stace and Two Hours Traffic.
The label has raised funds and awareness for human rights charities and other causes.
Label founder Whitsett produced albums for singer Jerry Butler and longtime associate Tommy Tate.
It later relocated to Los Angeles in early 2005.
Fullsteam Records has put out almost 200 releases from tens of Finnish artists and bands.
Cher Doll Records is a small independent record label founded in Seattle, Washington by Nancy Ostrander in 1993.
It is named "679" as this was the address of the Pure Groove record shop on Holloway Road.
The remaining artists were forced to seek their own avenue of release.
One side features 3 songs and the other is uniquely handpainted and bears handmade engravings.
Musicians on the label frequently collaborate, creating supergroups such as Holy Molar, Some Girls, and Head Wound City.
In the early 1990s, Fantasy Records bought both Takoma and Kicking Mule from Denson and soon began to re-release selected LPs on CD.
The British label was renowned for its development of recording methods, while the American company developed the concept of cast albums in the musical genre.
In August 2016, Republic Nashville was rebranded as BMLG Records.
Grönland Records is an independent record label founded in London, England, which relocated to Berlin, Germany in 2009.
It is concentrating mainly on reissuing older Psychic TV releases on CD, some of them for the first time.
Later, the label included artists like Dawnseekers and Quietman.
While the original Holland nucleus has dispersed across the country, the community has grown, with new artists and shared projects with other independent labels.
Zion Memorial Orchestra & Tra-La-La Band and Do Make Say Think.
Third Man established its first physical location—a combination record store, performance venue, and headquarters for the label—in Nashville, Tennessee, in 2009.
Sirens, The Motorettes, Prefab Sprout and Kate Walsh have also had chart success in the UK.
After the hits dried up, the label was sold to Imperial.
These albums included the first singles by Kardinal Offishall and Glenn Lewis, both of whom became prominent artists in the 2000s.
Although independent, Carski Rez has occasionally partnered with other music labels for distribution deals.
Prophecy Productions is a German record label located in Zeltingen-Rachtig, founded by Martin Koller in 1996.
Mud Digger Vol 5 was released on May 19, 2014.
The concept of the stock ticker lives on, however, in the scrolling electronic tickers seen on brokerage walls and on financial television networks.
Young Money Entertainment is an American record label founded by rapper Lil Wayne.
Records have been released in different formats such as CD, Vinyl, Cassette and Digital.
In 2000, Heartbeat Records received a Grammy Award for Burning Spear's Heartbeat album entitled Calling Rastafari which has since been deleted from the catalog.
Their first release was Magic Villa by Tomas Rusiak in 2000.
In 2001, Warner Music Group ended its joint venture with Giant, which was absorbed into Warner Bros. Records.
Notable albums released by the label include works by Sun Ra.
Step One Records was an independent American record label established in February 1984 in Nashville, Tennessee.
In 1996, Jet released The Fall's album The Light User Syndrome.
The World Music Network website features news, reviews, live music listings, and guide sections on world music.
The label has re-released some albums previously issued by Hokey Pokey Records which was also run by the Fledg'ling founder - David Suff.
2006-2 CD The Fabulous Thunderbirds, Tacos Deluxe
Dylan Kwabena Mills, better known by his stage name Dizzee Rascal, is an English recording artist, MC and record producer.
Boaz is also affiliated with producer Diplo, with whom he contributes to the DJ group Major Lazer.
From its original inception, the label then headquartered in Eugene, Oregon.
Univision Music Group bought a 50% interest in the company in 2001.
In 1992, Restless acquired the Twin/Tone Records label and classic titles by such artists as The Replacements, Soul Asylum, The Jayhawks and Ween.
In 2008, Jake Cunningham founded an artist management company in New York City, Long Time Management, and currently represents 2011 Uncut Music Award nominee Hans Chew.
In 2015, Verse Music Group was acquired by BMG Rights Management; coincidentally, BMG's parent Bertelsmann owns Random House, the current distributor of Golden Books.
Notable artists that have been signed to Cargo Music include Blink-182, Rocket from the Crypt, Drive Like Jehu and 7 Seconds.
Pinhead Records distributes merchandising articles and CDs by Earth Crisis, No Fun at All, Agnostic Front and Millencolin in Argentina.
It was created to help expose more political punk bands to a greater audience.
In 2000, Heads Up International merged with Telarc International Corporation.
Opus offers management, tour support, Internet and traditional marketing and promotion, long term career and fan building and publishing.
Ruff Ryders is a record label founded by Joaquin "Waah" Dean and Darin "Dee" Dean and Chivon Dean, uncles and aunt of producer Swizz Beatz.
Artists who released records on this label included Element Ethan, Godley & Creme, Rose Tattoo, Phoebe Snow, and Whitesnake.
It had close co-operation with Swedish label Polar and RCA Scandinavia.
The label is now based in Toronto, Nashville and Los Angeles.
Black Sounds - jazz, soul, funk and Brazilian sounds
Ian wanted to create a platform for his high school band "Aneuretical", and others.
The musical and artistic outlook of the label was based on Virginia label Simple Machines founded by Jenny Toomey.
Although the label did not succeed economically, it was an innovative effort on the part of the Bihari brothers to broaden the musical base.
OVO Sound is a Toronto-based Canadian record label founded by hip hop artist Drake, Oliver El-Khatib, and long-time producer Noah "40" Shebib in 2012.
They have released albums by artists including Coma Cinema, Can't Kids, and Those Lavender Whales.
DGC Records is an American record label that currently operates as a division of Interscope-Geffen-A&M, which is owned by Universal Music Group.
It is affiliated with Mardi Gras Records and run by music industry veteran Senator Jones.
Cosloy went on to sign many of the notable acts.
In March of that same year, the Jackson 5 were signed to a contract with Atlantic Records to distribute "Big Boy" nationally.
JDC was known for their "JDC Mixers."
1 on the pop music charts, namely "Rock Your Baby" by George McCrae.
The 6th Pebbles album was actually reissued more appropriately as the 6th CD in the English Freakbeat series, since this LP also featured British music.
John Adams, Laurie Anderson, Kyle Gann, David Lang, Meredith Monk, Bill Morrison, Eric Salzman, John Schaefer, and Elliott Sharp have written introductions for Starkland's releases.
It co-founded in 2002 as Capital Prophets Records by Lebanese-Canadian entrepreneur Wassim "SAL" Slaiby and Palestinian-Canadian songwriter Belly.
It was founded in the late 1970s as a marketing company for the then-unnamed alternative music field, and expanded to issue its own records in 1990.
Golden Era Records are a record label that specializes in Australian hip hop music and is based in Stirling, South Australia, Australia.
The label was formed in 1997 in partnership with the EMI Christian Music Group.
Local success continued well into the 1980s with artists including Stars on 45.
Over a six-year span, the label released at least 100 45rpm records and a handful of LPs.
Neutral Records is an independent record label.
Robert Stewart, who performed on the Pulitzer Prize-winning Wynton Marsalis recording Blood on the Fields, was signed to the label in 1994.
PGP-RTS is a major record label based in Belgrade, Serbia.
EMPIRE has also had several chart topping reggae albums, including reggae artist J Boog's album Backyard Boogie and Shaggy's 2013 release Out Of Many, One Music.
In 2011, Tokyo Dawn Records released two award winning digital audio processors under the sub-label "Tokyo Dawn Labs".
One of the first artists to sign with Qwest was Jones's goddaughter, Patti Austin.
Valcour Records' first release in 2006 was Goin' Down to Louisiana, by fiddle player Cedric Watson and accordionist Corey Ledet.
Also released was a compilation CD and LP: Trim Crusts if Desired.
Other writers added later to the list included Helen Darling, Blaine Larsen, Mandy McCauley, Paul Sikes and Jamie Teachenor.
The label achieved wider attention with the announcement of a tour for well-known American band Trapped Under Ice in 2012.
Founded in 1988 by Tim Austin, the label was shut down in 2004.
DEL Records has launched the careers of chart-topping artists like Gerardo Ortiz, Luis Coronel and Regulo Caro.
George Martin joined EMI in 1950 as assistant label manager, taking over as manager in 1955.
From 1992 to 2002, some of Kalan's output met governmental opposition.
DM Music Group's physical content is distributed worldwide through Warner Music Group.
Ugly Man Records was started as a Manchester-based independent record label, but it is now based in Rhos on Sea.
Wherever it comes from, it's all just music, isn't it?
It was founded in 1993 by Simon Berry, and early releases included Union Jack and Art of Trance.
Fly Eye Records is a record label founded by Calvin Harris in 2010.
"The Only Truth" and "The First Supper" are now available on the Speed Label worldwide.
In 1993 the label partnered with Thurston Moore's label Ecstatic Peace and began releasing records under the name "Ecstatic Yod."
Havoc Records is an underground crust punk record label based in Minneapolis, Minnesota.
In July 2006, Philadelphia songwriter Hezekiah Jones' first album, Hezekiah Jones Says You're A-Ok, was released.
Between 1928 and through 1930, Gennett pressed Supertone Records using their own masters.
The Purchase facilities includes a 48-track studio.
The label is currently distributed by E1 Entertainment Distribution, known as Koch Entertainment until January 22, 2009.
It also maintains the archive of theater soundtracks, via its Masterworks Broadway imprint.
Mark Miller is credited with having "discovered" the band Casting Crowns, and made the band a top priority at his new label.
In January 2016 the label was featured in Austin Monthly.
Zunior.com is a Canadian online independent record label and music store founded in 2004 by Dave Ullrich, formerly of The Inbreds.
The company's office is located in Lindewerra, Germany.
Asbestos Records is an American independent record label in Stratford, Connecticut, United States, founded in 1996 by Matt Flood.
It focused primarily on modern rock, punk and new wave music, paving the way for labels like Frontline Records.
Till 2014 label released over 1500 titles.
Aside from anthologies, it has re-issued performances by individual artists.
Acupuncture is generally safe when done by an appropriately trained practitioner using clean needle technique and single-use needles.
However, PSR claims Apallo will be signing within the first quarter of 2010 after legal issues regarding the contract have been cleared up.
The biggest success was Richard Berry's original recording of his song "Louie, Louie," which came out in 1957.
Merovingian Music has also released records from several legacy acts ranging from Sebastian Bach to Anthony Hamilton via a distribution deal with EMI.
However, by the mid 1980s the label folded, though some of the bands are still touring today.
It's headquarters were located at 573 Castro St, San Francisco, California, Swedosh also owned the Moby Dick Bar located in the Castro district.
Big Star became widely known through 1980s reissues and the long delayed first release of Third/Sister Lovers, recorded in 1974.
Clarke describes that the label was born out of a creative necessity.
In 2013, Polen was nominated at the Latin Grammy Awards with Bomba Estéreo's album Elegancia Tropical as Best Alternative Music Album.
The company was established by German music producer Andreas Tomalla in 1989 and later handed over to producer Torben Schmidt.
The Milwaukee-based label was run by Narada President Wesley Van Linda, who appointed Rich Denhart and Mike Bailey to head Back Porch.
"It's an outlet for records that should and must be heard.
WWE Music Publishing, Inc.; operating publicly as WWE Music Group, is an American record label funded and operated by WWE.
It is well known for its signing with artists such as Los Tigres Del Norte, Los Bukis, Enrique Iglesias, Lucero and Thalía.
Sears claimed and marketed the brand again in 1928.
Sea Gayle Music is also the parent company to the record label Sea Gayle Records.
Sunny Gale had a hit for Derby in 1952 with "Wheel of Fortune", which reached No.
Fogarty's Cove Music is a Canadian independent record label founded by Stan Rogers in 1978, surrounding the production of Rogers' second album, Turnaround.
Most of its recordings have been reissued on CD, and all are now available as downloads.
Douglas Pearce of Death In June coined the company name in 1991, World Serpent being another name for Jörmungandr.
Afternoon Records is a record label based in Minneapolis, Minnesota.
The company was formed in 2006 as an umbrella for various Warner auxiliary labels including East West Records, Rykodisc and Cordless Recordings.
KRU Music is one of the biggest independent labels in South East Asia with offices in Kuala Lumpur and Singapore.
The label was founded in 2002 by Matt Hunt, who had previously operated a small label called Magdalene Records.
It was established in 1994 and was also the distributor of several independent hip hop labels that included Rap-A-Lot.
Curb Appeal Records was an American record label founded in Kansas City, Missouri by The Get Up Kids guitarist and Blackpool Lights frontman Jim Suptic.
SSE's label group included Artemis Records, Artemis Classics, Vanguard Classics, Triloka Records, Tone-Cool Records, Ropeadope and Compendia.
Artists who released records on Cub included the Impalas"), Jimmy Jones, the Stereos, and Jimmy Velvit.
Owned by Parma Recordings, Navona's sister companies via Parma include the Ravello, Big Round, MMC, and Capstone Records label imprints.
It was originally a rarities shop focusing on collectable records and reissues.
Larry Harlow was chosen by Jerry Masucci to produce the band's records while Pacheco acted as director on stage.
Later the label became a home for other "world music" performers.
The record label was created around late 2001.
A curious angle to some of Ben Folds' success actually might have to do with our own ex-local band The Low Road.
BMLG Records, formerly Republic Nashville, is a record label established in 2009 by Universal Republic Records in New York and Big Machine Records in Nashville.
From 1995 to 2000, Massacre Records maintained the sub-label Swanlake Records for its gothic metal and folk metal output.
Subsidiary labels were Startime Records, Jetstar Records and Britannia Records.
Underground Symphony is an Italian record label specialised in metal productions.
At all venues the price of admission was one penny.
Cash Records was an independent record label operating in the 1950s from Hollywood, California.
Later, the label changed to black with a color logo and a distinctive vertical row of colored dots down the middle of the label.
It emerged in the aftermath of the downfall of Man's Ruin Records, the record label formerly putting out Homme's project The Desert Sessions.
Ace Records of the U.K. now owns the tapes.
Proper Music Distribution has won the Music Week Distributor of the Year Award three times, most recently in 2012.
2007 saw Sad Gnome expand, putting out debut singles by Remodel, Joe Rybicki and My Name Is Red.
She won the 2015 Hollywood Music in Media Award in the Best Dance Song category for her song "I Feel Alive".
A series of events to celebrate Sinatra's centenary in 2015 was organised and entitled "Sinatra 100".
It also has offices in Germany, Japan, Canada, and the UK.
Domo is an abbreviation and romanization of the Japanese expression dōmo arigatō, which means "thank you very much" in Japanese.
Since 2015, Marriage Records has been based primarily in Los Angeles, CA under the management of Jimmy Leslie of White Fang, a longtime Marriage collaborator.
In 2006, Chronowax got shut down by V2 Music while being bought by Universal Music.
Dance To The Radio is an independent label in Leeds, UK.
Documenting as far back as the early 80s up to present time.
Beck released a record on Champion entitled "Pipe Dreams" and another, called "Carnival" on the Zil label.
Following Mickey & Sylvia's big hit "Love Is Strange" in 1957, Groove was deactivated and its remaining artists switched over to RCA's Vik subsidiary.
Among the artists featured on the label are OHMphrey, Alex Skolnick Trio, Dave Martone, Kris Norris and Doug Pinnick.
ZickZack Schallplatten is a German record label based in Hamburg.
Rounder Records is an American record label specializing in folk, bluegrass, blues, and other forms of American roots music.
In October 2007, EC Music has released an album consisting of 10 new songs of Sam Hui after his last new album 17 years ago.
The deal centered on new marketing and distribution for Mediaskare artists.
Mediaskare Records is an American independent record label specializing in heavy metal music.
Sutton Records was a budget record label that was sold in outlets other than record shops.
Asfalt Records is a Polish independent record label specialized in hip-hop music.
Rory Records releases are distributed through Equal Vision's distributor RED Distribution.
This was followed by two other theme-based compilations, Extracted Celluloid and Commercial Ad Hoc.
For other record labels named Impact Records, see Impact Records
The label's releases in 2014 included albums by Noctorum, Gino and the Lone Gunmen, and The Forty Nineteens.
Street Soul Productions Is a record label established in 2005.
Discos Fuentes has often been described as Colombia's version of "Motown", peaking in the 1960s and early 1970s.
There are four categories of music they issue:
Roy Wood returned to the label in 1987 to release the single "1-2-3".
It is a part of the Smithsonian's Smithsonian Center for Folklife and Cultural Heritage, located at Capital Gallery in downtown Washington, D.C.
Cosmic Couriers was a German experimental/space-rock label set up by Rolf-Ulrich Kaiser in 1973 following his association with Ohr and Pilz.
The Foreign Exchange is an R&B/electronica/hip hop duo consisting of the American rapper/singer Phonte and the Dutch record producer Nicolay.
In Your Face magazine also came out in 1993 and lasted for 9 issues, it was resurrected again in 1998 and another four issues were released.
The label was named after Ewart Abner who was general manager at Vee-Jay, 1955–1961.
Xtra Mile Recordings are an independent record label based in London, United Kingdom.
Go Down Records is an independent record label based in Savignano sul Rubicone, Italy.
ATMA Classique is a Canadian record label based in Montreal, Quebec.
Tapete Records also contains the publishing company Tapete Songs and booking agency Howdy Partner Booking.
Century Media Records is a heavy metal record label with offices in the United States, Germany and London.
The label branched out into Afro-Peruvian and "Afropean" music with albums by Susana Baca and Zap Mama, respectively.
LoveCat is one of the most active Latin music publishers in the business, with writer-artists from Colombia, Mexico, Spain, and Ecuador.
As well as releasing records, Young Turks throws parties and host radio shows.
The label has grown to become one of the most prominent major gospel labels in its marketplace.
Stones Throw Records is an American independent music label based in Los Angeles, California.
Comedy Central Records is a multi-Grammy Award winning independent record label based in New York and owned by Viacom.
^ "Newly formed Freesolo Entertainment Announces Strategic Joint Ventures With RCA Records/Sony Music Entertainment, Sony/ATV Publishing and Vector Management/Live Nation".
Dim Mak is an independent, Los Angeles, CA-based record label, events company, and lifestyle brand founded by Steve Aoki in 1996.
Rolling Stone has called Heyday "one of the ten most adventurous small labels in the world."
Anticulture Records Ltd was a record label based in Northampton, England which dealt mostly with heavy metal, Industrial and Breakcore music.
However, without a qualifier, isolate is understood to be in the absolute sense of having no demonstrable genetic relationship to any other known language.
Previously called Qualiton, its name was changed to Hungaroton in the mid-1960s, though the Qualiton brand remained as a label for operetta and gipsy music releases.
Zone 4 is an American record label created as a joint venture between the producer Polow da Don and Interscope Records.
In the following 6 years, the artist roster grew to encompass a variety of musical genres; generally falling under the label "alternative rock."
It is considered instrumental in launching the post-hardcore and noise rock genres.
Releases were soon distributed in West Germany, Brazil and the United States.
Top Dawg Entertainment is an American independent record label founded in 2004, by chief executive officer Anthony "Top Dawg" Tiffith.
Cashing in on the cartoon's success, the producer made an animated feature in 2009.
Australian Post-Punk 1978-82 and Songs For Nao.
Fractured Transmitter was a record company started by Jason Popson around the time he departed from Mushroomhead in 2004.
Zoo was launched to release the work of the perennially struggling Liverpool band, Big in Japan.
Lemoned Plant is a Japanese independent record label.
In 2015 VICE Media was called "[arguably] a poster child for new-media success—especially when it comes to attracting a valuable millennial audience."
Never Fade Records is an independent record label based in London.
Dobias was influenced by Plan-It-X Records which is run by Chris Clavin, a friend of Dobias.
World Circuit celebrated its 20th anniversary in 2006 by releasing World Circuit Presents..., a 2-disc retrospective compilation album.
It held the rights to work by a number of popular music performers including Williams work before he was with Columbia Records.
It originally focused on indie rock — notably Evan Olson and Los Straitjackets.
IRIDA Records was an American classical music record label focusing particularly on contemporary classical music.
On-U Sound Records is an English record label known for releasing its own unique flavour of dub music since the 1980s.
Origo Sound is a Norwegian independent record label formed in 1990 in Norway by Harald Lervik.
Inertia also houses labels Pod, Inertia Recordings, Rogue Records and Provenance, each of which license releases from select local and international acts.
This sub-label focused on signing international artists, including reggaeton artists, much like Bad Boy Latino.
The company's stated intent is "to bring some of the world's most extreme music to the world's most extreme audiences."
The label has released bands from Washington, D.C. and the surrounding area, such as Dead Meadow and Spirit Caravan.
Soliti is the Italian word for usual.
Talib Kweli Greene is an American hip hop recording artist, entrepreneur, and social activist.
It is involved in the emo revival movement.
Hugh Cornwell - The Fall and Rise of Hugh Cornwell
Sliding Doors was the last Paramount release to have its soundtrack issued by MCA.
It is owned by David Cole and Moon Trent.
Provident Label Group is a division of Sony Music focusing primarily on Christian music in Franklin, Tennessee.
Besides Awakening Records, other divisions in Awakening management are Awakening Productions, Awakening Publications and Awakening Live.
The label is driven by Aoki’s "Do It Yourself" ethos and the company’s "By Any Means Necessary" mantra.
In 2009 it was awarded the Best Punk Record Store award
Rap-A-Lot Records is a Houston hip hop record label that was created in 1986.
Checker's releases cover a wide range of genres including blues, rhythm and blues, doo-wop, gospel, rock and roll, and soul.
Audio Eagle Records is an independent record label started in 2005 by musician Patrick Carney.
Up until early 1998, the labels focus was singularly cassettes, with the most well-known being the infamous Thurston Moore/Beck/Tom Surgal cassette.
In December 2003 the label relocated to Oakland, California where it remains today.
Acucrack, 16 Volt, Left Spine Down and many more.
Its brother labels are Threshold House and Chalice.
Recent signings include The Black Angels, Cigarettes After Sex, Tender and Emel Mathlouthi.
The label was eventually sold to Roulette Records.
The label went on to release recordings by out-of-Texas artists, including Secession Movement, Malachai and Michael W. Dean, between 1998 and 1999.
High Octave has several sub-labels, such as OmTown and CyberOctave.
In 1997 Atari Teenage Riot, Shizuo and Ec8or embarked on a Digital Hardcore tour of the United States.
Golden Records featured children's recordings by Bing Crosby, Rosemary Clooney, Danny Kaye, Alfred Hitchcock, Johnny Cash, Captain Kangaroo, Art Carney, and many more.
After all the releases were sold and out of print, the label was abandoned.
The poems are a proclamation of love, using very direct terms, and some references to nature.
The most successful acts on the Date label were Peaches & Herb and the Zombies.
It is named after the Japanese telephone greeting "moshi moshi", which translates to hello.
It specialised in drone, noise music, krautrock and grooves.
The label is different in the sense that they do not own any of their artists' master recordings or publishing rights.
The "RSO" stands for the Robert Stigwood Organisation.
Táta Vega was also signed and released Now I See through Qwest.
Mausoleum Records is a Belgian-based heavy metal label once considered by Billboard as "one of Europe's premier hard rock labels".
She left to form her own management company, Gailforce, in the late 1970s.
Caff Records was a short lived British independent record label run by Bob Stanley of the band Saint Etienne.
Other acts signed by Bradley's Records included:
Among such were Rescue Records whose releases for San Diego-based artists Tonéx's Pronounced Toe-Nay and P.O.D.
Bridge Nine Records is a contemporary hardcore punk record label located outside Boston, Massachusetts.
They were founded by Chris Hansen in 2006 and have released records by artists including Balance and Composure, La Dispute and The Wonder Years.
Slanted Records is a contemporary Christian record label based in Brentwood, Tennessee.
Velvet Tone Records was an American record label from 1925 to 1932.
Edward Rosser, piano; “Visions of Beyond”, late and last piano works by: Chopin, Beethoven, Brahms, Schubert, Liszt, Schumann, Debussy
With the growing popularity of rap music and electrofunk, Jim Callon decided to form a sub-label.
It was created by Billie Joe Armstrong, lead singer of Green Day, Screw 32's Doug Sangalang, Green Day guitarist Jason White and professional skateboarder Jim Thiebaud.
Cherry Red acquired the entire catalogue of original Dandelion Records recordings in September 2009.
These reissues include Revelation's Never Comes Silence, Iron Man's Black Night and The Passage, and the Blood Farmers self-titled album.
Pinhead Records runs the “Resistance Tour” together with Gonna Go.
The label's credo was to be an artist-led label with all aspects of each release tailored to the artist.
Formed 2001 by Russian record producer Andrew Louper.
Their first release was a re-issue of an album by June Panic.
Shemspeed is an American independent recording label and promotional agency, working primarily in the genres of hip hop, dancehall, pop and world music.
Babygrande Records is an independent record label based in New York City founded by Chuck Wilson.
It played a major part in the development of house music with records such as Jamie Principle & Frankie Knuckles's "Your Love."
Steve Cobby, Sim Lister and Jake Harries record as Heights of Abraham.
It released music sparsely, always in a pair of two, which were sold in record stores and through mail order.
Early releases had illustrated paper labels; on later releases the label was printed directly onto the plastic.
S Musics is an Audio rights record owned by Producer/Director S Shankar.
As originally issued from 1948 to 1962, Little Golden Records were six inches in diameter and made of bright yellow plastic.
27 on the DJ Mag Top 100 DJs list.
It was more of a case of 'Why not, we can do this ourselves' than some master plan to be independent."
Machine Shop Records is a record label founded by American rock band Linkin Park members Brad Delson and Mike Shinoda in 2001.
Its releases primarily focus on artists trading in Rock, Blues, Reggae, Ska and Punk music.
Founded in 2001, the label releases various musical styles including aggrotech, industrial music, dark elektro, synthpop and electronica.
In 2004, they decided to dissolve the label at which time Jonathan Kehrer reached out to Jay Sustain.
Panic Button Records was a record label which was formed in Chicago, Illinois in 1997.
Blue Dog Records was an independent London record label located in offices above the original Barfly Club.
They recorded the album, Urban Legendz which was released in 2004.
Its successor, Saja Records, holds the rights to Jim Croce's ABC-Dunhill releases and Stevie B's recordings before he signed with Empire Musicwerks during the mid-2000s.
It was founded in 2005 by Kenneth James Gibson AKA [a]pendics.shuffle and Konstantin Gabbro and is distributed by Kompakt.
The name was taken from a 1960s Australian rock band, The Missing Links.
Integrity Records is an independent record label based in Bedford, England.
Seventh Void, the Hillbilly Orchestra, Fountainhead, and Mark "The Chinaman" Britten are among the artists signed to the label.
Black Hole Recordings B.V. is a Dutch record label founded by one of the world's leading DJs Tijs Verwest, and Arny Bink in 1997.
This year the forum consisted of eight thematic parts.
SMC Recordings is an independent hip hop record label established in 2016 in Del Valle, Texas, by Charles Vasquez, Micheal Luna, Saroj Thapa.
Rhino owns the North American rights to the Sunnyview/TK catalog; internationally, the catalog is managed by EMI.
It is located at 5253 Lankershim BLVD, North Hollywood, CA, in the center of the NoHo Arts District.
Bill Sawyer and the Christian Tabernacle Choir, and Robert Turner and the Silver Hearts.
Shea Hovey is the current assistant who handles the press contacts as well as the mail-order; she has been with the label since 2000.
Merge Records is an independent record label based in Durham, North Carolina.
It was founded in 1978 in Quimper, Brittany, by Hervé Le Meur.
Most Stroudavarious artists' contracts were moved to the new label, whereas some other previous artists signed with Stroudavarious have moved to other record labels.
Ant-Zen also releases material on its imprint label, Hymen Records.
Rough Trade Records is an independent record label based in London, England.
The music label was founded by Matt Drouin and Fuzz de Grandpre.
Kold Sweat Records was a British independent record label specializing in hip hop music, based in Askew Road, London.
In 2005, Ardent inked a deal with INO Records, a division of Integrity Media, to distribute and market its entire roster.
Anticipate Recordings is an independent record label based in Manhattan founded by electronic music producer/performer Ezekiel Honig.
Codiscos is a record label headquartered in Medellín, Colombia.
13th Floor Records was an independent record label from the United States, owned by Monk Rock, who was Social Distortion's manager during the early 1980s.
Syco has three main divisions - Syco Music, Syco TV and Syco Film.
The first Streetsounds release was the first edition of the label's core compilation series, StreetSounds 1 in late 1982.
StreetSounds was an offshoot of producer and promoter Morgan Khan's StreetWave label.
It focuses on house music, particularly French house, as well as alternative dance, electro, hip hop, nu disco, and synthpop, among other styles.
A few months later, Goldner sold his shares of Roulette, Rama, Gee, and Tico to the Morris Levy Combine.
In 2006 Richard Branson sold the North America division of his V2 Records label to SSE for $15 million.
Scantraxx specializes in Hardstyle music, and is involved in hosting events such as Qlimax, and Defqon.1 Festival in cooperation with Q-dance.
The album spawned six singles, four of which charted exceptionally well internationally.
Jarrah Records is an independent Australian record label which releases material by Western Australian-formed bands, John Butler Trio and The Waifs, and their members.
After departing United Artists, LS released Lane's two studio albums in 1985 and 1986.
It was known for "The Moby Dick Sound" and contributing to "Frisco Disco".
In the 1980s the label gained momentum by signing artists such as the Rev.
Orfanato Music Group is a Puerto Rican record label in the music and performance production industry.
One Stop Music has released KRU Music's catalogue on digital formats since 2006.
Navona Records is an American independent record label, headquartered in North Hampton, New Hampshire.
Unable Records has also worked with artists such as Raquel Castro, Liz Primo, Mariah Simmons, Dark Intensity, Amai Liu, DJ Lynnwood, among others.
In the past, the festival has been headlined by bands such as Dillinger Four, Less Than Jake, The Mr. T Experience, The Queers and Teenage Bottlerocket.
Her album True Colors went platinum, but it wasn't enough to keep the label afloat.
Much of the artwork used for the label's releases and on the label's website was created by artist Alicia Vergel de Dios, sister of Niko.
His sophomore album, I Don't Like Shit, I Don't Go Outside: An Album by Earl Sweatshirt followed in March 2015.
It is owned by Curb Records and is a part of Word Entertainment.
Linn Records is a Glasgow-based record label which specialises in classical music, jazz and Scottish music.
Ayodeji Ibrahim Balogun, better known by his stage name Wizkid, is a Nigerian singer and songwriter.
Halfcut is the brainchild of Stu Harvey and under his watchful eye the Shock Records team will be pulling out all stops to continue this success.
Two members of Washington, DC's Golden went on to form the international Benga-rock band Extra Golden and sign to Thrill Jockey Records.
Christian Ward, better known as his stage names Yung Berg and Hitmaka, is an American record producer, rapper and songwriter.
Releases include singles by Brooklyn-based indie-pop band The Besties, Barcelona-based pop group Nosoträsh and Austin, Texas-based minimal pop trio Yellow Fever.
Pre-teen pop girl group Girl Authority also recorded for the label.
SST Records is an American independent record label formed in 1978 in Long Beach, California by musician Greg Ginn.
Rhymefest's first album, under Allido, was released July 11, 2006, under the title of Blue Collar.
8002-2 CD The Fabulous Thunderbirds, Girls Go Wild
Aquarius Records is an independent record label based in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.
Goldfinger - Film SoundTrack - TCT/8XS 50172
Her Bad Habit is an alias of Jimmy Edgar and his debut release, I Don’t Know, featured more live instrumentation than he was previously known for.
Joyful Noise Recordings is an independent record label from Indianapolis, Indiana.
However, the label also had released material through joint ventures with other companies outside the Sony BMG Music Entertainment group.
Backroad also releases an annual compilation series titled "Mud Digger".
Mercury Records is an American-based record label owned by Universal Music Group.
Clay Records was an independent record label founded by Mike Stone in 1980 out of a record shop in the English city of Stoke-on-Trent.
A Benefit Compilation for Compassion Over Killing.
Artists on Double Blind Music, System's rock imprint, include 32 Leaves, Signal The Escape, Sparks The Rescue, and Opus Däi.
Ticker tape was the earliest digital electronic communications medium, transmitting stock price information over telegraph lines, in use between around 1870 through 1970.
Janet ran the label and Dave made the records.
The label does work with bands outside of Maryland, but has preferred to keep a strong Baltimore-centered identity, mostly supporting that music scene.
The most successful artist on the label so far is BLOOD who have sold over 20 000 CDs.
Embassy can therefore be seen as the UK equivalent of U.S. labels such as Hit and Bell Records.
Although the label released a pressing of a greatest hits from UK Oi!
The label has released multiple genres of music, including pop, rock, hip hop, electronic, R&B, blues, jazz, and country.
For more than 12 years, the label has offered enhanced CDs with videos, artist bios and other bonus material.
Bell Records was reorganized in November 1974, which was the birth of Arista Records.
Zombie-A-Go-Go Records is the music artist and film director Rob Zombie's record label.
They also made their first foray into opera, releasing Ricky Ian Gordon's The Grapes of Wrath, in a live recording of the Minnesota Opera production.
Chatterbox was also courting foreign acts, one of the first to sign to the label being latter-day glam rock act Toilet Böys.
The label also issued material by the Kurt Cobain-championed Daniel Johnston.
Abner Records was a subsidiary of Vee-Jay Records.
Its name is a reference to the fourth wall in theater and other artistic media.
The label's name was revived briefly in the 1960s.
Dagored was an Italian record label based in Firenze, formed in 1998.
The label and business today is run by Andy C and business partner Scott Bourne.
Tim Johnson, cofounder, grew up in western Oregon.
Centaur's catalog includes classical, historical, pops, contemporary, crossover, electro-acoustic, and world music.
Later on, the label began releasing full-length albums, beginning with The Besties' Home Free, originally released on CD, and later as a vinyl LP.
Navona's catalog focuses on orchestral, chamber, and choral music with an emphasis on new music and living composers.
Founded by Roberto Concina in 2000, it became the home for artists such as Robert Miles, Miles Gurtu and Blue Light Fever.
It is owned by Tuba Records, a major Scandinavian independent music distributor.
Founded in 2010 by Ghazi Shami, it has released albums in the genres of hip hop, R&B, reggae, rock, gospel, Latin, and pop.
Eardrum Records was a record label owned by American comedian and actor George Carlin.
CS Recordings is an independent label with music-rights and publishing at BMI.
The album contained the single "Lets av it" which featured skinnyman.
As of March 2009 Darkest Labyrinth has released 50 titles from the label and distributed 280 titles from other labels for Japanese major distribution.
Block Starz Music is an American independent record label owned and operated by award-nominated writer, record executive, and film producer Bayer Mack.
Insomniac also organizes drum and bass and dubstep-oriented events under the brand Bassrush, hardstyle events under the brand Basscon and trance festivals under the brand Dreamstate.
OutSmart magazine noted that Mr. Lady was "queercore's strongest label."
It formerly holds the rights to Jim Croce's ABC-Dunhill releases and currently the rights of Stevie B's recordings before he signed with Empire Musicwerks.
It is headquartered in Centro Habana, where its main record studios operate.
Earache Records is an independent record label based in Nottingham, England and New York, United States.
Shadowville has had over 30 million song plays worldwide on the internet according to their Soundclick statistics.
Geoma Records is a British independent record label which was founded by George David in 2013.
In 1987, Triple X released the debut album by Jane’s Addiction.
Songwriters included Rory Lee Feek born in Atchison, Kansas.
Along with other Being Group's sister labels, the studio's main task is to create music productivity by hiring talented artists, composers and engineers.
Ghost Box is an independent, UK based record label, launched in 2004 by Julian House and Jim Jupp.
Kokomo Records was an American independent record label, founded in the 1960s by Ted Griffiths and Trevor Huyton.
Earlier albums like No Boundaries and Planet Gemini were recorded at an old studio owned by the label, known simply as M.A.C.E.
It operates through, and is distributed by, Warner Music Groups’ Warner Bros. Records.
The most notable artists on this label are Yaga & Mackie and Arcángel, although Ñengo Flow, L.T.
1 CD/LP  of Los Angeles DJ's that produce harder sounding electronic, drum and bass, breakbeat and hardcore techno.
Equal Vision Records was founded in the early 1990s by Ray Cappo.
Yeah Yeah Records is a Brooklyn-based, NYC-centric record label specializing in avant garde jazz and improvised music.
He has scored the number-one hits "Dance wiv Me", "Bonkers", "Holiday", "Dirtee Disco", "Shout".
Most releases on the label have been by Berne, though some have been by Berne's associates and bandmates.
2003-2 CD The Fabulous Thunderbirds, What's the Word?
Tri Angle is an independent record label based in London and New York launched by Robin Carolan in 2010.
Shanachie was also the U.S. liaison for the UK-based reggae label, Greensleeves Records, until about 1987.
The label specialises mostly in world music and jazz.
Burnt Hair recorded artists in various experimental genres also known by appellations such as indie pop, indie rock, ambient music, drone music, dream pop and electronica.
The Fuel Label Group assets were acquired by IP Investment Fund 43 North in 2015.
In turn, Polydor distributes Interscope releases in the United Kingdom.
Archeophone restores and remasters audio from cylinders and discs of jazz, popular music, vaudeville, and spoken word.
As of December 2016, Comedy Central Records has put out over 200 albums.
The album spawned four successful number one singles; "Promiscuous", "Maneater", "Say It Right" and "All Good Things".
In 1986, the label was revived by Mercury's parent company, PolyGram and the label had brief success with R&B singers Vanessa Williams, Lace, Tony!
release was The Fire Still Burns in 2005.
Until the end of 2012 it holds the distribution and marketing rights for Roadrunner artists, including Lenny Kravitz, Young the Giant and Nickelback.
Northplatte Records is an American independent record label founded by singer/songwriter Joshua James and McKay Stevens.
The output of the revived Hickory Records is distributed by Sony Music's RED Distribution unit.
Orange Records was a record label located in Mobile, Alabama.
Deep Thinka Records is an independent record label and booking agency based in Buffalo, New York.
After Dick James' death in 1986, the DJM catalogue was acquired by PolyGram.
It is also connected with the concepts of advice, persuasion, deliberation, and prohibition.
DogmaTone Records is a registered Indian record label, formed with the objective of promoting and encouraging Indian rock music.
Gold Gang Records Inc. is a Georgia-based record label founded in Atlanta by Trinidad James in 2012.
The company's main business is the sound record publishing.
550 Music was a unit of Sony Music Entertainment, which operated through Sony Music's Epic Records division while in activity.
A clean copy plays with much less noise and distortion than more expensive non laminated shellacs, such as Victor and Brunswick.
Key Lime Pie Records was a record label founded by Geoff Kresge in 1992 as a means to release music by AFI.
Thau revived Red Star in about 2010, and the label released material by the band Lola Dutronic.
Including the aforementioned songs, Jackson has released a string of hit singles, such as "Trade It All, Pt.
Lewis and Geller continue to live in Athens, GA. Lewis is a columnist for the Athens Banner-Herald and plays music.
Phillips International Records was discontinued in 1963 after Philips Records complained about the similar name.
Wilson was once president of West's GOOD Music record company and although he would resign from that position, he stayed contracted as an in-house producer.
The label began in 2004 in San Francisco to release a tour-only 7" by founders Bein and Samuel's band Red Tape Apocalypse.
The label's goal is to gather emerging new artists that produce the "French Touch" genre of house music.
Mystic Production is one of the largest Polish independent record labels.
Honest Jon's is an independent record shop based on Portobello Road in Ladbroke Grove, London, operating since 1974.
The slogan of the creative agency, Giant Step Marketing is that of, "Elevating brands through music and culture."
Other bands which made early or first releases on the rooArt label included Hipslingers, The Last Metro, The Lab, The Fauves, Bellicose and Custard.
The American drum n’ bass scene at times seems overshadowed by the heavyweights in the UK.
In 2008 management of the Calabash Music catalogue was taken over by the French company, Mondomix.
Present owner Sony/ATV Music Publishing revived the label in 2007.
Odyssey Records is a budget classical music record label founded by Columbia Masterworks Records in 1966 as a reissue label.
Milan Records is a record label located in Los Angeles, California specializing in film scores and soundtrack albums.
Nasenbluten were an Australian recording and performance group formed in Newcastle in 1992.
It was initially established in 2000 with a focus on capturing local music and showcasing it to the world.
Wah Wah Records Sounds is a Spanish record shop and label based in Barcelona.
Tankcrimes is an independent punk rock and heavy metal record label owned by Scotty Heath and operated from his garage in Oakland, California.
All albums released on the label are executive produced by RZA.
Opal Tapes is an English independent record label that releases abstracted forms of house music, techno, and other types of electronic music.
In 2000, Kyle Lienart & Jonathan Kehrer formed Five AM Music.
All known copies are marked "Chicago Mail Order Co.", indicating that this label was only available via mail order.
KIX-34: Charles Brown: Let's Have a Ball
This deal has come to an end early 2005.
The second JEMP Records title was a DVD entitled Live in Brooklyn, which was released on July 11, 2006 in conjunction with Rhino Entertainment.
Mr. 305 Inc. is an American independent record label based in Miami, Florida founded by rapper Pitbull.
The label is home to French acts Justice, Sebastian, Cassius, Uffie, Krazy Baldhead, DJ Mehdi, Mr. Oizo, Mr.
His second release was 2003's Street Dreams, which was supported by two Top 10 singles "Can't Let You Go" and "Into You".
WMG is the smallest of the three major international music conglomerates and the world's last publicly traded major music company.
Their sound has been highly influential across the following generation of techno musicians, and has informed a major shift in world techno.
The Cutler - Cinquedea - single - 2007
It is run by its founder, Carter Matschullat and is distributed by Redeye Distribution in the US.
JN Studios is run by both Ericson A. Molano and Libni "Leo" Molano.
It was the most successful dance label from a major company in Germany.
Nardis Music is a jazz record label formed in 2003 by Ben Sidran and his son Leo.
Count Your Lucky Stars Records is an American independent record label based in Fenton, Michigan.
Williams Street Records, LLC is an American independent record company found by Jason DeMarco, based in Atlanta, Georgia.
More Than Alot Records is an independent record label founded by Chase & Status in 2009, specialising in "exceptional" music.
Its slogan is "Every song is a modern short story."
Gangsta Advisory Records is the independent record label headed by Daz Dillinger.
Simple machines can be regarded as the elementary "building blocks" of which all more complicated machines are composed.
To date, the label's best selling releases have been Gorilla Biscuits' Start Today, Inside Out's No Spiritual Surrender and the In-Flight Program compilation.
Misfits Records is an independent record label conceived of in 2002 by founders Jerry Only of the Misfits and John Cafiero of Osaka Popstar.
Earwig Music Company is an American blues and jazz independent record label, founded by Michael Frank in October 1978 in Chicago.
They are known to have produced the following compilation albums:
Sun Ra released two albums on the label, Lanquidity and Of Mythic Worlds 1979.
Compulsiv Records was a record label that operated out of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
The unorthodox artwork fit Berne's unorthodox music and business tactics.
Steve Cobby and Sim Lister record as J*S*T*A*R*S.
Some notable artists that recorded for Deathvomit are:
Rejoice Records is a record label subsidiary of Word Records, started in the 1970s.
Certain Jerden record issues were distributed by Liberty Records.
Other international citations include France’s Diapason d’or de l’année for Simon Trpčeski’s Rachmaninov Piano Concertos Nos.
Chatterbox Records was an independent record label based in Sydney, Australia, founded in 1997 by musician Nik Tropiano and Sebastian Chase of Phantom Records.
In 1998, Lovitt Records relocated to Arlington, Virginia, just outside Washington, D.C.
Pure Noise Records is an American punk rock record label based in Berkeley, California.
The label first released mostly 7” singles and EPs, but has since expanded to release CDs, box sets, and DVDs.
The releases covered old master fiddlers, young string bands, and under-represented Cajun and blues musicians.
As of 2006, Artemis Records was owned by Sheridan Square Entertainment LLC, an independent music company then based in New York.
PS Classics has also partnered with the Library of Congress on their acclaimed "Songwriter Series", in which musical theatre composers/lyricist sing their own work.
Misfits Records has also released material by The Nutley Brass, Osaka Popstar, JuiceheaD and others.
It specializes in progressive rock and progressive metal.
Independent Entertainment is a record label that is owned and founded by Nigerian R&B singer Faze.
The label ceased trading around 2003 with the Nerf Herder EP "My E.P.".
It operated until 2006, when Newton sold Green Linnet to Digital Music Group, an aggregator of downloadable music.
First to record for Cobra was Otis Rush.
On August 5, 2014, Time Bomb released Summer Nationals, the three-song covers EP by The Offspring on iTunes and Spotify.
Its roster has included Two Cow Garage, Drag the River, Oblivion, The Gamits, and Apocalypse Hoboken.
Island Blue Records is part of Universal Records.
The label released the mini-LP Fall Out Boy's Evening Out with Your Girlfriend, which has gone on to sell over 127,000 copies in the United States.
The only albums released from the label came from famed artists Hector "El Father", Dimitri "El Boss", N.O.R.E.. Roc La Familia has since folded.
The label specializes in punk, oi!, ska, and hardcore bands.
Records is an independent record label which specializes in the hardcore punk genre.
Stolen Transmission was an American independent record label founded in 2005 by Sarah Lewitinn and Rob Stevenson.
The label produces a variety of electronic world music, in genres such as minimal synth, coldwave, alternative, experimental, industrial.
Dawson is president and continues to arrange and compose music for marching and concert bands.
It ran from 1974 to 1981 and mainly concentrated on pop music and disco.
Clown & Sunset is an independent record label founded by Nicolas Jaar in 2009.
The label has an extensive catalogue and is one of the leading punk and hardcore labels in Western Europe.
Initially envisaged as a hip hop and street soul label.
They had success with Terror Fabulous, which inked them a record deal at major, East West America/Atlantic Records, which resulted in his album Yaga Yaga.
It was founded by Jacques Fred Petrus & Mauro Malavasi in 1975 as Goody Music Productions.
The label was established by composer and saxophonist John Zorn in 1995.
It is based in Johannesburg, South Africa, and is owned by Times Media Group.
Jerden Records was an independent record label which operated from May 1960 through April 1971.
The label was reactivated in 2014 through a joint venture between Big Machine Label Group and the Republic Records unit of Universal Music Group.
Mikroton Recordings also hosts concerts in Moscow and St. Petersburg and runs Teni Zvuka festival.
She recorded songs for Nitro Praise 5, Nitro Praise Live!
Vivanda is a supermarket chain with eight stores located in Lima, Peru.
The label is owned by Madd Hatta.
The label was relaunched in 2001 as a jazz imprint distributed by Concord Records.
Village of Cross Keys is a privately owned upscale area of Baltimore, Maryland.
The idea of the label was conceived by Bannon and McCarthy in 2000.
Immediately succeeding the closing of 12 Tónars record store in Copenhagen a brand new webshop was introduced, allowing continued access to their family of artists.
They are best known for releasing folk punk and pop punk, including Against Me!
Mr. Cleaver is the man behind NYC’s Offshore Recordings.
Mega Records was a Nashville, Tennessee-based music label founded in 1970 by former RCA Records executive Brad McCuen along with Henry Pratt.
Noo Trybe is a label of Virgin that specialized in Hip Hop.
Its chief competitors are Angel Broadway, owned by UMG and Decca Broadway, which is also owned by Universal Music Group.
Nicholas Scott "Nick" Cannon is an American rapper, actor, comedian, director, screenwriter, film producer, entrepreneur, record producer, radio and television personality.
In 2012 Cleopatra acquired New Red Archives entire catalog of releases.
Currently Darkest Labyrinth releases works by a variety of international and Japanese artists.
As well as those listed above, its artists included the Rosewood Thieves.
ABC briefly reactivated Apt twice, in 1969 and 1972, and also used the Apt name on a line of budget-priced 8-track and cassette tapes in 1970.
The management arm of the company is run by de Cartier and partner Helen Britton.
In keeping with industry practice regarding budget labels, Sunset albums lacked paper inner sleeves and were pressed on lower-quality vinyl.
It is currently home to K-pop artists After School, Orange Caramel, NU'EST, Han Dong Geun, Seventeen and Pristin.
In 2000, Chronowax was acquired by Richard Branson V2 Music Group.
Founded in 1996, Gringo Records is a long-running independent record label based in Nottingham, England.
Today Gusto Records owns the Chart Records catalogue and have reissued a number of the recordings on CD.
In 1998, the label shut down, and the majority of its expansive catalog was bought by Massachusetts-based LandSpeed Records.
For example, wheels, levers, and pulleys are all used in the mechanism of a bicycle.
Greasy Pop Records predominantly signed South Australian artists including Exploding White Mice, Where's the Pope?, Del Webb Explosion and The Mad Turks from Istanbul.
Funkytown Music is an American record label that produces Christian, Hip-Hop, and Reggaeton music.
It is part of the Jazzology group of labels owned and operated by the George H. Buck Jr. Jazz Foundation.
The label was founded in 2002 when Jones noticed an opening and lapse in marketing by other local and regional labels.
The company finalizes the production of albums by mastering the audio and designing the album cover.
Twinned with the Golden World label Ric-Tic featured many soul music artists and was seen as an early competitor for fellow Detroit label Motown.
The label was established around 1981 by Mark Dean and Shamsi Ahmed which included Wham!
It was founded in 1887 from an earlier enterprise named the American Graphophone Company, the successor to the Volta Graphophone Company.
On 14 August 2000, all of Oasis's singles from Definitely Maybe, Morning Glory?
Wizkid left the label following the release of his second studio album and expiration of his 5-year contract.
In 2005, The Echo Label recorded a loss of over £2.0 million.
Esteban signed Marie et les Garçons, a French new wave band from Lyon, and produced and released their first three-track EP in 1977.
Since then the label has grown and diversified into releasing Latin, ethnic lounge, jazz and eclectic records such as Lotus Lounge.
The act first signed to the label was Mental as Anything.
Byard Lancaster's Exodus and Khan Jamal's The River are both highly sought after.
Blow Up Records is a British independent record label, that was established in London in May 1994, by Blow Up club founder and DJ Paul Tunkin.
In an interview with Performer Magazine in 2007, Schuchard explained the role Tricycle Records plays with its artists:
Moshpit Tragedy Records was a Canadian independent record label founded in Windsor, Ontario in 2006.
They put out records of different genres, including hardcore, grindcore, thrashcore, powerviolence and others, mainly from the US and Japan.
Westbound Records is a Detroit-based record label founded by Armen Boladian in 1968.
Diskos was a Yugoslav record label, founded in 1962.
Punk Rock Payroll is an American independent record label based in South Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
In the UK, Dimension was licensed to London Records.
Black Grape's founder attended Kingston University and organised events there, and for other universities in the United Kingdom.
The album peaked at number 21 on the US Billboard 200, number six on Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums and number four on Top Rap Albums.
The second release was Lowlife by Scanners, which went on to be featured in a Jeff Bridges film, Mama's Boy.
Records is an Los Angeles-based record label formed in 1974 by fanzine publisher and music historian Greg Shaw.
Only one artist, Kid Ory's Creole Jazz Band, was released on the Crescent label, which was distributed by Hollywood's Jazz Man Record Shop.
Allen did less recording after 1954, and closed both of his labels around the end of 1957.
Clown House Records are an independent digital record label located in Wakefield, West Yorkshire, England.
BPitch Control is a German techno record label founded in 1999 in Berlin by DJ and producer Ellen Allien.
Pina Records is a Puerto Rican record label founded by Rafael Antonio Pina Nieves.
Compuphonic is an electronic music record label created by Kris Menace as a playground for his own productions.
In 2000, Sundazed had a staff of 15 and two mixing studios, including a vintage audio equipment collection.
After its dissolution in 2010, many of its artists were moved to Sony Music Records' gr8!
In May 2013, he took a staff job at Twitch overseeing all of their PR efforts.
Hideous Records was a record label established by the now defunct alternative rock band Reuben.
According to their website, Riot is Australia's biggest heavy metal music distribution company.
Big Orange Clown Records is a record label based in Des Moines, Iowa, which was founded by Slipknot percussionist Shawn Crahan.
Hugpatch Records is a record label based out of Brooklyn, New York.
The label was founded in 2008 by country rap artist Colt Ford and producer Shannon "Fat Shan" Houchins.
In 1986, Most defected the label from EMI to PRT Records which handled the last releases until February 1988.
Cross Movement Records is an American-based Christian hip hop record label, founded by The Cross Movement.
Today, the Jive brand is being exclusively used under the Sony Music France division under the name Jive Epic France.
Finnvox Studios is a recording studio located in Pitäjänmäki, Helsinki, Finland.
Around 2003, Popfrenzy started to bring overseas acts to Australia as well establishing their own record label.
During 1981 and 1982 the label released productions that mixed late disco emotions with heavy funky rhythms that made the Emergency Sound.
The label, known as Numero, was founded in 2003 by Tom Lunt, Rob Sevier, and Ken Shipley.
Tom Lipsky is currently working as president of Roadrunner Records' Loud & Proud division, always managing classic rock bands and artists.
Many of Hong Kong's popstars and brands were under this label including:
Roc-La-Familia was an American record label founded by Shawn "Jay-Z" Carter.
Rostrum's creative digital strategy and a heavy touring philosophy resulted in the building of a large following for Wiz Khalifa and Mac Miller.
Grid Recordings is a UK based independent record label based in South London primarily releasing Drum and Bass / Jungle music.
Regain Records was founded from what remained of the former label, Wrong Again Records, by Per Gyllenbäck in 1997.
It is owned and managed by Luca Mortellaro, better known by the production alias "Lucy."
The label closed in 1965, though George Strait recorded his first songs under the label's name from 1978-1980 until he signed to MCA Records in 1981.
Utopia Records is an Israeli independent record label that specializes in producing and releasing melodic psytrance music.
Pop song stylist turned actress and talk show hostess Della Reese had a disco-styled outing on the label with "If It Feels Good".
Cordova Bay Records is an independent record label located in Victoria, British Columbia.
Essential Media Group, based in Hallandale, Florida, now manages the catalog.
The label lasted into the mid 1990s, having Top 40 success again in 1996 with Western Flyer's "What Will You Do With M-E?".
For the earlier Bell Records labels, see Bell Records and Bell Records.Bell was also a custom label active in the 1940s for recordings by Benny Bell.
Blocks Recording Club was a Canadian co-operative of musicians, which served as both a collaborative artist community and a record label for its member artists.
Warner Curb Records was a joint venture between Warner Bros. Records and producer Mike Curb to release his productions.
ATCO Records is an American record company and label founded in 1955 as a division of Atlantic Records.
Through Black Hole, Tiësto released the Magik and also created two major sub-labels in 1998; In Trance We Trust and SongBird.
Founded by Matt "Wedge" Wedgely of The Circus Tents, The Force and Viva Hate.
Murky Water Records is a defunct Canadian record label and current recording studio, based in Weyburn, Saskatchewan.
In September 2014 ProstoTV had over 900,000 subscribers.
Key Sounds Label is a Japanese independent record label formed in 2001 as a brand of the publishing company VisualArt's.
The label was founded in 2008 by Erik Gage, who was 18 years old at the time, in his hometown of Portland, Oregon.
According to Jud Phillips' son, NRC acquired the Judd label originally on a handshake deal.
When creating Gnar Tapes, Gage was inspired by DIY tape-culture and based the label's distribution on hand-to-hand trading and mail art.
Following the bankruptcy of World Serpent, the label continued independently.
The latter were notable due to their singer Ray Wilson who went on to become a member of Stiltskin and Genesis.
Owner Michael Fitzgerald relocated the label to Portland, Oregon in 2002.
It pioneered the independent music industry in the 1990s, being the most successful of its time, and inspiring the creation of many other indie labels.
BMF also known as BMF Records Ireland and BMF Media LTD was founded and started by ex-Westlife star Brian McFadden.
Marshmallow Records & Marshmallow Exports are Japanese companies, the former an independent jazz record label and the latter the label's distributor.
Roto Records was a record label based in Lincoln, Nebraska.
It was established by Peter Kermani in 1987 and is based in Albany, New York.
Decca Records is a British record label established in 1929 by Edward Lewis.
Hidden Shoal is an independent record label and music publisher based in Perth, Western Australia.
3CG Records is an independent record label started by the pop/rock group Hanson in October 2003.
Red Melon Records is a San Francisco based record label formed in 1998 by Dan Hruby and Jay Zimmermann.
mau5trap is a Canadian independent record label founded in 2007 by electronic music producer deadmau5.
The label was started by Joel Morowitz and Jeff Price in 1991. spinART filed for bankruptcy in April 2007 and went out of business.
Overall, the political sensibilities of the label can be said to be left-wing, feminist, and anti-war.
Different compatibilists offer very different definitions of what "free will" even means, and consequently find different types of constraints to be relevant to the issue.
In 2002, Biograph Records was acquired by Shout!
Burger Records is an independent record label and record store based out of Fullerton, California.
It tends to be used as a vanity label the band attach to their recordings regardless of who they're signed to at the time.
S-Curve's 2011 release by Betty Wright and the Roots, Betty Wright: The Movie was nominated for a Grammy in the "Best Traditional R&B Performance" category.
Intent on pursuing a solo career as a rapper, Hamilton would sign to independent record label Demevolist Music Group.
Participants of part "You are businessman" signed more than 700 agreements with companies, organisations and private persons.
Necessary Records is a record label based in the UK, founded by Warren Clarke, a former A&R executive at London Records and Edel, in 2003.
The label was begun by Peter Jesperson, local music and sports writer Charley Hallman, and Paul Stark.
The music label was founded by Sean O'Hara and Gary Worsley.
The following year, it began releasing material from the catalogue of Gennett Records.
Avitone Recordings is an independent record label formed by singer/songwriter Jody Watley in 1995, established after Watley departed ways with MCA Records.
The first artist signed to the label was Baltimore rapper Rye Rye, while A. R. Rahman's Slumdog Millionaire soundtrack was the label's first official release.
included: Eddie Boyd, Willie Cobbs, Floyd Jones, King Kolax, J.
Vagrant Records is an American record label based in California.
In December 2015, Tau announced that Polish freestyler Edzio had joined the label and that he will release his album in 2016.
Hotflush Recordings is a British record label.
It is currently run by Johnson and labelmate Joshua "Bit Shifter" Davis.
Prominent signed acts included Chicago, Joe Walsh and Dan Fogelberg.
In 1987 Emergency Records signed a deal with Profile Records for distribution, which was canceled after two years.
Vineyard Records UK is the worship ministry of Vineyard Churches UK and Ireland.
Big Music is an Indian record label owned by Anil Ambani.
Atco also provided distribution for other labels, including RSO Records, Volt, Island, Modern, Ruthless, and Rolling Stones Records.
It released American recordings from Okeh Records and Gennett Records among others.
EMI's classical-music operations were sold to Warner Music Group in 2013.
He also appears on the 54th Grammy winning album, All About Bullies... Big And Small.
On May 30, 1990, it was established as an independent company.
In November 2014, "Friends of Tricycle Records Compilation Vol.
In 2014, Lee Perry reopened the label exclusively for the release of his new album "Back On the Controls" with London producer Daniel Boyle.
It was founded by Rémi Côté and Stephan Bélanger and focused on promoting metal.
TK Records was an American independent record label founded by record distributor Henry Stone and Steve Alaimo in 1972. and based in Hialeah, Florida.
Currently, the label is inactive, their latest release being issued in 2006.
In 2011 the label released Gorilla Zoe's album King Kong, which features the first single "What's Going On".
Whirlwind Recordings is a London, UK-based independent record label established in 2010 by Michael Janisch.
Maybach Music Group albums are distributed by Atlantic Records, a division of the Atlantic Records Group.
The label released the entire catalogue of Kuti's Universal-controlled music in North America from 2009 to 2011.
Since its formation, the Quintet's members have included guitar virtuoso Tony Rice and multiinstrumentalists Mark O'Connor, Mike Marshall, Darol Anger and Jon Sholle.
75 Ark is a hip hop record label based in San Francisco, California.
Ultimately, RCA absorbed the label in 1977.
The first release of the label was Godflesh's previously unreleased EP, Messiah in 2000.
Bands that recorded for the label include Strange Boutique, Siddal, An April March, Ultracherry Violet, The Curtain Society, Mistle Thrush, The Freed Unit, and Halou.
The company was founded in 1994 by Barney Cohen and Jon Birge.
Since its formation, Shady Records has signed thirteen acts and is currently home to eight.
Specializing in dancehall, Artists released by the label include Vybz Kartel, Popcaan, Palmistry, Murlo, Jubilee and more.
Valcour Records is an independent record label based in Eunice, Louisiana.
Roger Hodgson – prior to joining Supertramp – issued a UK single on DJM under the name "Argosy".
The next year the label won the Juno Gold Leaf award for "Canadian Content Company".
Blacksmith is a music management company and a record label founded by Harlem born Corey Smyth and Talib Kweli of Black Star.
All Tyscot Records products are distributed by Ryko Distribution for the general market and Word Distribution for the CBA in association with Taseis Media Group.
Lonnie Pitchford and Lonnie Shields helped in the construction of the new recording studio facilities.
and Will Rap Over Hard Rock For Food by Chuck Mosley.
Baljunso is a South Korean independent record label founded in 1991 by Kang Byung-yong, former director of CAN Entertainment.
Some RAM signees have found chart success.
Chris Malinchak - So Good to Me
In 2005, the label changed its name from Unicorn Records to what it is today.
It was after this that the three decided to release albums along with soundtracks.
The label folded into Rounder in 1990.
Alveran is also the European partner for the US-based labels Eulogy Recordings and Hand of Hope Records.
The company was later signed over to Tau's wife Izabela Detka.
Although Manticore has been defunct since 1977, most of its recordings have been re-issued by other labels.
The impending break-up of the band had followed medical advice given to fiddle-player Dave Swarbrick to save his hearing by playing no more amplified music.
As of 2016, Manimal is a fully functioning label, distributor, publicity firm and sync/licensing for TV and Film.
Chief Records was founded in Chicago in 1957 by Mel London, a 25-year-old R&B entrepreneur.
Og Music was a small but influential independent record label based in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.
It was originally named Falcon Records, but the name was changed in 1958 since there already existed a Falcon Records.
In early 1996, Capital Artists was purchased by SCMP Group.
Sonobeat Records was an independent record label from the United States owned by Bill Josey, Sr and Bill Josey, Jr.
Magna Carta was formed in 1989 and is owned by Peter Morticelli and his partner Mike Varney.
Domo Records was established in 1993 by Eiichi Naito, a record producer, recording engineer and artist manager.
Dynasty is an association founded in 1999 by the Finnish bands The Rasmus, Killer and Kwan.
President Fred Litwin founded the company to "add substantially to the blues repertoire" with interesting, original music.
In 2008, Stroud had launched Stroudavarious Records and signed many artists to that label.
In 1975 Alegre Records was sold to Fania Records.
The label's music has been acclaimed by NPR, Rolling Stone, Pitchfork Media, Down Beat, JazzTimes, Signal to Noise, The Wire, Paste, and Magnet.
In recent years, Kompakt has been better known for bringing a trance sound into minimal techno.
Previously an imprint under Universal Republic, RedOne now distributes music under Capitol Music Group.
Shortly after, the band will record the soundtrack to a documentary that a friend of the band is producing about the African village of Lwala.
According to the report, both parties met and reached an agreement.
Masterworks Broadway's recent releases include the revival new cast recording of South Pacific, Avenue Q, Hair Spray and Chicago.
In 2007, AIP Records released the Pebbles, Volume 11 CD as the last of the albums in this landmark series.
PIAS Recordings was founded in 1983 in Belgium as Play It Again Sam by Kenny Gates and Michel Lambot.
The label was set up because Tanya desired more freedom over her music and lyrics.
Zunior releases are normally also released in conventional CD format on other independent labels, although some albums are also released in download-only format exclusively from Zunior.
The label was started in 1992 by John Zorn, a composer and saxophonist, as an offshoot of DIW Records.
In 1995, Twin/Tone was recognized as a "significant regional label" by Billboard magazine.
Multiple Dove Award winner Crystal Lewis made Diamante Music Group home for her independent label Metro One Music.
The label working also with their division Rock'N'Growl Promotion heavily in the fields of band/artist management, consulting, promotion and booking.
It was later sold to Thorn EMI in 1992.
z o.o., was a Polish subsidiary of Sony BMG Music Entertainment.
Resipiscent means "a return to one's senses following a brutal experience".
Sappy Records is an independent record label based in Sackville, New Brunswick, Canada, started by Julie Doiron in 1990 in order to release her own cassette.
It acquired many labels before ABC was sold to MCA Records in 1979.
The company is currently run by Robinson and the label's president, Paul Roper.
In the fall of 2011 InVogue Records signed a distribution deal with Independent Label Group and Alternative Distribution Alliance.
The record label develops artists with an emphasis on pop, urban and dance music.
The first album released by Collective Soul on the label was the band's sixth studio album, Youth, in 2004.
Super Records Ltd. is an independent label owned and operated by English band McFly.
Yung Berg had been previously signed to DMX's Bloodline Records as Iceberg but then signed to Epic Records.
Commmons is a Japanese record label founded by Japanese musician Ryuichi Sakamoto.
EMPIRE has supported the debut albums and early singles of a number of early artists, frequently signing young talent.
Among the label's signings are Vanna and Hit the Lights.
Today, the Dunhill catalogue is managed by Geffen Records.
Most of Bully’s lineup consists mainly of hip hop producers.
Levine was the head of Avco Embassy Pictures following a long career in the film industry.
It was founded by Avi Nissim, Lior Perlmutter, Yaniv Haviv and Guy Sabbag.
It specialized in blues, jazz, and doo-wop.
The record label specializes in publishing 12" singles and vinyl compilations as well as CDs all of which are also available in digital formats.
The label received the IMPALA Young Label Spotlight Award.
The label's first album release was 1997's Silence FM by The Sons Of Silence, a group which consisted of members of O Yuki Conjugate.
Queen Bee or International Rock Star , is a record label owned by American rapper and songwriter Lil' Kim.
Most albums are sold at a price of $8.88 per album, although discounted sale prices are also available on some releases.
Woodworm Records soon grew and released albums by Fairport and other artists such as Dave Swarbrick.
Offshore is unmistakably coming out with unique left field sounds that set it apart from the drum n’ bass “norms”.
The company plans to release a Kinison box set in 2016.
143 is a sub-label of Warner Bros. Records.
Until then, Gazza recruited Aunti Sousa and a group of three dancers to the label.
It went on to become one of the most popular hip-hop and R&B labels of the late 1980s and early 1990s.
Muse Records was a jazz record company and label founded in New York City by Joe Fields in 1972.
Ten years later, the group's lead vocalist, Dion DiMucci, had a solo hit on the label with "Abraham, Martin & John".
AVIE’s artists have won numerous international awards.
Outside Japan, the company operates as the Savoy Label Group which releases recordings on the SLG, Savoy Jazz and Denon labels.
Disney Channel Play It Loud is a compilation album released on February 11, 2014.
Fogarty's Cove Music is based in Dundas, Ontario, Canada.
Rikos Records was founded in 1999 by the producers Janne Granberg and Heikki Halme.
Artemis had a leading share of the U.S. independent label market from 2001 to 2003.
HDD Projects includes music by Black Moth Super Rainbow, Holy Fuck, Sebastien Grainger, and Shugo Tokumaru.
The label will be distributed by Provident/Integrity Distribution to the Christian and mainstream markets.
Great White North Records was a Canadian independent record label founded in 1999 and dissolved in 2006.
No stipulations or meeting dates in regards to the contracts have been presented yet.
Many of the early releases feature contributions by Graeme Taylor.
The label recorded its first session in 1995 for an album that featured Evan Parker, Barry Guy, Paul Lytton, and Joe McPhee.
Elefant Traks is a record label based in Sydney, Australia, that predominantly releases Australian hip hop music.
GMX Graphix Design is run by Gerson Molano.
ROIR was founded the same year that the Sony Walkman launched, and initially, the label exclusively distributed its releases in cassette format.
Locations like Atlantis, Socal, and "Far West Texas" have also been represented.
Although headquartered in the U.S., the label was closely aligned with the thriving Chilean, German and Scandinavian techno and house scenes.
WMP acquired Polskie Nagrania Muza, Poland's oldest record label, in May 2015.
Osmose Productions is a French independent record label created in 1991 by Hervé Herbaut, after he had spent three years running a small mail order company.
The group handles its own physical distribution through its Provident-Integrity Distribution service.
One Eleven Records is an Orlando-based record label concentrating on young rock bands.
Nash Icon Records is located on Music Row in Nashville, Tennessee.
The label closed in 2010 and was replaced by WaterTower Music that year.
Karmic Hit is a record label based in Sydney.
The label also provides artist and producer management.
The late Fela Kuti has fascinated millions, according to the Boston Globe.
The ratio of the output to the applied force is called the mechanical advantage.
Allido has also signed Australian-born soul singer Daniel Merriweather.
The label is closely associated with OTR Studios, a recording studio located on the San Francisco Peninsula.
In January 2015, Brown's son Dwayne Joseph Brown and his son's business partner, Alicia Barber, came together to launch SteelTown Los Angeles.
The film stars Rohan Chand, Matthew Rhys and Freida Pinto, with motion capture performances from Serkis, Christian Bale, Benedict Cumberbatch, Tom Hollander and Cate Blanchett.
The company also includes the Erato Records, Teldec Records and NVC Arts labels.
It then developed into a sprawling collective of artists with a large warehouse HQ in Hackney.
Sony Music Entertainment now owns the Date catalogue which is managed by Legacy Recordings.
The label was originally independently distributed and towards the end of its life, CBS Records took over distribution.
With fifteen years of experience in making music, Sacks decided to turn his hobby of making musical recordings into his work in 1987.
Heartless Records is an independent record label started by Eric Lipscomb.
the Boat Records is an independent record label based in Lafayette, Indiana.
The Reverberation Appreciation Society’s record label started in 2010, with the release of Christian Bland and the Revelators – The Lost Album.
Mondomix ceased operation of the music service in 2012.
Tzadik has released over 400 albums by a variety of artists with diverse musical backgrounds, including free improvisation, jazz, noise, klezmer, rock and experimental composition.
Alias has released albums by American Music Club, Archers of Loaf, Yo La Tengo, The Magnolias, The Loud Family, Too Much Joy and Knapsack, among others.
Barry Weiss served as Chairman & CEO of the Company.
It is the owner of the 1982–1993 Sutra Records catalogue and of several other independent New York street-oriented labels that the latter distributed.
It is one of the 40 sub-labels of Spinnin' Records.
The label is notable for releasing music in rock, hip hop, underground hip hop, alternative rock and nu metal music amongst other genres.
The label has since signed many well-known black, death and doom metal bands such as Behemoth, Carpathian Forest, Mayhem and Unholy.
Basement Records is an American independent record label founded by Chuck Dietrich in 2000.
Hamilton is currently working on his new debut major-label album entitled Hamilton Charles scheduled for release in 2016.
Unlike typical record labels, Key Sounds Label does not license any of the artists featured on albums and singles released on the label.
A&M Octone Records was an American record label.
Distributing Co. Paul Bernard was appointed as the US representative in special regards to "marketing and promotion".
Ernest Dion Wilson, professionally known as No I.D., is an American hip hop and R&B music producer from Chicago, Illinois.
Pressure Sounds is a British record label, specializing in releasing reggae music.
The first album was by Johnny Thunder and the remaining albums were all by Ronnie Dove.
It is unclear whether or not it still exists as a functioning company, as the label was always known for its sporadic release schedule.
SAM Records was a New York-based independent record company active between 1977–1983 and 1989–1991.
Heyday Records is an independent record label founded in 1988 by Pat Thomas.
The label was launched "to create a network for synth wave enthusiasts and promote 80s electronic music via an online archive and vinyl releases.
One of the first Byte releases was "Don't Miss The Party Line" by Jean-Paul De Coster and Peter Neefs as Bizz Nizz.
Redline Records was an independent record label based in Perth, Australia.
Grammar's 2016 release "Fresh Eyes" has been certified Platinum in the US, Canada and Australia.
The first release on the label was the debut album from The Datsuns.
Despite their best efforts they could not license the tracks that were already under contract to Island.
Psy-Harmonics was an independent record label based in Australia that specialised in electronic music.
King's 1969 Live and Well and Completely Well albums, the latter containing his hit "The Thrill is Gone".
It secured wins for Jazz Album of the Year twice.
The label has specialised in recording classical pipe organs, many of which have great historical interest.
The label was modeled on, and affiliated to, the British independent record label Recommended Records, but remained financially independent.
It served as the only record label in Communist Romania.
It was founded in 2001 by Scott Robinson and Dan Herrington.
Labels bestselling artists include Michał Bajor, Sławek Wierzcholski i Nocna Zmiana Bluesa, and Mazowsze among others, with several albums certified Gold and Platinum in Poland.
The company now distributes new records as well as many older ones from John's catalog.
Johantgen and Dan Fitzgerald, both former employees of Columbia Records.
Jazzology Records was founded in 1949 by George H. Buck, Jr. That year he recorded Art Hodes, Wild Bill Davison, and Tony Parenti.
This important document is the result of extensive research, much of it at the British Library, and personal recollections.
In 2003 Andrzej Wojciechowski with Piotr Mikołajczyk, former employee for EMI Music Poland bought MJM Music PL from Sony and started operating as independent label.
Freedom was a short lived subsidiary label of Liberty Records based in Hollywood, California.
It has exclusive contracts with a number of Swiss artists such as Florian Ast und Francine Jordi, DJ Antoine, Bastian Baker, Remady and Mike Candys.
We don’t really care about all that."
ATP Recordings is a British independent record label that was started in 2001 by London concert promoter Barry Hogan of Foundation/All Tomorrow's Parties.
Polo Grounds Music is a hip hop and R&B record label.
Originally based in Georgetown, Indiana, PIX is currently based out of Bloomington, Indiana following brief stints in Olympia, Washington, Gainesville, Florida and Cairo, Illinois.
Lotuspool’s stable of artists includes Zoom, Panel Donor, Bully Pulpit, Suneaters, and The Weightmen.
Goody Music Records was an Italian-American record label licensed in the USA.
Mego was an experimental electronic music independent record label based in Vienna, Austria.
UMLE includes famous Latin music labels such as Universal Music Latino, Fonovisa Records, Universal Music Mexico, Capitol Latin, Machete Music and Disa Records.
Shadow Records was launched in 1995 as an Instinct Records sub-label to focus on the more organic side of the underground electronic music scene.
Architecture Records is a New York-based record label focusing on all elements of electronic music.
It was founded in 1927, and purchased by Universal Music Group in 2004.
Super Soul Records is a record label founded by Ray Cappo that was distributed through Roadrunner Records.
Hieroglyphics Imperium Recordings is an Oakland, California-based, independent hip hop record label founded and owned by underground hip hop collective, the Hieroglyphics.
Other former roster members include Paperjack, Nineteenseventyeight, Professor Undressor, Traiyf, to name a few.
The label has published nearly every release of Tibet's band Current 93 since 1988.
In 2016, Armada Music was one of the 21 labels nominated for the IMPALA FIVEUNDERFIFTEEN campaign shining a light on Europe's most inspiring young labels.
It was founded in 1984 by Sam Berger, who was the American independent buyer for Dutch East India Trading.
Mo=Da=Mu was a Canadian independent record label founded in 1980 in Vancouver.
Candy Ass also co-released, with Chainsaw Records, the first Team Dresch LP, Personal Best, in 1994 and the band's second LP, Captain My Captain, in 1995.
It continued its operations until 1988, when it merged its operations with I.R.S.
When Fletcher failed in mid–1924, Bridgeport Die & Machine Company began producing Supertone discs in late 1924.
Candle went on to have over 100 releases.
Fällt was an independent publishing house specialising in experimental music, fine art, design and criticism.
While under the Liberty name, the label operated short-lived sister label Patriot Records from 1994 to 1995.
The duo have produced programming for HBO, Showtime, Logo, VH1, IFC, Discovery, OWN, TLC, E!, HGTV, PBS, and Channel 4.
Beau's "1917 Revolution" made #1 in the Lebanon in 1969.
Watley's fifth studio album, 1995s Affection, was the labels first release.
In March 2015, NME declared Sarah to be the second greatest indie label of all time.
Brooklyn Academy of Music has also shown a predilection for composers from the Downtown scene.
However today's SACD equipment is capable of reproducing these superior recordings the way they were originally intended.
Side One Recordings gained attention when it was connected with the CD release of Radiohead's 2007 album In Rainbows in the United States and Canada.
Dia Frampton from Meg&Dia went on to win the runner up slot on the NBC show The Voice.
Around 1960, it was acquired by Word Records.
The Cameo Record Corporation started Lincoln Records and Romeo Records.
The label has a roster of fifteen artists based in four countries: Serbia, Austria, Canada and Switzerland.
Most of the Cobra recordings were released on The Cobra Records Story: Chicago Rock and Blues 1956–1958 by Capricorn Records in 1993.
In July 2010, they re-released Strongarm's 1995 album, Atonement, the first time on vinyl.
Berne signed with Columbia Records in the 1980s, then recorded for JMT Records until it shut down in 1995.
Its notable artists included: Tom Green, Treble Charger, Jacksoul, Shawn Desman, Rascalz and Keshia Chante.
Run for Cover Records is an American independent record label based in Boston, Massachusetts.
The label started early on as a label that served punk rock, but has become a label that serves metal and punk.
It was founded in 1989 by a group of artists and musicians.
New Alliance also released the debut single of Ciccone Youth and material from The Coachmen, both of which were Sonic Youth-related projects.
Toast Hawaii is an English record label founded by Depeche Mode's Andy Fletcher and named after his reported fondness for the sandwich.
Of these, 40 had handmade covers that were produced by Martin Pike in his father's garage.
Their self-titled debut album was released in October 2010.
Jan Robbe is known for expressing various musical styles under different pseudonyms.
The second album released under the Fania imprint was Larry Harlow's 1965 Heavy Smoking.
The label was founded by Jack Lauderdale in 1947 as Down Beat Records and was headquartered in Los Angeles, California.
Balkanton is located at No.6 Haidoushka Polyana St, Sofia Bulgaria but is not known to have a company web presence
Vendlus Records is an American independent record label currently based in Washington, DC.
The label has also ventured into compilation CDs and children releases.
Kemosabe Records is an American record label owned by Sony Music Entertainment based in Los Angeles, California.
Subsequent 7" singles were released including The Mendoza Line, Masters of the Hemisphere, and others.
On February 19, 2014, Nigerian Entertainment Today reported that Skales parted ways with E.M.E following the expiration of his contract.
In April 2016, BMG Rights Management, which had acquired Sanctuary Records in 2013, announced that it would revive the Noise Records label.
Since then it has distributed over 40 releases and become a host for one of Boston's most exceptional DIY scenes.
Traditionally, only actions that are freely willed are seen as deserving credit or blame.
Finnvox Studios maintained for five decades their importance in the country, remaining the first choice in Finland for all the local record producers and companies.
In 1999, it was named by Miami New Times as the Best Electronica Label.
Carrere was a French record label which specialized in Euro disco and rock music.
SOS Records is a California-based punk-rock record label.
Eois is a genus of moths in the Geometridae family.
APC produces full-length studio recordings of its music.
Tent Show Records is Murder by Death's record label in the EastWest family of labels.
He also launched the foreign divisions, France & Netherlands, that released some of the same titles with different catalogue numbers, and some exclusive titles as well.
Since 1926, it has been a subsidiary of Columbia Records, now itself a subsidiary of Sony Music.
Performers represented on the label include such groups as the California EAR Unit, the Nevsky String Quartet, Steven Graff, and the Slovak Radio Symphony Orchestra.
Sharon took over managing Osbourne from her father, and Osbourne left Jet to go to the Epic label of Jet's distributor CBS.
Tic Tac Totally is distributed by the popular punk distributor Revolver/Midheaven Distribution based in San Francisco.
Best Before Records's artists are generally considered Alternative, Pop Punk, alternative rock, but some also include elements of various genres of metal.
The band signed to Matador Records and has released several full-length LPs and a compilation of previously released material containing some of the Alias tracks.
In 1928 it merged with Pathé Records, and then the American Record Corporation.
Hardline Entertainment is an American independent record label, created and owned by Ken Seaton.
It is available for free download 
It serves primarily to release recordings by Ooberman and related projects.
Extensive Music is a Swedish record label founded in 1993.
The label specializes in U.S. and Scandinavian underground punk bands.
Multimedia Records is a Serbian music label based in Belgrade.
Bands gathered under Moonlee Records are predominantly coming from ex-Yugoslav area – Slovenia, Croatia, Serbia, Bosnia & Herzegovina and Macedonia.
In 1986, representatives of Opryland Music Group compelled Veronica Mataseje to cease and desist in using the 16th Avenue name.
Beginning in 1967, albums by Mala recording artists were issued on the Bell label instead of Mala.
The label's parent company was the Standard Music Roll Company of Orange, New Jersey, which was also the parent of Arto Records.
Heard also owned a studio, which he called Fingerprint Recorders.
The release of Barrio Fino, Daddy Yankee's first commercially successful album, is notable for being the label's first distributed album.
Prior to this Round had a short stint as an intern at Fat Wreck Chords.
By 1969, LHI was distributed independently with tape distribution by Ampex.
It was established 1993 and integrated into Esfor Limited in 2008.
The Pharmacy's 4 track EP 7" entitled Dig Your Grave was released in late 2011 alongside the debut 7" by Madison, Wisconsin's The Lonesome Savages.
The label also specializes in unique acoustic, symphonic, and lounge renditions of Billboard Hot 100 hits.
The label is named after the mythological flower that grows along the banks of the River Styx in Hades.
Big names past their hit-making prime, such as,, and in experimental phases, cut records for the label.
He characterises Deathbomb Arc as an "artist label" as well as a record label, treating record releases as just one part of an artistic spectrum.
DMG in turn sold the rights to manufacture and distribute Green Linnet and Xenophile physical compact discs to Compass Records.
They specialise in Punk rock and Ska, though they also have included some Heavy metal acts.
The second disc offers an extended 34-minute interview with Kline about this music and a music-video MEDITATION with music and video by Kline.
Diplomat Records is an American hip hop record label founded by Harlem rapper Cam'ron.
The PS of PS Classics is named for Krasker and Chaffin's two dogs, Please and Sumner.
Excelsior Recordings is an independent record label located in Amsterdam, Netherlands.
Organic Records was their label for alternative and modern rock artists.
It was founded and funded by the successful music shop owner Bruce Findlay in the summer of 1977.
In 2008, the label released 8 new titles, including ones from Ralph Stanley and Larry Sparks.
Historical Records re-issued rare blues, gospel, jazz and country recordings of the 1920s.
The company is based in Acton, London.
Travis Holland was a musician that played with many, if not most, Texas progressive country artists during that time.
Originally the label was created for the sole purpose of releasing the first Fantômas album.
Macy's Recordings was a Houston-based record label that released recordings of popular musicians around the southern United States.
Rising Jazz Stars Foundation was founded by George Klabin in 2005 in an effort to provide support and assistance to talented jazz artists.
The first Sympathy release was the Lazy Cowgirls' album "Radio Cowgirl" LP, which Long Gone John said he released as a "favor to the band."
Lizard is the English name of Russian record label Ящерица which is based and founded in Moscow, Russia.
CAM Jazz began as a branch of a company that issued movie soundtracks.
Parrot Records was an American Chicago-based record label, founded in 1952 by the disc jockey Al Benson.
Mojo Records was a California-based record label founded in 1995 by producer Jay Rifkin.
Ornament also had two short-lived blues sub-labels: Chrischaa and ESCEHA Schallplatten.
County Records is a Virginia-based independent American record label founded by David Freeman in 1963.
The label publishes a wide range of experimental music and film.
After Hurricane Katrina, Chopper City Records had relocated to Detroit, Michigan but later relocated back to Louisiana in Destrehan.
Pinhead Records is an Argentine recording label based in Rosario.
Two more installments have since been released.
It is known for releasing albums by punk and garage rock bands such as the King Khan & BBQ Show and the late Jay Reatard.
The label filed for voluntary liquidation in December 2001, before it was re-established by Galpern in 2016.
Although quite a new music style in Bosnia, it has nevertheless proven to be very popular.
The label also has an office in Miami, Florida.
The festival has featured line-ups with Edward Sharpe and the Magnetic Zeros, Warpaint, Ariel Pink and papercranes.
The label released its first two recordings, Betrothal in a Monastery and Le nozze di Figaro, in 2008.
Records and Tapes was originally formed in 1983 by the band Daniel Amos, with musician Tom Howard, for the release of their Doppelgänger album.
In 2011, Hydra Head relocated to Los Angeles, California, from its former home in Boston, Massachusetts.
Not only well-known artists have been releasing on this label, but also young talented record producers are getting their chances at StraightOn Recordings.
Undaunted, Stephens found his niche as a choreographer and imaging expert for LaFace Records.
EGREM had a monopoly on music production activities from 1964 until the late 1980s when independent labels reemerged.
Regain Records' first two releases were Deranged's High on Blood and Embraced's Amorous Anathema, in late 1997.
The release won a Grammy for Best Contemporary Gospel.
As for recent years, 2015 and 2016 were remarkable for the label, described by Uncut magazine “a template for modern independent record companies”.
KIX-16: Ruth Brown: Sweet Baby of Mine
For 2010 and 2011, Red Scare albums by The Menzingers and The Sidekicks have been named album of the year by punknews.org.
Its purpose is developing artists with potential and strength to produce music with quality and diversity so as to reward music lovers.
While the label issues new material, some of their releases are releases of albums that were released on both labels.
The label also released a very special collector's edition of the classic Spiritualized album Ladies and Gentlemen We Are Floating in Space.
Southern Records is an independent record label closely associated with Crass Records, Corpus Christi Records and Dischord Records.
and the Luckie Strike EP, Future is Turning.
The company is a subsidiary of The Dogg's company Mshasho closed cooperation.
The label's catalogue ran to 29 releases across the various formats of the time.
After releasing projects separately, Skatterman and Snug Brim combined as a group.
Saravah owns and operates a concert hall in Shibuya, Tokyo.
Both Tucker and Alex actively produce most output on the label and have done since its inception.
Cold Meat Industry was a Swedish independent record label established in 1987, which specialized in Dark ambient, Death Industrial, Noise music and Neo-Classical music.
Marcelo Cabuli is married to Tarja Turunen.
Originally distributed by London Records, FFRR is currently a dance music sublabel of Parlophone, a division of Warner Music Group.
Each release is organized to show the special rapport between its audio and visual components.
A SteelTown movie is in the works, and will be released July 2018.
The current owner is Universal Music Group.
The record label started in 1990 and was called after the street where he lived at the time, the Kanaalstraat in Amsterdam.
Loöq Records is a record label founded by electronic music producers and DJs Jondi & Spesh in 1998.
There is also an independent record label by the same name that was founded by M.A.
Jehova-Nisi Producciones was founded in 2000, by Christian singer, Ericson Alexander Molano.
Touch and Go Records is an American independent record label based in Chicago, Illinois.
Harthouse is a German record label specializing in techno music.
The label numbers its releases to correspond to symbols from the periodic table, in increasing order of atomic weight, rather than using the traditional numerical system.
A subsidiary of Benson's Parrot operation, it lasted until mid-1956.
Warner Classics is the classical music arm of Warner Music Group.
Alpha & Omega Recording is the San Rafael, California recording studio of American music producer, Sandy Pearlman.
Artists include The Eyeliners, Girl in a Coma, the Cute Lepers, the Dollyrots, The Vacancies, and Joan Jett & the Blackhearts.
Nice has also reactivated the Factory Benelux and Crépuscule labels, for reissues and new releases.
Its first release was a vinyl EP from Sydney electro-goth band Cult 45.
While pigeonholed as a House label, its releases cover a broad spectrum of modern Electronic Dance Music, reflecting the eclectic tastes of its owner.
He is an avid record collector, with more than 10,000 records in his collection.
Route 66 Records is a record production company that reissues forgotten Rhythm & Blues recordings.
Among its roster of artists were The Goodies and Stephanie de Sykes who both had top 20 hits in the UK.
32 Records also released new material by artists such as The Jazz Passengers, and established 32 R&B, 32 Blues, 32 Groove and 32 Pop subsidiaries.
NTone was a sister imprint to the independent record label, Ninja Tune.
Founded by President W. Tom Berry in 1984, Alert works with some of Canada’s greatest performers, including Kim Mitchell and Holly Cole.
In early 2003, UCMG started to get into financial problems.
Psychopathic Records, also known as The Hatchet, is an American independent record label based in Farmington Hills, Michigan that specializes in hip hop music.
Concentrating on releasing 7" singles, Velocity of Sound released the world's first hair filled vinyl record in 2014 for Eohippus "Getting Your Hair Wet With Pee".
In 2005 Prosto signed distribution deal with Fonografika.
In 2008, the label was involved in a legal dispute with the band Gorgoroth over their 2008 live album.
In fall 1965 Jerden began a distribution agreement with ABC-Paramount Records.
The label's releases are distributed through Epic Records.
Eardrum was distributed by Atlantic Records, which had also distributed Little David, and Carlin was the sole artist on the label until his death.
The label is co-owned by Ian MacKaye and Jeff Nelson, who founded Dischord in 1980 to release Minor Disturbance by The Teen Idles.
They are signed to the Hamburg label Buback.
Kitsuné is a French electronic music record label and fashion label created in 2002 by Gildas Loaëc, Masaya Kuroki and the London-based company Åbäke.
- The Delfonics - Philly Groove Records Presents: The Way Things Were
At first Fat Possum focused almost entirely on recording previously unknown Mississippi blues artists.
By the seventh issue in 1989, Var was running the zine with Sarah Dyer and other contributors and collaborators.
Pathé Records was a France-based international record company and label and producer of phonographs, active from the 1890s through the 1930s.
Moraine Music Group is one of Nashville's leading independent publishers, with a reputation for unique songs that result in career-making hit singles.
as a Deathbomb Arc act, despite the group self-releasing their first album.
Biograph Records is a record label founded in 1967 by Arnold S. Caplin that specialized in early American ragtime, jazz, and blues music.
Creative Improvised Music Projects, usually abbreviated CIMP or C.I.M.P., is an American jazz record company and label.
The first release "EP1" which was played by DJ Tony Humphries on New York Radio in 1994.
In the United States, there were also short-lived labels by this name based in California and Michigan, but these are unrelated to the Linden organization.
Coalmine Records is a Brooklyn, New York based independent hip-hop record label.
Ruthless is an American record label, founded by Eazy-E and Jerry Heller.
Well-known electronic music artists such as Max Graham, Timo Maas, James Holden, Hybrid and Way Out West have worked with Hope Recordings in the past.
The music label was established by Jeff Burns & Tim Towle & employed Tom Kemp & Jennifer Temple.
The company is based in the Netherlands and has offices in New York, Cologne, Stockholm, Milan, Paris and London.
Label over the years distributed in Poland albums released by My Music, Lemon Records, Kayax, and labels from parent company EMI Group Limited among others.
They were a big up-and-coming record label, big competition with us, and they disappeared.”
Delmark Records is the oldest American jazz and blues independent record label.
On June 8, 2010, Hanson release their fifth studio album, Shout It Out in the United States, through 3CG Records.
Rotterdam records was a Dutch record label begun in 1992.
The company's releases are organised into two different labels/imprints named RMN Records and RMN Classical respectively.
Laser Vision is an independent record label in Bangladesh.
GMFA mainly redistributes Christian music released by major international Christian music labels in India.
The initial "contrakultural series" was known as “Perfiles”, and was made of thirteen biographical documentaries.
The label's roster includes John Beasley, Bill Cunliffe, Tamir Hendelman, Christian Howes, Kathy Kosins, Andreas Öberg, Marian Petrescu, Claudio Roditi, Donald Vega and others.
Hideous Records never signed any other bands during its short-lived existence, and only ever releases by the band Reuben themselves.
A compilation of songs written over many years called "Songs I Wrote".
Max and Lilian Feirtag operated the label in Los Angeles, California, and published music under the Limax Music trademark.
The label's music is distributed by Universal Music Group.
The label signed Clap Your Hands Say Yeah for a UK distribution deal for the group's debut album.
Spinnin' Deep is a Dutch record label founded in 2009 and specializing in house, deep house, tech house, future house and other EDM genres.
The label released a diverse range of music from pop through to indie/rock and dance.
takes on the role as A&R of AVA White, with the commitment to continue AVA’s legacy as one of the scene’s most consistent labels.
604 refers to one of the area codes of the Lower Mainland.
Sony Music Masterworks is a record label, the result of a restructuring of Sony Music's classical music division.
The label went into administration in October 2006 and into insolvent liquidation in April 2008.
Cub Records was an American record label, and a subsidiary of MGM Records, which started in 1958 for rhythm and blues releases.
The label was founded in 2003 by Cedric Muyres.
Moving Shadow grew to be a well-regarded and long-lived publisher, releasing over 200 releases.
Among the artists who either released music on this label or were distributed by this label in Germany are:
He released the album Los Bandoleros under this label in 2005.
Modiba is an artist management and music licensing company dedicated to international artists and social responsibility.
Evolving out of parent companies Fierce Panda Records and Pointy Records, it has been releasing limited edition music singles since 2005.
Pharmacy Records is distributed through MGM Distribution in Australia and through Narwhal Records in the UK.
Amaret Records was a record label that operated between 1968 and 1973.
Bob Keane was with the label in its early days, but departed in late 1957.
The company has been very influential in the Ugandan music sector as it has recorded some of the best songs with Ugandan musicians.
In 2017, Suicide Squeeze has released music by Ty Segall, This Will Destroy You, Minus the Bear, Michael Nau of, and The Coathangers.
Iodine Recordings was an independent record label based in Boston, Massachusetts, United States.
Havoc Records has released around 50 records, selling just over 250,000 records and CDs in the last 14 years.
In 2009, the label stopped distributing, but in 2014 the label again distributed.
The Vik name is a revival of an RCA Victor Records subsidiary label established in 1955 which replaced the "X" label.
The company also released hillbilly and rockabilly recordings from 1951 onward, e.g., "Rockin' and Rollin" by Ramblin' Tommy Scott on Federal 10003.
Otis Williams and the Charms, The Manhattans and Donnie Elbert were among artists who recorded R&B hits for DeLuxe from the mid-1950s to the early 1970s.
The label is the first in Holland to use a free on-line catalogue.
Miller's cat Leroy Brown was the label's acting CEO until his death in 2014.
The label specialized in the underground hip-hop and drum and bass genres, often fusing the two.
AIP Records is a record label that was started by Greg Shaw's Bomp!
Calibration was Omar's second album to chart on a Billboard music chart and his highest charting yet, peaking at #29 on the Top Heatseekers chart.
In 2015, it was confirmed that Universal Music Group acquired MediaPro Music.
Judd Records was named for its founder but the name was misspelled in the artwork of the label having two "D's."
Toon Express Group owns the copyrights to the characters.
It reissued Paramount, Black Swan, and Gennett Records masters on the Claxtonola and National labels.
A great number of contemporary composers have been recorded by the label.
DEL Records and its artists are frequent winners at the Billboard Latin Music Awards including five in 2017.
Since its launch, the company has placed music in television series, motion pictures.
The David Grisman Quintet is a self-styled alternative bluegrass/acoustic jazz band founded by David Grisman in 1975 in San Francisco, California, USA.
It delivered its first simultaneous multi-platform original release on February 20, 2015 
The label also released the first single, "Iggy Pop's Jacket", by the Liverpool band Those Naughty Lumps.
Among others, images of their talents are prohibited to appear in websites, though recently, on 28 February 2011, the ban was lifted and loosened the regulations.
Beat The World Records is The Dandy Warhols owned and operated Portland, Oregon-based record label, originally launched in 2008.
It was founded by Brian Taranto in September 2004 as a concept born from a tshirt design, who was then joined by Andy Kent.
PopLife Records is a record label based in the United Kingdom.
Mascot Records recently brought Volbeat to success from scratch in Europe.
InVogue Records is an American record company based in Findlay, Ohio.
Drummer Mike Felumlee organized the label as an outlet for Smoking Popes releases.
Oh Boy Records also manages two subsidiary labels, Steve Goodman's Red Pajamas Records and speciality label Blue Plate Music.
Among the artists that recorded for the label were Bill Haley & His Comets, Ral Donner, Jo-Ann Campbell, Eddie Platt and Johnny Rivers.
L'Age d'Or was one of the first sound films made in France, along with Prix de Beauté and Under the Roofs of Paris.
The record label and publishing company were acquired by BMG Rights Management in November 2015, with Greenberg continuing at the helm.
Albums by internationally renown DJ Mr Dibbs, DJ Signify and later rapper and producerSixtoo was added to the label.
Founded in 1996 by David Dickenson, it got its start releasing singles by artists such as Elliott Smith and Modest Mouse.
Wanagas is currently a director with the International Music Manager’s Forum.
As of December 12, 2012 the labels releases are now distributed by Atlantic Records.
The label is proudly independent and active in such operations as Artist Management, Artist Development, Tour Booking, Visual/Film Production, Social Media Marketing and Street Promotion.
Amaru has also released 8 posthumous albums by 2Pac and a documentary, Tupac: Resurrection.
Steve Cobby and Rich Arthurs of Orgatronics record as Peacecorps.
It is the house label of online retailer jpc.
It also had a prominent associated sublabel, Factory Benelux.
Next year Prosto released their first independent album Hołd by Pono, although it was distributed by other major label Warner Music.
Biv 10 Records was founded by Michael Bivins in 1992, through a joint venture with Motown Records.
In December 2005 Integrity released a single by London-based noiseniks October All Over, after which the label entered a hiatus.
The record label was dormant for many years until Jeff Walker of AristoMedia in 2007 released some of the artists' albums digitally on selective online outlets.
The label releases the work of Nine Inch Nails and How to Destroy Angels.
Polyphon is also a record label as registered by German Polyphon Musikwerke AG in 1908.
According to liner notes included in the Dr. Death Vol.
In 2011, the label began releasing vinyl singles under the Beats in Space imprint, which Werth co-owns with Tim Sweeney.<ref name="rvnghome"/>
Freesolo Publishing, a joint-venture with Sony/ATV Music Publishing
Acts on Perspective's roster included Bobby Ross Avila, Smooth, Mint Condition, Lo-Key, Solo, Sounds of Blackness, Young Zee, and Ann Nesby.
Plaka Pilipino was a recording company of Vicor Music Corporation from 1970 to 1981.
The company consolidated its operations to Nashville, Tennessee in 2003.
Laurie Records was a record label started in 1958 by brothers Robert and Gene Schwartz, and Allan I. Sussel.
Rollerboys Recordings is a Swedish independent record label founded by Yourhighness, Elias Raam and Måns Ericson.
During its early, successful years, music industry executive George Daly was the label's original Vice President of A&R.
Dr. Leonard Scott initially operated the company from offices in his dental practice.
Mack Avenue Records is an independent record label in Grosse Pointe Woods, Michigan.
Acorn Records was a short-lived American record label, created in 1950, which issued several singles by notable musical artists.
Future Records was a music imprint, based in London, United Kingdom.
It was acquired by Morris Levy and incorporated into Roulette Records in 1962.
Teem Records was the budget sub-label of Ace Records.
Phillips International Records is a sub-label of Sun Records started by Sam Phillips in October 1957.
Manor was run Irving Berman, who also owned Regis Records.
ASAP Music is the record label of the ABS-CBN Network's variety show, ASAP.
These albums included bands such as Korzus, Salário Mínimo… The albums even caught the attention of an up-and-coming young band from Minas Gerais state: Sepultura.
Audioquest Music was founded in 1990 by Joe Harley of the audio cable company Audioquest to demonstrate the quality of its cables.
LS Records is an American record label.
Colonial Records was a record label located in Chapel Hill, North Carolina.
Nowadays it publishes approximately 150 new records per year, half of it classical and half of it popular music.
Bar/None Records is an independent record label based in Weehawken, New Jersey.
In 1999, EMI launched Virgin Records Nashville but by 2001, Capitol absorbed the short-lived label.
Candlelight Records is in co-operation with Appease Me Records and AFM Records.
Atypeek Music is an international digital label, which resulted from the association of Go Get Organized and Agony.
Previous releases of some early Beatles songs on the Vee-Jay label in the summer of 1963 failed to chart in America.
Goldschmidt remains the current owner and managing director.
Zeke Clough contributed distinctive artwork for the label, drawing on both Egyptology and heavy metal imagery.
Werkdiscs is a British independent record label based in London.
In-Fidelity Recordings is a record label founded in September 2002 by Bruce Milne and Steven Stavrakis.
It was headquartered in L.A. until closing its doors on October 29, 2007.
Gazell is an record label founded by John Engelbrekt in Stockholm, Sweden, in 1949.
In the year 2000, Phillip Stein, Susan Stein, and Ronald Stein formed a 501(c)(3) non-profit organization for the purpose of celebrating Catholic music recordings and videos.
He is the father of Xza Higgins, CEO of Mommycon.
With the help of drummer Matt Jorgensen, Origin expanded its roster of musicians and added the labels OA2 and Origin Classical.
Steven Wilson joined the label's roster in April 2017, ahead of the release of his fifth studio album.
C'est la Mort released a number of albums influential to the Gothic and dream pop genres.
High Two is a record label based in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
FILMguerrero is an independent record label based in Portland, Oregon.
It is now an imprint on both Bad Boy Records and Maybach Music Group.
She was also featured on the singles "Juice Crew All-Stars" and "Evolution" produced by Marley Marl released on Cold Chillin' Records in 1987.
Jim Chambers, Stu Fine, Kyle Roeger and Hadley Poole were all that were left in the end.
Release formats include vinyl, CDs, and digital downloads.
Artists on its roster include B. Dolan, Cecil Otter, Prolyphic, and Sleep, among others.
Scantraxx Silver hosts the artists A-Lusion, Bioweapon, and Scope DJ among others.
The label folded in 1963 but was recently re-established in the new millennium.
Prism Records was an American record label formed in 1978 by Len Fichtelberg.
Tara Music has been regarded for many years as one of the leading traditional Irish music recording companies.
Culburnie Records is a California based record label specializing in Scottish traditional music, operated by Alasdair Fraser.
Paramount Records was a record label started in 1969 by Paramount Pictures after acquiring the rights to the name from George H. Buck.
Using the power of song, they help to raise awareness and funds for worthy charities.
Long Gone John also operates Sympathetic Press, a book publishing company that prints books with rock 'n' roll themes.
The BluesWay masters, along with the rest of ABC Records' assets, were sold to MCA Records in 1978.
Badorb.com was a record label created by Alex Paterson of The Orb in 2002.
On September 15, 2015, Sony Music announced that it would distribute EGREM's recordings internationally.
The label was awarded an endowment by the McKnight Foundation.
Silver was founded in 2008, and is used to release various miscellaneous releases.
Jesperson signed the Replacements to the label immediately after the band's debut at the Longhorn Bar in Minneapolis.
It was a subsidiary of the larger label distributor Zomba Records, which in turn is now owned by BMG.
The "L" of "lowercase" is intentionally not capitalized, and is thus self-referential.
The Decca Label Group comprises two divisions: Universal Musical Classical and the American operations of Decca Records.
In the late 1970s, producer Joe Johnson headed up an organization that purchased 4 Star Records and moved all of its operations to Nashville, Tennessee.
Ruby Records is an American record label, founded predominantly as a rock music label subsidiary of Slash Records, started in 1981.
Currently Bad Trip Records manages digital distribution of the Angry Samoans and Metal Mike Saunders recording catalogs.
Lawrence Gowan had also recorded for the label before joining Styx in 1999.
In 1999, he changed the label's name to Thizz Entertainment to avoid implying a connection to the Romper Room Gang.
The company began operating in mid-1953, and lasted until mid-1956.
S4 Entertainment Inc. is a North American artist development and management company.
It also marketed electronic Atari game consoles including Pac-man etc., a series of Arkade compilations and later on VHS video cassettes.
It has been there since the late 1990s.
Montage Music Group was an American independent record label based in Nashville, Tennessee, specializing in country music.
They added artists such as The Sound, Soulwax/2ManyDJ's, Sigur Rós and Mogwai.
The music label was founded in 2005 by Sophie Trudeau.
In the summer of 2017, Warner Music relaunched the Stateside label for classic jazz, soul and R&B releases.
Amazon, CD Universe and other online shops also refer to this label as "Fledgling".
Discs to PolyGram in 1996 for a reported £30 million.
Glass Mountain Records is an American independent record label that was launched in 2007.
Punk Core Records is an inactive record label founded in 1989 by Dave Punk Core.
Hazel O'Connor joined the label with a reissue series of her 1990s albums.
The record company ceased in mid-1976 but restarted in 1981 as Sutra Records.
The company was founded in 1999 by Attila Egerházi.
Its first album release was Wes Montgomery's A Day In The Life in 1967.
The label's first album, New Magnetic Wonder by The Apples in Stereo, was released on February 6, 2007.
Cosmic Couriers released many important Krautrock titles by artists including Klaus Schulze, Ash Ra Tempel, Manuel Göttsching, Wallenstein, Popol Vuh, and others, including Walter Wegmüller's 'Tarot'.
Galy Records is a Canadian independent record label based in Verdun, Quebec, founded by Eric Galy in 2002.
CP Music Group is a collaborative music label and management team for a roster of artists, songwriters and producers.
The label is now co-managed across the Atlantic in both Johannesburg, South Africa and Bloomington, Indiana in the U.S.
which reached number 36 in the UK Singles Chart.
In more recent years the roster has extended to include artists such as A-Mafia, Streets da Block, Den.10, Smoke & Numbers, and Doe Boy Choch.
Fascination Records is a United Kingdom-based record label, owned by Universal Music Group, and operated as an imprint of Polydor Records.
Most of the music is recorded in Berlin, though the label is based in London where the records are mastered and manufactured.
Willie Hightower was among the musicians who recorded for the label.
Determinism suggests that only one course of events is possible, which is inconsistent with the existence of free will thus conceived.
Woodworm Records was a record label created in 1979 to enable the British folk-rock band Fairport Convention to release their album Farewell Farewell.
Since serious adverse events continue to be reported, it is recommended that acupuncturists be trained sufficiently to reduce the risk.
Joe Utterback, piano; “So Many Stars”; Lionel Hampton/Sonny Burke: Midnight Sun; Ann Ronell: Willow Weep For Me; Bobby Troup: Get Your Kicks on Route 66
The recording studio for the label is called The Lotus Pod.
In 2007 Modiba signed its first artist, beginning the career of Malian guitarist Vieux Farka Toure, son of the legendary Ali Farka Toure.
Prosthetic Records is an American record label specializing in heavy metal recordings, founded in Los Angeles, California in 1998 by E.J.
During the rest of the 2000s, it was distributed by WEA's Asylum Records and then Fontana Distribution.
Hope Massive's "itany" was listed number 2 of the top 20 reggae albums released in 2008 by WNCW.
208 Records is an English independent record label based in Wiltshire, England.
The company operates a record label, talent agency, film, music, and television production company, as well as a music publishing house.
He was also a member of famed Christian hip-hop group LA Symphony which is currently on hiatus.
Founded in the United States in early 1979, Emergency Records specialized in products of the Italian disco sound of the 1970s and 1980s.
Among the acts who recorded for Chance were The Flamingos, The Moonglows, Homesick James, J.
RCA Inspiration is a gospel music group operating under Sony Music.
In 2005, it was revived as a reissue label.
Hidden Beach is an American independent record label specializing in urban alternative, R&B, soul, inspirational and contemporary jazz genres.
American Music Club, a San Francisco band whose frontman was Mark Eitzel, received many accolades from the music press, but found little commercial success.
Facing financial hardships and lack of sales to support these new releases, Iodine had to announce its closing at the end of 2003.
Toy's Factory Inc. is a Japanese record label founded in the late 1980s as a subsidiary of the entertainment company VAP, based in Japan.
Since then, it has maintained its success and focus on gangsta and southern rap.
This was used for first release only, #3013.
Valet Records was an Australian independent record label established in Perth, Western Australia by Matt Wardle in 2005.
After returning to Los Angeles in February 2012, Earl rejoined Odd Future and started producing new music.
The label was founded in August 2007 and quickly announced its first release, the band Underworld's first studio album in five years, Oblivion with Bells.
G-Note Records is a subsidiary record label of 50 Cent's G-Unit Records.
Faultline Entertainment Group has opened an office in Florida and in the near future will be opening offices in the UK and Japan.
The record release party was held at Lido in Berlin and exceeded to the venues limit with 500 guests.
The facility consisted of new construction behind two facades from the 1880s.
Carnival Music is the parent company to the record label, Carnival Recording Company.
Three Island labels exist in the world: Island UK, Island US, and Island Australia, with the main label operating out of London.
Influenced by the minimal wave and post-industrial music make their debut album named "Confusion is a good weapon" consisting of 6 tracks plus 2 remixes.
He was signed to Atlantic Records in 1992, but was released due to no improvement, he didn't release one album under them.
5 Minute Walk were an independent record label founded by Frank Tate in April 1995.
This would keep his JDC Records music catalog focused on dance music and Dunk Yer Funk on rap.
They left Grand Central Records in early 2005 and started ATIC Records in June 2006.
The company is headquartered in La Habra, CA and also doubles as a recording studio.
Language isolates are in effect language families consisting of a single language.
Prosto YouTube channel had the biggest number of subscribers among Polish record labels.
The label had also released soundtracks, including Judgment Night, Spawn, Blade II, and Masters of Horror.
It was launched in 1988, but it was shut down in 1990, shortly after its parent was purchased by PolyGram Records.
Ny Våg is an independent record label founded by Dennis Lyxzén and Inge Johansson in 2005.
Moving Shadow was an English jungle/drum and bass record label which was started in 1990 by Rob Playford.
Modern machine theory analyzes machines as kinematic chains composed of elementary linkages called kinematic pairs.
Ipecac Recordings is an American independent record label founded in 1999 by Greg Werckman and Mike Patton.
Viva Records was a record label started in 1966 as a subsidiary of Snuff Garrett Records.
Producers associated with the label include Masterkraft, Jay Sleek, Cobhams Asuquo, Spellz and Samklef, among others.
Thus far, the label has only its founder Joseph Arthur on the roster, which also includes releases produced with his band The Lonely Astronauts.
12 Tónar is a distributor for Icelandic music and an importer and distributor for many foreign record labels.
Rama Records was a record label founded by George Goldner in 1953 in New York City.
At the time of the label's founding, McKeehan was a member of dc Talk.
Cement Shoes Records was an independent record label based in Hollywood, California.
Both wings are now part of the Universal Music Group, which is owned by Vivendi, a media conglomerate headquartered in Paris, France.
Snowstar Records is an independent Dutch record label based in Utrecht, the Netherlands.
Fervent was bought by Word Records in 2005.
Currently, logging on the RS Music Group Web site is transferred to Def Jam Recordings, confirming the rumors that the label has been sold.
In late 2010 Park The Van began to represent independent musicians as managers, and are now known as Park The Van Records & Management.
Tomato Head Records was an independent record label started by Chuck Phelps after his split with the ska punk band Skankin' Pickle and Dill Records.
All these indigenous music recordings were marketed under the labels Mabuhay Records and Villar Records.
Conductors include Chicago Symphony Orchestra music director Riccardo Muti, principal conductor Bernard Haitink, conductor emeritus Pierre Boulez, and New York Philharmonic music director Alan Gilbert.
Harley made one album, by blues guitarist Robert Lucas, that was so successful he decided to release more jazz and blues.
Their catalog is composed entirely of rerecorded popular songs to specific Beats Per Minute as part of a non-stop workout mix.
The label was founded in 2000 and was dissolved into RCA Records in 2011.
The label also produces records for Long Beach Dub Allstars, Long Beach Shortbus, and Burn Unit.
Like the label 4AD Records, Factory Records used a creative team which gave the label and the artists recording for it a particular sound and image.
"Crépuscule" translates as "twilight", with most of the label's catalogue numbers being prefixed by the letters TWI.
Insomniac is involved in the operation of three Los Angeles nightclubs—Create, Exchange L.A. and the underground warehouse Factory 93, located at 1756 Naud Street.
N2O Records are exclusively distributed by E1 Entertainment in the United States and Canada, UV in Japan, and Cargo in the United Kingdom and Europe.
Other artists include Elephant Micah, Vollmar, and Caethua.
Murderecords is an independent record label that releases the music of the Canadian rock band Sloan.
The label has also released three recordings of tribute performances by Goodman's friends.
Mike Weiss is co-founder along with his father, Sam Weiss, who himself was a founder of noted 1970s–1980s disco record label, SAM Records.
They were joined by Ciarán Ryan a couple of months after that, and the three have worked on the label ever since.
Music genres of releases from the label include new wave, pop/rock and electronica
Andy C, Chase & Status, René LaVice, Sub Focus and Wilkinson have all released singles through RAM which entered the UK Singles Chart.
33rd Street Records was an American independent record label based in Greenbrae, California.
The label is known for their street bass sound, an amalgam of bass music styles with an emphasis on the use of vocal sampling.
It has been reported that Roc La Familia will not be re-established.
The label is owned by NORA's vocalist, Carl Severson, and based in West Windsor Township, New Jersey.
Plastiq Musiq is an independent record label which concentrates on melodic electronic music made primarily on analog synthesizers.
More recently, Dark Horse Records issued the Shankar–Harrison compilation box set Collaborations.
Since 2004, operations have been handled by roughly 20 individuals, ranging from label band members to friends of Suburban Sprawl.
Founded by electronic musician Paul Rose, the label has released music by Scuba, Mount Kimbie, Boxcutter, Vaccine, Joy Orbison, Untold and many more.
Qwest released Every Home Should Have One in 1981.
Founded in 1997, the record label is part of the Pink Media Group, which also owns RTV Pink.
Along with Columbia and RCA Records, Epic is one of Sony Music Entertainment's three main record labels.
In 2011, they were named one of the top 50 indie labels in America by Billboard.
Ill Flava Records is a record label based in East London, United Kingdom.
Loosegroove Records was a Seattle based record label formed by Pearl Jam guitarist Stone Gossard and Brad drummer Regan Hagar in 1994.
Ninth Street Opus is an independent record label in Berkeley, California.
A few months later, Kim X, his girlfriend, opened a branch office in Oakland.
The company was founded on 11 November 2000 by artist manager, John Watson.
Most of the later Pebbles CDs were taken from particular regions, like the Highs series.
The label was started in 1997 in Danbury, Connecticut by Green Linnet owner Wendy Newton.
“It also stands for the axiom of sharing art, inspiration and creativity”.
The publishing arms of Chart Records were Yonah Music and Peach Music.
Angeline Entertainment, in association with Universal Music Group, is a Canadian record label and marketing consultation company established in 2006 and distributed through Fontana Distribution.
Artists on Penalty have included Capone-N-Noreaga, Lord Finesse, Ali Shaheed Muhammed of A Tribe Called Quest, and The Beatnuts, among others.
Secret City Records is an independent record label founded in 2006 and based in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.
The label was originally distributed through Warner Bros. Records but split in December 2008.
Issues slowed due to competition from Yazoo Records, both drawing from the same collection of music.
He recorded Nathan Abshire and the song "Pine Grove Blues".
It was eventually absorbed into MCA in 1999, after Silas left his post at UMG to take a position at LaFace Records.
Rooster Blues is an American independent record label founded in 1980.
The label, established by Clive Selwood and John Peel in 1986, was the primary distributor of BBC recordings, including Peel Sessions.
One album, Crash's Greatest Hits by Bill Craddock, was released on the label in 1986.
World Music Network is a UK-based record label specializing in world music.
Perfecto Records have provided remixes for U2, Moby, New Order, Rolling Stones and more.
A very aggressive anti-opposition propaganda is used in the camp in order to program young inexperienced minds to serve the ruling elite.
It was founded by Ken Cheppaikode while he was living in Seattle, Washington in 1999.
Records is an American record label belonging to David Allan Coe.
The label was founded in 1997 by Kottonmouth Kings vocalist Brad Xavier and Kevin Zinger.
Azteca Records was a mid 20th century record label specializing in Mexican music.
However, he is equally adept at creating more serious tracks that often reside in the realm of ambient and glitch.
Thirsty Ear Recordings is an American independent record label.
SSE also owned the distribution company Musicrama.
Many bands on the label have placed high on CMW's charts and have had many positive reviews.
32 Records was a record label established in 1995 by producer Joel Dorn and attorney Robert Miller.
Their first release, a split cassette by Black Mamba Beat and Wake Up Dead came in Fall 2010.
Catalogue albums that continued to sell were renumbered and reissued on the MCA label.
Deepgrooves was an Auckland, New Zealand-based independent record label formed in 1991 by Bill Latimer, Mark Tierney and Kane Massey.
The first act was signed to Stand Up!
Tacuara Records is an independent record label based in Buenos Aires, Argentina and founded by Cesar Canali.
It is also the company responsible for the Dance Party Like It's.... series and the Trance Party series, as well as the Mixshow series.
Until October 2013 Headhunterz released his first release, The Leaked EP via HARD with STYLE.
The productions featured a number of cast members from the various Star Trek series.
Associated groups include Røsenkøpf, Martial Canterel, Led Er Est, Xeno & Oaklander, Blacklist, Frank, Plastic Flowers, and Opus Finis.
The label has also released tracks produced by a number of other artists including Plaid, Si Begg and Neil Landstrumm.
Syco Film is involved in the production of films such as One Direction: This Is Us.
Ruffhouse Records went on to sell over 100 million records worldwide.
Warp is an English independent record label, founded in Sheffield in 1989 by record store workers Steve Beckett, Rob Mitchell and record producer Robert Gordon.
Since 2005, each year a group of musicians tours in the course of the 'Blues Caravan' project.
In 1996, Telarc merged with another independent label, Heads Up, now a Telarc subsidiary.
Ivy League Records is a record label based in Sydney, Australia.
Good Fight was founded by Paul Conroy and Carl Severson who have previously worked for Ferret Music and Warner Music Group.
It was founded by members of Christian rock group Audio Adrenaline.
Its official headquarters are located in Ljubljana with a branch office in Croatia.
The Quintet has performed and recorded with special guests such as violin great Stephane Grapelli, and remains active.
DynoVoice, along with its NewVoice Records subsidiary, was originally distributed by Bell Records, and later by Dot Records.
It has satellite offices in Los Angeles and Montreal.
Launched in 1992, the "550" name was inspired by the address of the Sony building, located at 550 Madison Avenue in New York.
Chris Taylor also releases his own solo material on the label.
Avantgarde Music is an Italian record label, formed as a continuation of Obscure Plasma Records, focusing on black and doom metal artists.
rooArt released a series of three compilation albums of new or then-unsigned acts, called Youngblood.
Beyond Logic partnered with several international record labels to form a team to distribute their albums in India.
Zoth Ommog Records is the name of the influential German Industrial music record label which was owned by the parent label Music Research.
In 2005, he had signed newcomer Sunny Boy whom he introduced through his hit song koko.
Only one copy of each album existed and high school classmates of the founders could borrow one for a few days.
Maximum Pressure which specialises in 80s Dancehall;
Many of the bands featured in these releases were in the early stages of their musical careers and went on to gain wider recognition.
In 1982, Beat Factory was founded by Ivan Berry and songwriter Rupert Gayle.
Sad Gnome kicked off 2008 by introducing 17-year-old Lily Rae to the record buying public with her debut single, Bad Film.
George Nauful and Will Bronson are no longer owners, officers, or employees of SMC Recordings.
In February 2001, Grabski founded a sub-label Teeto Records that was supposed to release hip-hop-related records.
The Missing Link label was created by Keith Glass and David Pepperell who were the owners of a Melbourne record store of the same name.
The label was founded in 1980 by Michel Duval and Annik Honoré.
AOMG is an independent South Korean record label led by Jay Park and Simon Dominic.
Mute Records is a British record label owned and founded in 1978 by Daniel Miller.
In the late 2000s the label started a reissue vinyl series, featuring reissues from its back catalog on 180-gram high quality vinyl.
The label is best known for Norma Jean, Beloved, Zao and Stretch Arm Strong.
Stockholm Records is a Swedish subsidiary of Universal Music Group, founded in 1992, and known for signing musicians such as Army of Lovers and E-Type.
Eulogy has had exclusive distribution deals with both Good Life Recordings and Alveran Records for European distribution and is currently distributed internationally by Rev Distribution.
The company was distributed by Universal Music Group's Fontana Distribution.
Late in 1999, following the success of Steve Earle's collaboration with the Del McCoury Band, The Mountain, a co-venture was announced between E-Squared and Artemis Records.
The music video was done for the version of the track that did not feature Bun B.
The company continues to support the musical creativity of independent artists.
Capricorn Records was an independent record label which was launched by Phil Walden, Alan Walden and Frank Fenter in 1969 in Macon, Georgia.
AVIE works with various independent distributors worldwide making CDs available in over 30 countries.
Love Police Records or Love Police Records and Tapes is an independent record label based in Surry Hills, New South Wales.
Smells Like Records artists, past and present:
The one exception was the Finnish duo Dystopia's album The Second Dawn in 1998, but Harald Lervik says this was purely coincidental.
Simple ported versions were also released for the Commodore 64, Amstrad CPC and ZX Spectrum.
Compadre has also release a successful series of Texas music compilations.
Discos Fuentes is a record label based in Medellín, Colombia, South America.
Downtown Records is an American independent record label based in New York, New York with offices in Los Angeles.
In 1981, they created the Factory Sound Studio and the SAIFAM Group.
Distribution is contracted to Universal Music Group's Fontana Distribution, with manufacturing and external marketing by Universal's Interscope.
This line marked the CD debuts of songs from The Muppet Show, Fraggle Rock and the first two movies.
Activities include distribution, organizing concerts, promotion of culture and independent music.
Herwig denied being responsible for this which makes it all seem to be a hoax spread by Torrentfreak.
On September 16, 2009, Suburban Noize Records purchased Skunk Records and its catalog for an undisclosed sum.
The label was founded and established by Joachim Keil in September 1992.
Peter Lemongello released one album and a few singles for Private Stock after his debut Love '76.
Sound Riot Records is an independent record label founded in March 1994 in Brazil.
Supreme was a subsidiary of the Pama records label.
In 2016, Dynamics had three Grammy nominees, with their Louis C.K.
Two compilation albums have been released with different artists and projects Vuv Records Sampler Vol.1 in 2013 and Vuv Records Sampler Vol.2 in 2014.
Mas Flow has many connections to the East Coast; in fact most of their producing teams come from Massachusetts in the US.
Phantasy is a British independent record label established in London, England, and founded in 2007 by the DJ and producer, Erol Alkan.
As the rave scene split over the next year, Moving Shadow gravitated towards the emerging darkcore jungle scene.
Initially a singles label, Hip began to release albums after Stax's acquisition by Gulf & Western/Paramount in 1968.
Chancellor Records was a record label associated with ABC-Paramount Records, which initially distributed the smaller label.
Yer Bird Records moved from Charlottesville to Philadelphia, PA and has now settled in Calgary, Alberta, Canada starting early 2010.
Stretch Records is an American record company and label that was established in 1997 by Chick Corea and music industry veteran Ron Moss.
Shangri-La Music is an indie record label based in Santa Monica, California.
DFS Records is a record label founded in 2003 by record producer Dan "DFS" Johnson.
Its first hit was "Palisades Park" by Freddy Cannon, which was licensed from Swan Records.
It provides artists and independent labels with a full-service, "Virtual Label" alternative to signing with a major label.
The building is now the home of Willie Dixon's Blues Heaven Foundation.
Between 2007 and 2008, Collectables Records reissued forty compact discs' worth of Biograph recordings.
The Chappelle and Stinnette disc records are quite rare.
Fonotipia is not to be confused with the Phonotype record label which was active for part of the same period.
Fresh Sounds Records was a Lawrence, KS based independent record label run by local music promoter Bill Rich.
Do It Records was an independent record label in London, England.
The company was in business from 1912 through 1919.
Now, they make podcasts with other hardstyle artists and make songs under 'HARD with STYLE Origins' via this record label.
Nippon Columbia Co., Ltd., often pronounced Korombia, TYO: 6791, is a Japanese record label founded in 1910 as Nipponophone Co., Ltd..
The group released one studio album under the label which was well received by the public.
The band has released several music videos, singles, and one EP on Rockerrazzi Records.
The compilation was mastered at Different Fur Studios in San Francisco, and is available for free download.
He is most closely associated with the glitch, IDM, hardcore techno, and breakcore scenes.
C'est la Mort specialized in ethereal, ambient, dream pop and darkwave bands, and operated from 1984 to about 1994.
It was founded in 2009 The label was closed in 2012.
Rectangle is a French independent record label established in Paris by Quentin Rollet and Noël Akchoté in 1994.
Storyville Records is an international record company and label based in Copenhagen, Denmark, specializing in jazz and blues music.
De Wolfe Music is a British production music company that became the originator of what has become known as library music.
The label celebrated its tenth birthday in October 2008 with a party at Matter in the O2 Arena.
In May, 2006, PS Classics released their first London cast album, the London revival of Stephen Sondheim's Sunday in the Park with George.
In 2010, Backroad Records was formed as a subsidiary of Average Joe's, specializing in country rap.
It is also the organizer of the Sarajevo Jazz Festival and Xenophonia festival.
VDE-Gallo Records is a small record label, based in Lausanne, Switzerland.
It usually published electroacoustic, electronic and mixed works, trying to research a land between electronic and acoustic fields, pairing unorthodox instruments and materials.
The label opened a Detroit branch location in 2015, which added a pressing plant in 2017.
Split Femur Recordings is an independent record label based in the West Midlands, UK.
EGREM's archive comprises "the most extensive catalog of Cuban music in the world".
The label later moved to Nashville, Tennessee.
Both are primarily focused on urban music genres.
On 21 March 2011, the label released the debut album, Chasing After Ghosts, by The Crookes.
Broken World Media eschews the traditional independent record label approach to work with a wide variety of artists on a project-by-project basis.
His first platinum album was Life or Death, which was released in 1998.
Buddyhead was a music webzine and independent record label formed by Travis Keller in the summer of 1998 in Hollywood, California.
Modeselektor is a German electronic music duo consisting of Gernot Bronsert and Sebastian Szary.
When the label partnered with Warner Music distributor ADA, President David Orleans called Tender Loving Empire “a major force in the vibrant Portland music scene”.
Herbie Mann recorded for them, and had his own record label subsidiary there, Embryo Records, in the 1970s.
Brassland is an artist-operated independent record label started in 2001 by Alec Hanley Bemis, Aaron Dessner, and Bryce Dessner.
The label was located at 268 Newbury ST. in Boston, Massachusetts.
It concentrates on a relatively small number of pop acts and will complement the re-activated Fiction rock imprint.
The first such deal drawn up in 1993 with Billy Bragg who has since re-signed to the label a total of seven times.
Also new popular music, rock and jazz labels were founded.
It also produced ethnic sounds of the Ilocos, Cebu, Iloilo, Cordillera, Tausug, and Maranao tribes.
The label continues to be 100% independently owned and operated.
BIS focuses on classical music, both contemporary and early, especially works that are not already well represented by existing recordings.
A reviewer on Absolutepunk called The Quiet Life "a chaotic beauty of an album as well as [Christian's] most personal and eloquent effort to date."
Its sister label Water Music Dance releases albums, EPs and singles in the following genres: trance, dance and techno.
Dead Disco's 2006 single "Automatic" was announced as the final single.
Bigger Picture Music Group, formerly Big Picture Music Group, was an independent record label based in Nashville, Tennessee founded in 2008.
On March 24, 2015, the label signed its first act, rock band Hey Violet.
The catalogue included the Pye and Piccadilly/Dawn UK labels plus De-Lite, Sugarhill, Chelsea, Perception, Today, Maple and associated subsidiaries.
Suzy Records is a record label based in Zagreb, Croatia.
Hoo-Bangin' Records was recently released from its contract at Priority Records and Capitol Records and now signed a deal with Fontana Distribution.
Its declared mission is to fill niches in the recorded classical repertory, with an emphasis on romantic, late romantic and 20th-century music.
Redfield Records is a German independent label founded in Haan-Gruiten near Düsseldorf in 2001 and now residing in Melle near Osnabrück.
Caedmon Audio and HarperCollins Audio are record label imprints of HarperCollins Publishers that specializes in audiobooks and other literary content.
Sad Gnome Records was a small, independent record label, based in Oslo and London.
In 2005, British band Happy Mondays released their first new material in over 13 years on the Big Brother label, with the single "Playground Superstar".
Then-Senator Barack Obama stepped in to help the two musicians gain permission to enter the US.
The Track & Field Organization is a London-based independent record label, founded in 1999 by Steven Drew, Paul Wright and Russel Duke.
OCESA Seitrack is a Mexican record label and talent agency which is a subsidiary of Grupo CIE.
John Peel also invited Mieskuoro Huutajat to perform at the Meltdown Festival when he curated it in 1998.
Founded by Eric Osman to release Modern Baseball's Sports, the label has been hailed as one of Philadelphia's best indie labels.
The label's acts over the years have earned RIAA certifications of platinum or higher on 18 of its 24 released albums.
The first record released on this label was the Dance Hall Crashers album Purr in 1999.
The group draws heavily from IDM, glitch, electro house and hip hop.
Dirtys lead singer Joe Burdick claimed this was the reason Buick founded Italy Records in the first place.
Artoffact Records is a Canadian industrial, EBM and electronic music record label that was founded in 1999.
Their attendance at headlining shows went from 25 to 10,000 people in 3 years.
Star Trak is an American record label, founded by The Neptunes in 2001.
According to Till, the label ceased selling alternative electronic music as of December 2010.
In 2011 he resurrected the label to release a number of compilations and singles.
z o.o., is a Polish subsidiary of Universal Music Group, it was founded in 1998 in Warsaw.
S. Carter Records was a record label formed by Jay-Z.
Kay and Wilson parted ways in 1977.
The Noise catalogue was consequently acquired by Universal Music Group later on.
Hakatak International is an American independent record label founded by Paul Robb.
Releases were drawn from other recordings on other labels in the late 1920s, such as Banner, Gennett, Paramount Records and others.
It was owned and represented by Sven-Erik Geddes.
Tooth & Nail Records is a Christian rock record label founded by Brandon Ebel in California in November 1993.
It was then transformed into the national recording company, following the centralization-oriented socialist doctrine.
In some foreign markets Cameo-Parkway was also a label name, issuing records by artists from both labels.
In 2006, B.o.B was discovered by Brian Richardson, who then introduced him to TJ Chapman, who subsequently brought him to American record producer Jim Jonsin.
It was about the Texas progressive country music scene from 1963 through 1978.
Smart Patrol Records is a do it yourself record company from Bodø, Norway.
In 1994 Jon Claytor and Julie Doiron became business partners and ran the label together until 2000.
That year, Regan left MCA to revive 20th Century Records for 20th Century Fox.
Their first release, NY: The Next Wave, was a 20 track compilation featuring mostly unsigned and emerging acts from the area.
Many came out on the M2001 label which is closely linked to Brain.
Today, A&M's catalog releases are managed by Verve Records, Universal Music Enterprises and Interscope.
Brassland published this mission statement on its website: "Music is our current focus.
The label changed its name to PRT Records in 1980, before being briefly reactivated as Pye Records in 2006.
Notable releases included soundtrack albums for Honeymoon in Vegas, Singles, Sleepless in Seattle, Forrest Gump, Philadelphia, and Judgement Night.
ersguterjunge is an independent German hip hop label distributed by Sony BMG.
Musikverlag which was founded on April 1, 1968.
Some rooms are still as original, others have been modernized.
Good Music For All is an Indian Christian music label and distribution company.
Dindisc was a UK record label, an imprint of Virgin Records but operating semi-independently, which issued new releases from mid-1979 through early 1982.
Musica Omnia is an American record label specializing in classical music.
It is headquartered on Music Row and utilizes the combined resources of Big Machine Records and Universal Republic Records.
In the early 1990s, Hannibal was purchased by independent label Rykodisc.
All the remaining Mastered records in the label were given to the artists.
Though physical output has slowed, the main label still remains active as of 2016.
Thus Baratos Afins history became forever intertwined with thestory of rock in São Paulo.
J Storm, Inc. is a Japanese music and film company owned by Johnny & Associates.
ABC Music receives distribution from Universal Music Australia, and operates imprints including ABC Classics, ABC Kids and FOUR FOUR.
Dawn, Tony Terry, Glenn Jones, Adina Howard, Paul Young, Stephen Bishop, Magni, Brendan Keeley, Tevin Campbell, Leon and the Peoples, and numerous others.
The label was central to Epic's 1990s success, with 11 releases cumulatively selling more than 40 million records over a three-year period.
Perfect Game Recording Co. is a record label with no genre specificity based in New York City.
Recent years saw releases by Jason Downs and the hugely successful 2004 single by Eamon called "Fuck It," which were released through Jive/Zomba.
Announced on May 26, 2015, their goal is to "put artists in control of their art while providing them the best tools to manage their careers".
FiveSeven Music is a full service physical, digital and mobile independent record label operating with global sales, distribution and marketing capabilities.
BluesWay ceased operations in 1970, with Hooker, King and James Gang being transferred to the parent ABC Records label.
The label ceased operations after the release of Hot Gossip's "I Don't Depend On You" in February 1982, after Wilson failed to obtain a shareholding.
Mala Records was a small record label founded as a Bell Records subsidiary in 1959.
The label has shaped careers for artists such as Sunny Boy, OmPuff, Tre Van Die Kasie, TeQuila, Karlos Lokos, Chipolopolo, Richie and Kamasutra.
In 2010 Datablender has launched two online radio stations:
Instinct Records is a New York City electronic-music record label that first gained prominence in 1989.
In the United States, it operates through Island Records; in the UK, it is distributed by Virgin EMI Records.
It was formed in 2004 by music producer Dday One.
Dine Alone Records is a Canadian independent record label, founded in St. Catharines and Toronto by Joel Carriere.
Together with producer Phil Wilde Jean-Paul De Coster formed the producers duo behind famous Eurodance act 2 Unlimited in the beginning of the 1990s.
One of their earliest signings was the Cops, which issued an album, Stomp on Tripwires.
WE R Tomorrow is focusing on the upcoming talents.
At first it was based in Tiberias, Israel, but later moved its offices to Nashville, Tennessee, USA.
Adams initially started the label in order to release demo recordings of material that his former record label, Lost Highway Records, would not release.
The Scotti Brothers Records catalog is now wholly owned by Volcano Records.
The label also released Brownsville Station's album with the same name, and the singles "The Martian Boogie" and "(Lady) Put the Light on Me" in 1977.
In 2004, Remote Control established the Dot Dash record label, exclusively for Australian acts.
In 1957 Meteor Records issued its last recording and the Bihari brothers consolidated their labels in Los Angeles.
The company was founded by former Yellowcard guitarist Ben Harper and his friend Greg McDonald in 1997.
The label's current roster includes platinum-selling singer Daya.
The label is home to prominent K-pop artists such as F.T.
Mud Digger Vol 6 was released August 28, 2015.
The label primarily focuses on new talent, often overseeing early-stage development for acts that are destined for other labels such as J Records or Jive.
They are probably best known for their rap and R&B Old School compilations, as well as their Lowrider magazine compilations and videos.
In 2000, Ace Records of England purchased the assets of the original Flip Records catalog, and has been releasing this vintage music for the CD market.
In 1992, label manager Steve Reddy bought EVR from Cappo.
It is a privately held corporation with offices in Birmingham, Alabama, Los Angeles, and New Jersey.
"TK" was inspired by the initials of sound engineer Terry Kane, who built a recording studio on the second floor of Stone's office in Hialeah.
It is a joint venture with Bertelsmann Music Group.
It was originally distributed by its co-creator Arista Records from 1989 through 2001; after which it was shuttered and absorbed into Arista.
Its roster consisted mainly of pop punk and grunge bands, along with Ginn's solo records.
Gut continued to successfully release albums and singles worldwide, achieving millions of sales for artists including Sparks and Tears for Fears.
Reverberation is an Australian independent record label distributor.
Orange's distribution arm, Starcana Distribution, facilitates the national distribution of independent labels and artists.
G7 Welcoming Committee Records was a Canadian independent record label based in Winnipeg, Manitoba.
A new style was born at that time called Hardstyle.
Aphonia Recordings is an independent record label founded by Ben L. Robertson and Andrew Senna in Seattle, Washington in 2006.
Records is a Spanish label from Basque Country formed in 1998 by Gorka Munster and Juan-Mari Iturrarte.
The label also dropped seventh studio album by King Gordy titled Xerxes The God-King.
They pioneered hardcore techno, gabber, amigacore and cheapcore music in the Australian market.
Confusingly, since 2006 another label has been trading as "Free-Spirit Records", only the hyphen differentiating between the two.
Vitamin Records has also released an album honoring songs from the popular video game series Guitar Hero.
Mailboat's first release was Buffett's Buffett Live: Tuesdays, Thursdays, Saturdays.
Over the next decades its artists included Isaac Stern, Pablo Casals, Glenn Gould, Eugene Ormandy, Vangelis, Elliot Goldenthal, Leonard Bernstein and John Williams.
Archeophone Records is a record company and label founded in 1998 to document the early days of America's recording history.
The resulting company stopped using the Cameo name in the 1930s.
Swift's father owns a stake in the record label.
This Is Art Recordings is a Leeds based record label set up in early 2003 to promote local artists.
Full Time Hobby is an independent record label formed in London in January 2004.
Mike Williams also produced albums for Allen Damron, Austin Texas musician and Kerrville Folk Festival aficionado.
Its second logo of Sir John Tenniel's drawing of the Mad Hatter made the label instantly recognisable.
VICE Media broadcasts two news programs on HBO.
As a result, there is no catalogue number for the releases, simply states.
Invisiblegirl Records is an independent record label, based in Manchester, England, UK.
PICAP is a Catalan record label headquartered in Castellar del Vallès, Spain.
Starting as a label that specialized in fiddle music, they began releasing work by Celtic groups such as Planxty and Clannad.
The current president of the label is Chris Poland.
This was followed in early 2006 by the release of another eponymous debut album from Adam's own band Whysall Lane.
Since 2011, 19 Recordings partnered with Universal Music Group for distribution through Interscope Geffen A&M.
Warner-Spector Records was a record label formed on October 12, 1974 as an outlet for Phil Spector productions by Warner Bros. Records.
Leian Limms & Bijou Winters - Skin Sketches
Grafton Entertainment is an artist management company and record label, with dual-headquarters in both United Kingdom and Nigeria.
The recording studio was located in New York City.
The label began in 1990, operating from Playford's Stevenage home.
Along with other labels founded around the same time, such as DRO Records, Grabaciones Accidentales is considered to be one of Spain's first independent record labels.
Peek-A-Boo Records is an Austin, Texas based independent record label, self-proclaimed as a small but enthusiastic record label dedicated to independent music in Texas.
Neon Gold Records is a New York City-based boutique record label founded in 2008 by Derek Davies and Lizzy Plapinger.
The label has also recorded Mohammed Fairouz's first opera, Sumeida's Song  as well as operas by William Bolcom, Allen Shawn, Tod Machover and John Musto.
This is a complete discography of Hydra Head Records releases.
The rest of United's output was eventually acquired by Bob Koester of Delmark Records, which has made most of it available through LP and CD reissues.
Fullsteam Agency is the main independent concert promoter and booking agency in Finland.
For this reason Tower is often associated with the garage rock phenomenon of the 1960s.
In May 2008, Universal Music Group bought Univision Music Group and combined it with its Latin genre to become Universal Music Latin Entertainment.
Soon after it was founded, the name was changed to Aladdin.
Sabre Records was a Chicago-based label founded in 1953 by Art Sheridan.
EMI America Records was started in 1978 by EMI as a second US label next to Capitol Records and Virgin Records America.
The label mostly released material by artists and speakers with a radical left-wing point of view.
The label specializes in artists of various subgenres of indie pop and is distributed by Bang!
The retail component of the village has declined with competition from Towson Town Center to the north and Harbor East to the South.
Highland Records is a defunct record label that was based in California in the 1960s and 1970s.
The Noise Company LLC was incorporated on January 22, 2011.
Tauheed Epps, known professionally as 2 Chainz, is an American rapper, record producer and songwriter.
The label was founded in 2011 by Nick Triani.
Leaning House produced recordings by Earl Harvin, Shelley Carroll, Wessell Anderson, Donald Edwards, Fred Sanders, and the Fantastic Voices of Harmony.
Derby Records was an independent record label founded by Larry Newton in 1949.
Fringe usually released albums and mini-lps in two formats at once.
In the 1970s, it found itself in direct competition with K-tel and other compilation labels.
Ever Reviled Records was a record label founded by Darren Deicide.
In 2008, the label underwent a restructuring which resulted in Adam Gregory being promoted by Big Machine Records while maintaining affiliation with Midas.
The label proceeded to release productions by many major Jamaican performers, including The Wailers and early sessions of Bob Marley and the Wailers.
Records website, none are being manufactured any longer; and many are now out of print, including all of the Freakbeat and Flashbacks discs.
Between 2007 and 2011, they released various mixtape albums through Datpiff.com.
East Park Productions is a Canadian independent record label operated by Canadian Hip Hop pioneer and producer Kory Neely since 1987.
Apple Records is a record label founded by the Beatles in 1968, as a division of Apple Corps Ltd.
The output consisted primarily of dance music and popular vocals.
A later independent reissue label called Dunhill Compact Classics was formed in 1986 to reissue recordings on the new CD format.
Society Recordings was a mid-20th century United States based record label.
The label went out of business in the early 1990s.
The company is currently part of the Capitol Music Group.
Gray Matters is an imprint record label structured underneath the Nettwerk Music Group.
In the 1960s, Modern Records went bankrupt and ceased operations, but the catalogue went with the management into what became Kent Records.
The label was managed by Rob Manly and specialised in deep house music which was popular in clubs at the time.
Most of the groups belonging to this label play instrumental rock and related genres such as jazz rock and electronica.
The original incarnation of the label folded in 1978, after which Elektra Records took over its power-pop imprint label Beserkley.
Western Vinyl is an independent record label founded in 1998 and based in Austin, Texas.
They also intend to, in the spirit of the label's original purpose, sign original heavy talent for singles, EPs and compilation albums.
Records is an American record label based in Brooklyn, New York that releases various types of electronic music.
Sena also runs the Smárabíó, Regnboginn and Borgarbíó Akureyri movie theaters.
It is best known for its YouTube videos including "Lemme Smang It" and "Did I Mention I Like to Dance."
MCA Canada formally abandoned the trademark in 1984.
It was founded by Lee Stoller in 1972.
Lex Records is an independent record label based in Camden, London.
War of Ages, For Today, Sleeping Giant and others make up the self-described "Facedown Family".
It also released recordings by Canadian artists for both the Anglophone and Francophone communities.
Black Patti Records was a short-lived record label in Chicago founded by Mayo Williams in 1927.
It was founded in 1964 after the nationalization of the Cuban music industry, absorbing the assets of Panart.
The BNA name was retired in June 2012, with the last remaining artists moving to a newly re-established Columbia Nashville.
The label was formed in 1998 by Konny Eisenring, after he left Black Rills Records, and Patrick Becker.
This was also the launch of Epic/Portrait/Associated under the CBS moniker.
But due to the bad economical climate in the music industry Byte had to reduce his activities over the years.
The company's main headquarters were at 67 Brook Street, in London's Mayfair.
Lovepump United is an independent record label founded in 2004 by then - Vassar College students Jake Friedman and Mookie Singerman in Poughkeepsie, New York.
SST initially focused on releasing material by hardcore punk groups from Southern California.
Amongst the bands appearing on this series of records included Pulled Apart by Horses, Das Racist, Paul Thomas Saunders, Holy State, Bear Hands & Suckers.
In 2010, the president of Trustkill, Josh Grabelle, formed a new label called Bullet Tooth Records.
Ghetto Youths Crew is a record label founded by the Marley Brothers to help underprivileged youths who fight the struggle to survive.
That duality was reflected in all the early DinDisc signings, like Martha and the Muffins, and then the Monochrome Set."
Contemporary compatibilists instead identify free will as a psychological capacity, such as to direct one's behavior in a way responsive to reason.
In 2002, Chocolate Industries released the Urban Renewal Program compilation album.
Greasy Geezer’s first releases were UK Garage titles.
The independent label later became distributed by Philadelphia-based Cameo-Parkway Records which featured the Flint-based pop band Terry Knight and the Pack.
Salt Records have recording studios in London and Ibiza and are distributed by !K7 in Berlin.
It has released albums by the majority of the signed bands that are part of H8000.
Next to Wells, Allen had the most singles on the label.
Comedy Dynamics' first-ever original series, Coming To The Stage, launched on May 6, 2015.
GospoCentric was recently purchased by Zomba Music Group, which also owns major gospel label Verity Records.
The label was founded by Boomer Castleman, who sold it to BMG Music in 1993.
It was announced in December 2016 that the event was to move to Lulworth Castle, Dorset, which also hosts Camp Bestival.
Original manufacturing and distribution was through Island Records, moving to EMI in 1977 and then onto Polydor Records in 1980.
To date Trepan Records has released three Cranial Connections compilation albums; a fourth was due to coincide with Easter 2008.
It was established following Idibia's departure from Kennis Music, a record label owned by Kehinde "Kenny" Ogungbe and Dayo Adeneye.
It also has a European division in Mannheim, Germany.
The label was founded in 2008 by South Australian hip hop trio Hilltop Hoods.
Other leading label groups were Index, Pulse Legion, Unit:187, Pain Emission and The Razor Skyline.
Harvest Records is a British record label belonging to Capitol Music Group, originally created by EMI, active from 1969 to present.
Alternative Tentacles is an independent record label established in 1979 in San Francisco, California.
USA Records worldwide rights were acquired by 43 North Broadway, LLC in 2015.
KIX-4: Ivory Joe Hunter: 7th Street Boogie
Herald was founded in 1952 by Fred Mendelsohn and Al Silver.
Some of the music has also been reviewed on CBC Radio.
It was founded in 1974 by Eddie O'Loughlin and Bob Reno.
N2O has become the label of release for experimental indie side projects and solo endeavors for some major label mainstream musicians, producers, and individual band members.
The record label has been called "key to the development of independent music" since the 1980s.
Ruby was distributed through the same independent distributors that handled its corporate parent, Slash.
Other than will.i.am, there are popular artists such as Fergie, Macy Gray, Cheryl and Sérgio Mendes signed to the label.
Neat Records was a record label based near Newcastle, England.
It was founded in 1982 by Chicago singer-songwriter Steve Goodman with help from his manager Al Bunetta.
Shimmy Disc is an American independent record label founded in 1987 by Kramer.
Sutro Park - Vinyl reissues of classic and contemporary music
It was founded by E. Alan Silver and James Goodfriend.
In 2007 the label started to sign other artists, making its first deals with international groups such as Virgins O.R.
Their most recent release is by singer-songwriter Joshua Fisher who released his debut EP "Atlas" on 25 October 2010.
Buddyhead Records was an independent record label from Hollywood, California that sprouted from the website of the same name.
Mythical Records is a prominent record label in the electro-acoustic and experimental music genres.
In Belgium, its releases were handled by Fonior.
It was a major factor in the creation of Southern soul and Memphis soul music.
Hydra Head Records is an independent record company based in Los Angeles, California, founded in 1993 by Aaron Turner.
The events have grown into a recurring series of club parties in major electronic music markets such as: The Netherlands, Germany, England, Spain and the U.S.
It is classified more commonly as a softwood than as a hardwood, because 80% of lumber comes from softwood.
Two years later, the label released Saukrates' debut album, The Underground Tapes.
Playboy Records was an American record label, based in Los Angeles, California, and a unit of Playboy Enterprises.
Grau Records is a record label based in Germany.
It is his alternate R&B/Hip hop label.
With its A&R headquarters also here in London and manufacturing handled in the Netherlands it supplies majority of electronic music stores around the globe.
It oversees handling of record labels assigned to UMG's Capitol Records division and were inherited from its acquisition of EMI's catalog in 2013).
They have usually limited the prints to 1000 copies or less, but some have been known to vary.
Both records qualified for a silver disc in the UK.
In the late 90’s Evoke records was an art label producing limited run releases that were distributed mainly at art galleries.
Through a number of imprints, Naxos also releases genres including Chinese music, jazz, world music, and early rock & roll.
So Cow compiles the best of Kelly's singles and self-released CDs so far, remastered by underground rock luminary Bob Weston.
In June 2017, Vice secured a $450 million investment from private-equity firm TPG to increase spending on scripted programming and ongoing international expansion.
Two studio albums and one live album by Osbourne were released on Jet.
Today, Okeh is an imprint of Sony Masterworks, a specialty label of Columbia.
The record label was initially set-up to release music by hard to find Japanese artists in the UK.
It was started as an entry into the R&B market.
The label was later distributed through the 1990s by the EMI labels Priority Records, Noo Trybe Records and Noo Trybe's parent label Virgin Records.
It was made available to fans through the PledgeMusic service.
The label was initially formed to release Sucks Blood, the sixth studio album by Dwyer's band, Thee Oh Sees.
Trend Records was a post-World War II United States jazz record label.
In December 2008, the label announced it was ceasing operations.
The word about DHR spread to underground scenes in Japan, USA, Australia and Europe.
is a song written in October 1962, with lyrics by Noël Regney and music by Gloria Shayne Baker.
ABC produced music in a variety of genres: pop, rock, jazz, country, rhythm and blues, soundtrack, gospel, and polka.
It was founded in 1999 by Gordon Dufresne.
It was founded by American rapper Hopsin.
Luke Records is the record label formed in 1985 by Luther Campbell and David Chackler, former frontman of 2 Live Crew.
In the summer of 1967 Adler sold his shares to ABC Records, creating ABC-Dunhill Records, after which he started yet another label Ode Records.
Moby Dick Records was a small disco record label founded by Bill Motley and Victor Swedosh in 1980.
The Paramount catalog is now owned by Universal Music Group and managed by Geffen Records.
It began in 1958 and finished 1965 after releasing 80 or so singles.
Irangaam Records is a record label based in Enqelab Street , Tehran .
Retard Disco is a Los Angeles-based record label operated in the United States.
The first label full-length release was the California Cyber Crash Compilation.
Razzia Records is an independent record label based in Stockholm, Sweden.
Says Jerome Sydenham, "There isn't really an Ibadan sound.
Most of the artists became popular in Belgium, The Netherlands and Germany like Timeshift, CB Milton, Red 5, Sash!
Miranda Lee Richards - Echoes of the Dreamtime
The label ran until late 1972 when it started to try to place its artists with other labels as its distribution via Polydor had ceased.
Some of the artists to have their work released on the label include the Abbey Tavern Singers, Terry Black, and Marg Osburne.
From 1969 to 1973, Curb merged with MGM Records where Curb served as President of MGM and Verve Records.
Deathwish's first release was Deeper the Wound, a split album between Converge and Japanese band Hellchild on April 23, 2001.
In the 2000s, Saukrates produced records for his group Big Black Lincoln, and R&B singer Andreena Mill.
It operated as a division of The Island Def Jam.
The label specialises in indie pop, and has released both recordings by local artists and local releases by international indie bands.
In 2007, the label launched a pop music oriented label called 10 Spot Records devoted to developing talented singer/songwriters.
Presently, as of October 2015, mau5trap has gone independent with music-rights and publishing at Kobalt.
It was distributed by BMG Music in Canada, and by other labels internationally including Atlantic Records.
It is named after Snoop's debut album, Doggystyle.
Bad Religion guitarist Brett Gurewitz was an employee, and Chameleon distributed his early Epitaph releases, such as L7's self-titled debut and T.S.O.L.
A review of this compilation described the music of Darlin' as "daft punk" and the band subsequently changed their name.
Dixieland Jubilee Records was a United States record label of the 1950s that featured Dixieland and jug band music.
They produce records, as well as license material from other international labels.
Show Dog-Universal Music is an American independent record label specializing in country music artists.
Over time, Leonard bought the others out, and by 1948, only he and Evelyn Aron ran the firm.
The label was originally called Luke Skyywalker Records, however because it was not found to be of fair use, Campbell shortened his pseudonym to Luke.
Australian releases under Etcetc include Mylo's Destroy Rock & Roll and The Knife's Deep Cuts.
Although first albums under the label Universal Music Polska have been released in 1999.
On 15 April 2004, it began producing its first TV program, VIP Stars, which is broadcast on RTV BN.
To date, Enhanced’s output includes over 1100 releases, including over 800 singles and EP’s, 25 full-length albums and hundreds of digital compilations.
The label headquarters is currently located in California.
Discs sponsored the Fulchester United team, the club of Billy the Fish in Viz comic.
Recording venues include Abbey Road Studios in London, The Barocksaal in Austria and the Scuola Grande di San Giovanni Evangelista in Venice, among others.
His first signing was Billie Piper, followed by Martine McCutcheon, along with several dance acts Todd Terry to name one.
In 2008 the Pluxus album Solid State was rereleased by Kompakt.
The label was absorbed in 2000 by Epic Records, it was part of the restructuring when Tommy Mottola was leaving Sony Music.
It is also responsible for Sony BMG's immense archives of film scores.
Perfecto Records is a United Kingdom-based trance record label, founded by Paul Oakenfold in 1989.
The label has marked up 80 releases as of 2014.
The label specializes in high quality vinyl pressings of minimal synth and new wave artists from all over the world."
The last Garage Shock, in 2001, was held at Emo's, in Austin, Texas.
It is not connected with the Australian label.
In the 1980s, the original company was sold to Dutch entrepreneur Herman Heinsbroek, who expanded the company into a worldwide multi-media company.
The label continues to be active, and recently released Didn't You, My Dear?
A third Champion label was started in the mid-1950s by the songwriter and record producer Ted Jarrett, in partnership with Alan and Reynolds Bubis.
Kama Sutra Records was started in 1964 by Arthur "Artie" Ripp, Hy Mizrahi and Phil Steinberg as Kama Sutra Productions, a production house.
Interscope Geffen A&M Records is an American record company.
The label later moved to Seattle, Washington where it is situated today.
Carnival Music Company is an independent music publishing company located in Nashville, Tennessee.
Currently home to eight artists, the label focuses on releasing experimental and electronic music.
[1] In 2011 Juelz Santana will release his second studio album in a joint venture 50/50 with Def Jam on June 15 [2]
Some were Holland natives, and others had come to attend local colleges and universities.
In addition, Gene's brother Bob Schwartz also became involved in the company.
He says that people in Atlanta have their own individual style.
It has been under ownership of Universal Music Group and has recently expanded to scope newer artists.
The label operates on behalf of El Saturn Records and features a number of artists from the University of Chicago.
Tamra's OC Wedding is an American reality documentary television series on Bravo that debut on September 2, 2013.
The label was founded by Thurston Moore and Kim Gordon of Sonic Youth with Stephan Said.
is the second vanity label Manson has operated, the first being Posthuman Records, which functioned within Priority Records between 2000 and 2002.
It was the first independent punk rock label in the UK.
Buluu Dunhill Records was an offshoot of the ABC/Dunhill days using catalog series #B-73001 and #B-60001.
It became inactive in 2000 and began releasing music again in September 2012.
Galilee of the Nations is a record label founded in 1997 in the Galilee, Israel.
The recording is playable at standard resolution on standard DVD players, and at high resolution on DVD-Audio players.
The label has been distributed by which ever label the band has been on.
archiv für ton und nichtton” is meant to be a platform — a network covering the overlapping border areas of pop, art and science.
ACT started as a pop music label, but folded not long after it started.
According to IFPI Switzerland, it had also nearly two-thirds of the digital sales and downloads in Switzerland.
Hannibal began releasing records under the world music banner.
They began in the late 1990s, putting on various underground parties/nights.
Lynx Entertainment is a Ghanaian-based record label founded in 2006 by award-winning producer, singer-songwriter Richie Mensah.
For the current hip hop imprint also under Jive/Zomba, see Battery Records
With the help of his protégé, Philadelphia-based rapper Cassidy, who was the first artist signed, the label was able to establish itself.
The musicians signed at Sun Records made music that laid the foundation of rock and roll in the 20th century.
ECR Music Group is an American independent music company based in Manhattan.
Bonsound is an artist management company, a record label, a booking agency, a concert promoter and a promotion & publicity agency.
The companies’ roots stem from the Beggars Banquet record shops, which first opened in 1973 with a shop in Earls Court, London.
As part of the tour the band would headline a new Melbourne based hardcore festival called Break The Ice.
Brassland is based in Brooklyn, New York, though has claimed to operate "a satellite office in California."
Paper Bag Records is a Canadian independent record label, artist-management company and music publisher, founded in 2002 and based in Toronto, Ontario.
Hydra Head Records is an independent record label that specializes in extreme metal music, founded in New Mexico by Aaron Turner in 1993.
It specialized in blues, jazz, doo-wop, and gospel.
Acting as record label, Modiba released his self-titled debut and donated 10% of the album's proceeds to their Fight Malaria campaign in Toure's hometown, Niafunké.
Wand Records was started by Florence Greenberg in 1961 as a subsidiary of Scepter Records.
The label was largely active between 1984 and 1987.
The logo of the label was created by Nelson, who has an associate degree in advertising design.
Centaur has distributors in the U.S., Canada, Great Britain, Germany, France, Italy, Belgium, the Netherlands, Norway, Denmark, the Czech Republic, Japan, China, Taiwan, and South Korea.
Hydra Head was founded in 1993 as a distribution company while Turner was still in high school.
Aware Records is an American record label.
Universal Motown Records was an American record label that operated as a division of Universal Motown Republic Group.
In mid-1999, with several albums still awaiting release, Warhead Records ceased trading.
The label specializes in high-resolution recordings of acoustic music.
The label was acquired in August 1922 by Scranton Button Company.
Retail billionaire Sir Philip Green, a close friend of Cowell, serves as an advisor to the company.
Strange Famous Records is an indie hip hop record label based in Providence, Rhode Island.
Ibiza Voice praised the label for being "one of the most freethinking and consistent techno labels on the US West Coast".
China Record Corporation is the Chinese government's oldest and largest record company.
Its brother labels are Threshold House and Eskaton.
It is best known for its series of releases featuring Harry Partch and Henry Brant.
In the Facebook note he also said that the first record released by the label would be his project Księga życia by his side-project Egzegeza.
Other subisidiaries include disco polo oriented Blue Mix and Małe MTJ witch released children's music.
Its eventual success was despite the collapse of the record’s early distributor Red Rhino, which wiped out the label's finances.
Its most well-known artists from both eras are hip hop acts Audio Two and MC Lyte, and singers Eamon and Jason Downs.
Sena specializes in the distribution of music, films and videos.
The vision came to Alex as he listened to Slayer in the form of a lion with the face of Jesus.
As a result, the work on this label tends towards free improvisation and experimental music.
This is the first time since 1982 that an independent music publishing company has won this award.
However, immediately before Mordam merged with Lumberjack Distribution in 2005, Cheppaikode chose to switch to RedEye Distribution.
It was established by Victoria Paterson in 2006 and is based in New York, New York.
LS released Lane's first singles in 1976, and her first charting singles, "Trying to Forget About You" and "Sweet Deceiver" in 1977.
The label tried hard to break into the R&B market.
The Chess catalogue is currently owned by Universal Music Group and managed by Geffen Records.
D-Noy Muzik is a label founded by Daniel Desnoyers in June 1999 within the Donald K. Donald Group.
Arc Records was a record label based in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.
Kapp's subsidiaries included Medallion Records, Congress Records, Leader Records, and Four Corners Records with its "4 Corners of the World" log.
In August 2008, Time Unlimited and the German sample & sound design company Ueberschall launched the "Trance ID 2" remix contest.
Chalfont made two premier soundtrack recordings: John Williams' The Empire Strikes Back and Erich Wolfgang Korngold's Kings Row.
Full Moon Productions was a record company started in 1991 by Jon "Thorns" Jamshid from Lakeland, Florida.
Current artists include The Coathangers, [L.A. Witch], Nü Sensae, This Will Destroy You, Audacity, Guantanamo Baywatch, White Woods, and Yamantaka // Sonic Titan.
On March 26, on 106 & Park, Ginuwine stated that his second single will feature Missy Elliott and describe to album as a sort of reunion.
Prior to releasing on Yer Bird, Garcia had both self-released, Sheep & Wolf) and worked with notable Midwest labels Supermedic Records) and Abandoned Scout Camp).
Although LPs are still available from the Bomp!
Abbott started the label a year after the on-stage murder of his brother, Dimebag Darrell, on December 8, 2004.
Distort Entertainment is a Canadian independent record label based in Toronto, Ontario.
The Blue Room Fire Truck was a blue-painted emergency vehicle used as a promotional device, and attended the 1998 Burning Man Festival
Their company blog, The WOW Report, was named Best Counter Culture Blog by LA Weekly.
B.F. Deal Publishing also produced a limited edition book titled Texas Genesis.
Its catalog includes independent releases by Machine Gun Kelly, Lega-C, Wiz Khalifa, Lisa "Left Eye" Lopes, Big Sean, Rhymefest and Ceddy Bu Rap Sumo.
Since early 2004 dance act Sylver is the only remaining act signed by Byte Records.
The library consists of over 80,000 tracks, all pre-cleared for licensing and synchronisation.
The label was set up by Gil Goldberg and can count acts such as Gossip, Chromeo, Seelenluft, The Similou, Ali Love and Teenagersintokyo among its roster.
System established its drum and bass imprint, Human Imprint, in 2002 with Dieselboy at its helm.
The label originated as a 1989 offshoot of Beggars Banquet Records.
A retail label was launched in 1995 to release new albums from established and developing artists, including Dar Williams, Graham Parker and Marshall Crenshaw.
In the late 1990s Full Moon Productions put out the A Tribute to Hell – Satanic Rites compilation CD.
Clark wrote or co-wrote all 12 of the songs and it features Vince Gill on background vocals.
In May 1984, 16th Avenue Records was relocated to Nashville, Tennessee.
The following year, Citinite gained further exposure  with their second event, a collaboration with Glasgow's LuckyMe music and arts collective.
Thrive Records is a United States based independent electronic record label.
The label was founded by Beat Happening frontman Calvin Johnson and managed for many years by Candice Pedersen.
The label sued the band for breach of contract, then was formally disbanded in 1977.
Spark Records was a record label started by Jerry Leiber and Mike Stoller around 1954.
True Tone Records was a United States based record label producing 78 disc records of Dixieland jazz in the 1950s.
Music For a Cause is a record label, founded in 2003, and operating in Los Angeles, Nashville, New York, and Micanopy, FL.
Motown played an important role in the racial integration of popular music as an African American-owned record label that achieved significant crossover success.
Jazz artists include Tony Gould, Bob Sedergreen, Keith Hounslow, John Sangster, Emma Gilmartin, Ted Vining, the Alan Lee/Jo Abbott Quartet, Debra Blaquiere, and others.
Instant Composers Pool is an independent Dutch jazz and improvised music label and orchestra.
Pivotal Management has also assisted other artists either in a professional or consultative/advisory capacity such as The Unguided, Vanisher, and Zonaria among many others.
Fortissimo Records is an independent record label and promoting collective from Milton Keynes, England run by Action Beats Don McLean.
The records were distributed by Dot Records until 1971.
The label has supported numerous Australian artists and bands, including The Smith Street Band, The Bennies, Luca Brasi and many more.
EarthSync also produces world music visual projects to document rare music performances in native locations.
Gan-Shin is an independent European rock music record label.
Tesco Organisation is a German record label, mail order company and distributor, specialising in industrial, noise, neofolk and ambient music.
His debut album, My Krazy Life, was released on March 18, 2014 by Pu$haz Ink, CTE World and Def Jam, and received critical acclaim.
Charles Eddie-Lee Hamilton, Jr., is an American hip hop recording artist and record producer from Harlem, New York City, New York.
The label plays a big role in the Mshasho/GMP war.
The label's last release was Ivo Perelman's Cama de terra in 1996.
It specialized in blues, doo-wop, jazz, and gospel.
Cordova Bay Records is a faithful supporter of independent music on the West Coast.
The Capital Artists logo is a lower-case "c" merged into a lower-case, slightly larger, "a".
Planet Mu is an English electronic music record label run by Mike Paradinas.
Dangerhouse Records was an influential punk music record label based in Los Angeles, California
Cold Chillin', however, continued to lose steam, and folded in 1998.
The label claims to be the longest-running classical record label operating in Australia.
Warner Music Poland catalogue includes also EMI Music Poland releases before it was renamed in 2013 to Parlophone.
The label's first two releases were debut albums by The National and Clogs which were influential in shaping two tendencies in early 21st century independent music.
Total Experience Records was a record label founded by Lonnie Simmons.
Burnt Hair Records was a record label involved with Michigan's space rock alternative music scene in the 1990s.
The merged label's name echoes the moniker used by Sony Classical's predecessor, Columbia Masterworks.
The label was known for its intricate packaging/graphic design.
Some of their releases could be classified as progressive rock or art rock, experimental music, industrial, ambient, or new age.
New Disorder Records is an independent record label based in San Francisco, California.
The label's first success came with instrumental group the Champs, who had their biggest hit in 1958 with "Tequila".
The label is also working on a clothing line and instructional dance DVD called Flow with the Flossy".
It was started in 2006 by Chris Speed, among others.
Revenant's 2001 box set, Screamin' and Hollerin' the Blues: The Worlds of Charley Patton, won three Grammy Awards in 2003.
Red House Records is an independent Grammy-winning folk, roots, and Americana record label.
On their 10th anniversary, The Guardian said it was "the centre of New York's other music scene.".
They distributed world-wide and carried many independent labels.
Direction Records was an American record label, founded in 1968 by Bobby Darin to release his own recordings.
Talib did confirm to AllHipHop.com that Warner Bros. would still distribute Reflection Eternal & Talib Kweli projects but not any other Blacksmith acts.
Frontline Records was a Christian record label founded in 1986 by James Kempner.
Tower Records was an American record label from 1964 to 1970.
Hammock Music released Slow Meadow's self-titled debut in August 2015.
Blue Thumb's last record was released in 1978.
Adaadat is an Independent record label based in London releasing an eclectic mixture of Experimental Music, Chiptune, Noise Music, Art Rock, IDM and Breakcore.
will.i.am music group is a vanity label founded by music artist will.i.am of The Black Eyed Peas.
The album did not sell and Henson even sued BMG for not selling enough copies, thus ending the label.
Remote Control represents the following international record labels in Australia and New Zealand, including 4AD, Matador Records, Rough Trade, True Panther, XL Recordings & Young Turks.
It is now located at 150 Bellam Street in San Rafael, California.
It was founded by Devin Horwitz in 2003.
Original Sound is a Los Angeles, California-based record label.
They specialized in dance music; cabaret and Broadway personalities; and niche acts like Casper Reardon and Bruz Fletcher.
The Kingsmen acquired full ownership of their Wand catalog in court from Gusto for nonpayment of royalties.
For Life Music Entertainment Inc. is a Japanese record label founded in 1975.
Clover Records was a United States based record label of the 1920s.
Peacefrog is also an active and successful music publishing company.
Downtown music is a subdivision of American music, closely related to experimental music.
Started in 1969 by Paul Cassidy, Randy Byron and Mark and Tim Roller.
Scantraxx Reloaded was a Dutch record label and sub label of Scantraxx Records.
As of November 2016, the company have almost 3,000 videos uploaded on DailyMotion, none of which have any notices linking them to their copyright owners.
The stated purpose of the company is "to produce music that draws people to Jesus".
The Dynamic catalogue contains over 400 titles, with about 25 new titles added each year and is distributed in 32 countries.
In 2005 Dipset moved away from Roc-a-Fella and Cam'Ron sold Juelz Santana's contract back to Def Jam.
In the middle of 2003 Harthouse planned to re-release a set of old classic singles, but after some test vinyl was pressed, UCMG was closed.
American Laundromat Records is an independent record label founded in 2004 by Joe Spadaro.
Formerly Caedmon Records, the name was changed when the label switched to CD-only production.
A small number of individual artists were signed or transferred to this label in the early 2000s.
Concord issues live recordings from festivals and other venues, including a series of piano recitals from Maybeck Recital Hall in Berkeley, California, by many well-known pianists.
He was also the owner of Nashville Compact Disc.
The label features bands who are primarily indie rock/pop, and are best known for signing Dundee based four-piece The View.
Mashin is a village in Taftan-e Jonubi Rural District, Nukabad District, Khash County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.
The label operated in Dallas's Exposition Park from 1989 to 1995.
The label's debut, Ray J's Raydiation album—released September 2005—included the top twenty hit "One Wish" and went on to sell 1 million copies worldwide.
GNP Crescendo Record Co. is an independent record label founded in 1954 by Gene Norman.
Zarjazz was formed in 1984 by Madness, a British ska band.
Mass Appeal Records is an American independent record label founded in 2014.
Trost Records is an Austrian record label located in Vienna.
On reaching the catalogue number SARAH 100 the label celebrated its centenary by throwing a party and shutting itself down.
It was voted "Best New Record label" in The Village Voice's Best of New York issue in 2004.
It was replaced by one of Tibet's earlier labels, Coptic Cat, in 2010.
Records was a British independent record label based in Wallasey, Merseyside formed by Peter Leay and Barry Lancaster-Smith in 1987.
Zéro Musique is a record label based in Quebec, Canada, that is mostly devoted to the work of comic François Pérusse.
PGP-RTB was a major state-owned record label and chain record store in the former SFR Yugoslavia, based in Belgrade, Socialist Republic of Serbia.
Tzadik is a not-for-profit, cooperative record label.
They organized masterclass' for youth, gave lectures, simply communicated with youth and gave their experience.
Singerman is also the vocalist for Philadelphia based, "cybergrind" band Genghis Tron whose "Cloak of Love" EP was the second Lovepump release.
In 2013, the Steven Wilson release The Raven That Refused To Sing received the Album of the Year award at the Progressive Music Awards.
The Greasy Geezers label was disbanded and repackaged as a dance production house collaborating with other dance acts and producers on the I-innovate roster.
GGO is one of the last French alternative labels.
Cast members of the Paramount Television series The Brady Bunch were signed, and the label issued several tie-in albums and singles.
Afrojack regularly features in the top 10 of DJ Mag Top 100 DJs.
Since its inception it has released records by artists such as White Denim, Tunng, The Hold Steady, Timber Timbre and School Of Seven Bells.
The label is known for releasing music by notable artists in reggae, dancehall and soca.
It is named after Broadrick's own recording studio, Avalanche Studios, and mainly releases Justin Broadrick's side projects.
In 2004, Lujo Records relocated to Washington, DC, and Jocelyn Toews bought 50% of the label.
The label lasted from 1962 to 1965.
The name came from the 1960s band The Creation, whom McGee greatly admired.
Noyes artists are distributed nationally though Sonic Unyon, and are available on Zunior.com.
This feat remains unduplicated by any record label to date.
The label was the first independent to produce two platinum records.
The above 4 releases were half-speed mastered at Abbey Road studios by Miles Showell.
Stephens began his career in the early 1990s with Devyne featuring 90 Miles an Hour.
Originally distributed by MMS in Germany, later on by Intergroove across Europe.
It is a joint venture of Williams Street Studios and Warner Music Group and it is distributed through Alternative Distribution Alliance.
He bought Green Noise record store in Portland, Oregon in 2005 and now runs the label from there.
It is one of the most successful German record labels of the 1980s and 1990s.
The new deal signed with Sony means this process is on hold for the foreseeable future.
UMEK started the label to promote tracks from talented artists, regardless of their fame and the strength of previous releases.
The label took its name from an old Cuban song by the singer Reinaldo Bolaño.
Since 2006, the label has released very few releases, and has booked even fewer shows.
Finally around late 1959, the company issued their singles on a green label with silver print.
Many of the early releases were part of the jazz dance scene.
In 2006, performer Dana Scallon and her husband Damien Scallon formed their own music production company DS Music Productions.
Records, being launched in 1983 to continue the Pebbles series.
Ain't No Love - Love Me Lots
Schott frères had founded Zéphyr in 1978 for the purpose of showcasing instrumental works of Belgium composers, many of whom in its sheet music catalog.
It was formed into an independent record label known as Alfa Records in 1977.
Digital Hardcore Recordings is a record label set up in 1994 by Alec Empire, Joel Amaretto and Pete Lawton.
The first incarnation of the group debuted at the 2007 Synch Festival in Athens, Greece.
Bigtop also released two Mad Magazine music parody themed albums; Mad Twists Rock 'N' Roll and Fink Along With Mad in 1963.
Larry Sherman began operations in 1983 by purchasing Musical Products, then Larry and Jesse Saunders, co-founded Trax Records in late 1984.
Taraneh Enterprises, Inc. has a large selection of old and new Iranian music CDs and movies on DVDs.
Peter Barker and Marc Schrobilgen co-founded Spin Move Records in 1996.
The label served as an outlet for musicians such as Roy Montgomery, Trumans Water, Hash Jar Tempo, Starfuckers and Bardo Pond.
The Daily Star describes the company as "one of the top record labels of the country".
Hades Records was one of the first Romanian independent Hip-hop labels, based in Bucharest.
The same year the label would release a split album by Overdose and Sepultura.
Later, the roster was stripped bare, and released Sloan albums exclusively for nearly a decade.
Their work is featured in international publications and awarded in design award shows.
The band hopes to eventually own the rights to their recorded output from their time on Fat Wreck Chords and Sire Records.
Swans was re-formed in 2010, and began again releasing music under the Young God label.
Orange also plays host to the Live @ Orange Sessions which are recorded in the Orange Lounge Recording Studio for webcasting on Bell Sympatico.
The label's first release was Dory Previn with On My Way To Where.
SYUN was a Japanese record label founded by Susumu Hirasawa in 1994.
Mr Bongo is a Brighton based independent record label, independent film and publishing company specialising in world music and art house/world cinema.
This incarnation of the label is no longer active, as EMI relaunched Regal and Zonophone as separate imprints of Parlophone.
The label continues as an independent and continues to grow due to the continued success of artists like Grizzly Bear, Chairlift and Surfer Blood.
He is best known for his early work in the Manchester acid house scene in the late 1980s and the track "Voodoo Ray".
If the record tested successfully, it was sold to national labels through licensing deals.
Joe Boyd continued managing the label until the late 1990s when Rykodisc was purchased by Palm Pictures.
The Cathedral Quartet produced two of their most popular albums on it With Brass and With Strings.
Smoke-a-Lot Records, distributed by Rap-a-Lot Records, is a record label founded and owned by rapper Yukmouth and manager Kat Gaynor.
The label also released the James Gang's first album, 1969's Yer' Album.
For a time in the mid-2000s Angel Music Group also licensed Hollywood Records for the UK.
Gold Star Music is sometimes referred to as Gold Star La Familia, because of the tight cooperation of Roc-La-Familia.
Hidden Shoal's publishing arm licenses music for use in film, TV, games, web, compilations and other media.
In 1997, Clara McDaniel recorded her debut album, Unwanted Child, which was released on HighTone.
The record label subsequently released a number of techno records by artists including Luke Slater, Moodymann and Suburban Knight.
Lack of commercial success caused a re-think and in late 1973 all three original acts departed.
The label has always had a strong connection with the demoscene, and is one among several legendary netlabels, such as Monotonik.
It was founded by Brett Petersel in 2001.
Bluesanct Records is a record label located in Bloomington, Indiana and run by Michael Anderson, who records experimental music for the label under the Drekka moniker.
Although Keef had originally planned Bang 3 to be released as his second album, a then-track from the album, "Nobody", developed into its own project.
They have also reissued two other Revelation albums, Salvation's Answer and an unreleased album, and have also announced plans to issue Revelation's fourth album, Release.
Kimi Records is an Icelandic independent record label and distribution company.
Alumni include Low, Rivulets, Static Films, and The Iditarod.
A Different Drum has released hundreds of albums, singles, and compilations, and was the biggest synthpop label in the U.S.
Copeland went on to sign more artists and start several other indie sublabels including Deptford Fun City Records, Step-Forward Records and Total Noise Records.
Sony Music's Legacy Recordings handles Playboy Records catalog from the 1970s.
Drive-Thru Records got trapped in that deal, and were stuck with UMD, the catalog division of Universal.
2008 saw Fierce Panda set up its management stable which currently includes Albert Gold, Hatcham Social, Longfellow and Felt Tip.
The label was active for four years with moderate success, but was discontinued in early 1977.
The label was established in 1984 by Andrew Hermant and ceased operations in 1994.
This was followed by a mini album from Crawlpappy and the U.S. edition of the Sheer Terror album Just Can't Hate Enough.
More than 200 participants of part received certificates for taking part in MBI educational programs.
In 2007, plans were made for a sublabel of tUMULt named Heavy Rescue, aiming to rerelease "lost eighties metal classics."
Armada Music  is a Dutch record label that specializes in releasing electronic music.
Several Instant recordings were distributed by Atlantic Records.
Prominent Projekt artists include Sam Rosenthal's own Black Tape for a Blue Girl, Steve Roach, Voltaire, Eric Wollo, Unto Ashes, Weep Mira, and Android Lust.
Joker's The Hidden Talent which was released on October 16, 2007.
SteepleChase was founded in 1972 by Nils Winther, who was a student at Copenhagen University at the time.
In an April 2008 issue, The Source proclaimed that Amalgam Digital has "its finger on the pulse of Hip-Hop's future."
In April 2009 they held Dance Nation Live, a live arena tour across the UK.
It is most often used for pain relief, though it is also used for a wide range of other conditions.
Etcetc Records is an independent record label based in Sydney, Australia.
The name is a phonetic spelling of "MRC", the initials for Mercury Record Company.
In 2014, Wale relaunched the imprint under the new moniker "Every Blue Moon".
Ray Charles, Percy Mayfield, Lowell Fulson, and other rhythm and blues and swing era artists of the 1940s first recorded for this company.
Majik Ninja Entertainment is an American independent record label based in Michigan that specializes in hip hop music.
Specializing in Spanish language recordings, the company's works are distributed in the United States by Universal Music Group.
Established in 1974, it is one of the longest-running record labels in the country.
The label also released The Shaggs' recordings during the late 1970s to late 80s.
The Zincs are a four-piece band originally from London, England, and now based in Chicago, Illinois, USA.
Initially created by Mills to "bridge the gap between House and Techno", the label laid the foundations for a new tribal sounding variation of Techno music.
The 3rd in the series received critical acclaim from NME, Drowned in Sound and Artrocker.
In 2003 she released her second album Folklore and was preceded by the lead single "Powerless".
In 2013 PROGRAM released its first Programmed EP, featuring songs from Nitri, Audio & Meth, EastColors and Paul B.
After facing financial obstacles in getting their bands' music into stores, Drive-Thru entered into a distribution deal with MCA/Universal.
Signees include Jean Grae, Strong Arm Steady and Idle Warship and Kweli has stated he hopes to sign Camp Lo and had expressed interest in Rakim.
Whoa Oh Records is an independent record label based in Astoria, New York.
Their debut EP Tales From The Lux was released in October 2006.
Riot City folded in the late-1980s and label boss Edwards continued with his job as a route planner with the AA.
By 1984, Gerry Bron's Bronze Records were in financial difficulty leading to a hiatus in recording activity for Motörhead.
In 1996, it changed its name to Antibe Music.
Kartel Records Sdn Bhd is a Malaysian hip-hop record label, dealing predominantly in Hip-Hop/R&B music, founded by rapper/entrepreneur Joe Flizzow in 2005.
The label eventually moved to New York with Bein and was acquired by Matador Records in 2009.
Stone'd Records is an independent record label founded by Grammy winning soul singer Joss Stone after her split from longtime label EMI.
Label was closed in 1998 when PolyGram, within its Polish subsidiary was brought by Seagram and Universal Music Group was formed.
The label partnered with the Australian branch of Cooking Vinyl in May 2015.
The Kru-Cut label struck a label with Macola Records to help to distribute music and products of the group.
Well known theme tunes include Van der Valk, Roobarb and The NFL Today.
Hypertek Digital is a Nigerian based record label founded by recording artist 2face Idibia.
In 2003 label started their clothing division Prosto Wear with lines Elegancko, Klasyk, Label & Sport.
Steve Cobby and Stephen Mallinder record as Hey, Rube!.
P-Vine Records is an independent record label, started by Blues Interactions, a firm in Tokyo, Japan established in 1975 by Yasufumi Higurashi and Akira Kochi.
Established in 2012, Mutant League has released albums for seminal pop-punk groups such as The Movielife, Seaway, and Allister, among others.
The label is currently owned by James Stubbs-Abraham and Alton Stubbs and is part of Universal Music Group.
The record company's last national hit was 1983's "You Brought the Sunshine" by the Clark Sisters.
On July 2014, EMI R was renamed to Virgin Records.
It was founded in 2005 by members of the band Hinterland.
It was given a full revival in 1963.
The primary focus of the label is to release notable extreme and fringe music.
Series 1 has been completely released with Series 2 on the way.
Love Is, also stylized as LOVEiS, is a record label founded in 2004 by Boyd Kosiyabong and Kamol Sukosol Clapp, co-founders of Bakery Music.
Lawrence Welk owned all recordings released on Dot as they were produced and manufactured by Teleklew Productions and leased to Dot.
Since then, the label has become a platform for many German independent bands.
Mightier Than Sword Records was an independent record label based in Brooklyn, New York, owned and operated by RJ Crowder-Schaefer.
Billboard called it "a stunning record featuring performances by several powerful artists".
Advent Records was an American independent record label specializing in blues.
Its first release was in 1979 with the EP Overnight by Two Way Garden.
The label was founded in 1995 by Virgil Dickerson, and is known for focusing on vinyl releases and bands in the pop-punk and alt-country genres.
Since 2009 they company has had 24 albums on the chart; all 24 were custom digital releases produced by the label.
He has written and produced over 26 number-one R&B hits throughout his career, and has won 11 Grammy Awards.
The company is associated with Ariass Fortune,Inc.
They have a partnership with Universal Music Group called U5, which releases approximately 50 digital compilation albums per month.
MJM Music PL at the time signed several home country artists such as Wilki, O.N.A., Myslovitz, Lech Janerka, and Renata Przemyk among others.
The label was first distributed by Decca Records then by ABC Records.
Another Roulette exec, Kolsky's brother Phil Kahl, joined Kolsky in the venture the following year.
All Saints Records is a British independent record label.
Warcon was a sponsor of the Rockstar Taste of Chaos tour.
Bob Rusch founded CIMP in 1995, with his son Marc Rusch as the recording engineer and his daughter Kara Rusch producing cover art.
In May 2010 they signed Jon Lindsay and will release his new album, Escape From Plaza-Midwood on August 17, 2010.
Nothing Records became largely defunct in 2004 due to a lawsuit by Reznor against John Malm.
It was distributed by Summit Distributors in Skokie, Illinois.
Soon the label started releasing jazz and German folk music as well.
In 1989 they acquired Yazoo Records from Nick Perls.
The label was founded in 2012 by Rik Yeun of Unholy Maunder.
The self-titled album by the group is a highly prized collector's item worldwide, because most copies of the disc were destroyed in a fire.
The future of the label currently remains unknown.
It has four independent imprints as part of the K7 label group.
The Cutler - The Best Things In Life Aren't Things - album - ST012, 10 September 2012
The label also gave rise to the careers of many early rumba stars in the Congo such as Jhimmy and Paul Mwanga.
Sam Rosenthal runs Projekt as an independent record label, privately owned and managed by Rosenthal.
Featuring jazz, country, and rock and roll artists, these releases now total nearly 150.
They had the idea to support other bands, preferably from Asturias, Spain.
^ "Freesolo Entertainment Launches Platform With RCA/Sony, Sony/ATV And Vector Mgmt".
Other employees of note were Charles Clutter, Padraic Ogle and Sam's ex-wife Lisa Feuer.
"Aggro" is German slang for having an aggressive attitude.
The label was forged with the sole intention of promoting and distributing music for Meany's start up project Mutemath.
"El Único," and Tony Tone are also popular among listeners of Puerto Rico's underground Reggaeton music.
Little David Records was a record label started in 1969 by up-and-coming comedian Flip Wilson and his manager, veteran jazz producer Monte Kay.
It houses girl group MAMAMOO, boy group Vromance, rapper Basick, among others.
Majestic Casual - Chapter 1Ellie Goulding - Tessellate
The label was founded by Øystein Aarseth, also known as Euronymous, who operated the label until his murder in 1993.
Dreamville Records is an American record label founded by hip hop recording artist J. Cole and Ibrahim Hamad.
Subliminal Sounds is a Swedish record label founded in 1989, based in Stockholm.
In 1973 the label made a concerted effort to break into the soul music genre.
Joe became “Joe the Butcher” around 1982 when editing tape for the late producer Ray Monahan, who said: “You need a nickname.
Some sources use the term "language isolate" to indicate a branch of a larger family with only one surviving daughter.
He is also the nephew of Brick Squad member Cold Blooded Da Don who introduced him to Gucci Mane.
The founder of 679 has recently formed a new record label called 37 Adventures.
Cavalier Records was an American record label founded by Tom Spinosa in San Francisco, California in the mid-1900s.
Famous for releasing the CD Lamento Negro that won the Latin Grammy Award for Best Folk Album for Susana Baca in 2002.
Bosnian hip hop is a style of music made in Bosnia and Herzegovina.
FOTW started in May 2005, as a collective effort between Brian Van Slyke and Alex Felsinger after networking on the internet.
The Cadbury Sisters, Trojanhorse, and Beautiful Boy were the new signings.
The second act signed to label was "Flowers" who later changed their name to Icehouse.
The current Gallo Record Company is a hybrid of two rival South African record labels between the 1940s and 1980s: the original Gallo Africa and G.R.C..
The label was a short-lived joint venture by Glass Records owner David E. Barker and Fire Records owner Clive Solomon.
Formed in 1991, Gut was founded by Guy Holmes, who had been Head of Promotions at Island Records.
It was produced by Columbia Records and contained material identical to that of Columbia's two other low price labels, Harmony Records and Diva Records.
Jody Bleyle also released recordings by her other band Hazel.
Early contributors to the Fällt catalogue included Christophe Behrens, Otaku Yakuza and Anton van Leewenhoek who, together with the organisation's founders, shaped its output.
Chrysalis Records  is a British record label that was created in 1968.
That album achieved Top 10 statues on both the Billboard 200 album chart and the UK Albums Chart.
Butterz is an independent record label based in London that specializes in grime music.
The label is based in Lititz, Pennsylvania.
In 2014 Dyro founded the independent record label WOLV Records, which releases both his own material and that of other "up and coming" artists.
Spooky Records is a garage and rock record label formed in Melbourne, Australia by Loki Lockwood in 1999.
At the beginning, Headhunterz made pocasts under this name HARD with STYLE.
Some of these artists recorded for other Universal-owned labels in the past, including Avant and Blues Traveler.
Varèse Sarabande is an American record label, distributed by Universal Music Group, which specializes in film scores and original cast recordings.
Moon Ska Records was one of the most influential ska record labels of the 1980s and 1990s.
Fair Trade Services, formerly known as INO Records, is an American record label based in Brentwood, Tennessee, specializing in Contemporary Christian music.
In 2004 the last release under this label was issued, the Union Of Uranus discography titled To This Bearer Of Truth.
Its roster includes Alison Krauss and Union Station, Béla Fleck, Steve Martin and Edie Brickell, and Steep Canyon Rangers.
Sumerian's roster includes a number of progressive metal bands, notably in the djent subgenre.
L'Arc-en-Ciel made 1st Mariner Arena history by being the first music group from Japan to headline there.
It had its first hit records less than a year after it was founded and achieved profitability in 1993.
The group/label released the most independently sold album in Detroit hip hop music history in 2000, with their album Alligator City.
An outlet for artists that deserve to and will, touch the widest possible audience."
The label's first release was a 12" single, KeyKool & Rhettmatic's "Can U Hear It".
This was followed in November 2015 by her sophomore album titled 'Verfied' which was released to rave reviews.
Diamante was also home to N'Soul Records, the boutique label of Christian dance music pioneer Scott Blackwell and the best selling Nitro Praise series.
Califia is a member of the third-wave feminism movement.
is a Polish subsidiary of Sony Music Entertainment.
The label had success in breaking new artists, including the multi-platinum debut of Erykah Badu, Billie Myers and Lost Boyz.
Mary Chapman was discovered in Columbus, Ohio in 1995 and released her "Tears In The Night" debut album.
Chemikal Underground is an independent record label set up in 1994 by Glasgow, Scotland rock band The Delgados.
Columbia is the oldest surviving brand name in the recorded sound business, being the second major company to produce recorded records.
Dorsey, signed an independent deal for his Chopper City Records with Koch Records in 2003.
Kurtis Mantronik, in addition to being the musician of the hip-hop duo Mantronix, did A&R for both labels.
Fateless Records is a Los Angeles-based independent record label.
Don Jazzy was the CEO/President of the label and D'banj was the Co-Owner.
It was formed after Roberto Concina, best known with the artist name Robert Miles, split from Deconstruction/BMG and his management in London back in 1999.
All That is Heavy is the first online record store dedicated exclusively to Stoner rock, doom metal, sludge metal, drone metal and psychedelic rock.
KIX-29: Jimmy McCracklin: I'm Gonna Have My Fun
Black Widow Records is an Italian record label founded Genoa in 1990 and taking its name from the British progressive rock act Black Widow.
The label has recently been added to the Forza Horizon franchise as a radio station.
The label's bands have been showcased on HBO's Eastbound & Down and 90210 as well as various other television, film and commercial projects.
They often served as a starting point for young musicians who quickly moved on to other better-known labels such as Motown or Brunswick.
The Braun brothers then set up another label, Regal Records.
Caltex Records is a record label based in Los Angeles, California.
Many of the CDs have been remastered by audio engineers led by John R. T. Davies, Charlie Crump, and Nick Dellow.
The original Penalty label was acquired by its distributor, Tommy Boy , in 1999.
As of September 2006, Thinner productions had accumulated over two million MP3 downloads.
Skífan record label founded by Jón Ólafsson in the mid 1970s in Iceland.
It currently works with a roster of Nasheed artists focused on da'wah and positively promoting Islam.
Kid606 is the stage name of Miguel Trost De Pedro, an electronic musician who was raised in San Diego and later moved to San Francisco.
Records are dedicated to Canadian street punk.
Time Unlimited is a record label that specializes in the production of trance music based out of Hannover, Germany.
Regal's catalogue included Alberta Hunter and Cab Calloway.
Jive Records was an American record label under the RCA Music Group formed in 1981 by Zomba Records.
Boompa Records is a Canadian independent record label, founded in 2003 and based in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada.
UMP distributes in Poland releases of HQT Music Group, that include titles by such artists as Ewelina Lisowska, Taraka, Maciej Czaczyk and Patryk Kumór among others.
King, Howlin' Wolf, Ike Turner, Rufus Thomas, Elvis Presley, Johnny Cash, Jerry Lee Lewis, Carl Perkins, Harold Jenkins, and Charlie Rich.
On January 20, 2016, Entertainment One acquired Dualtone Records.
Interphon Records was a sub-label from Vee-Jay Records to distribute its European-leased masters in the US.
Currently operated by Otto in Philadelphia, bands have included The Shondes, Pygmylush, and 1905, which released their only album on the label.
Burdette Records, founded in 1967 by Dennon, was the label that took Jerden's place for national exposure.
Several bands have very rare releases that are much sought after and command high prices at auctions.
In 2009, System and Human parted ways amicably.
Saroj crossed paths with Micheal Luna and Charles Vasquez, and SMC came one step closer to being realized.
Move Records is an Australian record label that was started in 1968 by Martin Wright.
Regular signed Brisbane band The Riptides in 1981.
It was established by Robert Paterson in 2006, and is a subsidiary of Lumiere Records.
It is sometimes listed as Kalan Ses.
Due to a lack of funds, many of Au-Go-Go's releases are now out of print and are fast becoming collector's items.
Matt also runs the "Dumb Audio" zine.
Philips Records is a record label that was founded by the Dutch electronics company Philips.
The label specializes in musical styles from the Americana, country music, alternative country and Texas music genres.
Among their releases are This I Know, Love Jones Maxi Single, Sidebars, and Ink Dry Blue.
The label is run by Leon Alexander, with English house music DJ and record producer Nick Warren in control of its A&R.
It played an important role in the development of contemporary folk music and rock music between the 1950s and 1970s.
Digital Distribution is through E1 Entertainment Distribution.
The business is a registered ASCAP member as a publisher.
Happy Face Entertainment is a South Korean entertainment company established in 2008 by producer E-Tribe's Ahn Myung-won and Kim Young-deuk.
operated as a sub-label of Les Disques du Crépuscule for manufacturing and distribution, but A&R was independent of Crépuscule.
Sonic Unyon Recording Company is an independent record label based in Hamilton, Ontario, Canada.
Dead Bees records is an independent record label, with a roster of indie rock artists and bands.
Connoisseur Society is an American audiophile classical music and jazz record label based in New York City.
Ram's new home is Fabric nightclub in Farringdon, London.
Established in 1989, it is most noted for single releases by Pulp and the Manic Street Preachers.
A New Day is a record label from England.
Notable releases by Kid606 include Don't Sweat the Technics, Down with the Scene, P.S.
Instant Records was a record label based in New Orleans, Louisiana which was founded in 1961 by Joe Banashak and Irvin Smith.
There was a subsidiary, Big Hill Records, which only issued a few singles by Lou Johnson after Bigtop closed.
KIX-33: Johnny Moore's Blazers: Why, Johnny, Why?
Between 1998 and 2003, there were only several new releases.
In 2010, Melotone Records was refounded as a division of Melotone Music LLC.
After a brief period of reorganization at the end of 2012, the label has re-emerged with plans to release a number of albums and digital tracks.
Among Pivotal Management's past and current roster are Annex Theory, As You Drown, The Amenta, Solution .45.
Gerald Simpson, better known as A Guy Called Gerald, is a British DJ, record producer and musician.
Each release is organized to show the special rapport between its audio and visual components.
Passenger most notably represented Ben Folds Five for Caroline, releasing the band's 1995 self-titled debut album.
The Contentabel is a Los Angeles based independent record label and collective.
Worldwide is a record label created by Russell "Block" Spencer and Andrew "Gotti" Couser.
Founded in 2001, Die Slaughterhaus began as a venue for punk rock shows, and it quickly became a popular place to see live music in Atlanta.
GRP was known for its all-digital recordings and jazz-pop sound.
Jive's best-selling artists worldwide were the Backstreet Boys, *NSYNC, and Britney Spears.
Singers Fergie, Cheryl and LMFAO are the label's most successful artists.
Jugoton was the largest record label and chain record store in the former Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia based in Zagreb, Socialist Republic of Croatia.
One of their artworks, titled Electricity, was cited in the book Graphic Design, A New History as "Instances of truly global graphic design."
Referred to as "one of the most innovative and prolific independent record labels of the decade" and acclaimed for "distinctive visual arts projects and collaborations".
ATO Records is an American independent record label based in New York City.
With misunderstandings arising over their second studio release, the band created their own label.
Principal photography began on 9 March 2015.
Mother Records was a record label founded by the band U2 in 1983 and distributed by parent Island Records.
The only labels that survived and became independent were Blow Up Disco and Keepon Musik.
It was founded by Barbara Mikuła in 1995 in Skała near Cracow.
The early albums featured Kim Wilson on vocals and harmonica and Jimmie Vaughan on guitar.
In 2015, Welk Music Group sold the Vanguard and Sugar Hill labels to Concord Bicycle Music while retaining ownership of the Ranwood catalog.
In 2005 Block signed an exclusive joint venture deal with Warner Music Group's label Bad Boy Records.
It is distributed by Atlantic Records in the USA.
WA Entertainment was merged with Rainbow Bridge World in March 2015.
The Singapore History Museum hosted their 10-year retrospective exhibition, A Decade of Decadence, in 2005.
Dischord continues to release records by bands from Washington D.C., and to document and support the Washington D.C. music scene.
The label, Tabu Records, focused on R&B and funk.
This is due to the label owner having a severe nervous breakdown.
Zarjazz Records, a sub label of Virgin Records released the Madness album, Mad Not Mad, music from the Fink Brothers along with Feargal Sharkey's first single.
In 1997, Jam and Lewis resigned as the label's CEOs, but remained consultants.
Glass Records was a British independent record label which operated from 1981 to 1989.
The Brain Music is a recording, publishing, and management company, founded in 2012 by Freddy Wexler.
The small label produced two Grammy Award-winning comedy albums, and five Gold records to become highly profitable.
Diamond Records was a record label, based in New York City, which was founded in 1961 by former Roulette Records executive Joe Kolsky.
During the Depression, Melotone Records was a common, inexpensive label.
Jagjaguwar is a record label based in Bloomington, Indiana.
The label was initially an attempt by the R&B-focused Stax to move into rock music, but distribution problems prevented any releases from succeeding.
Trust in Trance Records is the second record label started by Avi Nissim, Yaniv Haviv and Guy Sabbag in late 1993.
It is known for mostly releasing minimal techno, glitch music and other experimental electronic music.
It was a joint venture between Universal Music Group and Octone Records.
Established in 1939 by Alfred Lion and Max Margulis, it derives its name from the characteristic "blue notes" of jazz and the blues.
The company has been located in the Old Trinity Church in Housatonic, Massachusetts since 1992.
Cummings' "Stand Tall" was the lead-off single.
The label's first release was "Now You're Gone" by Basshunter, and they have released other singles and compilation albums since then.
Reservoirs can be created by controlling a stream that drains an existing body of water.
It is classed by the Association of Independent Music as an independent label, despite its distribution by Universal.
Blue Coast Records was founded by producer/engineer Cookie Marenco and French engineer Jean Claude Reynaud in 2007.
Hobbledehoy Record Co. is an artistic-centric independent record label in Adelaide, SA Australia.
Ajax Records was a record company and label founded in 1921.
In October 2010, Red Bull Records supported 3D Eye Solution's 3D Experience in Times Square, New York City.
The label was initially distributed by Ampex Records from 1970 to 1971, and then by Bell Records from 1972 to 1973.
At the end of 2013, the CLS Music label was run by Egység Média Kft, founded by one of the owners of CLS Records in 2008.
The label was resurrected in 2013 as Jem Recordings.
B. Hutto, Brother John Sellers, and Schoolboy Porter.
Poptones is a record label launched by Alan McGee after the demise of Creation Records in 1999.
In general, they can be defined as the simplest mechanisms that use mechanical advantage to multiply force.
The label is distributed in Australia by Inertia Distribution.
The name "Equity" was chosen to represent the equality between the artist and the label.
Its back catalogs were sold to Rapp Records.
's William Hutson, "The modus operandi of Deathbomb is punk as a way of being in the world, and not a type of music."
Operations moved to the West Los Angeles neighborhood of Calabasas, California in December 2016.
“In fact, Moby Dick Records, the owners, they were some of the first to go too, from AIDs.
The label specializes in releasing experimental electronic music in the broadest sense, including Electro-acoustic music, Noise and its several sub-categories.
Safehouse Records is an American record label created by artists Demi Lovato, Nick Jonas and their manager Phil McIntyre.
Play It Again Sam's early artists were Front 242, Meat Beat Manifesto and Young Gods.
Royal Mountain Records is an independent record label based in Toronto, Canada.
It released albums by artists including Paradise Lost, Opeth, Anathema, Cradle of Filth, Testament and countless other metal bands.
Black Emperor band members Efrim Menuck and Thierry Amar.
Berne founded Empire Records in the late 1970s to issue own albums.
They specialise in re-releasing old material, especially progressive rock, but also have new releases, under the Voiceprint and other imprints.
Kapow Records is a record label that was founded in 2000 in Orange County, California.
It also released Billy Ray Cyrus's album Wanna Be Your Joe and re-released John Cougar Mellencamp's American Fool and Tom Petty's Greatest Hits.
Simon Foster and Melanne Mueller continue to run the company together with well-known and respected executives Barry McCann and Steve Winn.
Gary Davis, and Sonny Terry and Brownie McGhee recorded for the label, accounting for more than one-fourth of their overall output.
Recordings are widely available on digital platforms including Apple Music, Amazon and Spotify, among many others.
The label is known for its annual series of Day Off concerts across the US and Canada.
In 2014, SimG Records releases were nominated for seven Broadway World Album Awards.
Gravity Records is an underground independent record label from San Diego.
The label's first release was with Wiley in 2010.
Sony Masterworks also handles the Portrait Records and Flying Buddha Records imprints.
Founded by Stephen Bishop in 2012 in the small town of Redcar in northeastern England, Opal Tapes is now based in Newcastle, UK.
XORKO produced compilations with various music artists through this collaboration process, which it uploaded and distributed through SoundCloud.
Featured in the Nappy Boy logo, is the Florida State Capitol representing Tallahassee, Florida, where T-Pain was born.
Seclusiasis started in 2001 under Gair Marking, Philadelphia DJ Dev79, as a club promotion collective hosting events and parties around the Philadelphia region.
It also started a German office in Berlin in the end of 2003.
It was originally located in San Pedro, California and owned by Jim and Dale Callon.
Benbecula Records was a Scottish independent record label.
Upsetter Records continued to release records throughout the 1970s, and in 1981, Perry had a breakdown and burned down Black Ark Studios.
Gold Mountain Records changed its name in 1987 to Gold Castle Records.
The title would be later change to Księga słów and was released on June 2013.
CTE World, is an American record label founded by American rapper Young Jeezy.
The catalogue also included the Original Memphis Five and the Varsity Eight.
In 2006, the shop started releasing records again under the Missing Link name.
It was founded in 1974 in Ville Platte, Louisiana by Floyd Soileau and remains under his ownership.
Iceberg left Bloodline in late 2001 at the request of his parents.
The current Dot Dash roster includes Pearls, Teeth & Tongue, Client Liaison, Sunbeam Sound Machine, Total Giovanni, Dorsal Fins, Saskwatch, Jeremy Neale, Methyl Ethel and Velociraptor.
C'est la Mort records was a small but influential independent record label that operated from the home of Woodrow Dumas in Baker, Louisiana.
For 2012 new signings include Tall Firs, Tennis and Anywhere.
mamamusic is one of the leading Ukrainian record labels.
A redesigned official website then confirmed those signings as Travis + Julie from Nashville, Tennessee and Birmingham dream-indie duo Pet Dog Storm.
The original musicians signed to Anticon were once referred to as the Anticon collective.
He was ranked 5th on Forbes and Channel O's 2013 list of the Top 10 Richest/Bankable African Artists.
Famous Scantraxx artists include the founder of the label, The Prophet, Headhunterz and many more.
It was founded by Nick Moore, lead singer of Before Their Eyes, in 2009.
XXYYXX quickly gathered a strong online following and helped to elevate the status of the label overall.
Co founders of the company are Dr. Shiver and Omar Zenzon.
Founder Michael Gudinski is now the leader of the Mushroom Group, the largest independent music and entertainment company in Australia.
CEMA was one of the six largest record distribution branches in the US.
Several Broken Records bands reunited in Irvine, California on August 19, 2005 for a reunion concert.
Contemode, stylized in all lower case, was a Japanese record label founded by Yasutaka Nakata in 2003.
It has a close relationship with Universal's Interscope Geffen A&M label, which distributes Polydor's releases in the United States.
Today he continues his new selection of quality artists like Tensei, Shortcircles or Astrobal.
The label is mainly remembered for its children's music releases during the 1950s on a subsidiary label, Little Golden Records, which released singles rather than albums.
The label issued Luke "Long Gone" Miles' 1969 single, "Hello Josephine"/"Little Sweet Thing", as well as many releases from B.
It emerged from the New York City dance record store Dancetracks owned by Joaquin Claussell and Stefan Prescott.
Love Minus Zero Recordings is the second subsidiary record label created by siblings Richard and Stephanie Reines.
It claims to be among the companies that helped expand the reggaeton genre beyond its limits.
The headquarter is located in Gallarate, a few kilometers north of Milan.
The label originally existed solely to distribute Shelter and other Krishna releases.
The band's debut album was released on Beach Street in 2003.
Beginning in 1974 with Fogelberg, Full Moon Records was originally a subsidiary "spin-off" label from Epic Records that was created by Irving Azoff.
Belvedere Records was an American independent record label founded by Hochschild, Kohn & Co., a department store located in Baltimore, Maryland in 1922.
Crying Sun Records is the privately owned record company by Australian rock band Radio Birdman.
Azteca Records was founded by Trinidad Pelaez in the 1940s as Discos Azteca with retail as well as recording.
This release compiled many of the labels's most influential recordings.
He was their biggest name also with Rufus Thomas, Junior Thompson and Charlie Feathers.
After a second session in December 1947, Aristocrat released "I Can't Be Satisfied" b/w "Feel Like Goin' Home," which became a minor hit.
All proceeds from sales are donated to the conservatory's scholarship fund.
Chart was distributed by RCA Victor for several years during the 1960s.
It was created by progressive folksinger Ani DiFranco in 1990 to release her own songs in lieu of being beholden to a mainstream record company.
The label has released albums by Rafael Anton Irisarri, Jacaszek, Elegi, Jasper TX, Gultskra Artikler, Greg Haines, Encre and Kreng.
"Steeltown" is best known for giving the Jackson 5 their start in the music biz.
Acts on the label had included: Live, Black Grape, Jane's Addiction, the Ramones, Big Audio Dynamite, Talking Heads, Eurythmics, Traci Lords, and Angelfish.
It is named after a benefactor, Timmy Chunks.
The record company is owned by Schott Music, both based in Mainz, Germany.
The first release on Almost Gold was the Peter Bjorn and John album Writer's Block, on February 6, 2007.
Arhoolie Records, which is based in El Cerrito, California, United States, is an American small independent record label run by Chris Strachwitz.
Kaifa Records was an Ethiopian record label.
Records worldwide rights were acquired by 43 North Broadway, LLC in 2015.
Biodro Records is a Polish record label founded in 1998 by Tymon Tymański, Andrzej Maroszek and Dariusz Dikti.
Records was an independent record label based in Houston, Texas.
In October 2005 Blackball Records released the self-titled debut album from Duchess which was the label's first release from a non-Jawbreaker project.
Tempo bridged the 78 rpm, 45 rpm and 33 1⁄3 rpm generations, releasing discs in all three formats.
19 solo and 3 compilation albums have been released by Maybach Music Group, including five certified Gold albums.
Orange Record Label was a Canadian independent record label, located in Toronto, Ontario.
B.o.B quickly rose to fame after his commercial debut single "Nothin' on You", reached number one in both the United States and the United Kingdom.
Along with Discos Fuentes, it is one of the oldest and largest record labels of Colombia.
In the fall of 2008, Unable Records relocated to Southern New Jersey, but continued to operate a small office in Jacksonville for several more years.
It specialized in inexpensive LPs by mainly progressive rock and jazz artists that lacked commercial appeal.
Legion Records was started in 1997 by Michael Brosnan under the name Goatboy Records then changed to Goatboy Farms Recordings.
Along with sales to distributors, Vinyl On Demand provides a subscription service.
The label was set up by Jack Fitzgerald and John Cook in the early 1970s.
New Red Archives is an independent record label based in California's San Francisco Bay Area, mainly home to punk rock bands.
In 1961, Groove was revived with more of a country music bent, and some pop acts.
They have also distributed films such as the 2013 documentary The Source Family.
It was run by Irving B. Fogel.
The label's first release was in 2003 and as of 2013 the label has over fifty releases.
Philly Groove Records was a soul music label started by Stan Watson and Sam Bell in 1967, with noted producer Thom Bell doing A&R.
Ajna, a Sanskrit word meaning command, is the third eye chakra, the sixth primary chakra in the body, according to Hindu tradition.
2011 saw the release of The Pigeon Detectives third album 'Up Guards and At 'Em!'
Five years after the acquisition, the company was renamed Gallo Record Company.
It has won three Grammy Awards, including Count Basie Orchestra, Bob Florence, and Randy Brecker.
The label may release some releases like Mark Townsend's solo project and Zilch's second album, but that is still unknown.
Massacre Records also distributes athe albums of the gothic metal label MCM Music.
In November 2007, High Two released Sweet Earth Flower, an album by His Name Is Alive.
The name "Nardis" comes from a jazz tune most often attributed to Davis but made famous by Bill Evans.
Era distributed other labels including Monogram, Gregmark and Eden.
Suomen Musiikki is a Finnish independent record label formed by Kari Hynninen in 2005.
The two labels had worked closely before Jagjaguwar's offices moved to Bloomington to work alongside Secretly Canadian's.
There was also a short-lived budget album label called "Famous" that reissued Keen material.
Like many other filk labels the name was a pun.
Warlock Records licensed the single from Rham!
Full Moon Records was an American record label existing from 1974 to 1992.
Deathlike Silence Productions was a Norwegian independent record label founded in Oslo in the late 1980s that focused on black metal.
The CD garnered nominations for Best Female R&B Vocal Performance and Best Contemporary Soul Gospel Album.
Dependent Records is a German independent record label that mainly focuses on aggrotech, electro-industrial and futurepop music.
Kitsune is the Japanese word for "fox".
Backing him were bassist Ernest "Big" Crawford and pianist Sunnyland Slim.
Based in Frankfurt, Germany, Cocoon is a division of the Cocoon Music Event GmbH.
Captured Tracks is an American, Brooklyn-based, independent record label.
Icon Records, in association with Universal Music Group, is a Canadian record label established by Rui da Silva in 2006 and distributed through Fontana Distribution.
Table of the Elements is an American record label.
The label first began with two debut releases by 14 Year Old Girls and Hawnay Troof in 2003.
Live From Memphis is a volunteer organization supporting music, film, and art from Memphis, Tennessee.
The band had previously released two 7" singles independently: "Squares And Triangles" and "She's In Love With Mystery".
Today, the label's reissues and catalogue releases are handled by RCA Records and Legacy Recordings.
It released many budget and exploito type recordings during the 1970s.
The label was founded in 1993 by music producers Bill Laswell, John Matarazzo and Robert Soares.
It is also affiliated with two sub-labels, Fancy Recordings and Substractif.
It focused on folk and native music.
The Portland, Oregon label's premier release was "Come Along" by Little Wings.
One album was by Gene Vincent, with a cast of musicians including members of The Byrds and Steppenwolf.
In 1996, 50% of the label was acquired by the MCA Music Entertainment Group for a reported $200 million.
Along with Coxon's music, the label issued records by acts such as Ooberman, The Buff Medways, You Am I, and Billy Childish.
That record led to a distribution deal with EMI to distribute Diamond recordings on Stateside Records in the UK.
Recorded at The Barn and inspired by the immediacy of Stax-era recordings, Trey Anastasio recorded the songs live, often in one or two takes.
It grew out of Boissel's association with the US label Bomp!
Since its inception, Serious Business Records has grown to include 14 acts, spanning the genres of classic rock, punk, pop, Americana/Old-Time, and electronic music.
The label also has a number of associated labels Allsorts, Zombie and Guinea Pig.
One of the signings the label had was the band Heart.
It was established in March 2000 by Ashley Sellers.
Rawkus started in 1995 with initial releases ranging from hip-hop, drum and bass and fun-dustrial.
Billing itself as an "artist friendly hard rock music company for bands with a touring fan base".
From there it lasted a few more releases and has since ceased activity.
Some of its best known bands are Brodequin, Guttural Secrete, Devourment, Retch, Insidious Decrepancy, and Liturgy.
Loma Vista Recordings is a record label founded by Tom Whalley, former chairman and CEO of Warner Bros. Records and Executive of A&R at Interscope Records.
Holzinger provided a share of the record sale profit to various animal rights organisations.
It was followed by Kind Turkey's first vinyl release - a 7" single by Ohio's Wheels On Fire.
The label is distributed by Concord Bicycle Music.
In March 2014, Big Machine announced it will revive defunct record label Dot Records as a sister label for Republic Nashville.
"Making punk a threat again" is the group's slogan.
In 2003, the label shut down but was relaunched in 2005.
It was most active and achieved its greatest commercial success during the 1990s; dealing largely in the field of urban music.
Monitor has more than 250 folk and classical music recordings in its catalogue.
Balkanton's plant in Sofia was equipped for all aspects of record manufacturing from recording the masters and pressing the vinyl records to printing the cover.
Moving Shadow provided music for several popular video games in this time, including Grand Theft Auto 2, Midnight Club, and Grand Theft Auto III.
Big Vin Records is an American record label based in Arlington, Texas.
It was founded in 1998 by metal music producer, dw Norton, and began as a development label.
In its short two-year existence the label did manage to produce records from some of Bristols' more notable bands, plus a compilation LP, E(gg)clectic 1.
It was founded by Peter Khosla in 2004.
Cumbancha is a record label, booking agency and music publisher based in Charlotte, Vermont.
The Yazoo Delta railroad, known as the "Yellow Dog", was a renowned rail line running through the heart of the Mississippi delta in the early 1900s.
Techno and electronic artists, such as The Orb, Thomas Fehlmann, The Field, Jonas Bering, Aril Brikha, Kenneth James Gibson, and others have released material on Kompakt.
This meant, in turn, that Tyscot Records would not be able to pay its artists or their bills.
The label operates as one of UMG's standalone labels.
Original Signal was founded in 2007 by CEO Daniel Klaus and President Lucas Mann.
The audio fidelity of the post-acoustic records, as well as the pressing quality is above average for the era.
The mission statement of the company is, Life is Too Short to Listen to Shitty Music.
Southern Lord is an American heavy metal record label that was founded in 1998 by Greg Anderson.
The label has released records by influential Welsh artists including Cate Le Bon, Gwenno, R. Seiliog and Y Pencadlys.
He is best known for his hit singles "It's Goin' Down" and "I Know You See It".
CBS Records is headquartered at CBS Television City in Los Angeles.
The turnover in 2007 was €4 million.
2011 will see many more EPs of fresh dance floor exciters with affordable and exclusive digital availability on Beatport.com.
Stu is the best in his field, bar none, so we couldn’t be more excited about the long term future of Halfcut for the business."
The Bilinda Butchers - All My Friends
Cotillion Records was a subsidiary of Atlantic Records and was active from 1968 through 1985.
AVA Recordings was a sublabel of Armada Music from December 2008 to August 2014.
The motto of the label is: "use 'em for yrself.
Almost all of Ray Smith's Judd and Sun studio tracks and cuts have been released on Germany's Bear Family Records Records.
The band released an album called "Wanted To Be Alive".
In 1990, Giant became a subsidiary label for Warner Music Group.
Loningisa was a studio and record label based in Kinshasa in the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
Flashcan, a collection of electrofunk tracks from 1984 by John Davis, was the label’s second release.
The label also houses a roster of record producers, including DJ Toomp, Lil' C, Mars, Nard & B, TrackSlayerz and more.
The label is best known for launching the career of Ludacris and his Disturbing tha Peace group and label.
For example, they promoted Blumfeld and other influential bands of the Hamburger Schule during the early 1990s.
Music&NEW, a subsidiary of Next Entertainment World, is a South Korean company that specializes in the production and distribution of music content.
It was created in 1998 by Richie Hawtin when Plus 8, a label previously created by Hawtin, was put on hold.
Season 3 began shooting in January of 2016 and will premiere in May of the same year.
Raven Records was established in 1979 by Glenn A. Baker, Kevin Mueller and Peter Shillito.
Quannum Projects is a hip hop collective based in the San Francisco Bay Area.
It was founded by brothers Ceschi and David Ramos in 2008.
First headquartered in New York City, it moved to Los Angeles shortly before going out of business in 1964.
Originally based in Nashville, and functioning as an independent label throughout its history, it has had several distributors.
Re-Constriction Records was a division of Cargo Music based in California.
TK's subsidiary labels included Wolf and Bold Records.
Amphetamine Reptile Records is a nationally renowned record label which was founded in 1986 by then-US Marine Tom Hazelmyer in Washington state, US.
It was first founded by members of the band Edsel to release their first single, "My Manacles".
Chambers was quoted in several music blogs referring to the demise as unfortunate and disheartening.
It is one of the labels specialising in drum and bass.
Sears also had the Silvertone label and the same recording of "Black Bottom" by Joe Candullo & his Everglades Orchestra was released on both labels.
From 2002 on, she lived in Lander, Wyoming, where the thin, dry air alleviated most of her asthma symptoms.
The name comes from Yukmouth's Luniz nickname, "Smoke-a-Lot".
Until 1992, the label's name was Pop-Import Bernhard Mikulski.
Universal Records Philippines Inc. is a Filipino record label founded in 1977 as a part of Warner Music Group.
The label's catalogue is controlled by Lil' Joe Records.
The label folded after Sam Cooke's death on December 11, 1964.
Recent releases include a live Radio Stars album from the 1970s and Gordon's six solo releases in the Mammal Trilogy series.
In 1952, the label's recording of "Five Long Years" by Eddie Boyd became a hit and reached number one in the US Billboard R&B chart.
Its first release was AntiStatic by Hex released in February 1994, and its last was Sunflower Girl by Neotropic in 2001.
In 1969 these labels were fused into a new one, which became known as Produttori Associati.
Archiv Produktion is a subsidiary label of Deutsche Grammophon founded in 1948.
Stretch Records has released albums by such artistes as Bob Berg, Avishai Cohen, Eddie Gómez, John Patitucci, Bud Powell, Wallace Roney, and Dave Weckl, amongst others.
Since its inception, the Emerald Moon has expanded their roster to cover more regional acts from the Northeast.
Amalgam Digital also houses an exclusive independent record label by the same name, specializing in hip hop music and distribution.
Temporary Residence Limited is a Brooklyn, New York-based record label.
Eyeball Alliance was a team of fans who supported and promoted the label through online marketing.
Between 1992 and 2013, the label released around 45 titles, including several compilation albums, such as Can't Stop It!
In May 2011, Jey left Ark Music Factory to focus on his own production company Music Intersection.
Dr. Scott and Tyson established Tyscot Records as a recording vehicle for a local church choir project.
Mud Digger Vol 4 was released on July 2, 2013.
On August 27, 1947 Muddy Waters made his first recordings for Aristocrat, which produced the single "Gypsy Woman" b/w "Little Anna Mae".
Though the label's main output is rock and experimental music, it has also released DVDs, a book, soundtracks and a work of comedy.
It was founded in 2010 by Warren Hildebrand.
By 1994 the label started to increase its profile due to the local and overseas success of bands like The Moodists.
It is currently based in New York City and Scranton, Pennsylvania.
Word on tha Streets was released August 12, 2008.
In 2004, Buddyhead released the major label funded Gimme Skelter compilation, which was paid for Netwerk Records.
The label released the US version of Scott Walker's Tilt in 1997, after the label approached him wishing to give the album a US release.
The first release on the label was "Pride" by Neal McCoy.
Electrola is a German record label and subsidiary of Universal Music Group.
The assets and back catalog were purchased by a group of fans who in turn started GR2 Records.
The label celebrated its 30th anniversary in 2012.
Four-Mod, a successful female pop duo, was among the first artists signed to this label.
The label's activities were primarily based in Monmouth County beach communities such as Long Branch and Asbury Park.
At one point, Bizzy Bone of Bone Thugs-N-Harmony was signed to SMC.
The label is part of the Dancing Turtle Group; this also incorporates the Dancing Turtle Media and Dancing Turtle Films divisions.
As it grew and became associated with Sony Music Entertainment, it became more known for its popular metal and hip-hop releases.
Many of the produced records were, or still are available in the countries of the Soviet bloc.
Louis Barlow's Acoustic Sentridoh - Lou B - A Collection of Home Recordings - slr #08
The Leaf Label is an independent record label based in Yorkshire, United Kingdom.
Corey Miller, better known by his stage name C-Murder, is an American recording artist, songwriter and actor.
Notable current and former groups on the labels roster include Divinefire, Majestic Vanguard, Veni Domine, Crimson Moonlight, ReinXeed, Sanctifica and Pantokrator.
In November 2013, "Friends of Tricycle Records Compilation Vol.
PIAS Recordings released the first two albums by Icelandic band Sigur Rós.
The label concentrates on audiophile concert recordings.
“Body Head Bangerz The EP”, was released August 21, 2015, under the new indie, Body Head Bangerz Music.
Insomniac Events, founded by Pasquale Rotella, is an American tour promoter focusing primarily on electronic dance music events.
Chief Records, together with its Profile and Age subsidiaries, was an independent record label that operated from 1957 to 1964.
It specialized in Latin music and was significant for introducing artists such as Ray Barretto and Tito Puente.
URBNET was formed by Darryl Rodway and Janusz Jarosinski in 1999 to provide distribution, marketing and promotional services to Hip Hop artists throughout Canada.
It was founded in 2008 by pianist/composer Dave Stapleton and photographer Tim Dickeson.
Yer Bird's first released record was Sounds Like Fall's The Wolf is at the Door, which was released on July 7, 2005.
ELO's recording contract and back catalogue were sold by Jet to CBS in 1985.
It was launched by Avex on October 2, 2010 as a dedicated idol record label.
Native Records is a small British independent record label formed in Sheffield, England.
CTI Records is a jazz record label founded in 1967 by producer/A&R manager Creed Taylor.
Westport Records was a record label founded 1955 in Kansas City by the Ruf Brothers.
It has received an historic marker issued by the Mississippi Blues Commission to commemorate its important place on the Mississippi Blues Trail.
The band's third album, Killer Sounds, released by Necessary/Atlantic went to #9 on the UK album charts.
Their main focus is in country music.
The label was founded in 1982 by Dan Harrell and Mike Blanton.
Originally, Intec Records was started by Carl Cox and DJ C1 in 1998.
Releases included music by guitarist Stevie Salas, Silver Sun, Hugh Cornwell and Thomas Dolby.
Writtenhouse Records is a Philadelphia, Pennsylvania based independent record label.
Giant Step is a media, events and marketing company headquartered in New York City.
However, Cline later complained that she had many problems with 4 Star.
NorCD is distributed through Musikkoperatørene, and is a member of FONO.
Popular DJs such as DJ Pebo would take records from the catalog and create a non-stop dance mix.
The label's first signee was Charley Pride, whose 1987 single "Have I Got Some Blues for You" was the label's first release.
Syco Entertainment, often known simply as Syco, is a British entertainment company established by British entertainment mogul Simon Cowell.
The best-known compilation released on Instinct Records is This Is Acid Jazz series.
Between the main label and its sub-labels most music genres are covered, ranging from rock and pop, to dance, Latin, traditional folk, and children music.
The Kompakt offices and record store appear in Amy Grill's 2009 documentary Speaking In Code which features interviews with founder Wolfgang Voigt and co-owner Michael Mayer.
Continuing to release albums however, including "Vivian, Don't" by The Spinto Band, and the debut album from Hatcham Social among many others.
Popular Metaphysics was a record label created by Sandy Pearlman in Studio C of the Hyde Street Studios in San Francisco in 1989.
The following year the label released 'Fancy Footwork' by Chromeo in the UK.
It now operates out of the landmark Capitol Tower.
The label was founded by singer-songwriter and producer Mark Carman and his longtime friend and business associate, Frank Scherman.
Their primary focus is to release dark, heavy, and experimental music usually of an artistically sophisticated nature.
In 2007 Greenberg relaunched the label after a two-year hiatus, during which he served as President of Columbia Records.
One of the first artists signed was Matt Redman, who had been involved with Soul Survivor for many years.
It released records by most of the bands in the huge local Straight edge hardcore scene known collectively as Umeå Hardcore.
Blue Room Released was an independent record label from London, UK.
McLean had the megahit single and album American Pie for UA.
Yambo Records also had two subsidiary labels, Spoonful and Supreme.
The label's best-known artists were male vocal group, the Delfonics and female group, First Choice.
It appears that the label's Twitter handle was obtained by an e-God named Sudsy.
Its logo is a drawing of a dog holding a record in its mouth.
Sun Records is an American independent record label founded by Sam Phillips in Memphis, Tennessee in 1952.
Bernard Stollman faced allegations of not paying royalties to the artists that were signed to ESP-Disk.
Other members of the hip hop roster of the period include Positive K, Michie Mee, Alliance, Kings of Swing, and Barsha.
The Uncle Jam Records label was briefly resurrected in 1983 with the release of Urban Dancefloor Guerillas by the P-Funk All-Stars.
Eyeball Records was an independent record label based in Northern New Jersey, formed in 1995 by Alex Saavedra.
The label is known for using the Direct Stream Digital hi-resolution format, using the labels’ proprietary recording technique Extended Sound Environment.
In 2016 a new sublabel was announced within Dirtyworkz known as Wolf Clan.
The label is run and founded by App Designer, Producer and Visual Artist Chris Hund.
Originating in Vancouver B.C., Canada, it was founded in 1993 by Dwayne Goettel of Skinny Puppy and Phil Western of Download.
Contrakultura produced approximately twenty-five documentary films between 2002 through 2006.
There was a similarly named, but unrelated, record label located in Louisiana in 1950.
The company was first established in 1992 as a division of the Canadian record company Cargo Records.
These shows were released on June 22, 2011 as the 4-disc DVD "Anthology".
Partially due to the label's significant legacy, Island remains one of UMG's pre-eminent record labels.
That spring, "Hold You Tight" by Tara Kemp was released and went on to become a Top 5 single.
Life's recording artists have included Teresa Teng, Frances Yip, Fahrenheit and Candy.
The label became an American source for many British ska import albums.
Calif Records is a Kenyan record label based in Nairobi's California estate, known for the Genge genre of music.
Battle Kommand Records was an American underground record label founded by Blake Judd and Rebecca Clegg in 2004, based in St. Charles, Illinois.
N2O Records was founded in 1997 with the first DJ compilation Home Invasion Vol.
The label came to prominence began when Paste Magazine darling Joshua James and successive artist Isaac Russell came to prominence in singer/songwriter markets.
It had an imprint label named Astro Magnetics, which was owned by Eyeball manager Marc Debiak, Alex Saavedra and Thursday's Geoff Rickly.
Shanachie Records is a New Jersey-based record label founded in 1975 by Richard Nevins and Dan Collins.
Illegal Art also released the Steinski Retrospective, spanning his work from 1983–2006.
The label name came from an alternate title for the Thelonious Monk tune "Reflections": "Portrait of an Eremite".
Federal Records was an American record label founded in 1950 as a subsidiary of Syd Nathan's King Records and based in Cincinnati, Ohio.
The label focuses on rock but features artists in a variety of other genres including folk, soul, electronic, and pop.
The label received the IMPALA Young Label Spotlight Award.
Paul Ring, CEO of Bungalo/Universal Records, has formed a partnership with West Swagg Music Group.
On February 9, 2009, Tech N9ne's official website announced the duo's decision to leave the Strange Music label after fulfilling their commitment.
During the 1970s the label released a string of worldwide hits which emphasized lavish orchestral instrumentation, heavy bass, and driving percussion.
Mas Flow Incorporated is a record label founded by Luny Tunes, a Dominican reggaeton production duo.
Their YouTube channel, which features artists in their current roster, has 48 thousand subscribers and 61 million views.
The label is notable because it released R.E.M.
Winans founded the label in 1999 when Pioneer folded and released Alabaster Box as an experimental album and the album did well.
As of December 2015, Ferret's official website has not been updated in over six years, adding to speculation that the label is defunct.
The collection, which is operated by Smithsonian Folkways Recordings, includes the original master tapes, graphics, and business records of the company.
In 2006, Rykodisc was bought by Warner Music.
Kalan has annual revenues of $3 million, and has released more than 400 albums.
The Fonotipia catalogues were reconstructed, so far as then possible, by the discophiles J.R. Bennett and James Dennis in 1953, and published in a limited edition.
The label works exclusively with Coyote Hearing Studios co-run by Jeremy Black.
Nemesis Records was an American independent record label which released the Offspring's debut studio album, The Offspring, in 1989 as well as their 1991 EP Baghdad.
In 2001 Greentrax Records acquired the rights to issue recordings from Culburnie Records.
Both are now run by former employee James Nice.
Distribution is handled by the Alternative Distribution Alliance, which is under the Warner Music Group umbrella.
After several years of relative inactivity the label has begun releasing new material by MF Grimm and Ayatollah, amongst others.
The record label was founded in 1996 by Michael S. Berberian in Marseille, France.
More announcements about the label's return are said to be coming soon.
However, SME Poland released several albums under Columbia Records label until the late 1990s.
The company was created by Mike Dunn and Armando Gallop in 1988.
Floodgate Records was a part of the East West Records family of labels.
Sparton Records of Canada released several Bally sides.
The first 45rpm single released on the Mediarts record label was ME-100, "Earth Song"/"Everybody Has Been Burned" by Sioux City Zoo, a group from Fresno, California.
Dance Concept has been running since 1999 promoting parties all over the UK as well as releasing music on all formats on the record label.
The label most notably released the debut EP of Tsunami Bomb, The Invasion from Within!
Ragged Flag is a record label founded in 2007 by members of the band The Prodigy, and backed by the Cooking Vinyl Group.
Scantraxx Silver is a Dutch record label and a sublabel of Scantraxx records.
Saravah is a French jazz record label founded by singer-songwriter Pierre Barouh in 1965.
The offices for the label are in New York.
The label also aims to release complete cycles of recordings, such as complete sets of symphonies, concertos, chamber music, and so forth.
Black Sabbath were also managed by Don Arden, but they were never signed to Jet Records.
In 2005, he put together a band with a drummer and guitarist called Kid606 and Friends.
Jeff Walker was co-founder and President of the label with his father Bill Walker.
The company closed down in 2000, as Stupia wanted to concentrate on her career as a pagan priestess.
As well as the label was operating in 1978, the disastrous commercial and critical failure of RSO's movie version of Sgt.
The first platinum record was also O.S.T.R.
This followed the merger of those labels' respective parent companies – the Columbia Graphophone Company and the Gramophone Company – to form EMI.
Other notable acts include Calvin Harris and Does It Offend You, Yeah?
Arhoolie still publishes blues and folk music, Tejano music including Lydia Mendoza, Los Alegres de Teran, Flaco Jimenez, regional Mexican music, cajun, zydeco, and bluegrass.
The label's artists include Maurizio Bianchi and Erratic.
The label moved office again in September 2010 to its current premises, also in Horsforth.
Serious Business bands have played 3 CMJ showcases, the Knitting Factory, Pianos, Irving Plaza, the Highline Ballroom, the Bowery Ballroom, and innumerable small New York venues.
Dacapo also produces jazz and experimental music.
Signed artists include Gibonni, Severina, Neno Belan, Danijela Martinović, Doris Dragović, Jinx and Let 3.
Blowfly, Benny Latimore, Peter Brown, Foxy, Kracker, Jimmy "Bo" Horne, Timmy Thomas, Little Beaver, Gwen McCrae, T-Connection, Bobby Caldwell, and Anita Ward.
Operating from the Auckland suburb of Mt.
Its main focus is electronic music such as new wave, minimal synth, electropop, post-punk, cold wave, dark wave, shoegazing and dream pop.
Tiny Engines is a record label from The Carolinas.
TBD Records is an American record label co-founded by Coran Capshaw and Phil Costello, and is a sublabel of ATO Records, distributed by RED Distribution.
In 2000, they launched Fukd ID to release limited edition singles by bands not necessarily on their roster, such as Interpol.
It was founded in 1952 by producer Richard Bock and drummer Roy Harte.
In 2006, Cannon recorded the singles "Dime Piece" and "My Wife" for the planned album Stages, which was never released.
Downtown Records is an American independent record label based in New York, New York with offices in Los Angeles.
In 2004, all of Fantasy's labels were purchased by Concord Records which was renamed them as the Concord Music Group.
The record label also holds copyright licenses for artists on their current roster, although not entirely for certain artists.
Interscope Records is an American record label.
The label has released recordings from artists including JEFF the Brotherhood, Diarrhea Planet, Be Your Own Pet, Ed Schrader's Music Beat, and Daddy Issues.
Red Melon's last release was in 2004.Its website is currently defunct.
z o.o., is a Polish record label founded in 1994 in Warsaw.
The group formed via collective participation at Loningisa's studios as players in sessions and the house band titled 'Bana Loningisa'.
During the 1980s DRO was an important label for independent artists in Spain, especially in Madrid.
Jay Sustain called the break "a time to reflect on the industry...and it's desires."
The store primarily sells digital music from independent artists, in MP3 format without digital rights management protection.
Zoo Records was a British independent record label formed by Bill Drummond and David Balfe in 1978.
In December 2007, Suburban Sprawl merged with Ann Arbor multimedia company, Quack!Media, and consequently is now based in Ann Arbor.
Works by Stockhausen, Boulez, Maxfield, Oliveros, Reich, and many other composers were made available through the label in that era.
Shitkatapult is a German record label which focuses on electronic music, spanning both IDM and techno.
Reach Records is an imprint of the Columbia Records Group, a division of Sony Music Entertainment.
The label closed in the early 1990s.
The current roster includes acclaimed independent artists such as Blueprint, Substantial, Count Bass D, Billy Drease Williams, Paulie Rhyme, Chuckie Campbell, Tanya Morgan, and Fresh Kils.
As of 2013, New Red Archives is a division of Cleopatra Records.
In January 1997, their entire mail-order inventory, private record collection, and some band gear was destroyed in a warehouse fire.
CMR are to release his first three solo albums.
In 1991 Restless and a number of Enigma Records titles were acquired by Bill Hein and Joe Regis and re-launched in Hollywood, California.
In 2014, AVJ was also converted into a Country-Rap brand.
Artists on Tummy Touch include Groove Armada, Patrick & Eugene, Niyi, Tutto Matto, Tom Vek, and label founder Tim Lee.
The second single released by Tollie was "Love Me Do" b/w "P.S.
Sam Phillips of Sun Records later ran the label on behalf of Wilson.
The Glyndebourne Label is a UK-based record label founded in 2006 to release live recordings of Glyndebourne Festival Opera performances.
Total Access Recording is a recording studio located in Redondo Beach, California, owned and operated by sound engineer and founder Wyn Davis.
Frontier Records first found success with the release of the Circle Jerks album Group Sex.
Deathbomb Arc ran a digital singles club in 2011 and 2012, releasing a single each week by a wide variety of artists.
Word Records is a Christian faith-based entertainment company based in Nashville, Tennessee.
UNFD is part of the UNIFIED Music Group, owned by Jaddan Comerford.
The band's second album, Once Upon a Time in the West, released by Necessary/Atlantic, also reached #1 on the UK album charts.
Thompson Square had a number-one hit on the label in early 2011 with "Are You Gonna Kiss Me or Not".
Sire Records is an American record label that is owned by Warner Music Group and distributed by Warner Bros. Records.
Aside from recording, it made the Australian pressings of stuff on other labels, such as RCA, Columbia & Mute Records from 1978 to 1987.
The records were popular not only for their price, but also because of the peppiness of the performances.
is an independent record label based in Brooklyn, New York.
Following that release, in April, Yer Bird released J. Tillman's fourth full-length album entitled Cancer and Delirium.
Babasin, president of Nocturne, remained to supervise the repertoire.
Although EMI continues to use the original logo, Robinson designed a new logo for his label.
This label releases mostly tribal, ritualistic and ethnic based post-industrial music.
The operations moved to Falls Church, Virginia, in August 1995.
Avang Music is a record label based in Los Angeles, California.
The Musicor catalog is today owned by Gusto Records.
ZYX Music is headquartered in Merenberg, Germany and has offices in the USA and several European countries.
A Cappella Records is an American record label specializing in a cappella music.
In 2016 the rights to the label were acquired by German company CILEM RECORDS INTERNATIONAL based in Augsburg.
Around 2007, Blues Interactions reactivated its concert promoter business.
It adopted its current name in 1988.
Its affiliate company, SimG Productions showcases new work on stage, in concerts, cabarets, plays and on CD.
Pitch Black Records is a Cyprus based independent record label.
Earwig released four albums by the Chicago blues duo, Chris James and Patrick Rynn.
Arbutus Records is a Montreal based record label and management company founded by Sebastian Cowan in 2009.
The Columbia Graphophone Company was one of the earliest gramophone companies in the United Kingdom.
DMP Digital Music Products was one of the first digital recording labels, generally specializing in jazz artists.
The label was formed under the name Outmosphere Records late in 1993.
The record company was mostly active from 1966 to 1972.
In July 2009, Human Imprint parted ways amicably with System Recordings, and Dieselboy created the SubHuman : Human Imprint for dubstep and electro releases.
It was originally owned by George Goldner and later acquired by Morris Levy and incorporated into Roulette Records.
He also owns Necessaries Toy Foundation, a company that creates 18-24 inch figures.
Cube Records was launched on 26 May 1972 by independent music publisher David Platz, and was based at his UK offices for Essex Music.
Other early releases include singles from Yes Boss, Sky Larkin, Shut Your Eyes And You'll Burst Into Flames, Bobby Cook and Grammatics.
Kill Rock Stars is an independent record label founded in 1991 by Slim Moon and Tinuviel Sampson, and based in both Olympia, Washington and Portland, Oregon.
For Record Store Day 2013, Rhino Records released a 7-inch boxset entitled Cotillion Records: Soul 45s.
For the label's Immersion DVD, Steenland commissioned 13 leading-edge composers to create pieces for high-resolution surround sound.
The numbering of the releases was continued, and older Philo releases were reprinted as Aladdin.
Strange Music, Inc. is an American independent record label specializing in hip hop music founded by Tech N9ne and business partner Travis O'Guin in 1999.
Their output includes electronica, post rock, indie, downtempo, minimal techno, noise and punk-pop.
In 2006, Compass purchased the Green Linnet and Xenophile catalogs, and in 2008 the label purchased Mulligan Records.
The label folded in 1927 with the death of Koulas' husband.
According to Scott Mellinger, lead guitarist for Zao, Ferret Records sold to Warner Music while Severson went on to start Good Fight.
Releases by the pop/rock group the Suburbs were both Twin/Tone's first release and its last.
Based in Los Angeles, California, the company produces reality and documentary television programs, feature films, and new media.
The label is now notorious for its Les Légions Noires releases, as well as other black metal bands that are known throughout the world.
Since gaining worldwide distribution with Burnside Distribution Corporation in 2010, the label has released records that have reached the Billboard and CMJ charts.
Singer Jaye P. Morgan made her recording debut for Derby in 1950.
The magazine was mentioned in Lords of Chaos as a fanzine "which glorifies the more notorious members of the scene from Norway".
Hades Records emerged at the end of 2000, with the goal of getting the voice of new artists heard.
In 1988) released his first top 10 hitsingle a Doug Ashdown cover on the CNR label.
It was also responsible for releasing previously unreleased live and studio recordings by Parliament-Funkadelic.
The follow up to their Urban Legendz album featured the songs: "I'm That Nigga", "Sukka Dukkas" and "Heartbreaker."
Among the big hits that Hickory had on the pop charts were those by Sue Thompson, Kris Jensen, Donovan, and The Newbeats.
Its initial releases have been in Internet download form with full releases scheduled in 2009.
Recordings is a vanity record label of Sri Lankan English hip hop recording artist M.I.A.
BTNH Worldwide is an independent record label started by hip hop group Bone Thugs-n-Harmony.
Asian Man Records is a small, DIY record label run by Mike Park in Monte Sereno, California.
Glass was one of the key London-based indie labels of the 1980s.
Loog Records is a UK-based record label, owned by Universal Music Group, and operated as an imprint of Polydor Records.
Angel Records was a record label founded by EMI in 1953.
In early 2005, Hugh Goldsmith returned to Sony BMG to set up Brightside Records.
The label focuses mainly on rock and heavy metal genres.
Green Day's management company, Pat Magnarella Management, now owns the label.
In 2006, the label jointly released Busta Rhymes's The Big Bang with Dr. Dre's Aftermath.
It is part of Universal Music Group.
"We provide our bands with services they would normally have to pay for — such as web design, graphic design, packaging, photography, distribution, PR and booking.
The company's name comes from the country blues sexual two-timing allegory "there's another mule kicking in your stall".
Launched in late December 2003, the label includes punk rock, indie rock, and ska bands.
A documentary was released in 2010, put together from footage shot across the week of the 2006 Plan It X Fest.
The creation of the label was in response to the band's record contract's ending with Essential Records, and the band's desiring to control their music output.
According to founder Rodolfo Protti, Old Europa Cafe has two guidelines for musick it releases—uncompromising industrial sounds and esoteric dark ambient styles.
Grand Ole Opry star Ray Pillow had light success on the label with one top 40 country hit in 1969.
It is the home of some of the best selling Balkans pop artists.
Initially located at 1325 N 46th St. and active as of 1990, the so-called "Avast!
Boomtown Records was an independent record label founded by Jaddan Comerford in October 2002 and based in Melbourne, Australia.
Slanted Records was started in 2004 with three bands under the label initially.
It was owned by a man called William Castillo.
Sonesta Records is an independent record label that was founded in 2007 by Israeli DJ Lior Lahav a.k.a.
Magna Carta Records is an independent record label located in Rochester, New York.
Larry Newton, formerly of Derby Records, was the general manager.
Most notably, the label launched the career of The Hives in the UK.
This was a compilation of India's unknown, yet talented rock bands.
Direct Hit Records was a record label and store based in Dallas, Texas.
The evidence suggests that short-term treatment with acupuncture does not produce long-term benefits.
Other artists who recorded for 16th Avenue included Vicki Bird, Canyon, Lane Caudell, John Conlee, Neal McCoy, Robin & Cruiser, John Wesley Ryles, and Randy VanWarmer.
Shangri-La Music is a "boutique" label, which is a smaller, more specialized label and offers 360 deals.
Portrait began in 1976 as a sister label of Epic; its initial signings were Joan Baez, Burton Cummings, and the McCrarys.
Liberty Music Shop Records was a record label formed in New York City in 1933.
The first formal release for Anticulture was Gutworm's 'Ruin The Memory' album in April 2004.
In 1997, Kurfirst formed a related label, Radiouniverse, as a joint venture with Universal Music Group's Universal Records.
In 1962 the label was acquired by Morris Levy and incorporated into Roulette Records.
The label also recorded European free jazz musicians such as Peter Brötzmann, documenting his transatlantic Chicago Octet and Tentet over ten albums.
Foster ran the label between 1961 and 1963.
It was formed from the merger of Show Dog Nashville and Universal South Records in 2009.
Radio Killa Records is an American record label created by singer-songwriter/producer The-Dream.
Hillsong albums are released and distributed by Hillsong Music Australia.
Folds was sorry to hear of the Low Road's break-up.
Carski Rez is an independent Serbian hip hop label from Belgrade formed in 2006 by Blokovski, Mauzer and Kuer, who make up the group Arhitekti.
Since 2014 he has headlined venues such as Ministry of Sound in London and Space in Ibiza.
Over 500 agreements were signed during volunteer program "Tecknologies of kind".
In addition, apparently at least one film by Michael Schell was distributed by the label.
It also owns an indie imprint, Tent House.
Alesana was the first band the label signed.
Kingdom Jazz uses the catalogue prefix GATE, for example: GATE 7003.
Trance Syndicate was an independent record label founded in 1990 by King Coffey, drummer of Austin, TX band the Butthole Surfers.
Lakeshore Records is the independent music division of Lakeshore Entertainment.
Steinar record label and its catalog owned by Skífan from its earlier acquisition.
Patrick Wolf is an English singer-songwriter from South London.
EMI hired former Top Rank label head Fred Oxon to run it and compete with Decca's London "American Recordings", and Pye's "Pye International" labels.
Below Par Records is an Australian independent record label established in 2000 by three sixteen-year-old Sydney high-school students, Jai Al-Attas, Mark Catanzariti and Steven Chalker.
States relied heavily on The Caravans, releasing 14 singles on them and compiling many more unissued tracks.
In 2010, RedOne had established 2101 Records.
The company was named after a horse Garibaldi and Hyde bet on when having a business meeting on the lawn of Arlington National Raceway.
Skam Records is an independent Electronic record label based in Manchester, England, founded by Andy Maddocks around 1990.
Through the years the label had several sub-labels like B³, Byte Progressive, Discomatic and La Belle Noir.
Strictly Rhythm is an American house-music record label.
On the album, His Name Is Alive, including members of Nomo in this incarnation, perform the music of jazz icon Marion Brown.
The label's catalog has been licensed frequently to other record labels since the 1970s.
The label has released studio albums by the likes of Push Button Objects, Diverse, and Vast Aire.
The label has released 26 studio albums in total, with 13 of them being certified gold or higher, by the Recording Industry Association of America.
Uncle Jam Records was a record label formed by Parliament-Funkadelic leader George Clinton and his personal manager Archie Ivy.
The original intended name for the label was Rockingham, inspired by the song ‘Hoots Mon!’ by Lord Rockingham’s XI.
In 2010, UMRL saw successful releases from Simple Minds and A-ha which charted at 10 and 5 in the official artist album charts respectively.
Oliver Sudden Productions is a Canadian independent record label focusing on traditional music from various parts of the world.
"Former A&M/Octone Execs Launch Hybrid Company Freesolo; Gavin DeGraw, Hunter Hunted Among First Signings".
Waterfront Records was an independent record label based in Sydney, that released recordings by some of Australia's most influential bands of the 1980s and 1990s.
Registered as a limited liability company, it has 14 full-time employees.
Some tracks were licensed from the US.
- Various Artists - Philly Groove Records Presents: Deeper In The Groove 
It was founded by American recording artist Tyga in 2015.
Eagle Records is a leading independent record label, a division of Edel Records and of Eagle Rock Entertainment.
It was purchased in 2007 by Matthew Knowles' company, Music World Entertainment .
The first album released by the label was D'banj's No Long Thing in 2005.
The label quickly became insolvent and was closed by the Chrysalis Group in 2002.
Illegal Musik is a New Zealand Lifestyle Company - with a primary focus on Music & Entertainment.
J Records was an American major record label owned and operated by Sony Music Entertainment, and was distributed through the RCA Music Group.
My Music, is a Polish record label founded in 2006 in Poznań by Remigiusz "DJ Remo" Łupicki and Dominik Urbański, previously owners of UMC Records.
Notable artists who started on Sympathy and went on to gain mainstream success include The White Stripes, Hole, and The Electrocutes.
They would continue to release records for their established artists Feeder and Morcheeba.
RedOne Records is an international record label founded by Moroccan-Swedish record producer RedOne in 2014.
Anova’s primary aim is to create and produce music content and export it worldwide.
After Universal Music Group acquired Sanctuary in 2007, CMC International ceased to exist.
Hed Arzi is involved with producing music, importing albums from abroad, and distributing Israeli and international music.
The label was created in 2009 with the intention to help establish up-and-coming artists within the scene.
In 1982, ROIR released the compilation album New York Thrash, documenting the hardcore punk scene in the New York metropolitan area.
Formed in 2006 December 1 DataBlender began as a collective sound system based in London, England.
The song became Dottie West's first top 40 Pop hit after a few modestly charting solo records on the Billboard Hot 100 over the years.
With distribution through Columbia Records, Pasha was the home to acts such as Quiet Riot and Kick Axe.
Big Eye Music is a Los Angeles-based production company and independent record label founded in 2000.
The "Yung Gunz" name was later dropped due to a conflict with another group of the same name, but different spelling.
Many members of ELO also released solo albums or singles on Jet in the late 1970s.
Well known Pastor and church organist, the late Rev.
Warner Music Latina is a record label part of Warner Music Group that focuses on Latin music.
T Records was the record label imprint used solely by the Thompson Twins in the UK for their first 2 albums and corresponding singles.
Sub Pop achieved fame in the late 1980s for first signing Nirvana, Soundgarden, Mudhoney and many other bands from the Seattle alternative rock scene.
The label takes its name from the 1970s hard rock band Leaf Hound.
It is a vanity label operating under the larger parent publisher Cooking Vinyl.
All releases were on vinyl in limited editions.
In 2016, Laura Karpman won a Grammy® Award for her creation ASK YOUR MAMA based on the poetry of Langston Hughes.
Checker Records is an inactive record label that was started in 1952 as a subsidiary of Chess Records in Chicago, Illinois.
The label was also notable for releasing the 1970 and 1971 Donovan albums, Open Road and HMS Donovan.
In addition to these artists, two other noted recording acts were credited artists on Swan Song singles, both of which were UK hits in 1981: B.
Created by Allen Avanessian in 1994, the label specialized in IDM, folktronica and experimental music.
Sonic Vista Music is an independent English record label, founded in Kingston upon Hull in 2005, notable for having business connections in Japan and Canada.
Avantgarde Music's first release was the 1994 funeral doom classic Stream from the Heavens by Thergothon.
City Slang is a record label based in Berlin, Germany.
Song Haus Music is an independent label, self release consultant, artist management and music publisher.
All of these companies were acquired by Bluesland Productions in the mid-1990s.
The label, founded in Gainesville, Florida, is now based in New York City.
Label co-founder Craig Tyson died on November 30, 2006 in Indianapolis.
From 1908 to 1912, the Indestructible company's output was distributed exclusively by Columbia Records.
Hebinomichi is an international music collective, record label and crew.
Fried Egg Records was a record label set up in 1979 by Andy Leighton, administrator of the Bristol based Crystal Theatre.
The label's name is borrowed from a line in Tom Wolfe's 1968 nonfiction novel The Electric Kool-Aid Acid Test.
The label has several sublabels, which include Evolver, Instinct Ambient, Kickin Records USA, Liquid Music, Shadow Records, and Sonic Records.
On top of this the band have had 3 consecutive top 20 singles since March 2007.
The label has released albums by bands such as Empire!
JDC Records was an important record distributor during the golden years of dance music.
Rekords Rekords is a record label formed by Josh Homme.
He then bought out Little David Records, the label that previously released his material.
The roster was either absorbed by Warner Bros., dropped, or left in limbo.
By 1966, Bluesville stopped issuing LPs; items of blues-related interest appear to have then been diverted to Milestone Records, another imprint of Prestige.
Starkland also distributes CDs from other labels, including Paul Dresher's Slow Fire, Steven Mackey's Ravenshead and Erling Wold's A Little Girl Dreams of Taking the Veil.
The first album distributed by the label was Zidovi, by the wife of the founder, Jana.
The label's motto is: "A higher quality experience in music".
However, after a number of album releases failed to sell, it was decided in 2001 that Papillion would not sign anymore acts.
It was also the world's largest independent owners of music intellectual property rights, with over 160,000 songs.
The label operated from 1983 until 2000, and during those seventeen years, only released ska and ska-influenced music.
Fiction repertoire is now released internationally through Caroline.
The label represented a merger of Interscope-Geffen-A&M's A&M Records defunct label with Octone Records.
Its first release was Aaron Hall's Adults Only album then followed with K-Ci of Jodeci and K-Ci & JoJo solo debut "My Book".
BTNH Worldwide is the home for Bone Thugs-n-Harmony and affiliates such as Mo Thug artist, Mo Thug West artist and ThugLine.
One example of their projects is Obsession, a compilation of rare psychedelic music from countries such as Peru, Turkey, India, Brazil, Uruguay and Argentina.
Its specially composed department is called Inter Angel.
24 Hour Service Station is an American independent record label founded by Marshall Dickson in Tampa, Florida, in 1993.
Lungcast was briefly resurrected in 2002, but quickly faded and closed.
It has since been considered a grime classic and earned him the 2003 Mercury Prize.
Positron Records is an independent record label based in Chicago, Illinois.
Creation Records was a British independent record label headed by Alan McGee.
In 2008, Frank received the Blues Foundation's Keeping the Blues Alive Award.
Afternoon Records is an active member of the Warner Music Group.
After the 2nd album, T Records was absorbed into Arista Records, where the band continued releasing albums & singles.
The label released two seminal compilation recordings for Austrian electroacoustic, experimental and improv group of artists known as klingt.org and Berlin Echtzeitmusik scene.
Sublabels included Storyville Records and Street Level Records, founded by Randy Stonehill.
Cruz Records was an offshoot record label of SST Records, owned by the Black Flag guitarist Greg Ginn.
Mojo was a British record label founded in 1971.
Evolution sold Lighthouse's contract to Polydor Records, but retained rights to material originally issued on Evolution.
Their records are distributed in Canada by Universal Music Group.
The label was launched mid-2008 by Eric Lipscomb.
The label works exclusively with Australian artists including Wolf & Cub, Ned Collette, New Buffalo, Deloris, Snowman, St. Helens, Fire!
It began as an offshoot of the Workers' Music Association in 1939, making it the oldest independent record label in the world.
The label closed down when Uttal moved to London; he later returned to New York where he died in 1993.
Indianola Records is an American independent record label that mainly focuses on hardcore punk.
They were composed of full-length versions of black club and urban dance music.
Numerous smaller claims by Craze against individuals have been similarly unsuccessful.
His follow-up album, Magazines or Novels, contained the triple-platinum selling single "Honey, I'm Good" and the gold-certified "Good to Be Alive".
The label's general style of music is soul/funk/jazz/disco related and defined as dance music and/or black music of various origins.
In 2009, the label signed The White Wires from Ottawa.
He founded the non-profit and humanitarian-oriented band Faceless International, and is the founder of Wood Water Records, the home of Anchor & Braille.
It was associated with the Polydor group.
World Serpent Distribution was a British record label and music distribution house formed in the 1990s by David Gibson, Alan Trench and Alison Webster.
The band also released their fourth studio album, The Walk, through 3CG.
was sold to Virgin Records in 1992, which continued operating E.G.
Buddy Guy released two singles in 1958 on Cobra's Artistic Records subsidiary.
Boston 8-Bit is a music/arts collective based in Boston, Massachusetts that features 8-bit, chiptune, and glitch music.
It has been home to many well-known musical acts, including Underoath, Hawk Nelson, Emery, The Almost, FM Static, Family Force 5, and MxPx.
It is based in London and previously had offices in Chicago, Le Havre and Berlin.
Plantation Records was a country music record label of the 1960s and 1970s helmed by Shelby Singleton.
Tantric Harmonies is Russian pioneering indie label started in early 2000.
Cogumelo Records is a Brazilian independent record label that concentrates on heavy metal bands.
It was founded by jazz enthusiasts Matthias Winckelmann and Horst Weber in 1971.
Catbird Records is an independent record label, formed in September 2005, in Columbus, Ohio.
Autry's involvement with the label was short lived as he sold his interest to the remaining partners in October 1958.
Frontier Records is an independent record label, started in 1980 in Sun Valley, Los Angeles by Lisa Fancher, a former employee of Bomp!
Charisma's first record label was a distinctive "pink scroll" design.
Skatterman & Snug Brim is a rap duo from Kansas City, Missouri, best known for their song, Block Party.
Jan Robbe, otherwise known by his music project aliases Atomhead, Erratic, and UndaCova, is an electronic music artist.
Gruenrekorder is a German record label for field recording, soundscapes and sound art.
In 1988 the label released the album Front By Front by Front 242 including the single "Headhunter".
Based in New York City, it is curated by Australian artist Angus Tarnawsky.
Moonglow Records was a small record label in the 1960s.
Since 2005 Tapete Records also attends to international acts, for example from the US, Great Britain, Australia and Sweden.
Partee Records was a daughter label of Stax Records which was specialized in comedy music.
The digital distribution is handled by Independent Online Distribution Alliance.
During 2004 the Peggs were divorced resulting in the sale of studio.
The catalogues Gusto owns include King Records, Starday, Scepter, Wand Musicor, Chart, Federal, Audio Lab, Ovation, Step One, Atteiram, and others.
With 140 releases by more than 250 artists 1605 is the biggest label UMEK has founded since Recycled Loops and Consumer Recreation.
Grinding Tapes Recording Company is an independent record label that documents Boston's indie folk music scene.
For the Canadian record label of the same name that existed from 1971 to 1978, see Daffodil Records.
Cavity Search Records is a record label based in Portland, Oregon formed in 1992 by Christopher Cooper and Denny Swofford.
Manimal has offices in Los Angeles and New York City.
In the United States, many of the Zoth Ommog artists were released domestically under Cleopatra Records and Metropolis Records.
For further details and references see http://www.MainspringPress.com/okeh.html.
Ubiquity Records is an American music label that focuses on funk, rare groove, soul, and hip hop and other musical genres.
Minimal Wave Records is a New York City based independent record label founded by Veronica Vasicka in 2005.
In 2004, Paul Geissinger connected with Marking as Seclusiasis evolved into a record label.
In doing so, they have earned themselves the respect of numerous luminaries within the music industry.
It is home to such acts as Freezepop, Lifestyle, The Texas Governor, Rockets Burst from the Streetlamps, Chop Chop, and Karacter.
The company also has divisions in Canada, Asia and Europe.
Voiceprint Records is a company and record label based in England, founded in 1990 by Rob Ayling.
His debut album Look What You Made Me was released in 2008.
It was founded in Manchester, England, in 1993 by Dave Davis of Jeep Beat Collective.
The label was relaunched to promote Columbia's acquired and independently produced recordings as opposed to Columbia's in-house productions.
Oblivion Records was an American independent record label that focused on under recorded blues and jazz musicians.
Other notable releases once Dirtnap expanded its focus include several records by groups such as The Marked Men from Denton, Texas and The Ergs!
Among the hits released by S-Curve between 2000-2004 were "Who Let the Dogs Out?"
The label ceased production at the end of the decade.
Little Marvel was a United Kingdom record label which issued small gramophone records during the 1920s.
International as well as local talented dj’s such as Mo & Benoelie, TLP and ‘The Flying Dewale Brothers’ were usual guests at the turntables.
Rotana Records is the Arab World's largest record label.
The label has released material from such notable bands as Defiance, Ohio and Ghost Mice, amongst others.
Columbia is one of Sony Music's three flagship record labels with RCA and Epic.
The label announced in 2010 that they would now be releasing music from Built To Spill throughout Europe and Autolux worldwide.
In late 1995, he was handed a demo by local band Vent.
Neither is it the last you'll hear from us 3, individually or as a collective.
Metroplex is a techno record label in Detroit, founded in 1985 by techno pioneer Juan Atkins.
As of October 2016, the label employs four people.
Artists on the label frequently collaborate and swap members.
The label was founded in 1996 with its first official release by a San Francisco three-piece named Job.
Bloodshot Records is an independent record label based in Chicago, Illinois that specializes in roots-infused indie rock, punk rock, and alternative country.
Polymorph Records is a record label based in London, England.
Rowdy Records is an independent record label, distributed through Motown Records.
Five years later Biodro was reactivated, and issued some new records.
It was taken over by Sena in the latter half of the 2000s.
Claxtonola was a jazz record label founded in 1918 by the Brenard Manufacturing Company in Iowa City, Iowa.
Manor Records moved its headquarters to New Jersey.
Ostgut Ton is the label owned by the club Berghain in Berlin.
It operated from 1994 until 2002 and was run by Simon Ghahary, the designer with the company who came up with the "pod" speaker series.
Purpose Maker is a record label from African American Techno DJJeff Mills.
The label's first release arrived in 1991; the Psychotronic EP by Earth Leakage Trip.
The label was founded in 2000 by Peter Watchorn, and through 2007, most issues were produced by him.
The label has been called an "indie institution".
In 1933, they started their own private recording label, using original masters recorded at Brunswick Records and later Decca studios.
Since June 2013, etcetc has been headed up by ex-Ministry of Sound A&R and Compilations Manager Aden Mullens.
In 2016, Chortkoff's co-defendant Sam Braslau was sentenced to seven years in federal prison in Lompoc, California.
"I was one of the first artists L.A. [Reid] and Babyface signed to LaFace Records," he says.
After Jet's UK distribution moved to United Artists in 1976, UA were distributing Jet Records in most countries of the world.
In March 2014, Albert Castiglia signed a recording contract with Ruf.
It was started in 2007 by Ian Wheeler and Tim Putnam.
United Records was a record company and label founded in Chicago by Leonard Allen and Lew Simpkins in 1951.
The studio offers 72-track analog recording facilities with a Trident 52-channel console and a Pro Tools digital system for recording, editing, and mixing.
Recently, Fat Possum has signed younger rock acts to its roster.
By combining philanthropy with entertainment, they provide a benefit to both those in need and those who contribute.
Renowned names as Project Pitchfork, Die Form, and cEvin Key were released alongside lesser-known acts.
In November 2015, "Friends of Tricycle Records Compilation Vol.
The name is an abbreviation of the company's original Berlin address, Kaiserdamm 7.
In 1927 the source of Bell masters shifted to Gennett Records.
Dødpop was the first Norwegian record label to specialize in skweee music.
Undermine Records, is an independent American electronic dance music record label.
The practiced methods are questionable and in civilized countries they would be a ground for court actions, at least for libel., Photographs from the scene, Seliger-2010
Apart from CDs & DVDs, one can also find useful Books.
Music Farm is a Korean pop record label, founded with the band Cherry Filter as a name of Farm Entertainment in 2002.
Both Tim Whitsett and Bobby Rush then joined Malaco Records with Whitsett serving as Copyright Manager.
PolyGram Polska catalogue have been taken over by Universal Music Polska.
2004-2 CD The Fabulous Thunderbirds, Butt Rockin'
Jimmy Jazz Records is a Polish independent record label from Szczecin.
A large portion of the record label, known as Hellcat Records, is owned by Tim Armstrong, frontman of the punk rock band Rancid.
Data Records, along with Ministry sub-labels Sound of Ministry and Rulin Records since 1999, have been distributed in Australia by Ministry of Sound Australia.
Between 1962 and 1965 Freddie King, one of the three Blues "kings", released a series of albums, mostly instrumentals, for Federal.
He purchased Sun Records from Sam Phillips in 1969.
However, the label has experimented with different styles in recent years.
Turquoise Jeep Records is an independent record label founded by Flynt Flossy and Whatchyamacallit.
Paper + Plastick is an American independent record label and comic book publisher, founded in 2008 and based in Gainesville, Florida.
RCA acted as manufacturer and distributor for Colgems.
Since the formation, the label has represented a number of hip-hop acts including Figgkidd a.k.a.
The label folded after Jason Mizell was brutally murdered in 2002.
Treat Records was an American record label founded in March 1955 by Murray Katz.
TRA-Star also released a string of Top 40 hits by other artists including Billy Walker, Patsy Cole, and Rebecca Holden.
It was only a part-time label until 1998, when they began to expand further into punk rock music.
It is co-owned by award-winning singer-songwriter Darey.
In January 2016, Yellow Dog Records will be a recipient of the 2016 Keeping the Blues Alive Awards, presented by the Blues Foundation.
The Profane Existence Collective is a Minneapolis-based anarcho-punk collective.
Orange Recordings is a record label that started in Chicago in 1997.
"Caravan" is a Gregmark recording attributed to Duane Eddy but in fact is by the session man Al Casey.
The label's initial releases were folk and protest songs from the Soviet Union and the Spanish Civil War, and several anti-war releases from American musicians followed.
Rock 'n Roll Records was a subsidiary record label under Scotti Brothers Records, which was a California-based record label founded by Tony and Ben Scotti.
The logo was a photographic-style variation of Virgin's "Twins" logo designed by Roger Dean.
It serves the genres of reggaetón, bachata, hip hop, R&B, and various other styles of Tropical and Latin music.
Philly Jazz was a small jazz record label in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
Boaz de Jong, better known by his stage name Boaz van de Beatz, is a Dutch music producer and DJ.
They would go on to record country and Cajun music as well.
Cardinal Records was a jazz record label founded in 1920 in New York that published the first recordings by Ethel Waters.
Founded in 2013 by producers Divvorce and Hound Scales, Fifth Wall releases primarily house music and techno.
Origin Jazz Library is an independent record label established by Bill Givens and Pete Whelan in 1960 to reissue blues from the 1920s and 1930s.
In 2015, the school was rated "Met Standard" by the Texas Education Agency.
Glitch Mode Recordings is a music collective based in Chicago, Illinois.
The label was founded in 1997 by the hardcore guitarist John Wylie.
When founded in 2007 it was known as Hard2Beat Records, and was rebranded to its current name in 2010.
The company was absorbed by Warner Bros. in 1992.
In the UK, the label was revived by EMI's Angel Records.
The Social Registry is a record label based in Brooklyn, New York that was started in 2003.
Currently, Kicking Mule is handled by Ace Records.
Playmaker Music is an American record label, founded by producer Chadron Moore in 2007.
The label has also released two mixtapes, which include previously unreleased music by artists such as KRS-One, Ras Kass, Big Pun, and Sean Price.
It released the debut albums of Tangerine Dream and Klaus Schulze.
KIX-25: Ivory Joe Hunter: I Had a Girl
The label is named after the song "Crying Sun" by Radio Birdman on their 1981 studio album, Living Eyes.
The label operates in tandem with a mail-order retailer, Wayside Music, which dates to 1980.
In 2006 a new imprint was made, Issachar Recordings, this will release albums with different musical styles than hip hop.
Limited Edition titled SLC 2K4 Official Bootleg.
Nimfa Sound was a record label founded and based in Tuzla, Bosnia and Herzegovina in 1992.
It wasn't really a company or anything of that sort, just a way for these bands to get their records out.
The label only signed, produced and developed bands with a "clear Satanic attitude and commitment."
The album's eponymous lead single became his fourth top 10 hit on the Billboard Hot 100.
They owned two other labels, Ensign and Andex, which shared the same numbering system with Keen.
Hy-Tone was an influential independent record label in Chicago that issued rhythm and blues records between 1946 and 1948.
It was a black pop label, featuring Sam Cooke and Johnny "Guitar" Watson.
He signed a distribution deal with Independent Label Distribution, then immediately put out a full-length LP as well as three 7"s by The Ettes.
The label produced original "country music" from old time fiddle/bluegrass/banjo to more modern electric guitar and steel guitar albums.
Co-founder / co-owner Aaron North ended his association with Buddyhead in late 2008.
Buddyhead engaged in criticism of popular culture and the music industry.
Attached to the label as in-house DJ is former Cali Untouchable DJ, DJ Fingaz.
Coming from electronic music, the label usually goes off the beaten path, from classical music to ambient, through club or pop music.
It was founded by record producer Dave Lynch.
Brian Volk–Weiss, founder and CEO of Comedy Dynamics, is the CEO of Nacelle.
It is dedicated to artists in the progressive rock genre.
Best Before Records is a boutique independent record label based in London, United Kingdom.
Plan-It-X Records is an independent record label in the United States.
The label also specializes in leather-made accessories, including guitar straps and motorcycle bags.
They are perhaps best known for being signed to fellow Georgia-based rapper Ludacris' Disturbing tha Peace label, as well as their debut single "Duffle Bag Boy".
The label is run by former 4 Non Blondes member Linda Perry and has a partnership with Warner Music Group's Atlantic Records division.
In 2016, Despotz Records was one of the 21 labels nominated for the IMPALA FIVEUNDERFIFTEEN campaign shining a light on Europe's most inspiring young labels.
The label had releases from artists such as Agent 23, Tricky Dick and Blueprint 76.
"The crossover potential and international appeal of this repertoire has aided us in garnering worldwide success."
The documentary Untold Noise, which focused on the Toronto noise punk scene, features interviews with Buzz Records co-founder Denholm Whale and Buzz Record signees, HSY.
Factory, which continues to release reissues and compilations.
Viva Records is a Philippine record label that is owned by Viva Entertainment.
Rockland Records main producers are R. Kelly and Trackmasters.
Helicon represents and distributes Israeli artists such as Matti Caspi, Aviv Geffen, Idan Raichel, Ivri Lider, and Blackfield.
The record label is based in Sacramento, California and was launched in 2013.
The SAIFAM Group is the biggest Italian record label and production company featuring hardstyle, Italo dance, Eurodance, Hi-NRG, pop and fitness music genres.
Alice In... is an indie industrial-oriented record label based in Hesse, Germany.
Over the next few years, the label signed several then-little-known bands, among them future million-selling Glay and Luna Sea.
The record label was founded in 1987 by Markus Staiger in Germany.
A year later in 2013, Eskimo Recordings gracefully entered its second decade of collection releases with a new concept : “The color collections”.
It was founded by businessman Peter Lam and singer Leon Lai on 28 July 2004.
The company consists of a record label, band management, sports management, a clothing line and an art studio.
Apt Records was a sub-label from ABC-Paramount Records.
Not to be confused with the Canadian label with the same name.
The label is best known for bringing the Cleveland band Mushroomhead to national attention.
Several one-volume CDs like Dance Rock have also been released.
Jazz and blues records were produced in New York City, with some in Montreal, and marketed via the Ajax Record Company of Chicago.
Pride: A Tribute to Charley Pride was a tribute album to artist Charley Pride which featured guest performances by Darius Rucker and Trace Adkins.
Concord also includes The Jazz Alliance, founded around 1990 to issue programs from Marian McPartland's radio broadcast Piano Jazz.
J J Fuchs - Stick It In The Middle - single - 2007
However, in 2010 they reunited and have begun to associate themselves with rapper Vado.
These original "Cumberland Record" albums were all produced by Kelso Herston, a Nashville producer at the time.
Charlie Ryan recorded "Hot Rod Lincoln" for 4 Star.
They are pioneers of the Israeli Psychedelic Trance.
After a long break it relaunched on MP3 format in 2011.
The school serves a portion of Dallas and Cockrell Hill.
Mascot Label Group is an independently owned record label.
The label was most active during the 1960s, and Columbia continued to issue repackages on the label into the mid-1970s.
Originally a folk music label, Verve Forecast challenged standard record industry practice by developing long term careers instead of generating hit records.
The original label was purchased in 1992 by TVT Records, and subsequently discontinued in 2001.
8bitpeoples was founded in 1999 by Jeremiah "Nullsleep" Johnson and Mike "Tangible" Hanlon.
We plan to put something new together in the not too distant future.
Partisan Records is a Brooklyn, New York and London, UK based independent record label.
The label was known for associating with the late night partiers from the Trocadero Transfer, a popular disco nightclub at the time.
Legacy Recordings is an American record label that is a division of Sony Music.
In 2008 they signed the British band Hatcham Social, releasing their debut album You Dig The Tunnel I'll Hide The Soil in June 2009.
13th Planet Records is an American record label founded by Ministry frontman Al Jourgensen.
OWSLA is a record label founded by Sonny "Skrillex" Moore and co-founded by Tim "Bitvargen" Smith, Kathryn Frazier, and Clayton Blaha.
Some tracks were remixed and produced by current Suave House's producer Jiggolo.
In 2011, Billboard Magazine listed Infinity Cat among the 50 best indie labels in America.
The first hit was local girl Cathy Carr's rendition of a Tin Pan Alley song, "Ivory Tower" in 1956.
The music label signs only Canadian bands with the label's current genre focus of dance-punk/indie rock.
Jet carried on in a diminished capacity in the late 1980s.
It was set to be released June 2 but was pushed back to June 23, 2009.
Black Crow Records was originally owned by MWM Records.
Dash and Burke have started up Dame Dash Music Group since, which was also distributed by Island Def Jam.
Wall of Sound is an independent record label based in London, England.
Sunday Best Recordings Ltd is a British music company, founded and run by BBC Radio 6 DJ Rob da Bank.
Additionally, his song with Rodney Atkins, "Take a Back Road" was named Song of the Year.
Astralwerks is a US-based record label primarily focused on electronic and dance music.
It is the home of Midnight Oil.
Named after a Public Image Limited song, it is seen as something of a return to the staunchly independent roots of Creation.
Stollman later resumed direct responsibility for reissues and for recruiting new emerging artists.
Though it started as a classical-only label, Telarc has released jazz, blues and country music recordings.
The first three volumes are completed with the fourth volume now being compiled.
In July 2014, the label announced it had changed strategic partners and was now part of Concord Music Group.
Notable releases include the first material from clipping., Death Grips and Julia Holter.
It is regarded as the best known European label specializing in 1990s-style pop-punk.
It was based in New York City at 236 West 55th Street.
Great Big Island is an independent record label based in Washington State.
Artists currently signed to Baudelaire include Jon-Rae and the River, Jill Barber, Andrew Rodriguez, Matthew Barber, The Diableros, and Jewish Legend.
Oglio Records is an American record company started in 1993 by Carl Caprioglio.
In recent years, the label has collaborated with So So Def Recordings, Star Trak Entertainment and Sho'Nuff Records.
White Lion Records is a Reggaeton record label established by Elías de León with the release of Playero 37 of DJ Playero.
Lumber may be supplied either rough-sawn, or surfaced on one or more of its faces.
Bacchus Archives is a record label that has often released previous unreleased recordings.
Grinnin 'Records is a British independent record label, founded by Andrew Kwame Asamoah, former A&R Manager at RCA Records, Sony Music.
Many of the company's sleeves were designed by the in-house designer Peter Saville.
Steve Byram has designed and illustrated the artwork for many of the label's albums.
Current artists on the label roster include Flying Lotus, Rustie, Oneohtrix Point Never, Danny Brown, Grizzly Bear, Brian Eno, TNGHT, and Kelela.
Tolotta re-released The Obsessed's first album and picked up Scott Weinrich's new band, Shine, who later changed their name to Spirit Caravan.
Unsub Records is an American record label owned by Capitol Music Group and founded in 2014 by singer Katy Perry.
Whitfield Records was distributed throughout its entire existence by Warner Bros. Records.
Threshold Records was a record label created by the Moody Blues after their 1969 album On the Threshold of a Dream.
In his autobiography, Beatles producer George Martin dubbed Cherokee Studios the best studio in America.
Freedom From is a record label based in Minneapolis, Minnesota, which primarily focuses on the international noise underground genre.
In 2006, McKay set up Prestel Records, which released a number of 12" records, notably by Das Pop, Cobra Dukes and Dada Life.
Other acts signed to the label included The Devlins and Tyzle Fly.
When distributing music other than Hip-Hop, the company uses the moniker iH2D.
Several of the artists on the label had debuted with 7-inch single/EP releases on Crass Records, but Corpus Christi was used for future releases.
GMP is one of the most successful music labels in Namibia.
Universal Music Polska runs a subsidiary Magic Records Sp.
It was founded in Beverly Hills, California, in 1981 by record company executive and music publisher Arthur Mogull.
In 1995, he moved to Boston to attend art school.
The company also owned Pausa Records in the United States, a label mostly known for Jazz recordings.
Two prominent figures who recorded for Jewel were Lonnie Mack, who did two singles for the label in 1970, and Albert Washington.
It was recorded in many countries in collaboration with many artists.
Buzz Records is a collective, co-founded by Denholm Whale, Ian Chai, Dean Tzenos and Jude.
The company derived its name from the IATA and ICAO airport codes for Nashville International Airport.
Warner Music Group later acquired Parlophone and PLG in 7 February 2013, making Parlophone their new third flagship label, alongside Warner Bros. Records and Atlantic Records.
Hermes Records is a record label founded in Tehran, Iran in 1999 by Ramin Sadighi.
Its two major acts were The Gap Band and Yarbrough & Peoples.
My real sense is that he [Stollman] was abducted by aliens, and when he was probed it erased his memory of where all the money was".
Giantslayer Records was an American independent record label specializing in country music.
So So Def has managed artists such as Bow Wow, Kris Kross, TLC, Usher and Da Brat.
She has also composed instrumental music for The Oprah Winfrey Show, The Dr. Oz Show, TLC, and The Daily 10 on the E!
Over the last thirty-nine years, Johfu has recorded many jazz musicians, including Chet Baker, Duke Jordan, Jan Lundgren, Carsten Dahl, and Casper Villaume.
Bozon Records is a Polish independent record label specialized in hip-hop music.
Black Cloud Music is considered one of the leading independent hip-hop labels in the Inland Empire.
Before its dormancy, it had become a premier label for experimental rock bands.
In March 2000, Dorn resigned from the company.
The Regular Records label was founded in 1978 by Martin Fabinyi and Cameron Allan.
and Mark Otten, the Armind label has become synonymous with massive progressive anthems.
Interdependent Media is an U.S. independent record label based in Oakland, California.
Based in London, Lojinx markets and distributes music internationally in Europe, Japan, Australia and New Zealand.
Some of the Yiddish artists recorded for this label included Solomon Smulewitz, Regina Prager and Kalmen Juvelier.
Bradley's Records was a UK record label in the mid-1970s.
Most of its releases are extremely limited editions involving handcrafted package art.
The collective began as a website created by Chris Mahoney and James Therrien to publicise the chiptune music scene in and around Boston.
Awakening Records is a UK-based media production owned and operated by Awakening Worldwide.
In 1980, it launched 2 labels: Avangarde, which focuses on Progressive Rock & New Wave music, and Nocedicoco, which focuses on Reggae music.
Kedar Records is part of Universal Records.
MTM Records was an American independent record label specializing in country music.
At that point, Cotillion's catalog albums outside those genres were reissued on Atlantic.
Nick Records is the record label for the children's television channel Nickelodeon.
Stax also released gospel, funk, jazz, and blues recordings.
Jay Dawson and Jeff Hearington are the owners and officers of the company.
Brother Records, Inc. is a holding company established in 1967 that holds the intellectual property rights of The Beach Boys, including "The Beach Boys" trademark.
679 Artists was a Warner Music Group-owned record label based in London, England.
Starkland's two most ambitious projects have focused on surround sound.
The company also runs HeartBeat Distribution now known as Catholic Distribution a distributor within the Catholic & Christian market.
They also signed the UK producers Simian Mobile Disco for the UK.
In 1976, Newton took over control of the now Green Linnet label and moved it to Danbury, Connecticut in 1985.
Throughout its history, Sound of Gospel had added a lot of other artists like Esther Smith, the Youth IV Christ Fellowship Mass Choir, etc.
Good Fight Entertainment is a business conglomerate that was founded in 2010.
Distribution was handled by DIW Records, an independent label owned by the music store chain disk UNION.
It was founded in 2001 by Curtis Knapp and Adrian Orange.
This record was also released on Congress Records in the US.
A notable LP was Hudson, the first album by the Hudson Brothers.
Melodeon Records is a record label set up in 1964 by Richard K. Spottswood.
This was followed later that year by The Lucksmiths' Boondoggle and Cuddlefish's Grap’s Fruity Elixir.
The label is known for songs like Fiesta, Fortunate, Be Careful and What Would You Do?.
On March 2, the company placed an advertisement in Billboard magazine, announcing the new trade name.
He was an early member of 808 State, and later achieved success as a solo artist.
It was created by Ziggy, Stephen, Julian and Damian Marley who are all sons of legendary reggae artist Bob Marley.
It's always arguable whether someone got the best treatment when it comes to a record company.
DJ Paul Oakenfold numbers amongst their former A&R men.
The label officially wound up in 2001.
Based in Philadelphia, it was an integral part of the dominance of popular Philadelphia artists and music in the late 1950s and early 1960s.
In 2017, New Wave Entertainment spun off Comedy Dynamics into a stand-alone entity called the Nacelle Company.
No Limit's Vice President is Romeo's brother Valentino.
Born in 1998, Scarlet Records released more than 200 albums.
Originally, Vagrant Records was mostly focused on emo bands such as Dashboard Confessional, Saves the Day, The Get Up Kids, and Alkaline Trio.
In the original painting, the dog was listening to a cylinder phonograph.
Active Records is a record sublabel of RCA Records.
Amid personal and financial disagreements, he left, and in 1968 he formed his own label as an outlet for music he produced and his own recordings.
Little is known about the label and no official website or company exists.
He took the name from the name of the song "Hoo Bangin'" by his group, Westside Connection.
The following August, he released his debut studio album Based on a T.R.U.
Today, Below Par Records is home to gold-selling artist Kisschasy as well as Something With Numbers, The Scare and Teenage Fairytale Dropouts.
Pax Americana Recording Company, also known as just PAX-AM, is a record label founded by Ryan Adams based on his recording studio PAX-AM in 2004.
It is also home to newcomers Ampichino, Nyce, Young Dru, and Marc Shyst.
Huey P Meaux took control in the early 1970s, and gave the studio its current name.
For the re-edition in 2012, Cassie Taylor was replaced by Victoria Smith.
This was disclosed to interviewer Robin Askew from 'Venue' magazine during an interview with Lars Ulrich, and subsequently published in the magazine.
Daylight Records was an American record label and subsidiary of Sony Music Entertainment, operated through Epic Records.
The label focused on local and regional artists of various genres including Cajun music and Texas Czech polka/waltz music.
It affiliated itself with the Columbia Graphophone Company of the United Kingdom and adopted the standard UK Columbia trademarks in 1931.
UMP took over PolyGram Poland catalogue which included titles by such artists as Edyta Bartosiewicz, Renata Dąbkowska, Lidia Kopania, Kasia Kowalska and Sweet Noise among others.
Longines exited the record business in 1975.
Philipp Dammann left the label at the end of 2005.
DJ Xclusive is the label’s official DJ.
Selfmade Records is a German hip hop label, which was formed 2005 by Elvir Omerbegovic, better known under the pseudonym Slick One, and Philipp Dammann.
Motown's owner, Berry Gordy was unhappy with the success of Ric-Tic and in 1968 paid $1 million for the signature of many of the label's artists.
Copenhagen Records is a Danish record label formed on 5 January 2004 by former EMI Recorded Music Denmark staff members to give artists more artistic autonomy.
Knockout Entertainment is singer Ray J's vanity label, founded in 2001.
The company's name is derived from the initials of the label's former parent company, the Radio Corporation of America.
After rumors of him signing back to Mshasho Records in 2008, Sunny Boy decided to rename, relaunch and re-brand his label.
Hypnotize Minds is an American record label started by the Memphis rap group Three 6 Mafia.
Transparent Records is an independent record label established in 2008 by Sahil Varma and Jack Shankly.
Ginn repurposed the company as a record label to release material by his band Black Flag.
Modiba currently manages the careers of Vieux Farka Toure, Bombino, Sierra Leone's Refugee All Stars, The Toure-Raichel Collective and Aurelio.
Credential Recordings is a Nashville-based record label, focusing generally on the pop rock genre.
Curve Music is an independent record label based in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.
The first artists to join the label were Astrid Swan, Big Wave Riders, Black Twig, Cats On Fire and The New Tigers.
Brown had a national R&B hit the following year with "Good Rocking Tonight", a notable precursor of rock and roll.
These genres include reggae, soul, ska, dub, jazz, Brazilian music, and Latin music.
It operated out of a record shop of the same name at 162 Hoe Street, Walthamstow, London.
Nowadays Clay Records is an independent label and studio in Groningen, the Netherlands See.
The company now works with artists including The Magnetic Fields, Flare, AM, Gospel Music, Kris Gruen,  The Davenports,  and Dylan Trees.
Other notable acts that released recordings through the label include The Plot to Blow Up the Eiffel Tower and Racebannon.
It is home to Balkans folk, pop-folk, and turbo-folk artists.
Releases on the label prominently featured African and post-African percussion, as well as "ethnic" samples.
Thick Syrup Records is an independent record label from Little Rock, Arkansas.
However, in 2002, Gear-Fab Records released a remastered version of the album.
G-Unit Records is an American record label.
A great deal of the recordings were produced and recorded by author James Siers.
Sunset releases subsequently included budget-line reissues of United Artists product.
Toy's Factory, as of the first half of 2012, is the fourth-biggest Japanese record label.
Loma Records was a sublabel of Warner Bros. Records ran by Bob Krasnow.
The label started in business in 1974, went defunct in 1985 and was relaunched in 1992.
After Boyd's departure from Hannibal the label lay dormant.
Remix artists include renowned Electro producer Sir Real, Techno legend David Tarrida, Ambient artists Porya Hatami and Cousin Silas
Ultimately, Keef signed a major record deal with Interscope Records and later signed with 1017 Brick Squad.
The name of the label originated from the movie Bad Taste by Peter Jackson.
Atari Teenage Riot toured in support of bands such as Jon Spencer Blues Explosion, Beck, Rage Against the Machine and Wu-Tang Clan.
Moreover, the company is also involved in event planning and publishing activities.
Neurot Recordings is an American independent record label founded by members of Neurosis and Tribes of Neurot.
The group created the label primarily for self-releases but also signed several other groups and artists.
In 2012 the label was moved to Nashville, Tennessee and continued operations under the name 128 Records.
It began as a production of performance opportunities for the artists at the Rising Jazz Stars Studio located in Beverly Hills.
The domestic roster features some 100 artists.
Ora Recordings is a Canadian independent record label founded in 2007 and operated by DJ and electronic music producer Gabriel Batz.
River Jones Music is an independent record label founded in Los Angeles, CA in 2007 by River Jones.
Ranwood's releases were mostly albums and 45 rpm singles.
Important Records is an American independent record label based in Groveland, Massachusetts.
Napalm has its own publishing house named Iron Avantgarde Publishing.
Carnival was founded in 1999 by Travis Hill and Frank Liddell.
Grabaciones Accidentales, SA is a Spanish independent record label founded in 1981 by Paco Trinidad with members of the bands Esclarecidos and Décima Víctima.
Founded in October 1941 by Bill Quinn under the name Quinn Recording, it is the oldest continuously operating studio in the southeastern United States.
Genjing Records is a vinyl-only independent record label in Beijing, China focused on contributing recordings of Chinese musicians into global scene and vinyl record culture.
Among its most popular acts were the Real Roxanne, Chubb Rock, AMG, The Jerky Boys, Kid 'n Play, UTFO, Whistle, and Gary Private.
For example, the sleeve notes on African Head Charge’s Environmental Studies LP, released in 1982, claimed it was ‘another 1992 On-U production’.
After a restructuring, CEMA was renamed EMI Music Distribution.
The record included tracks from some of NYC's most popular hardcore bands of the day, including Sheer Terror, Killing Time, and others.
The recordings done under the HeartBeat's Label during Dana's time with them are published under both labels at this time.
Majority of their music releases come from Bosnian musicians.
Morley resigned as a director of the company in 2005, and the site closed in 2008.
While renowned for its output of African-American music, the label was founded by two white siblings and business partners, Jim Stewart and his sister Estelle Axton.
Saddle Creek Records continues to be the flagship label of a style of music called "The Omaha Sound", characterized by a slight country twang.
Neptune featured releases by artists such as Jeanette "Baby" Washington, The O'Jays, The Three Degrees and Billy Paul, all who later appeared on Philadelphia International.
Tank reservoirs for water are also called cisterns.
Blow Up also released the debut Add N to X album 'Vero Electronics'.
In 2010, it was confirmed on Jones's web site that Qwest was reactivated and now distributed by Interscope Records.
The label is distributed by Republic Records, which used to be Universal Republic.
Date Records was a sub-label of Columbia Records which had two different incarnations.
StraightOn Recordings is a Dutch record label that was founded by Pila, DJ Luna and The Scientist in 2000.
The label's website features artwork by Abby Portner).
Black Grape Global is a London-based artist and entertainment management company.
Brain also reissued a number of recordings licensed to their parent company Metronome, such as Amon Düül's first album Psychedelic Underground.
States' remaining output was acquired in 1975 by Bob Koester of Delmark Records, and has been included in comprehensive reissue programs.
Lengua Armada Discos is an American punk and hardcore independent record label run by Limp Wrist/Los Crudos frontman, Martin Sorrondeguy.
In the 1970s, Odyssey became well known for issuing albums of avant-garde classical music, including electronic works.
For the song by Hard-Fi, see Hard to Beat.
The Work Group was an American record label.
However, Sanctuary was on the verge of bankruptcy, and sold their assets to Universal Music.
Confidential, Fight Club and Malcolm In The Middle.
Its deal with Warner Bros. ended, and it began having its records released through Epic Records.
Among its releases include those by Antidote, Autio and Atomic Clock.
Today, Mareco, Inc. is managed by Luis P. Villar from offices in Tirad Pass, Quezon City, Philippines.
Notable examples of this include the 2006 iconic Sony Bravia "Balls" and in 2011, Twinings "Sea".
Alternative Records was an independent record label based in Eugene, Oregon, United States.
Kranky is an American independent record label located in Chicago, Illinois.
Simpson also serves as division coordinator for media music within the School of Music and as associate director of the BYU Young Ambassadors.
Busted Flat Records is Canadian independent record label, founded in 2002.
The company also has partnerships with global management companies Three Six Zero Urban Media Global Network Collective and Philymack., Rj Entertainment World Wide based in Austin,Texas.
The label features bands and musicians such as Steve Kilbey, Snog, David Lane and Halogen.
Country Turtle Records was an independent American record label set up in the 1970s in New York City by Don Kent.
They are signed to Chicago's Thrill Jockey Records.
Refuge Records was a Christian record label founded in 1980 by Greg Nelson, Jack Hafer and Ray Nenow.
The Paper Garden was an American psychedelic rock band formed in New York City, New York in 1967.
RCRD LBL was a website for free, curated, and legal MP3 downloads from emergent artists.
Former Ric-Tic and Motown group The Fantastic Four also found moderate success during the disco era under the label.
From the get go Havoc records has been about supporting and exposing aggressive, anti-authority, anti-society hardcore punk bands."
The first artist signed by EC Music is Sam Hui.
Additionally, the label has released five albums that reached number one on the US Billboard 200 chart, namely King, T.I.
The label continued to release material by The Misfits, and later solo efforts by Glenn Danzig and his post-Misfits band Samhain.
The label has been largely inactive since Zomba was purchased and restructured under BMG in 2003, save for a few reissues of older material.
Channel Classics Records released music from musicians like Iván Fischer and the Budapest Festival Orchestra, Dejan Lazić, Lavinia Meijer, Rachel Podger and Candida Thompson.
Tennman Records is an American record label created as a joint venture between Justin Timberlake and Interscope Records.
Adjunct Audio is an electronic music record label based in Los Angeles, California.
Baratos Afins is a long-established Brazilian record label and store, based in São Paulo city.
It is a subsidiary of the Japanese franchise of Tower Records.
Sleaszy Rider Records is an independent record label which was founded in 1999 by Tolis G. Palantzas.
In the spring of 2009 it was announced that they plan to run Capstone as a free standing imprint of Parma.
Chinga Chang Records is a Philadelphia-based independent hip hop label.
Fire Escape in the Sky had the catalogue number Zoo Two, while To the Shores of Lake Placid had Zoo Four.
D-Noy releases all of his music on this label.
They have published ambient music from the likes of Brian Eno and Biosphere.
Avex Group, Japan's biggest independent record label, is its official parent company.
Stax Records is an American record label, originally based in Memphis, Tennessee.
Love Is My Velocity is a Perth, Australia-based independent record label.
It is most likely not, as the official website is no longer online.
The first issues appeared in 1921, at select Woolworth's locations, but in 1923 the product became available at all Woolworth's stores.
We will be continuing on the path it has already started to create.”.
They were originally known as a psychedelic folk label that makes semi-annual tribute records for worldwide charities, having eventually switched to dance music and progressive underground.
In October 2014, MDM Recordings announced the first cross-Canada tour composed entirely of MDM Recordings artists.
The first Dunhill single was "My Prayer/Pretty Please" by Shelley Fabares, who was married to Adler at the time.
Pinhead Records is a booking agency for Argentine artists who signed to the label.
In 2006, Punk Core Records released the compilation DVD, Pure Punk Rock.
Hoffman was also proprietor of Record Peddler Distribution and The Record Peddler from the late 1970s to the year 2000.
King Record Co., Ltd. is a Japanese record company, founded in 1931 as a division of Japanese publisher Kodansha.
Between 1892 and 1894, Gabriel Fauré arranged nine of these poems as a song cycle under the same name.
In addition, Bennett began to release albums by other controversial or extreme groups, including Sutcliffe Jugend, Maurizio Bianchi, Nurse With Wound and even Charles Manson.
Finally, after trying so hard to keep it afloat, Portrait dissolved in 2002 after the US release of Iron Maiden's Rock in Rio album.
Up Records was a Seattle based independent record label founded in 1994 by Chris Takino and Rich Jensen.
The Paris Sisters recorded five singles for the label, two of them produced by Spector.
Originally formed to distribute his own albums, the label has also released albums by Cuff the Duke, Basia Bulat and Lou Canon.
The pint-sized singer, with a magnificent voice, snagged the title of Grand Champion in the junior singer division.
At the 2006 AIR Chart Awards Gotye's album Like Drawing Blood won 'Most Outstanding Independent Artist' and in 2007 Mixed Blood was nominated 'Best Independent Artist'.
The label mainly publishes music that pertains to the electronic dance music genre as well as other alternative themed music.
It is unknown whether C&S recorded their own sides or if they leased recording studio use from some other company, probably in New York City.
20th Century Fox Records, also known as 20th Fox Records and 20th Century Records, was a wholly owned subsidiary of film studio 20th Century Fox.
Brain was rapidly a success throughout West Germany and much of western Europe, although had little presence in the US.
Happy Tiger Records was an independent American record label that was owned by the Flying Tiger Line air freight company.
The label went bankrupt in 1997 after the death of Waldner in 1995.
A final procurement tally of 187 operational production aircraft was established in 2009, and the last F-22 was delivered to the USAF in 2012.
Epitaph Records is a Hollywood-based independent record label owned by Bad Religion guitarist Brett Gurewitz.
As of December 2015, the label had won the "Best Global Record Label" award for five years in a row at the International Dance Music Awards.
Wilson is also a disc jockey, music arranger and rapper, having released an album in 1997, titled Accept Your Own and Be Yourself, under Relativity Records.
Besides album and singles releases, the company is into publishing through Globi Verlag.
Asylum Records is an American record label founded in 1971 by David Geffen and partner Elliot Roberts.
Fort Knocks Entertainment is an American East Coast hip hop and R&B record label founded in 2004 by record producer, Just Blaze.
Hux has gained a reputation as an excellent independent record label, offering an eclectic selection of classic archive recordings.
Incorporated Elements works out of the Nashville, Tennessee, based studio named the Inc.Spot.
Yaziza Entertainment is a Namibian record label founded by Namibian rapper Sunny Boy in 2006.
Quote Unquote Records is a donation-based online independent record label, founded and run by Bomb the Music Industry!
In 1977, he acquired Hi Records which became a division of Cream.
In 2010 Joyful Noise began focusing largely on limited edition specialty releases which are generally released on analog formats packaged with music downloads.
It was founded when Seagram acquired PolyGram and merged the company's record labels under the same umbrella, replacing the PolyGram TV label.
This was followed by Zonal's The Quatermass Project Volume 1, released in the same year.
He retired in 2007 and was replaced by Jeff Jones.
Lumiere Records is distributed through Naxos of America, a division of Naxos Records.
Westbound also had a sister label called Eastbound Records.
Forward Music Group is a Canadian management company and independent record label based in Halifax, Nova Scotia and distributed nationally by FAB.
The company is owned by Kemar McGregor.
The label was founded by Marco Haas and Marcus Stotz in 1998, and is now run by Haas and Apparat.
Within a few years, these records were introduced to the U.S. as Tale Spinners for Children under the United Artists Records label.
Origin Records is a jazz and classical music record label founded by drummer John Bishop in 1997.
The label primarily showcases the dark electronic music, a genre that was prominent in Hibou’s background.
Some of their releases include: Włochaty, Oi Polloi, Odszukać listopad, Už Jsme Doma, Apatia, Chumbawumba, Crass.
In its early releases, the Il Discotto label had a strong electro sound.
Matador Records is an independent record label, with a roster of mainly indie rock, but also punk rock, experimental rock, alternative rock, electronic and other artists.
Each were slowly laid off except Jim Chambers who "kept the lights on" to handle any logistical issues.
Draper, Inc was a record label founded by Suave House Records CEO Tony Draper in 2002.
Several releases have reached #1 on the Beatport dubstep and glitch hop charts.
Drive-Thru Records, established in 1996, was a California-based record label owned by siblings Richard and Stefanie Reines.
The label lasted for about 13 years, officially shutting down in 2002.
The label was founded in Mount Rainier, Maryland in 1959 by Dick Freeland, Bill Carroll and Sonny Compton.
Tuff City Records is a New York-based record label founded by journalist Aaron Fuchs in 1981.
Between 2000 and 2006, they booked such Sydney clubs and venues as the Spanish, Mandarin, Taxi and Teachers Clubs.
OK Go reissued their album, Of the Blue Colour of the Sky, with Paracadute taking care of the promotion and distribution of the album reissues.
The label first started reissuing early post-war blues recordings by artists such as Little Walter, Jimmy Rogers, Johnny Young, Sleepy John Estes.
This latter tune gave a massive boost to house music, extending recognition of the genre outside of Chicago.
Ardent of the 1960s and 1970s featured pop music acts and was distributed by Stax Records from 1972 until 1975.
Its issues included race records and jazz.
Stray Records was an American record label based in Oakland, California.
Poison City Records is an independent record label based in Melbourne, Victoria, founded in 2003.
It began as a YouTube channel aimed to support to the new wave of electronic trap music emerging from North America.
Within the company's first four months, it released its first gold single, Daddy Don't You Walk So Fast by Wayne Newton.
The company announced in 2013 that they would start producing and distributing films under the name RBC Films.
3C stands for Continental Communications Corporation and the master recordings that 3C produced are owned by the Capitol Records unit of Universal Music Group.
It was founded in 2006 by Santiago Garcia and Yasin.
The label releases psychedelic and psychedelic folk.
Centaur recordings are on all major download and streaming sites, as well as on the classical specialty download and stream sites.
In August 2011, Sony Nashville announced a major corporate restructuring which included the merger of Columbia Nashville into BNA.
Jackson Records is a film and music publishing label based in India.
Duke Street Records was a Canadian independent record label.
Hear Music began as a catalog company in Cambridge, Massachusetts, in 1990 before being purchased by Starbucks in 1999.
They put free digital releases and produced limited physical copies.
Its artists included Jackie Morningstar, Billy Clark, and the Smith Brothers.
The label is currently distributed by Atlantic Records.
Until June 2007, it was the largest independent record label in the UK and the largest independent music management company in the world.
Eleven Thirty Records is an indie label based in Chapel Hill, North Carolina and owned by RedEye Distribution.
is an American record label founded by Marilyn Manson in 2010.
It is best known for releasing Davis' new age solo and Mannheim Steamroller albums.
Filthy Note was founded by Bam Margera in 2006.
Merovingian Music recently signed Belgian rock band Black Box Revelation, their album My Perception is due out 3 october 2011.
Steve Cobby and Dave 'Porky' Brennand record as The Cutler.
Regain Records was a Swedish-based independent record label.
They started a studio in Bologna in 1978.
The independent record label was named Takeover Roc Nation.
Black Swan Records was an American jazz and blues record label founded in 1921 in Harlem, New York.
VP Records handled distribution for albums Gangsta Blues and Rebelution.
It is now part of Universal Records.
The label would continue to stay operational, maintaining its back catalogue to pay off its "rather sizeable debts."
Afterwards, Motown Records handled distribution from 1975 until the label shut down in 1977.
Z-Man Records is an Australian record label founded in 2009 by Lou Risdale, former event manager of the Meredith Music Festival and Golden Plains Festival.
The company was based in Huntington, New York and New York City and a post office box in Roslyn Heights, New York  from 1972–1976.
Deathvomit Records was a sub-label of Necropolis Records and ceased existence with its parent label in 2003.
Craig Morgan produced the first number-one single for the label with his 2005 hit "That's What I Love About Sunday".
MonarC Entertainment was an American record label formed by Mariah Carey, under Island Records.
Burning Heart Records is an independent record label formed in 1993 and based in Örebro, Sweden.
After the events of Hurricane Katrina they moved their office to Schwenksville, PA until returning to New Orleans in 2008.
The label's most prominent artists include David Reilly of God Lives Underwater,Trigger Point, Switched, Allele, Ghost Machine and Amity Lane.
It was founded in 1992 by Tetsuo Hara, who had worked as a producer for RCA Victor.
The label received in 2001, 2005 and 2012 the APCA prize with the releases of Samba Rock, Samba Power and Badi Assad respectively.
Jim Henson Records was a short-lived music label made by The Jim Henson Company and BMG Kidz.
Strange Fruit was sufficiently successful that it spawned subsidiary labels including Nighttracks, Raw Fruit Records, and Band of Joy.
Fields worked as an executive for Prestige Records in the 1960s.
Inpop Records is an independent contemporary Christian music record label based in Nashville, Tennessee, U.S.
The label's artists are generally considered to fall under the genres of punk rock, pop punk, post-hardcore, and alternative rock.
The label went on to sign other artists including Wande Coal, Dr SID, D'Prince and K-Switch.
KIX-26: Roy Brown: I Feel that Young Man's Rhythm
After the release of more than 40 albums and 12-inches, Celestial Recordings ceased operations in 2002.
Two more albums by Burzum were released, and then the company started signing other bands, including Fleurety, In the Woods... and Ved Buens Ende.
Over the next year, Perspective continued to release recordings by the current artists for the sake of fulfilling contractual obligations with them.
Aviv Productions, Inc. is a North American arts and entertainment agency, founded in 1994 and headed by Itzik Becher, President.
