Ribston Preceptory was a priory in North Yorkshire, England.
The first Vukovar synagogue was built in 1845 by architect Fran Funtak.
The congregation is led by Rabbi Robert B. Barr.
Its construction was begun in the 11th century in the Romanesque architectural style, and continued in the 13th century in the Gothic style.
The village of Gezköy is about 9 km west of the centre of the city of Erzurum.
The house is located in Rizal Street along with other opulent houses owned by the illustrados of old Sariaya.
Many thousands of visitors come each year to enjoy the scenic beauty and serenity of this spiritual sanctuary.
The cathedral was built by the Society of Jesus at the end of the 19th century.
It is located in the western part of the Ancient City of Aleppo, within the historic walls of the city, near the Gate of Antioch.
It was established in 1017 by monks from Ramsey Abbey.
It operates under the Korean Catholic Association.
The church was adjacent to the convent of Nuestra Señora de la Merced Descalza.
The Mosque and Khanqah of Shaykhu is an Islamic complex in Cairo built by the Grand Emir Sayf al-Din Shaykhu al-Nasiri.
Ptghnavank or Ptghni Church is located in the village of Ptghni in the Kotayk Province of Armenia.
Praskvica Monastery is a Serbian Orthodox monastery in Čelobrdo, a village in the Budva municipality in modern-day Montenegro.
Wajihuddin's Tomb or Hazrat Wajihuddin Dargah, is a tomb of Sufi Wajihuddin Alvi in Khanpur area of Ahmedabad, India.
I am only afraid that he is too familiar and easy with them.
Pasir Pelangi Royal Mosque is a Johor's royal mosque located in Pasir Pelangi, Johor Bahru District, Johor, Malaysia.
The Yavuz-Sultan-Selim mosque is a religious building in Mannheim, Germany, named for Selim I.
The Muhafiz Khan Mosque is a fifteenth-century mosque located in the city of Ahmedabad in the Indian state of Gujarat.
It was the first Orthodox congregation in Canada east of Montreal, and still provides the only daily minyan in Canada east of Montreal.
There are oval shaped defensive towers at the south-east and north-east corners of the wall.
The congregation added an extension to the building in 1952 which included meeting and school rooms, and an additional sanctuary.
Previously it had been recognized as a contributing property to the Lafayette Park Historic District, listed on the Register in 1970.
To the right side of the nave, the church has chapels commissioned from the 14th century onwards by the main families of the city.
St. Peter Catholic Church was a Roman Catholic parish church in the Roman Catholic Diocese of Cleveland.
After the completion of the mosque, the original minarets were thought to be too thick, and later shaved.
In the courtyard stands an old draw well, which is believed to be sanctified by John of Kronstadt.
The Basilica of Our Lady of Lanka is a Roman Catholic church with basilica status located in Tewatte, Sri Lanka.
It was torched during riots on March 17, 2004.
The Church of the Nativity of the Blessed Virgin Mary is a Roman Catholic church in Singapore.
Much of its architecture is reminiscent of two famous London churches namely St Paul's, Covent Garden and St Martin-in-the-Fields.
İlyas Bey Mosque is a historical Islamic religious building at Milet in Didim district of Aydın Province, western Turkey.
At the time around 500 Jews lived in Bjelovar.
The tomb is the purported site of a miracle recorded in the Gospel of John in which Jesus raised Lazarus from the dead.
Carlisle Dominican Friary was a friary in Cumbria, England.
The church has a single nave with flat apse.
The Wilson Road Synagogue was the largest synagogue in Sheffield in England for much of the twentieth-century.
San Lorenzo Maggiore is a church in Naples, Italy.
It is the largest mosque in India and one of the largest mosques in Asia.
Its decorations have been restored to their original restrained design.
The St. Mary’s Church, Negombo is landmark edifice, a Roman Catholic church in the heart of the Negombo town.
The Church of Saint Elian is a church in Homs, Syria, located along Tarafa bin al-Abd Street near the Gate of Palmyra.
Beth Israel was founded in 1860 as an Orthodox congregation.
It is assumed it was built in the 15th century, and it was destroyed at the end of 17th century.
It is a wood frame Federal style building from the 1820s, the third church on the site.
It was built by funds from the local Muslim community, particularly by Ahmadis.
During the October Revolution in 1917 the church tower was used as a machine gun post by the Bolsheviks.
The main part of the mosque, especially its dome, has been destroyed and its wall has been damaged.
It consists of a small temple to Tepoztecatl, the Aztec god of the alcoholic beverage pulque.
For a few years church-goers in the little wilderness settlement on the Schoharie Creek met in a convenient house or barn.
Ulaskova tsässon is a small Seto chapel, situated in Ulaskova village, Meremäe rural municipality in Võru County in Estonia.
The church is adjacent to the Avlabari Square.
Edmund Peckham, a cofferer in the King's Household, purchased the buildings and land and sold them on to Thomas Wriothesley, 1st Earl of Southampton in 1547.
It is located very near the Zeniarai Benzaiten Ugafuku Shrine.
Hogshaw Nunnery was a nunnery in Hogshaw, Buckinghamshire, England.
Around the same time, the frescoes created in the 18th century were also restored.
It was built when attacks from the sea were common.
The church is dedicated to the Blessed Virgin Mary.
It occupies a historic Romanesque Revival synagogue building built in 1853 by Congregation Rodeph Sholom.
Temple Israel is a synagogue located in Kinston, North Carolina.
Samsonavank Monastery is a 12th-13th century monastery easiest reached via Yenokavan in the Tavush Province of northern Armenia.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1999.
Santa Cruz originally housed the Cruz de la Victoria, an oak cross supposedly carried by Pelagius, Favila's father, at the Battle of Covadonga.
The ruins of the synagogue were turned into a goat and donkey pen.
Mar Assia al-Hakim Church is a Syriac Catholic Church in Al-Jdayde quarter of Aleppo, Syria.
The statue is supported from the back unlike the Gommateshwara statue of Lord Bahubali at Shravanabelagola, Karnataka.
The monastery is built in part at the top of the cliff, in part halfway down.
In 1982 it was listed on the NRHP.
Before 1787, the cathedral shared its importance with Church of Santa Maria la Rodona.
It was famous for its leaning minaret, which gave the city its nickname "the hunchback".
The mosque was officially opened in July 1995 by Almarhum Sultan Mahmud Al-Muktafi Billah Shah, the late Sultan of Terengganu.
In 1979, the Urnes Stave Church was listed as a World Heritage Site by UNESCO.
The Yuehu Mosque is a mosque in Haishu District, Ningbo City, Zhejiang Province, China.
It was founded in the late 12th century by a local landowner and was only modestly endowed.
The mosque incorporates a mixture of foreign and local influences.
The Luhansk Cathedral Mosque is located in Luhansk, Ukraine.
It is the largest Orthodox synagogue in the Western United States.
The priory was condemned in 1536 and replaced by Christchurch Park.
And they worshipped on the holy day and honored him greatly.
It is the second-holiest site in Islam, after Masjid al-Haram in Makkah.
The mosque has some distinct features that separate it from the rest of the mosques in the Kashmir Valley.
Not to be confused with Holy Trinity Seminary in Dallas, Texas or Holy Trinity College and Seminary in New Port Richey, Florida.
In 1539 the east end of the church was destroyed along with most of the monastic buildings, but the main body of the church was preserved.
Noor ud Din Mosque in Darmstadt, Germany is run by the Ahmadiyya Muslim Community.
Palaiya Jumma Palli or Meen Kadai Palli is a mosque in Kilakarai, Tamil Nadu, India.
The mosque is famous for its decorated façade and its entrance which is topped with traditional oriental motifs and Islamic muqarnas.
It has an area of 30,000 m2 and can accommodate more than 12,000 people.
It also runs an Islamic cemetery and the Madrasat Al Ihsan/School of Excellence on West Onondaga Street.
In the church's early years, masters and slaves held equal standing as congregants.
Saudi Arabia provided $100m for the construction.
The entire complex was declared a Protected Monument of Culture in 1959, and it is de jure protected by Republic of Serbia.
It is believed that a church has occupied this site for at least 500 years.
The church and its cemetery were added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
The walls of the church contain the earliest known inscriptions in Nuskhuri or Nuskha-Khutsuri, one of the versions of the early Georgian alphabet, dating from 835.
The Saxons gave the name Monkton to Exeter as a consequence of the large number of monks that it contained.
Santa Maria degli Angeli a Pizzofalcone is a Baroque-style church in Naples, Italy.
Elaborate decorations of geometric and foliage patterns may be seen all around the windows, portal, dome, and other parts of the façade.
The temple contains China's second oldest dated timber building, the Main Hall.
The Church of Saint Athanasius on Via Tiburtina is a Roman Catholic titular church in Rome, built as a parish church.
The tower was built in 1612 by Lucas Hernández.
Recently the mosque was renovated; the old prayer niche facing Jerusalem was removed, and the one facing Mecca was left.
The diocese of San Fernando La Union is part of the territory of the Archdiocese of Nueva Segovia.
The façade by Annibale Bichi, also the benefactor, recalls works by Baldassarre Peruzzi.
Cholsey Abbey was an Anglo-Saxon nunnery in Cholsey in the English county of Berkshire, which was founded in 986.
See also St Paul's Church and Centre, Norton Lees, Sheffield and Sheffield Cathedral, which is dedicated to St Peter and St Paul.
When the priory was closed c. 1536 at the dissolution under Henry VIII it housed the prior and eight religious brethren.
The church is cruciform and built in the neo-Roman style.
It can accommodate 18,000 worshippers, compared to 60,000 for St. Peter's.
During his tenure the Kol Ami community grew exponentially, truly becoming a presence in York Region.
The Chapel is linked to Channing Hall, which faces on to Surrey Street.
Located at the site of an ancient oratory dedicated to the martyrs St. Cosma and Damian.
Since the summer of 1990, it has been used as a hostel for the poor.
The cathedral was restored twice, but it stands without a dome.
It is the oldest church in the township.
Wothorpe Priory was a monastic house in Northamptonshire, England but adjacent to Stamford, Lincolnshire.
The parish was established on 30 January 1919.
Archaeologists have come to believe that the church is located on the site where the first students of the Glagolitic alphabet were taught.
The church is part of the World Heritage Site Classical Weimar.
The city of São Paulo has its beginnings in a mission established by Jesuits Manuel da Nóbrega, José de Anchieta and others in the Brazilian hinterland.
Formally incorporated with the state of South Carolina in September 1912, Beth Israel grew out of the Florence Hebrew Benevolent Association which was founded in 1887.
It is the smallest Byzantine church of Constantinople still extant and has never been studied.
It was founded on September 15, 1979.
The remains of Bishop Juan Bautista Gorordo, the first Filipino and Cebuano bishop of Cebu, are also interred there.
Cookhill Priory was a Cistercian nunnery in Worcestershire, England.
The Saeb mausoleum(Persian: آرامگاه صائب‎‎) is located in Isfahan, Iran.
It is still the designated Church of the city council of Rome, which uses the ancient title of Senatus Populusque Romanus.
The Reverend Smith Lain 1972 - 1980
The main layout was designed by Juan de Herrera in a Renaissance-style.
The building is at the end of the Street Called Straight near the Bab Sharqi.
Nevertheless, the abbey, a relatively small one, was also commensurately poor.
Archaeologists believe that the church was constructed some time before the rise of the Ottoman Empire very likely in the 13th century.
The Chapel of the Holy Spirit is a church in Rhode Island, United States.
The church currently belongs to the Seventh-day Adventist Church.
Kilpeck Priory was a priory in Kilpeck, Herefordshire, England at grid reference SO448303.
The lot on Keizerstraat 82 was acquired in 1716 by Sephardi Jews.
The remains of all are construcled from Old Red Sandstone and Carboniferous Limestone, both from local sources.
Common worship practices at Nagore dargah include the presentation of offerings, accompanied by the playing of musical instruments like nadaswaram, atypical of Hindu religious tradition.
Each hall has a separate corridor, which leads to backyard.
Grand Synagogue of Edirne, aka Edirne Synagogue is a historic Sephardi synagogue located in Maarif Street of Edirne, Turkey.
The synagogue was built as a private synagogue by pre-revolutionary millionaire Lazar Solomonovich Polyakov.
The alterations by John Frith were completed in 1848, while the interior has several later additions, including several stained glass windows.
Iltumish was the third Sultan of the Slave Dynasty who ruled in Delhi from 1210 to 1236 AD.
According to Philippines 2000 Census, the parish jurisdiction has a resident population of 43,074 people.
There are two differing accounts regarding its history.
It is often cited as being the smallest church in Rome.
It was built in 1885–1887 on Reitbahnstraße, now Bogusławski Street.
In addition, a separate auxiliary hall was built adjacent to the existing Tahir Hall, for the exclusive use of Lajna Imaillah.
The mausoleum is the burial place of Saeb Tabrizi, the famous iranian poet of 17th century.
The Peter's Creek congregation grew and later split into an Eastern Division and the Western Division.
Ruins of the 9th century village of Tegher sit a short distance walk from the monastery.
They made possible some of its later enhancements, such as its landscaping and rectory, both added later.
St. Paul’s is one of the oldest churches in Troy; the first Episcopal services were held in 1795.
The cathedral was erected in the early 12th century in a Romanesque style, with Gothic, Baroque and Neoclassicist elements.
A consecration service took place on 14 January 1968 attended by 500 people.
Several Czech artists contributed to the decoration of the church.
The shabestan of this mosque is one of the biggest shabestans in Isfahan.
Since its earliest days, it has had mixed-gender seating.
It was about 60 years after the start of construction, on November 17, 1743, that the church was consecrated.
The congregation was fewer than 80 people as of January 2015.
Kol Zimrah is an independent minyan or chavurah founded in 2002, based in New York City and meeting primarily on Manhattan's Upper West Side.
Formerly the episcopal seat of the Diocese of Reggio Emilia, it has been since 1986 that of the Diocese of Reggio Emilia-Guastalla.
The synagogue was built in the Moorish-Byzantine style.
The Cathedral of Évora is a Roman Catholic church in the city of Évora, Portugal.
Its motto is "meaningful prayer through music".
The Bobov Synagogue in Kraków, Poland, was established in 1871 by followers of Rabbi Shlomo Halberstam of Bobov.
Turin Cathedral is a Roman Catholic cathedral in Turin, northern Italy.
The ruins were said in 1925 to have been removed not long ago.
It is one of the oldest Georgian churches in the Tao-Klarjeti region.
St. Elizabeth's Church of the Catholic Third Order of Saint Francis is a Gothic church in Wrocław, Poland.
In 1968, the education building of the new complex was bombed by members of the Ku Klux Klan.
The bell tower has a ring of ten bells in D, rung with the Veronese bellringing art.
Temple Emanuel Sinai's first rabbi, Matthew Berger, also served as the last rabbi of Temple Emanuel, who hired him in 2009.
The mosque is depicted on the reverse of the Iranian 20,000 rials banknote.
Currently it is not functioning as a church.
The synagogue's current president is Rabbi Dr. David M. Fuld.
The Cardinal Priest of the Titulus XII Apostolorum is Angelo Scola.
First Presbyterian Church is a historic Presbyterian church located in the Fisher Park Historic District of Greensboro, North Carolina.
The work has been described as being second in local popularity only to Venice's "Ballerina Clown" sculpture.
In 1772 a new main portal substituted the old Romanesque original and the tower cupolas were altered.
The buildings were granted to Lord Russell 1541/2.
The German Evangelical Lutheran Church of Charleston, South Carolina, was incorporated on December 3, 1840.
Built in the 18th century, the church was destroyed in the bombing of Dresden during World War II.
The church was never the seat of a diocesan bishop and thus was not a cathedral in the strict sense.
The synagogue building was the second oldest in the United States still occupied by its original congregation.
The organization, 'Muslims in Britain' classify the Chesham Mosque as, Sufi - Bareilvi.
The Yeni Mosque is a historical Ottoman mosque in Mytilini on the island Lesbos of Greece.
While visiting Sarnath in 640 CE, Xuanzang recorded that the colony had over 1,500 priests and the main stupa was nearly 300 feet high.
This is the oldest synagogue in Punta del Este.
Santa Felicita is a Roman Catholic church in Florence, region of Tuscany, Italy, probably the oldest in the city after San Lorenzo.
During Soviet rule the church and parsonage were used as a hostel for girls and to house diplomats from Finland and Estonia.
It was probably a chapel of ease for the hamlet of Lyng Eastaugh, in which it lies.
The Friday Khutbah is given in Arabic and Albanian language.
The building is located in the Acqua Acetosa area, at the foot of the Monti Parioli, north of the city.
Christ Church is an Anglican church in the Pitsmoor district, north of Sheffield City Centre in England.
Its dome has a span of 58 by 82 feet and is reputed to be the largest, freestanding, elliptical dome in North America.
It is situated in the Jewish village of Hara Seghira, several kilometres southwest of Houmt Souk, the main town of Djerba.
The priory was the home of a group of Cistercian monks from Savigny Abbey in Normandy until they moved to Furness Abbey in 1127.
The sukkah is in a neighbouring building, designed so that its flat roof can be slid open.
It is one of the three largest and richest Buddhist temples in Macau and was originally called "Pou Chai Yes Un".
The Kevada is notable because of its mausoleum.
The mosque was severely damaged in an earthquake in 1780, leaving only the iwan.
Muchhal Mahavir temple is a Jain temple dedicated to Lord Mahavir, at Ghanerao, in Pali district in Rajasthan state in India.
Reformierte Kirche Rüti is an Evangelical Reformed church in the Swiss municipality of Rüti in the Canton of Zürich.
The large complex covered an entire city block, featured a cedar and glass pyramid and included several buildings and the associated Northwest Bible College.
One depicts a menorah, shofar and lulav and the second depicts a Torah shrine.
Church of Saints Cyril and Methodius is a Roman Catholic church in the Karlín district of Prague, Czech Republic.
The Sanctuary of the Vergine dei Martiri is a religious edifice in Fonni, Sardinia, Italy.
The primary structure belonged possibly to the seljuq era, but it was destroyed by the Mongols during their invasions.
The church has a cruciform plan with a high nave.
Built in 1762, it is a Listed Grade II* building and the oldest extant synagogue built by Ashkenazi Jews in the English speaking world.
During the reign of Elizabeth I, parts of the Friary had been used as the county House of Correction.
The Tun Abdul Aziz Mosque or Masjid Tun Abdul Aziz or also known as Masjid Bulat is a mosque in Petaling Jaya, Selangor, Malaysia.
An indirect, hypersensitive play of light on a set of highly susceptible layered lattices and planes is patently the aesthetic modus operandi in these churches.
It is considered a symbol of the cooperation that existed among the three cultures that populated the Iberian Peninsula during the Middle Ages.
The temple is dedicated to Our Lady of the Sacred Heart.
Her brother-in-law, Jalaleddin, helps her with it.
It is located at Kapellgränd 10, adjacent to the small park Björns trädgård, in the Södermalm district of Stockholm.
St. Paul's Episcopal Church is an historic Episcopal church and the oldest surviving religious structure in Put-in-Bay, Ohio.
St. Anne's Church is located in Vienna, Austria, and has been administered by the Oblates of St. Francis de Sales since 1906.
The parishioners, traditionally renowned for their craftsmanship and their building abilities in Maltese Limestone, expressed their wish to construct a bigger church.
The synagogue was founded in 1961 and its current location opened in 1975, with an expansion in 1982.
It was elevated to a cathedral in December 1962 and consecrated in 1963.
It is a member of the Orthodox Union.
It was established around 1272 and was dissolved in 1539.
The Church of Our Lady of Perpetual Help and St. Alphonsus, popularly known as Iglesia de Tapes is a Roman Catholic parish church in Montevideo, Uruguay.
Under the church are older sepulchral chambers, the burial chapel of which today serves parishes of the Estonian-Finnish Orthodox Church and the Russian Orthodox Church.
In addition, it also stated that Ralph of Pomeroy was the Tenant-in-chief of the Lordship at the time of Roger Blunt.
It is a significant religious center for the local Armenian community.
St. James' Church is one of the five principal churches of Hamburg.
Loughwood Meeting House is a historic Baptist chapel, 1 mile south of the village of Dalwood, Devon in England.
Temple Kol Ami is a Reform Jewish synagogue located in Fort Mill, South Carolina.
Thousands flock to hear the special Holy Mass celebrated every Friday at the Shrine.
The main church appears to have been built in the reign of George IV early in the 13th century.
The modern name of Akhtala was first recorded in a royal decree of 1438.
In 1808 the current building of mosque was built through the reconstruction of this first mosque.
Ratac was included into the list of Serbian demands probably based on the pressure of the people from Bar on Serbian negotiators.
It is now used by the Manchester Miracle Centre.
It is currently a craft centre and was designated a Grade II* listed building on 26 April 1974.
It has 160 authentic columns brought originally from the ruins of the old city of Carthage.
The church closed in 1984, and the building was subsequently used as a joinery workshop.
Cells were in the nave, and this led to a replacement of the windows, and covering of the frescoes.
A major reconstruction of the church took place in the 14th century.
During the following two years, the mosque site was subjected to vandalism and arson.
The priory church was dedicated to St John the Baptist and Sir Richard Talbot was buried there on his death.
The new Emmaus Center was designed for contemporary worship and other social events; and more classroom and office space was also added, considerably enhancing the facilities.
No longer retained for regular worship, services are nevertheless held twice annually, on St George's Day and Christmas Day.
The bell-tower, also designed by Vasari, was completed by 1572 by Giovanni Fancelli.
The Synagogue in Oni is a synagogue at 53 Vakhtang VI Street in Oni in the republic of Georgia.
It was built during 1491–98 and is adjacent to an earlier campanile built in 1470.
It is the fifth mosque built in Hong Kong.
The dome contains the image of the Christ Pantocrator, and the hemi-dome of the apse contains the Virgin.
The painter of the artworks is Abbas Shahzadeh.
This explains several Georgian inscriptions found on the walls of the monastery, which exist alongside the monastery's original Armenian inscriptions.
The façade and tower of the present church is Modern.
It is the city's oldest extant church: it has been built over the disappeared Anastasi Romano-Byzantine Cathedral.
It was of a modest size and run down by 1388 and by 1394 was transferred to the Carthusians at Coventry.
The surrounding Neumarkt square with its many valuable baroque buildings was also reconstructed in 2004.
The synagogue was built in 1796 by Samaji Hasaji Divekar, a Bene Israeli, near Esplanade in South Mumbai.
By the 1980s, the Jewish community had almost entirely left the neighborhood and the building was all but abandoned.
The complex is built at the southern entrance of the covered suq of ancient Aleppo.
Samuel Joseph F. Banayat, Jr., and Parish Vicars, Father Manuel Ragil, Fr.
Weapons of metal and stone, tools, clay idols, numerous vessels, fireplaces and two tombs, all from the Iron Age were discovered in the vicinity as well.
The priory was a dependency of Welbeck Abbey and named in honour of Saint Thomas the Martyr.
It is an ornate wooden church built late in the 19th century.
He has since assumed the role as Rabbi in Residence and Rabbi Steven Exler assumed the role of Senior Rabbi.
Ruislip Priory was a priory in Middlesex, England.
A John Snetzler organ was installed in 1755.
The monastery was founded in 1785 by schema nun Olimpiada, with her confessor, Father Iosif.
After James Burgess and Henry Cousens wrote descriptions of the Kevada, Jama, and Nagina Masjids, roads were built to reach them.
The Molla Hassan Kāshi Mausoleum is a free-standing isolated edifice located 2.5 km to the south of Soltaniyeh, Iran.
Berman served until 1969, and was succeeded by Yosef Leibowitz, who served for 15 years.
It was built between 1698 and 1702 and it is located in the Serbian square.
This group constructed a synagogue on Wilson Road, near Hunters Bar, in 1930.
The Name of Mary Church is a Roman Catholic parish church in Novi Sad, Serbia, dedicated to the feast of the Holy Name of Mary.
By the 2000s there were fewer than forty, mostly elderly Jews remaining in the city, however, and the congregation no longer has a full-time rabbi.
It is located on the south side of WASA Square.
Goshavank is a 12th- or 13th-century Armenian monastery located in the village of Gosh in the Tavush Province of Armenia.
An International team takes care of the congregation work.
Along with the Conciergerie, the Sainte-Chapelle is one of the earliest surviving buildings of the Capetian royal palace on the Île de la Cité.
St Nicolas College was later renamed King’s College.
The Lukang Kinmen Hall is a historical building in Lukang Township, Changhua County, Taiwan.
It connotes a religious edifice where Muslims of Sufi religious order assemble to achieve spiritual peace and character building.
The Mosque is the first Ahmadiyya mosque in the country.
It is ornamented by the paintings of Giovanni Mola.
Due to its proximity to the Mediterranean Sea, fishermen and sailors used the mosque, as well as nearby inhabitants of the surrounding area.
As of 2008, the congregation had 25 member families.
This convent, which in 1277 belonged to the Clarisse Nuns, was called Santa Maria ad Cellam,.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1969 as St. Paul's Church.
The small wooden church building overlooks the nearby Hudson River.
It was built in 1974 and was one of the largest mosques in America upon its completion.
An inscription on the Mosque recorded by the traveler Evliya Çelebi, stated that it was constructed by Ahmet Ağa in 1078 according to the Islamic calendar.
The congregation is still active and worships in an alternate building until the building pictured here is repaired.
Congregation Beth Israel is a Reform synagogue located at 2200 Broadway in Bellingham, Washington.
During the years number of Jews in Bjelovar increased, so current temple could no longer meet the needs of Jewish community Bjelovar.
It is reputedly the most frequently visited shrine of pilgrimage in Belgium.
It is built with pink stone in the center and gray stone in the towers.
The architect Vardapet Aghbayrik designed Tegher and the monasteries of Saghmosavank and Hovhannavank during the 13th century.
The Franciscan Church is one of the oldest churches in Salzburg, Austria.
Initially known as San Miguel, it is the oldest Portuguese Franciscan church in Mumbai.
The Tomb of Ahmad Sanjar was built in Merv in 1157, following the death of Ahmad Sanjar, sultan of the Great Seljuk Empire.
The bell tower is from 1920, and replaced the original tower which fell down in the 16th century.
There are several other structures at the site as well.
The fraternity consisted of the prior and between eight and ten canons, supported by a number of temporal staff.
It belongs to the early Safavid era.
St. Mary Help of Christians Church is a Catholic parish at the corner of Park Avenue and York Street in Aiken, South Carolina.
Wettingen-Mehrerau Abbey is a Cistercian territorial abbey and cathedral located at Mehrerau on the outskirts of Bregenz in Vorarlberg, Austria.
The Great Suburb Synagogue was a synagogue at Bożnicza-Street 16 in Lviv, Ukraine.
It is located on 1.67 acres of land atop Robson Heights on Lorong Bellamy, overlooking Jalan Syed Putra.
The construction was halted by the two World Wars and finished only in 1969.
The rectangular plan of the church includes the prayer-hall and the main altar on the eastern side, attached to which are the sacristies.
"The embossed tiles, which I saw in the mihrab of Meydan mosque, were very interesting and spectacular.
The rock-cut architecture exemplary of early Pandyan art.
The Rum Mehmed Pasha Mosque is an old Ottoman mosque located in a large and densely populated district of Üsküdar, in Istanbul, Turkey.
In 1095 it was made subservient to the Abbey of Saint-Jean-D'Angely by Pope Urban II; it regained its independence in 1246.
However, the site can be viewed from the hill above it and from a public footpath that runs on the west side.
It was developed by the Melaka Chinese Muslim Association.
GreyFriars, Newcastle-upon-Tyne was a friary in Tyne and Wear, England.
Great Mosque of Banten is a historic mosque in Old Banten, 10 km north of Serang, Indonesia.
The rapid growth of the local population warranted that the building be rebuilt into the current structure.
Dmitry Shvidkovsky, in his book Russian Architecture and the West, states that "it is like no other Russian building.
Tarnobrzeg was very quickly developed, and civil authorities were counting, that in the year 2000 the number of inhabitants will exceed 100,000.
If Catherine Bird continued to live nearby, until the 1830’s, she would have referred to “the new meeting house”.
The Church of Saint Sofia, also known as the Old Bishopric is an Eastern Orthodox church in Nesebar, eastern Bulgaria.
During the refurbishment in 2000, church services took place at the football club.
The building has been the property of the Reformed Church in Slovakia since 1655.
The Cathedral of St Peter the Apostle is a Roman Catholic church located in Jaca, in Aragon, Spain.
It is located on Main St. in Prattsville, New York, United States, and is an example of Greek Revival and Federal style Architecture.
The community is now affiliated with Reconstructionist Judaism.
Its current site is lost, though it is thought to have been west of St Kenelm's parish church and Minster Lovell Hall.
A 2009 traffic accident and fire caused some damage to the roof.
It is located in Jalan Kuala Krai Nilam Puri, Kelantan.
Only about 1,000 of them survived the Holocaust that followed the German invasion of Yugoslavia in 1941 and the annexation of Bačka region by Hungary.
It is the tallest building in Geelong, with a total height of 210 feet from the pavement, and is a major landmark in the city.
The village was named after the former abbey that existed between the 13th and 16th centuries.
The CMJ aims at purging poverty, diseases and assists poor and helpless people.
When a great fire burned down most of al-Fustat in 1168 the mosque was almost completed destroyed, with only its green mihrab being preserved.
The complex consists of four contributing buildings: the church, St. Stanislaus School, convent, and rectory.
It has been the episcopal seat of the present Diocese of Cesena-Sarsina since 1986, and was previously that of the Diocese of Cesena.
The main altarpiece is a bas-relief in stucco and terracotta depicting the venerated Madonna della Selva, and is attributed to Francesco di Giorgio Martini.
It has an exquisite stucco, on which there are verses from Quran about the virtue of Friday prayer.
Church of Holy Trinity was a Serbian Orthodox Church located in the village of Velika Reka, in the municipality of Vučitrn, in Kosovo and Metohija.
In 1993 the combined building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places as Bard Infant School and St. James Chapel.
The mosque was commissioned by Khusraw [Hüsrev] Pasha while he was governor of Aleppo under Sultan Suleiman I.
The synagogue remained intact until the 1980s, when it was destroyed under the orders of Muammar Gaddafi and replaced with an apartment complex.
Its congregation was the first church to be organized in Batavia, albeit as a Congregationalist group at that time.
The congregation was formed in 1869 by German Jews as an Orthodox breakaway from an existing Reform congregation.
Tahir Masjid is a Ahmadiyya Muslim mosque located in Payangadi India.
The cathedral contains a suite of 18 Renaissance stained glass windows by Arnaud de Moles.
It was quickly rebuilt in the 1950s under the supervision of architect Jose Ma.
San Beneto is a vicariale church of the parish of San Luca.
After it was dissolved in 1537, ownership was granted to George Talbot, 6th Earl of Shrewsbury.
By the early 18th century, some former Tickford Priory buildings were still standing, but they were in poor condition.
Attributed to the Flemish architect Lucas Faydherbe, this building is a notable illustration of the Italian-influenced Flemish Baroque style of the 17th century.
It is the only Orthodox church in Novo Sarajevo.
Ahmed Shah's Mosque, also known as Shahi Jam-e-Masjid or Juni Juma Masjid is the oldest mosque of Ahmedabad, India.
It is one of the few churches in Istanbul that has not been converted into a mosque.
It was the first Roman Catholic church in the Canara region.
In 1972, Beth Israel affiliated with the Reconstructionist movement, and by the 1980s it had hired its first full-time Reconstructionist rabbi, and had outgrown its building.
After a particularly controversial public letter decrying a police raid and arrest of labor activists, the congregation ultimately forced Frisch to retire in 1942.
These paintings are about the Battle of Karbala.
This mosque is believed to contain the grave of Abel, son of Adam as believed by Muslims, who are frequent visitors of this mosque for ziyarat.
The mosque is located at the intersection of the main streets of the Old City, along the district's eastern edges.
In the middle of the 18th century the church was reconstructed by architect Tomas Žebrauskas.
The congregation first met in 1879, organizing in 1895.
It now stands within the Jain Center of Southern California in Los Angeles.
Its stones have since been used by the local Kurds for building purposes.
The monastery of Saint George is located just off of the main road that runs through the town of Mughni in the Aragatsotn province of Armenia.
Many people think that the earthquakes were signs that the Lady of Los Ángeles wanted the basilica built there.
It is well known for its turquoise dome, tiled minarets, pleasant yard and beautiful iwan.
The main hall is dedicated to the Chinese goddess Mazu, the left top is dedicated to Confucius and the Bodhisattva Guan yin.
The temple also contains three gates, an octagonal pavilion and many ancient stelae.
Hudavend Hatun Türbe or Huvand Hatun Türbe is a 14th-century Seljuk Kümbet in Nigde, Turkey.
This Mutt has been closely associated with the Zamindars of Ukhra, the Handa family, and has served as the spiritual beacon of the area.
The Emamzadeh belongs to the Qajar era.
The Cathedral of Our Lady of the Assumption, often called Port-au-Prince Cathedral, was a cathedral in Port-au-Prince, Haiti.
According to another theory Acyro refers to a curruption of the Latin word "circus", a stadium for horse racing, which was located in the vicinity.
In 1440 there were four canons beside the prior, as well as a canon of Thornton.
A new bigger church was then attached to the older one and dedicated to Saint Bernardino of Siena.
This mosque is perhaps one of the oldest mosques in Iran that although belong to hundred years ago but kept its original architecture.
It was built on an end of the Mokattam to ensure a view of Cairo.
It currently hosts 170 member households with a Montessori School.
Robert Cabelli joined as rabbi in 2006.
In 2003 it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The church was founded by Dr. L.B.
It is a Forane church, with several Parishes under it.
The design of this Cathedral was made according to the Roman Byzantine style by a Belgian architect, Edouard Dobbeleers of Antwerp.
Built in the Seljuk style, it was ordered by the Ottoman Sultan Bayezid I and built between 1396 and 1399.
Beth El is an egalitarian synagogue providing diverse worship in the Conservative tradition.
It is classified as a triple nave stave church of the so-called Sogn-type.
The mosque has a large domed prayer hall preceded by a double portico.
As of 2017, the Senior Rabbi is Tom Gutherz, and the Rabbi Educator is Rachel Schmelkin.
The inner and outer diameters are 11 and 16 meters, respectively.
Architecture studio Hönigsberg & Deutsch was selected to build the new synagogue, and furniture company Bothe & Ehrmann to adapt the interior.
Saint Marianeh church is clearly visible from across the gorge at Saint Sargis church.
St Mary's Catholic Church is located in Melbourne's first seaport of Williamstown, Melbourne, Australia.
Its rabbis are James Baaden and Judith Levitt.
The façade of the cathedral was completed only at the end of the 15th century with works attributed to the Venetian architect Mauro Coducci.
The Benedictine monks of Cassino are still resident.
The former synagogue became the Pilgrim Baptist Church, the birthplace of Gospel music.
The centotaph is square in shape with a fluted central dome and four corner domes; it is located next to the tank.
The church features sixteenth century stained glass.
The Golden Rose Synagogue, known also as the Nachmanowicz Synagogue, or the Turei Zahav Synagogue was a synagogue in Lviv, Ukraine.
Quenington Preceptory was a medieval monastic house in Gloucestershire, England.
The Ketchaoua Mosque is a mosque in Algiers, the capital of Algeria.
The small gilded baroque-style belfry is built in front of the entrance.
Orford Priory was a priory in Stainton le Vale, Lincolnshire, England.
Its only brick minaret is located in its southeastern corner.
The site was partially restored and opened to the public to a museum in 2010.
The congregation first met in 1883, organizing in 1886.
Following the closure Sir Edmund Knevett, of Buckenham Castle, was granted a lease of the priory lands.
This church was used for Moravian services until 2005 when the congregation sold it and moved to its new premises in Royton.
The name has also been used for an upscale modern metro road named the "Barakhamba road" in Connaught Place at the heart of the city.
Neve Shalom is the central and largest Sephardic synagogue in Istanbul, open to service especially on Shabbats, High Holidays, Bar Mitzvahs, funerals and weddings.
In 1954, Ahavath Achim opened its religious school.
Now it seems more probable that the church is to be identified with Saint Thekla of the Palace of Blachernae.
The stone is placed under a wooden reticulated window facing alley.
This holy hill is now known as "Gurunathanmukadi".
Dating from about 1260 to 1280, it is possibly the oldest Christian church in Finland, and was extended in the 19th century.
The basement seems to have survived from Ashoka's structure: the stone facing is chiseled and displays delicate floral carvings of Gupta origin.
It has been designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building.
Also known as Halliwell, or Halywell, it was refounded by Sir Thomas Lovell in the sixteenth century, who was buried there.
It was rebuilt in 1730 under designs conceived by Giovanni Antonio Ricca.
Sant'Ivo alla Sapienza') is a Roman Catholic church in Rome.
The church is a Marian shrine, and stands at the top of a hill which overlooks the city.
Among the artworks housed inside is the Holy Family by Giulio Romano.
It is the largest example of Romanesque Revival architecture in the province, resembling a German cathedral of the 12th century.
San Girolamo is an Renaissance style church just outside the old walled city of Volterra, Italy.
In 1879 the congregation completed its first building on Turk Street, but soon outgrew it, and in 1891 constructed a new synagogue building on Geary Street.
Saint-Sulpice is a Roman Catholic church in Jumet, a section of the Belgian town of Charleroi within Wallonia in the province of Hainaut.
The Quadrangular castle, a building of the Middle Ages, is located near the mosque.
The priory of Nuncotham in Brocklesby parish was founded by Alan de Moncels around 1150.
The present building dates from the beginning of the 19th century.
Before accessing the abbey gardens, visitors must walk through a museum that explains the role of the abbey.
Most of the administrative staff of the mosque are Hindus, symbolizing peaceful coexistence between the two religions.
Povington Priory was a Benedictine priory in Tyneham, Dorset, England.
Colchester Crutched Friary was a friary in Essex, England.
It was the work of the architect Henri Baudot, who has constructed several buildings in Algeria and Tunisia.
It survived the tsunami which struck Padang following the 1833 Sumatra earthquake, but was severely damaged after earthquakes in 2005 and 2009.
In 1799, a waqf provided by Recep Paşa established the current grounds of the tekke.
Yerazgavorsi Surb Amenaprkitchi Vank is Armenian monsatery in the village of Başsüregel in the Kars Province of present-day Turkey.
In 2014 it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Congregation Beth Israel is a Modern Orthodox synagogue located in Louisiana.
It was the residence and seat of the Rajshahi Raj family of zamindars.
It is the largest Gurdwara in Europe.
The church is described as the greatest building of the 1700s in Gudbrandsdalen, Muri describes the interior as holistic.
Years later however, upon the flooding of her gravesite, her grave was reopened and the body was moved to the site where the Masjid now stands.
Numerous khachkars may be seen around the monastery as well.
The Church of Saint Nicholas is a church of the Serbian Orthodox Church, located in the village of Kosovica near Ivanjica.
The Freehold Jewish Center, also referred to as "Congregation Agudath Achim", is a synagogue in Freehold, New Jersey.
The Rabbi of the Rumbach Street synagogue was Rabbi Shloime Boruch Schmalhausen until the Holocaust and deportation of the Jews of Budapest.
Sardis Synagogue is a synagogue located in Manisa Province, Turkey.
Sant'Alessandro in Zebedia is a church in Milan, Italy.
Starting in 1964 the state record company Melodiya used the church as a recording studio.
The Emamzadeh Pir Davoud is an Imamzadeh in Ghamsar, Iran.
It was abandoned in 1915 during the Armenian Genocide, and reportedly demolished around 1951.
San Giovanni in Conca is a crypt of a former basilica church in Milan, northern Italy.
The original building was erected on Monbijou Park in 1885, but was destroyed in the allied Bombing of Berlin in World War II.
The mosque is known to host one of the first and greatest universities in the history of Islam.
Its official name is Thai Buddhist Chetawan Temple.
Santa Sofia in Padua is the oldest church structure in the city.
Karatay Madrasa is a madrasa built in Konya, Turkey, in 1251 by the Emir of the city Celaleddin Karatay, serving the Seljuk sultan.
The building was designed by architects António Maria Braga and João Paulo Conceição; its external features include a minaret and a dome.
Construction of the mausoleum began in 1963 under its project of the construction of Masjid Negara and was completed in 1965.
The inferior façade, in two colors of marble, was the design product of Lupo, Giovanni di Gante, and Simone di Matteo of Siena.
Saint John the Baptist Church is an active church in the old area of Kond, Yerevan, Armenia.
Annual ‘Prathishta kalasam’, festival kalasam and Sarpa pooja are performed yearly.
Each year the shrine is visited by millions of pilgrims coming from all over the world.
The New West End Synagogue, located in St. Petersburgh Place, Bayswater, London, is one of the oldest synagogues in the United Kingdom still in use.
Work, by E. H. Shellard began in 1847 and the church in its original form was completed and consecrated in 1857.
It is the seat of the Roman Catholic Bishop of Carcassonne and Narbonne.
The complex includes hundreds of cells, churches, chapels, refectories and living quarters hollowed out of the rock face.
The Sheikha Salama Mosque is a mosque in Al-Ain City, the Emirate of Abu Dhabi, the United Arab Emirates.
Today the synagogue is used for services only on Rosh Hashana and Yom Kippur.
It is a typical Byzantine-style church, 12.9 meters high, with three naves, separated by four pillars.
Masjid Mantingan is one of the oldest mosques in Indonesia, located in the center town of Jepara, Central Java Indonesia.
The priory, also known as Little Mareis, was co founded by Helewise de Clere and Roger II de Clere.
The Kahal Shalom Synagogue is a Sephardic synagogue in La Juderia, the Jewish quarter of the city of Rhodes on the Greek island of Rhodes.
In the oratory, there is a copy .
The church is constructed very near to ollur junction which major suburban location in the area.
It is the seat of the Diocese of Arecibo .
According to the kufic inscription on the minaret, it is built in 1112.
It has three gates: the main gate, facing Shakeel Road, is made up of red marble and stands 100 feet tall.
The church has an octagonal plan and is laid out in a colorful baroque style.
Chiesa di San Sepolcro is a church in Milan, Italy.
The first service was held on 12 November of that year.
It was designated a National Historic Landmark on April 15, 1970 and is part of San Antonio Missions National Historical Park.
One story says that she was exposed naked in the public square and a miraculous snowfall in mid-spring covered her nudity.
Much of the interior was rebuilt in the 15th century, and covered with frescoes in a style influenzed by Byzantine iconography.
The cathedral has five bells, dating back to Renaissance, tuned in E flat.
Kyushu University Muslim Student Association initiated the idea of building a mosque in 1998, and started collecting donations.
Santa Chiara is a religious complex in Naples, Italy, that includes the Church of Santa Chiara, a monastery, tombs and an archeological museum.
In the spring of 2001 Faith Church became a parish of the Episcopal Diocese of Northern California.
The monastery is listed in the National Register of Historic Monuments.
Little Haywood Abbey was an abbey in Staffordshire, England.
Its senior rabbi was Steven Katz, who succeeded his father, Arthur Katz.
Today, the exterior of St Paul's is remarkably unchanged, but the interior underwent complete redesign in the 1890s.
The first Sultan of Perak buried here was Sultan Idris Murshidul Azzam Shah I in 1916.
It is part of the historical Armenian province of Moxoene.
The Imam Reza shrine in Mashhad, Iran is a complex which contains the mausoleum of Imam Reza, the eighth Imam of Twelver Shiites.
Its location made the basilica the first church for the majority of travellers entering the city.
The builder was the mason Lu Licheng from Suncun, a village in the Jinan area, who supervised nearly 1000 stone masons for the construction project.
The St Nicholas Orthodox Cathedral, Nice is an Eastern Orthodox cathedral located in the French city of Nice.
It contains the tomb, by David d'Anger, of François Fénelon, who was archbishop from 1696 to 1715.
The present mainly Gothic building was raised with the support of Bishop Lorenzo in 1220.
The Anchiskhati Basilica of St Mary is the oldest surviving church in Tbilisi, Georgia.
Al-Rahim mosque is almost at the southest point of Dubai Marina.
Coventry Reform Jewish Community, a member of the Movement for Reform Judaism, is a Reform Judaism congregation at 24 Nightingale Lane in Coventry, West Midlands, England.
Kashveti’s frescoes were painted by the influential Georgian painter, Lado Gudiashvili, in 1947.
The place was historically associated with Buddhism and the monuments dated to 4th-8th century are found here.
He served as first rector of the new St. Peter's church from 1861-1896 and also served as the president of Hobart from 1869 to 1871.
In 1764 Louis-François Trouard added the Chapelle de la Providence to the northern transept.
Moccas Monastery was a monastery near Moccas in Herefordshire, England at grid reference SO35654327.
The first location was a converted house on Boulevard.
Damage to Bosra began in 2012, as shells and tanks caused significant damage.
It was later given the church of Weston under Wetherley by an unknown donor.
After the Protestant Reformation, ridge turrets were raised, which changed the external appearances.
The renaissance portal of the church was sculpted by Gerolamo Giolfino with statues of Saints John the Evangelist, Peter, and John the Baptist.
Plympton Priory was a priory in Devon, England.
Service was also conducted in the Sinhalese language on the occasion when a Sinhalese woman was also baptised, under the sponsorship of two English women.
The church is notable particularly for the Cornaro Chapel, an important example of Early Renaissance architecture, added by Mauro Codussi during the 1490s.
The new priory convent, dedicated to St Scholastica, was founded in 1859 when a group of 19 nuns moved to Atherstone from Colwich.
Another marble bridge leads to a structure in the lagoon meant as a replica of a 16th-century Sultan Bolkiah Mahligai Barge.
It is located south of Bab Zuweila, just outside the southern entrance to the old walled city of Cairo.
It is located in the bazaar of Kashan.
The Dresden Frauenkirche is a Lutheran church in Dresden, the capital of the German state of Saxony.
The reconstruction of the monastery began at the end of the 20th century.
at the time of the Dissolution of the Monasteries by Henry VIII, it had a yearly value of £26.
Its most distinguishing feature is its large blue and silver dome.
Aaron Levy, the Jewish rabbi whose congregation seceded recently from Sheerith Israel Church, will be given at Druid's Hall, August 17.
It is the first church in baroque style built in Lyon and is classified as historic monument.
Rabbi Binyamin Marwick is the synagogue's rabbi and the youth director is Josh Zaslow.
This second church building was in active use from the time of its construction in 1887 until the current building was constructed in 1969.
The Moses and Aaron Church, in the Waterlooplein neighborhood of Amsterdam, is officially the Roman Catholic Church of St. Anthony of Padua.
Further decoration was by Camillo Torsegno in 1870.
Construction began in 1963 and was completed in 1968.
Saint Mesrop Mashtots Cathedral is a 19th-century church in the Oshakan village of Aragatsotn Province, Armenia.
Many of its halls and pavilions are adorned with copper and gold tiled roofs, adding to the splendor of the site.
Its previous position is defined by earthworks and rubble.
Construction of the present building took place during the 13th century.
The Saint-Louis-en-l'Île Church, is a Catholic church located on Île Saint-Louis in the 4th arrondissement of Paris, France.
This feature does not exist in other minarets of Isfahan.
Mariazell Basilica, also known as Basilica Mariä Geburt, is a Marian basilica in Mariazell, Austria.
It is located in the Ancient part of the city, north to the Citadel of Aleppo.
Beth Israel's first rabbi was Dov Ber Boruchoff, who served the congregation from 1906 to 1939.
The building is stone, with a tile roof.
The icons in the church are by Photios Kontoglou of Athens, Greece.
The basilica is famous home for the shrine of the Black Nazarene, a dark statue of Jesus Christ many claim to be miraculous.
Today, the Spanish Synagogue is administered by the Jewish Museum in Prague.
The building was then converted into 6 residences.
It seems likely that the property was a grange rather than a priory.
The hall of the nuns had once a Pentecost by Simone Peterzano, now in the nearby church of Sant'Eufemia.
Black Abbey was established in 1225 as one of the first houses of the Dominican Order in Ireland.
The edifice is located in a site previously occupied by a Roman temple dating to the time of Tiberius, a Visigothic cathedral, and a Moorish mosque.
In the 14th century, the church gave its name to the city, previously known as Sredets.
It has a dome in its center and four minarets.
It is said that the first tirthankar Rishabha, twenty-third Tirthankara Parshvanath and last tirthankara Mahavira had their Chaturmas at this place.
Their vision was to establish a Reform synagogue that was inclusive and welcoming, where prayer was joyous, personal, and meaningful; and so Kol Ami began.
The building is the work of the Spanish architect Enric Sagnier and was completed by his son Josep Maria Sagnier i Vidal.
Restoration work in 1964 led to the discovery of frescoes in its dome.
It was designed by Oscar Niemeyer, and was completed and dedicated on May 31, 1970.
The Reformed Church is a church in Recea, Sălaj, Romania, completed in the 15th century.
It is the seat of the Bishop of Osma
The second storey was presumable added after the house had been turned into a mosque some time between 1811 and 1821.
Cockerham Priory was a priory served by Austin Canons in Cockerham, Lancashire, England.
The Umayyad and Abbasid caliphs prevented construction of the shrines and discouraged pilgrimage to the sites.
Imāmzādeh Hamzah is an Imamzadeh mosque complex in Tabrīz, Iran.
Located at the western edge of Gezköy village of Erzurum province in Turkey now.
It is constructed from dark grey stone, with red tufa inlaid around the windows, roof, and dome.
It is dedicated to Saint Stephen, the first Christian martyr.
The Holy chamber of Oviedo is a Roman Catholic pre-Romanesque church in Oviedo, Spain, built next to pre-romanesque Tower of San Miguel of the city's cathedral.
All but one of the nuns died in the outbreak of plague in 1349, with the survivor becoming part of the Priory of Stamford.
It is located at the foot of the hill on which the Castle of Castrojeriz stands.
The first Sultan of Brunei buried here was Sultan Omar Ali Saifuddin I who died in 1795.
The small church of Saint Sarkis is located in the foothills south of Lake Sevan in the Gegharkunik Province of Armenia.
Its construction began during the reign of’ Sultan Mohammad Khodabaneh and was completed during his son’s rule Sultan Abu Sa'eed.
The Shrine of Our Lady of Mount Carmel it is a Catholic church located in Los Realejos, in the north of the island of Tenerife.
Congregation Beth Israel is a Reconstructionist synagogue located at 542 South New Middletown Road in Middletown Township, Delaware County, Pennsylvania, near Media.
In 1995 the Latvian-born Reverend Dr Juris Calitis became the pastor of a growing congregation.
A new and permanent church building for the parish was later erected in 1952, on the location of a former cinema.
His death in 1891 prevented him from seeing his ambitious work in its finished state.
It is a Tudor Revival structure dating to the early 1920s, housing a congregation restarted in the early 20th century.
Rushen Abbey is an abbey on the Isle of Man, located near Ballasalla.
The mosque has the capacity to serve 10,000 people at a time.
Along with other historic structures of Mtskheta, it is listed as a World Heritage site by UNESCO.
It is owned by Chalermchai Kositpipat, who designed, constructed, and opened it to visitors in 1997.
The Ali ebn-e Sahl mausoleum is a historical mausoleum in Isfahan, Iran.
It is notable as one of the oldest cathedrals in the United States.
Other medieval frescoes are in the annexed sacristy.
Officially formed in 1798, the church has a rich German history.
Shortly afterwards it reverted to the King.
It was subsequently extended and refurbished until 1616.
The building stands on what is known as the back side or north slope of Beacon Hill in Boston, Massachusetts.
The First Baptist Church of Ossining is located in the center of the village of Ossining, New York, United States.
A lot of people of Usingen made donations for the reconstruction of the mosque.
It has a long, narrow, rectangular floor plan and a silver dome.
Zasanie Synagogue,, located in Przemyśl, Poland, was the only synagogue in Przemyśl built on the western bank of the San River.
The Emir Qurqumas Complex is located in Medieval Cairo, Egypt, in the City of the dead.
Greek Catholic Co-cathedral of Saints Cyril and Methodius is the historicistic church of Eparchy of Križevci that belongs to the Vicariate of Diocese of Žumberak-Križevci.
The church that belonged to the tower was destroyed by a gunpowder explosion in the 18th century.
Also buried within the shrine are three daughters of the ninth Twelver Shī‘ah Imām, Muhammad at-Taqī.
The Église Saint-Paul is a Roman Catholic church located in Lyon, France.
Its official name is Santa Iglesia Catedral Basílica Metropolitana de Santa María de Burgos.
The Cathedral of Our Lady of the Pillar and St. Raphael is the main Roman Catholic church building of Melo, Uruguay.
Founded in 1911, it is currently led by Rabbi Alexandra Wright.
Fors Abbey was an abbey in Low Abbotside, Askrigg, North Yorkshire, England.
San Pietro in Gessate is a church in Milan, northern Italy.
Completed in 1993, it was designed by Michel Pinseau and built by Bouygues.
It was built with the bartered labour and donated funds of the founding members and their families.
The present structure is the third wooden church to have been built on that site.
The Huxi Mosque is a mosque in Putuo District, Shanghai, China.
It is at the southern end of the main road through Nadi.
The distance between the shrines of ‘Abbās and Husayn is the same as the distance between the hills of Al-Safa and Al-Marwah.
Its construction, with a Neoclassical facade, interior and plan inspired by the Basilica di Santa Maria Maggiore, began in 1884 and ended in 1894.
Cambrai was again constituted an archbishopric in 1841.
Mirza Muhammad Kamil Dehlavi is buried there.
At the 2006 census, its population was 8,368, in 1,747 families.
St. John's is also affiliated with the North Carolina Council of Churches and the Raleigh Religious Network for Lesbian and Gay Equality.
San Giovanni Grisostomo is a small church in the sestiere or neighborhood of Cannaregio, Venice.
Klosterneuburg Monastery contains the Verduner Altar, made in 1181 by Nicholas of Verdun.
The priests are situated and live on the grounds of the temple.
Redbourne Priory was a priory in Lincolnshire, England.
At the end of the 17th century the house was abandoned and the buildings were dismantled.
The Sailors' Mosque is an important landmark in Ulcinj, Montenegro that once served as a lighthouse.
In the Catholicate of Abkhazia, Bedia was the centre of a diocese and the seat of a Bishop.
It is situated on the Piazza di Santa Croce, about 800 meters south-east of the Duomo.
The site was sold to Simon Edolph in 1590, who converted the refectory building into a farmhouse.
The church holds an altarpiece depicting Madonna with saints Ranieri, Torpè, and Leonardo by Aurelio Lomi.
The St. Cross Church of Kaunas was returned to the believers only in 1881.
It was the sixth largest church building in Hungary before 1920.
Choto Shona Mosque is located in Chapai Nawabganj district of Bangladesh.
This temple always be filled with worshippers on Imlek, Cap Go Meh days and Chit Gwee Pua festival.
It belongs to the era of the Safavid King Suleiman.
It is situated on the street "Rr.
The original mosque included a prayer space, social hall, and kitchen.
Santa Maria delle Vigne is a Roman Catholic basilica church in Genoa, northern Italy.
Congregation Beth Israel is a Reform synagogue located at 9001 Towne Centre Drive in San Diego, California.
Narbonne Cathedral is a Roman Catholic cathedral located in the town of Narbonne, France.
Construction began in 1867 and was not completed until over half a century later due to increases in costs and revisions of the original plans.
It is at the southern end of Binjiang Dao in Heping District.
The nave, the font, the pulpit and the lectern were consecrated in 1960.
More chapels and enlargements were added by Antonio de la Tijera, Juan de Bulga Valdelastras, and Juan de Obregón between 1595 and 1598.
Initially named Christ Church, it was later renamed circa 1847 the Church of the Resurrection.
The congregation owns and maintains a historic cemetery at 19th Street and 15th Avenue which was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
Paporaji, also called Pampapur, a temple site in Madhya Pradesh, India, 5 km east of Tikamgarh.
Tijara Jain Temple is a Jain temple dedicated to Chandraprabha.
There are calligraphic scripts on the inner walls.
It is also a contributing property to the Mill Street-North Clover Street Historic District listed on the Register later that year.
Its foundation is a reconstruction of an existing old building.
More of it was destroyed in the 1960s, although some sections are still extant.
The architecture of the mosque is a combination of Neo-Gothic style and classical Ottoman motifs.
The church once was dedicated to Nuestra Señora de la Encarnación.
After restoration synagogue will serve as the new headquarters for Križevci Tourist Board and local community sports associations.
As with many other historical buildings of the city, it is made of the locally found black basalt with alternating bands of white limestone.
It is significant among the Armenian churches for being one of the oldest active churches in the Armenian diaspora and the city of Aleppo.
much of the exterior of the building has remained the same.
Romaniote traditions are separate from those of both Sephardic and Ashkenazi Judaism, deriving their lineage in Greece for nearly 2000 years, long before the Spanish Inquisition.
Declared National Monument in 1931, the church burnt in 1936 during the Spanish Civil War.
The Saint Sofia Church is the second oldest church in the Bulgarian capital Sofia, dating to the 4th-6th century.
The Viscri fortified church is a Lutheran fortified church in Viscri, Brașov County, in the Transylvania region of Romania.
The image was then transferred to the Church, and changed name.
In 1991, some local parishes were merged, and the church adopted its present name.
In 2014 it was reported that the building would be demolished and rebuilt.
The lands of Tregonan came into the possession of the Cistercian Abbey of Beaulieu.
In 1756, co-cathedral was consecrated by the Bishop of Makarska Stjepan Blašković.
In 1995, the synagogue hired a new rabbi, Rabbi Sandford Kopnick.
Together with the surrounding village, the church forms part of the villages with fortified churches in Transylvania UNESCO World Heritage Site.
The Cathedral of San Salvador of Oviedo today displays an array of architectural styles, from Pre-Romanesque to Baroque, including Romanesque, Gothic and Renaissance parts.
On the carved wooden chest on the tomb, the date 951 of the Islamic calendar has been written.
Since 1572, the image of Santo Niño has been enshrined in this church.
The ruins of St. Edmund's Chapel are located in a field to the east of the village of Lyng, Norfolk, England.
This attack is attributed to the Palestinian militant Abu Nidal.
The former cathedral was converted into a fortress by the Ottoman army during the Crimean War.
In Catherine’s day church members expected to see the pastor only once in three weeks or so because he had other assignments in the surrounding countryside.
Built in 637, it is one of the oldest mosques in the Levant.
The design has similarities with the Isanpur mosque and introduced a new architectural style to Ahmedabad.
Built in the 15th century, it is a noteworthy example of Gothic architecture.
The temple was built by Hainanese living in Malaysia and the property belongs to and is run by the Selangor & Federal Territory Hainan Association.
In all, the church could seat 380 people.
The Cathedral of Our Lady of the Holy Assumption, better known as Valladolid Cathedral, is a Roman Catholic church in Valladolid, Spain.
The mosque faces south towards the Strait of Gibraltar and Morocco several kilometres away.
It was a Roman Catholic monastery complex grounded in the early 17th century.
Al-Jawali Mosque was annexed to the Ibrahimi Mosque sanctuary and is an integral part of its layout, bordering the northeastern wall of that structure's enclosure.
Pelsi tsässon is a small Seto chapel situated in Pelsi village, Meremäe municipality in Võru County in Estonia.
"Gandzasar" means treasure mountain or hilltop treasure in Armenian.
In 1956 the congregation moved to a former church on Boulevard, and in 1962 moved to its current location in Toco Hills.
Nor Varagavank is a 13th-century Armenian Apostolic Church monastic ensemble situated 3.5 km southwest of the village Varagavan in the Tavush Province of Armenia.
It was decorated with frescoes by Michelangelo Anselmi and Francesco Rondani.
Red Church is a former Protestant church in Olomouc, Czech Republic.
The roof is notable for its gargoyles, featuring a wide range of animals, both domestic and mythical.
On February 21, 1991, the building was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
It was built in 1838 and is a Grade II* listed building.
The church of Notre-Dame-des-Blancs-Manteaux is a Roman Catholic church in Le Marais, 4th arrondissement of Paris.
It is dated by scholars to the fourth or fifth century.
Despite its relatively small size, it is considered one of the landmarks of the city for its distinctive octagonal shape and elaborate tilework.
Over the central dome there is a 5-meter-long, gold-plated cross and over the other domes there are 12 smaller crosses.
The site of the priory lies 7 miles south-west of Grimsby, and 1 mile west of the A18.
The building itself was twice renewed, which in many ways changed its exterior: for the first time after 1557, and the second time in mid-nineteenth century.
Sri Siva Vishnu Temple is a Hindu temple located in Lanham, Maryland, about 12 miles from Washington D.C.
It is one of 116 surviving medieval parish churches in the North West.
Bydgoszcz Synagogue was an Orthodox Synagogue in Bydgoszcz, Poland.
The present structure was completed in the 17th century.
The construction of the statue was commissioned by the Ganga dynasty minister and commander, Chavundaraya.
It was founded around 1200 AD by Sir Ralph de Meyngaren.
Church of St. Nicholas was a Serbian Orthodox church located in the village of Đurakovac in the municipality of Istok, in Kosovo.
Lal Darwaza Masjid of Jaunpur, was built in 1447 by Queen Rajye Bibi and dedicated to Sayyid Ali Dawood Kutubbudin a saint.
The Baptistery of San Giovanni an octagonal 13th century religious building standing just in front of the Duomo of Volterra, in the center of the city.
Cranborne Priory was a priory in Cranborne in Dorset, England.
The Church of the Redeemer is home to an Arab congregation as well as a meeting place of the English-Speaking Anglican Congregation.
It is the seat of the Araratian Pontifical Diocese of the Armenian Apostolic Church.
A large cemetery is situated south of the church, consisting mostly of unmarked grave stones.
St. James Episcopal Church, named for James the Greater, is parish in the Episcopal Diocese of Utah of the Episcopal Church located in Midvale, Utah.
The original building was replaced in 1803.
Igreja do Menino Deus is a church in Portugal.
Along with the "Old Towns of Djenné" it was designated a World Heritage Site by UNESCO in 1988.
St John's Cathedral is located next to St. John's Institution, which is known for its Grecian-Spanish architecture.
It is the second largest church in the geographical region of Transylvania, Romania.
The Franciscans arrived in Gorton in December 1861 and built their friary between 1863 and 1867.
The Church of St George, Bolton, is a redundant church in Bolton, Greater Manchester, England.
Ulu Cami is a 16th-century mosque in Adana, Turkey.
Dealu Mare Monastery is a Romanian Orthodox monastery in Romania, located in the commune of Borăscu, Gorj County.
St. Enodoc Church, Trebetherick is a chapel in the parish of St Minver.
The chronicler William of Tyre reports on the renovation of the Church of the Holy Sepulcher in the mid-12th century.
The Bedkhem church was built by an Armenian merchant named Khaje Petros.
Its open courtyard has a centrally-located ablution pool and a single row of rooms lining the exterior walls.
Watton Priory was a priory of the Gilbertine Order at Watton in the East Riding of Yorkshire, England.
It was founded in 1935, and in 2010 had between 500 and 749 members.
The bell was made by Antal Novotny.
In 1889, architect Ludwig Schöne built the Great Vukovar Synagogue for over 200 members of the Vukovar Jewish community.
When it functioned, it was considered the main synagogue of the Syrian Jewish community.
Kara Ahmed Pasha was a grand vizier of Suleiman the Magnificent who was executed by strangulation in 1555.
On the front of the church is still visible above the main door, the emblem of the noble family: an apple tree bearing fruit.
The community is dedicated to Torah, Tzedakah and Avodah.
Jacobson served as a Navy chaplain during World War II.
W. Gunther Plaut, who died on 8 February 2012 at the age of 99, was a long time Senior Rabbi for this synagogue.
The cathedral is located in Sault Ste.
Brampton Jain Temple or the Bhagwan 1008 Adinatha Swamy Jain Temple, is the first Jain temple in Canada constructed using traditional Indian architecture.
There have been five churches on the site.
Arap Mosque is a mosque in the Karaköy quarter of Istanbul, Turkey.
There is currently some debate whether the Ruprechtskirche is truly the oldest church in Vienna.
The Bic Monastery is a Romanian Orthodox monastery in Bic, Șimleu Silvaniei, Romania.
Ahmad Shah's Tomb, locally known as Badshah no Hajiro or Raja no Hajiro, is a medieval mosque and the group of tombs in Ahmedabad, India.
The liturgy is celebrated according to the Alexandrian rite of the Ethiopian Catholic Church.
Perhaps the site, which had housed an earlier medieval church or sanctuary dedicated to San Quilino, dictated the shape.
Only San Petronio Basilica in Bologna, comprising 258,000 m³ is larger, Munich Frauenkirche and Ulm Minster also comprise 185,000 to 190,000 m³.
It is built in stone, and preceded by a stairs and a Romanesque bell portal.
St Andrew’s Church is the only congregation of the Church of Scotland in Portugal.
In the book Merat ol-Boldan, it is written about the mosque as follows:
Pilgrim Congregational Church in Redding, California was designed in 1958 by the American architect Frank Lloyd Wright, and built between 1960 and 1963.
The church roof was restored in 2008–09, at a cost of £250,000.
One of the Russian shells hit the minaret of Muhammad Mosque and damaged it.
One of those architectural additions, a spire was removed in the mid-20th century.
Walter Calverley married into the Thompson family in 1709 and constructed Esholt Hall on the site of the Nunnery in Queen Anne style.
The core of the current building was built in 483/4 by Vahan Mamikonian after the cathedral was severely damaged in a Persian invasion.
It was built by sultan Sikandar Shah Kashmiri Shahmiri in 1394 AD.
Nowadays, the monastery is private prperty, with the exception of the church which continues to be part of the parochial headquarters of the parish.
Surp Hovhannes Church is an important 10th century basilica located in the village of Byurakan in the Aragatsotn Province of Armenia.
On 3 June 2006 Queen Beatrix of the Netherlands had visited the Mobarak Mosque to commemorate the building's 50th anniversary.
The Montevideo Metropolitan Cathedral is the main Roman Catholic church of Montevideo, and seat of its archdiocese.
It was finally dissolved in 1537 as part of the dissolution of the monasteries with the lands being given to Charles Brandon.
The Yavne Synagogue is a synagogue in Montevideo, Uruguay.
It was founded by Robert Malet c. 1080 and originally an Alien Priory dependent on the Abbey of Bernay in Normandy.
The Shifa Gunta, a pool within the precincts of the dargah, is considered sacred; pilgrims take a holy dip in it.
The Basilica of Saint Denis is a large medieval abbey church in the city of Saint-Denis, now a northern suburb of Paris.
Since that time, the chapel has served as a place of both religious and functionary papal activity.
The modest results of this effort led to a search for additional funding from the Persian Gulf states.
Tobrova tsässon is a small Seto chapel, situated in Tobrova village, Meremäe rural municipality in Võru County in Meremäe.
The synagogue building, designed by architects August Krook and J.E.
The tower-lantern was classified as monument historique in 1920, and the whole church was classified in 1996.
The Golia Monastery is a Romanian Orthodox monastery located in Iaşi, Romania.
The church is not named for Saint Sophia the martyr, but rather the Holy Wisdom of God in the tradition of Hagia Sophia of Constantinople.
Located on Jevrejska Street, in the city center, the synagogue has been recognized as a historic landmark.
The synagogue was fire-bombed and its windows smashed in 1960, during a Friday night service.
The arcades of the mosque on the eastern and western sides enclosed this central courtyard.
In 2008 Channel 4's archaeology series Time Team visited the island to carry out an investigation into its early Christian history.
St. Michael's Church in Ashton-under-Lyne, Greater Manchester, is a Grade I Listed Building.
It is officially Orthodox, but welcomes all Jews regardless of their level of observance.
The original, conical shape of the towers was restored only in 1991.
It was located on the site of what is now Yeghishe Charents School on Amiryan Street, Yerevan.
There is a small Russian Orthodox church next to St. Mark's.
The Petrus en Pauluskerk is a church in Loppersum, Netherlands.
The Chief Imam of the Pujehun Central Mosque is Sheik Alhaji Ahmed Jalloh.
Acerra Cathedral is a Roman Catholic cathedral in the town of Acerra in Campania, southern Italy, dedicated to the Assumption of the Virgin Mary.
The Hadim Ibrahim Pasha Mosque is a 16th-century Ottoman mosque located in the Silivrikapi neighborhood of Istanbul, Turkey.
Nice Cathedral is a Roman Catholic church located in the old town of Nice in southern France.
Al-Azhar University has long been regarded as the foremost institution in the Islamic world for the study of Sunni theology and sharia, or Islamic law.
This Building has also served as the Jamia Ahmadiyya for North America from 2003 - 2010.
From this rough dwelling Fillan is said to have converted the local Pictish population.
Its decorations are simple, featuring a stripe of rhombic shapes around the minaret, in which the names of Mohammad and Ali are repeated.
It is situated in the Vieux Lyon, in the Saint-Paul quarter, in the 5th arrondissement of Lyon.
In 1923, a school building consisting of four classrooms was erected adjacent to the church for purposes of religious and cultural instruction.
St. Peter's Kierch was used regularly until 1879 when a large church was completed.
Pope Pius IX are also buried at the Basilica, which is the center of a large and ancient burial complex.
It was built to house some of the remains of Saint George who was known as the "Slayer of Dragons".
Bologna Cathedral, dedicated to Saint Peter, is the cathedral of Bologna in Italy, and the seat and the metropolitan cathedral of the Archbishop of Bologna.
The construction was carried out by Abdullah Mirza Dara who was one of the children of Fat'h ‘Alī Shāh Qājār.
Trinity Episcopal Church, now known as Trinity Episcopal Cathedral, is the first Episcopal and the oldest surviving sanctuary in Columbia, South Carolina.
It is surrounded with two churches and a small park.
The mission San Juan was named after Saint John of Capestrano.
The Gothic Ludwig choir was built between 1316 and 1328, and used as a mausoleum in the 14th and 15th centuries.
The house stood one mile south-west of the village and was demolished in 1972, the rubble used to fill the lake in the extensive gardens.
Saint Joseph's Oratory of Mount Royal is a Roman Catholic minor basilica and national shrine on Westmount Summit in Montreal, Quebec.
Since then, it has been destroyed by foreign invaders and reconstructed several times.
Church of Saint Anne is a Roman Catholic church in the quarter of Castelletto of Genoa, Liguria, north-western Italy.
The farmhouse also has evidence in its walls of having the original stones from the priory used in its construction.
The rosette is also a distinctive pagan symbol representing the sun or the moon, symbolizing the eternal cycle of life, death, and rebirth.
The clapboard building was originally a furniture store, before it was converted to a synagogue in 1948.
The first resident Catholic priest came to Columbia in 1820.
It was built by Ottoman architect Mimar Sinan under the order of Kazasker Mehmet Vusuli Efendi, Chief Judge of Istanbul.
Mecca Masjid, also Makkah Masjid, is one of the oldest mosques in Hyderabad, Telangana in India, and it is one of the largest masajids in India.
The oldest Jain temple constructed in 1121 by the Chaulukya king Kumarapala, under the advice of his teacher, Acharya Hemachandra.
Basilica of St. Donatian and St. Rogatian is a Roman Catholic minor basilica in Nantes, France.
Dedicated during services for Rosh Hashanah on September 19, 1884, the Reform synagogue served an interesting group of Jewish pioneers.
The entrance façade is dominated by a white parabola, decorated with four rows of unusually shaped windows resembling stretched animal skins arranged vertically.
The Mouansa Synagogue is located in the village of Mouansa, located just west of Zarzis, Tunisia.
The Friday Khutbah is given in three languages, in Arabic, Albanian and Bosnian language.
The original pair was broken by a storm in 1997.
Nielo Cantilado, SVD and he holds office at the provincialate in Tayuman, Manila.
As of 2011, Temple Israel was the only Reform synagogue in Tulsa.
Grestain Abbey was an 11th-Century Benedictine monastery near the town of Fatouville-Grestain, which is located in the modern-day Eure département of Upper Normandy, France.
The new baby showed the signs of a born Hafiz and so came to be known as Zinda Pir from his very infancy.
over the nude body of a female acting as the 'Satanic Altar'.
Although there is no historical evidence to support that claim, the chapel can be considered a fine example of early Spanish colonial architecture.
It contains a stone traditionally identified as the one which Jesus used to mount the donkey at the start of his procession into Jerusalem.
A similar church, the 1737 Böhmische Bethlehems-Kirche was also nearby.
Wat Pa Maha Chedi Kaew, also known as the Temple of a Million Bottles, is a Buddhist temple in Khun Han district of Sisaket province, Thailand.
The Pátio do Colégio marks the site where the city was founded in 1554.
The mosque was partially burned in the morning of December 23, 2004.
It is said that Adrian's monks undertook the first harbour improvements, laying the foundation for the fishing industry, but no evidence for this currently exists.
It is the oldest established church of any denomination in the city.
The Duomo of Monza often known in English as Monza Cathedral is the main religious building of Monza, near Milan, in northern Italy.
St. Mary Magdalene Church of Kawit, also known as Kawit Church is the parish church of the municipality of Kawit, Cavite in the Philippines.
The mosque can hold around 3500 worshipers.
New Mosque is a Sunni Muslim Mosque in Kumanovo, Macedonia.
JCSC played a major role in founding of JAINA, the umbrella Jain body of North America by hosting the first Jain convention in 1981.
Petra Jaya State Mosque is a new state mosque of Sarawak, located in Petra Jaya, Kuching, Sarawak, Malaysia.
The history of the manor of Lewisham dates back to the middle of the 10th century, when it was granted to St Peter's Abbey in Ghent.
The priory was founded in about 1065 as a cell of St Benet's Abbey at Hulme in Norfolk.
It has the capacity to accommodate over 1,500 worshipers at a time.
This church should not be confused with the church Santissimo Nome di Maria in Via Latina in south-east Rome.
The synagogue building it constructed on Teutonia Avenue in 1925, and sold in 1959, was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1992.
North Hykeham Priory was a priory in Lincolnshire, England.
The main building was designed by Cesar Castellani and the tower was designed by Fr.
Dendrochronological dating of some of the logs in the church, however, indicates that the church was built around 1216.
Haliwell or Holywell Priory was a religious house in Shoreditch, formerly in the historic county of Middlesex and now in the London Borough of Hackney.
The Basilica de la Soledad is part of the Historic Center of Oaxaca City, which was declared World Heritage Site by UNESCO in 1987.
It was completed in 1987 and officially opened in 1989.
The death of an incumbent bishop who spearheaded the construction/reconstruction and vacancies in the office were also factors.
Nestled in the Bambak mountains, Kecharis was founded by a Pahlavuni prince in the 11th century, and construction continued until the middle of the 13th century.
This building has served as a place of worship for Muslims for over a decade.
Now in ruins, it is located at the edge of the city of Vagharshapat in Armavir Province of Armenia.
The mosque is situated in the old part of the city and was constructed in 13th century during the Ilkhanate era.
Healaugh was disposed of around this time.
Baybars prayed for victory before retaking Arsuf from the crusaders.
You can visit the church and the adjoining convent of the Carmelites in Piazza Libertà.
Church of the Holy Mother of God, is a 19th-century church in Vanadzor, Armenia.
It was built by Nuradin-Beg from Ulcinj in 1749.
Part of the porter's lodge still remains and forms part of a modern farm-house, in the modern parish of Stixwould and Woodhall.
The Fatima Khatun Mosque is the main mosque of the Palestinian city of Jenin in the northern West Bank.
The synagogue was built in a style evoking ancient Egyptian temples, and was once the largest building on the boulevard.
The Reykjavík Mosque is a Sunni mosque and gathering area for Muslims in Iceland.
During his reign he built many great monuments, many of which remain in ruins.
Congregation Ner Tamid is a Conservative Synagogue in Rancho Palos Verdes, California.
Bradbury Cell was a monastery in County Durham, England.
Saint George's Church is a 13th-century Armenian church in the old city of Tbilisi, Georgia's capital.
It was established in the 1150s and was dissolved in 1536.
It is a landmark in the city of Galle, Sri Lanka.
The synagogue had 51 members in 1907 and was located at East 11th and Trinity.
However, the name Zoravor was added because the church was home to the 13th century bible of Zoravor.
Major repair was carried out in 1924, under the leadership of architect Arnstein Arneberg, who later conducted extensive renovation of the Hamar Cathedral.
It is named after Miqdad ibn Aswad, one of the early Muslims.
The Imam Mahdi Islamic Education Center of Baltimore is a mosque and Islamic education center in Baltimore County, Maryland, United States.
Sør-Fron Church is a parish church at Hundorp in Sør-Fron municipality, Norway.
The church contains the mural of The Last Supper by Leonardo da Vinci, which is in the refectory of the convent.
The Naval Academy Chapel is a focal point of the Academy and the city of Annapolis.
Vankasar Church, is a 7th-century Armenian church located in the Martakert Region of Nagorno-Karabakh Republic.
Only a little park with a modern statue of famous Prague writer Franz Kafka lies between it and the church of St Spirit.
Another president of Hobart, Dr. Maunsell Van Rensselaer also served as an early rector of St. Peter's Church.
The priory was founded in 1202 by Alan, son of Henry, Earl of Brittany, as a cell of the Premonstratensian abbey of Beaufort in Brittany.
It is known that hundreds of thousands of Jews lived in Asia Minor in the 1st century CE.
The former adjacent convent has multiple uses, including in 2016, the Istituti Pio X Artigianelli.
A new one has been built between 1652-1656 in the middle of the new ghetto.
St. Gayane was built by Catholicos Ezra I in the year 630.
The church was designed by Sten Hummel-Gumaelius and is made of wood.
Garnethill Synagogue is the historic 'cathedral synagogue' of Scotland.
The design includes an extra 1000 car parking spaces for "future needs."
He was successfully able to reconquer the Iranian lands that the invading Russian forces had captured during that offensive.
Due to its cultural and geographical history, the site holds a prominent religious significance to those of the Christian faith.
The official title of the church is Santa Maria Causa Nostrae Laetitiae.
Later work created the south porch and the present tower and Lady Chapel.
The doors are 31 m long and 14 m high.
It houses relics of the three Magi.
Founded in 840s as a hermitage, it soon turned into a coenobium.
Mahmood Mosque is a mosque in Kababir, Haifa, built by the Ahmadiyya Muslim community in the late 1970s.
It is located in Nabi Daniel street.
Agudas Achim was founded in 1914 by a group of Orthodox Jews who met for prayer in private homes.
The oval layout of the church at the site was rebuilt starting by Francesco da Volterra in 1592.
As of 2012 the rabbi was Amram Maccabi.
The cathedral, which was designed by architect Aldo Spirito, serves as the mother church for the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Abidjan.
The East Midwood Jewish Center has had only four rabbis since it was founded.
It was listed on the Register in 1966, among the earliest properties so recognized.
The five legendary marble temples of Dilwara are a sacred pilgrimage place of the Jains.
It once contained a Titian painting of Tobias and the Angel, which is now in Madonna dell'Orto
Wix Priory was a priory in Essex, England.
It is the church for one of the traditional parishes in Thurrock.
On the next Sunday Catholic Mayor of Georgetown, Francis Dias, called a meeting where it was decided to raise funds for a new cathedral.
San Silvestro is a church building in the sestiere of San Polo of Venice, northern Italy.
Another chapel had a Madonna and Child with St Hyacinth, by Jacopo da Empoli.
Haghartsin is a 13th-century monastery located near the town of Dilijan in the Tavush Province of Armenia.
Salisbury Black Friary was a friary in Wiltshire, England.
The first structure was replaced by a brick church that burned in the Charleston fire in 1838.
As of 2017, Cindy Enger is rabbi and the congregation's hazzan is Judith Golden.
It was served by monks from Tywardreath until the dissolution of the monasteries when the property was granted to the Duchy of Cornwall.
St.Theresa Church is a Catholic church under the jurisdiction of the Archdiocese of Madras-Mylapore in Tamil Nadu, India, in Sembiam division of Perambur, Chennai.
The church's interior is done in a combination of the Mannerist and French Gothic styles, in contrast to its exterior.
Uruguay has a strong presence of Lebanese immigrants and their offspring.
Upon his death, Ford was taken to St. Margaret's for a private prayer service, and for public repose.
It is often stated to be the biggest mosque in the Southern Hemisphere, occupying less than two-thirds of a hectare in a 10 hectares of land.
The church was elevated to the status of a minor basilica in 1921.
The complex included a Friday mosque and a madrasa for four madhhabs.
The church is dedicated to the Blessed Virgin Mary.
The Cathedral of All Saints, Albany, New York, is located on Elk Street in central Albany, New York, United States.
He used to visit the Kollur temple in Mangalore every year to pay homage to the goddess.
Clattercote Priory was a Gilbertine priory in Oxfordshire, England.
It is the largest Buddhist temple in Taipei.
Ankerwycke Priory was a priory of Benedictine nuns in Buckinghamshire, England.
The building is located behind the Ālī Qāpū palace.
The mosque itself was constructed in 1578-1580.
The current church building dates from 1883 and the parsonage from 1894.
Formerly the episcopal seat of the diocese of Lipari, it has been since 1986 a co-cathedral in the Archdiocese of Messina-Lipari-Santa Lucia del Mela.
By 1303 the cell had become so unprofitable it was sold to the abbot and convent of Kirkstead.
Team of priests in solidum moderator, Msgr.
Iglesia San Miguel Arcángel is a Roman Catholic parish church located in Cabo Rojo, Puerto Rico.
The Ognissanti is a Baroque style, Roman Catholic church located on Corso Vittorio Emanuele in Mantua, Lombardy, Italy.
As of 2012 he was the rabbi, and the president was Marc Penansky.
The Defterdar Mosque, or in long form the Defterdar Mahmut Efendi Mosque, is a historical mosque located in Eyüp, Istanbul, Turkey.
It was among the largest and the most prestigious synagogues in Croatia.
The roza was constructed in 1457 in solid bricks similar to Dariya Khan's Tomb.
The current Superior-General of the SVD is Rev.
This 15th/16th century three-domed mosque also presents an excellent example of great architectural achievements of the Sultanate of Bengal.
The old hospital was demolished in 1880.
Along with the statue, the area has a complex of eleven temples.
It is a basilica type church with 8 free-standing interior columns forming an arcade, surrounding a central area with a raised roof.
Prince George Winyah and Churchyard was named to the National Register of Historic Places on May 6, 1971.
Notre-Dame de la Garde, a Catholic basilica in Marseille, France, is the city's best-known symbol.
Hooglandse Kerk is a Gothic church in Leiden dating from the fifteenth century.
It was included in the Guinness World Records as world's "longest non-stop double track cable car."
In 1684, the church roof was damaged by the naval bombardment of the city.
The building that exists today was complete in 1616.
Located near the Mekong River Delta, the Văn Thánh Miếu of Cao Lãnh has a culture of worshiping Confucius, for nearly 150 years ago.
One floor of the building is dedicated to women only.
The dome is supported by 8 large concrete columns covered with stone.
Designed by Galeazzo Alessi, it is a small church with a nave with barrel vault, finishing in a square-plan presbytery.
It was first built in 1967, and finished in 1969 by a group of both Chinese and non-Chinese Muslims.
The building was completed around the year 1405.
Kassegaran school is a historical school in Isfahan, Iran.
Around 1732 Italian architect Nicolau Nasoni added an elegant Baroque loggia to the lateral façade of the Cathedral.
The Priory of St James was founded in 1146 by Baldwin de Redvers, the 1st Earl of Devon, a kinsman of the Dukes of Normandy.
The synagogue was established by a dozen families in 1943 to serve the growing central Queens Jewish community.
A foundation stone for a new synagogue was laid in November 1991, and the first service at Hull Reform Synagogue was held in February 1992.
This location was near the site where the palace complex was before annihilated by the colonial Dutch.
Torksey Priory was a priory in Lincolnshire, England.
In 1438 the Bishop Alnwick made a visitation and recorded that this priory was in worse condition than any other in the County.
It is the state and royal mosque of Perlis.
It is one of the few surviving examples of the small, wooden synagogues that were built by pioneers on the Canadian and American prairie.
The pediment of the entrance has a marble relief depicting "The Martyrization of the Saints" by Francesco Penso, known as "il Cabianca".
The first bishop was the Most Reverend Neil N. Savaryn, appointed "Bishop Ordinary for the Apostolic Exarchate of Edmonton serving Alberta and British Columbia".
Jakob Schlesinger, a wealthy wholesaler and the owner of the steam mill in Vinkovci, gave the largest financial contribution to the construction.
It stands on the north side of Piazza del Popolo, one of the most famous squares in the city.
They included a yeshiva, two additional halls of prayer and offices.
In 1397 it was granted to the Carthusian priory of Priory of St. Anne, Coventry.
The Holy Transfiguration Cathedral of the complex is the largest Armenian church building outside Armenia.
It is the fourth largest mosque in Africa and the largest in Sub-Saharan Africa.
The present building is a mix of architectural styles, with an 18th-century nave and dome and a severe, 19th-century Neoclassical façade without towers.
It is the only mosque in Malaysia which is located in a shopping complex.
The church was built by the Greek Catholic community between 1871 and 1873.
Farewell Priory was a Benedictine nunnery near Lichfield in Staffordshire, England.
In 1973, the church was listed under the monument protection act.
Finds included burials dating from the mid-7th century, the time of King Anna.
Rising higher between the Catholic Cathedral a few blocks away and the Caracas Synagogue, the minaret is the highest in the Americas.
Established on April 30, 1975, it was on May 11, 1975, that Fr.
The grave of Imam Husayn is enclosed within a metal-mesh like structure, found directly beneath the golden dome.
The church is located in central Rome behind the Forum of Augustus.
The wooden statues of the titular saints at the altar, were produced by Giuseppe Rungaldier.
The Basilica Shrine of St. Mary is a Minor Basilica in the Catholic Church located in Wilmington, North Carolina, in the Diocese of Raleigh.
Built between 1552 and 1564, and designed by the famous Turkish architect Mimar Sinan.
Its interior includes stained glass by Louis Comfort Tiffany's company, and an extensive M.P.
Al-Azhar Mosque is an Egyptian mosque in Islamic Cairo.
It was one of the city's most prominent public buildings, as well as one of the most esteemed examples of synagogue architecture in the region.
The church, designed by engineer Giuseppe Gualandi, is sometimes referred as the little Milan Cathedral, due to its rich neogothic style.
Located close to the mediaeval Ticino gate, it is one of the oldest churches in Milan.
Congregation Beth El is a synagogue located in Bethesda, Maryland.
The church contains paintings by Pier Francesco Foschi, Alessandro Allori, and Lorenzo di Bicci.
Founded in 1898 and formally incorporated in 1905 as an Orthodox synagogue, it hired its first rabbi in 1916, and joined the Conservative movement in 1931.
During this restoration a surrounding wall was built.
Mishkal Mosque is a medieval mosque located in Calicut in the Indian state of Kerala.
St. John's Metropolitan Community Church is a Christian church catering to the LGBT population in Raleigh, North Carolina, United States.
As of 2015, Kramer was the rabbi and Joy Blondheim was the president.
Previously it held Berlin National Gallery's collection of nineteenth-century German sculpture, showing works of Johann Gottfried Schadow, Karl Friedrich Schinkel and Christian Daniel Rauch, among others.
It is part of the Champaner-Pavagadh Archaeological Park, a UNESCO World Heritage Site.
In 1910, the building of nearby First Congregational Church burnt down.
The Nunnery of Saint Augustine, a nunnery of Augustinian Canonesses founded circa 968
Adath Israel Congregation is a Conservative synagogue located at 37 Southbourne Avenue in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.
The stone roof of the central aisle is supported by flying buttresses, making the building one of the first in Portugal to use this architectonic feature.
His successor, Rabbi Jacob Phillip Rudin, served for four decades.
Cambridge Blackfriars is a priory in Cambridgeshire, England.
The construction started in 1857, with design of the Catalan master Antonio Fongivell.
The Great Mosque of Aleppo or the Umayyad Mosque of Aleppo is the largest and one of the oldest mosques in the city of Aleppo, Syria.
He had kept his corpse hanging on the city gate until he received 50,000 kurush which he had permitted he body to be buried."
Temple Beth Israel is a Reform synagogue located at 2090 Hollywood Drive in York, Pennsylvania.
Due to its location, it is also informally known as Mahim Church.
Arakelots Monastery is a 13th-century monastery about 3 kilometres southwest of the village of Kirants in the Tavush Province of Armenia.
This unique procession blended with Bhakti reveals the greatness of Ayyappaguru temple.
Vinkovci Synagogue had a longitudinal construction with a rectangular shape.
The Synagogue is noted for the unique arrangement of the Torah ark and the panoramic view of the Old City from a huge window.
It was the church of the Archdiocese of Medellín from 1868 to 1931, when this title passed to the Cathedral Basilica of the Immaculate Conception.
It was adjacent to a Benedictine Monastery.
On 13 January 1991, the new edifice was dedicated.
It was built in 1925-27 and was designed by Sydney Daub and is now the only Romaniote rite synagogue in the Western Hemisphere.
The synagogue, along with the campus, is closed on the Jewish sabbath and on Jewish holidays.
It is a brick Gothic Revival structure designed and built in 1871 by Charles Babcock, a former partner of Richard Upjohn.
The Basilica of Our Lady of Tongre is a Roman Catholic parish church and Minor basilica in Tongre-Notre-Dame, Chièvres, Wallonia, Belgium.
Al-Masjid an-Nabawī is a mosque established and originally built by the Islamic prophet Muhammad, situated in the city of Medina in Saudi Arabia.
After 1356, the church was affiliated with the Augustinian order, housed in an adjacent convent.
It operates under the direct supervision of the Mother See of Holy Etchmiadzin.
However, lack of maintenance in the twentieth century caused the building to deteriorate gradually.
The Zal Mahmud Pasha Mosque is an old Ottoman mosque located near the Eyüp Sultan Mosque in the Eyüp district of Istanbul, Turkey.
With a growing membership of 200 families, Beth Israel was the largest Jewish congregation in the state.
Synagogues emulating its design are to be found as far afield as Sydney, Australia.
Ar-Rahman Mosque is a contemporary mosque in Aleppo, Syria, located on King Faisal Street.
The mosque opened ten years later, in 1995, the same year as the Évry Cathedral.
In 1994, John Paul II designated it as a cardinal's titular church, and the current Cardinal-Priest is Cardinal Jaime Lucas Ortega y Alamino, Archbishop of Havana.
Morača Monastery is a Serbian Orthodox monastery located in the valley of the Morača River in Kolašin, central Montenegro.
And they were very happy and blessed the Great G-d, who had done wondrous things, Amen, May it be His Will.
Kountze Memorial Lutheran Church is located at 2650 Farnam Street in Midtown Omaha, Nebraska.
Bassac Abbey is an 11th-century Romanesque style abbey in Bassac, Charente and part of the Ancient Diocese of Saintes .
It contains the Kerqa, a cloak believed to have been worn by the Islamic prophet Muhammad.
St George's Church, Portobello, was a Church of England church in the City of Sheffield, England.
The congregation splintered in 1892 when the more orthodox members created Knesseth Israel.
In 1939 the cottages were endowed to the National Trust by a group of women philanthropists called Ferguson’s Gang.
According to tradition, Gregory the Illuminator founded the monastery to house relics of several apostles.
The Sanctuary of the Santo Hermano Pedro is a pilgrimage temple located in the town of Vilaflor, south of the island of Tenerife.
The mosque was commissioned by Khadi Nasrullah, a judge of the Ottoman Empire.
Currently, the sanctuary and offices are used by Vintage Church and Sunday services are held by Vintage Church Downtown.
Its main entrance faces south along Calle Daliz and is bounded by Calle Rizal on the west and Quezon Avenue on the east.
Plans were drawn up for the replacement of the cathedral in the 1920s with a larger Perpendicular Gothic edifice.
The Puning Temple was modeled after the Samye Monastery, the sacred Lamaist site in Tibet.
Shortly after construction, a memorial service was held for Alexander Hamilton.
Led initially by cantors, in 1858 it hired its first rabbi, Jacob Peres, and leased its first building, which it renovated and eventually purchased.
The Kashveti church was constructed between 1904 and 1910 by the architect Leopold Bilfeldt, who based his design on the medieval Samtavisi Cathedral.
The mosque is divided into three sections and has a square-based minaret, which has inscription dated to 555 AH according to the Islamic calendar.
Today, al-Azhar remains a deeply influential institution in Egyptian society that is highly revered in the Sunni Muslim world and a symbol of Islamic Egypt.
Sacred Heart Cathedral is a former cathedral church located in Amarillo, Texas, United States.
The Angel Orensanz Center is located at 172 Norfolk Street in the Lower East Side of Manhattan, New York.
It is one of the earliest and most complete survivals of Visigothic architecture, founded in the 7th century.
It is dedicated to the Archangel Michael.
The church is a Gothic Revival structure and has a towering steeple, flanking spires, and an assortment of stained glass.
It was the Recanati family who donated the money for the synagogue.
However, the chapel of Gethsemane had a shape of single-nave basilica with no dome.
Kendal Parish Church, dedicated to the Holy Trinity, is the Anglican parish church of Kendal, Cumbria, England.
These artworks have been removed and are not on display since.
In 1616-1617, under Fabio Mangone further reconstruction occurred with addition of a chancel to the main chapel.
It is a Romanesque building located in the Piazza del Risorgimento, better known as Piazza Duomo, amidst cobbled streets.
The Math is headed by Bhattaraka Dhavalakeerthi.
It is situated on the Marketway next to the Cascades Shopping Centre.
The original church was an Augustinians doctrina de indios that was secularized by the Archbishop in the 1750.
The Grote Kerk or Onze-Lieve-Vrouwekerk is the most important monument and a landmark of Breda.
In 1955, the school became affiliated with the United Talmud Torahs of Montreal and is now rented as a day care center.
It used to be the main Friday prayer mosque in the capital of Crimean Khanate.
Korpilahti Church is a Lutheran church in Jyväskylä, Central Finland; the former municipality of Korpilahti was incorporated into Greater Jyväskylä in 2008.
The concept of a new synagogue building was suggested by H.A Friedman and M.I.
The pulpit was made of marble – pure, white and polished, with 7 marble steps leading up to it.
In the extension of the churchyard are the war graves of two First World War soldiers, and an airman from the Second World War.
The entrance to the mosque is reached by stairs.
The idea to realize the Statue was the Count Stefano Rivetti of Valcervo’s, who was also the promoter and financier of the project execution.
The stand-alone minaret in the form of a quadratic prism is ereceted on four massive stone columns.
The church and its site were purchased by Henry Clay Frick.
Sutan Murat II Mosque is the biggest mosque in Rožaje and the biggest mosque in Montenegro.
The Church of Saint Francis of Assisi in Acilia is a Roman Catholic titular church in Rome, built as a parish church.
Ocle Priory was a priory near Ocle Pychard in Herefordshire, England at grid reference SO577464.
By order of 2 May 2007, the whole church was included in the supplementary inventory of monuments historiques.
Prince Franz Joseph II of Liechtenstein and his wife Countess Georgina von Wilczek were both buried in the cathedral in 1989.
The current church is neoclassical and was built by the architect Étienne-Hippolyte Godde between 1823 and 1830.
[1] The cathedral is located in St. Paul, Alberta on Alberta Highway 29 near downtown.
The South Carolina Department of Archives and History has additional pictures and information.
The interior contains frescoes of the Madonna and child and a wooden crucifix, both from the 14th century.
The New Synagogue is the only synagogue of the Jewish community in Düsseldorf, Germany.
It was partially damaged in the 1963 earthquake and reconstructed in 1967.
The church was returned again to the Jesuits in 1989.
It was replaced with a new, larger shrine in 1802, which in turn was extended and connected to the opposite side of canyon with a bridge.
In the 15th century it was one of the largest and most magnificent mosques in the Islamic world.
The mosque was named after the late 24th and fourth Sultan of Johor, Almarhum Sultan Iskandar ibni Almarhum Sultan Ismail.
The chapel is an important feature which led to the Academy being designated a National Historic Landmark in 1961.
Tyrolean artist John Kerle decorated the vaults of the church with the seventeen compositions in 1898.
The oldest parts of the shrine date from the 15th century, shortly before the Safavid period.
Illustrations of the 17th century suggest that the fire and probable blow up was caused by Christian artillery in the course of the Christian conquest.
This mosque is well known for being the one that the heavyweight boxer Muhammad Ali prayed within once.
The building is still standing today in its original location, alongside the schoolhouse building which was constructed in 1923.
The construction date of the church remains unknown but documents detailing the church property suggest that it was built before the year 1447.
It was designed by Joseph William Power, architect in 1910.
The priory of St Mary at Stainfield was the only nunnery of the Benedictine order in Lincolnshire.
It is the seat of the Syriac Orthodox archbishopric.
The title was inherited by Baldwin's son and heir, Richard, who married Dionysia, daughter of Reginald de Dunstanville.
During the French Revolution it was used as a Temple of Abundance, and badly defaced.
In 2014, the former abbey was listed as a UNESCO World Heritage Site.
Every year thousands of pilgrims flock to the Basilica on the day of the Assumption of the Blessed Virgin Mary on 15 August.
The Iglesia de San Bartolomé de Barva is a church in Barva, Costa Rica.
After her death in 1437 the priory was assigned to the collegiate church of Southwell.
As the main shrine of religious Christian Armenians worldwide, Etchmiadzin has been an important location in Armenia not only religiously, but also politically and culturally.
The Cathedral Church of St. Luke and St. Paul is located in Charleston on Coming Street, in the heart of the College of Charleston campus.
The Fuyou Road Mosque, also known as the North Mosque, is a mosque in Huangpu District, Shanghai, China.
The cathedral is 53.10m long and 25.40m wide in the centre, the dome 24.70m high and 15m in diameter, while the spires are 43m high.
The main room with glasswork was built in 1886 by Bholanath Singhai, who also helped initiate the first two Hitkarini Sabha schools.
Bojan Aleksandrović initially tried to seek building permission, approaching Negotin council in November 2003.
The Holy Mother of God Church of Voskepar, is a 7th-century Armenian church in Voskepar, Armenia, adjacent to the border with Azerbaijan.
The foundation stone was laid in 1857 and the church was dedicated on 26 July 1859.
It was declared a Spanish national monument in June 1931.
Its interior is decorated with paintings on religious themes.
Guyulug Mosque was one of the seventeen mosques functioning in Shusha by the end of the 19th century.
He engaged Ukrainian-Canadian architect George Kodak, who took inspiration from St Andrew's Church, Kiev.
Parishioners come from Sacramento, Folsom, El Dorado Hills and the Placerville area.
Sultan Suriansyah Mosque is the oldest mosque in South Kalimantan.
May 17, 1990, the church burned down again.
A thorough renovation of the cathedral began in 2010, including technical and conservation measures.
It evokes Byzantine churches because of its architectural style and materials that were used in its construction.
Primarily in the late Victorian Gothic architectural style, its complex massing and decoration include elements of other contemporary modes such as Romanesque Revival.
The interior of the prayer hall is sheltered beneath three low, fluted domes and is eloquently painted with floral and geometric designs.
The Interior contains canvases by Cossali, Alessandro Maganza, and Giovanni Battista Pittoni.
The first restoration of the site was completed by 1204.
It has a number of features dating to the 13th and 15th centuries, including an unusual 13th century tower.
Dealu Monastery is a 15th-century monastery in Dâmboviţa County, Romania, located 6 km north of Târgovişte.
The church was built by Viennese architects Anton Erhard Martinelli and Johann Baptist Martinelli, being completed in 1749.
The Church of the Holy Transfiguration is a Serbian Orthodox church in Novo Sarajevo, Sarajevo, Bosnia and Herzegovina.
According to the church's leader, "The outside is exactly the same as that which was built in Jerusalem", but with increased dimensions.
Saint Karapet is a cupola hall type structure, with a sacristy in each of the four corners.
The architects were Edmund Beckett Denison and W. H. Crossland.
The lower level of the sanctuary has three sides of seating facing the centre.
The Nuestra Señora de Gracia Parish Church is a Roman Catholic church in the town of Palomas, Badajoz, Extremadura, western Spain.
The baptistery contains a bronze bas-relief by António Teixeira Lopes, depicting the baptism of Christ by John the Baptist.
The dedication is to the Assumption of the Virgin Mary.
The mosque is also known by several other names, such as Jami' al-Kutubiyah, Kotoubia Mosque, Kutubiya Mosque, Kutubiyyin Mosque, and Mosque of the Booksellers.
Founded in 1933, it is affiliated with the United Synagogue of Conservative Judaism, and is a Conservative synagogue in Port Washington.
It is now known as the Sculpture Museum.
The congregation meets regularly for Friday night services which combine Hebrew language liturgy with musical instruments and singing.
The Dobrilovina Monastery is a Serbian Orthodox monastery in Donja Dobrilovina, Mojkovac, northern Montenegro.
Sucevița Monastery is an Eastern Orthodox convent situated in the Northeastern part of Romania.
Thoby Priory was a priory in Essex, England.
Throughout its history, has undergone several reconstructions, expansion and restoration.
It was built in 1870 in the Moorish Revival style.
After the war ended, the citizens of Connecticut Farms rebuilt their town and its church in 1782.
In these ledgers, a circumcision was recorded in 1963 and several weddings in 1963-64.
The Lhasa Great Mosque, also known as Hebalin Mosque, is a mosque in Lhasa, Tibet Autonomous Region, China.
The church is a contributing property in the Barrio De Analco Historic District, which is a U.S. National Historic Landmark.
It was consecrated after the end of World War I in 1919.
The Taluksangay Mosque was built by Hadji Abdullah Maas Nuno in 1885 in the Barangay Taluksangay, Zamboanga, the Philippines.
Jameh Mosque of Ashtarjan is a mosque in Ashtarjan, Iran, located 36 kilometers south-west of Isfahan.
It was built in 1901–1902, designed by Eduard Koch.
Sierra Leone's presidents have traditionally made occasional visit to the mosque and attend Muslim prayers, regardles of their religion.
This is the new Church, as there is an older church by the same name nearby.
The Temple Beth-El is a Jewish synagogue in Casablanca, Morocco.
Wellow Abbey was an abbey in Lincolnshire, England.
Christ Church is a Protestant-Anglican church located in the town of Nazareth, Israel.
Late Austrian Baroque in style, Jesus Church was constructed between 1709 1710 and between 1750 the bell tower was built .
Other works inside are attributed to Francesco Maria Richini and Carlo Bellosio.
The domed tower is technically not part of the church, there is no access between church and tower, and both buildings have different proprietors.
The spire of light is lit regularly on Fridays, Saturdays, and Sundays; has extended hours on holidays; and remains dark on the two days before Easter.
It has its own story based on real events.
San Barnaba is a Roman Catholic church located at the intersection of Via Giovanni Chiassi and Via Carlo Poma in Mantua.
The Nur-Astana Mosque, is a mosque located in the city of Astana, the capital of Kazakhstan.
Kaunas Synagogue is one of two operating choral synagogues in Lithuania.
Founded in 1907, the congregation moved into its present edifice in 1910.
It was moved to its present location and expanded slightly in 1826.
Kakrail Mosque is a mosque located near Ramna Park, Dhaka, Bangladesh.
Shri 1008 Shantinath Digambar Jain Mandir is located in Indapur, District Pune in Maharashtra.
The building's main entrance is at 135 Bennett Avenue at the corner of W. 187th Street, and it spans the entire block to Broadway.
Its six buildings and cemetery are on a 15-acre lot on South Broadway just south of the village center.
Since it was modeled after the Potala palace, the temple represents a fusion of Chinese and Tibetan architectural styles.
26 July 1551: Queen Isabella of Hungary gives the Hungarian Crown to General Castaldo, the deputy of Ferdinand I., and cedes with that Hungary and Transylvania
It hired its first full-time rabbi, Maurice Moskowitz, in 1929; he served until 1934.
The Baitul Hamd is a mosque in Mississauga, Ontario west of Toronto run by the Ahmadiyya Muslim Community in Canada.
It is the first of two mosques built by Mihrimah Sultan, daughter of Sultan Suleiman the Magnificent and wife of Grand Vizier Rüstem Pasha.
This church is a unique indirect form of Romano-Gothic style.
The Dome of the Rock is in its core one of the oldest extant works of Islamic architecture.
The cathedral includes the adjoining 9th-century Basilica of the Crucifix.
Tickhill Friary was a friary in South Yorkshire, England.
It is commonly referred to as the Vank, which means "monastery" or "convent" in the Armenian language.
The church is often referred to as the Star of the Sea, after the church's main devotion, Our Lady, Star of the Sea.
The İzmir Municipality and the High Council for Historic Monuments carried out a restoration in 2002
The mosque is named after Sheikh Matar as it is believed that the mosque's estate covering 600 m2 contains the grave of the sheikh.
Constructed in 1567, it is one of seven synagogues of the Malabar Yehudan or Yehudan Mappila people or Cochin Jewish community in the Kingdom of Cochin.
It is the home parish of different chapels: the Holy Family Chapel and the two chapels of Crame, Immaculate Conception and Sacred Heart.
A bronze colonnade erected by Abdul Hamid II in Marjeh Square of Damascus, Syria bears a replica statue of the Yıldız Mosque on top.
Georgian officials deny that it was blown up, and ascribed its destruction to the intensity of an earthquake that had struck Tbilisi a day before.
Its roots lie in the historical presence of the Belgian Capuchins in Pakistan.
Ezras Izrael Synagogue, also known as the Wołyńska Shul, was a synagogue in Łódź, Poland located at ul.
Baro Shona Masjid also known as Baroduari, is located in Gour, India.
The name arises from a devotional chapel which was found along the route to the Basilica of Nuestra Señora de Atocha, founded in 1541.
Pridvorica is on the 28th kilometer of road from Ivanjica to Studenica.
The Basilica of St. Thérèse of Lisieux is a Roman Catholic church and minor basilica dedicated to Saint Thérèse of Lisieux.
Funtak turned to classicism when choosing styles for the Vinkovci Synagogue.
It is the seat of the Bishop of Châlons and was consecrated in 1147 October 26, by Pope Eugene III.
The mosque is a single-dome, quadratic-plan building having stone masonry walls alternating with brick.
At the dissolution of the monasteries the church and chapter house range were pulled down but the domestic buildings were left intact.
It is located at Kampung Ladang, Kuala Terengganu.
The church was rebuilt in the 14th century and together with the dormitory, refectory and cellarer's range formed a square surrounding the cloisters.
The Church of Saint Frumentius ai Prati Fiscali is a Roman Catholic titular church in Rome, built as a parish church.
In 1934 Albert Einstein, the Nobel Prize winning physicist, accepted an honorary membership in Keneseth Israel.
It was founded by Nahmanides in 1267, to service the local Jewish community, which would expand due to its presence.
OF the original gardens and cloisters, only one of the latter has survived.
Zhinan Temple is a Taoist temple on the slopes of Houshan in Muzha, a suburb of Taipei, Taiwan.
The synagogue is closely affiliated with the Ramaz School.
The main church building was constructed in 1826 in the Federal style.
It was built at Wyke, a lost placename that was located just north of the town between the Radcot Road and Grove Wood.
In 1064, following the Seljuk conquest of Ani, the cathedral was converted into a mosque.
On 21 September 2014, the memorial complex was blown up, reportedly by members of Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant.
Martvili Monastery is a Georgian monastic complex located in the village of Martvili in the Martvili District of the Samegrelo-Zemo Svaneti Province of Georgia.
St. John Apostle and Evangelist is a Roman Catholic Asturian pre-Romanesque church situated in Santianes de Pravia, northern Spain.
The church engages in missionary work to countries across the globe.
Shrine of Baha'al-Halim is the shrine of Baha'al-Halim, an Islamic saint.
The mosque was named in honor of local mafia boss Akhat Bragin and one of its minarets is named after Rinat Akhmetov.
Hinda - Kasba Shahi Mosque is a mosque located in Khetlal Upazila area which is under Joypurhat District, Bangladesh.
It is in the Norman-Romanesque architectural tradition.
Easton Priory was a Catholic priory of the Trinitarian Order in Wiltshire, England from 1234 to 1536.
The Sinan Pasha Mosque is an Ottoman mosque in the city of Prizren, Kosovo.
Funds for construction were solicited from throughout the Empire.
The Reformed Church is a church in Ilişua, Sălaj, Romania, completed in the 15th century.
The church of Sant'Antonio Abate is located in Parma, Italy.
A synagogue in Benghazi was built on the same model.
Mohammad ebn-e Bakran's grave is located behind the courtyard.
It is located in al-Jalloum district of the Ancient City of Aleppo, a World Heritage Site, near the entrance to al-Madina Souq.
The church belongs the Greek Orthodox Prelacy, the Diocese of Aleppo.
The Baroque church was built in 1646 at the behest of the Jesuits from funds donated by the Drugeth noble family.
Anny 11 street in the historic centre of Kraków, Poland, is one of the leading examples of Polish Baroque architecture.
Between 1873-75, Karl Lüdecke rebuilt the interior and western side in neogothic style.
Services are held on Friday evenings, on the first Saturday of each month, and also on Festivals and High Holy Days.
Nineteenth-century ministers included George Vance Smith, Brooke Herford, Thomas Hinks and John Edmondson Manning, who wrote a history of the chapel in 1900.
It ceased to function in 1539, during the dissolution of the monasteries.
The Hekhal Haness Synagogue is the largest synagogue in Geneva, Switzerland.
The church has artworks by Paolo Farinati, Francesco Torbido, Girolamo dai Libri, Antonio Balestra, and Alessandro Turchi.
In 1562 it became part of the Mark Hall estate, who sold it to a tenant after the Second World War.
Today, in place of the cathedral are ruins.
The Jingxing Road Mosque is a mosque in Yangpu District, Shanghai, China.
The large church was completed only in the middle of the 16th century.
The Catedral de San Felipe Apóstol, or in English, Cathedral of St. Philip the Apostle, is a Catholic cathedral located in Arecibo, Puerto Rico, United States.
It contains additions from the 15th and 16th centuries, as well as several wall paintings dating to the same era.
The complex houses monks of the Franciscan order.
"Although the site is now a private residence it can still be seen from the main A52.
Edmond de Rothschild was made an honorary member of the synagogue in 1966 for his contributions to its construction.
The church was included by Pope John Paul II in the pilgrimage of Seven Pilgrim Churches of Rome during the Holy Year 2000.
Opiza was reconstructed after an Arab invasion in the 8th century.
The building was designed by Leon Dobkin.
Agudas Achim Synagogue, formally known as Congregation Agudas Achim, is located on Rock Avenue in Livingston Manor, New York, United States.
The remaining sides of the al-Jawali Mosque are hewn from stone and the mosque is not visible from the outside.
It had held symbolic importance to ISIS and its leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi, as it was used in 2014 by the militants to self-declare their "caliphate".
The Church on the Hill is located just outside that village on Main Street in Nelsonville, New York, United States.
The Basilica venerates Blessed Virgin Mary, under her title Our Lady of the Pillar praised as "Mother of the Hispanic Peoples" by Pope John Paul II.
Emanuel Feldman joined as rabbi in 1952, then a newly married young graduate of Yeshivas Ner Yisroel of Baltimore, Maryland.
Congregation Gemiluth Chassodim known locally as "The Jewish Temple" is an historic Jewish synagogue located in Alexandria, Louisiana.
The remains of the original abbey have been restored and walkways constructed to allow visitors to get a close look.
After being sold in 1949, it housed churches until 2002, when the Jewish community repurchased it.
The congregation was initially made up of only ten families but grew to include 50 members by 1878.
The Spanish-Flemish Gothic altarpiece by Gil de Siloé for the Chapel of Saint Anne.
The church is a masterpiece of Byzantine art and architecture in the Western Hemisphere.
The temple appears like a fortress with numerous shikharas.
St George's was the first of three commissioners' churches to be built in Sheffield under the Church Building Act 1818.
The congregation's current building was constructed on the corner of Cherry and Spring Streets in 1902.
Monastic buildings are sheltered by a horizontal ledge and form an organic whole with the surrounding landscape.
After the capture of Yerevan by the Russians, the mosque was used as an arsenal.
It was built in the second half of the 12th century.
Built in 1889, it is located 30 miles southwest of London.
The theologian monk Robert Bale was prior of Burnham Norton for a time until his death in 1503.
The mosque with its classical Ottoman architecture was most probably designed by a pupil of Mimar Sinan.
According to Vakhushti Bagrationi, Kvetera dates back at least to 8th century AD.
The central dome positioned on second floor is supported by twelve pillars.
It was incorporated as the Roman Catholic Church of Charleston by the South Carolina General Assembly in 1791.
It is located close to the Cochin International Airport.
It should not be confused with the nearby Quraniyoon mosque of the same name which in 1990 was the site of the assassination on Rashad Khalifa.
Sant'Andrea was the first church with an elliptical dome and the first step toward the Baroque world of elliptical forms.
It was held by the Carmelites until 1995, then it was leased to the Archdiocese.
In 1951, the cathedral's bell towers were intentionally destroyed by Soviet artillery and the building itself was given to the Spartak sports society.
At the Church of Saint Alphonsus the Saturday novena services usually attract more people than the Sunday Mass services.
The wooden door of emamzadeh belongs to the 16th century.
Jama Masjid of Mathura was completed by Abd-un-Nabi, governor of Aurangzeb in 1662.The mosque of Abd-un-Nabi Khan, built 1662.
During the Reformation it became a Protestant church.
Perugia Cathedral is a Roman Catholic cathedral in Perugia, Umbria, central Italy, dedicated to Saint Lawrence.
It was built during the 9th century as a palace chapel for King Alfonso II of Asturias and the church of San Salvador of Oviedo.
Yerits Mankants monastery was built around 1691 in the historical county of Jraberd.
It is the oldest Jewish congregation in Toronto.
Other churches in the parish are San Bartolomeo and San Zulian.
The Shaarei Tzedec congregation was founded in 1902 and is one of only three Orthodox synagogues left in Downtown Toronto.
It was built in 1903 and designed by the architect John Smedberg.
This house has already been transformed into a Museum and visitors can choose to wear period costumes for reasonable fees and pose for souvenir photos.
It was built in 1923 in anticipation of the completion of the Bear Mountain Bridge and the bridge over Popolopen Creek to the south.
The Minor Basilica of St. Lawrence in Lucina is a Roman Catholic parish, titular church, and minor basilica in central Rome, Italy.
The temple is dedicated to the Virgin of Fatima.
Gornjak monastery is located in Gornjacka gorge, between Žagubica and Petrovac na Mlavi.
The Lukang Wen Wu Temple is a Wen Wu temple in Lukang Township, Changhua County, Taiwan.
There are forty-four more pillars which support the roof and arches in the façade.
Subsequently, services were conducted by a cantor or congregants.
Surb Astvatsatsin of Areni is a single-nave two-aisled domed church completed in the year 1321.
Stolp Synagogue was a synagogue in Stolp, Germany.
It was purchased in 1999 from Trinity Club House.
The Sultan Of Brunei, funded the construction of this mosque with his own personal money to help the emerging Muslim population in the Southern Philippines.
It was acquired by the University of Sheffield, and in 1994 it was converted for use as a lecture theatre and student accommodation.
It is the second oldest extant church and the 15th oldest extant building in the state of New York, renovated after an 1837 fire.
For a period the churches of San Zilio and Santa Giuliana were also subsidiaries, until they were closed.
The Hietzinger Synagogue was a synagogue in the Hietzing district of Vienna, Austria.
He blessed its fresco on the Feast of the Solemnity of the Mother of God and World Day of Peace, 1970.
Eremo di San Colombano is a monastery in Trambileno, Italy, notable for its location in the side of a mountain.
Note: "Beit Warszawa" is ambiguous, and refers to 3 different Beit Warszawa organizations operating in Poland.
Congregation B'nai Israel is a Reform Jewish synagogue located in Bridgeport, Connecticut.
The current resident Imam of the Atlanta Masjid of Al-Islam is Sulaimaan Hamed.
The church was constructed between 1873 and 1884.
The most impressive is the picture of Saint George on the horse, which is above the main entrance in the church.
Located at the foot of the Palatine Hill, Santa Maria Antiqua is the oldest Christian monument in the Roman Forum.
At present, its mother Parish, the 1733 St. Augustine Church of Baliuag, Bulacan, has 4 parishes.
Siddhachalam is the first Jain Tirtha located outside of India.
Originally, it had been on the coastline, but since the sea in front of it has been filled again, it is now surrounded by other buildings.
In about 1903-05, a new church was constructed at 10th and State streets.
It was first built in 1808 by Paschal Mudaliyar.
The Grand Mosque in Makhachkala is the main mosque of the Republic of Dagestan.
Cogges Priory was a priory in Oxfordshire, England.
It is a Reformed chapel, originally built in the 12th century in the Romanesque style.
The Knesseth Israel Jewish Synagogue, Maria Street at Shipman Street, was designed by James Augustus Ellis of the firm Ellis and Connery.
At present it is maintained and protected by the Archaeological Survey of India and the Government of West Bengal.
The Iglesia de la Inmaculada Concepción, commonly known as La Inmaculada is a church located in Heredia, Costa Rica.
By the 21st century the site was still in use as a Franciscan convent.
It is part of, along with the Fort Cavour and Umberto I and the Batteria Semaforo, the defensive positions of Palmaria.
The main hall of the temple, the Wenshu Hall dates from 966 CE.
The eleven petitioners for the original charter were Maurice Gavronski, Frank Taffel, M.S.
This order was under the patronage of the Florentine Cardinal Antonio Maria Salviati, and he commissioned the reconstruction of the church.
Parts of the Benedictine Priory of St Nicholas survive.
It was destroyed in the earthquake in 1979, and 16 years later it was renewed by the donations of the local people.
It was built between 1948-1954, in difficult times for Poland.
The building was abandoned and allowed to deteriorate during the Revolution, but it was reconsecrated in 1822 and restored by the archbishop Célestin Dupont in 1835–1842.
It became The Cathedral Church of Saint Peter and the Holy and Indivisible Trinity in Gloucester the following year.
The Church of Saint Joseph and Saint Maximilian Kolbe, popularly known as Iglesia de los Conventuales, is a Roman Catholic parish church in Montevideo, Uruguay.
Novi Sad Synagogue is one of many cultural institutions in Novi Sad, Serbia, in the capital of Serbian the province of Vojvodina.
The interior walls of the church once contained frescos that were removed and transferred to be housed the Pinacoteca di Brera in Milan.
The basement part of the edifice is built in stone masonry and the superstructure is built in brick masonry.
The building was designed in the National Romantic style by Lars Sonck, and built between 1902 and 1907.
There is a dispute about whether this cathedral or Liverpool Cathedral is the world's largest Anglican cathedral and church.
The basilica is one of Poland's official national Historic Monuments, as designated September 16, 1994 and tracked by the National Heritage Board of Poland.
The interior ceiling is decorated with frescoed lunnetes, including Stories of the Life of Christ by Cosimo Daddi.
Heaton Park Hebrew Congregation is a large Ashkenazi Orthodox synagogue located in North Manchester, United Kingdom.
This is a record of many of the major events of the Priory from its founding through to the Dissolution.
The interior has a tomb for the Mocenigo family.
It is said that it had been a part of the most important idol in that land.
The complex is located to the west of the al-Saffahiyah Mosque and of the south of Suq Khan al-Nahhaseen.
The monastery is one of the few in Serbia who have their own Coat of arms.
Hoxne Priory was a Benedictine priory at Hoxne in Suffolk, England.
Since its construction in the 14th-century, al-Sham'ah Mosque has gone through numerous repairs and restorations.
During World War II, much of the cathedral was destroyed by Allied bombings of the city.
The church is a "T" shaped brick building on a foundation of cut limestone.
The central dome of the mosque is considered to be the largest for any dome of mosque in the country.
As of 2016, Tuling was the synagogue's rabbi.
The monastery houses the tomb of Prince Shahnshah Zakarian, son of Ivane Zakarian.
The tirth is located on a hillock in kushalgarh tehsil of Banswara district.
In 1991, the building was transferred to Chabad Lubavich.
The Tongxin Great Mosque is a mosque in Tongxin County, Wuzhong City, Ningxia Hui Autonomous Region, China.
The Reformed Church is a church in Pericei, Romania, completed in 1769.
Above the altar, there is a painting of the Crucifixion by John S. Cogdell.
After falling into disrepair after World War II, the abbey was acquired by Manx National Heritage in May 1998, and restorations have now been made.
Qila-i-Kuhna Mosque is a mosque located inside the premises of Purana Qila in Delhi, the capital of India.
The monastery is listed in the National Register of Historic Monuments.
Kasunyatan Mosque is a small mosque in Kasunyatan village, Banten, Indonesia.
Ground was purchased at 38th and Chestnut Streets and within two years a church building was erected.
This temple is devoted to Guan Yu, the patron god of businessmen, and is relatively recent in origin.
The church helped establish the new suburban neighborhood, providing it with a center and focal point after the original developer went bankrupt.
The ruined remains of the rest of the priory buildings are Grade II* listed.
The statue is 34.20 metres tall, on a pedestal of 6.24 metres, for a total height of 40.44 metres.
The Church houses the city's beloved Virgin of Quito.
Most parts of the building date from around 1250-1320.
It is a stone Gothic Revival structure whose oldest sections date to the mid-19th century, with several expansions undertaken since then.
The ceremony also involved singing by the European Choir and the reading of a "Prayer for Europe."
The Chiesa di San Polo is a Catholic church in Venice, dedicated to the Apostle Paul.
Ascot Priory is a former priory in Berkshire, England, established in 1861.
Located at the base of Cetăţuia Hill, the monastery was built by Maria, the daughter of Moldavian Prince Petru Şchiopul and dedicated in 1574.
The Taiyuan Ancient Mosque is a mosque in Xinghualing District, Taiyuan City, Shanxi Province, China.
The place is known especially for its association with Saint Francis of Assisi and for the Sanctuary of La Verna, which grew up in his honour.
The Basilica of Our Lady of the Rosary and St. Benedict of Palermo is a Roman Catholic parish church in Paysandú, Uruguay.
In accordance with his wishes the sisters built the priory and established a community of Austin nuns.
This island is also spelled as Kachchatheevu or Katchatheevu.
In 1139 Baldwin Fitz Gilbert established the Benedictine Priory of Saint James at Deeping as a cell of Thorney Abbey.
The Basilica of the Immaculate Conception is a Roman Catholic church located at 74 West Main Street in Waterbury, Connecticut.
The Church of the Nativity is a basilica located in Bethlehem, in the West Bank, Palestine.
The main minaret is the mosque's tallest feature.
Aleksandrović built the church and adjoining rectory in 2004 on his private property and began using it for worship in the autumn of 2004.
The estuary of Bilbao flows next to it.
That year, the synagogue was abandoned, and it was later vandalized.
The mosque was profoundly damaged in the 1982 shelling of the city and subsequently restored to its current state.
the paint had been applied meticulously to wet walls.
The royal doors and two icons of the iconostasis, were lifted from the debris, and kept in the Monastery of the Patriarchate of Peć.
The etymology of the name Hauz Khas in Farsi is derived from the words ‘Hauz’: “water tank” and ‘Khas’:“royal”- the “Royal tank”.
Saintfield Baptist Church is an Evangelical Christian church located in Saintfield, Ballynahinch, situated in Northern Ireland, affiliated with the Association of Baptist Churches in Ireland.
It is widely considered the oldest continuously operating hotel in the world, and has also been called the "most beautiful hotel in Europe".
The cathedral-like structure, which is the fourth church/chapel of the Sisters of Providence since their arrival at Saint Mary-of-the-Woods in 1840.
The memorial complex served as church, museum, monument, archive centre and exhibition.
Stone from the priory was used to build Monmouth House in the village, and traces of its buildings may remain in the outhouses.
It was founded by William de Warenne, a royal justice.
The church belongs to the Eparchy of Raška and Prizren of the Serbian Orthodox Church and is registered as a Cultural Heritage of Serbia.
On October 14, 1932, under the direction of J.H.
The National Cathedral was built in 1969 and dedicated to the honor of the Holy Infant Jesus, Patron Saint of Tondo, Manila.
Santi Nazaro e Celso is a Romanesque-style, Roman Catholic church on the street that leads to the Porta Vescovo, in the Veronetta quartiere of Verona.
It is considered the largest spiritual center of the Armenians in Russia.
Upon dissolution, the estate was given to Henry Thompson.
There is a silver-plated shrine, and others of St Facundus and St Primitivus.
The rib-like wall above the organ has Gothic origins, while the columns supporting the galleries are Roman.
The building, which dates from 1805, replaced an earlier meeting house of 1690 what was then a small fishing village on the Sussex coast.
The facade is modern, and was completed in 1909 by Giuseppe Sicher.
The priory held 20 hides of land in 1066 and 10 hides by 1086, including land at Halford.
Masjid Malcolm Shabazz, formerly known as Mosque No.
Originally built in 1686 CE, it was renovated in the 19th century, the temple has 22 shrines, making it the largest independent Jain temple in India.
The Arba'a Rukun Mosque, also known as Arba Rucun, is a mosque in Mogadishu, Somalia.
It contains the tombs of the seventh Twelver Shī‘ī Imām Mūsā al-Kāẓim and the ninth Twelver Shī‘ī Imām Muhammad aṫ-Ṫaqī.
Turvey Abbey is located in the village of Turvey in the English county of Bedfordshire.
On 18 October 1818 the Temple was inaugurated and later twice moved to new edifices, in 1844 and 1931, respectively.
Church of St. Mary is a benedictine monastery located in Zadar, Croatia.
Having been completed in 1948 it was given to the Rogationists fathers, before being concercrated on 27 May 1965 by Cardinal Luigi Traglia.
It is situated in the middle of Võmmorski, on a crossroad south from the Piusa River.
Faisal Mosque is the mosque in Islamabad, Pakistan.
The Jiguopai Old Church is a church in Sanmin Village, Fuxing District, Taoyuan City, Taiwan.
The Madayi Palli was constructed with the assistance of the Kolathiri Raja to whom also there was a letter from the last Perumal.
For other synagogues called Beth El, see Temple Beth-El.
The outside walls are dotted with triangular recesses.
Temple Beth Israel is a Reconstructionist synagogue located at 1175 East 29th Avenue in Eugene, Oregon.
Panagia Pantobasilissa or Arched Church as it is called in the region is known to be the first church whose walls were decorated with frescoes.
The lower story of the bell tower is wider than the upper one.
Jesus answered, "I am going to Rome to be crucified again".
It was built in 1768-1774, replacing a wooden chapel from 1674, which was dedicated to Saint Olof.
Green Mosque of Iznik is a historic Ottoman mosque in Iznik, Turkey.
Both sides of its big door have been decorated with haftrang tiles.
It was constructed between the 10th and 13th centuries.
Imāmzādeh Ja‘far is a historical mausoleum in Borujerd, western Iran.
The site is situated 105 kilometres from Indore and 47 km from Dhar on the Indore-Ahmedabad Highway.
It dates from the 12th century and is in Romanesque style.
Lomen stave church is a stave church located in the community of Lomen in Vestre Slidre municipality, Valdres, Norway.
Aconbury is a village on a road between Hereford and Ross-on-Wye.
The mosque was built under Ahmed Sékou Touré with funding from King Fahd of Saudi Arabia.
The church in constructed in the style of late Neo-Romanesque basilica with highly elevated main nave and two towers.
Shaare Zedek Congregation is a Conservative Jewish synagogue located in the residential district of Notre-Dame-de-Grâce in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.
The site was abandoned in 1534 at the time of the Dissolution of the Monasteries under King Henry VIII.
Its towers are truncated due to a calculation error of the architect.
A dispute arose between the two abbeys, which was settled in favour of Blanchelande in 1192, by William Bishop of Coutances.
It is predominantly Gothic, but has a Renaissance façade by Michelozzo, added in 1457.
Hsing Tian Kong is a popular temple in Zhongshan District, Taipei, Taiwan.
The second bell tower was completed in the 18th century.
San Giacomo degli Spagnoli is a basilica church in Piazza Municipio in central Naples, Italy.
Started as an Orthodox synagogue, the congregation changed to the Conservative rite in 1955.
In 1900 KI, as the Congregation is known, was one of the largest Reform Congregations in the United States.
It is situated in a deep canyon along the Aras river on the Iranian side of the border between Nakhchivan Autonomous Republic and Iran.
It was designated as a national monument in 1973.
The Basilica di San Marino is a Catholic church located in the Republic of San Marino.
Sydenham Street United Church, formerly Sydenham Street Methodist Church, is a church in Kingston, Ontario, Canada that dates to 1852.
In cooperation with Golden Harvest Food Bank, the parish's bi-monthly Manna Pantry program provides nutritionally healthy foods to local residents dealing with food insecurity.
This monument was built in the 12th century, coinciding with the establishment of the city itself.
The Doh Church is a church in Doh, Sălaj, Romania, built in 1869.
In 1723 the church, together with half of the buildings in the parish, was completely destroyed in a major fire.
Chawkbazar Shahi Mosque in Dhaka, Bangladesh, is located in the Chowk Bazaar area of the old town of Dhaka, south of the current city centre.
It was Dissolved in 1539 and was located in Freiston, Lincolnshire, England.
It is one of the largest Muslim centres in Europe.
Also from the same period dates a chapel located north of the monastery.
Near the church is the Scuola Grande di San Rocco, noted for its numerous Tintoretto paintings.
The Church of Our Lady is an Evangelical Protestant church situated northwest of the Market Square in Bremen, Germany.
It is a member of the Movement for Reform Judaism and is the only Reform synagogue in Scotland.
The mosque was built in the late 18th century by master-mimar Ustad Haj Sa'ban-ali.
The parish's longest serving priest was the Rev.
The Black House was a building that formerly stood at 6114 California St. in San Francisco, California, in the United States.
The West Coast Main Line runs through the area, although its major transport links are served by the local and national bus routes criss-crossing its boundaries.
Most of the objects of art housed in the church bear references to the Black Death.
Some of the coins were as old as the 12th century.
The church was consecrated in 2004, and in 2005 it was finally completed.
St. John's Parish is a Roman Catholic church located at 2500 California Plaza on the Creighton University campus in Omaha, Nebraska, United States.
The Lead Mosque, also known as the Buşatlı Mehmet Pasha Mosque, is a historical mosque in Shkodër, northwestern Albania.
Amalfi Cathedral is a 9th-century Roman Catholic cathedral in the Piazza del Duomo, Amalfi, Italy.
A short walk up the hill leads to the church and an ancient cemetery a little further up the hill.
The Pavilion was built in 2008 to accommodate outside meetings along the Hillsborough River.
The timber bell tower dates from 1400.
The church was much like those in the valley of the White Drin and represented a rare combination of stone and wood.
St. Paul Cathedral is the mother church of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Saint Paul, Alberta.
The Chapel of Saint Helena is a 12th-century Armenian church in the lower level of the Church of the Holy Sepulcher in Jerusalem.
A few monuments and architectural fragments from the friary are in the collection of the Yorkshire Museum in York.
The municipality of Bethel Park was named after the church.
Its massive structure incorporates baroque and classical elements and has withstood numerous earthquakes.
The church building is located in the quarter Wilhelmshagen, locality Rahnsdorf, borough Treptow-Köpenick of Berlin.
On the west side of the yard and opposite the portal, there is a vast splendid iwan.
The ancient El Ghriba Synagogue, also known as the Djerba Synagogue, is located on the Tunisian island of Djerba.
The name "kashveti" is derived from Georgian words kva for a "stone" and shva "to give birth."
It is commonly known as Saborna crkva among the city residents.
The Munyonyo Martyrs’ Shrine is a Roman Catholic shrine dedicated to the Ugandan Martyrs.
It is owned by Johor Corporation, the Johor state government's investment arm.
Chesham Mosque is a mosque in Chesham, Buckinghamshire, England.
Imamzadeh Saleh is one of many imamzadeh mosques in Iran.
The one at Ajmer, now over a hundred years old, is by far the largest and most artistic plastic representation of that much-loved mythological narrative.
It is one of the oldest churches in the Vatican City.
Saint Lucius in Brugherio, Italy, is a small church dedicated to Saint Lucius in the grounds of the Villa Sormani.
The modern incarnation of the church was officially incorporated on March 11, 1907.
The church served as model for innumerable Jesuit churches all over the world, especially in the Americas.
When built, it was originally the home of a Presbyterian congregation.
Muchundi Mosque holds a bilingual stone inscription known as the Muchundi Inscription dating back to the 13th century.
The main A6 Garstang road forms its eastern boundary.
The priory of Nocton Park was founded by Robert Darcy in honour of Saint Mary Magdalene, probably during the reign of King Stephen.
The Shah Mosque of Isfahan is one of the everlasting masterpieces of architecture in Iran.
Pamber Priory is a Church of England parish church and former priory, then known as Sherborne Priory, at Monk Sherborne in the English county of Hampshire.
In the middle of the 16th century a bell tower was attached.
Built in 1718-38 by Giovanni Antonio Scalfarotto, the church shows the emerging eclecticism of Neoclassical architecture.
Currently, the parish is home to some 8,500 parishioners.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982 and designated a Michigan State Historic Site in 1985.
The oldest of its sections is the altar, inaugurated in 1390, while the newest part is the clock tower, which was built in Gothic Revival style.
Special fans are placed above them to protect the walls of the church from smoke.
The Bonn Minster is a Roman Catholic church in Bonn.
Other changes were made in 1959, when a small storm porch was added inside the main entrance.
Since 2016, their cantor has been Vladimir Lapin, and their assistant rabbi is Elle Muhlbaum.
Christ Church is a historical building and a school located in the Hazratganj area of Lucknow, India.
The neoclassical cathedral was designed by Carl Ludvig Engel and built in 1827.
Interior columns are of granite with shaft rings and in places the arcades feature double rows of columns.
The Valea Viilor fortified church is a Lutheran fortified church in Valea Viilor, Sibiu County, in the Transylvania region of Romania.
The rest of the friary complex was later demolished.
The clergy, choir and congregation perform together, and God is the audience."
Initially Roman Catholic, it became Lutheran following the Reformation.
Chester Carmelite Friary was a friary in the city of Chester in Cheshire, England.
The church's brick building, designed by local architect James Bird, was opened in 1865.
Part of the main church building's roof and interior were severely damaged in the February 2, 2011 blizzard.
In its eastern end is a three-sided choir and the transept taking up three bays.
The neo-Gothic church was designed by Johann Felsko.
It was demolished in 1521 by the invading Ottoman Turks.
The Uzhgorod Synagogue building is located in Uzhhorod, in the present day Zakarpattia Oblast of western Ukraine.
Bishop Macedo has said that the temple is twice the height of Rio de Janeiro's Catholic-sponsored Christ the Redeemer statue.
Keldholme Priory was a nunnery in Kirkbymoorside, North Yorkshire, England.
It was first mentioned in Ottoman sources dating to 1539, the Church was, however, built on older foundations.
St. Joseph's Cathedral has large congregations from Rawalpindi, Islamabad and surrounding areas for Good Friday, Easter and Christmas services each year.
Soissons Cathedral Basilica is a Gothic cathedral in Soissons, France.
The church is located in Wahacotte, in the north of Matale District, about 32 km from Matale and is dedicated to Saint Anthony.
Jahaj Kothi Museum, named after George Thomas, is located inside Firoz Shah Palace Complex and maintained by Archaeological Survey of India.
It was forcibly closed in 1573 under the Dissolution of the Monasteries.
The church is located in the Julfa square near Saint Mary Church.
The cathedral, its area 5,300 square meters, is the biggest in Colombia and one of the biggest ones in South America.
Formerly the home of the Inquisition, Jesuit missionary Gabriel Malagrida was famously executed at the church in 1761 after being accused of treason.
Ashley had made many alterations to the house Holles' son, Francis Holles, 2nd Baron Holles, was born there in 1627.
Some of these decorative elements continued to appear in post-Fatimid architecture in Cairo.
In 1970, the majority-black Mozart Baptist merged with First Congregational to form First Congregational Baptist Church.
In 1964 Glenmary Home Missioners served the parish until it was returned to the Diocese of Charlotte in 1973.
The priory was dissolved during the reign of Henry VIII, and most of the monastic buildings were partially demolished during the next 20 years.
Formed in 1860, it is the oldest black church in Westchester County and possibly one of the oldest in the state.
The building was designed by local architects Flockton & Son and constructed from 1849 to 1850.
It is the most important church building of the town, and is called Stadtkirche, opposed to the courtly Schloßkirche.
The church is organized as a series of chapels.
These statues are made from gold, clay, wood and stone.
That original structure was torn down and a new church building completed in 1900.
Jain Center of Greater Phoenix is a Jain temple in Phoenix, Arizona.
It was founded in 1853 by mostly German Jews as Congregation B'nai Israel.
The site of the priory is now occupied by a 16th-century Grade II listed farmhouse.
As of 2011, the rabbi was Jeffrey Astrachan.
Chester Friary of the Sack was a friary in Cheshire, England.
The Springfield Presbyterian Church is located on Morris Avenue in downtown Springfield, New Jersey, United States.
The architect Józef Plośko was inspired by Al-Azhar and other mosques of Cairo.
Its first rabbi was Robert W. Shapiro, and he was succeeded by Irving Reichert and then Herbert Morris in 1962.
Jāna Jēruma-Grīnberga was installed as priest-in-charge in October 2014, succeeding Cālītis.
The Masjid-i Jahān-Numā, commonly known as the Jama Masjid of Delhi, is one of the largest mosques in India.
The Organ was constructed by Anselmi-Tamburini and was brought here from the anterior parish church of San Michele in 1985.
There was functioned a madrasah at the mosque for a long time, where the eminent Azerbaijani poet and scientist Mirza Shafi Vazeh taught at that time.
St Paul's Church, Sheffield, was a chapel of ease to Sheffield Parish Church.
Although located near Morpeth, Northumberland, the abbey possessed lands extending to the Scottish border, and annually led sheep there to pasture during the summer months.
In the 12th century, Bernat de Vallverd, a knight and landowner built the chapel next to his house.
Before the expansion of Delhi's Jama Masjid, it was the largest and most famous mosque of the country.
Church of the Dormition of Our Lady is a Greek Orthodox church in Jdeydeh quarter of Aleppo, Syria.
Throughout this time the congregation pursued its dream of establishing a permanent home.
It is the seat of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Minsk-Mohilev.
The mosque is a bold and modern approach in reinforced concrete, symbolic of the aspirations of a then newly independent Malaysia.
There are numerous architectural, sculptural and pictorial treasures inside.
Pope St. John Paul II elevated the status of the basilica to minor basilica in 1993.
The second part of the name means "episcopal".
The Süleymaniye Mosque is an Ottoman imperial mosque located on the Third Hill of Istanbul, Turkey.
It is encountered throughout East Asia, including in some Japanese Buddhist Main Halls.
Inside, in the centre, is a dome of with beautiful carvings, and pillars taken from different Hindu temples with variety of rich ornament.
He designed the present cupola, completed in 1685.
The abbey was built on a hill, and its grounds covered around ten acres, surrounded by a wall and ditch.
A notch in the floor was used for the foot of the bass viol.
The mosque has 2,500 places on the upper level for women and 10,000 below for men.
Newstead Priory was a priory in Lincolnshire, England, between Stamford and Uffington.
Founded in 1899 as Bikur Cholim, it was an Orthodox breakaway from Asheville's existing synagogue.
St James Priory, a Cluniac priory founded in 1146
Within a year, Hebrew Union College graduate Rabbi Israel Mattuck was appointed minister.
It was founded in the 4th century.
St. James Episcopal Church is a historic Episcopal church in the historic district of Wilmington, North Carolina.
The Oratory of San Francesco Saverio del Caravita is a 17th-century baroque oratory in Rome, near the Church of Sant’Ignazio in rione Pigna.
Jesus Church or Grace Church is a Lutheran Church located in Cieszyn, Poland.
In 1761 Czech brothers Hubert and Ignatius Admiring, members of the church order Piarists who have been raising children and adolescents, came to Bjelovar.
The current bishop is Valentine Tsamma Seane.
The mosque was visited by Tim Severin's crew of the Sohar, that sailed into Canton from Muscat in July, 1981.
The mosque is shaped as a cube, without a dome.
It sustained some damage during Rákóczi's War of Independence.
The revenue of the priory was valued in 1388 at £38 8s.
The mosque currently is used as an official residence of religious attaché of the Turkish embassy.
One of the inscriptions is made of brick and the others are made of ceramic.
Bahrain Synagogue is a synagogue located on Sasa'ah Avenue in the lower-class commercial district of Manama, the capital city of Bahrain.
The Church of the Holy Archangels is one of eight Wooden Churches of Maramureş in Romania listed as a UNESCO world heritage site in December 1999.
By 1700, Sheffield's population had reached 5,000, and a second Anglican place of worship was required to house a growing congregation.
Church of Saint Peter in Gallicantu is a Roman Catholic church located on the eastern slope of Mount Zion, just outside the Old City of Jerusalem.
The congregation's building was expropriated and demolished to make way for the Brooklyn-Queens Expressway in the 1950s.
Pugin, promoted the revival of Gothic as the style of architecture which was the ideal expression of Roman Catholic faith and worship in church buildings.
It is a small brick European-style building erected in the late 1920s.
It is suspected that the mosques were destroyed by Armenians after 1993.
In September 2016 more than 200 Serb former inhabitants of the town, participated in liturgy in the church.
Two ninth-century churches, a single-nave structure and a basilica, stand in the middle of the monastery next to each other.
St. Andrew's Cathedral of Saint Andrew Apostle in Kronstadt is a Russian Orthodox cathedral built in 1805–1817, dedicated to the patron saint of the Russian Navy.
In both cases the perpetrators were caught and convicted.
Sorø Abbey was the preeminent and wealthiest monastic house in all of Denmark during the Middle Ages.
The monastery is an illustration of the activity of St. Gregory's followers.
The Oulu Cathedral is an Evangelical Lutheran cathedral and the seat of the Diocese of Oulu, located in the centre of Oulu, Finland.
It was an alien house, a daughter house of Thetford, Norfolk and dependent on Lewes, Sussex.
Saint Paul's Cathedral Namirembe, commonly referred to as Namirembe Cathedral, is the oldest cathedral in Uganda.
It is also called Panagia tis Episkopis or Church of Episkopi Thiras.
Wendling Abbey was monastic house in Norfolk, England.
The cathedral was renovated for the 75th anniversary celebration on April 28, 2009 of the elevation of Cebu into an archdiocese.
Altarpiece of Charity of St Guerrino by Giovanni Cadioli
This was expanded in 1946 with an auditorium, social hall and new chapel.
Clemente Moli sculpted the statue of San Maximus, first bishop of Cittanova in Istria.
The restoration works were completed in 1832, but the belfry was not erected until 1845.
Schot went bankrupt, but is probably responsible for building the first residence in about 1788.
The Reformed Church is a church in Cehu Silvaniei, Romania, rebuilt up until 1604.
The Pontifical Basilica di San Nicola is a church in Bari, southern Italy that holds wide religious significance throughout Europe and the Christian world.
It is located in Vienna's 6th district.
Around the dome, it has been decorated with three rows of raised stucco inscriptions.
The Cathedral Basilica of Saint Joseph is the main Roman Catholic church building of San José de Mayo, Uruguay.
During other periods, particularly from 1939 to 1954, rabbis' tenures were very short, often a year or less.
This synagogue located in Al-Bataween district in eastern Baghdad.
To the north are two dating from 1915: one of Christ Blessing Little Children, and one designed by Kayll and Reed of Works of Charity.
It was probably the first church constructed after the Islamic invasion of Spain in 711.
It is located on 23 Nar-Dos Street of the central Kentron district.
The village is 3 km southeast of the town of Artik.
According to the thuluth inscription above its portal, it was built in 1694 by the order and under supervision of Amir Mohammad Mehdi Hakimolmolk Ardestani.
The Muradiye Mosque is a 16th-century Ottoman mosque in Manisa, Turkey.
The inscription dating the building to the 480s was the oldest known writing in the Armenian language.
The original Mosque was located on South Erskine Street in 1969 and moved to 112-114 Hilltown the following year.
Dundee Central Mosque is located on the junction of Brown Street and Miln Street, north-east of the City Centre.
The cathedral is named after John Wesley, one of the founders of the Methodist church.
It was established as an Augustinian Priory with a Prior and twelve Canons, who were not monks but ordained priests.
Alexandre Boëly was organist at this church from 1840 to 1851.
The synagogue was founded in 1845, and was officially chartered in 1848.
The temple houses three idols: one each of Lord Rishabhanatha, Lord Neminatha, and Lord Mahavira.
The mosque was opened to the public 22 February 1978.
It was destroyed or hidden under earthen embankment during the invasion of Genghis Khan in around 1220.
It houses a slab of stone believed to contain one of his footprints.
A Celtic monastery was established in the 6th century.
Its early 15th century Jizō hall is a registered National Treasure of Japan.
When completed, the complex will include the world's third largest mosque, an The complex is under-construction on hilltop 60 ft in Bahria Town, Karachi, Pakistan.
It is attributed to Saint Clement of Ohrid, a disciple of Saint Cyril and Saint Methodius.
Sultan Idris Shah II Mosque is the state mosque of Perak, Malaysia.
It has been renovated significantly since then.
It is said that this minaret was originally 50 metres, but its height has been decreased 2 metres in the course of time.
The Church of Saint Lucy in Selci) is an ancient Roman Catholic church, located in Rome, dedicated to Saint Lucy, a 4th-century virgin and martyr.
The oldest tree in Iași County is the 675-year-old hybrid lime tree, located in the courtyard of Bârnova Monastery.
The cornices of the vestibule are decorated with vegetal and animal ornamental motives which border the southern and northern walls.
The mosque was declared a Monument of Culture of Exceptional Importance in 1990 by the Republic of Serbia.
The community was established in 1949 and was based at Worple Road, Wimbledon from 1952 to 1997.
When Al-Nasir Muhammad returned to the throne in 1299 he oversaw its construction until its completion in 1303.
In the 1840s, the Chapel was turned round to face across fields.
The Priory Church is an Anglican parish church in Leominster, Herefordshire, England, dedicated to Saint Peter and Saint Paul.
It is located on Herm, the smallest of the Channel Islands open to the public.
After the treaty of Karlowitz entire Transylvania became an Austrian province.
Its twin spires are 108 metres tall, and tower above the town's rooftops.
The congregation purchased its current property in 1989, and completed its facility there in 1995.
King Harald V and Crown Prince Haakon visited the synagogue in June, 2009.
Directly adjacent to the mosque are two smaller shrines, belonging to the brothers Sayyid Raḍī and Sayyid Murṫadhā.
It is located in the outskirts of Piat in the province of Cagayan.
During the communal violence in 2002, the mosque was extensively damaged.
Saint Stephen's Church, Negombo, is an Anglican church in Negombo in Sri Lanka.
The church was originally built by the Portuguese in 1534.
Today, the monastery has been fully restored and is clearly visible from the ski slopes.
The shrine also offers the Sacrament of Reconciliation, spiritual direction, and days of prayer.
According to the recorded documents, it is known as the first and oldest church in the district.
The foundation stone for the cathedral was laid on 28 October 1968 by Bishop Harold de Soysa.
With the help of local community leaders headed by Avraham Yusian, the construction of the new facade was completed in October 1965.
The icon veils and tombstones are held as fine examples of Moldavian art in Stephen the Great’s time.
The Tuanku Mizan Zainal Abidin Mosque, or Iron Mosque is the second principal mosque in Putrajaya, Malaysia after Putra Mosque.
Upon completion, it became world's largest mosque and remained so for 313 years until the expansion of Prophet's Mosque.
The Fuller & Robinson Company designed the present church, following the Wren–Gibbs tradition.
The Church is known for being socially moderate and for being accepting of people of all races, ages, and sexual orientations.
It is the oldest mosque in Western Mindanao.
This similarity has only existed since the reconstruction in 1891.
The congregation was founded to meet the needs of Jewish Lebanese families moving to Montreal.
Directly below Saint Sarkis in the gorge is a unique bridge built in 1664.
With the reforms, the building was also rebuilt in neoclassic style, except the parts said before.
The mission was built in order to convert local Native Americans to Christianity and solidify Spanish territorial claims in the New World against encroachment from France.
Built in a classical style, the current building was built between 1750 and 1753 by an anonymous architect.
Bradley Priory was an Augustinian priory in Leicestershire, England.
The Szeged Synagogue is the second largest in Hungary after the Dohány Street Synagogue in Budapest, and the 4th largest in the world.
Only the magnificent church and the adjacent chapel have survived.
The cathedral is a major tourist attraction, bringing in over 125,000 visitors annually.
However a spire was finally added 143 years later, in 2014.
However, the most famous painting associated with the church is paradoxically one which is no longer there.
The construction of the church commenced on 21 December 1950, upon a 1.4 hectares site, at the base of Ethagala.
The Ganting Grand Mosque is a Sunni mosque located in Ganting, Padang, West Sumatra, Indonesia.
It is in the Gothic architectural tradition.
The parish has been in the pastoral care and administration of the Society of the Divine Word since even before its founding.
The monastery thrived at Pitareti until 1752 when it was forced to close due to a marauding attack from Dagestan.
The cathedral has been the main burial site for Danish monarchs since the 15th century.
By 1982 sufficient funds had been raised to restore the building.
It was dedicated in 1402, having as original ctitor the Moldavian Voivode Alexandru cel Bun whose remains are buried here.
Like other chavurot, Kol Zimrah has no rabbi or other professional leadership, and is run completely by volunteers.
According to Shia Muslim tradition, the mosque contains the grave of Zaynab, the daughter of ‘Alī and Fātimah and granddaughter of the Prophet Muhammad.
Gökmedrese or Gök Medrese, also known as Sahibiye Medresesi, is a 13th-century medrese, an Islamic educational institution, in Sivas, Turkey.
The temple has been built within a tank filled with red coloured lotus flowers.
The current 15th century Gothic church replaced an older Romanesque one.
It is the largest mosque of the county which still using as mosque.
The mosque is situated in downtown St Petersburg.
The St. Michael's Church is a Gothic-style Roman Catholic church in Cluj-Napoca.
The monastery continued the cult of the Virgin Mary, which had been greatly expanded during the earlier rule of the Balšići.
The White Mosque is an ancient Ummayad mosque in the city of Ramla, Israel.
Worshippers are separated by gender during a worship service; females worship on the first floor, while the males worship on the ground floor.
Wilton Friary was a friary in Wiltshire, England.
The reconstructed mosque opened again for full use in August, 2009.
The current congregation is a merger of two of the oldest congregations in Toronto - Anshei Stashov and Chevra Knesseth Israel Anshei Slipia.
It was the first church in New Jersey to be listed.
Haibat Khan's Mosque is a medieval mosque in Ahmedabad, India.
The monastery is a well known pilgrimage site, and was one of the centers of spiritual education in Armenia.
The name cestello derives from the Cistercians who occupied the church in 1628.
This name has become synonymous with the old city that once occupied lower Norrmalm.
The first altar on the left dedicated to Saints Erasmo and Venanzio was painted by Giuseppe Tortelli.
The congregation has been led by such famous rabbis as Milton Steinberg and Judah Nadich.
The dome of the ramparted church and its chapel are seen from very far.
The congregation began worshipping there in 1955 shortly after major construction was completed.
The Cathedral of St. Vincent de Paul is a Roman Catholic church located in Tunis, Tunisia.
Santi Aquila e Priscilla is a Roman Catholic church dedicated to saints Aquila and Priscilla in the quartiere Portuense of Rome, on via Pietro Blaserna.
It achieved its independence and abbey status in 1250, and appears from surviving records to have been well run.
In the first two decades of the church's existence, it was a significant center of pietism.
It was constructed by Muslims living in West Phoenix Wood Town, now the Bafang areas of Linxia City, Gansu.
The house is a Grade II* listed building.
The Temple of Kwan Tai is a Chinese Taoist temple in Mendocino, California, dedicated to Kwan Tai.
Holy Sepulchre Church, Thetford was a medieval monastic house in Thetford, Norfolk.
Bicknacre Priory was a priory in Essex, England.
The large old mihrab of the mosque like minaret seems to belongs to the Seljuq era.
The Patriarchal Cathedral Basilica of Saint Mark, commonly known as Saint Mark's Basilica, is the cathedral church of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Venice, northern Italy.
For two decades it was used for retreats by the Brotherhood of the Kingdom, a group of Social Gospel advocates.
The Cathedral Church of the Virgin Mary of the Immaculate Conception, also known as Myeongdong Cathedral, is cathedral of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Seoul.
The synagogue was burnt down by Germans on June 27, 1941, with an estimated number of 2,000 Jews inside.
Jamkaran is a village in Qanavat Rural District, in the Central District of Qom County, Qom Province, Iran.
The physical address of the site is 4421 Lower River Road, Stella Niagara, New York 14144; and is within the Roman Catholic Diocese of Buffalo.
Emamzadeh Soltan Mir Ahmad is an Emamzadeh in Kashan, Iran.
The Kuopio Cathedral is a stone Neoclassical-style Evangelical Lutheran church in Kuopio, Finland and the seat of the Diocese of Kuopio.
The Kota Kinabalu City Mosque is the second main mosque in Kota Kinabalu, Sabah, Malaysia, after State Mosque in Sembulan.
Andy Warhol regularly attended Mass at the church.
The Roman Catholic church is one of the oldest churches in the Philippines, construction of the present church was started in 1737.
During its history the church has undergone a number of alterations and additions by some of Venice's most prominent architects.
As of 2010, the New York Landmarks Conservancy had begun $1.5 million in restoration work.
It is one of Baltistan's most famous landmarks and a major tourist attraction.
It remained standing until the 1960s when it was reportedly blown up.
The four turrets situated on top of the steeple were a sign to let foreigners know that the town had the right to sentence to death.
Al ‘Askarī Shrine or the ‘Askariyya Shrine is a Shī‘ah Muslim holy site in the Iraqi city of Sāmarrā 125 km from Baghdad.
A church building had existed on the site since 1280.
It was built by Protestants and dedicated to the Holy Trinity in 1581, and was the largest Protestant church in Austria at that time.
The church was later rebuilt in Romanesque style.
The portico is by Neapolitan architect Leopoldo Laperuta, while the main building is by the Swiss architect Pietro Bianchi.
The mosque was located on intersection of Sadigjan and Garasherov streets of Mardinli neighborhood of Shusha.
St. Josaphat Roman Catholic Church is a Roman Catholic church located at 715 East Canfield Street in Detroit, Michigan.
The Lainici Monastery is a Romanian Orthodox monastery located 32 km from Târgu Jiu.
The St. Sarkis is the first church in Armenia which is heated by the heating system under the marble floor.
Bielsko Synagogue was a synagogue in Bielsko, Poland.
The construction of the church started in 1666, and it was consecrated in 1722.
The emamzadeh has a conical turquoise dome.
The bricks for its walls were sourced from Częstochowa, whilst the roof tiles came from Włocławek.
They used St. Hakob as their base.
A world-famous landmark, it was the city's tallest building until the completion of the Ivan the Great Bell Tower in 1600.
34 in the locality of Wedding, in Berlin's borough of Mitte.
Naples Cathedral is a Roman Catholic cathedral, the main church of Naples, southern Italy, and the seat of the Archbishop of Naples.
Pursuant to Article Six of the Religious Corporations Law.
The Jāmeh Mosque is a large, congregational mosque in Tabrīz city, within the East Azerbaijan Province of Iran.
It took the name Lead Mosque, because all of its cupolas were covered with lead.
Faringdon Abbey was a Cistercian abbey located at Wyke just north of the small town of Faringdon in the English county of Berkshire.
Matters approached a climax during the first week of February 1935.
Congregation Schara Tzedeck celebrated its centennial in 2007.
The Maryina Roshcha Synagogue is a synagogue in Moscow established in 1925 at Vtoroy Vysheslavtsev Lane, 5a.
It is one of the largest mosque in Sierra Leone and is located in the neighborhood of Magazine Court in the East End of Freetown.
It was originally built as a Madrasa to host the number of students that were coming to study in the Azhar University.
Thirty two Imhoff paintings were purchased in 1948.
It was elevated to the rank of minor basilica in 1985.
With respect to their high-quality these tiles are like the famous tiles of Imamzadeh Yahya in Varamin."
The church still has a silver communion service set given to it by her.
Congregation Beth Israel is a Reform Jewish congregation located at 5315 Old Canton Road in Jackson, Mississippi, United States.
This separation, which appears in other Asturian churches, is not repeated in any other with a similar structure.
It is the third largest Orthodox church in Europe.
The Friday prayer sermon is also delivered in English also alongside the Arabic.
In 1407 representatives of the Venetian Republic and Balša III met on the territory in possession of Ratac in attempt to negotiate peace.
Châlons Cathedral is a Roman Catholic church in Châlons-en-Champagne, France, formerly known as Châlons-sur-Marne.
As the prisoners of Karbalā were passing through Aleppo, one of wives of Husayn had a miscarriage.
Galata Monastery is listed in the National Register of Historic Monuments.
On November 9, 2004, Karekin II, Catholicos of All Armenians, presided over the ceremony of consecration of the crosses of the Church of Holy Trinity.
During World War II, the city centre synagogue was destroyed by bombing, and much of its community came to worship at Wilson Road.
It was built in around 983 A.D. and is one of the largest free standing statues in the world.
It is the largest mosque in North America and the oldest Shia mosque in the United States.
So, the reinforced concrete was used for the foundations and the entire structure, domes comprised.
The present Friday Mosque was built in 1899 under the financing of Baku philanthropist merchant Haji Shikhlali Dadashov.
The other synagogues were destroyed partly during World War II, when Lithuania was occupied by Nazi Germany, and partly by the Soviet authorities after the war.
The synagogue dates to the 2nd century AD and was built into an older Hellenistic house.
The Sunni Mosque is known for its picturesque setting against the dramatic backdrop of the Caucasus Mountains.
It was founded in 1066 on the eastern side of the old Roman forum.
First built around 1270 as a Romanesque church belonging to the Augustinian abbey, on occasion of the Reformation in Zürich worship in the church was discontinued.
The Chapel of Saint Paul is a church in Damascus, Syria, located along Tarafa bin al-Abd Street near the former Bab Kisan.
The current structure was completed in 618 AD.
The present-day mosque that hosts the tomb was built in 1990.
Shree Pavapuri Tirth Dham is situated at Sirohi district of Rajasthan.
It was first mentioned in the Lincoln Taxatio of 1291.
The exterior is surfaced with 4 million handmade Multani tiles.
Mamayi neighbourhood is the 4th of 8 upper and earlier neighbourhoods of Shusha.
Willoughton Priory was a priory in Lincolnshire, England.
In 1909, it became the first place in the Arabian Peninsula to be provided with electrical lights.
The Church of St. Paul is a Roman Catholic parish church in the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of New York, located in Manhattan, New York City.
Currently, while the synagogue is not used for religious ceremonies, it is used for many cultural concerts and events.
It includes stained glass windows of the Twelve Tribes of Israel designed by Inge Pape Trampler.
The Long View Center is a historic church building located in the Moore Square Historic District of Raleigh, North Carolina, United States.
I let my eyes wander around the interior of the synagogue.
It also holds the distinction of being one of the oldest synagogues in the western hemisphere and a Barbados National Trust property.
The church is a notable example of Gothic architecture in Slovakia.
Tohidkhaneh is a historical building in Isfahan, Iran.
It is located in Abuja, the capital city.
The Mikvé Israel-Emanuel Synagogue, in Willemstad, Curaçao, is the oldest surviving synagogue in the Americas.
Previously affiliated with Sacred Heart Parish was another Tampa institution, Jesuit High School, founded in 1899, which thrives today.
The present layout dates into the 18th century.
Melcombe Priory was a Dominican priory in Melcombe Regis, Dorset, England.
In 1982, a mausoleum was built at the back of the sacristy at the initiation of Archbishop Julio Cardinal Rosales.
It was significantly damaged in the earthquake in 1979 and in 1986 was reconstructed.
It is the center of Tablighi activities in Bangladesh.
It is situated on the western side of one of the ancient city's fort gates, within the Champaner-Pavagadh Archaeological Park of Gujarat.
His father was Hadji Hayruddin, the son of Yaniç.
The south side of the mosque had a double arcade that led to the mosque's prayer hall.
This is the new south pattern temple.
The parish church of Mariahilf was built by Sebastiano Carlone in 1686–1689, but redesigned by Franz Jänggl.
Adjacent to this shrine is another mosque, built over the location where the Twelfth or "Hidden" Imām, Muħammad al-Mahdī, first entered the Minor Occultation.
The 154th ayah from Al-Baqara chapter of Quran is written on the façade of the mosque in Arabic and Turkish:
The Putra Mosque is the principal mosque of Putrajaya, Malaysia.
Many Muslim scholars were graduated from the Al-Zaytuna for over a thousand years.
the sixth part is the second crown and the seventh part is the vertex of the minaret.
It was the centre for Jewish worship in Brighton and Hove for more than a century.
In 1739, angered by the stand-off, Downes threatened to open the building as a chapel for Dissenters.
The cathedral is the seat of the Archbishop of Bari-Bitonto, as it was previously of the archbishops, earlier bishops, of Bari.
Stocking Abbey was an abbey in the village of Oldstead, North Yorkshire, England.
The mosque is located to south-west of Dastur Khan's Mosque near Jamalpur gate.
Built in 16th century, it is the largest historical mosque in Bosnia and Herzegovina and one of the most representative Ottoman structures in the Balkans.
Another early benefactor was Alan of Mumby, who granted the Canons the church at Mumby and one at Wycliff, in Yorkshire.
The priory church, being of Augustinian origins, housed both the conventual and parish churches under a single roof.
Walls of the interior contains fragments of the cycle of frescos by Romanino depicting scenes from the Passion of Christ.
The land for the mosque at Marsden Park was purchased in 1983.
Ruxox Cell was an Augustinian monk's cell in Bedfordshire, England.
Oseh Shalom is the only synagogue in Laurel, Maryland, and one of 5 Reconstructionist synagogues in the Baltimore-Washington Metropolitan Area.
Funding came by way of donations from members of the local and national Sikh community.
It was built by Italian immigrants to the city, specifically those from Molise, to commemorate the apparition of the Madonna in La Difesa, in Casacalenda, Molise.
Tradition holds that the mosque was first built in the late 12th century, although it underwent many renovations over the years.
The vestibule and portico first half of the 10th century.
In the early 20th century a parsonage was built next door, and other facilities were built later in the century to the south.
It opened in 1907 and was completed in 2010.
His wife, Jackie Tabick, whom he married in 1975, was Britain’s first woman rabbi and is now Convenor of the Movement for Reform Judaism's Beit Din.
The priory was founded by Robert de Beaumont, 1st Earl of Leicester between 1118 and 1135, and dissolved 1494.
It had a fairly turbulent history and suffered considerably from mismanagement.
The nave has a central aisle and two large rows of pews.
Later it was rebuilt and repaired by Khaje Emad ed-Din.
In 1995 due to the Islamic Community growing in strength there was a need for larger premises, which resulted in the Mosque being built.
It is situated on the HaAliya HaShniya Street near the harbour.
The mosque also houses the first Islamic school in Chiang Mai, which maintains cultural and educational links with similar establishments in Kunming, Yunnan Province, China.
The church is located on Seestraße No.
The two communities have since merged, and hold services in alternating buildings and alternating rites.
It joined the Union of American Hebrew Congregations in 1927.
Deeping St. James Priory was a priory in Lincolnshire, England.
At the West end there was a long gallery perhaps once a dormitory."
It was a cathedral and the seat of the former diocese of Ypres from 1561 to 1801, and is still commonly referred to as such.
The sisters were involved in pastoral and educational work, the care of Truro Cathedral and St Paul's Church, and church needlework.
Tuğrul Tower is a 12th-century monument, located in the city of Rey, Iran.
Once a month, an Anglican Evensong is held in English, by clergy from St. George's Anglican Church, Berlin.
San Biagio is a church dedicated to Saint Blaise, in the sestiere of Castello in Venice, northern Italy.
In the Cappella della Madonna del Popolo are frescoes by Corrado Giaquinto dating from 1750.
Samson Shukardin OFM, Vicar General of the Diocese, reported that a crowd went by St. Francis Xavier Cathedral, throwing stones and breaking windows.
It is located on 3 Shmuel Refaeli Street in the Nachalat Ahim neighbourhood in Jerusalem.
It is a national monument, and is the seat of the Archbishopric of Auch.
The temple was built between 1917 and 1927 and originally held by the Friars Minor Capuchin.
It has small windows on the upper portion of the wall, but no access to the interior.
It is currently an active Roman Catholic church belonging to the Diocese of Grodno.
The cathedral is a hyperboloid structure constructed from 16 concrete columns, weighing 90 tons each.
Elisabeth von Gutmann was buried there too.
The congregation moved to a new building on Bull Creek Road, dedicated on December 30, 1963.
According to the traditional legends this monastery was built by Stefan Nemanja.
Austin Friars, Newcastle-upon-Tyne was an Augustinian friary in Tyne and Wear, England.
Today, ruins of the monastery are still visible.
San Fermo Maggiore is a church built in Romanesque style in central Verona.
The church is now a parish church belonging to the Eritrean Catholic Archeparchy of Asmara, whose cathedral is the Kidane Mehret Church, Asmara.
The base of its spire, dating from the 13th century, is the second oldest building preserved in the city, after the lighthouse on Neuwerk island.
It is the largest of the six cathedrals of the Russian Orthodox Church Outside Russia.
The St. Augustine Church of Baliuag and the Sub-Parish Church of Santo Cristo both belong to the Roman Catholic Diocese of Malolos.
The monastery belongs to the Eparchy of Mileševa and is dedicated to the Righteous parents of the Holy Mother of God, Joachim and Anne.
The basilica was completed between the years of 1691-1693, while the belfry was built earlier in 1338.
As of September 2008, the Imam was Abdullah Liu.
The remains of the Early-Romanesque ambulatory contain a few sarcophagi.
Noteworthy external decorative elements include a bell-less belfry and blind arches in the apse.
The cathedral is the seat of the Bishop of Orléans and was built from 1278 to 1329 and 1601-1829.
Their own parish was established on 30 November 1941.
In 1935 the congregation bought the old Quaker school on Gayley Street in Media.
St Anne's Church in Haughton, Denton is a Grade I Listed Building.
In the first, a rectangular room with barrel vault, five niches per side house busts of saints connected with the Franciscan tradition.
Another inscription, from a grave stone, records the name of Qaplan Orbelishvili who refurnished the monastery in 1671.
The Wimbledon Synagogue is a synagogue in the London Borough of Wandsworth at Queensmere Road, Wimbledon Park, on the boundary with the London Borough of Merton.
San Tommaso delle Convertite is a small church in Pisa, Italy.
Reading Abbey in turn founded a Benedictine priory in Leominster of which the Priory Church survives at grid reference SO49855927.
The synagogue is a cultural heritage of national importance in Switzerland.
Its official name is Gereja Santa Perawan Maria Diangkat Ke Surga.
A stone dome with corners decorated by muqarnas design and mosaic windows is situated atop the middle of the prayer hall.
It is both a Minor Basilica and a National Shrine.
The Church of Saint Gregory VII is a Roman Catholic parish church on the Via del Cottolengo in Rome dedicated to Saint Gregory VII.
The altar of the upper church consists of three parts: saint Michael the Archangel, the Cross, and the Mother of God of the Incessant Help.
At the middle of the next century, it was rebuilt by Prince Vasile Lupu and finished by his son Ştefăniţă, in November 1660.
The ornamentation features symbols such as Stars of David, and natural forms.
The town has four Jain temples, of which this is one.
It is located in the Bazaar suburb of Tabriz next to the Grand Bazaar of Tabriz and the Constitutional House of Tabriz.
Located in the center of town nearby is also the church of S. Mariane.
The cathedral is also noted for its stained glass windows.
It was commissioned by Defterdar Nazlı Mahmut Efendi and built by architect Mimar Sinan in 1542.
Thame Abbey was a Cistercian abbey at Thame in the English county of Oxfordshire.
Prince George Winyah Church is an Anglican church in Georgetown, South Carolina.
The Melaka Straits Mosque is a mosque located on the man-made Malacca Island near Melaka City, Melaka, Malaysia.
Originally an Armenian Apostolic Church, the church has been appropriated by the Georgian Orthodox Church since the early 1990s.
The last Cardinal-Priest of the titulus S. Silvestri in Capite was Desmond Cardinal Connell, Archbishop Emeritus Dublin, Ireland.
St. Michael's Cathedral is the product of a strong German presence in Shandong Province in the 19th and early 20th centuries.
As of 2010, the structure was still in use as a church.
Congregation Beth Ora is a synagogue serving the Orthodox Ashkenazi Jewish community in Saint-Laurent, Quebec, Canada.
Experts restored some of the artwork on the interior ceilings and walls of the convento in 1988.
Jesus is Lord Ministries is a large Evangelist church located in the neighbourhood of Tower Hill in central Freetown, the capital of Sierra Leone.
It was also known as Grimsby Abbey.
Patrixbourne Priory was a priory in Kent, England.
Following the trail a little further leads to the fortified walls and ruins of the monastic complex.
Wat Pasantidhamma, meaning "a peaceful temple in the woods", is a Thai Theravada Buddhist temple in rural Carrollton, Virginia.
Although never losing its significance, the cathedral subsequently suffered centuries of virtual neglect.
Combwell Priory was a priory about 10 miles southeast of Tunbridge Wells in Kent, England.
The mosque is located in the village of Kuin Utara, in Banjarmasin.
The tower of the church is 97 meters tall.
It was built by the Székely Hungarian community at a time when the area belonged to the Kingdom of Hungary.
The synagogue has approximately 1800 families and provides many daily programs for all ages, including a daily minyan.
Also dating from the Renaissance period is the Chapel of Saint Tobias next to the cathedral, now in use as the cathedral museum.
The building happened at night; the builders, interestingly, escaped persecution.
The cave has flat rocks that are presumed to be 'beds' and a small spring of "holy water" at the rear.
The Mosque of Abu Dahab is a mosque in Cairo, Egypt just beside Al Azhar Mosque.
Darun Aman Mosque or Ban Haw Mosque, is the biggest mosque in Chiang Rai Province.
The monastery has been damaged many times.
The church is a Rijksmonument and was designed in the Gothic style.
The Church of St George, Chester Road, Hulme, Manchester, is an early Gothic Revival church by Francis Goodwin, built in 1826-8.
St. Elefterie Church is a church near the Opera House in Bucharest, Romania.
He restored it, and converted it into an art gallery and performance space known as the Angel Orensanz Foundation Center for the Arts.
On December 18, 2011 the new Holy Family Cathedral was opened, and St. Paul's became a co-cathedral and continued to function as a local parish.
Chugureti St. Astvatsatsin Church is an Armenian church in Chugureti district of Old Tbilisi, Georgia.
Marienberg Abbey is a Benedictine abbey in Mals, Vinschgau in South Tyrol, northern Italy.
It was built in 1854 in the Gothic Revival style, and was made a Designated San Francisco Landmark on April 11, 1968.
Dedicated to St Wilfrid, the priory was a dependent cell of Croxton Abbey in Leicestershire.
The refectory building, consisting originally of two storeys, is constructed of squared sandstone rubble with ashlar dressings but with a 20th-century roof.
The Cathedral of Santa Ana is a Roman Catholic church located in Las Palmas, Canary Islands.
The Church of Our Lady of the Rosary, Asmara is a Roman Catholic church in Asmara, Eritrea.
The most prominent event celebrated at Nagore dargah is the Kanduri festival, a fourteen-day commemoration of the death anniversary of Shahul Hamid.
There is a vestry and small domed apsidioles.
The Juma Masjid, Palayam Mosque is the most important mosque in Thiruvananthapuram.
It was built by Mario Paniconi and Giulio Pediconi from 1960 to 1961, to serve a parish erected by Pope Pius XII in 1952.
The mosque was built in the beginning of the 1990s with assistance of the Turkish government.
Monk's Well conduit house still stands, 280 metres west of the manor house.
Today it continues to operate as a Dominican priory and the novitiate house of the English Province of the Order of Preachers.
In 1630, Venice experienced an unusually devastating outbreak of the plague.
Ratac Abbey was under jurisdiction of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Bar, though relations between Ratac abbots and Bar archbishops were not always good.
San Carlo ai Catinari, also called Santi Biagio e Carlo ai Catinari is an early-Baroque style church in Rome, Italy.
Although the mosque is one of the oldest in Iran, it is still in use and is protected by Iran's Cultural Heritage Organization.
The ends of the towers are shaped like double bulbs, with a skylight in the centre.
Among the many reasons that inspired its creation, there is one that stands out.
Khanov says that eventually the structure will have 16 cupolas, corresponding to the 16 major world religions including past religions that are no longer practiced.
The mosque was built by the businessman Mithada Bikmeyeva, an ethnic Tatar, who was born in Norilsk.
Around 1468 it was granted to Eton College.
The Church of Saint-Germain-l'Auxerrois is situated at 2 Place du Louvre, Paris 75001; the nearest Métro station is Louvre-Rivoli.
The cathedral is the See of the Metropolitan Archbishops of the city of Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.
The congregation was first established in 1923, and met at the local YMCA.
Around the parish a small retail park and various local shops are located.
It is reputed to be the first church dedicated to Mary in history.
It is one of the oldest churches in the city and has undergone numerous changes since its foundation.
The Church of San Pellegrino in Vaticano is an ancient Roman Catholic oratory in the Vatican City, located on the Via dei Pellegrini.
Richard Mauleverer founded the priory c. 1100 in the Benedictine order and granted them tithes and lands.
A chapel at the site, adjacent to a leprosarium, was dedicated to the Holy Cross as is documented in 1181.
The temple was built in 1918, designed by architect Rafael Ruano.
It is currently the chapel of the United college as well as being the major university chapel.
It was damaged in 1939 when the Germans were retreating from the eastern bank of the San River and destroyed by the Nazis in 1941.
There was a water well and basin near the entryway for ritual washings.
A plaque is in its place now.
Following LaVey's death, members of the Church of Satan unsuccessfully attempted to raise funds to repurchase the house, and it was demolished on October 17, 2001.
Kodža Mehmet Beg Mosque is a Sunni mosque in the village of Tabanovce, Kumanovo Municipality, Macedonia.
For two years running it was voted the world's second favourite landmark by TripAdvisor.
The Sha'ar Hashamayim Synagogue is located in Cairo, Egypt.
Its outer facade has one of the best brickworks in Isfahan.
Due to the space required of a growing family, the two-story front portion of the house was added in the 1870s.
St Peter & Paul Priory, Ipswich was a priory in Suffolk, England.
The Schottenkirche is a parish church in Vienna attached to the Schottenstift, founded by Hiberno-Scottish Benedictine monks in the 12th century.
The original use of the temple was a worship place for Guanyin, the goddess of mercy.
The first preparations for the synagogue's construction date to 1903, while the construction itself had begun on 13 November 1905.
Hardenbergh's design incorporated features common to fourteenth-century German and English Gothic churches.
The original grant was said to provide for a prior, a monk, and a parish chaplain to reside at Horsley.
The basilica was an impressive building, one of the greatest in Hungary.
The Synagogue is located at 2 Lermontovskii Prospekt, St. Petersburg, Russia.
The icon is a copy of the original image supposedly sculpted in Rimini in 1286 by a shepherd named Rustico and miraculously brought to Venice.
Beit Warszawa Synagogue is a liberal Jewish synagogue officially opened in 1999 in Warsaw.
The minaret is located in the Emam Khomeini street, Ayatollah Taleghani intersection, opposite the Fanous park.
The initial wooden-frame building called St. Louis Church was erected on the site where Sacred Heart stands today.
In August 2010, renovations were nearing completion, with finishing touches being made to the interior of the building.
It was built by Mohammad Hosseyn Tabrizi.
Today, the land on which both churches and the entire monastery are standing formally belongs to France.
Edward Gannon was the first pastor of the parish.
In the 12th and 13th centuries, Kecharis was a major religious center of Armenia and a place of higher education.
It was a spiritual and political center of the Paštrovići clan.
The building lies in the Istanbul district of Osmanbey, in the neighborhood of Pangalti, along Ergenekon Caddesi.
An-Nasr Mosque has a turquoise dome and its prayer room is located in the second floor of the building.
The 2,300 seats church is enlarged in 1991-92 and is still in use by the Restored Reformed Church.
It is owned by "The First Church of Lombard".
Tsässon was built about 1911 in village Võmmorski in Estonia.
The church of San Clemente is an ancient Roman Catholic church located near the Piazza del Foro, in central Brescia, region of Lombardy, Italy.
The Darvazeh No mosque is a historical mosque from the Qajar era in Isfahan, Iran.
On 4 December 2004, Bishop Daniil – who heads the Romanian diocese in Serbia – dedicated the church bells.
It is well known for paintings on its walls.
Referring to the church's design, Wright once said, "this little church" was designed as a "Pole and Boulder Gothic".
Temple Beth-El is a synagogue located in Birmingham, Alabama.
Inside, there are more than forty works of art dating from the 16th through 19th centuries, including frescoes and paintings of various sizes.
The Church of Saint Susanna at the Baths of Diocletian is a Roman Catholic parish church located on the Quirinal Hill in Rome, Italy.
The church is highly noticeable for its sand-stone facades, rose-colored wooden windows, and its new towering campanile.
It is related that this emamzadeh is the grave of Ja'far ibn Abī Tālib, a companion of Mohammad.
It is now used as a sports club.
The Caferağa Medresseh is a former medrese, located in Istanbul, Turkey, next to the Hagia Sophia.
It was then that the church moved to Counterslip and acquired the name that it is still known by today.
Indeed, due to changes in the original, St Paul's is closer to Trinity's original appearance than Trinity itself.
In 2008, the congregation seceded from the United Synagogue of Conservative Judaism and affiliated with the Canadian Council of Conservative Synagogues.
The church was completely rebuilt on two occasions.
It was inaugurated on October, 17th 1992 in the presence of the Khalifatul Masih IV and many Members of Parliament.
An interior chapel has an Immaculate Conception by Santi di Tito.
The administration and maintenance of the dargah is governed by a committee which operates under a scheme decreed by the Madras High Court.
First: The name of the proposed corporation shall be: The Reformed Dutch Church of Prattsville, New York
In 2001, the building underwent extensive renovations.
Nicolae Iorga was also present; he donated a silver engolpion and a valuable icon.
The Abu Hanifa Mosque or also known as is one of the most prominent Sunni mosques in Baghdad, Iraq.
The private royal family crypt is not open to the public.
It is located to the west of the North Alun-alun of Yogyakarta Kraton.
The Panagia Episkopi is the previous middle-Byzantine cathedral of the Greek Cycladean island of Santorini.
It is situated in the city's centre.
It is housed in a Gothic Revival synagogue, built in 1849 for Congregation Ansche Chesed.
It was founded in 1149 or 1150 by Ulrich von Tarasp and other nobles.
Construction began in 1805, making it the oldest in Padang and one of the oldest in Indonesia.
San Domenico is a Gothic-style, Roman Catholic church in Pisa, Italy.
The monastery is located in a gorge formed by the Digor River.
The cathedral was originally to be named "Holy Cross", but changed to "Holy Martyrs" in honour of the canonized martyrs of the Armenian Genocide.
The building is decorated with stucco, traces of which survive.
The church has been designated by English Heritage as a grade II* listed building.
The Jāmeh Mosque of Nishapur is the grand congregational mosque of Nishapur city, within Nishapur County, Khorasan.
The church of the Holy Savior of Valdediós is a Roman Catholic pre-romanesque church, located next to Villaviciosa, Asturias, Spain.
Saint Raphael the Archangel Catholic Church is a Roman Catholic Jesuit church located in Raleigh, North Carolina, United States.
Nevertheless, much of the complex is still intact and stands today without substantial alterations.
The synagogue was designed by Ludwig Förster and built between 1856 and 1862 in neo-Romanesque style.
His son Muizud Din Mubarak Shah succeeded him.
San Nicolò dei Mendicoli is a church, which is located in the sestiere of Dorsoduro in Venice.
Ron Aigen was hired as the congregation's first paid rabbi in 1976, and Heather Batchelor was hired as the first cantor in 2009.
The hinges are in the shape of the Hyssop plant, a plant used in the ancient Temple service.
Joseph Rabinowitz was cantor from 1891 to 1943.
Some time after 1699, the relics of Archbishop Arsenije I were moved from Dovolja to the Dobrilovina Monastery.
The mosque that stands on the first of the Casbah’s many steep stairways, was logistically and symbolically the cynosure of the pre-colonial city of Algiers.
Al-Aqsa Mosque, also known as Al-Aqsa and Bayt al-Maqdis, is the third holiest site in Islam and is located in the Old City of Jerusalem.
Built in the Shingle style, the structure combined both stone and shingles.
The church was again assigned to the Jesuits only in 1924.
The Temple is visited both by tourists and by people seeking Khanov's help.
It is the oldest Jewish synagogue in Southeast Asia.
It takes its name from a fresco of San Leonardo.
Built between 1884 and 1914, it was dedicated on December 13, 1928, and became the cathedral church of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Port-au-Prince.
It features an Early English south aisle, a Decorated Gothic chancel and a Perpendicular Gothic tower.
It is featured, along with the San Antón Bridge, in the city's coat of arms.
It was built in 1823-1826 by Sultan Mahmut II.
The Khan's Mosque has been designated a public museum since the 1930s.
As of 2011, the rabbis were David M. Sofian and Karen Bodney-Halasz.
The foundation stone for the church was laid in 1866 and completed in 1872; it closed for worship in 1989.
It is mainly build of brick and covers an area of 9700 m² with the prayer hall alone covering 2464 m².
Initially Roman Catholic, it became Lutheran following the Reformation.
It was located next the gateway in the city walls of the road that lead to Calci, hence the name Calcesana.
Dorchester Friary, also known as Dorchester Priory, was a Franciscan friary formerly located in Dorchester, Dorset, England.
It had 1,622 registered members in 1940.
Khanov is known for his efforts in the treatment of alcoholism, drug addiction, and various other diseases.
B'nai Abraham is home to a Jewish Preschool, as well as Lubavitch of Center City.
The two tablets of the 10 commandments on both sides of the doors were made of polished silver.
The Priory ruins stand close to the Richmond to Reeth road, just a mile downstream from the former Benedictine Priory of Marrick.
It is the only one in city which has entirely maintained its original Palaeo-Christian appearance.
In 1552, it became property of the Dominican nuns of San Pietro Martire.
The temple covers an area of 37,900 square metres.
It was seriously damaged in the 1766 earthquake and was rebuilt in 1771 to a different design.
Today's ruins consist of a cathedral, refectory, dormitory, kitchen, cellars, turrets and ramparts.
The largest, and earliest hall, dating from the 11th-century Liao Dynasty, is the Mahavira Hall and is one of the largest of its kind in China.
It also has the greatest interior volume of any French cathedral, estimated at 200,000 cubic metres.
The Domesday Book of 1086 records an unusual amount of detail of the priory and its history.
It has a "Hauz"(pond) and three "WuzuKhana"(Washroom and sitting Room) on its premises.
The priory church was dedicated to Saints Mary and Nicholas.
The Golden Mosque acquired its name for its gold-painted dome as well as for its location in Globo de Oro Street.
Construction began in 1415 and the mosque was completed in 1421.
The church was rededicated to St Lawrence in 1839 and became a parish church in 1854.
The Mansouri Great Mosque is a mosque in Tripoli, Lebanon, also known simply as The Great Mosque of Tripoli.
The founder, Ralf Fitz Gilbert, was already dead, and his lands in the possession of his grandson, Hugh.
It was to serve the Catholic community needs and was firstly mentioned in 1303, in conjunction with the town of Trepča.
Wereham, Priory of St. Winwaloe was a priory in Norfolk, England.
The bell tower dates from the late 16th century.
The Statue of Ahimsa is located at Mangi-Tungi, near Nashik in the Indian state of Maharashtra.
The church and its Tudorbethan rectory were listed as Church of the Holy Innocents and Rectory on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
Since then the cathedral has undergone a number of renovations.
According to Kadir Ali, the brick mosque was built by Shahghali at some point in the mid-16th century.
The interior frescoes date to after 1875.
The church of San Babila was built on the same site in about 1095.
Stična Abbey is the oldest monastery in the territory of today's Slovenia.
The southern wall of the church has completely fallen down.
It was a college of secular canons, founded before 1061.
The congregation conducts daily, Sabbath, and Jewish holy day services.
Numerous foundations may be seen, along with the remains of a Tukh Manuk funerary chapel of the 5th century.
A tomb believed to belong to King Ashot III which had survived at least up to 1920 is now nowhere to be found.
This hamam is the only hamam in Montenegro.
St. Peter and St. Paul's Church is a Roman Catholic church located in the Antakalnis neighbourhood of Vilnius, Lithuania.
Old Russian bonds put into an envelope had been found during the reconstruction.
The church owns its own building and include two sanctuaries, classrooms, a gymnasium, and a kitchen.
Himself a Roman Catholic, he designed it together with his partner Maurice Youssef Cattaui.
A few medieval sculptured fragments are built on to the walls.
The main synagogue that was located next to Beit Midrash Hagadol has been destroyed.
Santa Croce is a Roman Catholic church located on Corso Vittorio Emanuele 178 in Padua, Region of Veneto, Italy.
The building committee included Rabbi Aloy, obm, Mr Shaul Bacher, obm, Mr Mitzie Yachad and others.
The Sacred Heart of Jesus Parish - Kamuning is in the SVD Philippine Central Province, which is headed by a Provincial Superior.
This mosque also acts as the rest area for Muslims to perform their prayers during, before or after vacation to Genting Highlands.
It is situated in the countryside of Qiaotou village about 6–7 kilometres southwest of the ancient city of Pingyao.
It was founded in the 12th century and dissolved in 1537.
The Choral Synagogue of Vilnius is the only synagogue in Vilnius that is still in use.
The original membership of the parish was 72.
The church of Sant'Egidio is located in the historic center of Mantua on Via Pietro Frattini.
The current spiritual leader is Rabbi Simcha Hopkovitz.
Umm Haram was the wife of Ubada bin al-Samit, a companion of the Prophet Muhammed.
Frisch's successor, David Jacobson, had a less confrontational style but was also politically active.
The grave of Saint Baba Adam Shahid stands near by the mosque.
Excavations in 1926 demonstrated that the church and claustral buildings were a replica of the mother-house.
After John, the King let the priory out again to the Bishop of Carlisle.
It was built as the Imambara or house of the imam of the Shia community.
Rayner de Evermue died before its completion, leaving them with a meagre endowment which left them extremely poor.
The church is presently used as a concert hall.
San Giorgio al Palazzo is a baroque-style, Roman Catholic church in central Milan, region of Lombardy, Italy.
The Al-‘Abbās Mosque or Masjid al-‘Abbās is the mausoleum of ‘Abbās ibn ‘Alī and historical building, located across from the Imām Husayn Mosque in Karbalā, Iraq.
In 2002, the church was completely renovated.
The complex, which includes St. Claire's Chapel and St. Mary Help of Christians Church, is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
It features an engaged bell tower with pyramidal roof and finials.
It contains a relic, the Moi-e-Muqqadas, believed by many Muslims of Kashmir to be a hair of Muhammad.
It serves a congregation of about a hundred members daily.
St Mary the Virgin is a Church of England parish church in Henbury, Bristol, England.
As Tampa grew, so did the parish, and by 1897 it was decided that a new church was needed.
At the basilica they wash themselves and drink the water from the rock on which the statue was found.
The church has relics of Saint Hugh of Lincoln, Saint Boniface and the Virgin Mary; and an unusually tall spire.
It is named in honour of Stephen, the first King of Hungary, whose supposed right hand is housed in the reliquary.
The site is now marked by a memorial tablet, installed in 1988.
The church, located on the corner of 6th and Reynolds Street, is the oldest church congregation in Augusta.
It is the see of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Melo.
The 3,500 lb, 55 in diameter bell was cast in 1911 by McShane Bell Foundry in Baltimore, Maryland.
The interior of the church is decorated with Byzantine-style wall paintings and mosaics.
The Reformed Church is a church in Guruslău, Sălaj, Romania, completed in the 1835.
The congregation was founded in 1906 by a group of Yiddish-speaking Jewish farmers from Russia and Eastern Europe.
It is named after John the Evangelist.
The court ruled that it was the Muslim equivalent of church bells.
The congregation completed its current Classical Revival synagogue building in 1910 and its "Jewish Deco" Temple House in 1929.
Westcot Camera was a priory in Oxfordshire, England.
The building serves as a parish church, diocesan cathedral, private residence, meeting space, office building, library, archive storage, banquet hall and community centre.
The building was once the site of George Taylor Denison's home Bellevue.
This means the top of the tower is displaced horizontally 3.9 metres from the centre.
It is one of "The Three Great Ancestral Courts" of the Complete Perfection School of Taoism, and is titled "The First Temple under Heaven".
Originally built as a Sephardi synagogue for Dutch Jews trading in Exeter, it is now a synagogue of the Ashkenazi rite.
It is affiliated to the Israel Movement for Reform and Progressive Judaism.
Sailo in 1984 and the members are known as 'the elects.'
What are said to be the remains of Saint Agnes are below the high altar.
First Lutheran Church of Venice is a congregation in the Lutheran Church–Missouri Synod, located on the westside of Los Angeles.
Büyük Selimiye Mosque, often known simply as Selimiye Mosque, is situated in the district of Üsküdar in İstanbul, Turkey, right across the Selimiye Barracks.
The crypt has 13th-century frescoes, and one of a Enthroned Madonna and Saints, attributed to Antonio Boselli.
Sunni Muslim tradition places Zaynab's tomb in the mosque of the same name in Cairo, Egypt.
The Resurrection Cathedral is an Albanian Orthodox church situated in the center of Tirana, Albania.
It was built in 1792, when the settlement was known as Brookfield.
Construction began in 1902 at Via del Pomerio 31, and it was finished on September 18, 1903.
Chinese Mosque, Rantau Panjang or Sultan Ismail Petra Silver Jubilee Mosque and Beijing Mosque is a Chinese-style mosque in Rantau Panjang, Kelantan, Malaysia.
In the very beginning of the 20th century the present elegant bell tower was added by Gencho Novakov, on a design by the Italian Paul Forlani.
The Lulua Mosque is a mosque in Cairo, Egypt, that was built in 1015–16 AD.
After going through a series of rabbis, and periods without one, the congregation hired Meyer Lovitt as rabbi in 1929; he would remain until 1954.
It is located in the old city of Sidon in the Jewish neighborhood or quarter known colloquially as ḥarat al-yahūd.
This is the only reported apparition of Mary to have occurred before her believed Assumption.
It is a three-nave basilica church with no dome.
Blackfriars, Thetford was a friary in Norfolk, England.
It moved to the Conservative movement, and became egalitarian in the 1980s.
Following the 2006 Toronto terrorism arrests, it emerged that Fahim Ahmad and a number of other suspects were members of the mosque.
Recent reconstructions have eliminated all but ancient decorations, the church is now occupied by a Franciscan order.
Its 70 stained glass windows were designed and manufactured for Sacred Heart by Franz Mayer & Co. of Munich, Germany.
As the Reform Movement in Judaism spread in the United States during the early Twentieth Century, the synagogue became affiliated with this framework.
It is one of at least three Roman churches dedicated to him, including San Carlo al Corso and San Carlo alle Quattro Fontane.
Design elements of the gavit's west portal were heavily influenced by Islamic architecture.
The building cost nearly US$60 million to construct.
The church was built in 1868, on land given by the Beckett family of Kirkstall Grange who paid £10,000 towards it.
It is administered by Anjuman Inthazamiya Masajid.
It is situated on Javakheti Plateau, 12 km southwest from Akhalkalaki.
It was active throughout the latter half of the 19th century and most of the 20th.
It is dedicated to the First-called Apostle of Christ, Saint Andrew.
This minaret dates back to the 14th century.
Humberston Abbey was an abbey in Humberston, Lincolnshire, England.
The courtyard houses also spaces for the imam, muezzin, other mosque officials, and a library.
Lonban, one of the oldest quarters of Isfahan, is famous for its mosque.
The Church of Holy Trinity is an Anglican church on Bell Hill in Stapleton, Bristol, England.
It is located in Ernakulam district of Kerala state, India.
It was one of the first religious houses to be founded in England.
Ingham Priory was a priory in Norfolk, England.
In 1401 the priory was being farmed for the king by the prior, Michael Rogers, and one Michael Montayn.
For its first fifty years, B'nai Israel did not have a permanent home.
Thornholme Priory was a priory in Lincolnshire, England, lying on the western side of the Ancholme carrs between the villages of Broughton and Appleby.
Star Mosque, is a mosque located in Armanitola area, Dhaka, Bangladesh.
The Metropolitan Cathedral is listed in the National Register of Historic Monuments.
The organization, 'Muslims in Britain' classify the Glasgow Central Mosque as, Deobandi.
The first parochial school in Kaunas at the St. Peter and St. Paul church was mentioned in 1473.
When still operational, it served as the seat of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Mogadiscio.
The enshrined image in it is of Parsvanatha in a standing pose, crowned with a serpent hood.
Carmelite Friary, Winchester was a friary in Hampshire, England.
Tondo Church is one of the most visited churches in the Philippines.
Eidgah or Kheri Eidgah is a mosque and Eidgah near the railway tracks between Lakhimpur and Kheri.
The current Cardinal Priest of the Titulus S. Agnetis Extra moenia is Camillo Ruini.
From then until 2011, it was led by just three rabbis, William Stern, Samuel Broude, and Steven Chester.
Saint Edward Catholic Church in Pembroke Pines, Florida, was established in 1995 and constructed in 1999.
Alyth at Temple Fortune in north west London is a Jewish community that was founded in 1933.
Leominster abbey was an Anglo-Saxon monastery established at Leominster in the county of Hereford, England.
The Huasi Mosque is a mosque in China built during the reign of the Chenghua Emperor in the Ming dynasty.
Zrkinyants Saint Gevork Church was an Armenian Apostolic church in Tbilisi, Georgia.
In December 2015, Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull acknowledged the community’s contribution to Australia.
In 1754, a school room was added; this was extended in 1968 to include a kitchen and toilets, and was again modernised in 2009.
Significant contributions to the current church’s ornate design were made by N. Agladze.
The new combined see incorporated Exeter's three monastic buildings of the time, all of which were located in Saint Peter's Close.
It is still operational and currently houses the Warsaw Jewish Commune, as well as other Jewish organizations.
It is in the capital city of Muscat.
Another fire, this time accidentally, destroyed the synagogue in 1912, when Tripoli has recently been under Italian rule.
It has been the seat of the Bishop of Saint-Étienne since the foundation of the diocese on 26 December 1970.
The Synagogue Shomré Hadas, commonly known as the Hollandse Synagoge.
Adhai Din Ka Jhonpra is a mosque in the Ajmer city of Rajasthan, India.
Adolf Fredrik Church is a church in central Stockholm, Sweden, named after Adolf Frederick.
"Two or three days after savoring this spiritual and corporal happiness, we went to the church of Saint Sarkis in Ushi.
Together with the nearby complexes of Lalitgiri and Ratnagiri, it is part of Puspagiri University.
It is a small building in the Tudorbethan architectural style, with random stone and lancet stained glass windows on either side.
Congregation Beth Israel is a Reform synagogue located at 615 Court Street in Honesdale, Pennsylvania.
Basilica di Sant'Eufemia is a church in Milan, Italy.
It dates back to the 14th century.
In the olden days it was in the neighborhood of the old city gate.
In the mid-19th century, Frederick Douglass came to Terre Haute on two separate occasions to raise funds for the congregation.
The church building is noted for a hexagonal design and rich ornamentation.
Kinsham Grange may have been a priory near the River Lugg in Herefordshire, England at grid reference SO380652.
A hexagonal mausoleum has been built in the courtyard of the mosque which Mehmet Pasha earmarked as his grave.
Dating from 1695, it is the oldest church still standing in Jakarta.
Being the Western world's biggest mosque, it is the seat of the Italian Islamic Cultural Centre.
The church's reading room is located on Fayetteville Street in downtown Raleigh.
The church located on South Glenwood Avenue in downtown Raleigh.
The main monastic compound has not been found.
It is situated at 12 from Târgu Neamț city and 40 km from Piatra Neamț city.
Stupas have evolved from burial mounds and serve as a shrine for a relic of the Buddha.
Cotton Abbey was an abbey in Staffordshire, England.
Lipari Cathedral is a Roman Catholic cathedral in Lipari in the Province of Messina, Sicily, dedicated to Saint Bartholomew.
It is the oldest traditional Ashkenazi synagogue in Canada, incorporated in 1846.
Richmond Synagogue is an Orthodox Jewish community in Richmond, London.
This is topped by a Crucifixion scene with Mary and St John the Evangelist.
On 1997, it was declared as a national shrine by the Catholic Bishops' Conference of the Philippines.
The cathedral was expanded and enlarged from 1935 to 1938.
It was established in 1169 or 1170 and dissolved in 1399.
It is dedicated to Anthony the Great, known as San Antón in Spanish.
On the inscription, some Koran verses have been written in white Thuluth script on the ultramarine background.
The synagogue's current rabbi is Dr David Zucker.
The Cathedral was heavily damaged in a fire in 1797, but was later fully renewed.
The other buildings erected nearby at that time have since disappeared.
It is the see of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Tacuarembó since 1960.
Organized in 1861, it is the oldest Jewish congregation in Iowa.
The 1,160 seat church is still in use by the Restored Reformed Church.
In 1898, the Orthodox Metropolitan Palace was built near the cathedral.
It was home to Benedictine nuns from 1163-1539.
Drazark monastery, a destroyed monastic complex of Armenian Apostolic Church  in Adana province of modern Turkey, which lies about 24 km.
The church contains the earliest Roman depiction of Santa Maria Regina, the Virgin Mary as a Queen, from the 6th century.
According to local Islamic tradition, the northwest section of the mosque contained the shrine of a famous Islamic saint, Nabi Salih.
The chapel is one of the first and finest examples of the application of indigenous architecture in the design of an Anglican church in the country.
The basilica is on Michigan Avenue in the northeast quadrant of Washington.
The original St. Peter’s began as an Episcopal mission established in 1853.
Saint Mary Mother of the Redeemer Church is a parish in the Roman Catholic Diocese of Toledo.
The late Sultan Salahuddin was buried in the mosque's grounds.
Over its history, the church has been Ukrainian Orthodox, Ukrainian Catholic, and Roman Catholic.
The Ahmadiyya Jamaat in Australia was registered as the Ahmadiyya Muslim Association of Australia Inc. on 7 September 1987.
Originally suppressed in 1536, Benedictine nuns from Stainfield were then moved in by the King.
The mosque was brought to its current state in 1631 by Silahdar Murtaza Pasha.
The cathedral was raised to the honor of a minor basilica by Pope Paul VI on December 17, 1970.
The nave measures 52 meters long and 35 meters wide.
Carcassonne Cathedral is a cathedral and designated national monument in Carcassonne, France.
It is a non-profit religious organization serving the Thai and Thai American communities.
Much of the agricultural precinct extended over the current boundaries of the property.
The state funeral of Hafez al-Assad was observed at the mosque.
The Mahkamah Mosque is a congregational mosque and madrasa, built in 1455.
It has been described by historians as "the best-preserved religious structure of the crusades".
Sinai Temple in the Westwood district of Los Angeles, California is the oldest and largest Conservative Jewish congregation in the greater Los Angeles area.
It is an example of Franciscan architecture.
San Jacopo sopr'Arno is a church in Florence, Italy.
The Sioni Cathedral of the Dormition is a Georgian Orthodox cathedral in Tbilisi, the capital of Georgia.
Hedvig Eleonora Church is an octagonal church.
Although once described as within Lincolnshire, it is currently located in Leicestershire, near the present Belvoir Lodge.
Congregation Beth Jacob is an Orthodox congregation located at 1855 Lavista Road in Atlanta, Georgia.
Its construction began in 1221, following French Gothic patterns.
It was one of the first large synagogues of its kind built in Poland at the invitation of the King of Poland.
Prof. Tavger wrote in his book My Hebron about the Avraham Avinu synagogue:
It was built in 1879-1881, designed by Karol Korn.
Together with the surrounding village, the church forms part of the villages with fortified churches in Transylvania UNESCO World Heritage Site.
The Zahir Mosque is Kedah's state mosque.
Sinai Synagogue, Leeds is a Reform Jewish community on Roman Avenue in Roundhay, Leeds, West Yorkshire, England.
A building was erected shortly after the church was established, housing it for the rest of the 18th century.
The Mosque of al-Hakim, nicknamed al-Anwar, is a major Islamic religious site in Cairo, Egypt.
The church of Santi Cosma e Damiano is located in central Genoa, Italy.
The solemn public ceremony took place on December 12, 1997, in the parish church of Vaduz, which was then raised to the dignity of a cathedral.
The Fazl Mosque, also known as The London Mosque is a mosque in Southfields, in the London Borough of Wandsworth.
It seeks to provide English-speaking Reformed Christian worship and pastoral care to a multinational community.
In 1534 the prior subscribed to the kings supremacy, and the house was surrendered by the prior and 5 canons and 9 nuns in 1538.
It is the seat of the Bishops of Arras.
The building is situated in the Varosha Quarter - the old town in Targovishte.
The Chiesa del Sacro Cuore is located in Via Capo di Mondo in Florence.
Imāmzādeh Qāsem is a tomb in Shiraz to Isfahan city in entries Zarghan located.
There are decorations and paintings on its walls depicting the life of Jesus.
In 1982, its two former buildings in Detroit, at 3424 and 8801 Woodward Avenue, were listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
A restoration in 1952-1999 returned the church to its original lines.
The Ali ebn-e Sahl mausoleum became a meeting place of mystics and dervishes.
Kashveti was built on the site of a damaged church built of brick at the request of the Amilakhvari family in 1753.
It was commissioned by Suleiman the Magnificent as a memorial to his son Şehzade Mehmed who died in 1543.
It is part of the Diocese of Buffalo.
It is the third largest mosque in Latin America.
The name was later changed to Beth Ora in 1959.
Stone from the Priory has been used in Abbey Farm and its outbuildings on the site, as well as other buildings in the village of Pentney.
It was dissolved in 1527 as a by-product of Cardinal Wolsey's scheme to establish a college within Oxford University.
Marmashen Monastery is a 10th-century Armenian monastic complex consisting of five churches near the village of Marmashen in the Shirak Province of Armenia.
The mosque was designed and built in 1904 or 1905.
It is the oldest substantially unaltered building in Long Street.
In 1569/70, Sir Henry Stanley, Lord Strange,, constructed a house from the monastic ruins.
The interior was reconstructed in 1764 in a late Baroque style, and linked to Confraternity of the Poor of Saint Roch.
San Frediano in Cestello is a Baroque-style, Roman Catholic church in the Oltrarno section of Florence, region of Tuscany, Italy.
At an early stage it was agreed that the new body would be called “Edgware and District Progressive Jewish Fellowship”.
The origins of Saint Botolphs church in Boston have their roots in the former priory church of the Benedictine monastery.
These crosses symbolise Jesus and His apostles.
The church is located between the Gwladys Street End and Goodison Road stands of Goodison Park.
Poti Cathedral, or Poti Soboro Cathedral, is a Georgian Orthodox church in downtown Poti, Georgia.
The Longos Vales's Monastery in Portuguese, Mosteiro de Longos Vales is a Monastery in Longos Vales, Monção, Portugal.
The Synagogue and Mausoleum are cared for and maintained by the Montefiore Endowment.
It was reopened again on Christmas Day 1985.
The Church of Saints Nicholas is an early Baroque parish church located in the Güns Valley in Lockenhaus, in the Austrian state of Burgenland.
The latter chapel has a canvas Madonna and child with Saints Peter and Paul by Giovanni Paolo Lolmo.
The Parroquia San Antonio de Padua, commonly known as the Iglesia de Curridabat is a church located in Curridabat, Costa Rica.
George H. Sharpe raised a Civil War regiment at the church, and later erected a monument in the churchyard to those volunteers.
The chapels stand around a central point at the highest part of the cemetery.
Its official denomination since 1979 is "Royal Belgian church and Foundation of Saint Julian of the Flemings".
It has a 13th-14th-century Gothic cloister, that gives access to two other Gothic rooms: the Barbazan chapel and the refectory.
St. Andrew Memorial Church is a Ukrainian Orthodox cathedral on Main Street, in South Bound Brook, New Jersey, United States.
The current church building is located on Roosevelt Avenue at 58th Street.
Meanwhile, Protestants, including Anglicans, have no permanent presence in the Church.
The Sultan Qaboos Grand Mosque is the main mosque in the Sultanate of Oman.
It is the first mosque to be built in Donets basin since the fall of the Soviet Union.
During the second renewal, an iconostasis was painted at the gates, signed by Sreten Protić Molerović 1835.
His ancestry goes back to Shams Tabrizi, Rumi's spiritual instructor.
With a capacity of 70,000 worshippers, it is the third largest mosque in Pakistan and the seventh largest mosque in the world.
The church is also host of Our Lady of Grace Catholic School, serving children from grades pre-k through 8.
The Archbishop's Palace is located on the northeastern side of the cathedral.
The Kharraqan towers are mausoleums, built in 1067 and 1093, located on the plains in northern Iran, near Qazvin.
This temple was built in the 1962.
It lies in the southern outskirts of the city, south of the Al Sabeen Maternal Hospital.
It is the oldest house of prayer affiliated with the Movement for Reform Judaism and is one of the oldest synagogues in the United Kingdom.
It is a rare example of expressionist church architecture.
Work, coordinated by city architect Iosif Schussnig, began in 1902 and was finished in 1904, when the copper roof was done.
Shir Hayim is a Reform Jewish synagogue and congregation at Hashomer House, Broadhurst Gardens, West Hampstead in the London Borough of Camden.
It is the third church built on the site.
In 2003, an electrical fire caused heavy damage to the front building which was used for library and office space, as well as a kitchen.
St. Joseph Basilica is a parish church in Webster, Massachusetts, founded in 1887 as the first Catholic parish designated for Polish immigrants in New England.
The mosque underwent some renovations during the Safavid and Qajar eras.
According to the turn-of-the-century Gazetteer for Pakhtunkhwa.
The central tower is 33 metres high and crowned by a bronze cross.
The Cathedral was awarded World Heritage Site status with the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization.
The buildings were begun in the second half of the 12th century.
A wall is lined with medals to commemorate those who fell in World War II.
Christ Church, Wharton, is in the town of Winsford, Cheshire, England.
It was probably the nuns' part of a double monastery along with her brother’s abbey on Boar's Hill.
It is believed the Augustinian Priory was founded during the reign of Henry II, although there is no mention of it before 1204.
By 1890 it had become outdated, and the current structure replaced it the next year.
Kamoyants Saint Gevork Church was an Armenian Apostolic church in Tbilisi, Georgia.
The synagogue was destroyed by Nazis during the Kristallnacht on 9–10 November 1938.
Polsloe Priory, a Benedictine priory for women founded circa 1159
There are close links between the church and Sheffield United F.C., whose ground is situated on Bramall Lane.
In 1958 George Pace added a new north porch and vestries.
An important archaeological find was the Sana'a manuscript, discovered there during restoration in 1972.
ft. of land, and is dedicated to Saint Lucy.
It is included in the list of protected historical and cultural heritage of Belarus.
The mosque is located beside the Hayat Bepari's Bridge in Narinda area.
The Preston Mosque is a mosque in Preston, Victoria, a suburb of Melbourne, Australia.
Freiston Priory was a Benedictine cell of Crowland Abbey founded in 1114, and became a priory soon afterwards.
Its construction was financed by the local Tatar merchant families.
The ceiling was frescoed by Agostino Veracini and stucco statuary designed by Camillo Caetani.
This began as "an outdoor prayer facilitated by Green Lane Masjid and Community Centre."
Born in Mecca in the late 8th-century CE, Sultan Abu al-'Ila moved to Egypt to be near Ahl al-Bayt.
The pre-war rabbi was executed by the Soviet government in 1937 and the building was converted into a trade union meeting hall.
The Taipei Cultural Mosque is a mosque in Zhongzheng District, Taipei, Taiwan.
It is at 7351 South Stony Island Avenue in the South Shore neighborhood.
The remaining ruins were left for 50 years as a war memorial, following decisions of local East German leaders.
The cathedral is dedicated to Saint Vincent de Paul, patron saint of charity.
It is one of the largest nunneries in Romania, having 300–400 nuns and ranking second place in population after Văratec Monastery.
It is the most important Jain Tirtha for the Jains.
The church has been a symbol of unity not just between Tamils and Sinhalese, but also between people of different religions, including Buddhists, Hindus and Protestants.
The church is located in the eastern part of central Berlin, the borough of Mitte.
The construction was finished in 1616, and the interior design completed in 1618.
Surp Hakob Church is located in the Kanaker-Zeytun District within the city limits of Yerevan, the capital of Armenia.
Vahanavank became the religious center for the kings of Syunik in the 11th century.
According to Islamic tradition, performing wudu in one's home then offering two rakaʿāt of nafl prayers in the Quba Mosque is equal to performing one Umrah.
The images range from Kalachuri period to modern times.
Al-Salam Mosque is a mosque located in the Qarabis neighborhood of Homs, Syria.
The Doppelkirche Schwarzrheindorf is a Romanesque church in Bonn, North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.
Santi Giusto e Clemente is an ancient church in Volterra, Italy.
In the synagogue, the community celebrates the daily Minyan and Shabbat and holiday services.
It was a new type of mosque developed by the Lodis in the fourth city of the medieval Delhi of the Delhi Sultanate.
The rich sculptural and stucco decoration was contributed by the Widmann family.
In 1296, the establishment is recorded as being home to 32 friars.
Initially, the church remained part of the parish of Grimesthorpe, but in 1864, it was given its own parish.
It is home to the Caravita Community, an international English-language Catholic community in Rome.
The mosque was opened on 7 November 2008 by Mirza Masroor Ahmad, the current and fifth caliph of Ahmadiyya Muslim Community.
Perth Mosque, located in Perth, Western Australia is the oldest mosque in Perth.
The Great Mosque of Brussels is the oldest mosque in Brussels.
It is also regarded as second to the Great Mosque of Gaza in terms of physical appearance and status as a Friday mosque.
After the Second World War, under the direction of Rabbi Leon Hurwitz, a Men’s Club and Sisterhood were organized.
The congregation in Terre Haute began meeting in 1837 in a small white church in town.
The church is the center of evangelical believers of the fourth Bratislavian district.
Both towers appear to be the work of the architect, Muhammad bin Makki al-Zanjani.
Esmahan Sultan Mosque is the oldest mosque in Romania.
The ministries of the Cathedral of the Rockies are extensive, involving many services to the surrounding community.
The church building is the only functioning portion of a former 16th century convent.
Saint Gregory subsequently became the king's religious mentor, and they led the proselytizing activity in the country.
The mosque is located 24 km east of Isfahan on the northern bank of Zayandeh Rud.
It was burned to the ground by the Nazis on November 11, 1939 before the Łódź Ghetto was set up.
Located at 666 Filbert Street, it is directly across from Washington Square and is administered by the Salesians of Don Bosco.
The Cathedral of Christ the Living Saviour is located in Cinnamon Gardens a suburb of Colombo, Sri Lanka.
The church is arched by round elements.
The Baitul Huda is a Mosque in Sydney run by the Ahmadiyya Muslim Community in Australia.
In 1992, it was declared a heritage site of Shandong Province.
Khtzkonk Monastery was a monastic ensemble of five Armenian churches built between the seventh and thirteenth centuries in what was then the Armenian Bagratid kingdom.
Construction began in 1865 but was not fully completed until 1892.
Shah Sheykh Abu Esshaq was a handsome, good-natured but ill-fated King in the 14th century, who was contemporaneous with Hafez.
Serlo built the impressive abbey Church of St Peter.
It is located beside Jameh mosque and is the burial place of a famous Sufi of Isfahan, Shah Alaeddin Mohammad.
Wesley is the largest Methodist church in the area, and is the center of the episcopal area in Kumasi.
San Cassiano is a 14th-century Roman Catholic church located in the San Polo sestiere of the Italian city of Venice.
The church was purposely built Protestant unlike many other Hamburg churches which were originally built by Roman Catholics and were converted to Protestantism during the Reformation.
This may explain the Tudor pargeting on the front of the building.
Maria Magdalena Church is a church on Södermalm in central Stockholm, Sweden.
During the French Revolution it was extensively defaced, and the interior was entirely restored in the early 19th century.
The Vaad Ha'ir Synagogue is a synagogue in Montevideo, Uruguay.
After the bombardment of 1684 it was restored several times, being again consecrated on December 4, 1892.
Kandanvilai is a village in Kanyakumari District, Tamil Nadu, India.
All of its activities are in accordance with the teachings of the Quran and following the teachings and traditions of Prophet Mohammed.
Funding for the building was provided by Jan Klemens Branicki.
The mosque's construction was financed by Datu Saudi Ampatuan Mayor, Samsodin Dimaukon.
The building has been called a "paraphrase over Oriental motifs", and it is listed in the Swedish registry of national historical buildings.
Chilcombe Camera was a priory in Dorset, England.
The Gazi Hajdar Kadi Mosque, is a mosque, situated in Bitola, Republic of Macedonia.
Spetisbury Priory, also Spettisbury Priory, was a medieval priory in Spetisbury or Spettisbury, Dorset, England.
The Sultan al-Nasir Muhammad ibn Qala'un Mosque is an early 14th-century mosque at the Citadel in Cairo, Egypt.
The Sultan Iskandar Mosque is a mosque located at Bandar Dato' Onn, Johor Bahru District, Johor, Malaysia.
The building belongs stylistically to the eleventh-twelfth century.
It is commonly known as the "Tbilisi Sioni" to distinguish it from several other churches across Georgia bearing the name Sioni.
The rabbi jumped Kotsev, and the rabbi's 18-year-old-son, Yosef Kogan, wrestled him to the ground.
Founded in 1119 be Robert De Brus as a Benedictine house.
From the 12th century the monastery was the seat of the diocese of Taron, which had an Armenian population of 90,000 in the early 20th century.
In 1785 or 1786, the Eastern Division was renamed Lebanon and the Western Division was renamed Bethel.
Carucate is derived from caruca, the Latin word for a plough, and was a unit of assessment for tax.
The statue has been built under the guidance of Jain monk Aryika Shri Gyanmati Mataji, and under the guidance of Aryika Sri Chandanamati Mataji.
Santa Maria in Vado is a church located on Via Borgovado number 3 in Ferrara, Region of Emilia-Romagna, Italy.
San Procolo is an early Gothic-style, Roman Catholic church and former monastery-hospital located on Via Massimo D'Azeglio #52 in central Bologna, region of Emilia Romagna, Italy.
It also included "Gothic Revival features, such as tracery windows".
The mosque has a capacity of 6,000, including women.
St Mary's Church is a Syro-Malabar parish church in Cheloor/Edathirinji, Kerala, India.
The building is valued at $80 million and at least $145 million has been raised by Church fundraising towards the project.
During this time, the church became active with the RRNLGE and joined the North Carolina chapter of the Council of Churches.
The monastery holds relics believed to belong to St. John the Baptist and his father St Zechariah.
The new building includes a prayer hall for at least 200 people.
The parish church sits on the left bank of the Rhône, in the 6th arrondissement of Lyon, at the Place Edgar Quinet.
Lawsuits in rabbinical and state courts led to the Bukharan congregation taking over the synagogue.
Sayyidah Zaynab Mosque is a mosque located in the city of Sayyidah Zaynab, in the southern suburbs of Damascus, Syria.
It is unlikely that there were ever more than three or four canons and a few lay brothers at this priory.
The parish associated with the church has been in existence since 1859.
In the early 2000s the church developed an extensive program for helping refugees and immigrants from Africa and Asia resettle in the Albany area.
The building cost $9.4 million, has 12,083 square feet and measures 60 by 170 feet, seating 760, on 107 acres of land.
The parish was established on 29 April 1934.
A permanent edifice at St John's Wood, with a capacity of 1,400 people and designed by architect Ernest Joseph, was dedicated on 13 September 1925.
It served as the cathedral church of the Diocese of Amarillo from 1975 to 2011.
A Madonna of the Snake by Ambrogio Figino, once found in the church, is now in the church of Sant'Antonio Abate of the city.
The mosque is named after Hashim al-Atassi, three-time Syrian President from the Al-Atassi family, a prominent landowning and politically active family from Homs.
As of 2011, the rabbi was Eric R. Slaton and the president was Michael Cohen.
At that time the pavilion housed a monumental painting on canvas: “Panorama of Cairo”, by the Belgian painter Emile Wauters, which enjoyed major success.
The mosque is located west of Lahore Fort along the outskirts of the Walled City of Lahore.
Over the years, its membership has dwindled and it has moved from its original Orthodox affiliation to Conservative, and eventually to Reform practices.
As of 2011, the rabbi was Rick Winer.
An additional 12,500 worshipers can be accommodated in the mosque's large esplanade.
Construction began in 1535, and the building has undergone many reconstructions and transformations since.
In doing so, he is said to have created the first truly Gothic building.
The building is shaped as a flame of a bonfire rising into the sky, a design that has no analogues in Russian architecture.
Church of the Nativity of the Virgin in Bogatić is the Serbian Orthodox Church, built in 1856 on the foundations where the old building once stood.
It was established between 1140-1160 and was destroyed by fire during the reign of Edward III.
After a partial collapse in 1820, the church was entirely rebuilt from 1837, being reconsecrated in 1850, to designs by Giovanni Meduna.
It is one of the oldest mosques in Kerala, with local legends dating back to 8th century AD.
The fifth tomb might be that of Artaxerxes III or the last Achaemenid king, Darius III.
It later stood in Las Vegas where some members of the Los Angeles Jain community discovered it in 1980.
The building also houses a Jewish library.
Inside the monastery there is a valuable collection of paintings from the 17th and 18th.
The Stella Maris Church is a Roman Catholic parish church in the neighbourhood of Carrasco, Montevideo, Uruguay.
The abbey was in the Roman Catholic Diocese of Lisieux.
It is a member of the Movement for Reform Judaism.
The Lancaster Cemetery Chapels are the three chapels, each built to serve a different denomination, in the main cemetery of Lancaster, England.
Temple Israel is the Jewish Reform Congregation of Ottawa.
The main door of the synagogue faces the southeast, towards Jerusalem.
The Assumption Church is 12.8 km north of Humboldt, Saskatchewan on Hwy 20 and 3.2 km east on Marysburg Grid 756.
The church ceiling has the symbols of the patron, Christina of Lorraine.
The chapel is the burial place of several members of the powerful Cornaro family, including Catherine Cornaro, Queen of Cyprus.
It is one of the oldest synagogues in the city.
Its former building, an impressive International Style structure built in the 1950s, is a U.S.
Despite the images being obviously modern in their representational style, some guides tell visitors the mosaic is antique.
The Mission offers many services to the Latin American community ranging from social to religious.
Beth Israel Synagogue is a Modern Orthodox synagogue located at 131 Wolf Willow Road NW in the Oleskiw neighbourhood in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada.
Lakemba Mosque is reportedly Australia's largest mosque.
The church is built over an underground church dating back to 50 AD.
Blackfriars, Norwich was a friary in Norfolk, England.
However, the devastating 1773 Guatemala earthquake seriously damaged much of the building, though the two towers at the front remained largely intact.
Sankighatta, The name comes from Settra + Ghatta = Settraghatta and is pronounced as Sankighatta.
The church was built again on top of the old stonewalls with famous architect Carl Ludvig Engel as the designer.
The kenesa has been a centre of the religious life of the Karaites of Yevpatoria since 1837.
Beth Israel moved to its current building in 1951.
Muğdat Mosque is a large mosque in Mersin, Turkey.
It was built to embellish the Gendarmenmarkt ensemble at the instigation of Frederick the Great.
St. Mary of the Angels Basilica, formerly St. Mary's Church, is a basilica located in Yarra Street, Geelong, Victoria, Australia.
The Basilica is within Italian territory and not the territory of the Vatican City State.
Vakil means regent, which was the title used by Karim Khan, the founder of Zand Dynasty.
The "Transfiguration" church - dating from 1847, with the code NT-II-m-A-10732.04
The Timișoara Orthodox Cathedral is a Romanian Orthodox church in Timișoara, in the historical Banat region, in western Romania.
He granted a piece of land to build a mosque on the south side of Malabar Street.
Temple Shaaray Tefila is a traditionally oriented Reform synagogue located at 250 East 79th Street on the Upper East Side in Manhattan, New York City.
The exact location of the nunnery is not known, but it may have been the site later occupied by Leominster Priory, a twelfth-century foundation.
The conversion of non-Islamic places of worship into mosques occurred during the life of Muhammad and continued during subsequent Islamic conquests and under historical Muslim rule.
After his wife died in 1754 portions of the property were sold off.
The church and the courtyard of the Basilica of the Birth of the Virgin Mary stand in the centre of Chełm on Chełm Hill.
Islamic Foundation North is a mosque located in Waukegan, Illinois.
Subsequent to the Reformation Parliament and the Act of Supremacy, the friary was dissolved 1535 during the dissolution of monasteries of the English Reformation.
Audrey Korotkin joined as a part-time rabbi in 2010.
Using a "church-in-the-round" approach, the square sanctuary is in the center of the structure surrounded by redwood pews.
Traces of the frescoes still exist on the weathered facade of the building.
It was elevated as a metropolitan archdiocese on April 28, 1934 with the dioceses of Dumaguete, Maasin, Tagbilaran, and Talibon as suffragans.
Great Massingham Priory was a priory in Norfolk, England.
I had time to think and recall its previous state, five or six years ago, and thought of the sequence of events that had transpired.
Its building was financed by Hadum Sylejman Efendia – Hadum Aga, which explains the name of the mosque.
Begun in 1998, it was completed in 1999.
The only decorative element of the mausoleum is a stucco Kufic inscription.
Barakhamba means '12 Pillars' in Urdu and Hindi languages.
‘Abbās was son of Ali ibn Abi Talib and the half-brother of Hasan and Husayn, and was the flag-bearer for Husayn in the Battle of Karbalā.
The main entrance is through a stone door.
Three domestic houses used as a vicarages were built on Glinkastraße/Taubenstraße and the two which survived World War II are still part of the parish today.
The cemetery received its first burial in 1964, the Ukrainian sculptor Serhiy Lytvynenko, and the church was dedicated on October 10, 1965.
Starting in 1951 the process of painting the interior murals, frescos, and icons began under the leadership of Professor Julian Bucmaniuk, a well-known muralist.
The foundation stone was laid on 19 July 1821, and the church was consecrated by Archbishop Vernon Harcourt on 29 June 1825.
Anshe Emet Synagogue is a Conservative synagogue located in the Lakeview neighborhood of Chicago, Illinois.
The group previously rented Washington Hall at West Main Street and Exchange Place.
In addition, a Mass to celebrate the investiture of King Juan Carlos I was held here.
It was built in 1905, and was destroyed by the German Army during World War II.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1974.
Across the Garni Gorge is the Havuts Tar Monastery and Aghjots Vank located in the Khosrov State Reserve.
By then members had again united to reconstruct the church which had been destroyed by fire.
Membership rose from 170 families in 1943 to 525 in 1979, but has since fallen to 425.
It is dedicated to Sulpitius the Pious.
The statue depicts the first Jain Tirthankara, Rishabhanatha.
For almost sixteen years, Congregation Ner Tamid members held services in people's homes and later in rented spaces.
It was founded in 1237 in Pilgrim Street.
The church is located on the Oppian Hill near Cavour metro station, a short distance from the Colosseum.
Our Lady of Copacabana is the patron saint of Bolivia.
As of 2014, Beth Israel was the oldest synagogue in the Phoenix metropolitan area.
According to Fosbrooke, much of the Friary was destroyed about 1567, while materials from the buildings were used to fortify Gloucester during the English Civil War.
Subsequent Islamic rulers greatly expanded and decorated it.
The building of the mosque is said to have been initially designed by Afghan architect Mir Hafizullah Hashimi.
It uses a "two-table" system at its potluck dinners in order to accommodate different standards of kashrut in a pluralistic community.
The Vavedenjska Church has a trefoil basis with a dome.
The mosque was one of the mosques in northern Thailand built by Hui people, known as Chin Haw in Thai.
Bagha Mosque is located at Bagha, 25 miles southeast of Rajshahi in Bangladesh.
The Millennium Church is located in the Fabric quarter of Timişoara, Romania, near the main Traian square.
Also distinctive in this part of the world is the wooden belfry tower.
It was a house of Cistercian nuns established in the 12th century and suppressed in 1539.
The Cathedral-Basilica of Our Lady of the Pillar is a Roman Catholic church in the city of Zaragoza, Aragon, Spain.
Permission was given to crenellate the priory in 1362.
Neighborhood demographics changed, and most Jews moved away starting in the 1970s.
The Chronicle of Mann was compiled at Rushen Abbey, as were many other important documents relating to the island.
Creeting St. Olave Priory was a priory in Suffolk, England.
The mosque was constructed between 2006 and 2008.
In accordance with the Manual of The Mother Church, the Mother Church is the only Christian Science church to use the definite article in its title.
Brick Lane Jamme Masjid, formerly known as the London Jamme Masjid, is a Muslim place of worship in the East End of London.
The Pudong Mosque is a mosque in Pudong District, Shanghai, China.
Established in 1871, it is considered a Cultural Property of Indonesia.
It was declared a World Heritage Site by UNESCO in December 1998.
Soltan Bakht Agha was Shah Sheykh Abu Esshaq's niece.
Juan de Zumárraga, the first Bishop of the first See of the New World, established in the Viceroyalty of New Spain, promoted this church's completion.
During the Middle Ages it was an important pilgrimage site.
The grouping to the west, now half-ruined, was constructed of rough-hewn basalt.
The 'The Cross of Anuradhapura' is also replicated in brass.
The cathedral, which has undergone an impressive transition of architectural styles of Romanesque, Gothic, Renaissance, Baroque and Neoclassical, was built to a Latin Cross plan.
San Salvatore in Onda is a church in Rome, Italy.
The back of the Hill was the early residence of Boston's black community and, later, of a series of immigrant communities.
Machzikei Hadas is a Modern Orthodox synagogue in South Ottawa, Ontario.
The Episcopal presence in Canandaigua,New York begins about 1799 with the St. Matthew Society, a missionary group.
Although there are many rozas across Gujarat, the Sarkhej Roza is the most revered.
His mausoleum belongs to the Pahlavi era, but his gravestone has the date 1087(islamic calendar), which is equal to 1676(Gregorian calendar).
The parish church, which dates back to Anglo-Saxon times, is thought to have been used by nuns.
Büyük Selimiye Mosque has a western style, a wide courtyard and four entrance doors.
For a long time it has been identified with the church of Saints Peter and Mark, but without any proof.
The church was built in the period 1847–1851 by Usta Dimitar from the Tryavna School.
Jamia Mosque is a mosque at Mid-levels, Hong Kong, China.
The mosque was located on 20 Yanvar street of Kocharli neighborhood of Shusha.
The St.Therese of Infant Jesus Church,Kandanvilai is the first Church which is dedicated to St.Therese after her Beatification and blessed on April 7, 1924.
His former and current patients help him to maintain and develop the Temple, either by direct involvement in the construction work or through sponsorship.
It is expected to open sometime in 2017.
A popular landmark, the basilica is located at the summit of the butte Montmartre, the highest point in the city.
However, it was badly damaged during the 2006 Borujerd earthquake.
In the early 18th century, it was replaced by a Baroque building.
The Niujie Mosque covers an area of approximately 10,000 square meters.
It was built by Savastokrator Vlatko and his father Duke Paskač around 1354.
The site was surveyed in 2011 as part of a dig by archaeological television programme Time Team.
Combined the structure cover an area of 54,000 square ft, the mosque dominates the landscape of Islamabad.
The skull and tibia of the latter are presumably among the relics in the church.
According to the research made on the church's frescoes, it is supposed that the church was built in the year 1191 by the Byzantines.
The site is now occupied by St Mary's Church.
The bell tower collapsed in 1405 and was rebuilt in 1425.
It is located between Neve Tzedek neighbourhood and the Mediterranean Sea, on the fast road to Jaffa.
In 2009, the mosque went through a major renovation to increase the capacity from 6000 people to 12,000 people.
The hill has 450 steps, three caves, and several temples belonging to the Digambara sect of the Jains.
He later converted to Islam, memorised the Quran and became the first ever Imam of the Dargah’s new built mosque.
The Five Dragons Temple is a Taoist temple located in Ruicheng, Shanxi Province, China.
It was rebuilt by Luis Menéndez Pidal y Alvarez.
The Macau Mosque and Cemetery is the only mosque and Muslim cemetery in Nossa Senhora de Fátima, Macau, China.
It has an area of 30,000 square metres and is 158 metres high.
The building was dedicated on September 8, 1912 and services began in 1913.
The low sash window and shortened door are not by design; Long Street was raised over the years.
This makes the church the first in North America to make use of photovoltaic cells in a stained glass installation.
It was completed the following year, with consecration by the Archbishop of York, Thomas Musgrave, taking place in 1854.
Hammarstrom worked with the San Francisco architectural firm of Marquis and Stoller on St. Anselm's.
The Status Quo, a 250-year old understanding between religious communities, applies to the site.
The original building was torn down at the behest of Peter the Great in 1702, but its wide stone minaret survives.
The works of medieval architecture in Mastara include, among others, numerous khachkars.
It contains a number of chapels, most in the Baroque style of the early 17th century.
It is located about a block from the church of the Santissima Annunziata on Corso Umberto I.
The patrons of the church are St. Archangels Michael and Gabriel.
It is located in Padang Utara Subdistrict, Padang, West Sumatra.
St. Luke's Episcopal Church is a historic Episcopal church located on Bedford Road in Katonah, New York, United States.
The Nomer Tamid Synagogue of Białystok was a wooden synagogue in Białystok built in 1703 or 1711.
Soltani Mosque of Borujerd was known as Masjed Shah in the Pahlavi Dynasty and today it is called Masjed-e Imam Khomeini.
Between 1919 and 1967, the Cathedral served as the provincial cathedral of the Church of Uganda, Anglican Communion.
The synagogue, not usually active, is kept by Margalit Zinati.
Inside the temple there is a replica of the Ark of the Covenant constructed according to "biblical orientations".
However, some ruins may have survived to be rebuilt as Cholsey parish church, where Anglo-Saxon masonry survives in the tower.
The facade was reconstructed in 1706 using a bequest from Michele Tommasi.
The synagogue together with the nearby Jewish cemetery is all that remains of the Jewish community of the village which disbanded during the 1970s.
In the early 1900s, the abbey ruins became a popular tourist destination, famous for the strawberries and cream served in its gardens.
The house occupies an entire block near the church park.
The Franciscan Center's main building is two stories high.
It is the seat of the bishop of Volterra.
The name of the shrine comes from the Urdu word Hazrat, meaning "respected", and the Kashmiri word bal, meaning "place".
The Hadum Mosque in Gjakova, Kosovo was built in the last decade of the 16th century by the architect Mimar Sinan.
Located on a top of a steep cliff, it overlooks Rioni River which is joined the Lukhuni River just below the mountain.
In 2008 it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Little Dunmow Priory in Little Dunmow was an Augustinian priory in Essex, England.
The shrine is the National Heritage Monument of Pakistan.
It belongs to the Eparchy of Raška and Prizren.
The church’s bell was dismantled and sent to Columbia to be melted down in support of the Confederate cause.
The church was later instrumental in helping establish black churches in the area.
Established in 1517, the Titulus San Calixti is currently held by Willem Jacobus Cardinal Eijk.
The church takes its name from the red stone used to build it.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
One tapestry, named Beth El, reflects Genesis 28:10–19, and the other, named Israel, reflects Genesis 32:25–32.
In 1989, the church was granted to the Dutch community in Rome.
Established as titulus S. Antonii in Campo Martio in 2001, it is currently assigned to Cardinal Manuel José Macário do Nascimento Clemente.
The dome of the building is decorated with tempera also by Gregorio Are.
It is located near the Chengde Mountain Resort, which is south of the Putuo Zongcheng.
The octagonal bell tower has the first example of public clock.
Growing prosperity and concern for the material needs of a spiritual leader motivated financial support from the Reformed Church people.
It was built in the 12th century at the site of what was a pagan shrine.
In 1794 the estate was given for use as a convent by Carmelite nuns.
It is located on 2406 Putty Hill Ave, Parkville, Maryland, 21234.
The Abdallah Ibn Salam Mosque is a mosque in Algeria.
Construction on the CAD$28.5 million 65,000 sq ft cathedral started in 2010. and it opened on December 18, 2011.
Gornjak monastery belongs to the Moravska architectural school.
The mosque sits on top of a prominent hill, overlooking the Straits of Johor.
It was owned by Glastonbury Abbey and the property was sold in 1289 to a local landowner.
Two years later, Al-Rashid was stabbed and killed by Hashshashins in 1138.
The spire is topped with a cross and is 163 ft above grade.
The synagogue generally serves the Aleppo or descendants of the Syrian Jewish community.
Auch Cathedral Basilica is a Roman Catholic church located in the town of Auch in the Midi-Pyrénées, France.
For a long period, it also served as a defensive building.
The mosque is located towards the southwest of city, in the center of the ancient city of Toon.
The mosque has a 39 feet high minaret and can hold 500 worshippers.
At the top of the tower Kufic inscriptions were originally observable.
Sha'arei Tsedek: North London Reform Synagogue, a member of the Movement for Reform Judaism, is a synagogue in Whetstone in the London Borough of Barnet.
It is dedicated to Mary, mother of Jesus, and is located on Piazza Capranica.
During the Armenian Genocide, in April–May 1915, the Turkish army attacked, burned, and destroyed much of the monastery.
The church was built between July 1959 and May 10, 1972, the 25th anniversary of the city.
It is one of the oldest surviving churches in the country.
A first church in the place was consecrated in 1297.
Radmore Abbey was an cistercian abbey near Cannock, Staffordshire, England.
Unable to secure a bid within their budget, the congregation's building committee voted to build the church themselves.
The oratory later fell into disrepair but was restored in the 19th century when evidence of the 9th-century frescoes were discovered.
Ellerton in Swaledale Priory was a Priory of Cistercian nuns in North Yorkshire, England.
The Church of Notre-Dame-des-Arts is a Roman Catholic church in Eure, Upper Normandy, France.
It is dedicated to Saint Paraschiva, to the Presentation of Jesus and to Saint George.
Penshurst Mosque is a mosque located in the southern Sydney suburb of Penshurst, in the St George area.
The interior houses canvasses from the Cremonese masters Giulio, Antonio and Vincenzo Campi.
The third and fourth layers date from the late 19th century, and the first quarter of the 20th.
In that regard, the Amiens cathedral is the tallest complete cathedral in France, its stone-vaulted nave reaching an internal height of 42.30 metres.
From the outside, its architecture shows traditional Chinese influence and the inside has blend of Islamic calligraphy and Chinese design.
The bell tower and the parvis were added later.
The priory was founded in about 1193 by Ernald Rufus and was dissolved about 1537 during the dissolution of the monasteries.
The building was completed in the late 19th century and was devastated during the German occupation in World War II.
The octagonal church was decorated by major regional artists including Domenico Fetti and his sister Lucrina, Lodovico Carracci, Carlo Bonomi, and Antonio Maria Viani.
The main church was begun in 1843.
Rebuilt from 1553-1784, with facade added in 1699.
As of 2016, the church served 1,780 households totaling 4,816 people and Mass attendance currently averages 1,400 people, spread among the 8 Sunday Masses.
The foundations of stone walls and fragments of medieval artefacts have been located in the outer court.
Tickford Priory was a medieval monastic house in Newport Pagnell in Buckinghamshire, England.
The church of Saint Mary Immaculate is a church that is annexed to Cascina Increa, next to the entrance of Villa Tizzoni Ottolini in Brugherio.
It is the co-cathedral of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Lingayen-Dagupan.
Construction was begun in 1607 and completed in 1630.
It is situated in Vilnius Old Town, just off of Cathedral Square.
Along with several important early medieval churches located nearby, the cathedral was listed as a World Heritage Site by UNESCO in 2000.
The only wall standing is the main part of eastern wall, with three apses.
During the 1960s a restoration of the church took place under the stewardship of a group formed to protect the church.
Khost Mosque is the main mosque in the city of Khost, in eastern Afghanistan.
The space is also used to host conferences.
Built between 1864 and 1922, with extensions made in 1989, the cathedral was established with James Quinn as its first bishop.
These facilities use passive solar power to heat up the water for bathing and other things.
The Koutoubia Mosque or Kutubiyya Mosque]) is the largest mosque in Marrakesh, Morocco.
With its accompanying friary, Sacro Convento, the basilica is a distinctive landmark to those approaching Assisi.
In 2005 it and its parsonage were listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The statue of Mary at the main altar was completed by Tommaso Orsolino, while a painting of the Guardian Angel was completed by Giovanni Paolo Oderico.
St.Mary's Church or Marth Maryam Cathedral is a Valiyapally situated in Kothamangalam town of India.
In 1540 Pope Paul III granted the church to the Confraternity of Orphans, and it was restored in 1588.
There is a spiral staircase in the minaret, which leads to the top of it.
The Synagogue building still stands in Gyllyng Street overlooking the harbour, commemorated by a plaque, whilst a Jewish cemetery at Ponsharden also remains.
It is the only synagogue in Europe which has held regular services continuously for more than 300 years.
The basilica is the seat of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Nuestra Señora de la Altagracia en Higüey.
The house has a large Elizabethan porch and a late 17th-century staircase, and was remodelled in the Georgian era.
The church arose adjacent to the oratory of Sant Croce or Sala del Redentore.
The Chapel of Dzordzor, is part of an Armenian monastery located in Maku County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran, on Zangmar River near the village of Baron.
The Great Synagogue of Tel Aviv is located on 110 Allenby Street, Tel Aviv, just east of the Shalom Tower.
The bell-tower held the isolation cell for special prisoners.
More than 4,000 Jews lived in Novi Sad before the Second World War, out of a total population of 80,000.
When Isfahan became the capital city, he moved to Isfahan with his family.
A church, designed by Francesco Grimaldi, was built at the site for the Theatine Order.
St. Florian Monastery is an Augustinian monastery in the town of Sankt Florian, Austria.
The mosque was demolished by explosives on May 7, 1993, by the Serb militia.
Because of size and central location in Gudbrandsdalen it has been nicknamed Gudbrandsdalen cathedral.
It is also a public mosque for Muslims from Salak Tinggi and KLIA Town Centre.
Austin Friary was an Augustinian friary in Bristol, England.
Tarrant Abbey was an abbey in Tarrant Crawford, Dorset, England.
The main hall can accommodate over 5,000 worshippers, with women praying on a balcony overlooking the hall.
Its size and geographic position make it a familiar landmark on the Istanbul skyline.
The gates open into a courtyard separated into smaller rooms or precincts with many "Iwans" along the walls.
Prior to this it had been the last of the Commissioners' churches in Sheffield to retain its original form.
The master plan for the 10-acre site includes a chapel, a columbarium, a dedicated sanctuary and a Christian education building.
Temple Guiting Preceptory was a medieval monastic house in Gloucestershire, England.
The Sacré-Cœur Basilica was designed by Paul Abadie.
Cammeringham Priory was a priory in Cammeringham, Lincolnshire, England.
The Gurdwara has cost millions of pounds to build.
The first part has brick bolster work.
The centre of the domed roof is adorned with gold coloured roses.
However, the Yugoslavian police destroyed another, the Meraja Mosque.
Saint Ignatius' Church is a Roman Catholic church situated at the Illuminated Block, in Buenos Aires's neighbourhood of Montserrat.
During this time, a small chapel stood on the site to serve the local townships of Oldham, Chadderton, Royton and Crompton.
The inside of the chapel is covered by frescos with historical content and portraits of the Nemanjics.
The church was officially opened on 5 May 1899.
Today, the monument stands as an architectural wonder with intricate details which can be seen in few other churches of India.
During restorations in the early 1900s, it was found that Roman walls had been incorporated into the external walls of the church.
The stupa was enlarged on six occasions but the upper part is still unfinished.
Christ Church Cathedral in Nashville, Tennessee, is the cathedral church of the Episcopal Diocese of Tennessee in the Episcopal Church in the United States of America.
This style of minoret was potentially inspired by the steeples of Syrian churches.
Robert Lynch, invited the Franciscan Friars of the Most Holy Name of Jesus Province to assume the pastoral responsibilities for the parish.
The edifice marks the beginning of the Royal Road.
He was referred to as 'Kapitan Kling'.
The temples are in the midst of a range of forested hills.
Congregation Beth El is housed in a modern structure of approximately 60,000 square feet on Old Georgetown Road.
Tsässon is situated about a hundred metres west from Meremäe-Kuigõ road, near the farm of Leo Tamm.
It was built in 1992 and opened on 1994.
Park51 was to be a 13-story Islamic community center in Lower Manhattan including a "Muslim community center and a mosque."
An inscription on the inside lintel of the north portal to the church dates its completion to the year 1026.
In addition to hosting religious services for different Jewish denominations, the synagogue hosts many lectures, concerts, and art exhibitions for the general public.
It was reconverted into a mosque in 1962.
Domes and religious characteristics on the synagogue have been removed, only Star of David was left in the interior upper floor.
It is believed to have been built by Malik b.
Santa Maria in Traspontina is a Carmelite church in Rome, Italy.
The Benedictine Priory of St Nicholas or just St Nicholas Priory was a Benedictine monastery founded in Exeter, England, in 1087.
Firuz Shah’s tomb pivots the L–shaped building complex which overlooks the tank.
Until recently, next to the cathedral stood the Civic Tower, known in 1330 and enlarged in 1583.
All Saints Garrison Church is a historical building located in the Cantonment area of the city of Lucknow in India.
Kirants Monastery is an 8th-century Armenian monastery located about 10 kilometers southwest of Kirants village in the Tavush Province of Armenia.
St. Casimir the Prince Church, Września - bricked church in the southern part of Września, located on Sławno district, on Słupska street.
The iconostasis and peinture were completed in 1893, while Alimpiu Barboloviciu served as vicar.
It was rebuilt a number of times; the present structure dating to 1973.
The buildings at Marmashen are very similar in style to those of Khtzkonk Monastery.
From 1897 to 1920 the rabbi was Samuel Marks, who was an active participant in the civic activities of the state.
Shaarei Tzedec has been located in a converted Victorian semi-detached house on Markham Street, near Bathurst Street and College Street, since 1937.
The interior is lit by a chandelier by Ümran Baradan.
Its exterior solid, simple and austere does not reflect the grandeur of its interior, with more than twenty chapels of great artistic and historical interest.
The Sultan Salahuddin Abdul Aziz Shah Mosque is the state mosque of Selangor, Malaysia.
It is located on the grounds of the Curtea de Argeș Monastery, and is dedicated to Saint Nicholas.
The Italian Synagogue is one of five synagogues in the Venetian Ghetto of Venice.
Following Knoblauch's death in 1865, Friedrich August Stüler took responsibility for the majority of its construction as well as for its interior arrangement and design.
The region of Fizuli came into existence as administrative unit in 1827.
It is the oldest church in the town of Philipstown, which includes both villages, and has been in use continually since its 1831 construction.
The present Baroque interiors have decorations by Baltazar Fontana, paintings by Karol Dankwart and gilded altars.
The current church building was consecrated in 1905.
The Middle Street Synagogue is a synagogue in the centre of Brighton, part of the English city of Brighton and Hove.
It is the seat of the Ukrainian Catholic Eparchy of Edmonton, and has been a cathedral since 1948.
The reconstruction also involved rebuilding of the minaret from the scratch as well as some minor buildings previously located next to the mosque.
Today, it is the third largest church building in present-day Hungary.
A church at the site was first linked to the nearby Benedictine Abbey of San Siro in the 11th century.
St. Paul’s Episcopal Church, in the Old Town area of Alexandria, Virginia, is an historic Episcopal church in the Anglican Communion.
Frescoes inside the Cathedral date from the 17th century.
Parsvanath Jain Temple – II is located in Bhubaneswar.This temple is located in the Digambar Jain Temple precinct in Khandagiri.
Since 1994, together with the Co-cathedral of Saint Mary Major of Mérida, it is the seat of the Archdiocese of Mérida-Badajoz.
The interior was designed by Randall in amphitheater style, with a nod to the sermon-centered Congregational service.
It is now located in the centre of Piazza Missori.
The Church of the Nativity site's original basilica was completed in 339 and destroyed by fire during the Samaritan Revolts in the 6th century.
This application was withdrawn in March 2013, but the group Friends of the Lower East Side described Beth Hamedrash Hagodol's status as "demolition by neglect".
Beth El was the oldest conservative synagogue in Cherry Hill.
Salabacke Church is a church in Sala backe, Uppsala, Sweden that was opened in 1958.
It stands at the northern end of Matejko Square and the former centre of the mediaeval city of Kleparz, now a district of Kraków.
The church was built approximately in 1510–1516 and burnt down by a burglar on 21 September 1997.
Temple Emanu-El is a synagogue located in the South Beach district of Miami Beach, Florida.
The church is in the Rione Sallustiano, on number 98 via XX Settembre, where this street intersects with Largo Santa Susanna.
The existing mosque was erected next to the old minaret in 1768.
Curiously, the project was built instead in Spain: the parish church of San Juan de Ávila, Alcalá de Henares.
The bellchamber is of concrete, formed of eight parabolic arches.
It is situated on the banks of Kuppam River, which joins Valapattanam River at its estuary.
It was built in 1935 of white Pentelic marble, the architecture is an austere Greek Revival style; the building was renovated in 1975.
Calvaria Church was built in the small village of Mănăştur near Cluj-Napoca.
It was originally dedicated to St. Mary until this worship passed to the nearby palace in the 12th century, leaving this church dedicated to Saint Michael.
The altar-piece was painted by György Vastagh and its organ was made by Leopold Wegenstein.
of Maurice, de jure 3rd Baron Berkeley.
The Greek-Catholic Church in Badon was a church in Badon, Sălaj, Romania built in the 18th century and demolished on April 5, 2007.
His successor al-Mahdi rebuilt it again in 780.
It was built by Mirza Aziz Koka, son of Ataga Khan, as a mausoleum for himself, at the time when Mughal Emperor Jahangir ruled from Delhi.
Innsbruck Cathedral is notable for two important treasures.
The current church building of colonial architecture style was designed by Henry Ten Eyck Wendell and dedicated in 1920.
The first Baptist congregation met in Oyster Bay as early as 1700, and Oyster Bay received its first ordained minister in 1724.
For the event, Chief Rabbi Yosef Hamadani Cohen led the opening the Torah scroll ark and the reciting of prayers.
The Gethsemane chapel was built by the end of the 17th century, replacing a 13th-century domed basilica ruined during the 1679 earthquake.
From 1911 to 1944 it had no rabbi, and was led by "lay-religious-leader" Hugo Hecht.
It replaced a preexisting temple, symbolizing the conversion from paganism to Christianity.
A national monument, it is the seat of the Bishop of Bayeux and Lisieux and was the original home of the Bayeux Tapestry.
It is the home of the first Muslim Scout Group in Leeds.
Of note, Digambara Jains have only one temple here on the hills.
The most striking feature is the two large corner towers having loopholes for musketry.
Congregation Beth Israel offers adult education in the form of lectures, films, and Beit Midrash text study.
The project was completed in October 1706.
Temple Sinai celebrated its 50th anniversary in 2004.
Congregation Temple Israel is a Reform synagogue in Creve Coeur, Missouri, a municipality in suburban St. Louis County.
Like Bremen Cathedral, today's building dates from the 13th century.
The Gothic portico is one of the few surviving examples in Venice.
Small portions may still be seen in what was intentionally left untouched.
The present structure is located in the center of the city's old town.
KI stands out historically for a variety of reasons.
The Church of Saint John of Ávila is a Roman Catholic parish church located in a modern neighbourhood of Alcalá de Henares, Spain.
The Chiesa di San Nicolao is a church in Milan, Italy.
It is also a public mosque for Muslims from Kampung Maju Jaya and townships from Senai.
In the courtyard of the church Local Albanians built parking lot.
On May 24, 2007 the synagogue was severely damaged by a fire.
The abbey, finding the property burdensome, induced Richard to transfer it to the monastery of Tywardreath which he was then founding.
They are also allowed to attend Muslim prayers, if they wish.
Of the Romanesque church only parts of the apse remain, while of the original Early Christian building, remains have been excavated also under the apse.
All Adath Shalom members - men, women and teenagers - lead the services as well as weekly discussion of the Torah portion.
The present-day church was completed in 1905, on the ruins of a church built in 1734 and destroyed in 1849.
The abbey, which was founded in the 12th century, belonged to the Order of Cistercians.
After the suppression of the rites in 1800, the church became a city jail.
Founded in 1891, it was the first Jewish congregation in Washington County, Pennsylvania.
Building work was completed in 1996, and upon completion, it was one of the largest mosques in the country.
Chitharal hills are locally known as Chokkanthoongi Hills.
The certificate was awarded to Ganini Gyanmati Mataji, Chandnamati Mataji and Swami Ravindrakirtiji on 6 March 2016.
and consists of the following 4 buildings:
There are three rabbis at the Adath Israel Congregation, Rabbi David Seed, Rabbi Moshe Meirovich and rabbi emeritus Rabbi Erwin Schild.
The church was renovated once more in 1925-1934.
The preceptories from which the Lincolnshire properties were managed were:
Islamic Association of Greater Detroit was founded in 1978 by immigrants from South Asia and the Middle East.
The location is a tirtha for the Jains and a tourist attraction.
Charles Feinberg was rabbi from 1998 to 2006, and he was succeeded that year by Jonathan Infeld.
Owing to the dark complexion of the stone statue, she is sometimes affectionately called La Negrita or Reina de Cartago.
Membership was never high; the congregation had 38 members families in 1918, and this grew to 60 families in 1960.
The congregation's original organization came about in 1846 as a result of the heavy German immigration to Missouri in the 19th century.
One of the most interesting of the British monastic documents called the Register of Crabhouse or The Crabhouse Cartulary exists in the British Library.
The former stone minaret was destroyed in 1778 in the late Safavid era by an earthquake.
Kirby Bellars Priory was a priory at Kirby Bellars in Leicestershire, England.
It is now roofless and derelict after an arson attack.
The At-Taqwa Mosque is a mosque in Dayuan District, Taoyuan City, Taiwan.
Historically, the monastery was the religious center of Taron and was a prominent pilgrimage site.
Its patron saint is Florinus of Remüs, a 9th-century saint of the Vinschgau Valley.
The rabbis were Robert Dobrusin and Kim Blumenthal.
Cauder Mohuddeen Merican is known as the founder of the mosque and leader of the Chulias.
It has been administered by the Order of Friars Minor Capuchin since 1928.
It is located on the south bank of the River Arno, just west of the Pitti Palace.
It is situated west of the village of Yanal near the town and district of Başkale in Van Province.
The future Tabor parish then used to be called Emmaus North.
The interior has a nave and two aisles, covered with groin vaults.
Christ the King is an Art Deco statue of Jesus Christ in Świebodzin, western Poland, completed on 6 November 2010.
The mosque, which is also known as the White Mosque or the Big Mosque, is located in Kuala Terengganu, Terengganu, Malaysia.
The first pastor of the church was Rev.
It can accommodate up to five thousand worshippers.
The current church was built in 1915.
The site is very swampy and the building is supported by 30,000 poles.
Shri Andeshwar Parshwanath Jain temple is situated in Rajasthan, and is located 40 km from Banswara.
Great Limber Preceptory, Limber Magna was a Camera of the Knights Templar and later the Knights Hospitaller in the village of Great Limber, Lincolnshire, England.
The synagogue dome was built in Mudéjar style, while double windows and the trefoil upper row of windows were built in rundbogenstil.
This use ended in 1979 and now the cloister houses the Casa Internazionale delle Donne[1].
In 2014, Matt Carl became the rabbi.
After King Edward the Martyr was murdered, his stepmother, Ælfthryth, was implicated in the crime.
Kuigõ tsässon is a small Seto chapel in Kuigo village in Estonia.
The frieze is decorated with a relief of the angelic hierarchy in Byzantine style.
It was built at the behest of the Baguashi family in the period of 988–1014.
It is the second largest mosque in Glasgow after Glasgow Central Mosque.
Originally built as a ceremonial hall in the 1980s, regular evangelical worship services began in 1995.
Christ Church is an Episcopal church in Greenville, South Carolina, United States.
The Reformed Church is a church in Șimleu Silvaniei, rebuilt between 1729 and 1736.
The current education director is Rabbi Joseph Robinson.
Weakened by the Black Death, the priory was one of the first to succumb at the Dissolution of the Monasteries.
Puning is one of the "Eight Outer Temples" of Chengde.
With its large Shia Arab population, Dearborn is often called the "heart of Shiism" in the United States.
Chapel in the Hills is a stave church located near Rapid City, South Dakota.
It is the national church in Rome of France.
It is located between Calle Arzobispo Merino and Isabel la Católica, next to Columbus Park in the city of Santo Domingo de Guzman.
Carmelite Friary, King's Lynn was a friary in Norfolk, England.
A gabled west wall of stone rubble contains the remains of a large 14th-century window.
The congregation completed its second building in 1924, affiliated with Conservative Judaism in 1949, and changed its name to Beth Israel in 1950.
The friars moved the mission in 1731 to San Antonio.
The earliest records go back to 1653, but the church had been in existence for some time before that.
Since New York City's revival in the late 20th century, Harlem has been experiencing the effects of gentrification and new wealth.
The church was named in memory of the Transfiguration of Jesus, which allegedly took place on Mount Tabor הר תבור in today's Israel.
The Baitul Futuh Mosque, also known as the Morden Mosque, is a mosque complex in Morden, London.
Our Lady of Sorrows Chapel was erected in the crypt beneath the church.
The Collegiate Church of St. Florian is a historic church in Kraków, Poland.
It was a dependent cell of Norwich Cathedral before the Reformation.
The Mosque of Amir Altinbugha al-Maridani, dating from 1340 CE, is a mosque from the era of the Mamluk Sultanate of Cairo, Egypt.
The icon was restored in the 18th century and in 1853 was placed in a new section, made of carved and gilded wood, of the kliros.
At the time Jewish Community Slavonski Brod counted over 110 members.
In 2010 an outdoor shrine to St. Maximilian Kolbe was added to the garden.
Santa Maria della Consolazione is a Roman Catholic church in Rome, Italy at the foot of the Palatine Hill, in rione Campitelli.
The parish is under the Archdiocese of Manila and its current rector is Rev.
It is in the al-Adhamiyah district of northern Baghdad, which is named after Abu Hanifa's by the name of.
Temple Israel is a Reform congregation in Manhattan.
Sacred Heart has about 1000 registered families.
It is currently under construction, having been started in 1992 by local artist and philanthropist Ildar Khanov.
On 30 April 1969 Pope Paul VI granted it a titular church as a seat for Cardinals.
Henceforth, it was used as a royal cathedral by the Bagrationi dynasty until the Ottoman conquest of the area in the 16th century.
The masjid is a relic of architectural and cultural heritage.
Located in Rees Way, Bradford, the mosque lies on a plateau, and therefore the mosque is visible from miles around within the city.
Dearborn Mosque is a mosque belonging to the American Muslim Society in Dearborn, Michigan.
It is located in al-Aqaba district of the Ancient City of Aleppo, near the Bab al-Faraj Clock Tower and the National Library of Aleppo.
Er Riadh is the modern name for the ancient Jewish village of Djirt, which became known as “Hara Seghira” or the “Small Ghetto”.
Masjid e Tooba is often claimed to be the largest single-dome mosque in the world.
The building is a rijksmonument since 1968 and one of the Top 100 Dutch heritage sites that was selected in 1990.
Islamic tradition holds that Muhammad led prayers towards this site until the seventeenth month after the emigration, when God directed him to turn towards the Kaaba.
It is also used as an international mosque for tourist who arrived and depart from/to Senai Airport.
It was a mountain route of trade between Kerala and Tamil Nadu.
It is the largest church in Novi Sad, and is located in the city center on the Trg Slobode.
Finally, in 1977, the synagogue purchased a piece of land and built a permanent structure on it.
The cathedral is nicknamed the Good Lord's Lantern, displaying the largest expanse of stained glass in the world with 6,496 m2.
Despite of the community's romaniote past, the congregation today uses primarily the sefardic custom of Greece and has developed its own Haggadah text.
Traces of the foundations have been located in a field north of Great Priory Farm, but nothing can be seen above ground.
Mount Olive Cathedral is a Christian Methodist Episcopal cathedral in Memphis, Tennessee, United States of America.
Iuliu Hossu consecrated the church on September 8, 1937.
Sarajevo Synagogue is Sarajevo's primary and largest synagogue and is located on the south bank of the river Miljacka.
Butley Priory, sometimes called Butley Abbey, was a medieval monastic house in Butley in Suffolk, England, in the area of the Suffolk Heritage Coast.
The altar and pulpit are of Renaissance style.
Higham Priory was a priory in Kent, England.
Black and white are the symbolic colors of Siena, etiologically linked to black and white horses of the legendary city's founders, Senius and Aschius.
Alice was the granddaughter of Bertram Haget, who had previously granted the lands outside the village for a hermitage to Gilbert, a monk of Marmoutier.
The church was demolished in 1937, when Via della Conciliazione was built and the piazza and central part of the Borgo rione were demolished.
The mosque was built by the late Sheikh Isa ibn Salman Al Khalifa in 1987 and was named after Ahmed Al Fateh, the founder of Bahrain.
The mosque received the status of provincial mosque of West Java Province in 2004.
There are caves within the monastic complex, khachkars, and carvings.
Since then, there is a constant police watch over the synagogue.
It is located in the Ancient part of the city, east to the Citadel of Aleppo.
MacPherson Presbyterian Church is a Presbyterian church in Fayetteville, North Carolina.
It is located on the corners of Linden Avenue and Lauderdale Street.
It also has many Mughal period, Maratha period and British period images, along with those installed after India's Independence.
This mausoleum was very respected in the past, so that people swore to it beside the tomb for proving that they are telling the truth.
It is located in the southern side of the Sang-e Ghadimi square and beside the Bazaar of Kashan.
It has been identified as probably being the ruined monastery known as Porta, in Pirnali village, Artvin province, Turkey.
The Puning Temple houses the world's tallest wooden sculpture of the Bodhisattva Avalokiteśvara, hence it is often nicknamed the "Big Buddha Temple".
The design was chosen by the former abbot of St. Vaast's, the Cardinal de Rohan, and is of remarkable simplicity.
The Sri Siva Subramaniya temple is a Hindu temple in Nadi, Fiji.
Paintings, tiles and decorations with cut mirrors have been added later in the early 20th century.
The temple is dedicated to Christ the Worker and Our Lady of Lourdes.
Congregation Shaarei Tefillah is a Modern Orthodox synagogue located at 35 Morseland Avenue in the village of Newton Centre in Newton, Massachusetts.
San Sepolcro is a church in central Parma.
St. Mary's Church, Blymhill is an Anglican church in the village of Blymhill, Staffordshire, England.
Though the name means Twelve Doors, this monument actually has eleven.
The synagogue is also unusual in that it was built and is funded by an anonymous individual; thus members are not required to pay any dues.
It is ecclesiastically administrated by the Eparchy of Mileševa.
The tabernacle is sculpted out of semi-precious stones, including lapis lazuli.
The Tournai Cathedral, or Cathedral of Our Lady, is a Roman Catholic church, see of the Diocese of Tournai in Tournai, Belgium.
The civil parish has merged with Duddington.
Long-serving rabbis include A. Pinksy and Abraham Postone.
The wooden reredos, which includes a wooden statue of Saint Michael dating back to at least 1709, was added in 1798.
A renovation of the church took place in 1992.
Its construction began 757 AH/1356 CE with work ending three years later "without even a single day of idleness".
Tomb of Tharo Khan is the tomb of Tharo Khan Talpur in the Mirpur Khas in present-day Sindh, Pakistan.
Eidsberg Church is associated with the Østre Borgesyssel deanery of the Diocese of Borg.
Gereja Sion is a historic church located in Pinangsia Administrative District, Taman Sari, Jakarta, Indonesia.
It was shelled a number of times.
St. Mary the Consoler at Tiburtino is a Roman Catholic titular parish church in Rome, located at Casal Bertone square.
In June of that year, members of St. John's voted to affiliate with the MCC denomination.
The closing hymn was written by the resident chaplain to Sigdal, Jørgen Moe, later Bishop in the Diocese of Agder.
It is also the oldest surviving medieval synagogue of twin-nave design.
Lindsey, who pastored from 1988 to 2001, was an outspoken advocate for LGBT rights in North Carolina.
Moscow Cathedral Mosque is the main mosque of Moscow, Russia.
It was first dedicated at the site in 1794 with devotion to St Mary, Our Lady of the Assumption.
Gandzasar is now the seat of the Archbishop of Artsakh appointed by the Mother See of Holy Etchmiadzin of the Armenian Apostolic Church.
Burmali Minare Mosque is a historical 13th century Mosque in Amasya, Turkey.
The Saidina Umar Al Khattab Mosque is a prominent mosque in Bukit Damansara, Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia.
His son, Philip de Kyme, provided for seven canons with land in Faldingworth, the churches of Spridlington and Winthorpe, and a moiety of Friskney.
The interior keeps precious 18th-century statues and altarpieces, as well as abundant Neo-Renaissance and Neo-Baroque decoration.
Wightman Memorial Baptist Church in Oyster Bay, New York, was first built in 1908.
Tooting Priory or Tooting Bec Priory was a priory in Tooting, now in the London Borough of Wandsworth.
Gavin Thomas, in his book, "The Rough Guide to Rajasthan, Delhi & Agra", writes on Nareli Jain Temple:
It was located between York Castle and the River Ouse.
To the east is the enclosure with the altar, with a single apse, foregoing the traditional Asturian pre-romanesque triple apse, and going back to Visigoth influences.
As of 2013, only the northern wall remains intact.
The cornerstone was laid on October 25, 1860.
Cook Hill Priory was a priory in Warwickshire, England.
The preceptories from which the Lincolnshire properties were managed were:
Saka Tunggal Mosque is a mosque located in Cikakak, Banyumas, Central Java.
The Deula complex was built during 9-10th CE.
The church was damaged in 1655 during the Russo-Polish War.
Two medieval books from this church are now in the University of Göttingen.
At the Dissolution in 1539 Sherborne Abbey was surrendered to the king, and in 1547 it was granted to Edward Seymour, 1st Duke of Somerset.
Tabor Church is the church of the Evangelical Tabor Congregation, a member of the Protestant umbrella organisation Evangelical Church of Berlin-Brandenburg-Silesian Upper Lusatia.
Dragon kings are water deities popular in droughty Northern China.
An impressive red sandstone temple today, Shri Digambar Jain Lal Mandir is popularly known as Lal Mandir "Red Temple".
There was also a guild of St Edmund in the village.
Swans and ducks are among the attractions at Hauz Khas Lake - which is part of the attraction to visitors.
There the synagogue was pillaged and burned by SA men during the Kristallnacht in 1938.
It is one of the several mosques around Pazhayangadi/Payangadi.
The mosque overlooks the main street of Prizren and is a dominant feature in the town's skyline.
The parish was established on 8 September 1962.
The enshrining deities are a series of Jaina tirthankara images.
It is through this gateway that one can reach the top of the platform.
Congregation Schara Tzedeck is an Orthodox synagogue in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada.
It belongs to the Evangelical Reformed Church of the Canton of Vaud.
A special commemorative postage stamp was released on the Centenary Day of the Cathedral by the Government of Pakistan.
It is a brick Collegiate Gothic building constructed in the early 20th century.
It was built by the Franciscan friars in 1611.
The Old New Synagogue or Altneuschul situated in Josefov, Prague, is Europe's oldest active synagogue.
The two minarets were rebuilt in 1999/2001.
It was built in the late nineteenth century.
The church has large areas of important mosaics from the late 13th century by Pietro Cavallini.
It is topped by an octagonal dome.
East Midwood Jewish Center is a Conservative synagogue located at 1625 Ocean Avenue, Midwood, Brooklyn, New York City.
Possibly founded by the Saxons in 672 and dispersed during the Danish raids on Wareham in 876.
They left two sons who later inherited the title of Earl.
Akner monastery is a destroyed Armenian monastery near the Eğner village of Adana province of modern Turkey.
The Reformed Church is a church in Zalău, Romania, completed in 1907.
The mosque is located on intersection of M. F. Akhundov and Uzeyir Hajibeyov streets.
It is located near the main jetty of Eydhafushi.
In 1923, after the Red Army invasion of Georgia, the Communist government turned it into a theater and the bells were donated to the industrialization foundation.
Founded in the ninth century, the nunnery is known to have been active in the eleventh century.
Grote of Sint-Laurenskerk is a Protestant church in Rotterdam.
It shows features of Byzantine architecture, is richly ornamented, with a 15th-century entrance door of fine craftsmanship and detailed frescoes.
They consecrated their current synagogue, located on Monterey Square in historic Savannah, in 1878.
Five Georgian inscriptions within the church and on the southern facade indicate different restoration periods, from 917 until 1032.
It is not clear who designed the church.
By that time, the Muslim community of the Russian then-capital exceeded 8,000 people.
The marble temples have an opulent entranceway, the simplicity in architecture reflecting Jain values like honesty and frugality.
The front of the Hill has always been filled with stately homes and faces the Boston Common.
Masses were celebrated again starting in 1988, although the cathedral was still officially called "The Gallery of Images" at that time.
The Basilica of Saint Mary of Coro is a baroque Roman Catholic parish church and minor basilica completed in 1774.
In the 15th century the abbot of Ratac monastery was Đorđe Pelinović, one of the most notable priests and businessmen of his time.
The Gazi Atik Ali Pasha Mosque is an old Ottoman mosque located in the Çemberlitaş neighbourhood of the Fatih district in Istanbul, Turkey.
The monastic complex is one of the oldest monasteries in Montenegro.
It was a small cell to Bardney Abbey built by Walter de Gant, and recorded by Bede in the seventh century.
It is administered according to the Sunni-Hanafi school of jurisprudence.
Under the aegis of the Chief Rabbi of the United Kingdom, Reverend Leslie Olsberg MBE led the congregation for 35 years until his death in 2008.
Altenberg Abbey is a former Cistercian monastery in Altenberg, now a part of Odenthal in the Bergisches Land, North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.
Hutheesing Temple is the best known Jain temple in Ahmedabad in Gujarat, India.
It was named in the Domesday Book, although the build date of the first known building was 1177.
San Giorgio in Braida is a Roman Catholic church in Verona, region of Veneto, Italy.
At the top, there is a three-chambered chapel.
In front of the building is a monument dedicated to the Jewish victims of World War II.
It is also the most important architectural monument of the Renaissance in the entire country.
Palatial mosque in Baku– is a mosque of the 15th century, which is included in Shirvanshah's palace complex in Baku.
The church is part of the heritage status accorded to Levuka by its inscription as a World Heritage Site by UNESCO.
Santo Stefano is parish church of one of the parishes in the Vicariate of San Marco-Castello.
It is the fifth oldest minaret in Iran, which has an inscription.
Upleadon Preceptory was a priory in Herefordshire, England at grid reference SO66504270.
The French Church was modelled after the destroyed Huguenot temple in Charenton-Saint-Maurice, France.
Its current appearance is the result of later additions and modifications introduced especially in modern times.
The present Church of Scotland parish kirk is on the site of the priory church.
It was a prominent religious and educational center in medieval Armenia.
Built as a mosque during the Ottoman era, it was reconstructed in 1906 as a church.
The original building that housed the synagogue was completed in the early 1950s.
The neighboring streets Mosque Street and Mosque Junction are named after this mosque.
The Cathedral Church of Saint Mary in Murcia, commonly called the Cathedral of Murcia, is a Catholic church in the city of Murcia, Spain.
In retrospect “that little shul in Yeoville” has proven to be a powerful engine that changed the face of Jewish South Africa.
The new Royal Mausoleum is a short distance from the mosque.
The Mosque of Ibn Tulun is located in Cairo, Egypt.
Founded in 1856, it has more than 7,000 members.
The left, side nave is filled up with four stained glass referring to evangelical acts of the mercy.
In 1950, work on his vision began with the acquisition of land in Somerset County.
The parish was established on 1 May 1954.
A history published by St. Anselm's notes that the building's design was covered extensively in the news, before and after it was completed.
The first Greek Orthodox church in South Carolina was built in 1911 at Fishburne and St. Phillip Sts.
Henwood Priory was a medieval monastic house in Warwickshire, England.
It was built in 1755 during the reign of the Qianlong Emperor in the Qing dynasty.
Church of the Holy Apostles was a Serbian Orthodox Church located in the village of Petrovac, Kosovska Kamenica, Kosovo and Metohija.
It is the oldest synagogue in Kingston.
It was founded in the 11th century, and the current temple dates to a reconstruction in the 15th century during the Ming Dynasty.
The Basilica of Our Lady of Peace is a Catholic minor basilica dedicated to Our Lady of Peace in Yamoussoukro, the administrative capital of Côte d'Ivoire.
The Mission Church houses a reliquary with the altar bells of Saint Damien of Molokai and a 17th-century Spanish Colonial Tabernacle.
The altarpiece is the largest painting in the world painted on a single piece of canvas.
Saint Paul's Church is a historic Episcopal church located in downtown Augusta, Georgia, adjacent to Riverwalk Augusta.
The remains of the priory were incorporated into Monkton Farleigh Manor.
The synagogue is housed in the restored Grade II* listed building that once formed part of Wanstead Hospital and was previously the Merchant Seamen’s Orphan's Asylum.
It measures five bays across and has a hip-gable roof.
The Spanish Royal Coat of Arms is emblazoned in low relief above the main entrance, reflecting perhaps the contribution of the Spanish monarch to its construction.
The first traces of Jewish settlement in Dolní Kounice are from half of 15th century.
A 4th-century church at the site was likely erected sometime in the 4th century.
It was founded c.1135 by Hugh, Lord of Hatton and Wroxall in thanks for his release from seven years' imprisonment in Jerusalem during the Crusades.
The building was eventually restored again by the Princes of Odishi in the latter half of the same century.
Church of the Holy Spirit in the Saxon District is a 12th-century titular church in Rome, Italy.
The al-Khanqah al-Salahiyya Mosque is located in the Christian Quarter of the Old City of Jerusalem.
Kamuning was known then as Barrio Obrero II.
Today the Great Choral Synagogue of St. Petersburg is a registered landmark and an architectural monument of federal importance.
Valle Crucis Abbey is now under the care of Cadw.
Congregation Yetev Lev D'Satmar is a large Hasidic synagogue located at Kent Avenue and Hooper Street in Williamsburg, Brooklyn.
The facade of the synagogue, added in 1985, depicts the Ten Commandments in blue neon lights.
Saint-Étienne-du-Mont is a church in Paris, France, located on the Montagne Sainte-Geneviève in the 5th arrondissement, near the Panthéon.
The church's origins derive from the presence of the Franciscan order in Naples during the lifetime of St Francis of Assisi, himself.
The Late Gothic building is 98.33 metres tall and reaches high above the inner city.
A duplex now stands in its place.
As such, it has been significantly extended and altered over the centuries to accommodate a considerable number of burial chapels.
The Church has a separate bell tower.
It is situated along Jalan Petri, close to the mouth of Muar River.
The site of a popular Assumption Day pilgrimage, it is the most visited site in Marseille.
The church has many teams for Christian songs, theater, and football games.
The building complex measures approximately 290 m by 420 m, covering an area of more than 12 hectares, exclusive of exterior landscaping and vehicle parking.
The Cathedral of St. Vincent and St. James also Church of St. Vincent,, is the seat of the Greek Catholic cathedral of Wrocław in Poland.
In 1904 it merged with Chevra Ansche Sholom, and took the name Congregation Beth Jacob Anshe Sholom.
Tejharuyk is a 12th-century walled monastery located upon a wooded hill just southwest of the village of Meghradzor in the Kotayk Province of Armenia.
His neighbors, all Christians of various Protestant denominations, decided to accept and befriend him after conferring about the matter among themselves.
The mosque, built of gritstone ashlar, is situated in a walled courtyard having three gates.
Next to the church is the Neo-medieval Episcopal Palace, designed by Antoni Gaudí.
Its last bell was built in 1805.
Inaugurated on October 23, 1926, it is the first purpose built mosque in London.
In the 17th century, its interior was redecorated in the Baroque style by Mattia Preti and other artists.
The Saint Boniface church is a church in Leeuwarden, the Netherlands.
Local legend traces the mosque's history to the period of Muhammad.
Today it is the site of the Papal conclave, the process by which a new pope is selected.
Büyük Selimiye Mosque has a "muvakkithane" for keeping prayer times and a water fountain.
There are a few idols that are found in this temple which date back to the Somavamshi period and carved during 10-11th CE.
Old St Peter's Church a Grade II-listed ruin is situated above the B5429 in the village of Llanbedr Dyffryn Clwyd.
The Szeged Synagogue is a synagogue in Szeged, Hungary.
The basilica is open all day long and it is not uncommon to find several people stopping in for a prayer.
The Church of Our Lady of Fatima is a Roman Catholic parish church in the neighbourhood of Pocitos, Montevideo, Uruguay.
:286 During the reign of Ibrahim Pasha it was converted to use as a biscuit factory.
The church of Surp Astvatsatsin is located just off of the main highway through the village of Karbi in the Aragatsotn Province of Armenia.
It is the oldest mosque in Algiers and is said to be the oldest mosque in Algeria after Sidi Okba Mosque.
The nearby St Cross Mill is a 19th-century structure built on the foundations of the monastic mill.
St. Peter's Episcopal Church of Peekskill, New York, United States, is located on the north edge of the city's downtown.
Sardar Khan's Roza or Nawab Sardar Khan's Mosque and Tomb, is a mosque and tomb complex in Jamalpur area of Ahmedabad, India.
Constructed along the Rua Guerra Junqueiro in 1929, and inaugurated in 1938, it is the largest synagogue in the Iberian Peninsula.
It is situated in Kuala Ibai Lagoon near the estuary of Kuala Ibai River, 4 km from Kuala Terengganu Town.
The Great Synagogue of Petah Tikva,, is the city's central synagogue and located on Hovevei Zion Street, in the centre of Petah Tikva, Israel.
It is supposedly on a spot where St. Isaac Jogues took shelter after escaping from captivity in the early 17th century.
Temple Israel moved to its current location on Hollywood Boulevard in 1948.
The cathedral now takes its dedication name from this: "Notre-Dame de Grâce" or "Virgin of Tenderness", from the Eleusa icon type it exemplifies.
Its Senior Rabbi, Paul Freedman, was elected in 2015 as Chair of the Assembly of Reform Rabbis UK, succeeding Sybil Sheridan in the role.
Founded in 1925, it was organized by I.L.
In this, he gave the village of Inkpen to “the servants of God at Kentbury and the Holy Place there”.
Congregation Shivtei Yeshuron-Ezras Israel is an active synagogue located in the Pennsport neighborhood of South Philadelphia.
It is the seat of the Archbishop of Ancona.
It consists of several types of religious architecture including an Orthodox church, a mosque, and a synagogue, among others.
After years of deliberation and indecision, a commemorative arch was erected instead at the site in 1977, itself becoming a prominent landmark of the Jewish Quarter.
It was founded before 1127 by Robert Fitz Godebald and his wife Beatrice.
The newly built temple was built in "pidha" style.
It is a wooden structure built in the Greek Revival style during the 1830s.
The Jews themselves had demolished the interior of their venerable synagogue, on the site of which a chapel was built in honor of the Virgin.
The church also invests locally through the Norwood community.
This transition was completed with changes to the sanctuary in the mid-20th century.
It is not actually within the Kremlin, but often served as a visual metonym for Russia in western media throughout the Cold War.
The temple also hosts concerts by the Montevideo Symphony Orchestra.
Kirche am Steinhof, also called the Church of St. Leopold, is the Roman Catholic oratory of the Steinhof Psychiatric Hospital in Vienna, Austria.
The interior is based on a Greek cross design.
Notre Dame de la Motte is a chapel located at the top of the hill de la Motte, in Vesoul.
The Palitana temples of Jainism are located on Shatrunjaya hill by the city of Palitana in Bhavnagar district, Gujarat, India.
A quarter-century later Russell Sturgis was commissioned to design the present structure, which took five years to complete, including a detailed Gothic interior.
When the Cathedral was first constructed 9,000 out of Cuenca's 10,000 inhabitants could fit in the building.
On the bottom part of the minaret, there is a kufic inscription made by embossed brick.
The church services are conducted using exclusively the Statenvertaling of the Bible.
It contains an image of Christ, which was brought in 1330 from a small church on Cape Finisterre.
The church's budget exceeds $34 million annually and it operates a 750-student private school, as well as numerous commercial and social service enterprises.
The stable block remains, converted to a residence.
The shrine is considerably small, yet rich in historical significance.
According to the inscriptions the mosque was built in 1105 and the minaret was built in 1098 in the era of Barkiyaruq, the Seljuq king.
It was officially opened by the 13th Yang di-Pertuan Agong, Tuanku Mizan Zainal Abidin on 11 June 2010.
Francesco Maria Schiaffino designed nine relief sculptures present in the church, and died before they were all completed by his studio.
At the Dissolution of the Monasteries it was granted to Robert Tyrwhitt.
The Great Synagogue of Jerusalem,, is located at 56 King George Street, Jerusalem, Israel.
It has maintained a long tradition of education and, at 1,340 m, it is Europe’s highest abbey.
It is built of brick, with faience dressings, and also has notable internal features, including a granite ark, choir gallery and hardwood pews.
The chief altar is seen clearly from every corner.
It is close to other Buddhist sites in the area, including Pushpagiri, Lalitgiri and Udayagiri.
It is recognized as a national monument of France, and it currently belongs to the jurisdiction of the Moscow Patriarchate.
Prior to the establishment of the modern Portuguese republic in 1910, the church typically hosted Portuguese royal weddings.
It was founded as a leper colony in 1164 and in 1189, was handed over to the Augustinian Order.
Held by the Dominicans, it is dedicated to their patron saint Dominic and also to Our Lady of the Rosary.
Marmont Priory was a priory for Gilbertine Canons in Cambridgeshire, England.
The inside layer of the dome is 27 m high.
The Ukrainian Catholic Cathedral of St. George was designed by architect the Very Reverend Philip Ruh, O.M.I.
Shahpur Mosque, also known as Shahpur Paththarwali Masjid or Kazi Mohammed Chishti's Mosque, is a medieval mosque located near Shahpur Gate in Ahmedabad, India.
The complex occupies a city block at 215 South Fort Harrison Avenue.
Its foundation stone was laid down in 1966 and the building's inauguration took place on March 31, 1972.
It is located near MATRADE complex and the Federal Government Complex off Jalan Duta.
This temple was built by K. P. Sanghvi Group and it comprises a Jain Tirth and Jeev Raksha Kendra.
Theodore Roosevelt attended services here while Governor, and Queen Wilhelmina visited the church during its 300th anniversary year.
The minaret is 54 m high and is the highest historical minaret in the Isfahan province.
Wroxall Priory was a medieval monastic house in Wroxall, Warwickshire, England.
The Hlincea Monastery is a Romanian Orthodox monastery in Ciurea, Iaşi metropolitan area, Romania.
San Giacomo Scossacavalli was a church in Rome important for historical and artistic reasons.
When he became old, his health worsened and he could no longer undertake the long journey to Kollur.
It is dedicated to Chandraprabha, a Tirthankar of the Jain faith.
It was built from 1994 to 1995, during the rule of Saparmurat Turkmenbashi.
It is one of the oldest mosques in India, and the oldest surviving monument in Ajmer.
It is in Borgo Santo Spirito, a street which got its name from the church, placed in the southern part of Rione Borgo.
In 2002 the structure was extensively expanded under the leadership of the Rev.
The Laleli Mosque is an 18th-century Ottoman imperial mosque located in Laleli, Fatih, Istanbul, Turkey.
In that year, it was deconsecrated and used as a fish-market.
Temple Israel was erected at 201 West 4th Street in Leadville, Colorado, during the summer of 1884 in less than two months.
It was the only church in Kraków to withstand the Mongol attack of 1241.
Its Ottoman-style architecture contrasts sharply with the contemporary modern high-rises situated near it.
By 2001 the congregation had 65 member families.
The largest dome has a span of 20 meters and reaches a height of 42 meters.
The Chief Rabbi of Iran, Yousef Hamadani Cohen died March 29, 2014.
In 1963 the newly formed congregation bought a Methodist chapel in Derby Street, off Barrack Road, in Newcastle.
It is located in the municipality of Mérida, Spain, in Badajoz, in the Cordobilla de Lácara, within the Sierra de San Pedro.
Swaffham Bulbeck Priory was a priory in Cambridgeshire, England.
St. Isidore Church is a Roman Catholic church in Renavas, Lithuania.
The property was disputed after his death, however, and the mosque was then moved to Fayetteville Road under the leadership of Warith Deen Mohammed.
Built in Neoclassical style, it was consecrated in 1892.
The building can accommodate up to 17,000 worshipers.
It is located north of Daşkəsən, in Azerbaijan.
Nord Kamal Mosque is the largest mosque in the city of Norilsk, the northernmost mosque in Russia, and the northernmost mosque in the world.
It is the fourth mosque to be built in Taiwan.
It was built from 1555–61 on orders from Ivan the Terrible and commemorates the capture of Kazan and Astrakhan.
Abrishami Synagogue is a synagogue in Tehran, Iran.
Monasterio de Piedra is a monastery, hotel and park complex in the Iberian System mountain ranges, near Nuévalos, province of Zaragoza, Aragon, Spain.
One is that emperor Constantine I founded the church in gratitude for the rescue of his daughter Costanza from a shipwreck.
The church was built by the Dutch in 1706 and is a smaller version of the church in Galle fort.
When it opened in 1957, it was the largest mosque in the Western Hemisphere.
Despite attempts to save them, all seven of its Torah scrolls were destroyed, as were over 3,000 prayer books.
Construction started in 1906 and was completed in 1908.
St Mary's Church is the civic church of Bury St Edmunds and is one of the largest parish churches in England.
It is located in Gospodar Jevremova Street in the neighbourhood of Dorćol.
Rabbi Zalman Druck was the spiritual leader from the synagogue's establishment until his death on 11 December 2009.
In a unique way it mixes Renaissance and Italian architectural style.
Princes Road Synagogue, located in Toxteth, Liverpool in England, is the home of the Liverpool Old Hebrew Congregation.
Originally designed in the Byzantine Revival-Romanesque Revival styles, the plan was changed after 1909 to a Gothic Revival design.
Under his supervision a stepped lantern cupola with a crown was erected.
The mosque, 27,300 square metres in size, has a central hall which is 13,596 square metres with an occupancy capacity of 44,000.
The Birnbaum siddur forms the basis of the liturgy.
Its current building dates to 1860, and is a well-designed late example of the Greek Revival architectural style.
The presiding deity in this temple is Saraswati and sub-deities are Ganapathy, Subrahmanyan, Mahavishnu, Yakshi, Hanuman and Veerabhadran.
Two congregation members have won Nobel Prizes.
Construction of the Greek Byzantine-style church began in 1908 under the supervision of the architect Anastasios Metaxas, followed by Georgios Nomikos.
The cathedral was built between 1650 and 1699, the year of its consecration.
The Ferhadija mosque reflects the full maturity of the classical Ottoman style-domed mosque, portico with small domes, and beautiful built-on minaret.
As the British moved into Connecticut Farms, Hannah Caldwell was shot through a window or wall as she sat with her children on a bed.
The current Cardinal Priest of the Titulus Chiesa di San Gregorio VII is Moran Mor Baselios Cardinal Cleemis Catholicos, the Major Archbishop of Trivandrum.
Gndevank is a 10th-century Armenian monastery in the Vayots Dzor Province of Armenia, along the Vayk-Jermuk road.
The church is involved with local LGBT events, such as NC Pride, Drag Bingo, and AIDS awareness.
Church-Mosque of Vefa is a former Eastern Orthodox church converted into a mosque by the Ottomans in Istanbul.
It was later used as the town's library and is still known as the Reading Room today.
Miya Khan Chishti's Mosque and Tomb is a medieval mosque and tomb complex on the bank of Sabarmati river in Shahibaug area of Ahmedabad, India.
The Church was designed to resemble Our Lady of Refuge in Brooklyn, New York.
The building's interior, with its 48.5 meters tall domed ceiling, draws on multiple historical styles to produce its overall Art Nouveau/Moorish Revival style.
As Tampa's population grew and the city expanded, St. Andrew's parish helped to establish the local Episcopal congregations of St. John's and St. Mary's.
During the 12th-13th centuries it was a major center of learning.
The caravanserai was located on intersection of Uzeyir Hajibeyov and Mirza Fatali Akhundov streets.
The main deity of the temple is Mahavira, the 24th and last Tirthankara of present half cycle of time.
It has a full stage for special cultural and Hindu programs.
Other chapels have modern artworks mostly showing Latin American devotions.
In 2013, repairs began on the minaret at a cost of 2.2 million TL, expected to be completed in 2014.
The current parish church of Wilberfoss, St John's, is possibly the nave of the conventual church.
Mass is offered daily throughout the year.
Smbat was the ancestor of the Armenian princes of Syunik.
The building was originally the Saints Constantine and Helen Greek Orthodox Church before it relocated to suburban Palos Hills.
According to Gregorio Brunelli this church was the original parish church of Vezza d'Oglio, but contemporary scholars believe this interpretation to be wrong.
Juma Mosque, or Friday Mosque, is a mosque in Baku, Azerbaijan.
Aali Masjid is a mosque located in the Srinagar city of the Indian state of Jammu and Kashmir.
The mosque was opened on the second visit of Mirza Tahir Ahmad, Khalifatul Masih IV.
The current temple is located at the corner of Belknap and W. Ashby, just north of San Antonio Community College.
It is well-known as the oldest Catholic church for the Teochew community in Serangoon.
The synagogue was subsequently rebuilt during the 1950s.
In 1925 it was greatly enlarged and encased in stone.
In October 2010, Or Chadash was thought to be one of the two synagogues targeted in the 2010 cargo planes bomb plot.
The Alto Vista Chapel was stated to be the location where conversion of Aruban Indians to Christianity started.
Vic Cathedral, officially the Cathedral of St. Peter the Apostle is a Roman Catholic cathedral in Vic, Catalonia, Spain.
There are no remains but the location is thought to have been somewhere between Lower Brook Street and Middle Brook Street.
The present Cardinal Priest of the Titulus San Frumentii ad Prata Fiscalia is Alexandre José Maria dos Santos.
The mosque is built above a raised platform.
There is a small mosque area adjoining the shrine room, along with a small courtyard in front.
The Meir Taweig Synagogue is the only synagogue still active in Baghdad, Iraq.
The Temple of Solomon is a replica of the Temple of Solomon built by the Universal Church of the Kingdom of God in São Paulo.
The church is located in Poblacion, the central town of the said municipality.
Axmouth Priory was a priory in Devon, England.
The cathedral was restored after the end of the hostilities and was re-inaugurated by the Maronite Patriarch Nasrallah Boutros Sfeir on 24 April 2000.
The Dongsi Mosque is a mosque in Dongsi Subdistrict, Dongcheng District, Beijing, China.
Handale Priory was a priory in North Yorkshire, England.
It was designed by Frederick Clarke Withers and built in 1859.
To the west lies the Laad Bazaar, and to the southwest lies the richly ornamented granite Makkah Masjid.
As Stoughton's Jewish population grew, membership increased to 72 families, and land was purchased in three stages for a new synagogue.
In 1860, the interior decoration, including the chancel-screen, was made, again by artists from the Tryavna School.
Saint Hripsime Church is a seventh century Armenian Apostolic church in the city of Vagharshapat, Armenia.
Its architectural style combines Middle Eastern, Indian and Spanish elements.
It was the royal mosque of the Sultanate of Langkat.
Naissa Mosque is a mosque in Qardaha, along the Syrian coast.
The mosque and Islamic centre was designed by Dr.
Skhalta is the only medieval church in Adjara that survived both the Ottoman and Soviet periods to become functional again in 1990.
Dante and Boccaccio are both said to have preached from the pulpit.
The preceptory was established between 1290 and 1338.
Darul Barakaat Mosque is one of the largest mosques in the city of Birmingham, England.
The word 'Khirki' prefixed to masjid is an Urdu word that means "window" and hence is also called "The Masjid of Windows".
The minaret was built in 1090, and was destroyed during fighting in the Syrian civil war in April 2013.
They were credited as the architects of Sarkhej Roza.
The Óbuda Synagogue is a synagogue built in Óbuda, Hungary, in 1820.
In 1291, the value of the abbey's estates in Pulloxhill was £7 2s.
It was restored, and reopened with a celebratory service on 24 September 1951.
Many buildings on the campus of Texas Tech University in Lubbock, Texas, borrow architectural elements from those found at Mission San José.
Al-Quds Mosque Hamburg was a mosque in Hamburg, Germany that preached a radical form of Sunni Islam.
The Neue Synagoge was built 1859–1866 as the main synagogue of the Berlin Jewish community, on Oranienburger Straße.
The community dates back to classical times.
The Benedictine mission is attached to the church.
George Wilkinson was afterwards Bishop of St Andrews, Dunkeld and Dunblane.
Its current structure is rebuilt in the contemporary era, but some of the plaster works and paintings are from the Safavid age.
It is the oldest surviving church inside Yerevan's city limits.
The Nasir-ol-Molk Mosque, also known as the Pink Mosque, is a traditional mosque in Shiraz, Iran.
Büyük Ağa Medresesi or Kapı Ağa Medresesi is a historical 15th century medrese in Amasya, Turkey.
It has been an Armenian spiritual centre and a place of pilgrimage for centuries.
It was a cell of Eynsham Abbey that developed from a hermitage.
The Islamic mosque and about 5000 man is prayer
The Parish Church of St Mary, Radcliffe is a church in Radcliffe, Greater Manchester.
It is the mother church of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Gaborone.
Foundations were laid on April 10, 1765, and the foundation stone on May 12.
The Reformed Church is a church in Uileacu Şimleului, Romania, built between 1260 and 1300.
It is one of the five votive churches in Venice, each one built after the passing of a plague through the city.
The Rotunda is dedicated to Saint John the Baptist.
Kevada Masjid is a mosque in Champaner, Gujarat state, western India.
Below the left column on the facade, there is a cannonball embedded in the base of the column.
There is no inscription in or on the mosque, which it has been mentioned the construction year and the architect's name on.
The church was built by the Dutch in 1706 and is a smaller version of the church in the Matara fort.
His remains are rumoured to be buried inside the cathedral.
Kanach Zham means "Green Church" in Armenian, this is because at one time the church's domes were painted green.
The Cathedral of Our Lady is a Roman Catholic cathedral in Antwerp, Belgium.
The Center, on 8-acre, is designed to be a spiritual retreat center for people of all faiths.
Eye Priory was a Benedictine Priory dedicated to St Peter in the town of Eye in the UK county of Suffolk.
The United Hebrew Congregation at 13788 Conway Road in St. Louis, Missouri is a Reform Jewish synagogue.
The believed remains of St James Chapel, Skendleby Priory, were uncovered during archaeological investigations and excavations in 2005.
Arden Priory was a priory near to Hawnby in the Ryedale district of North Yorkshire, England.
The Sidi Arif Mosque is one of the largest mosques in Sohag Governorate.
The Basilica of St. Mary of the Altar of Heaven is a titular basilica in Rome, located on the highest summit of the Campidoglio.
In 1969, it was declared a "Bien de Interés Cultural" in the category of monument.
In September 1978 the building was designated a Provincial Historic Resrouce.
Programmes like temple festival, Sapthaham, Parakkezhunnellippu are also conducted regularly.
Córdoba Synagogue is a historic edifice in the Jewish Quarter of Córdoba, Spain, built in 1315.
It is one of the major works of 15th-century Renaissance architecture in Northern Italy.
It is entitled to St. Fidelis of Como, patron of the Catholic diocese of Como.
Bagh-e-Ghoushkhane minaret(Persian: مناره باغ قوشخانه‎‎) is a historical minaret in Isfahan, Iran.
The church's design also includes a wide atrium and a rectangular entrance area, or narthex, marked by two circular turrets.
The mosque was built in 1425 under the patronage of Ahmed bin Saleh bin Al-Saffah on the ruins of an old mill, during the Mamluk period.
Cathedral of the Holy Name of Mary is a Roman Catholic baroque cathedral in Minsk.
The parish was the second in the Jackson area, after St. John the Evangelist.
Listeners can hear the service on-line at http://wgac.com/listen-live/
A broken amalaka and stone carved with kirtimukha are in front of the temple.
The market place is the only large-scale Greek-Roman site excavated in the downtown area.
His tomb is decorated with his recumbent figure and reliefs of the Apostles.
Formerly the episcopal seat of the Diocese of Todi, it has been since 1986 that of the Diocese of Orvieto-Todi.
The house was surrendered on 25 September 1538 by William Swift, the last Prior, and two of his canons.
Holy Mother of God Church of Bethlehem is a church in Tbilisi, Georgia.
The Kaohsiung Mosque is a mosque in Lingya District, Kaohsiung, Taiwan.
It was founded by Gilbert son of Robert of Ormsby with the consent of his lord, William, earl of Albemarle.
It was consecrated on 15 August 1850.
It was declared an Archdiocesan Shrine by Manila Archbishop Luis Antonio G. Cardinal Tagle on June 8, 2014, the Solemnity of the Pentecost.
Several stained glass windows were added over the years.
With its 78 meters rising up in the sky, the church tower of the "Chapelle du Kreisker" is the highest in Brittany.
The church is located on San Pietro di Castello, a small island off the eastern end of the main city of Venice.
While we were there, Hakobyan, the melik of Yerevan, who had been summoned at the Catholicos, arrived.
The site, donated by fonnese Don Stefano Melis, was located in the district Logotza of the "villa" of Fonni belonging to the fief of Mandas.
Inside is the tomb of a holy man named Sheikh Ali ibn Marwan who belonged to the Hasani family.
Still standing, it is a Grade II* listed building.
Also located near this mosque on Mount Jawshan, is a mashad known as Mashad al-Siqt.
The temple was used to make sacrifices to Mount Heng by the emperors of the Song Dynasty while the mountain was occupied by the Liao Dynasty.
Construction began since April 2004 and was fully completed on August 2009.
The mosque is rectangular in shape, and its minaret rises 30 meters.
The present church was built in Gothic Revival style between 1916 and 1949.
In 1833 the first church on the site was built.
The design was to represent the form of a tent, the ancient dwelling of Israel, as a symbol of temporary, migratory and transient lives.
The synagogue is built in a Romanesque-Moorish style.
Šerefudin's White Mosque is a mosque located in Visoko, Bosnia and Herzegovina.
St. Patrick's Catholic Church is a Roman Catholic church in San Francisco, California, founded in 1851.
The garden is open on request and offers peace and tranquility for families of those who are remembered there.
Recently proposals have been made to build 2500 houses on the site.
The priory church remains as the Church of England parish church of Deeping St James and is a Grade I listed building.
A large proportion of the congregation are students or faculty at the Memorial University of Newfoundland.
Seventeen years later, in 1984, the church and priory, designed in 1881 by William Schickel, were listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Its front columns were created by laying brick in a circular pattern and then plastering over them to create the fluting on the exposed points.
The church was dedicated to St James, the patron saint of Spain, and designed by Ferdinando Manlio.
The Church of St Mary of the Angels is a Roman Catholic church in Singapore completed in 2004.
Secondary patron saints include St. Joseph Marello, founder of the Oblates of St. Joseph, and the Sacred Heart of Jesus.
The interior houses the altar and stucco and mural decorations by Tarocchi, and paintings by Aurelio Lomi, Pandolfo Titi, and the 19th-century painter Giuseppe Bacchini.
It is one of 45 Melkite Greek Catholic churches or missions reporting to the Melkite Greek Catholic Eparchy of Newton.
They were in essence the leaders of the entire Twelver Shi'a world.
The Fortress Church or the Big Church is the oldest surviving church in Târgu Mureș.
The building is the second oldest extant church in the county.
Never considered particularly important, it was subjected to rebuilding many times.
In the center of the courtyard, a dodecagon-shaped sadirvan spends water for ritual washing wudu.
Other 13th century additions include the chapel of Sourb Astvatsatsin, the scriptorium, and a large refectory which is outside of the monastery limits.
The building was demolished in the 1960s - along with numerous other properties in Nicholas Street - during the construction of the city's inner ring road.
Maldon Friary was a friary in Essex, England.
This visit was the second ever visit to any synagogue by any one of the Popes.
Lakemba Mosque and the LMA offices are located contiguously on Wangee Road, Lakemba.
The program first aired in January 2008, and has subsequently been re-aired on satellite TV channels.
San Matteo is a Roman Catholic church in Genoa, in the region of Liguria, Italy.
Its Kazinczy Street facade has a rose window and narrow Gothic windows.
The temple halls and the Chinese garden in front of the nunnery are open to the public daily free of charge.
It is located 12 kilometers west-northwest of Akhtamar Island.
Unlike other mosques, it does not have the traditional pyramidal roof.
It is considered in the same nonprofit category as a church.
Modern Thessalonians commonly know it as Alkazar, after a cinema that operated in the premises for decades.
As of 2015, the mosque is still under construction.
When Napoleon was finally dispatched, the Bourbons were restored to the throne of Naples.
It is San Diego's largest and oldest Jewish congregation.
It features a variation of the cruciform plan and central cupola'd church.
"Stone in the middle ages possessed an Augustinian priory.
Saint Vincent Ferrer Parish Church is the Roman Catholic parish church of Odiongan in Romblon in the Philippines.
It remained at the North Broad Street address until 1956 when the Congregation moved north of the city to suburban Elkins Park, Pennsylvania.
The church was designed by the architect Francesco Borromini and it was his first independent commission.
The mosque is the oldest and largest mosque in Ningxia.
Near the church on the hill, are places that provide panoramic views over the city.
The parish was established in 1882 to serve the area's French Canadian immigrant population and remained the French-Canadian National Parish until 1957.
The current senior rabbi is Rabbi Shachar Orenstein.
The synagogue is located in the neighborhood of Shepherd Park.
Senlis Cathedral is a Roman Catholic church and former cathedral in Senlis, Oise, France.
The most recent Cardinal Priest of the Titulus S. Crucis in Hierusalem was Miloslav Vlk, who died on 18 March 2017.
The priory was established between 1086 and 1194 on land granted by Hubert Boldran to the Benedictine Abbey of St-Pierre-sur-Dives in Sees, France.
In 2015, the flat occupying the church tower was on the market for £1 million.
Saints Peter and Paul Church is a Roman Catholic Church in San Francisco's North Beach neighborhood.
The Chai Wan Mosque or Cape Collinson Mosque is a mosque in Chai Wan, Hong Kong, China.
The wall is covered with exquisitely carved figures of humans and birds, as well as inscriptions in the Brāhmī script.
At present, the parish priest and rector is Rev.
The installation makes use of 1,000 solar cells embedded in 54 panels.
This mihrab has an amazingly beautiful stucco work decoration, created probably during the 9th or 10th century.
It was found in 1874 as the Orthodox Ahavath Achim.
It is the seat of the Bishop of Pistoia and is dedicated to Saint Zeno of Verona.
It and its five-acre churchyard feature prominently in Washington Irving's "The Legend of Sleepy Hollow".
The architectural style is essentially Moorish Revival, with elements of the Vienna Secession and, in the facade, Venetian architecture.
The area also has Ancient Briton artifacts from before Roman times.
The mosque was unofficially opened on 1 April 2016.
Sultan Sikhandar's son Zain-ul-abidin extended the Jama Masjid by including turret.
Ampel Mosque is an ancient mosque located in the Ampel sub-district, district Semampir, Surabaya, East Java.
Adath Israel, unlike most United States Conservative Synagogues but like the majority of Conservative synagogues in the Toronto area, has not adopted egalitarianism.
The Imam and resident scholar of the mosque is Azfar Uddin
It is the seat of the Archbishop of Acerenza.
The Gate of Mercy Synagogue, Hebrew: שער הרחמים), India.
The building has been renovated many times.
On the northern and southern sides of the courtyard, there are two large halls for teaching and discussing of seminarians.
Sant Climent de Taüll, also known as the Church of St. Clement of Tahull, is a Roman Catholic church in Catalonia, Spain.
The synagogue was set on fire by Nazis during the Kristallnacht on 9–10 November 1938.
Also included in this complex are the Franciscan Monastery of the Flagellation, and the Church of the Condemnation and Imposition of the Cross.
It has undergone several extensive renovations since its construction, and has had two outbuildings added, but maintains its historic character.
The first church on this site was erected in the eighth century.
The churchyard contains the war graves of six soldiers of World War I and three of World War II.
However, the most significant times are during the hajj, when millions of pilgrims gather to circle the building within a 5-day period.
Its original structure built in stone and mortar has been "patched" over throughout its history with foreign substances.
It is one of eight Ravenna structures inscribed on the UNESCO World Heritage List.
There are also other old graves in the structure.
A Christian place of worship had stood on the abbey site since Anglo-Saxon times.
Kaunas Cathedral Basilica was included on the Registry of Immovable Cultural Heritage Sites of the Republic of Lithuania in 1996.
Due to its unusual appearance, it is one of the best known churches in the city.
Still known as one of San Antonio's more contemporary places of worship, Temple Beth-El is very open in their support of the Jewish and LGBT community.
The mosque serves the Ossetian Muslim minority.
It was the first church ever built west of Interstate 75 in Broward County and in the City of Pembroke Pines.
The church of Saint George is located centrally in the village of Garnahovit, Aragatsotn Province, Armenia.
The congregation is notable for the unusual concentration of distinguished scholars among its members.
It is considered a significant contribution to the baroque church architecture of Middle Franconia.
A program of cleaning and restoration of the cathedral was carried out from 1968-72.
The leader of the congregation is Rabbi Menachem Goldberger.
It belonged to the Russian Orthodox Church.
It is located next to the Trier Dom.
It can accommodate up to 5,000 worshippers and is famous for hosting four different Islamic traditions.
The Slave Dynasty was the forerunner under the early Delhi Sultanate that ruled from 1216 CE to 1516 CE.
The Saudi Sheikh Akram Aadja saw that the financing was completed.
The original St. Jude's Cathedral had been designed by Ronald Thom in 1970 and built in 1972 by local volunteers.
The church has underrun reconstruction in 19th century and by 2010.
The church was dedicated to the Panagia, a Greek Orthodox appellation for the Virgin Mary.
St. Mary Star of the Sea is a Catholic parish church located in downtown Jackson, Michigan.
It was damaged during the March 1920 massacre of Armenians of the city by Azerbaijanis and experienced a decades-long decline under Soviet rule.
Ibrahim Pasha Mosque, is a mosque in Bulgaria.
As of 2016, the khatib of the mosque is Mohammad Jalal Uddin Al-Kaderi.
The architect Antonio Maria Ricca designed the present structure.
It is the island's first and only synagogue.
It is located in San Justo Street, adjacent to the Archbishop's Palace.
In 2004 she donated synagogue registers covering the period 1961-1976 to the Ben-Zvi Institute Library in Jerusalem.
The abbey was founded in 1134, under Óláfr Guðrøðarson's control.
It is now the main synagogue for followers of Zalman Teitelbaum, son of the deceased Satmar rebbe Moshe Teitelbaum.
Stone from the ruins of the priory was used to build Hengrave Hall north of Bury St Edmunds in the early 16th century.
The tower survived but was greatly modified.
It received a charter in 1127, replacing an earlier foundation of secular canons at St Stephens.
Wormegay Priory was a priory in Norfolk, England.
Its founder, Ali Effendi, who was at that time the Muderis of Prizren is buried in the garden.
The Church of Saint Anne in the Vatican, known as Sant'Anna de' Parafrenieri, is a Roman Catholic parish church dedicated to Saint Anne in Vatican City.
The abbey church, dedicated the Nativity of Mary, was consecrated in 1136 and later remodeled in the Baroque style in the seventeenth century.
Architect Martín de Sepúlveda was the first director of this project from 1524 to 1532.
Each has a dome with a lantern to let light into the cavernous interior.
It is traditionally assumed that the corner stone was pulled into the city by procession of 700 Vilniusites from the Antakalnis hills.
The present day Reformed Dutch Church in Prattsville, New York, was the Society of Schoharie Kill when it began in 1798.
It is one of Germany's oldest churches, having been built between the 11th and 13th centuries.
I BIt is said to be based on the Mughal architectural style.and follow the green building concept .
The site is now that of Holy Trinity Church, Micklegate, York.
The current façade is a 19th-century reconstruction.
His son, Ilan D. Feldman, took over as rabbi, and is currently the spiritual leader of Beth Jacob.
Rabbi Schwarzman left in 2014 and was succeeded by Rabbi Aviva Fellman.
The Charterhouse, Coventry is a grade I listed building on London Road, Coventry, in the West Midlands of England.
The brass lamps and the communion rails depict art motifs and lacquer work of Kandyan tradition.
Rialton Grange was a grange in St Columb Minor in Cornwall, UK, belonging to the priors of Bodmin.
The Kiever Synagogue is a Modern Orthodox Jewish synagogue in Toronto, Canada.
In 1526 Ferdinand I, Holy Roman Emperor was elected here to become the King of Hungary.
On 15 March 1306 Stephen Uroš II Milutin of Serbia issued a charter to Ratac in which he appointed his son Stephen as his future successor.
This is an atishaya kshetra, with 108 shrines.
There are Byzantine-style decorations and stone ornaments on its walls.
The church is currently located on the northern limits of the city on gently sloping ground on Perryville Road.
Media related to Synagogue in Bielsko-Biała at Wikimedia Commons
Sclerder Abbey serves the Cornish Roman Catholic community and a resident priest lives next to the monastery.
Rykestrasse Synagogue, Germany's largest synagogue, is located in the Prenzlauer Berg neighbourhood in the Pankow borough of Berlin.
The mosque is located at the left riverbank in the city of Astana, construction first started in March 2005.
The new congregation moved into the Robertson United Church building.
There are stained glass windows imported from Munich.
The Church of Saint Clare is located on Klara Västra Kyrkogata in the Klara area in lower Norrmalm.
It was owned by Don Catalino Rodriguez, Sariaya’s town Presidente from 1908 to 1909.
Temple Emanuel Sinai is a medium-sized Reform Jewish synagogue located in Worcester, Massachusetts, New England's second largest city.
The measurement of its dome is 12 meters in diameter and 10 meters in height
The church was possibly dedicated to Hagios Theodoros, but this dedication is far from certain.
The building measures 17 x 10 metres.
Also buried within the mosque are Hakimah Khātūn, sister of ‘Alī al-Hādī; and Narjis Khātūn, the mother of Muħammad al-Mahdī.
In 1955 the congregation moved to its current home, a building on East 22nd Place designed by Percival Goodman.
It had three naves separated by three Tuscan columns.
It is a stucco-sided wooden building erected in the 1920s to serve the growing Jewish community in that area of the Catskills.
Kowloon Masjid and Islamic Centre or Kowloon Mosque and Islamic Centre is second among five principal mosques constructed in Hong Kong.
It has a capacity for 15,000 people and is situated among 13 acres of beautiful gardens.
The monastery was almost completely ruined during the Russo-Turkish war of 1877-78.
The actual suburb is called Vitinia, the first one westwards on the Via del Mare after the Circonvallazione Meridionale.
It is the oldest church structure on the Upper East Side.
The Great Mosque of Kairouan is one of the most impressive and largest Islamic monuments in North Africa; its perimeter is almost equal to 405 metres.
It is listed as an historic monument by the Romanian National Institute of Historical Monuments.
He demolished the priory and used the materials to build Arbury Hall.
Malmesbury Abbey, at Malmesbury in Wiltshire, England, is a religious house dedicated to Saint Peter and Saint Paul.
It is the largest church, and the tallest building, in Hungary.
The building is well known for its landmark collapsed tower.
Calcutta Jain Temple is a Jain temple at Badridas Temple Street and a major tourist attraction in Kolkata, India.
It was declared a national monument by royal decree in 1887.
Witchingham Priory was a priory in Norfolk, England.
Committee meetings were held every few days, a variety of problems being addressed.
The cathedral holds the remains of Gonzalo Jiménez de Quesada, founder of Bogotá.
The church facade of Santa Chiara is diagonally across from the church of Gesù Nuovo.
It was designed by the British architect Leofric Kesteven.
The Porto Cathedral is a Roman Catholic church located in the historical centre of the city of Porto, Portugal.
Services held in members’ homes and at community venues in Portsmouth, Southampton and Winchester.
Since the unfinished nave collapsed in 1674 the Dom tower became a free standing tower.
Madron Monastery was a Celtic monastery at Madron in Cornwall, UK.
The Grand synagogue of Aden, also known as Shield of Avraham Synagogue or "Magen Avraham", was built in 1858.
The church of Sant'Afra in Brescia, also known as the church of Sant'Afra in Sant'Eufemia, is located on Corso Magenta, near Piazzale Arnaldo.
Established as the first Buddhist temple in the Tidewater region of Virginia in 1998, it remains as of 2010 one of three in the State.
For the most part, the interior appears much as it did in 1815, a major exception being that of the stained-glass windows added later.
Kvetera Church was built in the early part of the 10th century.
It is known for an avian veterinary hospital in a second building behind the main temple.
Beth El was founded in 1850 in the city of Detroit, and is the oldest Jewish congregation in Michigan.
In late September 2011, a temporary 4,000-square-foot Islamic center opened in renovated space at the Park51 location.
It is located directly in the city centre, has a 125 m tall tower and features a famous organ by Arp Schnitger from 1693.
Exeter Blackfriars was a Dominican friary in Devon, England.
In 1992 the Southern Baptist Convention expelled the church for its blessing a same-sex union.
The cathedral is in the Romanesque and Gothic architectural styles.
The Piaristenkirche was elevated to the rank of Basilica Minor in 1949.
These moves were reversed under the Mamluk Sultanate, under whose rule numerous expansions and renovations took place.
Other uses of La Verna include: La Verna cave and Laverna.
It was established on October 3, 1941, making it the first parish in Quezon City.
The largest deula, Khajuresvara, has been devastated.
Aside from the aforementioned alteration, there have not been any other major changes to the church.
According to calculations the synagogue construction cost 160,000 Austro-Hungarian krone.
Friedrichswerder Church was the first Neo-Gothic church built in Berlin, Germany.
Varagavank was an Armenian monastery on the slopes of Mount Varag, 9 km southeast of the city of Van, in eastern Turkey.
The parish was established on 30 January 1936.
When the synagogue opened in 1899, there was a vibrant Jewish community in Cairo.
Saint Joseph's Church is a Roman Catholic church in Singapore.
The church building is located in Berlin, borough Friedrichshain-Kreuzberg, in the quarter Outer Luisenstadt or colloquially SO 36.
Binat Bibi Mosque is the earliest surviving mosque in Dhaka built in 1454 by Bakht Binat, the daughter of Marhamat.
It consists of a main hall with two rows of columns forming a small basilica.
The Cathedral of the Holy Cross and Saint Eulalia, also known as Barcelona Cathedral, is the Gothic cathedral and seat of the Archbishop of Barcelona, Spain.
The Donau City Church, known more formally by its dedication as Christus, Hoffnung der Welt is a Roman Catholic parish church in Vienna's 22nd district.
There was once a garden in front of the house, in which two palm trees grew.
The interior court of the monastic ensemble is almost square and is surrounded by high, wide walls.
The B'nai Jeshurun congregation was established in 1858, making it the fourth oldest Jewish congregation in Alabama.
Today Christ Church is a featured site on the Oyster Bay History Walk audio walking tour.
The Church of Saint George is the major shrine for the fourth-century Christian martyr Saint George and is located in Lod, Israel.
It is also a Monument of National Importance and a National Heritage Site.
The convent was in the parish of St Paul at Alverton House, Tregolls Road, an early 19th-century house.
Bibi Shahr Banu Shrine is a shrine located near Shahr-e Ray, a southern suburb of Tehran, Iran.
Following a medieval Georgian tradition of naming churches after particular places in the Holy Land, the Sioni Cathedral bears the name of Mount Zion at Jerusalem.
Masjid Taha, or Taha Mosque, is the only mosque for the Ahmadiyya Muslim Community in Singapore.
The parish clergy also serve the sacramental needs of the Appalachian State Catholic Campus Ministry, a vicarial organization for college students within the parish.
The monastery was suppressed during the Dissolution of the Monasteries in June 1538.
A major restoration project was launched in 2007.
The "Black Friars" came to Dunstable in 1259, and settled separate from Dunstable Priory.
Carlisle Franciscan Friary was a medieval monastic house in Cumbria, England.
It was dissolved in 1539, and the site levelled.
The refectory contains a masterwork fresco of the Last Supper by Andrea del Sarto.
The Diocesan Shrine and Parish of Our Lady of the Abandoned is a Roman Catholic church in Marikina, the Philippines.
Holy Trinity Monastery is a Romanian Orthodox monastery in Romania, located in Strâmba-Jiu village, Turceni town, Gorj County, Romania.
Due to the stairs surrounding the church it got the popular name Maria Stiegen.
The pyramid was considered precursor to Hemingway's signature work, the multiple pyramids of the Muttart Conservatory.
This Arian church was originally dedicated in 504 AD to "Christ the Redeemer".
Koprivnica Synagogue is a former synagogue in Koprivnica, Croatia.
At its completion, it will become the largest mosque in West Sumatra, and the second largest mosque in Sumatra.
The church dated from 1140 and was demolished in the 18th century.
The Great Mosque of Kufa, or Masjid al-Kūfa, or Masjid-al-Azam located in Kūfa, Iraq, is one of the earliest mosques in the world.
The commonly used name La Seu refers to the status of the church as the seat of the diocese."
Despite that, the building remains one among the least studied of the city.
In 1975 it and the accompanying parsonage and schoolhouse were listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
By 1914, it had become a Classical Reform congregation.
The Basilica of the National Shrine of Our Lady Aparecida is a prominent Roman Rite Catholic basilica located in Aparecida, Brazil.
An excavation was done in 1959, and the interim report is held at Bedfordshire Record Office.
Quinn planned to construct a large cathedral to accommodate a growing congregation.
The formal, as well as pre-war, name of the synagogue is Khevre Loymdei Mishnayos.
It is the primary Anglican cathedral, affiliated to the Church of Ceylon.
Congregation Chasam Sopher is an Orthodox synagogue located at 10 Clinton Street on the Lower East Side of Manhattan.
Santa Maria di Castello is a church and religious complex in Genoa, Italy.
The masjid has many mehrabs, all intricately carved.
The bishop visited the priory in 1294 and asked the prioress to resign.
The Mosque of the Martyrs, also popularly known as the Turkish Mosque, is a mosque in Baku, Azerbaijan, near the Martyrs' Lane.
Trinity Church was a Baroque Protestant church in Berlin, eastern Germany, dedicated to the Holy Trinity.
Today the area is an increasingly popular tourist site.
The synagogue was founded in the early 18th century by followers of Judah heHasid, but it was destroyed by Muslims a few years later in 1721.
The parish was established on 31 December 1949.
The church is situated in Kadamattom near Kolenchery, Moovattupuzha, Kerala, India.
The church is dedicated to Mary Help of Christians.
It is located in the Jouybareh district of Isfahan.
It maintained significant lands in the English county of Derbyshire.
The celebrated Malayalam poet Kumaranasan, wrote his monumental poem Veenapoovu at a Jain house near here.
The Organizational Meeting for this congregation was held on November 3, 1881, and the first building opened at 104 Street and 99 Avenue a year later.
Tifereth Israel's building was the oldest structure built as a synagogue in Queens, and the oldest synagogue building in Queens continuously used for worship.
Kocharli neighbourhood is one of 9 lower neighbourhoods of Shusha.
Ivybridge Priory is a monastic house in Devon, England.
Destroyed Armenian monastic complex of a few churches in Iĝdir province of modern Turkey.
The 1870 earthquake devastated the church and knocked down the roof.
It is a Grade I listed building.
Its current synagogue building was opened in 2002.
It was built by Marchese Francesco Gonzaga in 1496 in memory of the French army of Charles VIII in the battle of Fornovo.
The synagogue was founded in 1933 and moved to its present premises in 1968.
Located on 190th Avenue, the parish is closest religious institution to US 27 within the county.
It was declared a national monument in 1840.
The Mediaeval kings of Navarre were crowned there and some of them were also buried.
Ourense Cathedral is a Roman Catholic church located in Ourense in northwestern Spain.
The monastery consists of a main church, named after Resurrection, two small chapels, and a ruined narthex.
In addition, the second oldest existing pagoda in China, dating from the 6th century, is located in the temple grounds.
Although currently independent of any official denomination, its early founders modeled the synagogue on the example of early Reform Judaism in Germany.
The Vlah Church is a Serbian Orthodox church built in 1450 in the village, Donji Kraj, Zeta, Serbian Despotate.
Archaeological excavations have revealed the existence of other two previous churches.
With the initiative of Mayor Lütfi Kırdar, a land of 3,219 m2 was left over to a symbolic price to the trustees of the mosque.
Igreja de Santa Luzia is a church in Lisbon, Portugal.
It is one of the eight international shrines recognized by the Holy See and its religious events were attended by around 300,000 pilgrims.
Emamzadeh Haroun-e-Velayat is an imamzadeh in Isfahan, Iran.
It is home to one of the oldest congregations in the city.
The church of St. Michael and Bernardine monastery is a beautiful piece of baroque sacral architecture in Iziaslav, Ukraine.
It is a co-cathedral in the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Gdańsk, along with the Oliwa Cathedral.
Ahrida Synagogue is one of the oldest synagogues in Istanbul, Turkey.
The structure is located downtown at 505 North Marion Street, however, the parish offices are located at 509 East Twiggs Street.
The Buddhist stupa of Boudhanath dominates the skyline.
San Saba is an ancient basilica church in Rome, Italy.
He was succeeded by David Goldberg, who was in turn replaced by Alexandra Wright in 2004.
In 1542 it was acquired by the Earl of Surrey and turned into the mansion of Mount Surrey.
The mosque has 20 domes and 2 minarets.
It was founded in 1903 by Jewish immigrants from Romania as the First Roumanian Hebrew Congregation Adath Israel.
The Church of Saint Clare or Klara Church is a church in central Stockholm.
Internally it has been modified over the years for farming purposes and latterly for accommodation.
In 2007, TBO moved from the Edmonton JCC to Chesed Shel Emeth, home of Edmonton’s Chevra Kadisha.
It has a single dome and minaret and unusually for a mosque, only one entrance.
This church ceased being used until restoration in finished in 1990.
In the middle of the 19th century the rectory was added, across the street, and the church expanded.
Along with the equally famed Puning Temple, it is one of the Eight Outer Temples of Chengde.
Though the budget was originally agreed at £5,000, the final cost of building was £30,000, one third of which was spent on the crypt structure.
The original pillars of the old mosque can still be found inside the new building.
The Church of Saint Charles Borromeo is a Roman Catholic parish church in San Carlos, Uruguay.
It underwent a number of reconstructions and enlargements.
The Nun of Watton was the protagonist of events, recorded by St Ailred of Rievaulx in De Sanctimoniali de Wattun.
The stalls of the choir Renaissance Plateresque work by Bigarny.
The Arabati Baba Tekḱe is a tekḱe located in Tetovo, Republic of Macedonia.
It is a rare surviving example of the European fortress church used for defensive purposes.
The tank was de–silted during the reign of Firuz Shah Tughlaq.
Two archaeological trenches were dug in 1981 and 1994; they exposed some tiles and wall footings.
St. Andrew Cathedral is a Ukrainian Orthodox cathedral at 15100 New Hampshire Avenue in Silver Spring, Maryland, United States.
Since 1983 it is run by the secular clergy.
The parish caters to parishioners who come from the different parts of Singapore, mainly from Bukit Batok, Bukit Gombak, Hillview, Jurong East and Choa Chu Kang.
The synagogue was built by Reform Congregation Ansche Chesed, a congregation of primarily German Jews that was the third Jewish congregation in New York City.
It is located in the West Quadrangle of the Main Building of the University, and was designed by Sir John Burnet.
The mosque served as a community center, a court, and a religious school.
St. Benedict Catholic Church is a Catholic church in downtown Greensboro, North Carolina.
After the war the main problem was financing.
The prayer hall for men holds 6,000 worshippers, and the women's prayer hall contains about 2,000.
Thus, Sri Ayyappa revealed his divinity to the world.
The Welsh word ystrad is synonymous with "strath" and "dale", while fflur is also the name of the nearby river.
Agudath Israel Etz Ahayem is a Conservative Jewish congregation located at 3525 Cloverdale Road in Montgomery, Alabama.
The main worship space seats 1,200 with provision to use an overflow area bringing the total to 2,000.
The Chiesa di Santa Maria del Giglio is a church in Venice, Italy.
It was built to 1015 by Angel de Grimoard, Bishop of Angoulême, and his brother Iso, Bishop of Saintes.
There are three windows at each side, and two in the front and backside each, all arched.
The construction of this chapel cross surmounted in the center of a drum dome dates back to the 9th to 14th centuries.
The Lukang Longshan Temple is a temple in Lukang Township, Changhua County, Taiwan.
There are an estimated 400 Jews living in Novi Sad today.
The complex also includes the lower walls of the gavit and a medieval cemetery.
The main dargah which came to be established is dedicated to Seyyad Ali.
Bullington Priory was a priory in Bullington, Lincolnshire, England.
The remains of the abbey buildings have since have been incorporated into a farm.
It was designed by Marco Treves, an architect born in Vercelli who also designed the Great Synagogue of Florence.
The canons were to pray for the souls of the founder and his parents, his brothers and sisters and all his relatives and friends.
In 1964, the synagogue design was awarded the Rechter Prize by the Israeli Architects Association.
The mosque was designed by Arthur Benison Hubback, and built in 1909.
The priory church survives as the parish church of Rumburgh, dedicated to St Michael and St Felix, and is a Grade I listed building.
The Crystal Mosque or Masjid Kristal is a mosque in Kuala Terengganu, Terengganu, Malaysia.
Sutton Camera was a priory in Herefordshire, England at grid reference SO52654582.
The Kara Ahmed Pasha Mosque or Gazi Ahmed Pasha Mosque is an Ottoman mosque near the city walls in Istanbul, Turkey.
It seems likely that there never was more than one canon living there taking charge of the lands.
The destruction of the church happened shortly after the arrival of the Italian KFOR troops.
It was built during the rule of the Iranian Safavid king Abbas I.
The Melaka Chinese Mosque is a Chinese-style mosque in Krubong, Melaka, Malaysia.
It was refounded in 915 by Elfleda and probably dissolved in 998.
It is the only documented 11th-century church in Istanbul which survives intact, and represents a key monument of middle Byzantine architecture.
It is situated in Bursa metropolitan district of Yıldırım, also named after the same sultan.
Though its building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1998, the congregation was reluctant to accept outside assistance in maintaining it.
It is situated in Podil, a historic neighborhood of Kiev.
Welle Priory was a priory in Gayton, in Norfolk, England.
Church of St. George is the Serbian Orthodox Church, located in Čukarica, Belgrade, in Banovo Brdo and built between 1928 and 1932.
It has an altitude of 807 metres above sea-level.
All Saints Anglican Church is an Anglican church in Raleigh, North Carolina.
In Crimean Tatar: Tahtalı Cami means "wooden mosque".
It was established on March 5, 1973, by Pope Paul VI for Cardinal-Deacon.
The Cathedral of Arapgir named Holy Mother of God was built in the 13th century.
Temple House of Israel is a Jewish congregation in Staunton, Virginia, United States.
Boudhanath is a stupa in Kathmandu, Nepal.
The inscriptions are installed in remembrance of those who performed charitable work for the church.
The mosque was constructed on the remains of a Sanskrit college, with materials from destroyed Hindu and Jain temples.
On October 28, 1835, Mexican troops under Colonel Domingo Ugartechea and Texian insurgents led by James Bowie and James Fannin fought the Battle of Concepción here.
The mosque is associated with Shaikh Zainuddin Makhdoom II, the famous author of Tuhafat-ul-Mujahidin.
Spandau Synagogue was a synagogue at 12 Lindenufer in the Old Town area of Spandau, Berlin, Germany.
The Nur Al-Din Mosque is a Zengid-era mosque in Hama, Syria.
In the early 1980s, the neighboring Charleston Place complex was constructed, bordering the church on all sides.
Construction began in 1737 and was completed in 1749.
The diocese was elevated to an archdiocese in 2000, and the cathedral is thus now the seat of the Archbishop of Agrigento.
It was designed by Sir Frederick Gibberd, completed in 1978, and has a prominent golden dome.
Located at 19 Hillsborough Road outside Lisburn, it was built in 2003 and opened on 10 May 2003.
Congregation Beth Israel is a Reform synagogue and member of the Union for Reform Judaism located at 301 East Jefferson Street in Charlottesville, Virginia.
Security measures include police and bomb-sniffing dogs.
St James Priory, Exeter was a priory in Devon, England.
Tokorozawa Shimei Shrine is a Shinto shrine in Tokorozawa, Saitama, Japan.
St. Peter's Cathedral is an interdenominational church in Bautzen, Germany.
The local Tatar nobles had a second storey added in 1835.
Taj-ul-Masajid is a mosque situated in Bhopal, India.
The mosque was a gift in accordance with the agreement of the Kazakhstan President, Nursultan Nazarbayev and the Emir of Qatar, Hamad bin Khalifa.
However, the Minster is now a minor basilica.
In 1776, two minarets were attached to the mosque.
The interior of the church contains an early-Renaissance choir screen, a stone pulpit and a monumental organ.
It is now rarely opened to the public.
For this reason the proposed building is often informally referred to in the press as the "mega-mosque".
The Cathedral of the Resurrection of Christ in Podgorica, Montenegro, is a cathedral of the Metropolitanate of Montenegro and the Littoral of the Serbian Orthodox Church.
It served the reformed congregation and was usually referred to as The Temple.
Plośko was also the architect of Mukhtarov Palace in Baku.
It was to serve the Jesuit novitiate, which was founded in 1566.
The building was designated an official Chicago Landmark on June 9, 1997.
The roof was raised and the interior reconstructed.
Occasionally a Rabbi or someone who is able to blow the shofar visits the community.
The Bristol Jamia Mosque is a mosque in the Totterdown area of Bristol.
The building, which was completed in 1911, was known as the Park Avenue Temple.
After 1529, work on the building was continued by the Knights Hospitallers.
The cathedral is one of Tianjin’s protected historical relics.
Previously, Newburgh's Muslim community met in town's NAACP office or a local store front.
The church is supported by 4 columns, and has three lavishly carved portals, chancel-arches and column capitals.
The church was built in a mixture of styles, including Moorish revival, Gothic revival, and Neo-Byzantine architectural traditions.
It was transferred in 1970 by the Archbishop of Vienna Franz Cardinal König to the priests of the Opus Dei.
Martyrdom of St Vincenzo Levita, by Giuseppe Bottani
Bayezid II Mosque is a historical 15th century Mosque in Amasya, Turkey.
Built by Ernesto Vespignani, it is dedicated to Saint Joseph.
Later, the present building was designated the cathedral church for the Diocese of South Carolina and Bishop Gray Temple was officially “seated” here in November 1963.
The mausoleum of Simion Bărnuțiu is located in the church, which is listed as a historic monument.
Belvoir Priory was a Benedictine priory near to Belvoir Castle.
The church's tower is the eighth tallest in the Netherlands at 94 metres.
The first monastic site in Atherstone was an Augustinian friary founded in the centre of the town in 1374 by Ralph, Lord Bassett of Drayton.
Part of the complex is located in the Agstafa rayon of Azerbaijan and has become subject to a border dispute between Georgia and Azerbaijan.
It was built in the late 19th century.
Pennant stone from the local Broom Hill quarry, was used in the construction, with Bath Stone dressings.
It is the oldest and largest church in Lipari.
The Neo-Baroque synagogue was built in 1872.
Notable attraction of this Jain worship center is approximately 2.49 ft high idol of Adinath Bhagwan.
The church was formerly the private chapel of the Villa San Donato, built by the rich Russian noble, Anatoly Nikolaievich Demidov, 1st Prince of San Donato.
The church takes its name from a 12th-century statue of the Virgin Mary.
This community is not in union with the Episcopal Church, the Union of Utrecht, or any of the so-called Episcopi vagantes.
This mosque was opened on 1988 by the eighth Yang di-Pertuan Agong, Sultan Iskandar of Johor.
The Russian Orthodox Cathedral of the Most Holy Trinity is an Eastern Orthodox church building in Buenos Aires, Argentina.
Santo Stefano alla Lizza is a Baroque style, Roman Catholic church located on Via dei Gazzani, in the city of Siena, region of Tuscany, Italy.
The tombs belonged to the most respected families in Gjakova.
In 1279, a wooden cupola was built over the tomb which was later rebuilt and renovated multiple times in late 15th century and once in 1817.
Founded in 1906 as the Edmonton Hebrew Association, it is the city's oldest synagogue.
Formally incorporated in 1887, Beth Israel traces its roots back to 1861.
The second pastor of St. John's was June Norris, the first heterosexual woman to be ordained by the MCC.
The Basilica is the shrine of the tomb of its namesake, Saint Lawrence, one of the first seven deacons of Rome who was martyred in 258.
The congregation had been meeting at Spring Glen's Episcopal church.
President of the United States Gerald Ford and First Lady Betty Ford were seasonal members of St. Margaret's.
The Raja Haji Fisabilillah Mosque or Cyberjaya Mosque is a principal mosque in Cyberjaya, Sepang, Selangor, Malaysia.
The font is a copy of the original Islamic ceramic from the 11th century.
Founded in 1820, it is currently in its second building, a stone Gothic Revival style structure dating to 1869.
It then came under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust, which continues to the present.
Le Mans Cathedral is a Catholic church situated in Le Mans, France.
The church of the monastery was built by Moldavian Prince Vasile Lupu.
It is one of the oldest Protestant churches still in use in the country.
It is today deconsecrated, sometimes used for representations of the nearby Teatro della Tosse.
St. James' Chapel is located on East Market Street, a short distance east of US 9, in Hyde Park, New York, United States.
Since 1946 it belongs - along with the monastery - to the historic buildings of Łódź.
The last recorded Bishop’s visitation took place 10 August 1503.
Founded by Rabbi Meir Shapiro, the Chachmei Lublin Yeshiva,, was an important centre for Torah study in Poland.
Abbot of the monastery, and two novices live in the monastery.
Evidence shows that reconstructions occurred in the first centuries of the common era.
Other architects and artists added to the church over the following centuries.
The church was designed by Joseph Potter and cost £13,927.
Larino Cathedral is a Roman Catholic cathedral located in Larino in the Province of Campobasso, Molise, Italy.
The one-floor establishment continues to be used as a center for prayer, as well as religious education; it also functions as a pesantren for the community.
It was the first building of the city to be made of brick when construction of the new choir and ambulatory started in 1244.
The Khalid ibn al-Walid Mosque is a mosque in Homs, Syria, located in a park along Hama Street in ash-Shuhada Square.
Provost of the parish is prelate Michał Józefczyk.
The Belz Great Synagogue is the largest synagogue in Israel.
It is widely known as the Cattedrale di San Gennaro, in honour of Saint Januarius, the city's patron saint.
Since 2015, the church has functioned as a Georgian Orthodox church.
The Holy Cross Church of Kaunas was included into the Registry of Immovable Cultural Heritage Sites of the Republic of Lithuania in 1996.
It was then designated a National Historic Landmark in 1975.
The apse, in Roman style, probably dates from the twelfth century.
Originally Orthodox, it became Conservative in 1969 and Reform in 2000.
The Channel 4 program Time Team, spent three days at the site during the 2007 digging season.
Still today, in memory of the Three Kings, the bell tower is surmounted by a star instead of the traditional cross.
Built in 1883, the structure was declared a Chicago Landmark in 1982.
Saints Peter and Paul Church in the town of Iwye, Belarus is a Brick Gothic church, partly altered in Baroque fashion.
Originally built in the 9th century, it has been significantly remodeled, especially in the 17th century.
It was the seat of the Diocese of Amarillo from 1927 to 1975.
Bodrum Mosque in Istanbul, Turkey, is a former Eastern Orthodox church converted into a mosque by the Ottomans.
Some of the earliest remains can still be seen in the grounds.
The church was built in the Baroque style, with the street frontage dominated by an Italianate tower.
Eghegnamor monastery is a well-preserved medieval Armenian monastery in the middle of Çengilli village village near Kağızman city of modern Turkey.
Other Jewish families followed, and a congregation was formally established in 1908.
The original building was completed in 1723 and replaced the first Surinamese synagogue in the Jodensavanne, originally built of wood between 1665-1671.
The Vahramashen Church, also commonly referred to as Vahramashen Surp Astvatsatsin or the Church of Amberd) was built for Prince Vahram Pahlavuni of the Pahlavuni family.
It is located near the town center, and was built to give thanks for the cessation of the plague of 1630.
The Art Deco styled, commercial office building built in 1929 was purchased by St. Andrew's Episcopal Church in 1996.
The original town of Hisar was a walled settlement inside the fort with four gates, Delhi gate, Mori gate, Nagauri gate and Talaqi gate.
The Neveh Shalom Synagogue is the only synagogue of the Ashkenazi community in Suriname.
It is a monument historique since 1906.
The Yeni Mosque, situated in Bitola, Republic of Macedonia, was built in 1558 by Kadi Mahmud-efendi.
Although the parish at that time was geographically large the number of dwellings was not.
At one point, there was a traveler's rest house there.
Beth Chayim Chadashim was founded in Mid-City Los Angeles in 1972 as a synagogue primarily for lesbians and gays.
The synagogue was burned by Nazis in 1941, and remains were bombed by allied forces during the bombing of Slavonski Brod in 1944.
It was built in 1601 by the order of Maghsoudbeyk, who was one of the very rich stewards of Abbas I.
The chapels under their jurisdiction include the Jem 9, Landcom, and Banlat chapels, and the Saint Vincent Seminary chapel of the Vincentian Fathers.
The funerary monuments for cardinals Juan de Cervantes and Pedro González de Mendoza Quiñones are located among its chapels.
Ustadz Musa Mohammed is the chief imam.
It is a brick building in the Gothic Revival architectural style with a tall wooden steeple built in the 1870s, one of Ossining's most prominent landmarks.
The Selimiye Mosque is housed in the largest and oldest surviving Gothic church in Cyprus possibly constructed on the site of an earlier Byzantine church.
The second structure was completed and dedicated in July 1902 at 103 Street and Jasper Avenue.
It is located in Uch in present-day Punjab, Pakistan.
Hamza Bey Mosque is a 15th-century Ottoman Mosque in Thessaloniki, Greece.
The Holy Trinity Cathedral of Tbilisi commonly known as Sameba is the main cathedral of the Georgian Orthodox Church located in Tbilisi, the capital of Georgia.
The detailed architectural plan was prepared by Booty and Edwards Chartered Architects and the construction work was done by Sino-Malayan engineers.
The mosque was constructed as a Jami mosque by Malik Kafur.
The church building was constructed from the 12th to the 15th centuries, and it has been a place of Christian worship for over 900 years.
The mosque is a landmark of Banda Aceh and has survived the 2004 Indian Ocean tsunami.
Almost nothing in the present monastery’s exterior suggests how ancient the monastery really is.
The congregation was founded in 1858, however the current building was constructed between 1866 and 1867.
Membership reached 500 families in 1976, and 560 by 1994.
In the immediate vicinity there is the residence of Prince Miloš.
The mosque is marked with its single octagonal minaret over the entrance, decorated with the fine carvings of the Mamluk-era architecture.
It is one of the largest Orthodox churches in the world and ranks among the largest church buildings in the world.
It is located on the Khaled lagoon at the Buhaira Corniche.
The priory church evolved into the parish church of St Edith, Monks Kirby, which is a grade I listed building.
Part of the priory site is now occupied by a house, also called Chacombe Priory.
It is a Grade I listed building.
There are 20 stone columns with the height of 2 m in the shabestan.
The church was built according to the design of the architect Baghdasar Arzoumanian.
Jama Masjid Gulbarga is Mosque located in Gulbarga City, Karnataka, India.
At that time, Huguenots made up about 25% of Berlin's population.
The mosque is situated in the Misgaran Qissa Khwani Bazaar.
The Wooden Church is a Greek-Catholic church in Camăr, Romania, built in 1780.
Yakutiye Medrese is a historical 14th century Madrasa in Erzurum, Turkey.
The cathedral was built between 1220 and c.1270 and has been listed as a UNESCO World Heritage Site since 1981.
Despite the church’s status as a national monument, it has had serious conservation problems due to deterioration since the mid 20th century.
Congregation Kol Ami is a synagogue located in Salt Lake City, Utah.
St Anthony's Monastery was a Celtic monastery at St Anthony in Meneage in Cornwall, UK.
Its massive 73.34 m high steeple is a landmark of the city.
The cathedral is located in Barangay II, La Union.
On September 6, 1986, gunmen opened fire during a Shabbat service, which resulted in the death of 22 people.
Located in Faizabad district, it was one of the largest mosques in the Uttar Pradesh state.
Congregation Emanu-El of San Francisco, California, is one of the two oldest Jewish congregations in California.
It is located in Nizamuddin precincts of Sufi Muslim shrines and tombs in New Delhi, India.
Don Catalino Rodriguez Ancestral House is listed as one of the Ancestral Houses in the Philippines, under Region IV-A.
Beth-El is a member of the Union for Reform Judaism, and has led the congregation in Reform Judaism services since the temple's foundation.
It includes a 15-story tower topped by a bronze Scientology cross visible from much of Clearwater.
It is a two tower building of Latin cross shape.
The Holy Trinity Cathedral, Sibiu, located at 35 Mitropoliei Street, Sibiu, Romania, is the seat of the Romanian Orthodox Archbishop of Sibiu and Metropolitan of Transylvania.
It is headed by the Chief Rabbi of Armenia Gershon Burstein.
It was originally built in 1551 and was destroyed in 1591 by the Catholic League during the siege of Paris by the future Henry IV.
The temple has some intricate glass work.
In the first half of the 20th century, there were dozens of immigrant synagogues in this area and over 50 in the city of Boston proper.
It features a central pavilion and two-stage tower composed of a square lower level and octagonal belfry with domed cap.
The second church building, constructed in 1806 is still visible on the site, behind the newer structure.
State festivals would be held at the mosque in which food was distributed to all classes of people.
In 1990, Rabbi Nancy Wechsler joined the congregation as its first rabbi.
Hala Sultan Tekke or the Mosque of Umm Haram is a Muslim shrine on the west bank of Larnaca Salt Lake, near Larnaca, Cyprus.
Saint Gregory the Illuminator Church, is a former Armenian Apostolic church near Fountains Square in central Baku, Azerbaijan.
Sancaktar Hayrettin Mosque is part of a former Eastern Orthodox monastery converted into a mosque by the Ottomans.
Molycourt Priory was a priory in Norfolk, England.
The Priory buildings were then used as farm buildings until 1980, when they were converted into self-catering holiday apartments.
The Emamzadeh has a turquoise dome and minaret and also a wooden shrine.
Congregation Schara Tzedeck is affiliated with the Union of Orthodox Jewish Congregations of America.
It was built in 1720 and reconstructed in 1870.
The building was first explored and depicted by Joseph Bernardazzi in 1829; a more scholarly description was given by Abraham Firkovich in 1848.
Its cornerstone laid in 1907, the Guastavino tiled dome of the de Sales parish has been an icon in its neighborhood.
It is dedicated to the Exaltation of the Holy Cross.
The original statue is kept in a golden shell inside the basilica.
It includes students from many area universities including Carnegie Mellon University, the University of Pittsburgh, the University of Pittsburgh Medical Center, and Duquesne University.
It is the seat of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Girona.
First construction was completed in 1477, but it was completely reconstructed and finished in 1980.
It moved into its second building, on 113th Street, in 1952, and moved into its current location in 2000.
A grant was made to bishop Sinibaldo of this church in 1123, which had already been in construction.
The mission was named in part for the Marquis de San Miguel de Aguayo, José de Azlor y Virto de Vera.
Today the community is a symbol of a good living together.
The altarpiece on the high altar depicts St. John the Almsgiver by Titian; the right apse chapel houses Saints Catherine, Sebastian and Roch by il Pordenone.
Dedicated to Saints Stanislaus and Ladislaus, the church is the heart of Catholic spiritual life in Lithuania.
Aurobindo Nath Mukherjee, Metropolitan of India, Pakistan, Burma and Ceylon.
The temple is also known as "Chandranatha Temple" since it honors the tirthankara Chandraprabha, whose eight-foot idol is worshipped in the shrine.
The B’nai Sholom Congregation in Quincy dates from 1852.
It is considered an outstanding example of Protestant sacred architecture, featuring one of the largest domes in Europe.
The Gilbertine priory of Saint Mary, Catley, was founded as a double house for nuns and monks between 1154 and 1158 by Peter of Billinghay.
It was granted to Troarn Abbey by Roger de Montgomery before 1086.
St Gregory's Priory at Canterbury was an English House of the Augustinian Canons Regular.
The synagogue was extended in 1912 by Umerdekar’s two sons, Gershon Solomon Umerdekar and Rahamim Solomon Umerdekar.
The titulus S. Mariae Auxiliatricis in via Tusculana was established by Pope Paul VI on June 7, 1967, by the apostolic constitution "Ad gubernacula christianae".
Congregation B'nai Amoona is an egalitarian Conservative synagogue, located at 324 South Mason Road in the American city of Creve Coeur, Missouri.
With his extensive restoration of the monastery in 1554, Alexandru Lăpușneanu is also considered to be a ctitor.
Horsley manor was retained by Bruton Priory, until the Dissolution of the Monasteries in 1539.
It is 71.5 m high inside, with a diameter of 33.5 metres, and is 100 m high from outside,the stairs count 400 steps
It is situated below the Principal's bungalow at Trinity College, Kandy.
The two bell towers contain a total of 25 bells.
The basilica was decreed on July 31, 1959.
The Hechal Yehuda Synagogue, also commonly known as the Recanati synagogue, is one of approximately 500 synagogues in Tel Aviv, Israel.
The Laohua Mosque is a mosque in Linxia City, Linxia Hui Autonomous Prefecture, Gansu Province, China.
A representative of the Sultan of Turkey visited this place in later part of 1914.
The synagogue first held services in the fall of 1942 for traditional Jews living on the north side of the railroad tracks.
Saint Karapet Church is an Armenian church now functioning as Georgian Othodox church in Old Tbilisi, Georgia.
Historic Congregation B’nai Abraham is a synagogue located in the Society Hill section of Center City Philadelphia.
It is believed that the church was founded on or before 4th century by a few Syrian Christian families who migrated from Paravur and Angamali.
Battisford Preceptory was a medieval monastic of the Knights of St John house in Suffolk, England.
Its rabbi is Dr Michael Hilton, who was previously rabbi at Menorah Synagogue in south Manchester, Cheshire Reform Congregation and North London Progressive Synagogue.
Church of the Holy Mother of God, is a church located in the town of Vagharshapat, Armenia.
It is a colonial building with a Neoclassical style.
The main altar, a lectern and a choir were installed by Tomasz Podhajski in 1775.
Hatuniye Medresseh, is a historical medrese in Karaman, Turkey, built in the 14th century.
The organ is known to have been used on 27 December 1769, by a young Mozart.
It was constructed in the 7th-century and was dedicated to Saint Stephen.
Belesvara Siva temple is on the Talabazar road, Old Town, Bhubaneswar.
Facilities are available for bathing, which is mandatory before puja is performed for the idols.
In the Ottoman period, the mosque was probably used by dervishes as a monastery.
The complex features temple halls, pavilions, drum towers and bell towers.
It was built by Malik Deenar, an Arab propagator of Islam.
The mosque was almost entirely destroyed by the armed opposition during the Battle of Aleppo in summer 2014.
The marble pulpit is a memorial to the Fogarty family.
The Temple is notable not only for its size, but for its unique modern architecture.
Vukovar Synagogue was the main synagogue of the Jewish community in Vukovar, Croatia, after the first smaller synagogue was sold to the Calvinist church in 1910.
The construction of the current one began in the 14th century on the orders of bishop Nanker.
The priory was dissolved in 1536 during the Dissolution of the Monasteries and only ruins remain.
The cathedral was attacked and looted and burnt in 1915 during the Armenian Genocide.
The church is affiliated with the Disciples of Christ.
It has a capacity of 5,000 worshippers inside the mosque, including 2,000 for worshippers outside the mosque.
The Church of the Madonna del Terremoto is a small Baroque style, Roman Catholic church in central Mantua, region of Lombardy, Italy.
The Palazzo San Giacomo is now the municipio or city hall of Naples.
The current congregation was formed in 1971 when the congregations of Robertson United Church and Wesley United Church merged.
It is located at 19 Pasir Ris Street 72.
The interior was completely modified in the 1820s by the order of the Scolopi, which had owned the church since 1711.
The Khan Mohammad Mirza Mosque on Lalbagh road is situated less than half a kilometre west of the Lalbagh Fort.
Synagogue in Nisko – orthodox synagogue at Polski Czerwony Krzyż street in Nisko, Poland.
The Central Mosque Wembley is situated in the inner London Borough of Brent.
Two existing houses were linked by a new wing in 1961-2 by David Roberts.
The preceptory buildings have undergone repair and restoration by Northumberland County Council, and the site is now a Scheduled Ancient Monument protected by law.
The cloak itself is locked away inside the mosque and is rarely seen.
The New Cathedral is, together with the Old Cathedral, one of the two cathedrals of Salamanca, Spain.
Church is prepared for 6000 people inside and a lot of standing places if necessary.
