The genus name means ‘reptile-puppy’, from the Ancient Greek herpeto- and skylax.
They have a wide range of nondescript and local names, among these "water snakes", "mapepires", "corals" or "racers".
Trilophosaurus is a lizard-like trilophosaurid allokotosaur known from the Late Triassic of North America.
Correlophus is a genus of lizards in the family Diplodactylidae endemic to New Caledonia.
The western chicken turtle is a small to medium-sized aquatic turtle.
Julia's ground snake is a species of colubrid snake found in the Caribbean, on the Lesser Antilles islands of Dominica and Guadeloupe.
it has only one species, Iphisa elegans.
Cnemaspis anaikattiensis is a species of gecko found in the Anaikatti Hills near the city of Coimbatore in Tamil Nadu, India.
It feeds on slugs and snails, which the snake can extract from their shells using its slender jaw.
The Jamaican boa or yellow snake is a nonvenomous boa species endemic to Jamaica.
Until 2015, it was thought to be the only member of its genus, but a second species, C. steinkampi was recognised in 2015.
It contains two named species with several unnamed taxa.
It is an endangered species of chameleon, found only on the Seychelles islands of Mahé, Silhouette and Praslin.
Leptotyphlops nasalis, or Taylor's blind snake, is a species of snake in the family Leptotyphlopidae.
Its natural habitats are mountain forests, shrubland, rivers and rocky areas.
Ictidosuchops is a genus of therocephalian therapsid.
This species is endemic to Madagascar, where it is known from low elevation sites in the north of the Ankeniheny-Zahamena Corridor.
In captivity, it feeds on worms, snails, insects, and fruit.
The type specimen is PIN 4174/4, a partial skull.
Currently, two species are placed in the recently established genus Nadzikambia.
Oligodon moricei, commonly known as the Morice's kukri snake, is a species of colubrid snake.
Ovophis monticola zhaokentangi, Gaoligong mountain pit viper
By 1985 the red-bellied turtle was known to exist in Pennsylvania only in isolated colonies in a few counties.
It is found in rocky, arid and desert habitats in North Africa, its range including parts of Algeria, Mali and Niger.
Entire populations of certain species, with unique traits and distinctive genetic profiles, have disappeared in the last 20 years.
Brauer's burrowing skink is a species of skink in the family Scincidae.
The genus was first named and described in a paper written in 1877 by Othniel Charles Marsh.
Atretium yunnanensis is a species of snake in the Colubridae family.
The species is endemic to hills of peninsular India.
The painted keelback is a species of colubrid snake found in Pakistan, Nepal, Bangladesh, and India.
The specific name, oolitica, refers to the oolitic limestone area of Florida in which the species is found.
The phalanx has a length of 55 centimetres.
Calumma amber, commonly known as the Amber Mountain chameleon, is a species of chameleon endemic to Antsiranana Province, Madagascar.
It is large with a broad head and spectacular geometric markings.
Another threat comes from introduced species, such as domestic dogs and pigs.
Corucia is a monotypic genus, containing a single species.
The genus Graptemys includes nine species of mostly aquatic turtles.
Plica is a genus of tropidurid lizards endemic to South America and the Caribbean.
The species may live in Afghanistan, India, and Pakistan.
Laudakia is a genus of lizards, commonly known as Asian rock agamas.
Goniurosaurus is a genus of geckos, containing 17 species.
The type species, Qinlingosaurus luonanensis, was named by Xue Xiangxu, Zhang Yunxiang and Bi Xianwu in 1996.
The Guadeloupe Blind Snake or Guadeloupe Worm Snake is a species of blind snake that is endemic to Guadeloupe, located in the Caribbean Lesser Antilles.
V. palawanensis belongs to the subgenus Soterosaurus with these other species.
The Baja California slider is turtle belonging to the Trachemys genus of the family Emydidae.
C. bicintores have elongated scales near the nails and their tail is more triangular in shape than round as with C. collaris.
It was 11 m  to 13 m  long.
It is based on teeth that were once confused with prosauropod remains, as with Teratosaurus.
It was first described in 1994 by Geoff Patterson and Charles Daugherty.
The black-breasted leaf turtle, also commonly called the Vietnamese leaf turtle or the black-breasted hill turtle, is a species of turtle in the family Geoemydidae.
Hemidactylus karenorum, commonly known as the Burmese leaf gecko or the Burmese leaf-toed gecko, is a species of gecko, which is endemic to Southeast Asia.
During flood season, they may venture into flooded forests or floodplain lakes.
The Chinese softshell turtle is a species of turtle that was first described by Arend Friedrich August Wiegmann in 1835 as Trionyx sinensis.
Other Blasensandstein fauna include the temnospondyl Metoposaurus and the phytosaur Francosuchus.
Anolis smaragdinus, also known as the Bahamian green anole, is a species of dactyloid lizard in the genus Anolis.
Named after William Thomas Blanford, member of the Geological Survey of India.
Rhinotyphlops ataeniatus is a species of snake in the Typhlopidae family.
It is unusual for having spiked osteoderms, probably from the tail, similar to the famed thagomizer of stegosaurs.
The many-scaled anole or Golfo-Dulce anole, is a lizard endemic to the Gulf of Dulce area of Costa Rica.
The Mali cobra, also called the Katian spitting cobra, is a species of spitting cobra found in West Africa.
It is found throughout the eastern United States and Mexico.
The Laredo Striped Whiptail is a species of lizard found in the southern United States, in Texas, and northern Mexico in Coahuila and Tamaulipas.
Only three living individuals are known, and it is listed as critically endangered in the IUCN Red List.
Common names: Central American tree boa, common tree boa, Trinidad tree boa.
Ramphotyphlops pilbarensis is a species of snake in the Typhlopidae family.
and Tarawai Is., and Karkar Is., and the archipelagoes of Milne Bay Province to the southeast, i.e.
This species is native to central and eastern parts of Canada and the United States.
Sibynophis sagittarius, commonly known as Cantor's black-headed snake, is a species of snake endemic to South Asia.
In 1928 Baron Franz Nopcsa recognised the fossil to be the vertebra of a theropod instead.
At the time of its species description, it was the 12th recorded Gekko species in China.
A. libanensis was named in 1997 on the basis of a single complete skeleton.
This is a small terrestrial species endemic to East Africa.
It is endemic to Namibia, Botswana, northern Zimbabwe, and western Zambia.
Its color is light bronze or cream, and it has a dark stripe originating at the snout and running dorsolaterally across its body.
The genus has been placed in its own family, Lumkuiidae.
The Turks and Caicos rock iguana is a species of lizard endemic to the Turks and Caicos islands.
They are related to the Quedenfeldtia of the Sahara.
It lived in the Late Cretaceous of Morocco.
Agkistrodon contortrix phaeogaster is a venomous pit viper subspecies found in the central region of the United States.
There are fourteen extant families of the order Testudines, an order of reptile commonly known as turtles, tortoises and terrapins.
It is found in Colombia and possibly Peru and Brazil.
It is found in Angola, Botswana, Burundi, Republic of the Congo, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Malawi, Mozambique, Rwanda, South Africa, Tanzania, Uganda, Zambia, and Zimbabwe.
The closest living relatives of the Polynesian iguanas are found in the Americas, posing a biogeographical puzzle.
The Eublepharinae are one of five subfamilies of the Gekkonidae, or geckos.
It is terrestrial and largely nocturnal, although abroad during day.
Ostrom also pointed out that Nopcsa had not provided a specific name.
Common names: Tuxtlan jumping pitviper, Olmecan pitviper
Its scientific name, rigida, derives from the fact that it is comparatively stiff.
This would challenge the idea of provincialism in Late Cretaceous Laramidian faunas.
Artzosuchus is an extinct genus of basal crocodylomorph.
The Cuban green anole is a species of anole endemic to Cuba, though introduced populations exist in Florida and on Hispaniola.
It is sometimes referred to as the reticulated gecko or reticulate banded gecko.
They have among the sharpest "teeth" and longest claws of any chameleon species.
The pubic process is long, the ischial process short.
The Gulf Coast spiny softshell turtle, a subspecies in the Trionychidae family of softshell turtles, is endemic to the southeastern United States.
It is found in Dhlinza, Entumeni and Ongoye Forests.
The International Union for Conservation of Nature have rated this species as Data Deficient.
It is 18 cm in shell length.
Uromastyx geyri is a species of lizard belonging to the family Agamidae.
The two teeth are conical and curve slightly inward, estimated to be around 2 inches in length if they had been fully preserved.
Heleosuchus may also share a thyroid fenestra with these higher diapsid reptiles as well, but the identity of this feature is disputed.
However, this appears to have been an error, and the material actually appears to come from Thecodontosaurus or a Thecodontosaurus-like animal from Bristol, England.
Xenopholis is a genus of rear-fanged snakes of the family Colubridae.
It is native to Baja California, Sinaloa and Sonora in Mexico.
Brookesia lineata, also commonly known as the lined leaf chameleon, is a species of chameleon that is endemic to Madagascar.
Tropidophorus berdmorei, commonly known as Berdmore's water skink, is a species of skink endemic to Asia.
Coeluroides is a small, little-known theropod dinosaur that lived during the Late Cretaceous Period in what is now India.
A similar adaptation is found in geckos of the genus Cosymbotus.
The white-throated monitor is a lizard found in southern Africa.
Based on such meagre material, the affinities of T. horneri have been hard to determine.
Pinacosuchus is an extinct genus of crocodylomorph.
Gambelia is a genus of lizards, commonly known as leopard lizards, within the subfamily Crotaphytinae.
The painted terrapin, painted batagur, or saw-jawed turtle is a species of turtles in the Geoemydidae family.
Conservation methods are being taken by the Dutch/Filipino Mabuwaya foundation, the Crocodile Conservation Society and the Zoological Institute of HerpaWorld in Mindoro island.
This is the smallest of the African pythons and is popular in the pet trade, largely due to its small size and typically docile temperament.
It is found in a wide variety of habitats, including slow-moving rivers, floodplain swamps, marshes, seasonal wetlands, and permanent ponds.
The genus was recognised to have two species, which are found in central and southern Africa.
The Limpopo burrowing skink is a lizard species found in the Limpopo River valley in South Africa.
However, recent authors have considered it a basal ornthischian of uncertain affiliations.
Corn snakes lack functional venom and help control populations of wild rodent pests that damage crops and spread disease.
The Moroccan three-toed skink is a species of skink in the Scincidae family.
Abronia fuscolabialis is an endangered arboreal alligator lizard described in 1944 by Tihen.
It was first named by Richard Owen as Leiodon, but that name was already in use for a fish, necessitating the name change.
Blandford’s flying lizard, also called Blanford's gliding lizard, Blandford's flying dragon, is an agamid "flying" lizard, found in Asia, capable of gliding from tree to tree.
The species is endemic to southern Africa, including Namibia, South Africa, western Botswana, and southern Angola.
It is a probable sauropod, with prosauropod-like teeth.
Its head is dark except for a white to yellow spot covering the upper half of its rostral scale.
The tail is notable for a lengthwise marking and for an undivided carapace over the tail.
It lived during Coniacian to Santonian stages of the Cretaceous period.
The crested chameleon, Trioceros cristatus, is a species of chameleon endemic to Africa.
When removed, they may stay motionless for a few minutes and then return to their normal state.
The type species, Zapalasaurus bonapartei, was found in Neuquén Province, Argentina.
Styracosaurus possessed four short legs and a bulky body.
Sinonatrix annularis is a species of snake in the family Colubridae.
One species, S. albertensis, is currently assigned to Styracosaurus.
The Hamersley Range rock monitor is a dwarf member of the Varanidae family.
Bothrops lojanus, or the Lojan lancehead, is a species of venomous pit viper in the Viperidae family.
Efimov and Storrs regarded it as a basal member of Choristodera, but Skutschas was unable to confirm this in a phylogenetic analysis.
Arvinachelys goldeni is an extinct baenid turtle from the Late Cretaceous of Utah.
The Blanford Bridle snake is so named because its slim body resembles the bridle used to control horses.
The Fujian pond turtle's scientific name was given in dedication to American herpetologist John B. Iverson.
It was first described in 2011 from Sint Maarten in the Lesser Antilles.
It is one of five species of lizards in Canada.
Orthomerus is a genus of duckbill dinosaur from the Late Cretaceous of The Netherlands and Belgium.
Common names include: boa and boa constrictor.
And an extinct species in the Balearic Islands:
Fossils have been collected from the Late Triassic Santa Maria Formation in Geopark of Paleorrota, Rio Grande do Sul, Brazil, which is Carnian in age.
Tanzania chameleons called T. rudis are in fact T. sternfeldi.
Appendicular elements lack smoothly finished articular surfaces."
It intergrades with other subspecies of Elaphe obsoleta, so exact range boundaries are impossible to distinguish.
Common names: flat-nosed pitviper, flat-nosed pit viper, ashy pit viper, more.
Echis carinatus sochureki is a venomous viper subspecies found in India, Pakistan, Afghanistan, Iran, and parts of the Arabian Peninsula.
It is noted for having large non-overlapping knobby scales of various diameters.
The vertebrae are medium to large, so the snake would measure about 1.77 metres long, similar in size to the current Boa constrictor.
Graptemys is a genus of aquatic, freshwater turtles, known commonly as map turtles or sometimes sawback turtles, which are endemic to North America.
The leaf-scaled sea snake prefers waters up to 10 metres in depth.
The species is endemic to the Caribbean.
Hesperogavialis is an extinct genus of gryposuchine gavialid.
The generic name refers to the town Jinzhou.
They are commonly called copperheads or Australian copperheads.
Seeleyosaurus is an extinct genus of plesiosaur.
Archaeodontosaurus is a genus of sauropod dinosaur from the Middle Jurassic.
This taxon as formerly defined was "polyphyletic, representing at least four independent clades".
Atractus albuquerquei, commonly known as the Albuquerque ground snake, is a species of small burrowing colubrid snake.
It is based on one small, fragmentary tooth.
The conservation status of this iguana is classified as Data Deficient.
Unlike most sea snakes, all species of Emydocephalus lack both teeth and venom because their diet consists almost entirely of fish eggs.
The Saint Vincent blacksnake, also commonly known as Vincent's sipo, is a species of snake in the family Colubridae.
The Italian wall lizard, ruin lizard, or İstanbul lizard is a species of lizard in the family Lacertidae.
This species is endemic to the island of Cuba.
Xenodon severus is a species of snake in the Colubridae family.
Still, some of these species are increasingly separated as Dolichophis and others probably also do not really belong here.
Typhlops costaricensis is a species of snake in the Typhlopidae family.
Echinosaura is a genus of lizards called the spined tegus.
C. rhombifer is found in both Costa Rica and Panama.
Thus animals living mainly on dark lava are darker than ones which live in lighter, sandy environments.
The clade was named a sub group of the group Dicynodontia by Robert L. Carroll in 1988.
It is a member of the Chelidae; Pleurodira.
It is one of the three crocodilians found in India, the others being the gharial and the saltwater crocodile.
They are olive with pale spots, blueish throat, yellow belly and orange tail.
The Phyllodactylidae were described based on a molecular phylogenetic analysis in 2008 and all members possess a unique single codon deletion in the phosducin gene.
The tropical house gecko, Afro-American house gecko or cosmopolitan house gecko is a species of house gecko native to sub-Saharan Africa.
This behaviour may help the dragons to regulate their temperature.
The western dwarf gecko is a small species of gecko endemic to Madagascar.
Dashanpusaurus was a herbivore and was quadrupedal, like most others in the Sauropoda infraorder.
Ahaetulla dispar, the Gunther's vine snake, is a species of slender tree snake found in southern India in the Western Ghats.
Steve Irwin's father, Bob Irwin, first caught the animal on a fishing line during a family camp trip in 1997.
Typhlops schmidti is a species of snake in the family Typhlopidae.
If they do not try to escape, often they will "play dead" by flipping over onto their backs and lying motionless.
It is found in Colombia and Ecuador.
Chilorhinophis carpenteri, or the Liwale two-headed snake, is a species of venomous snake in the Atractaspididae family.
The common name of this species, which is endemic to Australia, is spiny-tailed gecko.
The northwestern garter snake is a species of colubrid snake endemic to North America.
Common names: Asian moccasins, Asian ground pit viper.
The female lays two eggs which are buried in a soft, damp substrate.
On 23 May 2014, the International Institute for Species Exploration declared the gecko as one of the "Top 10 New Species of 2014".
Leptotyphlops anthracinus, or Bailey's blind snake, is a species of snake in the family Leptotyphlopidae.
The Anolis lizards of the Greater Antilles have been extensively studied since they represent an interesting case of adaptive radiation.
It is sometimes described as an endemic subspecies of Typhlops dominicanus, with a sister subspecies, T. d. dominicanus, present on Dominica.
Occasionally, females initiate courtship by offering their hindquarters to the male and then running until he is able to catch up.
Procerosuchus is an extinct genus of rauisuchid rauisuchian.
It grows from 3.5 to 7.5 cm and feeds on insects.
Darevskia alpina is a species of lizard in the family Lacertidae.
The Gulf snapping turtle is a herbivore and primarily consumes pandanus and figs.
The specific name, berus, is New Latin and was at one time used to refer to a snake, possibly the grass snake, Natrix natrix.
It was found only in Mauritius, but became extinct around 1600 probably due to introduced predators.
The origin of the name "mountain boomer" is not clear, but it may be traceable to settlers traveling west during the Gold Rush.
They exhibit a high level of activity during their wakeful period of the year.
Boiga ochracea, commonly called the tawny cat snake, is a species of rear-fanged snake in the family Colubridae.
Caledoniscincus is a genus of lizards in the family Scincidae.
The genus was first described by the German paleontologist Friedrich von Huene in 1942.
Females can be up to twice the size of males.
It is considered rare, with few known localities, but its range has not yet been systematically studied.
Three U.S. states name subspecies of the common box turtle as their official reptile.
Typhlops reuteri is a species of snake in the family Typhlopidae.
Pristiguana brasiliensis is an extinct species of primitive iguanid from the Upper Cretaceous.
It is a quite distantly related of the other members of Hoplocercinae, as it is believed to have diverged from these about 35 million years ago.
Tropidophis greenwayi lanthanus, Ambergris Cay dwarf boa
Chalcides lanzai, or Lanza's skink, is a species of skink endemic to Morocco, which is sometimes considered a subspecies of Chalcides montanus.
Some authors however, consider populations on Santiago, Santa Cruz, and Santa Fe to be distinct species.
Macropisthodon flaviceps is a species of snake in the Colubridae family.
Atheris hispida is a venomous viper species endemic to Central Africa.
Its generic name is Greek for "inflated jaw".
The Crotalinae, commonly known as pit vipers, crotaline snakes, or pit adders, are a subfamily of venomous vipers found in Eurasia and the Americas.
Demansia psammophis, commonly known as the yellow-faced whip snake, is a species of venomous snake in the family Elapidae, a family containing many dangerous snakes.
This decline is attributed to clearance of forest for crops, charcoal production, timber extraction, small-scale quarrying and cattle grazing.
However, more recently, another analysis has proposed that all megaraptorans are actually tyrannosauroids, which would reclassify Fukuiraptor as a tyrannosauroid coelurosaur.
Tropidophis pilsbryi, commonly known as Pilsbry's dwarf boa or the Cuban white-necked dwarf boa, is a species of snake in the family Tropidophiidae.
G. p. kohni is endemic to the central United States.
All populations are still suffering reductions in numbers despite the many conservation efforts being practiced.
Cnemaspis punctata is a species of diurnal gecko endemic to island of Sri Lanka.
Dixonius is a genus of Asian geckos, commonly known as leaf-toed geckos.
Araeoscelis is an extinct genus of reptile, and one of the earliest diapsids.
The Aru cylinder snake, Cylindrophis aruensis, is a species of snake in the Cylindrophiidae family endemic to Indonesia.
Its member species were formerly in the obsolete genus Kachuga.
Plesiochelys is a genus of late Jurassic European and Asian turtle.
Arboreal, its coloration is pale green with a red tail.
Kuwajimalla kagaensis is an extinct species of plant-eating lizard from the Early Cretaceous period in Japan.
Uronautes is known from several fossilized vertebra, portions of a few limbs, and ribs.
Liaochelys is an extinct genus of macrobaenid turtle which existed in western Liaoning, China during the early Cretaceous epoch.
The species is endemic to the Bahamas.
Eutropis allapallensis is a species of skink found in India.
Nephrurus deleani, a gecko, is a species of lizard in the family Carphodactylidae.
Daboia russelli is commonly known as Russell's viper and chain viper, among other names.
It is a member of the eyelid geckos.
It occurs primarily in dry, scrubby areas and forests, especially pine forests.
The Pemba Island day gecko feeds on insects and nectar.
Although fragmentary, Dyslocosaurus was recovered as a member of Dicraeosauridae, potentially making it the second record of a dicraeosaurid from North America.
The species was first described in 1834, by Arend Friedrich August Wiegmann and was later rediscribed in 2013 by Chilean biologists.
The common name for these lizards with a blue tail is the common five-lined skink.
“crossroads”, near Beijing, where the Sino-Japanese War started.
The genus has seven recognized species, which are all found in Australia.
Teleosaurus had highly elongate jaws, similar to those of a modern gharial.
Python timoriensis is a python species found in South East Asia.
Bennett however, concluded that it has no diagnostic features of the Pterosauria, and cannot be positively identified beyond being an indeterminate diapsid.
The yellow monitor or golden monitor, Varanus flavescens, is a species of monitor lizard found in Asia.
It is a subspecies of the milksnake, Lampropeltis triangulum.
The species occurs in proximity to Chelodina oblonga, to which it is closely related.
The skull, of which the left side is severely damaged, is very elongated and flat.
It can grow to a maximum length of 57 inches.
It is extremely rare, and had been thought potentially extinct until four live specimens and one road kill were found in late 2016 or early 2017.
The fossil was covered in small round osteoderms that could have protected it from predators.
"The problem with recognizing Norops as a genus is that it necessarily renders Anolis paraphyletic.
An allied species, Psammophilus blanfordanus, is found in the Eastern Ghats, but north of the range of this species.
Common names: Wagler's pit viper, temple viper, temple pit viper, more.
Ophiomorus tridactylus, commonly known as the three-toed snake skink, is a species of skink endemic to sandy desert areas of South Asia.
It is the type species for the genus Trimeresurus.
Smith's Snake Skink, Nessia bipes, also known as Two-legged nessia, is a species of skink endemic to island of Sri Lanka.
Lende is an extinct genus of a burnetiamorph biarmosuchians from Malawi.
In 1952, Soviet palaeontologist Evgenii Aleksandrovich Maleev named some ankylosaurian bone fragments as a new species of Syrmosaurus: Syrmosaurus disparoserratus.
Plestiodon gilberti, Gilbert's skink, is a species of heavy-bodied medium-sized lizard of the family of skinks.
Sistrurus ravus ravus, Central Plateau pygmy rattlesnake
Jacques van Heerden reassigned it to Euskelosaurus in 1976, and this has been how it was usually considered.
Other species of Amphisbaenids in the Caribbean include Amphisbaena bakeri, Amphisbaena fenestrata, Amphisbaena schmidti, Amphisbaena xera, and Cadea blanoides.
Agkistrodon piscivorus conanti, the Florida cottonmouth or green-tailed moccasin, is a venomous pitviper subspecies found in the southeastern United States, and Florida in particular.
Phytosaurs were common in the Triassic, but none are otherwise known from the Jurassic.
Nearby, there is a small mountain called the Cerrito, after which the genus is named.
Aphaniotis is a genus of agamid lizards from Southeast Asia.
The specific name is given in honour of Carlos Bernardo Padilla, a renowned supporter of the palaeontology of the region.
A terrestrial species, it is known for its attractive iridescent sheen caused by structural coloration.
Micrurus latifasciatus is a species of elapid snake, native to southern Mexico and Guatemala.
In Australia, this common name refers to Lampropholis delicata.
The Barbados leaf-toed gecko is a gecko species endemic to the Caribbean island-nation of Barbados.
This does yet appear to be the case in this "species" as recently a population of these turtles has been found in Japan.
Adolfus alleni is a species of lizard in the family Lacertidae.
Consequently, it was split into two genera Myuchelys and Elseya by Thomson & Georges, 2009.
The Dwarf Tegu or Spotted False Monitor is a species of lizard in the Teiidae family.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry shrubland, Mediterranean-type shrubby vegetation, freshwater spring, rocky areas, hot deserts, rural gardens, and urban areas.
Where Metriorhynchus mated, whether on land or at sea, is currently unknown.
In some parts of the country, it is also called Heeraluwa or sikanala, which is more common name for all skink-like reptiles.
However, they do come together in limited locations such as plunge pools at the base of the escarpments.
It is the only species in the genus Yuanotherium.
Takydromus is a genus of lizards, commonly called grass lizards or oriental racers.
Sphaerodactylus glaucus is a species of gecko known by the common name collared dwarf gecko.
The Balkan whip snake is a species of snake in the family Colubridae.
Grand Comoro day gecko is a small diurnal subspecies of geckos.
Macrodiremys is a monotypic genus recently split off from the rest of the Chelodina.
Pareidae is a small family of snakes found in southeast Asia.
Callopistes is a lizard genus in the family Teiidae.
Boiga barnesii is a species of cat snake found in Sri Lanka known as the Barnes' cat snake in English and panduru mapila-පදුරු මාපිලා in Sinhala.
And unlike the better-known pelycosaurs such as Dimetrodon and Edaphosaurus, caseids do not have the exaggerated elongation of the vertebrae that form a sail.
Drusilasaura is an extinct genus of possible lognkosaurian titanosaur sauropod dinosaur which lived during the late Cretaceous of Santa Cruz Province of southern Patagonia, Argentina.
Marsh had misidentified the neural spine as the tooth of a pig-like animal.
On average, it measures 18 mm from its snout to its vent, and is nearly as small as a U.S. dime.
Morethia boulengeri is a species of scincid lizard endemic to Australia.
Aussiedraco is a genus of basal ornithocheiroid pterodactyloid pterosaur from the early Cretaceous of Australia.
That the curvature is no preservation artefact, a post mortem distortion, is indicated by the fact that both known snouts show it.
The second subspecies is Tiliqua gigas keyensis, typically called the Kei island blue-tongued skink.
Prochelidella is an extinct genus of chelid turtle from Argentina.
The genus was first named in 1936, and was initially thought to be an alligatorid.
Seychelles giant day gecko is diurnal subspecies of geckos.
A member of this genus, P. reticulatus, is among the longest snake species and extant reptiles in the world.
Amphiesma monticola is a harmless colubrid snake species found in the Western Ghats of India.
Mandarin rat snakes are one of the most popular rat snakes found in the pet trade.
The specific name grandis means "large" in Latin.
The Shireegiin Gashuun locality is thought to be older than the Djadokhta localities that produced Protoceratops, and is probably early Late Cretaceous in age.
Crotalus ruber lorenzoensis, San Lorenzo Island diamond rattlesnake
Its fossils were found in Shishugou Formation rocks in the northeastern Junggar Basin in China.
Flanks, throat and the sides of the head are black with white, yellow, blue or light green spots.
Polemon leopoldi is a species of venomous rear-fanged snake in the family Atractaspididae.
It has been considered the largest extant freshwater turtle.
Morelia spilota cheynei, or the jungle carpet python, is a python subspecies found in the rainforests of Queensland, Australia.
Common names: blackneck garter snake, black-neck garter snake
Anolis eewi is a species of the lizard in the family Dactyloidae.
It is oviparous and can lay up to 15 eggs in summer.
The Martinique curly-tailed lizard is an extinct species of lizard from the family of curly-tailed lizards.
Liotyphlops argaleus is a species of snakes in the family Anomalepididae.
Afrotyphlops anomalus, commonly known as the Angolan giant blind snake or the anomalous beaked snake, is a species of snake in the Typhlopidae family.
It was named for its supposed resemblance to Angistorhinus by Friedrich von Huene in 1922.
The type species is V. bogolubovi, the specific name honouring Russian paleontologist Nikolai Nikolaevich Bogolubov.
It is commonly observed on walls in urban environments, mainly in warm coastal areas.
Bitis parviocula is a venomous viper species found only in Ethiopia.
The genus name is related to Dracaena cinnabari — the most famous tree of Socotra.
This chameleon is often found in open habitats, inhabiting low bushes and shrubs in the transitional zones between grasslands, reedbeds and montane heath.
The name Echis is the Latin transliteration of the Greek word for "viper".
It was named after German naturalist Prince Maximilian of Wied-Neuwied, who made important collections in Brazil.
Common names: Lataste's viper, snub-nosed viper, snub-nosed adder.
Historically, it is very obscure and usually referred to Cetiosaurus, but recent analyses suggest that it is a distinct genus, and possibly related to Turiasaurus.
Gloydius strauchi is a venomous pitviper species endemic to western China.
Recently, illegal importation from Tanzania of brightly colored, Lygodactylus williamsi, known as electric blue geckos, has been gaining attention for Lygodactylus geckos in the reptile trade.
Pachycheilosuchus is an extinct genus of mesoeucrocodylian from the Early Cretaceous of Texas, United States.
Scincella melanosticta, also known as black ground skink or black-spotted smooth skink, is a species of skink in the genus of Scincella.
This species is entirely aquatic, rarely coming ashore and is chiefly herbivorous, feeding on the fruits and buds of riparian vegetation, algae, and large aquatic plants.
Porthidium lansbergii arcosae, Manabí hog-nosed pit viper
They are typically stout-bodied water snakes, and all are mildly venomous.
Cryptagama is a monotypic genus within the lizardfamily Agamidae.
It is native to Cuba and Isla de la Juventud, but has also been introduced to Grand Cayman and Cayman Brac in the Cayman Islands.
The ocellated flat lizard or Chimanimani flat lizard is a species of lizard in the family Cordylidae.
Currently, two living genera, containing 34 species, are recognized.
Plestiodon egregius, the mole skink, is a species of small lizard endemic to the Southeastern United States.
The main differences between this subspecies and the nominate race are in scalation and venom composition.
Its holotype, MPEF 650, was at Jacobacci, Río Negro Province, uncovered in a layer of the late Campanian La Colonia Formation.
Urbacodon resembles Byronosaurus and Mei but differs from most other Troodontidae in that its teeth lack serrations.
The IUCN does not consider it to be a threatened species.
Jiangxichelys is an extinct genus of nanhsiungchelyid turtle which existed in Ganzhou, Jiangxi Province, China during the latest Cretaceous epoch.
They were separated from Elaphe in 2002 by Utiger et al.
Crossochelys is an extinct genus of South American turtle from the family Meiolaniidae.
Typhlops gierrai is a species of snake in the family Typhlopidae.
At the time, this location was covered by part of the Western Interior Seaway.
Species in the genus Tachymenis are commonly known as slender snakes or short-tailed snakes and are primarily found in southern South America.
The type species Protohadros byrdi was described and named by Head in 1998.
Lachesis melanocephala is a venomous pitviper species found in Costa Rica.
The type is the only known specimen.
In the middle of the back sometimes a fine dark line can be visible.
The colour and patterning may be quite variable.
A second vertebra referred to the species, USNM 6136, was later discovered by Edward Wilber Berry and referred to H. crassicauda in 1942.
The only known specimen is from the Late Cretaceous of the Middle East, though its exact provenance is uncertain.
The lizard's range extends across west-central Arizona.
Homonota is a genus of South American geckos, commonly known as marked geckos.
Parahydraspis is an extinct genus of turtle.
This has been taken as evidence for the gradual replacement of therapsid fauna with the later mainly archosaur-dominated faunas of the Late Triassic.
Despite its size, it is closely related to Lufengia, and is the largest tritylodont from the Lufeng Formation in China.
It is known from the middle Eocene of eastern Kazakhstan.
Gongylophis conicus, also known as Russell's boa or rough-scaled sand boa, is a non-venomous boa species found in India, Nepal, Bangladesh, Pakistan and Sri Lanka.
Other species have multiple or irregular rings.
Bakonydraco is a genus of pterodactyloid pterosaur of the Santonian-age Upper Cretaceous Csehbánya Formation of the Bakony Mountains, Iharkút, Veszprém, western Hungary.
It is morphologically different from that species, however, and is currently placed in the genus Trachylepis as a species of uncertain identity.
It was named desperata to provoke thought regarding the desperately threatened habitat of Madagascar's micro-endemic species.
Pseudorabdion is a genus of snakes of the family Colubridae.
However, their habitat varies as they are found in a few distinct locations throughout Australia.
The Escambia map turtle is a species of turtle in the Emydidae family endemic to the United States.
The type species, D. indicus, was named by Yadagiri in 1982.
The Mokohinau skink is a species of skink in the family Scincidae.
The skin is usually colored a soft purplish/pinkish gray with golden spots on younger specimens; these spots eventually fade with age.
They are chocolate-brown to black, with either a broken or unbroken stripe running the length of their body.
The Pyrenean rock lizard is a species of lizard in the family Lacertidae.
It is the most popular pet turtle in the United States and is also popular as a pet in the rest of the world.
Acrantophis is a genus of terrestrial boid snakes endemic to the island of Madagascar.
The specific name, reticulatus, is Latin meaning "net-like", or reticulated, and is a reference to the complex colour pattern.
In 2004 David B. Norman concluded it was a nomen dubium.
Amphisbaena nigricauda is a species of worm lizard, which is endemic to Brazil.
Claorhynchus is a dubious genus of ornithischian dinosaur with a confusing history behind it.
Ptyctolaemus is a genus of agamid lizards from southern Asia.
It can be found in Nosy Bé, north-west Madagascar, Nosy Komba, and Nosy Sakatia.
It was previously thought to be widespread throughout the Neotropics, but a taxonomic revision in 2005 established it as endemic to the Lesser Antilles.
The bronze anole is a species of anole lizard found in the Caribbean Lesser Antilles and South America.
The Brazilian radiolated swamp turtle is a species of turtle in the Chelidae family endemic to Brazil.
Shaw's dark ground snake or Shaw's black-backed snake is a species of colubrid snake endemic to northern South America.
The species is named in honour of Irish naturalist Dr. Robert Templeton who obtained the first known Ceylon specimen.
The species name was formerly applied to a paraphyletic collection of taxa, and mitochondrial DNA analysis of various populations indicates they represent separate species.
Tropidophis melanurus is a non-venomous dwarf boa species found mainly in Cuba.
The genus name refers to Zhejiang Province and a Latinised Greek pteron, "wing".
The Vietnamese Tiger gecko, Goniurosaurus araneus, is a species of lizard in the family Gekkonidae.
Chthomaloporus is an extinct genus of Anteosaurian synapsid.
It is found in Algeria, Morocco, Tunisia, its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical, dry shrubland, rocky areas, arable land, and pastureland.
While not capable of powered flight they often obtain lift in the course of their gliding flights.
It has the ability to change its skin colour to match its surroundings and possesses dermal flaps which break up its outline when at rest.
Coluber constrictor is a species of nonvenomous, colubrid snake, endemic to North America and Central America.
Gloydius ussuriensis is a venomous pitviper species endemic to far east Russia, northeastern China and the Korean Peninsula.
Atractaspis corpulenta, or the fat burrowing asp, is a species of snake in the Atractaspididae family.
These are commonly known as the ring-tailed dragon or the Australian chameleon dragon.
It was first described in 1992 and named after one of the collectors.
Micropechis ikaheka, commonly known as the New Guinea small-eyed snake or Ikaheka snake, is a highly venomous elapid, the only species in the genus Micropechis.
There are currently no recognized subspecies of Tropidoclonion lineatus.
It is endemic to the Ankarana Nature Reserve in Madagascar.
This is a list of all genera, species and subspecies of the subfamily Crotalinae, otherwise referred to as crotalines, pit vipers or pitvipers.
Anomalepis colombia is a species of snake in the Anomalepididae family.
Aparallactus lineatus, or the lined centipede-eater, is a species of venomous rear-fanged snake in the family Atractaspididae.
It is a nocturnal species occurring in the northern half of Australia and generally found on the ground although it often climbs trees.
Rhinoleptus is a monotypic genus created for the blind snake species, R. koniagui, found in West Africa.
Podarcis hispanica is a small wall lizard species of the genus Podarcis.
It is found in leaf litter on the floor of high-canopy rainforest.
The flat-tail horned lizard is a species of reptile of the Sonoran desert of the southwestern United States and northwestern Mexico.
This massive four-legged plant-eating animal had a small head, a long, graceful neck and a whiplike tail.
Its familial affinities were long considered uncertain, with one author favoring Dermatemydidae, but recent study has placed it in its own family, Compsemydidae, within Paracryptodira.
Doratorhynchus is a generic replacement name for Pterodactylus validus, in 1875 suggested by Harry Govier Seeley.
Gloydius shedaoensis is a venomous pitviper species found only on Shedao Island in China.
Like many titanosaurians, Adamantisaurus is incompletely known, making its exact relationships difficult to establish.
The genus is endemic to the northern part of South America and Panama.
Fossils have been found that date back to the Cenomanian stage of the Late Cretaceous.
The queen snake is a species of nonvenomous semiaquatic snake, a member of the family Colubridae.
Eirenis levantinus is a species of snake in the Colubridae family.
They referred all L. mistracostatus specimens to a new genus they erected, Lusitanisuchus, creating the new name Lusitanisuchus mistracostatus.
It is closely related to Euprepiophis conspicillatus, the Japanese forest rat snake.
Boa is a genus of non-venomous boas found in Mexico, Central and South America.
Ramphotyphlops australis, or the Southern blindsnake, is a species of snake in the Typhlopidae family.
Both species are burrowing snakes found in Asia.
Cnemaspis scalpensis, commonly called Ferguson's day gecko or the rocky day gecko, is a species of diurnal gecko.
Its dorsal surface ranges from green to gray-green, brown, or gray brown, with some populations also having areas of blue-green color.
It is a quite docile, mild-tempered and a hardy snake; in recent years it has become a welcome addition to snake hobbyists in the Philippines.
Ptychoglossus is a genus of New World lizards.
It is one of the largest kraits, with a maximum length up to 2.1 m.
The species is endangered and in the 20th century has disappeared from much of its former range.
The Suwannee cooter is a species of turtle in the genus Pseudemys.
Their bone is highly cancellous and may have been impregated with fat cells during life, adding buoyancy.
The ornate box turtle is one of only two terrestrial species of turtles native to the Great Plains of the United States.
It is easy to tell the species apart from most other skinks by bright red coloring on their sides from which they get their name.
Theriognathus displayed many different reptilian and mammalian characteristics.
These snakes are often known as purple-glossed snakes or glossy snakes.
The Jamaica giant galliwasp is a species of lizard in the Anguidae family.
Over 200 species are described in the several genera in this family.
They are an important predator in tropical ecosystems yet little is known about their ecology.
Platysaurus broadleyi is also called Broadley's flat lizard.
A number of tortoise species have been recently removed from the genus.
Described as a robust sauropod, its closest known relatives may be Ligabuesaurus and Phuwiangosaurus.
The females of the species give birth to live young.
It is known from specimens collected by early European explorers.
Other postcranial bones of K. orlovi have been found at this site as well.
Gerrhosaurus is a genus of lizards native to southern and eastern Africa.
Karongasaurus is the name given to a genus of dinosaur from the Early Cretaceous.
H.boonstrai is currently known from only two specimens in the Iziko South African Museum, Cape Town.
The twin-barred tree snake is a species of snake found in Southeast Asia.
Interestingly, the death adder itself only resembles a viper, but is actually an elapid.
Doliosauriscus is an extinct genus of dinocephalian therapsid that lived in Russia during the mid-Permian Period.
Pellegrinisaurus is the name given to a genus of dinosaur from the Late Cretaceous.
It is Australia's most complete Triassic reptile fossil; the entire skeleton has been preserved.
The Round Island burrowing boa is an extinct species of snake in the family Bolyeriidae, in the monotypic genus Bolyeria, which was endemic to Mauritius.
The Swartberg dwarf chameleon, is a chameleon in the genus Bradypodion native to southern Africa.
Currently, nine subspecies are recognized, including the nominate subspecies described here.
The specific name, ammodytes, is derived from the Greek words ammos, meaning "sand", and dutes, meaning "burrower" or "diver", despite its preference for rocky habitats.
Males have black-bordered blotches that transition into a dark mid-dorsal stripe towards the posterior.
The Merrem's Madagascar swift, Oplurus cyclurus is an arboreal Malagasy iguana belonging to the Oplurus genus.
Santanaraptor is thought by some paleontologists to be the first tyrannosauroid known from Gondwana.
Uromastyx alfredschmidti, commonly known as the ebony mastigure, Schmidt's mastigure, or Schmidt's spiny-tailed lizard, is a species of lizard in the family Agamidae.
Trachylepis is a skink genus in the subfamily Lygosominae found mainly in Africa.
They can be fed on a variety of domestically bred insects, and need a bowl of water to bathe in.
Agrosaurus would thus be the oldest dinosaur from that country.
Its common name is coffee blind snake.
Wonambi is a genus that consisted of two species of very large prehistoric snakes.
Walgettosuchus is a now thought invalid genus of theropod dinosaur.
Most species, the larger ones in particular, also have a prehensile tail.
The Grenada tree anole, or Richard's anole is a species of anole lizard in the family Dactyloidae.
Brachyrhinodon is an extinct genus of sphenodontian from the Triassic of Scotland .
The rice paddy snake is a species of mildly venomous, rear-fanged, colubrid snake endemic to South Asia.
Hemidactylus scabriceps is a species of nocturnal, terrestrial, insectivorous gecko found in South India and northern Sri Lanka.
It existed during the Triassic Period in what is now Switzerland.
It was named after the town of Ebrach, Germany, near an outcrop of the Blasensandstein Formation where the original fossils have been found.
Cyrtodactylus deccanensis is a species of gecko found in the northern Western Ghats of India.
Kaganaias is an extinct genus of mosasauroid lizard that lived in what is now Japan during the Early Cretaceous.
Lacertus, more commonly known as eared skinks, is a genus of skinks found in Somalia.
Pygopodid lizards are also referred to as "legless lizards", "flap-footed lizards" and "snake-lizards".
It is often confused with Oxyrhopus formosus, a Brazilian species.
The speckled skink is classified under the New Zealand Threat Classification System as being in 'gradual decline'.
A second species, Ogmodirus ischiadicus, has since been referred to Styxosaurus.
Scincella lateralis is a small species of skink found throughout much of the eastern half of the United States, and into northern Mexico.
Pseudohaje goldii, commonly known as Goldie's tree cobra or Gold's tree cobra, is a species of venomous tree cobra endemic to Central and Western Africa.
It may be that Rhinorex lived in more coastal environments than Gryposaurus.
They feed on fruits, weeds, fish, and small invertebrates.
Trimeresurus popeorum barati is a venomous pitviper subspecies endemic to Indonesia.
Therefore, they suggested that it was not the same as T. atlantica and that its original locality may have been correct.
It was first named by Cope in 1896, and contains two species, S. aegyptiacus, and S. crispatus.
Timon is a genus of wall lizards of the family Lacertidae.
It has a very diverse morphology between these populations, with a ground color that ranges from pale tan or yellow to deep green or brown.
It is endemic to the desert region of Balochistan near the borders of Iran, Pakistan, and Afghanistan.
The Pearl River map turtle is a species of emydid turtle native to the southern United States.
It is among the largest living species of day geckos.
The Arabian cobra ranges from western and southern Saudi Arabia, Yemen, and Oman.
It feeds on lizards and small rodents.
It is the smallest known snake species.
The species is endemic to northern East Africa.
Its common name is Amazon lava lizard.
In water, they are likely to flee and hide themselves underwater in sediment.
Deltavjatia was named a subtaxon of Pareiasauridae by M.S.Y.
Acanthosaura is a genus of lizards commonly known as mountain horned dragons, or pricklenape agamas.
The genus is occasionally misspelled as "Stegosauroides".
Type locality: Mazar-i-Sharif, northern Afghanistan, 36° 34' N, 67° 05' E, 457 m elevation.
The red-necked pond turtle is a species of turtles in the Geoemydidae family endemic to China.
Species of Stenophis typically have large heads relative to their body size, and their bodies are elongated and often thin.
This species lives in montane pine-oak forest.
It is found in the basin of the Tigris and Euphrates Rivers in Iraq, Syrian Arab Republic, Turkey, and Khūzestān Province of Iran.
Rattlesnakes are predators that live in a wide array of habitats, hunting small animals such as birds and rodents.
So to drink water, they touch water, usually with their limbs, and via the capillary principle, water is transmitted to the mouth through their skin.
Microscalabotes is a monotypic genus of Madagascar gecko, better known as the tiny scaled gecko.
The erabu snake is a winter staple in southern Japan, where it is believed to replenish a female's womanhood.
These are for the most part arboreal geckos.
Wimanius is a mixosaurid ichthyosaur, and the only genus in the family Wimaniidae.
Males can be identified after sexual maturity by a large cluster of spiny scales either size of the animal's vent.
Heterodactylus is a genus of gymnophthalmid lizards endemic to Brazil.
Duerosuchus is known from a single skull that is incomplete but otherwise well preserved, as well as a lower jaw, some osteoderms, and possibly some vertebrae.
The Shaw's Sea Snake is a species of sea snake.
The African fat-tailed gecko is from the subfamily Eublepharinae.
They have a reputation for delicacy and especially for shedding strips of skin if handled.
It is the only surviving member of the genus Rheodytes, the other member being the extinct form Rheodytes devisi.
The type specimen is the skeleton of an individual about 4.2 metres long.
They are not regarded as especially dangerous; the snake is not aggressive and usually bites only when alarmed or disturbed.
It is a light brown colour, but over this is a complex, prominent pattern of black, white and brown stripes.
This is an overview of the suborder Serpentes, its two infraorders and the families they contain.
Side-neck turtles are classified as members of the suborder Pleurodira.
Pelusios is a genus of African side-necked turtles.
The smallest member of its genus, it is distinguished by having a strongly upturned nose and lower scale counts.
Zygaspis is a genus of lizards in the family Amphisbaenidae.
Species of the genus Lepidophyma are distributed throughout Central America, found anywhere from central Mexico to Panama, depending on the particular species.
They are also observed to usually avoid areas with saltwater crocodiles.
The Indian fringe-fingered lizard is a species of lacertid lizard endemic to India and Southeast Asia.
Nucras tessellata, or the Western or Striped Sandveld Lizard, is native to the west coast of Southern Africa.
Its range includes the American state of Texas and the Mexican states of Coahuila, Nuevo León, and Tamaulipas.
Tropidophis nigriventris hardyi, Hardy's black-bellied dwarf boa
Lampropeltis pyromelana knoblochi, or the Sonoran mountain kingsnake or Chihuahuan mountain kingsnake, is a species of colubrid snake residing in western North America.
The lizard is also known to found in Tamil Nadu of India, but not given valid identification.
It has been introduced by humans on the Portuguese island of Madeira.
Mesoleptos was a genus of mosasauroid from the Late Cretaceous period.
The validity of this species remains in doubt, as the fossils may in fact be referable to Bagaceratops.
Savigny's fringe-fingered lizard is a species of lacertid lizard endemic to western North Africa.
Amphisbaena vanzolinii, also known as Vanzolini's worm lizard, is a worm lizard species in the family Amphisbaenidae.
The European cat snake, also known as the Soosan snake, is a venomous colubrid snake endemic to the Mediterranean and Caucasus regions.
When the gecko leaps into the air, the flaps are used to generate lift and allow the gecko to control its fall.
Its coloration and markings vary between each island population.
Bronchocela cristatella, also known as the green crested lizard, is a species of agamid lizard endemic to Southeast Asia.
Trimeresurus cantori is a venomous pit viper species endemic to the Nicobar Islands of India.
The skull tree iguana, Liolaemus occipitalis, is a species of lizard in the Liolaemidae family.
Tropidophis fuscus is a non-venomous dwarf boa species found in Cuba.
It was once thought to be endemic to Ethiopia, but has been found in Eritrea recently.
Boavus is an extinct genus of boa known primarily from Eocene-aged strata of North America.
Naja nigricincta is a species of spitting cobra in the genus Naja belonging to the family Elapidae.
Gobititan is a genus of herbivorous sauropod dinosaur from the Barremian faunal stage of the Early Cretaceous, approximately 129-125 million years ago.
Angolatitan is a genus of sauropod dinosaur from the Upper Cretaceous and the first dinosaur discovered in Angola.
Specifically, it is found on some of the central Moluccan Islands including: Ambon, Seram, Obi, Buru, and Banda.
The Grenada worm snake or Grenada Bank blindsnake is a species of blind snake that is endemic to Grenada, an island in the Caribbean Lesser Antilles.
The subspecies is endemic to the southwestern United States and adjacent northern Mexico.
It was once present on a small islet near El Hierro in the Canary Islands.
The gopher tortoise is seen as a keystone species because it digs burrows that provide shelter for at least 360 other animal species.
In 2002, P. Mausfeld and D. Vrcibradic re-examined the holotype, which is the only known specimen.
Aralazhdarcho was by Averianov assigned to the Azhdarchidae, in view of its lack of teeth and geological age.
Nagarjun Sagar Racer, Coluber bholanathi, is a species of colubrid snake, found in peninsular India, in the Eastern Ghats and the Deccan plateau.
Cladogram based on Palci and Caldwell, Caldwell and Palci:
The authors have assigned Prejanopterus to the Pterodactyloidea.
It is strictly prohibited to kill a crocodile in the country, and it is punishable by law.
Macrovipera lebetina cernovi is a venomous viper subspecies endemic to Asia.
Thus, it will probably be eventually assigned to a new, yet-to-be-named subfamily.
Ogmodirus is an extinct genus of plesiosaur with an extremely long neck that lived in the Cretaceous.
The specimens were recovered from the fissure-fill deposits uncovered in a Limestone Quarry, north of Fort Sill, Comanche County, Oklahoma, USA.
They can rapidly change among various earth hues.
It was named and described in 1995.
The “flap-shelled” name stems from the presence of femoral flaps located on the plastron.
It was recently discovered by André Koch, a German scientist from the Zoological Research Museum Alexander Koenig in Bonn, during a joint German-Indonesian research project.
They have serrated scales which are grey-black in colour, but may also appear in pure black, reddish-brown or wood brown colours.
The Causinae are a monotypic subfamily of venomous vipers found only in sub-Saharan Africa.
It is nonvenomous, colored yellow and black.
Nucras caesicaudata, the blue-tailed sandveld lizard, is a wall lizard species of the genus Nucras and the family of true lizards.
The rostral scale overhangs the mouth to form a shovel-like burrowing structure.
It can be found in marshes, swamps, and riverbeds.
Pachyrhachis is one of three genera of Cenomanian snakes with hindlimbs.
It was discovered in May 1974 when a single adult and an egg were collected from the island of Monito.
Anadia is a genus of lizards in the family Gymnophthalmidae.
Hemidactylus hajarensis is a species of house gecko from Oman.
Closely related to Triceratops, Regaliceratops was named for its plated frill, which its describers thought looked somewhat like a crown.
The leopard tree iguana, Liolaemus leopardinus, is a species of lizard in the family Iguanidae.
Species in the genus are referred to by the common name velvet geckos.
Agama lionotus is a species of lizard from the Agamidae family, found in Tanzania, Uganda, Kenya and Ethiopia.
The Limpopo girdled lizard lives along South Africa's border with Botswana, Zimbabwe, and Mozambique.
The reasons for its selection are its camouflage to its surrounding rocks, and by which it hunts prey.
Ctenophorus pictus, commonly known as the painted dragon, is a species of lizard from the Agamidae family.
Also it is today often seen as a nomen dubium.
Along with the similarly large dinocephalia, the bradysaurs constituted the herbivorous megafauna of the late Middle Permian Period.
The Sanziniinae are a subfamily of boid snakes containing three species endemic to the island of Madagascar.
It averages 16–35 in in length and is a member of the genus Thamnophis.
It has at least 195 described species at present, which makes it the largest of all gecko genera.
The type of species is Besanosaurus leptorhynchus meaning "long-beaked reptile from Besano."
The Euphrates softshell turtle is a species of softshell turtle in the Trionychidae family.
The nominate subspecies, T. m. monastus, is found on Montserrat.
Dinanomodon is a genus of dicynodont from Late Permian of the Karoo Province of South Africa.
Trimeresurus erythrurus is a venomous pit viper species endemic to India, Bangladesh and Burma.
It is most active at night when it feeds on fish and a range of other small animals.
Maresaurus is an extinct genus of pliosaur from the Middle Jurassic of what is now Argentina.
It is omnivorous, feeding on fruit, leaves, flowers, insects, and small animals .
Due to human land use, it is now mostly found in 400 ha of Wathe State Wildlife Reserve, north-western Victoria.
It had fine needle like sharp teeth similar to those of nothosaurs and were probably used to trap small prey such as fish and squids.
The Poona Skink is a species of skink found only in Maharashtra, India.
The mugger crocodile has the broadest snout of any extant crocodile, giving it an alligator-like appearance.
This lizard is generally diurnal and mostly herbivorous, and grows up to half a metre long.
The type species, Galtonia gibbidens, was originally classified as Thecodontosaurus gibbidens, but was moved to a new genus by Hunt and Lucas in 1994.
Although historically classified as a subspecies of Oligosoma nigriplantare, it is likely to be given separate species status as data suggests it is a distinct species.
The species is nearly extinct in Egypt, and complete extinction in the wild is a looming threat unless more actions are taken to protect this species.
Sanzinia madagascariensis is a non-venomous boa species endemic to the island of Madagascar.
Epicrates fordii, known commonly as the Haitian ground boa, is a species of snake in the Boidae family.
Since 2009 the species Corallus batesii has been distinguished from C. caninus.
The Arizona mud turtle is a species of mud turtle in the Kinosternidae family.
Lygosoma vosmaeri is a species of skink, a lizard in the family Scincidae.
The bizarre-nosed chameleon is a species of chameleon endemic to Madagascar.
They are the most species-rich group of lizards, with about 1,500 different species worldwide.
The western green lizard is a wall lizard of the Lacertidae family.
Acrantophis dumerili, commonly known as Dumeril's boa and the Madagascar ground boa, is a non-venomous boa species found on Madagascar and Reunion Island.
The type species, Maresaurus coccai, was named by Gasparini in 1997.
Researchers have therefore suggested that it developed from a nonaquatic species in order to survive in the desert springs of Cuatro Ciénegas.
It is in the same genus as the other chuckwalla species.
The Brazilian galliwasp is a carnivorous species of lizard endemic to northeastern Brazil.
It has also been placed in the family Colubridae, subfamily Dipsadinae or Xenodontinae, or in the family Xenodontidae.
The Andaman cobra is a species of cobra native to India.
Sternotherus is a genus of aquatic turtles known commonly as musk turtles, which are endemic to North America.
The forest gecko, Hoplodactylus granulatus, is a species of gecko in the family Gekkonidae.
Blanus tingitanus is a species of reptile in the family Blanidae.
Tropidurus is the type genus of the subfamily Tropidurinae, which is a subfamily of Iguanid lizards.
This species, endemic to Madagascar, is found in primary and secondary forests on the island.
It follows the taxonomy currently provided by ITIS, which is based on the continuing work of Dr. Roy McDiarmid.
Blanus alexandri, called Alexander's worm-lizard, is an amphisbaenian species in the family Blanidae.
Stenocercus fimbriatus, the Western leaf lizard, is a species of lizard in the Tropidurinae subfamily within the genus Stenocercus.
The serrated hinged terrapin is a species of turtles in the Pelomedusidae family.
It has also been reported in Shiashkotan, one of the Kuril Islands.
Platyceps ventromaculatus, the glossy-bellied racer, is a species of snake in the Colubridae family.
The red whip snake or collared dwarf racer is a species of snake in the family Colubridae.
These remains are today commonly considered to be indistinguishable from those of other theropods from the same formation.
Lycodon flavomaculatus, commonly called the yellow-spotted wolf snake, is a species of colubrid snake found in the Western Ghats of India.
Nemegtosaurus was a sauropod dinosaur from Late Cretaceous Period of what is now Mongolia.
It is found in the states of Chihuahua, Coahuila, and Durango.
Estesia is an extinct genus of Late Cretaceous helodermatoid lizard found in the Gobi Desert in Mongolia.
Microlophus – lava lizards and Pacific iguanas
Jewelled geckos are often targeted by wildlife smugglers.
Common names: Bibron's bevel-nosed boa, Bibron's keel-scaled boa, Pacific tree boa, Fiji boa.
They live inside the thatch of huts and other small spaces, emerging only to feed.
It is found in South Africa and Swaziland.
Admetophoneus is an extinct genus of non-mammalian synapsid.
The species occurs exclusively in Southern Africa.
The Kapuas mud snake is a species of snake, native to Borneo, that can change its epidermal colour spontaneously.
The genus was named by paleontologist D.J.
It has a dorsal stripe that is vetiver green or light olive-gray bordered on either side with black and lateral stripes are marguerite yellow.
Jameson's mamba is a species of quick, highly arboreal and highly venomous snake of the family Elapidae.
The saddle-backed Rodrigues giant tortoise was a species of giant tortoise in the family Testudinidae.
It is named in honor of Mário Costa Barberena.
Hydrophis klossi, commonly known as Kloss's sea snake, is a species of venomous sea snake in the family Elapidae.
Zuoyulong was thus in 2015 the most basal hadrosauroid known from the Upper Cretaceous.
Dasypeltis is a genus of colubrid snakes.
Some of its diagnostic characteristics include relatively few tooth positions, a gracile upper arm, and an ischium that curves towards its expanded tip.
Gavialinum is an extinct genus of teleosaurid thalattosuchian.
The ringed map turtle or ringed sawback is a species of turtle in the Emydidae family endemic to the southern United States.
It is also called the limestone anole.
The genus is thought to be closely related to the genus Manouria.
The species is endemic to the New World.
The prickly girdled lizard or spiny crag lizard is a species of lizard in the family Cordylidae.
Common names: Kanburi pitviper, Kanburian pit viper, tiger pit viper.
The razor-backed musk turtle is a species of turtles native to the southern United States.
There is also an unverified record from Hainan, China.
Species of this genus are distributed in Egypt, Algeria, Libya, Mali, Niger, Ethiopia, Djibouti, Eritrea, Somalia, Kenya, Yemen, and Saudi Arabia.
Niveoscincus is a genus of skinks, commonly called snow skinks or cool-skinks and residing mainly in Tasmania or Victoria, Australia.
The generic name is derived from Greek sarx, "flesh".
The Burgan skink, Oligosoma burganae, is a nationally endangered species of skink native to New Zealand.
In 1990 Masahiro Sato in Fukuoka found the tooth of a theropod.
Cnemaspis clivicola, is a species of diurnal gecko endemic to island of Sri Lanka.
This species is endemic to South America.
The tail tip is waved around and used to lure insectivorous birds to within striking range.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests, subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, plantations, rural gardens, and heavily degraded former forests.
The generic name is derived from Greek βραχύς, brachys, "short", and πούς, pous, "foot".
The following cladogram is based on Leaché and Reeder, 2002, and shows the relationship of a S. cowlesi to other species in the "Sceloporus undulatus group".
They also have a bule that runs down the side of their tail.
Helminthophis is a genus of non-venomous blind snakes found in southern Central America and northwestern South America.
Dracopelta was an ankylosaurian dinosaur from Portugal, described by Peter Galton in 1980.
The underside of the gecko is a lighter green in females, and silvery in males.
Echis carinatus multisquamatus, Central Asian saw-scaled viper
Xantus' leaf-toed gecko, or the leaf-toed gecko, is a species of New World gecko.
Its natural habitats are Mediterranean-type shrubby vegetation, sandy shores, arable land, pastureland, plantations, and rural gardens.
The young hatch before the onset of the monsoon.
It is found in Colombia, Guyana, Suriname, French Guiana, northeastern Peru, southern Venezuela and northern Brazil.
Cacophis churchilli is a species of elapid snake.
The family is entirely Gondwanan in origin, with no members found outside of Gondwana, either in the present day or as a fossil.
Phelsuma dubia, dull day gecko, olive day gecko, or Zanzibar day gecko, or "green day gecko" is a diurnal species of gecko.
The Bartle Frere skink tolerates juveniles in the same area, as most skinks do not.
The species is also known as Anglocetus beatsoni.
Data about the population or specimens collected are needed for the IUCN to obtain more information about the unknown threats that may be impacting them.
Geckonia is a monotypic gecko genus endemic to Africa.
There is a larger, often pure black variant found in Italy and Malta referred to there as 'Il Biacco'.
Trimeresurus fasciatus is a venomous pit viper species endemic to Djampea Island, Indonesia.
Three additional species of Antarctosaurus have been named since then.
Based on DM 002/CEUM 32588, Czerkas and Mickelson identified it as a "rhamphorhynchoid" pterosaur.
Trimeresurus labialis is a venomous pit viper species endemic to the Nicobar Islands of India.
This turtle gets its name from its reddish plastron or undershell.
Ophioscincus is a genus of skink known to inhabit parts of Australia.
The name is derived from the Greek words ura and pelte, indicating the presence of the large keratinous shield at the tip of the tail.
Both sexes can reach a size of around 35 mm.
It used to be monotypic but now has two species with the addition of the Philippine forest turtle.
Common name: Pacific gopher snake, coast gopher snake, western gopher snake, more.
Lygodactylus blanci, commonly called Blanc's dwarf gecko, is a species of gecko native to central Madagascar.
Their name derives from the bony-plated pseudo-horn or outgrowth which resembles the horn of a rhinoceros on the iguana's snout.
It is a burrowing species characterised by a very elongated body, small limbs, and a long tail.
The species actively hunts lizards in small crevices, and is endemic to southern Africa.
The common water snake is a species of large, nonvenomous, common snake in the family Colubridae that is native to North America.
Nordenosaurus was thought to have had an arboreal lifestyle before its reclassification.
Lampropeltis getula holbrooki, commonly known as the speckled kingsnake or black pepper snake, is a nonvenomous subspecies of kingsnake, which is endemic to the United States.
Beddome's day gecko is a species of gecko found in the Western Ghats.
Herrera's mud turtle is a species of mud turtle in the family Kinosternidae.
Their range is in Southeast Asia, Greater and Lesser Sundas, Maluku, and the Philippines), southernmost China, India, and Sri Lanka.
The Blue Mountains water skink is a species of skink in the family Scincidae.
Bunopus is a genus of small geckos found in many sites around the world.
Tamboeria is an extinct genus of middle sized carnivorous therocephalian from the Tapinocephalus Assemblage Zone of South Africa.
All species of Pedioplanis are endemic to southern Africa.
Common names: saw-scaled viper, Indian saw-scaled viper, little Indian viper, more.
The keeled dorsal scales are typically gray or tan, but can be a variety of colors.
This "species" seems to be naturally occurring in central Vietnam, but is occasionally also bred for the pet trade in southern Chinese turtle farms.
This genus is presently in the family of lizards known as Iguanidae, subfamily Polychrotinae, and is no longer classified in the now invalid family, Polychrotidae.
Large males can reach as much as 3.5 m in length and weigh more than 215 kg.
Therefore, Palmatogecko is a synonym of Pachydactylus.
It lives near rivers in the tropical forests of the Philippines.
Caririemys violetae is an extinct side-necked turtle belonging to the Pelomedusoides of the family Euraxemydidae.
Leptotyphlops calypso, or the Samana thread snake, is a species of snake in the Leptotyphlopidae family.
The specific name honours Yang Zhongjian as the founder of Chinese paleontology.
Its discoverers said, in 1973, that it is the oldest fossil lizard in the family Iguanidae.
It is found amongst heath on coastal dunes, and in open woodland on the Swan Coastal Plain.
The genus comprises ten species, including several recently discovered species, such as two new species from Sri Lanka.
This insectivorous iguana is a climbing species that can often be seen holding onto branches.
It is believed to be was one of two aquatic sphenodont lineages, with Pleurosauridae being the other.
Adults are dark grey to brown in colour, with two rows of pale orange patches running along its sides.
Common names: hump-nosed vipers, hump-nosed pit vipers.
Wellnhofer however, retained it in the Pteranodontidae.
Four additional tail vertebrae have been assigned to it.
The West Canary skink or lisa dorada is a species of skink in the family Scincidae.
It was herbivorous or may have been an omnivore.
Lialis is a genus of lizards in the family Pygopodidae, with two member species in this genus.
Liolaemus stolzmanni is a species of lizard in the family Liolaemidae.
Like the living Ridley and Loggerhead sea turtles, Pacifichelys was durophagous, consuming hard-shelled organisms with crushing jaws.
The fossils were discovered in the lowest portion of the Kimmeridgian Sembar Formation from the Kirthar foldbelt in Pakistan.
Rhinophis dorsimaculatus, commonly known as the polka-dot earth snake, is a species of snake in the Uropeltidae family.
Liaoxisaurus was named in 2005 by Gao Chunling and colleagues.
Typhlops titanops is a species of snake in the Typhlopidae family.
This species has a wide range stretching from Tanzania through Central Africa as far as Uganda.
The lizard is named after Mohammed bin Zayed Al Nahyan, who sponsored the field survey that led to the discovery of the species.
Saproscincus mustelinus, commonly known as the southern weasel skink, is a small species of skink which is endemic to Australia.
Shidaisaurus was described in 2009 by Wu and colleagues.
They also consume fruit that falls to the forest floor.
The underside is also white or light yellow.
Boyd's forest dragon is a species of arboreal agamid lizard found in rainforests and their margins in the Wet Tropics region of northern Queensland, Australia.
Kinosterninae contains the genera Kinosternon and Sternotherus, which are native to much of the United States and northern Mexico.
The Weapontail or Brazilian spiny-tailed lizard is a lizard belonging to the monotypic genus Hoplocercus.
Cyrtodactylus brevidactylus is a nocturnal and terrestrial species of gecko that is found in Myanmar.
It is endemic to South Africa, being restricted to a few salt marshes in the Eastern Cape.
The Uromasticinae are a subfamily of reptiles in the family Agamidae containing two genera:
Archaius tigris, the Seychelles tiger chameleon, is the only species in the resurrected genus Archaius, which has been established in 1865.
This species is endemic to northern South America.
The Oaxaca mud turtle is a species of mud turtle in the family Kinosternidae.
Its fossils, consisting solely of a partial skull, were found in the Barun Goyot Formation near Shar Tsav, Mongolia.
Eurysaurus is an extinct genus of plesiosaur from the Early Jurassic of France, named in 1878.
The island least gecko is a species of gecko endemic to the Lesser Antilles in the Caribbean.
Fritsch originally published the name as Iguanodon albinus in 1893.
Stephanosaurus is a dubious genus of hadrosaurid dinosaur with a complicated taxonomic history.
They can be distinguished from members of the genus Uta by the presence of enlarged dorsal scales.
It is endemic to the Ashmore and Cartier Islands of Australia.
Delma is a genus of lizards in the family Pygopodidae.
The Aniliidae are a monotypic family created for the monotypic genus Anilius that contains the single species A. scytale.
The striped legless lizard is a species of lizard in the Pygopodidae family endemic to Australia.
Dipsadidae is a large family of snakes.
Bothriechis guifarroi joins two other species of the genus Bothriechis, B. marchi and B. thalassinus, found in Chortís Highlands of Honduras.
In captivity, it is observed to move in a sidewinding direction on land.
Mating occurs during rainy months and egg deposit occurs during dry months.
Ischioceratops was a small sized, moderately-built, ground-dwelling, quadrupedal herbivore, whose total body length has been estimated to about 2 meters.
Regisauridae is an extinct family of small carnivorous theriodonts from the Late Permian and Early Triassic of South Africa and China.
The belly, throat, and lips are cream to yellow.
Adeopapposaurus was described in 2009 by Ricardo N. Martínez.
They can be very common in favourable conditions and are found in alpine meadows, scree, amongst boulders, and in areas of thorn cushion vegetation and thickets.
Specifically, it is endemic to Halmahera and Ternate Islands of Maluku.
Both the common name and the scientific name derive from Oaxaca, a Mexican state.
They can grow quite large, 30 cm or more is not unusual and have a life span of around 20–30 years.
It was described by Frank N. Blanchard in 1920 and named after American herpetologist Alexander Grant Ruthven.
Leptotyphlops macrops, or the Large-eyed worm snake, is a species of snake in the family Leptotyphlopidae.
The eastern river cooter is a subspecies of turtle native to the eastern United States, with a smaller population in the midwest.
Both species are currently assigned to Crocodylomorpha, one is reassigned to the genus Lusitanisuchus.
Agkistrodon bilineatus russeolus, Yucatecan ground pit viper
Like all members of the genus Uroplatus, U. sameiti is endemic to Madagascar, and is found in primary and secondary forests on the island.
Both specimens were from the Romualdo Member of the formation in what is now northwestern Brazil.
It is various shades of gray all over, occasionally with a yellowish tint around its eye.
It is found only on the island of Gorgona, in the Colombian Pacific.
The family includes both egg-laying and ovoviviparous species.
The type species, Penelopognathus weishampeli, was described by Godefroit, Li, and Shang in 2005, based on fragmentary jaw fossils.
Although another tooth would have replaced the broken one, regeneration would have been slow.
The type specimen, AMNH 5771, again consists of two vertebrae.
Belodon is a genus of phytosaur, a crocodile-like reptile that lived during the Triassic.
Referred was specimen PIN 554/2-1, the rear of the skull of another individual.
The toes do not have adhesive lamellae.
Crotalus pricei miquihuanus, Eastern twin spotted rattlesnake
Porthidium yucatanicum is a venomous pitviper species found in Mexico.
The mata mata, mata-mata, or matamata is a freshwater turtle found in South America, primarily in the Amazon and Orinoco basins.
The habitat of the New Guinea crocodile is mostly freshwater swamps and lakes.
It was originally named as Chiayüsaurus, but the ICZN does not permit special characters, so it has become Chiayusaurus.
The genus name refers to the Ningcheng district in Inner Mongolia; the specific name honours the collector of the fossil Ms Liu Jingyi
The Mount d'Ambre leaf chameleon is a diminutive chameleon from far northern Madagascar.
Siebenrockiella is a small genus of black marsh turtles.
Originally described as a new species supposedly endemic to Guangxi/China; it was classified as Data Deficient in the IUCN Red List.
Currently, 19 species are recognized in this genus.
Species in the genus Rhabdophis are generally called keelback snakes, and are found primarily in Southeast Asia.
Several features of the scales align it with Trachylepis over the related American genus Mabuya.
It was also the first reptile to return to the water, evolving shortly after Hylonomus, the oldest confirmed reptile.
It was about 13 metres long and weighed about 7 metric tons.
It belonged to the recently discovered clade Lognkosauria, a transitional group of titanosaurs which included the gigantic Futalognkosaurus and Puertasaurus.
The generic name refers to the prefecture of Zuoyun with the Chinese word long, "dragon".
Lycodon chrysoprateros, also known as Ross' wolf snake, is a species of colubrid snake found on the island of Dalupiri in the Philippines.
Abronia chiszari is an endangered species of arboreal alligator lizard endemic to east-central Mexico.
It was an acrodont lizard, and a cladistic analysis indicates it was grouped with iguanians such as agamines, chamaeleonids, and leiolepidines.
Sinokannemeyeria was a large long and weighing 250 pounds), long snouted, Chinese dicynodont with downward-pointing tusks that grew from bulbous projections on its upper jaw.
Bitis gabonica gabonica, East African gaboon viper
They are commonly known as wall lizards.
Like other horned lizards, it is often wrongly called a "horned toad" or "horny toad", but it is not a toad at all.
Typhlops arenarius is a species of snake in the Typhlopidae family.
The first specimen of Deltavjatia was a specimen of a skull and lower mandobile, found in the Urpalov Formation in Kotelnich, Vyatka River.
Namoi River snapping turtle, Myuchelys bellii Gray, 1844
The three-striped roofed turtle is a species of turtle in the genus Batagur.
The Pakistan Agama a species of agamid lizard found in Pakistan.
Typhlops mucronatus is a species of snake in the Typhlopidae family.
The bone differs from those of other related fossil and modern crocodilians and was originally said to resemble that of a dinosaur.
Females are duller than males, and may have a mid-dorsal stripe or dark chevron markings.
It has been confused with M. bistriata, and so many accounts have attributed M. mabouya populations to M. bistriata.
They are called 'spectacled' because of their transparent lower eyelids, so they can still see with closed eyes.
Enhydris is a genus of slightly venomous, rear-fanged, colubrid snakes, endemic to the tropical area of Indo-Australian region.
Leptotyphlops striatulus is a species of snake in the Leptotyphlopidae family.
The remains were found at the Shakh-Shakh locality.
The snake is fully nocturnal and subsists on a diet of frogs.
These geckos live in tropical rain forests.
It is found in Angola, Botswana, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, Namibia, Zambia, and Zimbabwe.
Amphisbaena darwinii is a species of reptile in the genus Amphisbaena.
Crotalus lepidus is a venomous pit viper species found in the southwestern United States and northern central Mexico.
The snake is commonly known as Sri Lanka blossom krait, or as Sri Lanka keelback and as මල් කරවලා or නිහලුවා in Sinhala.
Tototlmimus is an extinct genus of ornithomimid dinosaur.
This is the group of reptiles commonly known as snakes.
It was similar to Shartegosuchus, and is assigned to the same family.
As it is a specialized predator that feeds primarily upon eggs, the primary use of its venom is still a source of debate among scientists.
Blanus mariae is an amphisbaenian species in the family Blanidae.
Its colour and pattern are rather variable, depending largely on its location.
Hemitheconyx caudicinctus, commonly known as the African fat-tailed gecko, is a nocturnal, ground-dwelling gecko.
Its maximum snout-vent length is about 53 millimeters.
It is commonly known as the mascot of GEICO.
The Javan mudsnake is both feared and worshipped by communal Japanese.
The name Lacerta bedriagae is also used.
Other fossils have been found in England, France, Germany, Portugal, Switzerland and Tunisia.
The giant butterfly lizard is a rarely seen species of lizard found in parts of Southeast Asia.
Trachylepis homalocephala, commonly known as the red-sided skink, is a small, slender species of skink in the subfamily Mabuyinae.
Type locality: Darakondah, Golconda Hills, Madras Pres.
Insects make up the bulk of its prey, with soft-bodied invertebrates and small vertebrates hunted less frequently.
Morelia amethistina is a nonvenomous species of snake, known as the amethystine, scrub python, or sanca permata locally, found in Indonesia, Papua New Guinea, and Australia.
Anomodontia is a group of terrestrial organisms that roamed the land on four limbs.
Teiidae is a family of autarchoglossan lizards native to the Americas.
Dendrelaphis calligastra, the northern tree snake is a slender, large-eyed, nonvenomous, diurnal snake.
The Bluff Downs giant python is an extinct species of snake from Queensland, Australia, that lived during the Early Pliocene.
Nominosuchus was not large; its skull length is estimated at 60 millimetres.
As a result, recognition of Norops as a genus is premature and likely to confound efforts to study and conserve anoles.
This species was previously grouped in the genus Lamprophis but is regrouped with the genus Boaedon
It is also known as the Red River giant softshell turtle, Shanghai softshell turtle, or Swinhoe’s softshell turtle.
Acanthophis ceramensis is a species of venomous snake in the family Elapidae.
Boiga dendrophila, commonly called the mangrove snake or gold-ringed cat snake, is a species of rear-fanged colubrid from southeast Asia.
It is endemic to Cyprus, where it is common and widespread.
Like all caseids, Ennatosaurus had a small head compared to its wide, lizard-like body.
Cnemaspis samanalensis is a species of diurnal gecko endemic to island of Sri Lanka.
Raeticodactylus is a genus of non-pterodactyloid pterosaur from the late Norian-early Rhaetian-age Upper Triassic lower Kössen Formation of the central Austroalpine of Grisons, Switzerland.
They have other popular names in various countries, such as zopilota in Central America and cribo on some Caribbean islands.
The generic name honours Drusila Ortiz de Zárate, a young female member of the family, also occasioning the choice of the feminine form ~saura.
Unlike other ankylosaurids, it lacked a bony club at the tip of its tail.
Araripesaurus was a pterosaur, belonging to the Pterodactyloidea, from the Santana Formation of Brazil, dating from the Early Cretaceous.
It contains two species, T. bentonianum and T. kirki.
Mock viper is a small snake, less in males), but it will form defensive coils and strike in viper-like fashion when threatened.
It rests under leaf litter or rocks at night, and sometimes uses abandoned rabbit burrows for shelter.
Friedrich von Huene reassessed it in 1932 as belonging to a new genus, that he named Plateosauravus.
They eat insects, frogs, freshwater fish, and small mammals.
In 1926 Friedrich von Huene renamed T. horneri to Thecocoelurus horneri, but this has not been commonly accepted, because Thecospondylus would have priority.
considered it unlikely that any Ornithischia were present in the Maastrichtian of India.
It has a unique habitat preference and limited distribution.
The species is endemic to the Chilean matorral ecoregion within Chile.
They are part of the Scincidae family or skinks which are also a type of lizard.
The name "collared lizard" comes from the lizard's distinct coloration, which includes bands of black around the neck and shoulders that look like a collar.
Its fossils have been found in the Jagua Formation in western Cuba.
It is not an aggressive species with a biting defense.
Leiolepis is the sole genus of subfamily Leiolepidinae.
It is one of four Calotes species endemic to Sri Lanka.
They are usually in shades of green or brown or with bands.
This snake is infamous for being an invasive species responsible for devastating the majority of the native bird population in Guam.
Ramphotyphlops flaviventer is a species of snake in the Typhlopidae family.
In 2010, Thililua was transferred to Leptocleididae as a sister taxon to Nichollssaura.
Furcifer angeli, also known as Angel's chameleon, initially described as Chamaeleo angeli, is a species of chameleon that is endemic to northwest Madagascar.
The Western patch-nosed snake, Salvadora hexalepis, is a species of nonvenomous colubrid snake, which is endemic to the southwestern United States and northern Mexico.
There are two distinct species in the genus Trimorphodon, with seven subspecies.
Also known as the sand plated lizard, it is diurnal.
In these areas there is hybridization between the species.
Males can reach sexual maturity in their third year, while females do not until their fourth or fifth year.
They are active during days and the dusk.
The Kimberley Long Neck Turtle walloyarrina) is a large species of long neck turtle endemic to the Kimberley region of Western Australia.
Its common names include Malagasy ground boa and Madagascar boa.
It was a titanosaur which lived in what is now Brazil.
Cryptosaurus was the same year named by British paleontologist Harry Seeley; the type species is Cryptosaurus eumerus.
St. John's keelback, Xenochrophis sanctijohannis, is a species of natricine snake, which is endemic to Asia.
Barberenachampsa is a genus of proterosuchid archosauromorph from the Late Triassic of Brazil.
Wood Turtle populations are under high conservation concerns due to human interference of natural habitats.
Pantherophis gloydi, commonly known as the eastern foxsnake or eastern fox snake, is a type of rat snake.
Desert tortoises can tolerate water, salt, and energy imbalances on a daily basis, which increases their lifespans.
It is found in freshwater habitats such as rivers, lakes, and ponds.
The Tritheledontidae or tritheledontids, also known as ictidosaurs, were small to medium-sized cynodonts.
It held this status until the 1960s, when Ned Colbert reevaluated it for his description of Icarosaurus.
The species is diurnal, spending their days foraging, basking and watching over their territories by day and retreating to the treetops at night.
The aquatic coral snake is a species of coral snake in the family Elapidae.
It lived approximately 210 million years ago during the Upper Triassic in Thailand.
Platyplectrurus trilineatus, commonly known as the lined thorntail snake, is a species of uropeltid snake endemic to southern India.
Uluops is an extinct genus of turtle from the Late Jurassic Morrison Formation.
The first, near Mafra, is dated as Early Cretaceous, and the second, near Lourinhã, as Late Jurassic.
It is endemic to Myanmar, but was believed to be extinct until rediscovered in 2002.
It is endemic to the Guerrero and Oaxaca states of Mexico.
Another skeleton includes 38 tail vertebrae, a neck vertebra, and most of a hind limb.
The snake is known as "dangara dandaa - දඟරදන්ඩා" in Sinhala, due to its folding postures.
It can reach up to 400 mm in length, and may be confused with blue-tongued lizards.
The genus belongs to the gecko family Phyllodactylidae.
During the next several decades, scientists were unable to detect any trace of the snake in their field studies.
The generic name is derived from the village of Préjano and a Latinised Greek pteron, "wing".
Amphiesma miyajimae is threatened in parts of its range through habitat degradation and road kills.
Chalcides colosii, also known as the Riffian skink or Colosi's cylindrical skink, is a moderately-sized species of skink found in Morocco and some Spanish territories.
The holotype, TMP 2005.055.0001, was found in a layer of the St. Mary River Formation dating from the middle Maastrichtian, about 68 million years old.
The type locality is given as Bramagherry Hills, Wayanad.
The Texas map turtle is a species of emydid turtle endemic to the southern United States.
The type species is Aristonectes parvidens, first named by Cabrera in 1941.
Provelosaurus is an extinct Pareiasaur genus of the Late Permian found on the road between Aceguá and Bagé in the Paleorrota, Rio Grande do Sul, Brazil.
Not to be confused with glass lizards.
The gecko is distinguished from others due to its distinctly short limbs, stout body and large head.
Rhinotyphlops is a genus of blind snakes found in Africa, the Middle East and India.
Pituophis melanoleucus, commonly known as the pine snake, is a nonvenomous species of colubrid endemic to the southeastern United States.
Crotalus oreganus caliginis is a venomous pit viper subspecies endemic to South Coronado Island, Mexico.
Boehme's giant day gecko is a diurnal species of gecko.
These turtles are all aquatic, inhabiting streams and other flowing water.
These spots are most prominent in juveniles and fade with age.
The fossil remains of Campylodoniscus were found in the Sierra de San Bernardo and consist of a single jaw bone, the maxilla, holding seven teeth.
The small-scaled burrowing asp is a species of atractaspidid snake.
It is also the first to be found in an inland area, instead of on the coast where aquatic squamates are commonly found.
Its natural habitat is dry savanna within three subpopulations in the southwestern Dominican Republic.
The Colubridae are a family of snakes.
Brookesia ambreensis, also commonly known as the Amber Mountain leaf chameleon, is a species of chameleon endemic to Madagascar.
The Mozambique girdled lizard is also called the Gorongosa girdled lizard or Cordylus gorongosa.
Cyrtodactylus jaegeri is a species of geckos from Khammouane Province, Laos.
Common names: Mauritius snakes, Round Island boas, splitjaw snakes.
The enamel is wrinkled and the base of the crowns are hollow.
Platyplectrurus is a genus of nonvenomous shield tail snakes endemic to the Western Ghats of India.
The big-headed pantanal swamp turtle or pantanal swamp turtle is a species of turtle in the Chelidae family found in Argentina, Bolivia, Brazil, and Paraguay.
The three-toed box turtle is a subspecies within the genus of hinge-shelled turtles commonly referred to as box turtles.
C. kingii is largely arboreal, spending the majority of the time in the trees.
More specifically, the ventral coloration that is seen in female lizards is associated with patterns of sexual reproduction and sex allocation.
It is a diurnal omnivore with its diet including insects, flowers, berries, fungi, leaves and young shoots.
The cloudy gecko, Hoplodactylus nebulosus, is a species of gecko in the family Gekkonidae that is endemic to New Zealand.
In some archipelagoes, cryptic species complexes are found.
Common names: rough-scaled sand boa, rough-tailed sand boa.
Agrosaurus is the name given to the remains of what was originally believed to be a Triassic prosauropod from Australia.
Uropeltis ocellata is a non-venomous shield tail snake species found in southern India.
Pelusios castaneus is a freshwater species and is endemic to West and Central Africa.
Because of their slow gait and small arms, they likely preyed upon the larger, slower sauropods rather than the smaller, faster ornithopods.
Pachyrhinos is an extinct genus of non-mammalian synapsid.
It has also been introduced to Florida, with small but stable breeding populations.
The Mekong snail-eating turtle is a species of turtle in the Geoemydidae family.
Hemidactylus and Cyrtodactylus together account for 185 species.
One of the biggest causes of mortality in slowworms in suburban areas is the domestic cat, against which it has no defence.
They are Milos, Kimolos, Falkonera, Antimilos and Parapola.
Common names: rhinoceros viper, river jack, arrowhead viper.
The type species of this genus is Brancasaurus brancai, first named by Theodor Wegner in 1914 in honor of German paleontologist Wilhelm von Branca.
Dumeril's monitor is a species of lizard, endemic to Southeast Asia.
The Polychrotinae subfamily of iguanian lizards contains the living genus Polychrus and the extinct genus Afairiguana.
Tachymenis are rear-fanged and are capable of producing a medically significant bite, with at least one species, T. peruviana, responsible for human fatalities.
Rocasaurus was discovered in Argentina in 2000.
They were extremely mammal-like, highly specialized cynodonts, although they still retained a very few reptilian anatomical traits.
The rough-bellied day gecko, Cnemaspis tropidogaster, is a species of day geckos found in the Western Ghats of India and Sri Lanka.
Common names include hook-nosed snakes and shovel-nosed snakes.
Mongolosaurus is a genus of titanosauriform sauropod dinosaur which lived during the Early Cretaceous of China.
The false girdled lizard is a lizard species endemic to the Cape Fold Belt of southern South Africa.
Small-spotted lizard, is a species of lizard.
Its color varies from pale to dark gray to deep orange.
Five families and 15 genera are recognized,
Traukutitan is a genus of possible lognkosaurian titanosaur sauropod dinosaur which lived during the late Cretaceous.
Of one dorsal vertebra a cast remains, preserved in the American Museum of Natural History with the inventory number AMNH 2062.
It is widely considered a sister taxon to Globidens.
The Little-scaled Least Gecko is a gecko species mainly found on the Caribbean island of Saint Lucia, where it was once thought to be endemic.
Horvath's rock lizard is a species of lizard in the family Lacertidae.
Its name comes from its swollen tail, which is used to store fat.
This is the smallest species in the genus Bitis and possibly the world's smallest viperid.
The turtles mate in spring and autumn.
Agkistrodon contortrix pictigaster is a venomous pitviper subspecies found in the Trans-Pecos region of the United States, in western Texas, and northeastern Mexico.
Fitzinger's algyroides or the pygmy algyroides or the pygmy keeled lizard is a species of lizard in the family Lacertidae.
Apostolepis is a genus of snakes in the family Dipsadidae.
They are typically found in Indo-Australian and Southeast Asian waters.
Sinomicrurus sauteri is a highly venomous species of snake in the family Elapidae.
The ground agama is a species of lizard from the Agamidae family, found in most of sub-Saharan Africa.
The trigeminal musculature and the depressor mandibulae has been observed.
Blanding's turtle is a semi-aquatic turtle of the family Emydidae.
The Caspian whipsnake also known as the large whipsnake, is a common species of whipsnake found in the Balkans and parts of Eastern Europe.
Bitis schneideri is a venomous viper species found in a small coastal region that straddles the border between Namibia and South Africa.
They are found at low levels in bushes, or on the ground among grass or leaf litter.
They first spelled the species name as Arthurdactylus conan-doylei, thus with a forbidden diacritic sign, and themselves carried out the necessary emendation to conandoylei in 1998.
Heuneus is an extinct genus of non-mammalian synapsid.
Rieppeleon is a genus of small, typically brown chameleons found in forests and savannas in central East Africa.
It grows to a maximum of 70mm, and is green, with some individuals displaying gold markings.
Evidence of widespread hybridization further complicates efforts to understand the genetics of this and related species.
A second species, P. kwangshiensis, was named in 1975.
Its remains are known from North America, Central America and Bermuda.
It is generally restricted to areas with limestone.
These lizards are found in loose clusters and attract raptors and predators.
While most nigerophiids were aquatic, Kelyophis was not as specialized for aquatic life.
The type species remains Syrmosaurus disparoserratus, the combinatio nova is Maleevus disparoserratus.
It contains the species Ikechosaurus sunailinae and Ikechosaurus gaoi.
Platycraniellus is an extinct genus of non-mammalian synapsid.
Lophostropheus is one of the few dinosaurs that may have survived the Triassic–Jurassic extinction event.
Bogert's gecko is a species of gekkonid lizard, the only species contained in the genus Bogertia.
Cnemaspis podihuna is a species of diurnal gecko found only in Sri Lanka.
Khurendukhosaurus is a genus of choristodere, a type of amphibious reptile.
The Cameroon rainforest snake is a species of colubrid snake.
Anomalepis mexicanus is a species of snake in the Anomalepididae family.
Trimeresurus gumprechti is a species of venomous pitviper endemic to Asia.
For the group of theropod dinosaurs, see Coelurosauria.
The populations from other parts of Vietnam and Laos are now regarded a separate species, the Vietnamese three-striped box turtle.
Oligodon sublineatus, commonly known as Dumeril's kukri snake or Pulli Dath Ketiya-පුල්ලි දත්-කැටියා is a species of nonvenomous kukri snake found in Sri Lanka.
Ptychozoon kaengkrachanense, also known as Kaeng Krachan parachute gecko is a species of gecko endemic to Thailand.
The filfola lizard or Maltese wall lizard is a species of lizard in the Lacertidae family.
This species is one of the two tree cobras in Africa, the other being the black tree cobra.
Trimeresurus albolabris septentrionalis, Northern white-lipped pit viper
The wingspan of Araripedactylus was estimated by Wellnhofer as at least 4.8 metres and in another publication at 5 metres.
Species of Hemiphyllodactylus are commonly known as half leaf-fingered geckos.
Members of this genus are found in eastern and southwestern Asia where they are found in arid and semiarid habitats.
The species name refers to the Kirthar Mountains.
Ctenophorus fionni, commonly known as the Arcoona rock dragon, peninsula dragon, or peninsula crevice-dragon, is a species of agamid lizard occurring only in South Australia.
Terrapene ornata is a species of North American box turtle sometimes referred to as the western box turtle or ornate box turtle.
The lizard is about 35 to 50 cm long, and is found in wet and dry sclerophyll forests, montane woodlands and coastal heathlands.
In the autumn, the females give birth to one or two young, which stay very near the mother for the first year.
Prozostrodon was an advanced cynodont that was closely related to the ancestors of mammals.
Cladogram based on Lynch and Parham and Parham and Pyenson:
Hypsiglena torquata, commonly known as the night snake, is a species of rear-fanged colubrid.
The spotted skink, sometimes called the ocellated cool-skink or ocellated skink, is a skink endemic to Tasmania, Australia.
Typhlops jerdoni is a harmless blind snake species endemic to India.
The species is endemic to the Andaman Islands, India.
Rhinotyphlops graueri is a species of snake in the family Typhlopidae.
It is a popular pet amongst reptile enthusiasts.
The second species, though formally named by him as Iuticosaurus lydekkeri, he considered a nomen dubium.
They occur in a small area of the tropical rainforests of South America.
Mesoclemmys perplexa is a species of turtle from Northeast Brazil.
Argentine snake-necked turtle, Cágado pescoço de cobra, Hydromedusa tectifera
Colubrid species are found on every continent except Antarctica.
The body was probably barrel-shaped, like other caseids, with massive limbs and small cervical vertebrae.
Ctenophorus is a genus of lizards, also known as comb-bearing dragons, that contains the most diverse group of dragon lizards in Australia.
It is endemic to Madagascar, where it is a common to abundant, widespread reptile.
The hooded chameleon, Calumma cucullatum, is a Vulnerable species of chameleon endemic to north-east Madagascar; its geological type locality is Madagascar.
Rhadinosaurus alcinus is a genus of nodosaurid ankylosaur first described in 1881 by Harry Govier Seeley, based on remains uncovered in Austria.
Several pairs of belly ribs were preserved.
The Central American river turtle, also known locally as the hickatee or tortuga blanca, is the only living species in the family Dermatemydidae.
Common names: Milos viper, Cyclades blunt-nosed viper.
Matschie's dwarf gecko is a species of gecko native to eastern Tanzania, eastern Kenya, and western Cameroon.
Its population is very small and it can only be found in freshwater environments in Colombia and Venezuela, in particular the Orinoco River and its tributaries.
Its remains were found from the late Cretaceous Packard Formation, in the Sonora state, México.
The same study emended the specific name to curvirostris as the feminine curvirostra had been incorrect.
Coburgosuchus is an extinct genus of pseudopalatine phytosaur.
The type species is N. halius, described by John C. Merriam in 1905.
The lizard has a slightly flattened head.
The nostril pierces the center of the nasal scale.
On the side of its head where a normal yellow-bellied slider would have solid yellow, there will be red interposed.
Eirenis modestus, commonly known as ring-headed dwarf snake or simply the dwarf snake, is a species of snake in the Colubridae family.
The desert monitor is carnivorous, feeding on a wide range of vertebrates and invertebrates.
Currently, two subspecies are recognized, including the typical form described here.
The plumed basilisk, also called a green basilisk, double crested basilisk, or Jesus Christ lizard, is a species of corytophanid native to Central America.
They are at least partly arboreal and have been found in the forest canopy among epiphytes and also in standing dead trees.
They are ground-dwellers and live in open forests and open grasslands.
The toxicity of its venom is not known, but it overpowers its prey quickly.
As its scientific name and common name suggest, it is found in Somalia, but may also be present in eastern Ethiopia.
Xenosaurus rectocollaris, sometimes known as the pallid knob-scaled lizard, is a species of viviparous lizard.
Cnemaspis yercaudensis is a species of gecko found in the Shevaroy Hills of southern India.
Despite its common names, it is not a member of the subfamily Viperinae.
Moanasaurus was a genus of mosasaur from the Late Cretaceous period.
The Four-striped Lipinia is a species of skink.
Anthropogenic impact is minimized by the fact that its native habitat has many landmines, and surrounding coffee plantations have been abandoned.
It is able to survive in the desert.
Eonatator is a genus of halisaurine mosasaur from the Upper Cretaceous of North America, South America and Europe.
It is monotypic within the genus Ogmodon.
Stenodactylus affinis, common name, Iranian short-fingered gecko, is a gecko species in the genus Stenodactylus found in Iran's southeastern Khuzestan Province and southern Fars Province), Iraq.
Presently however it seems to hold its own - not the least due to reintroduction to Roque Chico de Salmor which is now a protected area.
The Sakashima green snake, Liopeltis herminae, is a species of snake in the Colubridae family.
It is one of Australia's best-known snakes, as it is common in urban areas along the eastern coast of Australia.
It is hoped that a pair at Suzhou Zoo in China will breed.
Indeed in 1997 David Unwin determined that Zhejiangopterus was more closely related to this giant American form and thus belonged to the Azhdarchidae.
First proposed as a species by John Goode in the 1960s, it was finally described in 2006.
They have a strict diet of mice and lizards, consuming pinkies and small lizards as juveniles, and preferring large mice and lizards as adults.
It is found on different islands of the Seychelles, where it often lives near human dwellings.
Leptotyphlops longicaudus, or the long-tailed thread snake, is a species of snake in the family Leptotyphlopidae.
Madagascarophis is a genus of small, mildly venomous colubrid snakes native to the island of Madagascar.
Bothrops pirajai is a venomous pitviper species endemic to Brazil.
The tibia is only 405 millimetres long, indicating a remarkably small individual for a sauropod.
The current definition of Typhlosaurus includes five attenuate body legless lizards from southwestern Africa.
It is found in southern India and, depending on the source, Sri Lanka.
Common names: Sumatran pitviper, Sumatran tree viper, Sumatran pit viper.
Each of the highly reduced legs has three fingers.
Until 2009, it was considered a subspecies of Python molurus, but now is recognized as belonging to a distinct species.
The lateral body scales are small and more or less regular shape.
The Brigalow scaly-foot or Queensland snake-lizard is a species of lizard in the Pygopodidae family.
Sibynophis subpunctatus, commonly known as Duméril's black-headed snake or Jerdon's many-toothed snake, is a species of nonvenomous colubrid snake endemic to Bangladesh, India and Sri Lanka.
Its distribution is: Indonesia;Brunei Darussalam; Pulau Bangka, Pulau Belitung, Malaysia; Singapore.
They are often referred to as "horny toads", although they are not toads, but lizards.
The dugite  is a species of venomous, potentially lethal, snake native to Western Australia, a member of the family Elapidae.
The New Guinea snake-necked turtle is a species of turtle in the family Chelidae.
Like other dicynodonts, Endothiodon was an herbivore, but it lacked the two tusks that characterized most other dicynodonts.
Qingxiusaurus is a genus of titanosaur sauropod dinosaur from the Late Cretaceous of Guangxi, China.
Styracosaurus was a genus of herbivorous ceratopsian dinosaur from the Cretaceous Period, about 75.5 to 75 million years ago.
The last known forest skink, a captive individual named Gump, died on 31 May 2014.
Nocturnal species have an excellent night vision; their color vision is 350 times more sensitive than human color vision.
Fossils have been found in the Hampshire Basin.
Kunmingosaurus is a primitive sauropod which lived during the Early Jurassic.
It was a bipedal coelurosaurian dinosaur, a member of group of theropods that includes the Tyrannosauridae, Ornithomimidae, and Maniraptora.
Even with those activities, the elephant sanctuary is difficult to access and lacks any human settlement, making any human interference with the turtle merely opportunistic.
The name Teinurosaurus was largely forgotten or not even understood to be a synonym of Caudocoelus, until in 1969 John Ostrom revealed its priority.
Zholsuchus is a genus of crocodyliform that may have been a goniopholidid mesoeucrocodylian, but is only known from scanty material.
Huene assigned those fossils to Laplatasaurus that seemed to indicate a rather large yet at the same time elegantly built sauropod.
It is not venomous and it is the most commonly sold snake as a pet.
Pseudocalotes is a genus of agamid lizards endemic to Southeast Asia.
The generic name is derived from the Greek φαιδρός, phaidros, "elated", referring to the agility of the animal.
Cyrtodactylus malcolmsmithi, commonly known as Malcolm's bow-fingered gecko or Smith's bent-toed gecko, is a species of lizard in the family Gekkonidae.
Tropidophis haetianus jamaicensis, Southern Jamaican dwarf boa
The Anegada ground iguana or stout iguana is a critically endangered species of lizard of the genus Cyclura belonging to the family Iguanidae.
Katualis live most of their adult lives in the sea.
In 1993 and 1994 ten fossiliferous blocks were recovered, containing numerous disarticulated fossil bones and bone fragments, among them those of a pterosaur.
The species is found only in New Zealand.
It is known only from the vicinity of Visakhapatnam in Andhra Pradesh.
Causus maculatus is venomous viper species found mainly in West- and Central Africa.
The rim rock crowned snake is endemic to the United States throughout southern Florida.
Mendozasaurus is the first dinosaur named from Mendoza Province, Argentina.
Typhlops castanotus is a species of snake in the Typhlopidae family.
In 2011, it was moved to its own genus based on molecular phylogeny, but formerly it was included in Cordylus.
The common agama, red-headed rock agama, or rainbow agama is a species of lizard from the Agamidae family found in most of sub-Saharan Africa.
The rock horned lizard or Ditmars' horned lizard is a species of phrynosomatid lizard endemic to Sonora in northern Mexico, south of the Arizona border.
It is sometimes considered by hobbyists as subspecies of the corn snake, which is commonly kept as a pet.
It lives in northern Madagascar and typically inhabits different trees and houses.
The black-striped snake is a species of snake in the Elapidae family.
Commonly called bush anoles, they are found in the Caribbean and in Central and South America.
The brahminy river turtle or crowned river turtle is a species of turtle in the family Geoemydidae.
Gehyra brevipalmata, the Palau Island dtella, is a species of gecko in the genus Gehyra, native to the Palau Islands.
Lachesis muta rhombeata is a venomous pit viper subspecies endemic to the Atlantic Forest of Brazil.
Liophis is a genus of New World colubrid snakes.
It is endemic to Sulawesi in Indonesia.
Its colouration may be accompanied by a series of irregular white or grey stripes.
Ramphotyphlops acuticaudus, or the Palau blind snake, is a species of snake in the Typhlopidae family.
The subspecific name, bocourtii, is in honor of French herpetologist Marie Firmin Bocourt.
Gloydius tsushimaensis, or the Tsushima Island pitviper, is a species of venomous snake in the family Viperidae.
This and a couple of other genera, which may or may not be synonymous with Youngina, make up the family Younginidae.
Fossils of this lizard have been found in volcanic caves, where they often appear with those of other animals, like the Tenerife giant rat.
Standing's day gecko is an arboreal and diurnal species of gecko.
Also known as the Variegated Kukri or the Russell's Kukri.
Additional insular populations are found in Taiwan, Hainan, Ryukyu Islands, and Japan.
They can be olive green to grey with a cream underside.
Homonota gaudichaudii is a species of gecko endemic to the Chilean mattoral ecoregion, found chiefly in the nation of Chile.
Cnemidophorus arubensis is a species of whiptail lizard in the genus Cnemidophorus.
The gray ratsnake is one of about ten species within the Pantherophis genus of American rat snakes.
The skull looks superficially similar to those of the Pelycosaurs, in particular Varanopidae.
Brookesia micra is a species of chameleon from the island of Nosy Hara in Antsiranana, Madagascar.
The Round Island day gecko, Phelsuma guentheri, also known as Günther's gecko, is an endangered species of gecko.
This small semi-aquatic lizard measured less than a meter in length, compared to such gigantic derived mosasaurs as Tylosaurus and Mosasaurus, each exceeding 14 meters.
Clasmodosaurus was a genus of dinosaur, probably a sauropod.
As with Hyphalosaurus, S. ikoi had an extremely long, thin neck with a small head.
There may be a second, yet-unnamed, species of Parvicursor.
The remains of Teyuwasu were originally attributed by Friedrich von Huene in 1938 to the aetosaur Hoplitosuchus.
Entradasuchus is a genus of crocodyliform, an early member of the group including crocodilians.
Micrelaps vaillanti, or the Somali two-headed snake, is a species of venomous rear-fanged snake in the family Atractaspididae.
Both genera have bicuspid teeth, but unlike Meyasaurus, Pedrerasaurus has frontal bones that are not fused or constricted.
This is the type genus of the subfamily Scincinae.
All four known species are found in the Philippines.
All are fossorial and adapted to burrowing, feeding on ants and termites.
Only a semi - complete specimen is known in addition to some odd bones..
Chiayusuchus is an extinct genus of stomatosuchid crocodylomorph.
Rileyasuchus is a genus of phytosaur from the Rhaetian of England.
Its range used to include Anguilla and possibly Saint Barthélemy, but it is now extirpated from both islands.
The generic name refers to a crest, crista in Latin, on the snout.
It is one of the most common lizards in the eastern U.S. and one of the seven native species of lizards in Canada.
The gopher tortoise is a representative of the genus Gopherus, which contains the only tortoises native to North America.
In most, at least the males have horns or knobs on their noses.
By the end of the 19th century, most of the Pinta Island tortoises had been wiped out due to hunting.
Lygosoma punctata is a species of skink found in Bangladesh, India, Nepal, Pakistan, Vietnam and Sri Lanka.
Liaoceratops was much smaller than its later relatives, but offers a glimpse into the early evolution of this group of dinosaurs.
It is diurnal and typically dwells on rocks.
Currently, the flathead knob-scaled lizard does not live in a protected area.
The species is native to Tanzania and Kenya.
The generic name was derived from Greek τομός, "cutting", "sharp", and ὀδών, "tooth".
It is also called a blindworm or, regionally, a long-cripple; to distinguish it from the Peloponnese slowworm, it is also sometimes called a common slowworm.
They are viviparous, mating in spring, and giving birth to live young in mid to late summer.
It is found in most of the warm waters of the western Pacific Ocean.
Heavy brush and densely forested areas are generally avoided.
Liolaemus nigromaculatus is a species of tree iguana endemic to the Chilean matorral ecoregion within Chile.
The angulate tortoise is a species of tortoise found in dry areas and coastal scrub vegetation in South Africa.
The species is endemic to South America.
The species is named after Richard Henry Beddome, 1830–1911, British army officer and botanist.
It was formerly considered a subspecies of A. marmoratus.
Orthopus is an extinct genus of non-mammalian synapsid.
Bog turtles live for an average of 20 to 30 years in the wild.
While a terrestrial species, with its moderate size and weight it has a semi-arboreal life.
The Jamaican iguana is a large species of lizard of the genus Cyclura endemic to Jamaica.
It is believed to be among the most primitive of living tortoises, based on molecular and morphological studies.
Its natural habitats are boreal forests, temperate forests, temperate shrubland, and rocky areas.
Other species once assigned to the genus have since been reassigned elsewhere.
Phelsuma kely is a species of diurnal gecko which lives on the central east coast of Madagascar, south of Tamatave.
It was one of the top marine predators of the Late Cretaceous.
It has an average total length of 1.5 to 2 metres.
Bahamian pygmy boas have the ability to voluntarily bleed and coil into a tight ball as a defense mechanisms.
The genus Chabanaudia is monotypic, containing only one species.
Named after American herpetologist Howard K. Gloyd, this genus is very similar to the North American genus Agkistrodon.
The green skink, Oligosoma chloronoton, is a species of skink native to New Zealand.
Anthodon and Pumiliopareia share numerous and striking postcranial traits with turtles.
Liolaemus schroederi is a species of lizard in the family Iguanidae.
Jiangshanosaurus was a titanosaurian sauropod that lived approximately 105 million years ago, during the Albian stage of the Early Cretaceous.
Most of these other species' remains likely belong to better-known hadrosaurs, such as Lambeosaurus and Gryposaurus.
It is found on the Indian Ocean islands of Madagascar, Mauritius, the Comores and Pemba island.
In 1876 Seeley described the type species, Macrurosaurus semnus, making the name valid.
Its name is derived from the fact that it is often found near Buddhist temples within its range.
According to that revision, the genus Naja now includes 28 species.
Like other members of genus Draco, this species is known for its ability to glide using winglike lateral extensions of skin called patagia.
Liopeltis rappi is a species of snake in the family Colubridae.
Domeykodactylus was a genus of dsungaripteroid pterodactyloid pterosaur from the Early Cretaceous-age Quebrada de la Carreta of Antofagasta, Chile.
It is named after Richard Henry Beddome, 1830-1911, a British army officer and botanist.
Dipsas indica, also known as the Neo-tropical snail-eater, is a snake species found in South America.
Diporiphora winneckei is a small, terrestrial, diurnal lizard endemic to Australia.
Microhadrosaurus is a genus of hadrosaurid dinosaur from the Campanian or Maastrichtian-age Upper Cretaceous Yuanpu Formation of Guangdong, China.
A herbivore, it shared its environment with at least three other sauropod genera, which might have exploited different food sources in order to reduce competition.
Dromasauria was once considered to be a major group of basal anomodonts along with the infraorder Venyukovioidea.
The genus and type species was based upon ribs, vertebrae, a fore-paddle and fragments of the pectoral girdle discovered in Wyoming, USA in 1895.
Its natural habitats are temperate forests, temperate shrubland, Mediterranean-type shrubby vegetation, temperate grassland, rocky areas, sandy shores, pastureland, and plantations.
It has elongated ribs and skin flaps on the sides of its body.
Gonyosoma is a genus of colubrid snakes.
Eryx miliaris, known commonly as the Dwarf sand boa, is a species of snake in the Boidae family.
They also announced another egg was near hatching, and two additional hatchlings did not survive.
Storeria occipitomaculata, commonly known as the redbelly snake, is a species of snake endemic to North America.
It is closely related to the blunt-nosed leopard lizard, which closely resembles the long-nosed leopard lizard in body proportions, but has a conspicuously blunt snout.
Typhlops oatesii is a harmless blind snake species found in the Cocos Islands.
It typically measures approximately 30 centimeters in length and uses body undulations similar to a snake to move itself along.
The plioplatecarpines were medium-sized mosasaurs ranging from around 2.5 to 7.5 meters in length.
Furcifer campani, commonly known as the jeweled chameleon or the Madagascar forest chameleon, is a species of lizard in the family Chamaeleonidae.
Inadvertently, humans cause a large number of deaths through habitat destruction, road traffic, farming accidents, and illegal collection.
It was at first considered to have been a dyrosaurid crocodile, hence its generic name: "trough crocodile".
Mocquard's cylindrical skink is a species of skink that lives in southwestern Burkina Faso.
It is found in Indonesia, Myanmar, Malaysia, Thailand, Philippines, Cambodia, Vietnam and Singapore.
The specific name pachycephalus, meaning "thick-headed", was inspired by Bohlin's identification of the taxon as a pachycephalosaur.
The Abyssinian house snake or Ethiopian house snake, Lamprophis abyssinicus, is a small colubrid snake in the genus Lamprophis.
The type species, Blikanasaurus cromptoni, was first described by Galton and van Heerden in 1985.
The two subfamilies of Abelisauridae are Carnotaurinae, best known from the South American Carnotaurus, and Majungasaurinae, consisting of Madagascar’s Majungasaurus and its closest relatives.
Leptotyphlops natatrix, or the Gambia blind snake, is a species of snake in the family Leptotyphlopidae.
Naultinus tuberculatus, the West Coast green gecko or warty tree gecko, is a species of the family Gekkonidae.
Gary Byrd, a part-time palaeontologist, discovered some remains of this euornithopod during early 1994 at Flower Mound, Denton County, north-central Texas.
The tail is sharply turned downwards, in common with more advanced ichthyosaurs, with a small vertical fluke.
The Spider Tortoise is a species of tortoise in the Testudinidae family.
The International Union for Conservation of Nature rated the species as Near Threatened.
Typhlops annae is a species of blind snake endemic to the Caribbean island of Saint Barthélemy, an overseas collectivity of France.
It is native to Iran, Pakistan, and Afghanistan, commonly known as the spider gecko or Persian spider gecko.
Hydrodynastes gigas is a New World species of large, rear-fanged, colubrid snake endemic to South America.
Like most sauropods, it would have had a small head on the end of a long neck and an equally long tail.
The deposit is thought to have formed through the deposition of sediments in a body of water that filled a volcanic crater during the early Eocene.
Rhinotyphlops debilis is a species of snake in the Typhlopidae family.
The Anomalepididae are a family of nonvenomous snakes found in Central and South America.
They can only be found in the waters around the Australian continental shelf.
The dwarf bronze gecko is a species of lizard in the family Gekkonidae endemic to Seychelles.
The lower surface of the feet are shiny black.
Thalattosaurus meaning "ocean lizard" is an extinct genus of marine reptile in the family Thalattosauridae.
If provoked, the lowland copperhead is a dangerous snake with neurotoxic venom, which can kill an adult human if correct first aid is not applied promptly.
Astrotia stokesii, commonly known as Stokes' seasnake, is a large species of sea snake in the family Elapidae.
It also remains present, though very rare, on Grenada, Guadeloupe and Saint Lucia.
d'Entrecasteaux Archipelago, Woodlark Is., and the Louisiade Archipelago.
It lives at altitudes ranging from 150 metres to 1,000 metres above sea level.
The many-banded tree snake, Boiga multifasciata, is a species of rear-fanged colubrid.
Matoatoa brevipes is a species of gecko, a lizard in the family Gekkonidae.
It is distinguished from the nominate subspecies, B. g. gabonica, primarily by the presence of a set of large nasal "horns".
Uromastyx aegyptia is a species of lizard in the family Agamidae.
Pachygenelus had both an articular-quadrate and dentary-squamosal jaw joint characteristic of ictidosaurs.
Clutches number one or sometimes two eggs and are laid under rocks or leaves on the ground.
Lycodon osmanhilli, commonly known as the Colombo wolf snake, is a species of colubrid snake, which is endemic to Sri Lanka.
Bothrops venezuelensis, or the Venezuelan lancehead, is a species of venomous snake in the family Viperidae.
Black marsh turtles are also commonly kept as pets and as sacred animals in Southeast Asian Buddhist temples.
The species is classified as Vulnerable to threats to its survival by the IUCN Red List.
Eggs are laid in sandy beaches and hatch about 60–76 days later, with the hatchlings returning to live in the mangrove forests.
Creaser's mud turtle is a species of mud turtle in the Kinosternidae family.
Fossils of mixosaurs have been found all over the world: China, Timor, Indonesia, Italy, Germany, Spitsbergen, Switzerland, Svalbard, Canada, Alaska, and Nevada.
This species is endemic to the island of Fernando de Noronha off the coast of Brazil.
The two species are both found in Madagascar, and both classified as critically endangered on the IUCN Red List.
Liolaemus lorenzmuelleri, commonly known as Lorenz's tree iguana, is a species of lizard in the family Iguanidae.
In both very hot and very cold weather they may dwell in abandoned fox, jackal, or anteater holes.
Some species are known as forest lizards, others as "bloodsuckers" due to their red heads, and yet others as garden lizards.
It is differentiated from Carusia by having fewer, more conical shaped teeth.
It was found in limestone in Bavaria, Germany, as well as in France and the United Kingdom.
They are found mostly in the tropical regions of Africa, Asia, the Americas, and all mainland Australia and various islands.
Megalneusaurus is an extinct genus of large pliosaur that lived in the Sundance Sea during the Kimmeridgian, ~156-152 million years ago, in the Late Jurassic.
They are found in most of the Americas, including the West Indies.
Its diet consists of insects and spiders.
The difficulty in correctly identifying the source of the fossil lies in the fact that the log of the Fly does not record it.
Boulenger, in 1887 synonymized it under Mabuia punctata without comment, a position followed by H. Travassos with some doubt.
Fischer's chameleon is a species of chameleon endemic to Tanzania.
It was first named by paleontologists Randall L. Nydam, Michael W. Caldwell, and Federico Fanti in 2010, and the type species is Kleskunsaurus grandeprairiensis.
Crotalus molossus estebanensis is a venomous pitviper subspecies endemic to San Estéban Island, Mexico.
The genus Delma contains 21 valid described species, all of which are endemic to Australia.
Commonly called death adders, they are native to Australia, New Guinea and nearby islands, and are among the most venomous snakes in the world.
Boiga dendrophila, commonly called the mangrove snake or gold-ringed cat snake, is a species of rear-fanged colubrid from southeast Asia.
These animals destroyed almost the whole population and any survivors seem to have interbred with an introduced subspecies.
Lycodon travancoricus, commonly known as the Travancore wolf snake, is a species of colubrid snake.
It may be a junior synonym of Eocaiman.
Asian leaf turtles average 25 cm in length.
Apart from bobtail and shingleback, a variety of other common names are used, including stump-tailed skink, bogeye, pinecone lizard and sleepy lizard.
It was thought to have been eradicated by the mongoose.
Asiatosaurus was a genus of herbivorous sauropod dinosaur which lived during the early Cretaceous.
Gehyra australis is primarily an arboreal gecko inhabiting woodlands and coastal and riverine forests.
Young loggerheads are exploited by numerous predators; the eggs are especially vulnerable to terrestrial organisms.
Coleodactylus natalensis is a species of South American Gekkonidae.
The Iberian rock lizard is a species of lizard in the Lacertidae family.
The species are founded on the island of Príncipe in São Tomé and Príncipe.
Lampropeltis triangulum abnorma, commonly known as the Guatemalan milk snake, is a subspecies of the milk snake.
This species of snake protects a large range, and normally prefers a moist habitat in the rocky woodlands, under rotten wood of logs and stumps.
Conolophus marthae, the Galápagos pink land iguana, is a species of lizard of the family Iguanidae.
It contains five species of which there are no subspecies.
Morrosaurus is an extinct genus of herbivorous ornithischian dinosaur member of the Euornithopoda, that lived in the late Cretaceous in the Antarctica.
It is known only from a few specimens including the type series, all from the pet trade supposedly from Guangxi or Vietnam.
It includes at least 12, and possibly up to 15, species.
It can be distinguished from S. continentalis by its dorsal scales, which are smooth rather than keeled.
It has a short, wide, stumpy tail that resembles its head and may confuse predators.
The species is monotypic within the genus Trogonophis, and is endemic to North Africa in Algeria, Morocco, and Tunisia.
The Morocco lizard-fingered gecko, Saurodactylus brosseti, is a species of gecko in the Sphaerodactylidae family found in Morocco, Western Sahara, and possibly Algeria.
Darevskia is a genus of wall lizards of the family Lacertidae.
Management activities are being conducted to promote the species' recovery.
These snakes feed on moray eels and various fish that live on the seafloor, up to 110 cm in size.
It is at the base of the largest reptilian radiation that includes eosuchians, thecodonts, rhynchosaurs, pterosaurs, dinosaurs, and eventually birds.
It has a striking defensive mechanism from predators by mimicking the light and dark stripes of venomous coral snakes.
The Microlophus theresioides is a species of lava lizard endemic to the Chile.
All have relatively long, hinged fangs that permit deep penetration and injection of venom.
It is classified as a rauisuchian, a type of large carnivorous thecodontian archosaur, and was once thought to be a dinosaur.
Anguis fragilis, the slowworm, is a legless lizard native to Eurasia.
It is also known as the pygmy desert monitor.
This lizard has 9 subspecies, all living in southern Africa.
The generic name is derived from Latin tri~, "three", and mucro, "dagger point", and Greek odous, "tooth".
Tarascosaurus is a genus of, perhaps abelisaurid, theropod dinosaur from Late Cretaceous of France.
Tagarosuchus was named in 1999, with the type species being T. kulemzini.
Like other ceratopsians, this dinosaur may have been a herd animal, traveling in large groups, as suggested by bonebeds.
The Loxocemidae are a monotypic family of snakes created for the monotypic genus Loxocemus that contains the species L. bicolor found in Mexico and Central America.
They do not climb very high, relying instead on camouflage to evade predators.
It was a huge theropod, in the same size range as Tyrannosaurus and the contemporary genus Carcharodontosaurus.
Species in the genus Urosaurus can be distinguished from members of the genus Sceloporus by the presence of a gular fold and granular lateral scales.
As it likes to eat ripe fruit, it can even become a nuisance in vineyards and orchards and is thus occasionally trapped or poisoned.
The genus Niveoscincus belongs to a clade with the genera Carlia, Lampropholis and possibly others of the Eugongylus group.
Common name: Ethiopian mountain adder, small-eyed puff adder, Ethiopian viper, Ethiopian mountain viper.
All three species are typical desert inhabitants, living in sandy and dune-like areas with a hot and dry climate.
In the past they were thought to be Enhydrina schistosa, but after DNA testing are now provisionally identified as Enhydrina zweifeli.
Polemon gabonensis, or the Gaboon snake-eater, is a species of venomous rear-fanged snake in the family Atractaspididae.
The genus includes the species P. appalachianus, P. aulacodus, P. cyphodon, P. dumblianus, and P. orthodon.
The rediscovery was after over 100 years since its description.
Cryptosaurus was for a long time known as Cryptodraco, which is an unnecessary replacement name.
Like all boas and pythons, it is non-venomous and kills its prey by constriction.
Cyrtopodion scabrum is a species of gecko.
Vipera ursinii ursini , Italian meadow viper
There is one extant species, the sheltopusik, and four fossil species.
The common name refers to how it is the only blindsnake of the genus Typhlops naturally found in Europe.
The scant fossil material and the locality they were collected from lead to initial uncertainty over the nature of the fossil.
It is nocturnal but sometimes sun basks.
Previously, its only known habitats were some 1,700 km away in the Ashmore and Hibernia Reefs in the Timor Sea, from where it had since disappeared.
These turtles are aquatic and grow to over 20 in in size.
Despite this ability, the new tail is usually smaller than the original.
Leptotyphlops perreti is a species of snake in the family Leptotyphlopidae.
This phenomenon of excessive growth is known as island gigantism or insular gigantism.
Rocasaurus is a genus of titanosaurian sauropod that lived in South America about 80 million years ago, during the Late Cretaceous.
Loggerhead turtles, along with green sea turtles, are the sea turtle species that are most commonly kept in captivity.
Emys trinacris – Sicilian pond turtle 
It is a member of the subgenus Chelodina making it closely related to the Chelodina longicollis group of species.
Most distinctively, it sported two parallel rows of tall spines down its neck and back, taller than in any other known sauropod.
In 1877 Edward Drinker Cope named the type species Tichosteus lucasanus.
Hemidactylus persicus is a species of gecko found in West Asia.
Prochelidella argentinae Lapparent de Broin & de la Fuente, 2001
Traversodontoides is an extinct genus of non-mammalian synapsid.
Lampropeltis triangulum micropholis, commonly known as the Ecuradorian milk snake, is a subspecies of the milk snake.
Until November 2010, this species was grouped in the genus: Lamprophis but a paper was published by Kelly et al.
It feeds on insects and other small invertebrates.
Distinctive features of the taxon include elongate epipodial bones and the nature of the palate bones.
Its favoured habitats are grasslands, woodlands, and shrublands, and it appears to inhabit a wide range of habitats dominated by acacia and spinifex.
Ophisops elegans, commonly known as the snake-eyed lizard, is a species of lacertid lizard endemic to the Mediterranean region and Central Asia.
Its relatives include the modern Chinese crocodile lizard of southern China, the extinct Exostinus of Montana and Wyoming, and the extinct Carusia of Mongolia.
This suggests an efficient eating mechanism that may indicate a warm-blooded lifestyle.
Its skin is olive to black with red, orange, or yellow stripes on its extremities.
The Dominican ground lizard or Dominican ameiva is a lizard of the genus Ameiva.
Lined Olympic Snake - Dromophis lineatus Dumeril, Bibron & Dumeril 1854
Named after fossil collector Dr. Wilhelm Rau, Rauisuchus belonged to a group of land-dwelling relatives to crocodiles.
It was initially identified as similar to the extant Testudo calcarata.
The genus was named in 1913 on the basis of a partial lower jaw found from South Africa, with the type species being named P. monus.
Three subspecies are currently recognized, including the nominate subspecies described here.
The crowns of the teeth are not well preserved, so the diet cannot be determined with certainty.
One subspecies, Macropisthodon rudis multiprefrontalis Zhao and Jiang 1981 from Sichuan, is recognized, in addition to the nominotypical one.
Some individuals are kept in captivity in the United States and may act as a genetic resource if the gecko becomes extinct in the wild.
In Mumbai this skink has been observed in the Sanjay Gandhi national park and Aarey milk colony.
It is quite large for a ctenotus.
If the specimen called "Liassaurus" is confirmed as a synonym, Sarcosaurus would have an adult length over 6 metres.
Lerista is a diverse genus of skinks endemic to Australia, commonly known as sliders.
Ctenosaura is a lizard genus commonly known as spinytail iguanas or Ctenosaurs.
Cerataelurus is an extinct genus of non-mammalian synapsid.
Darevskia armeniaca is native to the Armenian Highland.
Southern ribbon snake is a species of garter snake.
Xenosaurus platyceps is a lizard found in the Sierra Madre Oriental of Mexico.
N. stellatus is endemic to southern Australia.
The IUCN does not consider it to be threatened.
The fire skink, also known as the true fire skink or Togo fire skink, is a fairly large skink, a type of lizard.
It is endemic to the Atlantic Forest of Brazil.
Threats to this species include habitat loss from agriculture, and the exportation of ornamental Chamaedaphne calyculata plants, conversion of habitats to pine plantations, and intentional fires.
The species is endemic to Puerto Rico.
Sternotherus odoratus is a species of small turtle native to southeastern Canada and much of the Eastern United States.
It occurs along the northeastern coast of Australia and in New Guinea.
They reach a total length of 270 mm.
Captive breeding projects are in place to help the species recover.
Palaeophis is an extinct genus of marine snake that is the type genus of the extinct snake family Palaeophiidae.
Chalcides armitagei, commonly known as Armitage's cylindrical skink, is a species of skink endemic to West Africa.
Bedriaga's fringe-fingered lizard is a species of lizard in the Lacertidae family.
Erythrolamprus ocellatus, commonly known as the Tobago false coral, is a species of colubrid snake, which is endemic to the island of Tobago.
It has been considered a nomen dubium in a 2016 review.
It was a large genus, exceeding 6 m in length.
Chionactis is a genus of snakes known as the shovelnose snakes.
Typhlops richardii, commonly known as Richard's blind snake or Richard's worm snake, is a species of snake in the family Typhlopidae.
As of 2014, six species were recognized.
Cemophora coccinea lineri, commonly known as the Texas scarlet snake, is a subspecies of nonvenomous colubrid snake endemic to the United States.
Cordylus meculae, the Mecula girdled lizard, is a third species from the Rhodesian girdled lizard complex, and was described from Serra Mecula in northern Mozambique.
It was initially described in 1995 by Raxworthy and Nussbaum.
They live in burrows they excavate themselves, especially under fallen logs.
Arthur Smith Woodward sunk it into Meiolania, but this was not accepted by later authors.
It is known from scattered tail vertebrae discovered in the Lameta Formation.
Echiopsis is a genus of snake in the Elapidae family.
Podarcis carbonelli, commonly known as Carbonell's wall lizard, is a species of lizard in the family Lacertidae.
It occurs at elevations of 1,600–2,650 m, and can be found in pine–oak and cloud forests of lower montane wet forests.
A species, A. africana, was found in Morocco, and described in 2002 by Tong & Hirayama.
Two-toed Snake Skink, Nessia didactyla, also known as Two-toed nessia, is a species of skink endemic to island of Sri Lanka.
The subfamily can be divided into a number of genus groups.
Most researchers today consider it a nomen dubium.
It is an opportunistic feeder that uses behavioral tongue flicking to detect prey.
The eastern brown snake, often referred to as the common brown snake, is a species of venomous elapid snake of the genus Pseudonaja.
This gentle, harmless snake is by far the most common water snake in southern Africa.
Galton in 1976 referred it to Lufengosaurus as a juvenile version, but Dong Zhiming referred it to Anchisaurus in 1992.
It has no limbs, like most members of the subfamily Acontinae.
Liolaemus hellmichi, commonly known as Hellmich's tree iguana, is a species of lizard in the family Iguanidae.
They are found mainly in Indonesia and Australia.
This lizard reaches a total length of 20 cm, and feeds primarily on small invertebrates such as insects, arachnids, and snails.
An cladistic analysis found that Zuoyunlong had a basal position in the Hadrosauroidea, as sister taxon of Probactrosaurus.
It is only found on the islands Corsica and Sardinia.
The Eublepharinae subfamily is unique in that it is the only gecko family with eyelids.
The generic name refers to Ohmden, a town in Baden-Württemberg near the quarry the remains were probably found in.
The species grows to 35 mm in snout–vent length.
Holbrookia propinqua is a species of phrynosomatid lizard.
Crotalus ruber lorenzoensis is a venomous pitviper subspecies endemic to San Lorenzo Sur Island, Mexico.
This turtle lives in smallstreams, marshes and ponds.
Microlophus pacificus, the common Pacific iguana, is a species of lava lizard endemic to the Galapagos island of Pinta.
This makes Barapasaurus one of the most completely known sauropods from the early Jurassic.
In Japanese it is known as the aodaishō or "blue general".
The reason for those changes is an attempt to divide the vast genus Mabuya in a few smaller genera.
The genus is absent on Great Nicobar Island, with its southern most occurrence on the Island of Kondul.
Philochortus zolii is a species of lacertid lizard in the family Lacertidae.
Enhydrina zweifeli snakes are found from New Guinea to Australia.
Uropeltis melanogaster, or Gray's earth snake, is a species of small snake in the family Uropeltidae, endemic to Sri Lanka.
It is in the monotypic genus Dipsina.
Additionally, the status of the hard disk drive will be monitored by constantly checking the so-called critical SMART attributes.
Snakes of the genus Alsophis are small and rear-fanged snakes, and they are considered harmless to humans.
Eurylepis taeniolatus, the alpine Punjab skink, is a species of skink found in Central Asia and West Asia.
Friedrich von Huene assigned the animal to Protorosauria in 1948 as the smallest known member of the group, finding it to be most like Macrocnemus.
Underwoodisaurus sphyrurus is a species of lizard in the family Gekkonidae.
It is known from the holotype UFRGS PV 1030 T, a partial skull, recovered from the middle section of the Caturrita Formation, in paleorrota geopark.
Cyrtodactylus nigriocularis is a gecko endemic to southern Vietnam.
The individual was small, approximately 20 centimetres long, although it may have been very young.
They are mildly venomous with rear fangs and also can constrict their prey, which consists of mostly lizards and bats.
The tail length can be equal to the length of the body from snout to the anus.
Sceloporus aurantius is a species of phrynosomatid lizard native to Mexico.
Because of this, and its docile nature, it is generally not regarded as very dangerous.
It is therefore not part of Dactyloidae and instead is included in the family Iguanidae and its subfamily, Polychrotinae.
In 1983 Estes listed the material as Lacertilia incertae sedis.
When standing still, it resembles a leaf on a branch.
Simon's desert racer is a species of lizard in the family Lacertidae.
Turtle excluder devices have been implemented in efforts to reduce mortality by providing an escape route for the turtles.
Clevosaurus possibly ate plants as well as insects, as suggested by the form of the teeth.
The type species, N. stromeri, was named in 1937.
Like other Cacophis species, the Golden Crowned-snake is a forest specialist, particularly rainforest.
They are characterised by a white strip starting at their nose and leading down their neck, as well as a more rigged shell.
Despite its modest size, it is a highly aggressive animal, and potentially dangerous to humans.
Rankinia is a genus containing three species of small agamid reptiles, commonly known as heath dragons, found in Australia.
Puntanipterus was a genus of ?dsungaripterid pterodactyloid pterosaur from the Upper Jurassic-Lower Cretaceous La Cruz Formation of San Luis, Argentina.
Common names: Cook's tree boa, Cooke's tree boa.
The specific name is derived from the Greek word for king, basiliskos, and alludes to this snake's large size and potent venom.
The species is endemic to Chile, with endemic occurrence noted in the Chilean matorral.
Some varieties are known as "moccasins" or "moccasin snakes", such as Agkistrodon piscivorus, the water moccasin.
Doumergue's fringe-fingered lizard is a species of lizard in the Lacertidae family.
The type species, T. taqueti, was described by Eric Buffetaut in 1974.
Black-spined snake which was once in the genus Haplocercus is now added to this genus.
The East Canary gecko or Canary wall gecko is a species of lizard in the family Gekkonidae.
Recent taxonomic work suggests that most of these should be considered as separate species.
This article is about a single species of tortoise.
A white spotted version is the recessive trait, and a white "V" pattern is the dominant trait.
From April to June they breed, with the young emerging as early as late May.
Leiocephalus carinatus, commonly known as the northern curly-tailed lizard, is a species of lizard in the family Leiocephalidae.
Ovophis monticola zayuensis, Zayuan mountain pit viper
These are slender lizards with long tails, narrow tapered heads and long thin toes, and stout legs.
The type species, H. cruxenti, has been found in the Urumaco Formation in Venezuela.
Lophognathus species are slender, slightly compressed, agamid lizards that are often found in trees.
Member species of the genus Menetia are endemic to Australia.
Ramphotyphlops wiedii is a species of snake in the family Typhlopidae.
The species is sexually dimorphic with the males being considerably larger with impressive red markings on the head around the lower jaw.
Tropidophis wrighti, commonly known as the gracile banded dwarf boa or Wright's dwarf boa, is a species of snake in the family Tropidophiidae.
Rhinotyphlops rufescens is a species of snake in the Typhlopidae family.
Granulatus refers to the granular texture of the skin.
Individual F. leucobalia reach up to a meter in length, and are brown or gray in color with a white belly.
Atractaspis boulengeri, or the Central African burrowing asp, is a species of venomous snake in the Atractaspididae family.
Seeley thought that Cryptosaurus was a relative of Iguanodon, the first such discovered from the Oxford Clay — hence the generic name.
Two-lined Ground Skink Scincella bilineata is a species of skink.
Caseoides was heavily built creature, as are most of the Caseids.
The "Mesosuchia" were formerly placed at Suborder rank as within Crocodylia.
It is found in a variety of habitats, including acacia and eucalyptus woodlands, and on house walls, also in urban areas.
It is one of five species in the genus Nilssonia.
One similar species, Dryophiops rubescens exists in Thailand and Malaysia.
Bienotherium had four incisors, no canines, and back molar-like teeth, which it used to chew tough plant material.
The type species, Chubutisaurus insignis, was described by del Corro in 1975.
Dashanpusaurus is an extinct genus of sauropod dinosaur that lived during the middle of the Jurassic period.
Apart from skeletal elements also plates, spines and scutes have been found.
At one time, the type specimen of Heleosuchus, was thought to be lost.
It belongs to the indicus group of the subgenus Euprepiosaurus.
Kuroiwa's ground gecko, or the Okinawan ground gecko, is a species of lizard in the family Gekkonidae.
Iberolacerta horvathi has a wider geographic range, being distributed in Central Europe.
The International Union for Conservation of Nature has rated its conservation status as "critically endangered".
The green water snake is a common species of nonvenomous natricine snake endemic to the southeastern United States.
The striking color of adult males and their curious nature endear them to many tourists.
There are eight described species in the genus Ptychozoon.
Previously described as a subspecies of A. wattsi, it was elevated to species level in 1990.
The rainbow whiptail is a species of lizard found in Central America, the Caribbean, and northern South America.
They can also be found in warm waters of Atlantic ocean.
Asiaceratops is a genus of herbivorous ceratopsian dinosaur.
It is part of the A. carolinensis clade of anoles.
Common names include the hump-nosed viper, Merrem's hump-nosed viper and others listed below at § Common names.
Micrurus tener is a species of venomous elapid snake.
Carsosaurus was a genus of mosasauroid from the Late Cretaceous period.
The name Alanqa comes from the Arabic word العنقاء al-‘anqā’, for a Phoenix similar to the Simurgh of Persian mythology.
It has a distinct head, elongated snout, and keeled ventral scales; Its dark-brown dorsal side has transverse arrangement of light and dark variegations.
When A. heterozonata detects chemical signals it increases the number and rate of tongue flicks that it exhibits.
The Cape Grass Lizard, also known as the Cape Snake Lizard or the Highland Grass Lizard, is a species of lizard in the genus Chamaesaura.
A possible second clutch is laid in September.
The species is endemic to northern Africa and southern Spain.
S. getmanovi has teeth that are heavily abraded, suggesting plant material of high silica content.
Their bodies are long and flat with short limbs and a very long tail.
Boiga cynodon, commonly known as the dog-toothed cat snake, is a nocturnal species of rear-fanged colubrid snake endemic to Asia.
Trimeresurus vogeli is a venomous pitviper species native to Southeast Asia.
It was regarded by recent authors as a subspecies of Blanus strauchi.
Atractaspis leucomelas, or the Ogaden burrowing asp, is a species of venomous snake in the Atractaspididae family.
Rhinoclemmys is a turtle genus in the family Geoemydidae, the only genus in the subfamily Rhinoclemmydinae.
The type species, Nanyangosaurus zhugeii, was described by Xu Xing, Zhao Xijin, Lü Junchang, Huang Wanbo, Li Zhanyang and Dong Zhiming in 2000.
The second metatarsal, 222 millimetres long, is very reduced and narrow.
Common names: brown water python, water python.
The Mexican musk turtle or narrow-bridged musk turtle is a species of turtles in the Kinosternidae family.
Threats to this species are posed by deforestation and illegal pet trade.
Sibynophis is a genus of colubrid snakes, commonly called many-toothed snakes, which together with Scaphiodontophis make up the subfamily Sibynophiinae.
Hemibungarus is a monotypic genus of venomous elapid snakes, one of several known commonly as Asian coral snakes or oriental coral snakes.
Six subspecies are currently recognized, including the nominotypical subspecies, Pituophis catenifer catenifer, described here.
Substantial morphological variation is evident within O. n. nigriplantare, potentially indicating morphological evolution following its colonization of the Chatham Islands.
Males have a larger crest on their back than the females.
It is one of the two most commonly found species used for divination that have been recovered from Shang dynasty sites.
The museum specimens taken to Europe were credited to him, and only later were the animals found to have come from New Zealand.
In 1890 Karl Alfred von Zittel recombined this with Goniopholis into a Goniopholis felix, but today this is generally rejected.
Growing 20–23 cm in length, the species is an overall brown color, but has dark stripes on its back.
The Ouachita map turtle or Sabine map turtle is a species of turtle endemic to the United States.
Agama is both the genus name of a group of small, long-tailed, insectivorous Old World lizards as well as a common name for these lizards.
Its common names are Truong Son pit viper and Quang Binh pitviper.
It is found in Algeria, Morocco, Tunisia, and possibly Libya.
The Myanmar brown leaf turtle is a species of Asian leaf turtle found in Myanmar.
Brookesia is a genus of chameleons, endemic to Madagascar, that range from small to very small in size, and are known collectively as leaf chameleons.
Generic name and specific name in combination refer to the Jin-Shidai Company that exploits the Jurassic World Park near the site.
Faxinalipterus is a genus of vertebrate, possibly a pterosaur, from the Late Triassic Caturrita Formation of southern Brazil.
The bullsnake is a large nonvenomous colubrid snake.
But the island, which was its habitat, was destroyed when Port Mahon was rebuilt.
Lycodon gammiei, commonly known as Gammie's wolf snake, is a species of nonvenomous colubrid endemic to northern India.
Although this turtle doesn’t have a wide range it can be common at some sites.
After re-evaluating the fossils, however, he decided they were distinct from Iguanodon.
Macrovipera lebetina transmediterranea is a venomous viper subspecies endemic to North Africa.
Rattlesnakes are a group of venomous snakes of the genera Crotalus and Sistrurus of the subfamily Crotalinae.
The Antilles leaf-toed gecko is a gecko species found in northern South America, where it is restricted to lowland areas.
Three subspecies are currently recognized including the nominate subspecies described here.
Leptotyphlops macrurus, or Boulenger's blind snake, is a species of snake in the family Leptotyphlopidae.
It is placed in the subgenus Odatria.
Teleosaurus was an extinct genus of teleosaurid crocodyliform that lived during the Middle Jurassic.
It lives on open land and often takes cover in rocky areas.
The western skink is a species of small, smooth-scaled lizard with relatively small limbs.
Ferganasaurus was a genus of dinosaur first formally described in 2003 by Alifanov and Averianov.
Segisaurus is a genus of small coelophysoid theropod dinosaur, that measured approximately 1 metre in length.
It feeds mostly on small mammals and bird and, as with other pythons, it constricts its prey before swallowing it whole.
It was a very small long) perhaps vulcanodontid sauropod which lived in Germany.
The rustyhead snake is a species of snake in the family Colubridae.
Causus rhombeatus is a venomous viper species endemic to subsaharan Africa.
Five other specimens were later found at different points in time, with mostly skulls being found.
The ilium has a length of seventy-seven centimetres and is elongated with a convex upper profile.
Chalcidoseps thwaitesi, also known as Thwaites' skink, is a species of skink, a lizard in the family Scincidae.
Antaresia perthensis is a species of snake found in Western Australia.
The family Notochampsidae is now known as Protosuchidae
Crotalus ruber lucansensis, San Lucan diamond rattlesnake
It occurs in several protected areas, and there are no major threats to this species.
The authors of the 2002 paper considered Vinialesaurus distinct enough from Cryptocleidus to warrant its own genus, but it was broadly similar to Cryptocleidus.
Papuascincus is a genus of skinks endemic to New Guinea.
Calliophis maculiceps, commonly known as the speckled coral snake or the small-spotted coral snake, is a species of venomous elapid snake endemic to Southeast Asia.
Rhinotyphlops leucocephalus is a species of snake in the Typhlopidae family.
Eilenodon is a Late Jurassic genus of sphenodont reptile from the Morrison Formation of western North America, present in stratigraphic zone 4.
It is the only lizard species found on the island.
The Colombian slider is turtle belonging to the Trachemys genus of the family Emydidae found in Colombia and Venezuela.
The Iberian worm lizard or European worm lizard is a species of reptile in the family Blanidae of the suborder Amphisbaenidae.
The common and adaptable species occurs in a variety of habitat types at middle to high altitudes.
Uropeltis ruhunae is a species of snake in the family Uropeltidae.
Macrodontophion is the name given to a dubious genus of lophotrocozoan from the Early Devonian of Ukraine.
It is easily distinguished from others in the Rieppeleon genus by the presence of a "beard" below the mouth, consisting of a few raised scales.
These eggs have a long incubation time, up to 115 days.
Tropidophis pardalis, or the leopard dwarf boa or spotted brown trope, is a species of snake in the Tropidophiidae family.
The ornate day gecko, Cnemaspis ornata, is a species of gecko found in southern India.
Some have been reported to come on command; they can also be house-broken.
Lankascincus deignani, commonly known as Deignan's Lanka skink, is a species of skink endemic to the island of Sri Lanka.
The species' natural habitat is restricted to the central coast of Peru, between the regions of Ica and Ancash.
Amphibolurus is a genus of lizards native to Australia.
Like other homalopsines, F. leucobalia bears live young.
The specific name is derived from the Latin nigro and viridis in reference to its distinctive color pattern.
The generic name Fresnosaurus honors Fresno County, while the specific name honors Arthur Drescher.
Most researchers consider Protognathosaurus to be a nomen dubium.
Pseudoxenodon macrops, commonly known as the large-eyed bamboo snake or the Chinese false cobra, is a species of venomous rear-fanged snake endemic to Asia.
It lives in large colonies, on rocky crags and outcrops, as well as on mountain summits.
While this specimen hails from the same locality, it was actually procured by the museum eight years prior, in 1993.
Coluber constrictor flaviventris, commonly known as the eastern yellowbelly racer, is a subspecies of racer, a nonvenomous, colubrid snake.
It lives on low trees and bushes and eats insects and fruit.
Paroedura is a genus of geckos, endemic to Madagascar and the Comoros.
Public awareness of this animal was increased in early 2006 when Tracy Ford, considering it a validly established taxon, published a short article on reconstructing it.
It can also be found on small rocks and islets offshore of Saint Lucia, Trinidad, and Tobago, though it is absent from the main islands.
The robust skink, Oligosoma alani, is a large, rare species of skink endemic to New Zealand.
Common names: horned viper, long-nosed viper, nose-horned viper, sand viper, more.
Currently, two subspecies are recognized, including the nominate subspecies described here.
In some Aboriginal languages, the sand goanna is called bungarra, a term commonly used by non-Aboriginal people in Western Australia, too.
Scales on the throat and belly of Limpopo girdled lizards are smooth instead of keeled.
A third species, the Hoan Kiem turtle, has been proposed as a species.
Rhinophis sanguineus, commonly known as the salty earth snake, is a species of uropeltid snake found in the Western Ghats of India.
Uropeltis myhendrae, commonly known as Boulenger's earth snake or the Myhendra Mountain Uropeltis, is a species of snake in the family Uropeltidae.
Victoria river red-faced turtle, Emydura victoriae, Gray 1841
Tropidophorus thai, commonly known as Thai water skink, is a species of skink found in Thailand and Burma.
Lycodon solivagus, also known as the Common wolf snake, is a species of colubrid snake found on Luzon Island in the Philippines.
Sphaerodactylus elegans elegans Macleay, 1834 — Cuba
Despite its large size, the Orinoco crocodile rarely poses a threat to humans, despite several reports.
Pliogonodon is an extinct genus of crocodylomorph.
Conolophus pallidus is a species of lizard in the family Iguanidae.
Dary's burrowing snake is a species of snake in the family Colubridae.
They are largely characterized by having a domed shell, which is hinged at the bottom, allowing the animal to close its shell tightly to escape predators.
The forest cobra, also commonly called the black cobra and the black and white-lipped cobra, is a species of venomous snake in the family Elapidae.
Reliance on human habitation has thus contributed to their proliferation, similar to rodents.
Diplolaemus leopardinus, commonly known as the leopard iguana or the leopard grumbler, is a species of lizard native to the southern tip of South America.
They feed on insects, invertebrates, small mammals, reptiles and birds, as well as fish and sometimes fruit.
The Malayan flat-shelled turtle is a species of turtle found in Southeast Asia.
It was a stegosaur found in Sichuan, China.
The International Union for Conservation of Nature has rated them as critically endangered.
It feeds on small mammals, birds, and lizards.
Its natural habitat is elevated rocky areas.
It typically inhabits trees and can also be found near human dwellings.
Like all elasmosaurid plesiosaurs, it probably ate small bony fish, belemnites, and ammonites.
Rhacheosaurus is an extinct genus of marine crocodyliform belonging to the family Metriorhynchidae.
The Himalayan agama is an agamid lizard found in Central Asia and South Asia.
The Namaqua plated lizard is a species of lizard in the Gerrhosauridae family.
It is named after Friedrich Boie or his brother Heinrich Boie, German naturalists.
Ameiva cineracea, the Guadeloupe ameiva, was a species of Teiidae lizard that was endemic to Guadeloupe.
The earliest known turtles are from fossils in the Upper Triassic.
It is found in Thailand and Malaysia.
They are closely related to the yellow-footed tortoise from the Amazon Basin.
Common names: Aruba rattlesnake, Aruba island rattlesnake, Cascabel.
Acontias gracilicauda, the slendertail lance skink, is a species of skink found in the Republic of South Africa.
Corallus annulatus is a non-venomous boa species found in Central and South America.
The species is endemic to Central America.
The type species Fenghuangopterus lii was in 2010 described and named by Lü Junchang e.a.
Astrochelys is a genus of tortoises in the family Testudinidae.
The La Gomera giant lizard is a lacertid species that can be found on the island of La Gomera, one of the Canary Islands.
The subspecies have strikingly different appearances, and many of them have their own common names.
The graceful chameleon is a species of chameleon native to sub-Saharan Africa.
Its fossils were found in the Callovian-age Hiccles Cove Formation of Melville Island, Canada, one of the islands in the Canadian Arctic Archipelago.
The genus is endemic to Sub-Saharan Africa.
Emydochampsa is an extinct genus of non-mammalian synapsid.
It is found in southern Alabama and western Florida, in rivers which drain into Escambia Bay.
Specimens from Yunnan have been described as the subspecies Plagiopholis nuchalis kunmingensis.
It may have been possible for this species to outpace and escape large predators such as Dimetrodon.
The family Nikkasauridae also includes the Reiszia genus with two species described by Ivahnenko in 2000 from the same sediment.
Sapheosaurus was a sphenodontid of the suborder Homoeosauria, although its skull was longer and narrower than that of Homoeosaurus.
Because the fragmentary remains provide little diagnostic value, the genus is now considered a nomen dubium.
Aparallactus modestus, or the western forest centipede-eater, is a species of venomous rear-fanged snake in the Atractaspididae family,
Atractaspis engdahli, or Engdahl's burrowing asp, is a species of venomous snake in the Atractaspididae family.
Typhlops zenkeri is a species of snake in the Typhlopidae family.
Ramphotyphlops broomi is a species of nonvenomous snake in the Typhlopidae family.
Lycophidion irroratum is a species of snake in the family Lamprophiidae.
The genus is known only from a single tooth and is thus considered indeterminate.
Gallotia goliath is an extinct giant lizard species from the island of Tenerife of the Canary Islands, Spain.
Morunasaurus is a genus of lizards in the reptile subfamily Hoplocercinae.
Caririemys was the fifth unique testudine genus to have been described from fossils found in the Romualdo Member section of the geologic formation.
They are very agile and are often found in arid areas.
DNA test have shown they are not related to Enhydrina schistosa.
From head to base of tail, they are about 2–3 inches long, a very small dwarf gecko.
The type species Sauroplites scutiger was named and described by Bohlin in 1953.
The dorsal pattern varies from red to brown to gray, with dark spots or lines.
The Socotran chameleon lives in dense shrubland, along wadis, and sometimes in palm plantations.
It gives a red resin known as dragon's blood.
The lesser black krait is a species of venomous elapid snake found in India, Bangladesh, and Nepal.
Oxyrhopus guibei is a species of colubrid snake.
Sauroplites is a genus of herbivorous ankylosaurian dinosaur from the Early Cretaceous of China.
Over 100 species are placed in this diverse genus.
It belongs to the monotypic genus, Malaclemys.
The Blotched snake, a member of the Colubrinae subfamily of the family Colubridae, is a nonvenomous snake found in Eastern Europe.
They are commonly called Caprivi rough-scaled lizards as they are largely found in southwestern Africa on the border of the Caprivi Strip.
Lapitiguana impensa is an extinct giant iguanid from Fiji.
Its scientific name was named after the Malagasy word hafahafa, which means "bizarre" or "strange".
It is named in honour of the location of its habitat, the Nevis Valley.
Bothriopsis taeniata is a species of pit viper found in the equatorial forests of South America.
The species is endemic to the islands of Skyros and Piperi, Greece.
Typhlops bibronii, commonly known as Bibron's blind snake, is a species of snake in the Typhlopidae family.
Common names: white-lipped island pit viper, Lesser Sunda pit viper, Sunda Island pit viper
Its type locality is within the Cát Tiên National Park, and the species was named after the park.
Blanus is a genus of amphisbaenians found in the Mediterranean region of Europe and North Africa.
Chasmatosuchus was formerly assigned to Proterosuchidae, but a 2016 cladistic analysis by Martin Ezcurra couldn't confidently place the species of Chasmatosuchus within Proterosuchidae.
The specific name, prudentis, refers to Presidente Prudente Municipality, where the holotype was found.
This gecko was first described by Bavay in 1869.
They are brown, grey, or green, and typically seen at low levels in bushes, or on the ground among grasses or leaf litter.
Males have a blue-green body with a light brown head.
The species' natural habitats are temperate forests, temperate shrubland, Mediterranean-type shrubby vegetation, sandy shores, rural gardens, and urban areas.
Rhynchocalamus is a genus of snakes of the family Colubridae.
It has a trunk length up to 258 mm, with a tail up to 44 mm long.
Named for the Native American Hopi tribe, which inhabits the region, its range overlaps that of the dominate subspecies and some interbreeding is believed to occur.
The Chaco side-necked turtle or Chaco sideneck turtle is a species of turtle in the Chelidae family.
The rough green snake is docile, often allowing close approach by humans, and seldom bites.
The genus is based solely on teeth.
It is a recently described species still known from three specimens only.
The Massachusetts wildlife preserve foundation has started to repopulate the turtles by placing them in many south-eastern Massachusetts ponds.
The subgenus was described in 1985 by Wells & Wellington but was not recognized until recently when it was shown that the name was valid.
The Indian Kangaroo Lizard is a species of agamid lizard found in south India.
This species is implicated in more than 50% of all bites caused by sea snakes, as well as the majority of envenomings and fatalities.
He tentatively described the genus as a lizard, noting that it could instead be a frog.
The species is native to the eastern and southeastern regions of Asia.
Imantodes is a genus of colubrid snakes commonly referred to as blunt-headed vine snakes or blunt-headed tree snakes.
It is found in Albania, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Croatia, Italy, Serbia and Montenegro, and Slovenia.
Its multiple adaptations for camouflage help to minimize its shadow.
Originally there were thought to be nine species, but this was reduced down to just 3 species.
New material from Europe permitted Susan Evans to reevaluate it as an early choristodere in 1989.
Its large and powerful jaws serve as an effective tool for dismantling its prey.
This snake possesses a vestigial pelvic girdle that is visible as a pair of cloacal spurs.
diagnosed the Halsaurinae as all mosasaurs more closely related to Halisaurus than Moanasaurus.
The groups of snakes represented here include rattlesnakes, lanceheads, and Asian pit vipers.
Web-footed geckos use various clicks, squeaks, croaks, and other sounds to frighten attackers.
Goronyosaurus nigeriensis is a 6-8 meter long species of crocodile-like mosasaur from the Late Cretaceous Dukamaje Formation of Sokoto State, Niger and northwestern Nigeria.
The species is endemic to the Horn of Africa.
The first species Broom discovered, Bauria cynops, was a reasonably complete skull, but according to the first description somewhat poorly preserved, and apparently equally poorly prepared.
They have unusually long, slender bodies, giving them a strong resemblance to snakes.
The authors consider the earlier named genus Bogolubovia to be a nomen dubium that in fact might be identical to Volgadraco.
They are found in the Horn of Africa and in the southern part of the Arabian peninsula.
Because the sacrum's current location is unknown, it was not analyzed and considered an indeterminate sauropod until its rediscovery.
Females, and presumably also males, in more northern populations mature later and at a larger size than in more southern populations.
The word Haemodracon consist of Ancient Greek: αἷμα meaning "blood", and dracon meaning "dragon".
Lack of human consumption due to the species' small size and its wide range explain why scientists are not concerned about this turtle species.
It had a long, slender, body, with a sinuous tail that would have helped propel it through the water.
No confirmed sightings were reported again until 1998, when it was observed by forestry employees.
Tropidophis caymanensis schwartzi, Cayman Brac Island dwarf boa
Nanyangosaurus is a genus of herbivorous ornithischian dinosaur belonging to Hadrosauroidea that lived in the Late Cretaceous of present-day Henan Province, China.
The turtle is primarily terrestrial and eats a wide variety of plants and animals.
The species is specific to northern Australia in northwest Queensland and northeast Northern Territory.
They are found only in the Philippines.
The green anaconda, also known as the common anaconda and water boa, is a non-venomous boa species found in South America.
Giant Leaf-toed Gecko Hemidactylus giganteus is a species of gecko found in India.
Eutropis beddomii, commonly known as Beddome's skink, is a species of skink endemic to India and Sri Lanka.
Amphiesma andreae, commonly known as Andrea's keelback, is a species of nonvenomous colubrid snake endemic to Southeast Asia.
The preserved maxillae have length of about twelve centimetres.
The species is endemic to North Africa.
It is also known as the Pacific house gecko, the Asian house gecko, house lizard, or Moon Lizard.
The S. girardi material was reclassified by Eric Buffetaut as cf.
In Mexico, they are commonly called "víbora de uña," or "nail viper."
It was first identified in 1966 by James R. Dixon.
Drymarchon melanurus erebennus, commonly known as the Texas indigo snake, is a large, nonvenomous, colubrid snake native to Texas and Mexico.
Atractaspis bibronii is a venomous snake species found in Africa.
Crotalus oreganus concolor is a venomous pit viper subspecies found in the western United States.
Three diplodactylid genera have recently been split into multiple new genera 
Temperature during incubation is the determinant of sex in the young.
The specimen found measures 2.5 metres in length.
Wakinosaurus was initially described as a megalosaurid but is today considered a nomen dubium and an indeterminate neotheropod.
These largely fossorial snakes are the smallest of all species within the genus Lampropeltis, usually ranging from 40 to 50 cm at maturity.
Kotasaurus is a genus of sauropod dinosaur from the Early Jurassic period.
The name platyceratops is derived from Greek, and means "flat horned face".
Janetaescincus is a genus of burrowing skinks endemic to the Seychelles.
Hawksbill shells slightly change colors, depending on water temperature.
The Bridled Mabuya lives in open sandy or stony soil with little grass or bushy vegetation.
Anderson's Mabuya or Nine-keeled Skink Eutropis novemcarinata is a species of skink found in Asia.
Irwin's turtle is a species of Australian turtle.
It has been found in the Santa Maria Formation, in the Geopark of Paleorrota, Brazil.
The generic name meaning 'delicate lizard', refers to the nature of the skull, with large openings separated by thin bony struts.
It is usually placed in the monotypic subfamily Feylininae.
The species is endemic to the Nicobar Islands of India.
The authors assigned Traukutitan to the Titanosauridae; it is a possible member of the Lognkosauria.
They are primarily distinguished from other lizards by their characteristic, paired flower petal-like skin extensions on their fingers and toes.
The species is endemic to Central Africa and West Africa.
The Seychelles house snake is a species of snake in the family Colubridae.
It is a plesiomorphic, small chameleon from the Ruo Gorge forest on Mount Mulanje in Malawi.
Tropidophis haetianus stullae, Portland Ridge dwarf boa
The species is endemic to South Asia.
It was described by Jason R. Bourque in 2012.
Hesperosuchus was once believed to an ancestor of later carnosaurian dinosaurs due to similarities in skull and neck anatomy along with the presence of hollow bones.
Strophurus is a genus of lizards in the family Gekkonidae.
It is native to Asia and some Pacific Islands.
Plectrurus aureus, commonly known as the Kerala burrowing snake or Kerala shieldtail, is a species of uropeltid snake endemic to India.
Three subspecies are currently recognized, including the nominate subspecies described here.
Tribolonotus ponceleti is a species of lizard in the family Scincidae.
The she-oak skink is a large, long-tailed, snake-like skink endemic to Tasmania, Australia.
It is also found in the coastal Queensland Rivers and the Cooper Creek Ecosystem, along with Fraser Island.
Its remains come from the Upper Triassic of Europe.
Its remains were discovered in 1996 in the Anacleto Formation, dating to the Santonian stage.
Cantor's giant softshell turtle or Asian giant softshell turtle is a species of freshwater turtle native to Southeast Asia.
The Uropeltidae are a family of primitive, nonvenomous, burrowing snakes endemic to peninsular India and Sri Lanka.
Common names: blunt-nosed viper, Lebetine viper, Levant viper, more.
They occur in a variety of habitat, including sand dunes and arid regions, but frequently near watercourses.
If approached too closely, they generally run in short bursts and stop abruptly to confuse the predator's visual acuity.
It is a member of the subgenus Lacertinae, and the tribe Acanthodactylus.
The desert death adder is a species of snake native to Australia and is one of the most venomous land snakes in the world.
The Colubroidea are a superfamily in the suborder Serpentes.
It also lives in open, dry forest and bushland.
Adults grow 15–20 cm in length from the nose to tip of the tail.
Their diet is mainly ants and termites.
It was described by the German herpetologist Robert Mertens.
It consists of the back of the skull, which was flat and elongated.
Chironius laurenti is a species of nonvenomous colubrid snake found in Brazil and Bolivia.
It is known from a large almost complete skeleton from the Upper Lias of Württemberg, Germany.
A relatively small and slender species, its most distinctive characteristic is that it lacks a rattle.
Lissemys is a genus of turtles of the family Trionychidae.
Hypnale nepa, the Sri Lankan hump-nosed viper, is a venomous pitviper species endemic to Sri Lanka where it is known as මූකලන් තෙලිස්සා in Sinhala.
A 2009 study by Fabio Dalla Vecchia, which analyzed the relationships within the family Campylognathoididae, found that Raeticodactylus is very closely related to Caviramus.
Typhlops rostellatus, known commonly as the Puerto Rican wetland blind snake, is a species of snake in the Typhlopidae family.
Amphiesma leucomystax, commonly known as the white-lipped keelback, is a species of nonvenomous natricine snake found in central Vietnam, Cambodia, and Laos.
It is also known as White’s ridged-tailed monitor or White's dwarf goanna.
It is commonly called the cat gecko because of its habit of curling up with its tail around itself when it sleeps, similar to a cat.
The species is endemic to the United States, in southern California.
Psammodynastes pictus, the painted mock viper, is a species of snake.
Holbrookia lacerata subcaudalis, commonly known as the southern spot-tailed earless lizard, is a subspecies of Holbrookia lacerata, the spot-tailed earless lizard.
It was initially described as a basal ornithischian dinosaur, but was redescribed as a non-dinosaurian archosaur by Irmis et al..
Eunectes beniensis is a nonvenomous boa species found in northeastern parts Beni Province of Bolivia, It is endemic to Bolivia.
Calamaria is a large genus of dwarf burrowing snakes of the family Colubridae.
The ocelot gecko is a nocturnal ground-dwelling gecko found in leaf litter in Madagascar forests, and is also a popular pet.
The wood turtle can also be found in forests and grasslands, but will rarely be seen more than several hundred meters from flowing water.
Originally endemic to Barbados, it has since been introduced to Saint Lucia and Bermuda.
Brachygnathosuchus is an extinct genus of crocodilian.
Until recently, the genus Naja had 20 to 22 species, but it has undergone several taxonomic revisions in recent years, so sources vary greatly.
Cryptoblepharus australis, common name inland snake-eyed skink or Carnaby's wall skink is a species of skink in the genus Cryptoblepharus.
Along with whales, they are among the most completely aquatic of all air-breathing vertebrates.
These snakes are not well known in terms of their diversity, biology, and natural history.
Females lay eggs in nests that are holes dug in the sand.
The namesake of the Eugonglyus group of genera, it occupies a quite basal position among these.
Its wing span was estimated at 2.2 metres.
Long projections of bone in the tail called chevrons give the tail a flattened, paddle-like shape.
The species has been successfully bred in captivity in Cologne Zoological Garden.
Dinocephalosaurus is a genus of long necked, aquatic protorosaur that inhabited the Triassic seas of China.
Fossils have been found in the British Isles and date from the Late Triassic.
From snout to vent 95 mm, tail 81 mm.
If it is not, then Chameleonidae's fossil record starts in the Early Miocene with Chamaeleo caroliquarti.
This new concept of Acontias is a sister lineage to Typhlosaurus, and these two genera are the only genera within the subfamily Acontinae.
According to Savage the correct scientific name should be Oxyrhopus petolarius.
The earliest species of the family date back to the Oligocene epoch.
It has at least one major subspecies, Chalcides bedriagai pistaciae.
Adult females are essentially the same color, lacking the scarlet red in the infralabial region, and the belly is yellow.
Watts' anole is a species of anole, a lizard in the family Polychrotidae.
Population density ranges from locally common to very scarce due in part to habitat destruction and over-collection for food and the pet trade.
Although L. williamsi breeds in captivity, the young require a lot of care, making large-scale breeding difficult.
Also known as the Sonoyta Mud Turtle
They make hardy captives, feeding on insects and other small arthropods.
Like all that resemble members of Varanopidae, Thrausmosaurus most likely resembled the modern monitor lizard and may have had the same lifestyle.
The common names of this genus include Chalarodon or Dangalia lizard.
It is known from two partial skeletons.
The species ranges throughout most of the southwestern United States and northern Mexico.
The domed Mauritius giant tortoise is an extinct species of tortoise.
Its Malagasy relatives are the iguanians of the genus Oplurus.
Due to the fragmentary nature of the material associated with the genus, it is currently regarded as a nomen dubium.
Subsequent studies proved that the Monito gecko is more closely related to S. macrolepis, a species common throughout the Puerto Rican Bank.
Species in the genus Trimetopon are known commonly as tropical ground snakes.
Amblydectes is known from fragments of jaw.
This is possibly a strategy to avoid nest predation.
The males can reach 90mm from snout to vent, the females smaller at about 74mm SVL.
Study of Enhydrina is important for the making of anti-venom.
For Eurasian agamaids, see the genus Laudakia.
Aetodactylus is a genus of ornithocheirid pterodactyloid pterosaur.
Rhigosaurus is a genus of therocephalian therapsid.
Pachygenelus is an extinct genus of tritheledontid cynodont.
Thecospondylus is a dubious genus of dinosaur from the Early Cretaceous of England
Three additional tail vertebrae have been assigned to it.
It was the first sauropod genus named from East-Asia.
Rhinophis punctatus, or Müller's earth snake, is a species of snake in the Uropeltidae family.
The African gecko, Cnemaspis africana, is a species of gecko found in Central Africa.
It is common in some locations and is usually found in sunny areas with dense vegetation but can also be found in arid areas.
In Spanish, this lizard is commonly called lagartija Ibérica.
This specimen was discovered in the Aptian-age Lower Cretaceous Hühteeg Svita Formation at Hüren Dukh, central Mongolia.
The specific name honours the Portuguese geologist João Carrington da Costa.
The Brazos water snake or Harter's water snake is a species of mostly aquatic, nonvenomous, colubrid snake native to the United States.
The Arizona striped whiptail is a species of whiptail lizard endemic to the United States.
The International Union for Conservation of Nature classed the species as Least Concern.
The peninsular chuckwalla is a lizard belonging to the family Iguanidae.
Ctenorhachis is an extinct genus of the family Sphenacodontidae.
Fossorial and seldom seen, it is found only in sandy, upland parts of Florida where it is listed as Threatened and is protected by state law.
Fossils indicate they lived from the Late Cretaceous period to the Paleocene period.
This genus grew up to 8 metres long, making it one of the smaller sauropods.
An adult typically grows to around 1.2 to 1.6 m in length and weighs between 9 and 20 kg.
Their colour helps these unique lizards to absorb sufficient heat from the sun, in what is one of the darkest, least sunny parts of South Africa.
The species is endemic to northwestern South America.
This species is the world's longest venomous snake, with a maximum length of 18.5 to 18.8 ft.
This gecko is terrestrial and only found in arid and semi-arid areas of continental Australia.
Ameiva erythrocephala, the St. Christopher ameiva, is a lizard species in the genus Ameiva.
Nikkasaurus is possibly a relic of a more ancient stage of therapsid development.
Dolichophis is a genus of snakes of the family Colubridae.
The holotype is SMNK 1132 PAL, a reasonably complete skeleton, lacking only a skull, neck, sternum and some caudal vertebrae.
Also known as the Kalahari tent tortoise, it is one of three members of the genus, Psammobates.
It is a coral snake mimic, having a similar pattern consisting of red, black, and yellow on its body, but the snake is completely harmless.
Three species are currently recognized by "ITIS", and an additional recently described species is recognized by the Reptile Database.
Xenosaurus grandis, commonly known as the knob-scaled lizard, is a species of diurnal, terrestrial lizard endemic to Mexico and Guatemala.
No canal in basioccipital or basispehnoid for basilar artery.
The species is endemic to the Central United States and Mexico.
Because of its large size, it was probably the apex predator in its environment, and might have competed with other predators like Dimetrodon for food.
The genus contains the following three species:
Eutropis bibronii is a species of skink endemic to India and Sri Lanka.
Nessia is a genus of skinks, lizards in the family Scincidae.
It was rated as an endangered species by the International Union for Conservation of Nature on its Red List of Threatened Species.
Phrynocephalus theobaldi is a species of lizard in the family Agamidae.
They are commonly referred to as Malagasy cat-eyed snakes.
The ornate skink, Cyclodina ornata, is a rare species of skink endemic to New Zealand.
For example; Their lifespan is still undetermined.
The Mexican beaded lizard is the most famous of the four species of venomous beaded lizards found principally in Mexico and southern Guatemala.
The neotype is in the collection of the Museum of New Zealand Te Papa Tongarewa.
Dinodocus is the name of a genus of sauropod dinosaur, named by Richard Owen in 1884.
Its classification is uncertain and it has been placed in the genera Teira, Podarcis, Lacerta or Scelarcis.
It is one of three species of the genus Conolophus.
Its members were formerly included in the "wastebin taxon" Mabuya, and for some time in Euprepis.
Neovenator was at first considered possibly a new species of Megalosaurus.
Its natural habitat was subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland.
The thigh bone had a lesser trochanter that was clearly lower than the greater trochanter; the fourth trochanter was well-developed.
Populations on Guadeloupe and Marie-Galante have possibly been extirpated.
During the day, they usually hide in burrows or in caves, though often these are out and about in the day.
Recent genetic studies indicate that O. n. nigriplantare diverged from Oligosoma nigriplantare polychroma 5.86–7.29 million years ago.
Ennatosaurus was a synapsid that lived in European Russia during the Wordian stage of the Permian period.
It has been called the rarest python in the world.
As with the majority of chameleon species from Madagascar, it is illegal to export Parson's chameleons from their native country.
It was initially described by Boulenger in 1887.
Von Huene thought it was a theropod, a member of the Ornithomimidae.
Common names for this species include the Baja California brush lizard, black-tailed brush lizard, and small-scaled tree lizard.
The hybridization of these species prevents healthy males from forming whereas males do exist in both parent species.
The femur was found by the geologist Lucas Ewbank and donated by him to the Woodwardian Museum at Cambridge in 1869.
Gonionotophis is a genus of colubrid snakes also known as African ground snakes and file snakes.
Its coloration is tan to gray with a bluish cast that is more pronounced during the breeding season and more so in males.
Malarguesaurus is a genus of titanosauriform sauropod dinosaur from the Late Cretaceous of Mendoza Province, Argentina.
Cyrtodactylus collegalensis - from BR Hills, Karnataka and Sathyamangalam, Tamil Nadu
If it comes to blows, they lash out with their tails and threaten each other with open jaws.
Haematosaurus is an extinct genus of teleosaurid thalattosuchian.
It was first named by Tyler R. Lyson and Walter G. Joyce in 2009 and the type species is Peckemys brinkman.
It is found in Australia and Argentina.
Their carapaces bear a superficial resemblance to plant leaves, hence their common name.
It is known only from vertebrae recovered from Kimmeridgian rocks in the Morrison Formation, Colorado.
The bottom of the shell is a bright yellow with varying numbers of black dots.
Lampropeltis triangulum andesiana, commonly known as the Andean milksnake, is an alpine subspecies of milk snake.
Compared to other members of the horned lizards, little is known about this species.
Common names: big-headed carpet viper, Cherlin's saw-scaled viper.
Macrovipera lebetina turanica is a venomous viper subspecies endemic to Asia.
The Greek algyroides is a species of lizard in the family Lacertidae.
Thecadactylus is a gekko genus from the tropical Americas.
Recent cladistic analysis of the theropod Gualicho has suggested that Fukuiraptor and other megaraptorans are either allosauroids, or non-tyrannosauroid basal coelurosaurs.
Dryocalamus davisonii, commonly known as Blanford's bridle snake, is a species of harmless colubrid snake endemic to Asia.
The desert tortoises live about 50 to 80 years; they grow slowly and generally have low reproductive rates.
The humerus is 143 centimetres long, which despite being from a subadult specimen is within 20% of the size of Paralititan.
It lives on the islet Round Island, and typically dwells on different palm trees.
Lucasium byrnei, the gibber gecko or Byrne's gecko, is a species of small, nocturnal gecko endemic to Australia.
Hexacynodon is an extinct genus of therocephalian therapsid.
Rhinophis philippinus, or Peter's earth snake, is a species of snake in the Uropeltidae family.
Slow motion photography shows an undulation of the snake's body in flight while the head remains relatively stable, suggesting controlled flight.
The genus was erected by Kuhn, based upon skull fragments, which have since been lost.
The type locality is "Amboine" Island, today Ambon Island in Indonesia.
Ristella rurkii, commonly known as Rurk's ristella, is a species of skink endemic to southern India.
These geckos are up to 6 cm long and are brown with black speckling, the speckles sometimes combining into longitudinal bands.
The parents of this hybrid are the Asian yellow pond turtle and the golden coin turtle, with the male apparently usually of the latter species.
The glossy crayfish snake is a subspecies of nonvenomous snake endemic to the southeastern United States.
Dendrelaphis tristis is a species of tree-snake found in South Asia.
Norops is a clade of 169 species of polychrotid lizards within the genus Anolis.
The turtle is primarily terrestrial and eats a wide variety of plants and animals.
If the reidentification is correct, Craspedodon would be the first neoceratopsian known from Europe.
Abronia ochoterenai is a species of arboreal alligator lizard described in 1939 by Rafael Martín del Campo.
Diet consists mostly of skinks and other small lizards which it hunts at night, may also take frogs and tadpoles.
Speke's hinge-back tortoise, is a species of turtle in the family Testudinidae.
Vipera wagneri is a venomous viper species endemic to eastern Turkey and northwestern Iran.
The Brookesiinae are small, often brown in colour, and occur in central Africa and Madagascar.
Currently the following species are recognised from the respective regions:
The patagium of the male is yellow in colour, with a network of brown lines radiating from the anterior.
http://ars.els-cdn.com/content/image/1-s2.0-S1055790313002534-fx1.jpg The family Gerrhosauridae shares the strongest evolutionary linkages to Asian and South American Species.
The genus Eublepharis was first described by the British zoologist John Edward Gray in 1827.
It was first named by Lydekker in 1889.
Second species K. bajkalensis was named by Efimov in 1996 for PIN 2234/201, consisting of a scapulocoracoid and a rib.
It is found at elevations from 1,219–2,286 m on the mountain.
The holotype was collected from Mount Kinabalu by Richard Hanitsch.
Its remains have been found in China, North America, and Spitsbergen.
These are vestigial organs, meaning they have evolved and are no longer in use.
The radiated tortoise is a species in the family Testudinidae.
Originally described as an anomodont therapsid by Olson & Beerbower and Olson, it lack any diagnostic features of anomodonts and rather represents pelycosaur-grade synapsids.
The specific arabica is Latin for Arabic.
Its upper jaw is long and curved.
The specific epithet chilensis refers to Chile.
Epicrates exsul is a nonvenomous boa species found in the Bahamas.
However, the ICZN rejected the renaming, and thus Elaphe remains the more widely recognized and broadly accepted genus name.
Thililua has been found in Late Cretaceous rocks in the High Atlas mountains of Morocco in north Africa.
The generic name is derived from Lusitania, the ancient Latin name for the region.
The genus is endemic to southern Africa.
The narrow-tailed four-clawed gecko is a species of gecko in the genus Gehyra.
The male of the species has been recently described by Ganesh et al..
Mesoclemmys tuberculata is a species of turtle.
There are 16 species of Old World coral snake in three genera, and over 65 recognized species of New World coral snakes in three genera.
Some have recommended that A. elegans occidentalis be granted full species status.
Race lirata: Pakistan; Terra typica: Gedrosia, Baluchistan.
It is found in the Greater Caucasus in Georgia and Russia.
Exporting the species from Madagascar has been banned since 1995.
Varanus timorensis, the Timor monitor or spotted tree monitor, is a species of small monitor lizards native to the islands of West and East Timor.
It has successfully colonized islands off both the Atlantic and Gulf coasts.
Crotalus lannomi is a venomous pit viper species found in Mexico in Jalisco.
This serious loss of body mass requires a considerable effort to replace, and can take years to do so.
It also has patterned markings that range from light-colored speckling to complex marbled patterns, and some populations also have large black-ringed "eye" spots on their flanks.
If the two taxa are to be considered distinct, R. leloii may be considered extinct.
The species is found on the Canary Islands of Tenerife and La Palma.
They generally live around 20 years and are commonly kept as pets.
It is distinguishable from all other brush lizards by geography.
It is relatively common, but it is so hard to find that it is a rarely seen.
The body length of the lizards is 33–103 millimetres.
Lycodonomorphus rufulus is sometimes also called the brown water snake, but L. rufulus is found in South Africa.
Their diet mainly consists of insects and moths, but they also enjoy berries of certain plants, and the nectar of certain flowers.
Based on morphological evidence and protein similarities, in 2001 Helfenberger re-validated the name Coelognathus that had originally been proposed by Leopold Fitzinger in 1843.
It was named after the famous Argentine paleontologist José Fernando Bonaparte.
Species of Xantusia are small to medium-sized, viviparous lizards found in the U.S. Southwest and in northern Mexico.
Menarana is an extinct genus of madtsoiid snake which existed in Madagascar during the Late Cretaceous.
Typhlops gonavensis is a species of snake in the Typhlopidae family.
The mole snake is a species of snake in the family Colubridae.
These plates had much smaller ridges than those of Saltasaurus.
The Typhlopidae are a family of blind snakes.
The name Bothriechis is derived from the Greek words bothros and echis that mean "pit" and "viper" respectively.
Originally, he thought it pertained to the dubious genus Hortalotarsus.
Hardy's skink, Cyclodina hardyi, is a species of skink of the family Scincidae.
Hemiaspis is a genus of venomous snakes of the Elapidae family.
The turtle is the only species of the genus Chrysemys, which is part of the pond turtle family Emydidae.
The species is endemic to the Maghreb region of North Africa.
Trachylepis aureopunctata is a species of skink.
The Hispaniolan masked curly-tailed lizard is a lizard species from the family of curly-tailed lizards.
There is ongoing debate as to whether it belongs to the genera Pseudocordylus or Cordylus.
Ponerosteus is a dubious genus of archosaur which was first identified as "Iguanodon exogirarum" by Antonín Frič in 1878 for a specimen from the Cenomanian.
Anolis oculatus, the Dominican anole or eyed anole, is a species of anole lizard.
Dolichophis jugularis, the black whipsnake, is a species of snake in the family Colubridae.
C. amoenus can be found east of the Mississippi, from southwest Massachusetts south to southern Alabama west to Louisiana and then north to Illinois.
Xenodon is a genus of snakes of the family Dipsadidae.
It has a red-brown body sometimes with thin, pale dark stripes.
The specific name, aquilus, is Latin for "eagle" and refers to the high altitude at which this species is found.
Leptonectes is a genus of ichthyosaur that lived in the Late Triassic to Early Jurassic.
It does not occur south of 7° 11' 58.94" N.
Clevosaurus is an extinct genus of sphenodontian reptile from the Triassic and the Jurassic periods of Nova Scotia, Great Britain, and Yunnan.
It is found in the Cerrado and adjacent Cerrado–Amazon mosaics in Brazil and Bolivia.
It is endemic to the Bahama islands and is only known on San Salvador Island and Rum Cay.
The Ponmudi day gecko, Cnemaspis nairi, is a species of geckos found in India.
Its nearest relative was thought to be Ornithomimus.
Spinoaequalis was described and named by Michael deBraga and Robert Reisz in 1995.
Alsophis is a genus of snakes in the Colubroid Dipsadidae family.
Species in the genus Lipinia are commonly called lipinias.
The females come out on the sandbanks at night to lay their eggs, which can number anywhere from 90 to 100 soft-shelled eggs.
Anomalopus is the genus of worm-skinks, smallish smooth-scaled burrowing skinks from the eastern half of Australia.
Coleonyx reticulatus is a species of small gecko native to the United States and Mexico.
The Irian Jaya has yet to be scientifically classified, but is arguably a different species from the other recognized members of the genus.
A line of dark spots usually runs along both sides of the back and sometimes extends to the tail.
These geckos are typically terrestrial, though the young of most species can climb until they are too heavy for their feet to support.
The Hispaniolan green anole is a species of anole endemic to the island of Hispaniola.
Gerrhonotus farri Bryson & Graham, 2010 - Farr's alligator lizard
Strophurus ciliaris is a species of lizard in the family Gekkonidae.
It has also become naturalized in Hawaii, where it is reportedly now the most numerous skink, and on Lord Howe Island.
Contrary to the majority of geckos, it is diurnal.
The Oriental odd-tooth snake, sometimes called the Japanese odd-tooth snake, is a species endemic to Japan, belonging to the family Colubridae.
It is a small, slender gecko, has a bright green colour and feeds on insects.
Common names: desert mountain adder, Lüderitz dwarf viper
Austrelaps is a genus of venomous elapid snakes native to the relatively fertile, temperate, southern and eastern part of the Australian continent.
It can adopt a variety of colors, including yellow, green, orange, black, and brown.
Nominosuchus was described in 1996 by Mikhail Efimov, and the type species is N. matutinus.
The eastern fence lizard is a medium-sized species of lizard found along forest edges, rock piles, and rotting logs or stumps in the eastern United States.
It is sometimes associated with Pandanus species.
An aquatic and nocturnal snake, it feeds mainly on fish and is known to consume eels.
Tylosaurinae  is a subfamily of mosasaurs, a diverse group of Late Cretaceous marine lizards.
They are oviparous and feed on ants and other small invertebrates.
The rosy boa is one of only two members of that family native to the United States, the other being the rubber boa.
Adults of the species are usually thin with a jet black dorsal side with a grey belly and white chin.
Despite their name, females of the species do have claws.
Tropidophis greenwayi is a nonvenomous dwarf boa species endemic to the Caicos Islands.
In the front half of the body two irregularly rimmed, light longitudinal bands are developed on the border between the back and the flanks.
In appearance the Cyrtopodion brachykolon is similar to C. stoliczkai and C. baturensis.
The species is named after Otog, the location of its discovery, and the Sarula, who are the indigenous peoples who live in the area.
Coeranoscincus is a genus of skinks found in Wet Tropics of Queensland, Australia.
The Teiidae includes several parthenogenic species - a mode of clonal reproduction.
Another vertebra, BMNH R 1886, was referred by him to this species.
About 60 centimetres long, the Hierro giant lizard is a thickset reptile with a broad head.
Its natural habitats are Mediterranean-type shrubby vegetation, rocky areas, rocky shores, pastureland, plantations, and rural gardens.
Gongxianosaurus shibeiensis was named for the place it was found, near the village Shibei in Gong County.
The Monito gecko is light-gray to tan in coloration with darker spots on top of the body.
The Scolecophidia, commonly knowns as blind snakes or thread snakes, are an infraorder of snakes.
Fossils have been found from the park in a bentonitic paleosol that is part of the Campanian Wapiti Formation.
In life they were probably slow, clumsy and inoffensive animals, that had evolved a covering of armoured scutes to protect them against their predators, the gorgonopsians.
Distribution: S India Type locality: 2 km NW of Muthalar Road Cross off Sengaltheri-Thalayanai road, Kalkkad Tiger Reserve, Tirunelveli district, Tamil Nadu State, India.
Spondylosoma is a genus of archosaur of uncertain affinities from the late Ladinian-age Middle Triassic Lower Santa Maria Formation in Geopark of Paleorrota, Brazil.
Micrurus fulvius, the Eastern coral snake, common coral snake, American cobra, or more, is a species of venomous elapid snake endemic to the southeastern United States.
Haldea striatula, commonly called the rough earth snake, is a species of nonvenomous natricine colubrid snake native to the southeastern United States.
The Galápagos land iguanas comprise the genus Conolophus of the Galápagos Islands.
It is found on the St. Kitts Bank of islands, which comprise Saint Kitts, Nevis, and Sint Eustatius.
Calamodontophis is a genus of snakes in the family Colubridae.
The type species, G. erici was described in 1945 by Wilhelm Bock, who identified it as a coelurosaurian dinosaur related to Podokesaurus.
The spotted turtle, the only extant species of the genus Clemmys, is a small, semi-aquatic turtle that reaches a carapace length of 8–12 cm upon adulthood.
Because there was no real connection with this English form, in 1986 José Fernando Bonaparte named a separate genus.
It is sometimes treated as a full species, Crotalus muertensis.
They are the C. a. anguina, the C. a. oligopholis, and the C. a. tenuior.
Once common throughout Western Australia, it has become critically endangered in some regions.
It is found in Benin, Burkina Faso, Cameroon, Chad, Ivory Coast, Ethiopia, Gambia, Ghana, Guinea-Bissau, Mali, Mauritania, Nigeria, Senegal, Sudan, and Togo.
Kukrail Reserve Forest is located about 9 km from Lucknow, Uttar Pradesh, India.
The apparent threat to A. fimbriata's habitat is from agriculture and the exportation of ornamental Chamaedaphne calyculata plants to Japan and Europe.
Lankascincus is a genus of skinks, commonly known as Lanka skinks.
About 1 million years ago tortoises reached the Galápagos Islands.
It is a pit viper endemic to South America.
Zizhongosaurus is a genus of basal herbivorous sauropod dinosaur which lived in the Early Jurassic Period of China.
The species name honors the type specimen's collector, Dr. G. D. Hale Carpenter.
Abronia lythrochila is a species of lizard in the family Anguidae known by the common name red-lipped arboreal alligator lizard.
Zatomus was a genus of rauisuchian from the Late Triassic.
Ameiva plei, the Anguilla Bank ameiva or Caribbean ameiva, is a lizard species in the genus Ameiva.
Tropidophis bucculentus was a nonvenomous dwarf boa species endemic to Navassa Island.
The cat gecko, Aeluroscalabotes felinus, is a species of gecko found in Indonesia, Malaysia, Singapore, Cambodia and Thailand.
The rinkhals, also called the ringhals or ring-necked spitting cobra, is a species of venomous elapid found in parts of southern Africa.
It was described by a team led by a scientist from the Australian National University in 2008.
Kelyophis and the Greek word ὄφις) is an extinct genus of nigerophiid snake which existed in Madagascar during the Late Cretaceous.
It was unique among crocodilians in having a pronounced bony occipital crest.
Acrochordus granulatus is a snake species found from India through Southeast Asia to the Solomon Islands.
Burton's legless lizard is a species of pygopodid lizard which means that it lacks forelegs and has only rudimentary hind legs.
Aparallactus niger is a species of venomous rear-fanged snake in the family Atractaspididae.
Polemon robustus, or the Zaire snake-eater, is a species of venomous rear-fanged snake in the family Atractaspididae.
The fact that they move quickly across the water, aided by their web-like feet, gives them the appearance of "walking on water".
The yellow-bellied house snake,, is a species of snake in the Colubridae family.
The species is endemic to the southwestern United States and northern Mexico.
It is often seen sunning on roadsides or other paved areas.
In 1868 Seeley had obtained a vertebra and a jaw, from a quarry near Langton Matravers; in 1869 he had named these Pterodactylus macrurus.
Although often found near the ground, they have cryptic colouration and climb trees when threatened.
It is non-venomous, and its diet consists mainly of amphibians and other reptiles.
Amapasaurus is a genus of the spectacled lizard family Gymnophthalmidae from Amapá state in northern Brazil.
indicated by Wellhofer, were in 1990 by Kellner moved to Anhanguera as Anhanguera santanae.
Calumma tarzan is endemic to the Alaotra-Mangoro region in Madagascar.
They are a popular pet in the exotic pet trade.
It is endemic to central Africa, in the Central African Republic, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, the Republic of the Congo, Gabon, and Uganda
It is native to desert woodland regions throughout most of the Northern Territory, the north of Western Australia, and the far north-west of South Australia.
Until 2009, the members of this genus were generally included in Uromastyx.
The lizard looks sturdy, and has a broad head.
Prior to 2005, it was considered a subspecies of the granite night lizard, Xantusia henshawi.
Common names: West African Gaboon viper, Gabino viper
The monitor lizard belongs to the subgenus Odatria along with the Pygmy Mulga Monitor.
They are among those snakes called "racers" that occur in the Caribbean.
It can be aggressive and is responsible for about 60% of snake bite deaths in Australia.
Their distribution has declined due to introduced predators.
Its common names include golden sea snake, olive sea snake, and olive-brown sea snake.
Little is known of it scientifically, and few photographs exist.
It is also known as Wagler's sipo.
Bitis nasicornis is a venomous viper species found in the forests of West and Central Africa.
Until 2015, C. donfaustoi was classified as part of another species, Chelonoidis porteri.
Its natural habitats are Mediterranean-type shrubby vegetation, rocky areas, and rural gardens.
This turtle is endemic to the central Chinese Anhui province.
Barkudia insularis is a critically endangered limbless lizard which was described in 1917 by Nelson Annandale and rediscovered in the wild in 2003.
Dieurostus dussumierii, commonly known as Dussumier's water snake, is a species of mildly venomous, rear-fanged, colubrid snake, endemic to Kerala, in southwestern India.
Females have a gray dorsal surface and a bluish underside.
S. sepsoides is a viviparous species, and it is nocturnal during the summer and diurnal during the winter.
"Sinopliosaurus" fusuiensis is a spinosaurid theropod dinosaur from the Early Cretaceous Napan Formation of Guangxi Province, southern China, known only from teeth.
Members of the genus Brookesia are largely brown and most are essentially terrestrial.
Blanford's pipe snake is a species of snake in the family Cylindrophiidae endemic to Indonesia.
It is reputed to be the most dangerous of the European vipers due to its large size, long fangs and high venom toxicity.
The genus might be a junior synonym of Stagonolepis.
Draco dussumieri or southern flying lizard, is a species of agamid lizard capable of gliding from tree to tree.
Cryptoblepharus litoralis is around 55 mm snout to vent, and dark-brown to black in colour with white to beige spots.
Histriasaurus was a genus of dinosaur from the Early Cretaceous.
The yellow-headed box turtle or golden-headed box turtle is a proposed species of turtle in the family Geoemydidae.
reported a second specimen, ZDM 0156, a pelvis found at Chenjia near Fuquan.
The Montiserrat ameiva has declined significantly since the Soufrière Hills volcano became active in 1995; eruptions have had a devastating effect on Montserrat overall.
The granite night lizard is a species of xantusiid lizard endemic to North America.
It is a member of the Pseudechis genus, dangerously venomous snakes that can intimidate an opponent by raising the head and presenting a hood.
The turtle's top shell is dark and smooth, without a ridge.
It is known by the locals as sanca mata putih.
These spots fuse into longitudinal stripes in some specimens.
It is similar in appearance to Meyasaurus, a widespread Early Cretaceous lizard that is also known from the Iberian Peninsula.
The type species, Hypsibema crassicauda, was described by Edward Drinker Cope in 1869.
The most recognisable and widespread species in the genus are the red-bellied black snake and the Mulga snake.
It is endemic to the United States.
Micrurus ibiboboca is often confused with the widespread species Micrurus lemniscatus.
Males average at 4.1 m in length weighing 380 kg, while females are slightly smaller averaging 225 kg.
It is known from Maharashtra, possibly extending to southern Gujarat.
Velocipes is a possible theropod dinosaur genus from the Late Triassic.
It is the smallest of the three subspecies and tends to be darker in color.
The ancient tortoises had primitive jaw muscles, unlike today's tortoises, which also display the os transiliens bone, and would have been herbivorous.
Pseudocerastes persicus fieldi is a venomous viper subspecies endemic to the deserts of the Middle East.
Herpetoskylax is an extinct genus of synapsid biarmosuchian which existed in South Africa.
Like all Hydrophiinae sea snakes, it is a viviparous, fully marine, and front fanged elapid that is highly venomous.
Calotes calotes is an agamid lizard found in the forests of the Western Ghats and the Shevaroy Hills in India, and Sri Lanka.
Dendrelaphis girii, or Giri's bronzeback tree snake, is a species of snake from the Western Ghats in India.
It is abundant, even extremely abundant, in areas free from mammalian predators, but it barely survives where predators are present.
Aparallactus lunulatus, or the reticulated centipede-eater, is a species of venomous rear-fanged snake in the family Atractaspididae, which is endemic to Africa.
It was a sauropod with an extremely long neck.
Crotaphytus reticulatus, the reticulate collared lizard, is a moderately sized lizard native to semiarid, rocky regions of the Tamaulipan mezquital.
Ocadia is a genus of turtles in the family Geoemydidae.
It is one of two genera of geckos that are endemic to New Zealand, the other genus being Hoplodactylus.
Other common names for this species include Jew lizard and frilly lizard, the latter being a confusion between this and another dragon, the frill-necked lizard.
This species was first described by Chinese scientist Zhao in 2004.
It is characterised by its long tail, an absence of ear-holes, shiny skin, yellow underside and short weak limbs, each of which with only two toes.
The Mimic glass lizard is a species of glass lizard in the family Anguidae.
Yellow-speckled toad-headed agama Phrynocephalus luteoguttatus is a species of agamid lizard found in Iran, Afghanistan, Pakistan and possibly in India.
The golden gecko is a species of gecko, a lizard in the family Gekkonidae.
They are commonly known as soil-crevice skinks or snake-eyed skinks.
This condition is caused by an excess buildup of the bile pigment biliverdin.
These lizards occur in northern South America.
Blanc's sand racer is a species of lacertid lizard endemic to North Africa.
The lance-nosed chameleon, also known as a blade chameleon is endemic to eastern Madagascar.
About 10 million individual yacare caimans exist within the Brazilian pantanal, representing what is quite possibly the largest single crocodilian population on Earth.
The females lay their eggs on sandbanks that are exposed only in the dry season but there are relatively few such sites.
Ameiva maynardi, commonly known as the Great Inagua ameiva, Inagua ameiva, or Inagua blue-tailed lizard, is species of lizard, a member of the family Teiidae.
It is endemic to Meghalaya, Northeast India.
Cyclocorus is a genus of colubrid snakes found in the Philippines.
The environment in which this gecko lives is sandy and rocky desert with sparse vegetation, in a zone near the coast where the humidity is high.
The species is native to Africa, mostly the central and western parts of the continent.
It is found on several islands of the Seychelles.
Common names: Himalayan pit viper, Himalayan viper.
This species' diet consists primarily of fish and birds, reptiles, small mammals.
Argus Monitor is a software for monitoring temperatures and status of several system components, e.g.
Common names: southern smooth snake, Riccioli's snake.
The Cape dwarf gecko('lygodactylus' = 'flexible fingers')  is a species of dwarf gecko found in the woodlands and forests of central and southern Africa.
The eastern garter snake is a medium-sized snake that is indigenous to North America.
The right femur is about 33 centimetres long and has a thick shaft.
Atheris nitschei rungweensis is a venomous viper subspecies endemic to Africa in Tanzania, Zambia and Malawi.
Pseudocalotes khaonanensis is the largest agamid lizard in the genus Pseudocalotes.
It is the smallest member of the clade containing the western islands' giant species.
It was a basal titanosaurid sauropod which lived in what is now Argentina.
Typhlops malcolmi is a species of snake in the family Typhlopidae.
The genus name means "Brohi lizard" and refers to the Brohi people who live in the area where it was found.
Geckos are unique among lizards in their vocalizations.
Proctoporus is a genus of medium-sized lizards assigned to the family Gymnophthalmidae.
The genus name refers to Yama, a Tibetan Buddhist deity; the species name to the Eastern Gobi.
Sibon noalamina is a species of snail-eating snake discovered in 2012 from western Panama.
The Mauritius upland forest day gecko feeds on insects and nectar.
Ground cover and rocky cracks are required to avoid predation from birds such as the kookaburra and pied currawong.
It is omnivorous, feeding on insects, fish, tadpoles, and vegetable matter such as leaves and seeds.
It was named Deltavjatia vjatkensis by Hartmann & Weinberg in 1937.
The Knight anole is a species of lizard in the Polychrotidae family, and the largest species of anole.
Trimorphodon is a genus of mildly venomous, rear-fanged, colubrid snakes.
It lives in the upland forest of Mauritius and typically inhabits large trees.
The banded cat-eyed snake is a species of medium-sized, mildly venomous, colubrid snake endemic to the New World.
Bitis peringueyi is a venomous viper species found in Namibia and southern Angola.
Morphologically, it is similar to the bog turtle, spotted turtle, and Blanding's turtle.
Palleon lolontany is a species of chameleons endemic to Madagascar.
It is found in Israel, Lebanon, Syria, and Turkey.
Females and juveniles may have darker green stripes lining the sides of their bodies, but males are often a pure bright green color.
The ilium has a preserved length of sixty-two centimeter indicating a body length of about eight meters.
Estimates of size exceed the titanosaur Argentinosaurus, as longer than 35 metres and weighing over 80-100 tons.
Afrotyphlops schlegelii, commonly known as Schlegel's beaked blind snake or Schlegel's giant blind snake, is a species of snake in the family Typhlopidae.
Its diet includes the eggs of ground-nesting birds.
Because of its secretive habitat, it is likely to be found elsewhere.
The Antsingy leaf chameleon is a species of lizard in the family Chamaeleonidae.
This species is endemic to North Africa.
For the extinct nominate subspecies, see here.
For similar skinks see genera Bassiana, Pseudemoia, and Niveoscincus.
Its body length is estimated at about 3 metres.
It lives on the eastern coast of Madagascar and typically inhabits rainforests and dwells on trees.
It lived during the Bathonian to Callovian stages, around 165 million years ago, some 20 million years before its famous relative, Stegosaurus appeared in North America.
Lilford's wall lizard is a species of lizard in the family Lacertidae.
Pervushovisaurus is a genus of platypterygiine ichthyosaur from the Late Cretaceous of the Saratov region in western Russia and the Cambridge area of the UK.
All species are dangerous and can inflict a potentially lethal bite.
Eremias pleskei is a species of lizard native to the Armenian Plateau in Armenia, Azerbaijan, Iran, and Turkey.
Paroedura masobe is an endangered species of reptile.
They see it as perhaps the oldest pterosaur known, as it possibly predates European finds from the Norian.
The loggerhead musk turtle is a species of turtle native to the United States.
Muller's velvet gecko is a species of lizard in the family Gekkonidae.
Its teeth demonstrate that it belongs to Lisboasaurus.
One population in the La Paz Department and a smaller population in the Intibucá Department.
Hemidactylus festivus is a species of house gecko from Oman.
Uroplatus guentheri is a species of nocturnal gecko, which is endemic to Madagascar.
The genus Dracaena, also called caiman lizards or water tegu, is in the teiid family, along with tegus and ameivas.
Trachemys dorbignyi dorbignyi, also known as the Southern D'Orbigny's Slider or simply Orbigny's Slider, is a relative of the Pond Slider.
In Pitjantjatjara and other central Australian languages it is called "Tingka".
It is found in several parts of the North Island, and occupies similar habitats to the native copper skink.
Asian species are known as bronzebacks, while the Australo-Papuan species are simply called treesnakes.
have determined that the holotype represents a subadult individual, measuring roughly four meters in length.
The holotype, PIN 554/I, was found in a layer of the Bayan Shireh Formation dating from the Cenomanian-Santonian.
It was described from the Open Bay Islands, off the west coast of the South Island of New Zealand.
This division represents a very deep evolutionary divide between two very different types of turtles.
Tropidophis caymanensis caymanensis, Grand Cayman dwarf boa
Leptotyphlops gestri is a species of snake in the family Leptotyphlopidae.
It is endemic to the archipelago of Puerto Rico.
China is the largest consumer of turtles in the world and this trade has been cited as the greatest threat to Asian turtles including M. mutica.
It was listed as data deficient in the IUCN Red List before its actual origin became known.
It is covered with light, widespread spots on its back, sides, legs, and tail.
Common names: Peringuey's adder, Peringuey's desert adder, sidewinding adder, more.
The small-scaled leaf-toed gecko is a species of lizard in the Gekkonidae family.
Cnemaspis gemunu is a species of diurnal gecko endemic to island of Sri Lanka.
The name Thililua is derived from that of an ancient aquatic god from local Berber mythology; longicollis refers to the animal's long neck.
This species has the highest-domed carapace of all Cuora species, the shape resembling a conquistador helmet.
The origin and nature of T. maculata are still unclear.
Inger's Mabuya is a species of skink found in India, sometimes called mountain skink.
Elaphe quatuorlineata is a member of the family Colubridae.
This taxonomy has undergone significant revision in recent years and remains unresolved.
The species is distributed in China and northern Vietnam.
It’s a very timid and a mildly venomous snake and rarely attempts to bite.
One of the eggs yielded a live hatchling which was determined to be of a previously unknown species.
Typhlops reticulatus is a species of snake in the Typhlopidae family.
The holotype of Nedcolbertia had a length of about 1.5 metres.
The New Guinea bockadam or dog-faced water snake, Cerberus rynchops, is a species of a colubrid snake native to coastal waters of Asia and Australia.
Barapasaurus comes from the lower part of the Kota Formation, that dates back to the Sinemurian and Pliensbachian stages of the early Jurassic.
The members of this genus on the Galápagos Islands are among the largest extant terrestrial chelonians.
Along with Huanghetitan and Daxiatitan, Ruyangosaurus is among the largest dinosaurs discovered in Cretaceous Asia.
This species is alert, nervous and is considered to be a very dangerous snake.
Crocodilurus is a lizard genus that belongs to the family Teiidae.
It lacked teeth, much like Stahleckeria, but was closer in size to Dinodontosaurus.
Biliverdin is formed from the breakdown of hemoglobin, and is normally converted to bilirubin.
Some researchers estimate that there are only 1,000 to 2,000 adult snakes of the subspecies T. s. tetrataenia remaining.
The species, similar to other members of the Australian snapping turtles in genus Elseya, only comes ashore to lay eggs and bask.
Archaius tigris, the Seychelles tiger chameleon, is the only species in the genus Archaius.
Gallotia galloti eisentrauti - Northern Tenerife lizard
However, unlike a true cobra, it does not rear up, but remains in a horizontal position.
and Stuart & Parham, between the Keeled Box Turtle and taxa of the Indochinese Box Turtle complex.
Hainosaurus' tail has less chevron-bearing vertebrae, making it shorter than that of Tylosaurus.
The pancake tortoise is a species of flat-shelled tortoise in the family Testudinidae.
The name is derived from Greek teinein, "to stretch", and oura, "tail", referring to the elongated form.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests, subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, and rural gardens.
The holotype, known as USNM 7448, is a worn and broken tooth found from Phoebus Landing on the Cape Fear River in North Carolina.
Atractus trilineatus, commonly known as the three-lined ground snake, is a species of small burrowing colubrid snake, which is endemic to South America.
In Chinese, it is known as the speckled softshell turtle.
They are underground animals, hence the eyes have degenerated to tiny indistinct spots under the rings.
The Canopy chameleon, also known as Wills' chameleon or incorrectly as Will's chameleon, is a species of chameleon that is endemic to Madagascar.
The specific name honours the two German herpetologists Maciej Oskroba and Stephan Prein who first studied this gecko.
The new material confirmed the originally classification that T. jacobsi, as well as Tricuspisaurus and Variodens based on similarities to it, are indeed trilophosaurids.
Griswold's ameiva is a species of lizard in the genus Ameiva.
Anomochilus leonardi is a species of snake in the family Anomochilidae.
Gryposaurus is similar to Kritosaurus, and for many years the two were thought to be synonyms.
The common basilisk is a lizard found in Central and South American rainforests near rivers and streams.
It is the world's largest species of spitting cobra.
For long, this genus was included in the "wastebin taxon" Mabuya; it contains the Asian mabuyas.
Males have a greenish-turquoise body background coloration, whereas females are seemingly more green.
He also suggested that if more material was known, it could prove to be synonymous with other Lightning Ridge "coelurosaurs".
Galeops was the first dromasaur to be identified as an herbivore, due to the propalinal movement evident in the jaws.
The species is endemic to central Africa.
The holotype has probably been lost, but other partial remains have been referred to the genus.
The greater earless lizard is a species of earless lizard endemic to the southwestern United States.
The Mexican spotted wood turtle or Mexican spotted terrapin is a species of turtle in the family Geoemydidae.
Sinonatrix is a genus of snakes of the family Colubridae.
There are 130 species of amphisbaenians, most found in Spain, Africa, South Africa, and the Caribbean islands.
It is endemic to the Chimanimani Mountains of south eastern Zimbabwe and western Mozambique.
The Cuban night lizard is a night lizard endemic to southern Cuba.
Pappigerus is an extinct genus of sea turtle from Cretaceous.
Amphisbaena microcephala or Amphisbaena microcephalum is a species of amphisbaenian in the reptilian order Squamata.
Typhlops diardii is a harmless blind snake species found mainly in Southeast Asia.
It was a member of the Trematochampsidae, an enigmatic family of mesoeucrocodylians.
It is known from a single tooth and some postcranial remains collected from Eocene deposits in Hunan, China.
The snout-vent length of these geckos is normally no more than 4 cm.
As the mode can influence the relative number, venoms can only be compared within a mode.
They are commonly referred to as dwarf geckos.
During reproduction, they are able to lay up to 9 eggs in a clutch.
The genus was first described from a fragmentary anterior section of the mandible found from the Henry Mountains in southeastern Utah, USA.
The Anzuetoi arboreal alligator lizard is a species of lizard endemic to Volcán de Agua in Guatemala.
This species is endemic to the highlands of the states of Veracruz and adjacent Puebla, Mexico.
The genus was named in 1994 by Chinese paleontologists Cai Zhengquan and Wei Feng.
It was initially described by French naturalist Alfred Grandidier in 1872.
Mesalina is a genus of wall lizards of the family Lacertidae.
Tropidoclonion is a genus of small colubrid snakes, commonly known as lined snakes, which are endemic to North America.
Gonocephalus is also a synonym of the catfish genus Clarotes.
It is also found from 2,400 up to 3,800 m above sea level.
Typhlops cariei commonly known as Hoffstetter's worm snake is an extinct blind snake species which was endemic to Mauritius.
This last species is today commonly referred to the original Titanosaurus.
Ctenosaura defensor, commonly known as the Yucatán spiny-tailed iguana, is a species of lizard in the family Iguanidae.
It lives on the islands Ladigue, Felicite and Cocco in the Seychelles, and typically inhabits trees and dwellings.
Human exploitation caused the extinction of this species around 1800.
The first fossils of Labidosaurikos came from Oklahoma and latter finds were discovered in Texas.
Blue-tongued lizards are popular as pets and can live up to 30 years in captivity.
Bitis gabonica, most commonly known as the Gaboon viper, is a viper species found in the rainforests and savannas of sub-Saharan Africa.
Very little is known about this species known only from a small number of historical records; it is considered Data Deficient by IUCN.
The species was named in honor of Raymond Laurent.
They are specialist fish eaters using a strike and gape mode of feeding.
Phrynonax poecilonotus is a species of nonvenomous snake in the family Colubridae.
Examples of the species had not been seen during the latter half of the 20th century.
Ctenospondylus, was a pelycosaur that was about 3 meters long.
Males have a uniform light brown to orange-brown dorsal surface, with an off-white to yellowish ventral surface.
In the past it included the Philippine crocodile, C. n. mindorensis, as a subspecies, but today they are regarded as separate species.
It is sometimes referred to as a "forest iguana".
The species is endemic to South Asia.
Atractaspis reticulata, or the reticulate burrowing asp, is a species of snake in the Atractaspididae family.
The Peloponnese wall lizard is a species of lizard in the family Lacertidae.
Razanandrongobe is a genus of carnivorous sebecosuchian from the Middle Jurassic of Madagascar.
Pristurus carteri is a species of gecko in the genus Pristurus known as rock geckos.
The Indian flapshell turtle is a freshwater species of turtle found in South Asia.
The one constant eosuchian has been Youngina, a small lizard-shaped reptile from the Upper Permian of South Africa.
The head is visually distinct from the body.
It was a titanosaurid sauropod which lived in what is now Argentina.
Another feature of Pachygenelus that is shared with mammals is plesiomorphic prismatic enamel, or enamel arranged into strengthened prisms.
Trunk vertebrae have been found from the Maastrichtian-age Maevarano Formation in the Mahajanga Basin.
This cobra-like threat display is supported by the ability to produce a very large amount of venom.
Fossil remains have been found in the Baharije Formation in Egypt, making it contemporaneous with the crocodilian Stomatosuchus, and dinosaurs, including Spinosaurus.
Ameiva pluvianotata, the Montiserrat ameiva, is a lizard species in the genus Ameiva.
The pygmy mulga monitor or stripe-tailed goanna is a species of monitor lizard native to northwestern and central Australia.
The genus consists of over forty distinct species.
Timon pater is a species of Timon which belongs to the family of Lacertidae, the wall lizards.
Their habitat is dry and arid, although they will spend most of their time in a dark, humid hiding place.
The short worm lizard, Pachycalamus brevis, is a species of reptile in the Trogonophidae family.
Liolaemus is a genus of iguanian lizards, containing many species, all of which are endemic to South America.
The species is endemic to Peru and Ecuador.
Based on a forelimb, it was described in 2011 by Octávio Mateus and colleagues.
They were herbivorous and would have used agility to escape predators.
The holotype, BMNH R.291, was found in a layer of the Hastings Sand, sandstone dating from the Valanginian - Hauterivian.
The big-scaled least gecko is a gecko mainly distributed in Puerto Rico, the United States Virgin Islands and the British Virgin Islands in the Caribbean.
However, later analysis found that it was more closely related to titanosauriformes like Euhelopus and Erketu.
This is a list of all genera, species and subspecies of the family Pythonidae, otherwise referred to as pythonids or pythons.
There are irregular light bands with dark edges along its back.
Hypnale walli, Wall's hump-nosed viper, is a venomous pitviper species endemic to Sri Lanka.
It is native to Mexico and Guatemala.
The Wyanad day gecko is a species of gecko.
The species belong to the family Polychrotidae of reptiles.
Only one species is recorded, Niaftasuchus zekkeli, from Nyafta, basin of the Mezen' River, Arkhangelsk Oblast, Russia.
Sauromalus klauberi, commonly called the Santa Catalina chuckwalla or the spotted chuckwalla, is a species of chuckwalla first identified in 1941.
Nessia layardi, commonly known as Layard's snake skink or Layard's nessia, is a species of skink endemic to the island of Sri Lanka.
Erketu is also diagnosed by bifurcate anterior cervical neural spines, another unusual trait for a titanosauriform.
Tropidophis semicinctus, or the Yellow-banded dwarf boa, is a species of snake in the Tropidophiidae family.
Common names: Bredl's python, Centralian python, Centralian carpet python, central Australian carpet python, Bredl's carpet python, central Australian Bredl's carpet python, central Bredl's carpet python.
Confusingly von Huene in the same publication named the very same fossil Magnosaurus woodwardi.
The atlas day gecko is a species of lizard in the family Gekkonidae endemic to Morocco.
The horseshoe whip snake is a species of snake in the Colubridae family.
Typhlops violaceus is a species of snake in the Typhlopidae family.
The genus was named in 2004 by Michael Maisch, Andreas Matzke and Sun Ge.
Sajkanosuchus is an extinct genus of alligatorid crocodilian.
It is the second-smallest species of the family Alligatoridae, the smallest being Cuvier's dwarf caiman, also from tropical South America and in the same genus.
Anguidae refers to a large and diverse family of lizards native to the Northern Hemisphere.
Leioheterodon, the hognose snakes native to the Madagascar
Aphanizocnemus is an extinct genus of varanoid lizard from Lebanon.
It is endemic to Mauritius and its tiny offshore islands.
The pythons are non-venomous snakes that constrict their prey.
At least four of the species are oviparous.
Oplosaurus was a genus of sauropod dinosaur from the Barremian-age Lower Cretaceous Wessex Formation of the Isle of Wight, England.
Based on the partial fossils, Tochisaurus is thought to have been a member of the Troodontidae.
A large viper, known for its striking coloration and prominent nasal "horns."
The study supported the monophyly of the expanded Iguanidae, and put Oplurinae in the basal position.
Its common name is Northern Dwarf Crowned Snake.
The Burmese roofed turtle is one of six species of turtle in the genus Batagur of the Geoemydidae family.
It is closely related to the genus Thoracosaurus, and has traditionally been placed in the subfamily Thoracosaurinae.
This position is stated explicitly in recent phylogenetic studies:
Captain's wood snake is a species of snake described in 2007, which is endemic to India.
In May 2002, the Canadian Species at Risk Act listed the Pacific pond turtle as being extirpated in Canada.
The Calabar python is a nonvenomous boa species endemic to west and central Africa.
Mastersonia is an extinct genus of non-mammalian synapsid from the Lower Permian of Texas.
They are the world's longest snakes and longest reptiles, and among the three heaviest snakes.
The teeth came from an animal similar to Siamosaurus.
The holotype is KMNH VP 000,016, a single damaged tooth, the crown of which must have been about seven centimetres long.
Cryptolacerta is an extinct genus of Lacertoid lizard which lived during the Eocene epoch in what is now Germany.
Common names: Hagen's pit viper, Hagen's green pit viper 
Cyrtodactylus thirakhupti, commonly called Thirakhupt’s bent-toed gecko, is a species of gecko, a lizard in the family Gekkonidae.
Only two specimens were found at that time, and no scientist saw this turtle in the next 70 years.
The Lebombo flat lizard is a species of lizard in the family Cordylidae.
Denisonia is a genus of venomous snakes endemic to Australia.
Gehyra barea, the Banda Island dtella, is a species of gecko in the genus Gehyra, native to the Banda Islands.
The specific name honours the discoverer of the site, Darío Boscarolli.
Three subspecies are currently recognized, including the nominate subspecies described here.
The yellow-headed temple turtle is a large turtle native to Southeast Asia.
A diagnosis of the osteology of Vijayachelys was published in 2006.
The snake eats small prey that live in its habitat, such as frogs and small fish, and it specializes in crabs, hence its name.
When first named in 1973 the genus was thought to be a squamate and was assigned to the family Xenosauridae.
It is a close relative to the common box turtle.
No subspecies of Bothrops insularis are currently recognized.
Cyrtodactylus cracens is a species of gecko endemic to island of Sri Lanka.
Extensively hunted for their skins in the 19th and 20th centuries, this species is one of the most critically endangered species of crocodiles.
Sepsophis punctatus is a species of skink found in India.
Joseph Leidy originally described the tooth using the name Tomodon in 1865, considering it a carnivorous marine reptile, probably a plesiosaur.
This dentary was the first Lisboasaurus fossil from the Barremian age of the Early Cretaceous.
In 2007, it was transferred from Appendix II to Appendix I of CITES due to its critical conservation status.
It has also been introduced in many other parts of the world.
This quadrupedal dinosaur was very large, weighing over 5 tons.
The red spotted royal snake or red-spotted diadem snake is a species of colubrine snake.
The transition exemplified by Diarthrognathus suggests that natural selection favored animals with a more powerful bite.
It may also be found in the grasslands next to woodlands.
Leptotyphlops asbolepis, or the Martin Garcia thread snake, is a species of snake in the Leptotyphlopidae family.
Rhabdophis tigrinus is a venomous colubrid snake found in East and Southeast Asia.
These hybrids are bred in the wild as mentioned Buskirk et al.
As presented here, the genus is limited to its "modern" content of racers and whipsnakes.
Typical length is 2.1–2.3 m and typical weight 70–80 kg.
Lophostropheus was a small to medium-sized, moderately-built, ground-dwelling, bipedal carnivore, that could grow up to 3 m long.
The natural history of many species is almost entirely undocumented, due to a paucity of specimens and the infrequence of their encounter in the field.
This is the sister genus to Acontias, which together form the well supported Afrotropical subfamily Acontinae.
Vipera darevskii is a small venomous viper species endemic to northwestern Armenia, northeastern Turkey, and possibly also adjacent southern Georgia.
Trachylepis punctatissima, commonly called the montane speckled skink, is a lizard in the skink family which is widespread in southern Africa.
Common names: little file snake, marine file snake, little wart snake.
This article focuses on the species Boa constrictor as a whole, and on the nominate subspecies B. c. constrictor.
Bites from this species are known to cause mild local reaction, including a slight burning sensation and swelling.
Females breed once every two or three years, with litters usually being born in late summer to early autumn in the Northern Hemisphere.
It is based on two specimens, both consisting mainly of vertebrae.
Females lay 5–17 eggs at a time.
Lepidodactylus listeri, commonly known as Lister's gecko or the Christmas Island gecko, is a species of gecko endemic to Christmas Island.
It is known commonly as the Sabah slender skink.
It lives in eastern Madagascar and typically inhabits rainforests and dwells on trees.
They have characteristic tufts of "horns" above each eye.
The NCBI places the anole in subfamily Polychrotinae of the family Iguanidae.
Angonisaurus is an extinct genus of kannemeyeriiform dicynodont from the Late Triassic of Africa somewhere between 251 million years ago and 199 million years ago.
They are adapted for life in sandy deserts with fringe-like scales on their hind toes hence their common name.
Ctenosaura acanthura, commonly known as the northeastern spinytail iguana, is a species of iguanid lizard endemic to Mexico.
Cyrtodactylus khasiensis is a species of gecko found in Asia.
Agkistrodon bilineatus howardgloydi is a venomous pitviper subspecies found in Honduras, Nicaragua and Costa Rica.
The specific name refers to the Nemegt.
The Mount Sinai gecko is a species of lizard in the family Gekkonidae.
Streaked Kukri Snake is a species of nonvenomous snake found in Asia.
This species inhabits shallow creek beds and frequently forages on the floor of the Amazon rainforest for insects, amphibians, and mollusks.
Calyptosuchus is an extinct genus of crurotarsan from the Late Triassic of North America.
The validity of the species cannot be proven based on the fossil remains, and it is usually marked as a nomen dubium.
from 2014 concluded that Raeticodactylus was the sister species of Caviramus within a Raeticodactylinae.
The females lay three clutches of between one and three eggs per year.
Its tail is covered with small spines.
Hypnale hypnale is a venomous pitviper species endemic to India and Sri Lanka.
Ramphotyphlops ligatus is a species of snake in the Typhlopidae family.
These skinks are active during daytime and prey mainly on insects.
Boaedon lineatus, the striped house snake, is a species of Lamprophiid from throughout Africa.
In 2003, she suggested both genera represented one and the same animal.
Typhlops inornatus is a species of snake in the Typhlopidae family.
The genus was originally named on the basis of two large procoelous vertebrae, a pubis, and a plastral fragment.
Lepidodactylus lugubris is a female-only species of gecko.
Draco maculatus, commonly known as the spotted flying dragon, is a species of agamid flying lizard endemic to Southeast Asia.
It has six described species, which are found in European and North African countries next to the Mediterranean.
It is found in a very similar time and place as Gryposaurus monumentensis and Gryposaurus sp.
It was originally thought to belong to the species Clelia clelia.
Palleon nasus, commonly known as the elongate leaf chameleon, is a species of chameleon endemic to Madagascar.
This is a list of all genera, species and subspecies of the subfamily Erycinae, otherwise referred to as Old World sand boas, or erycines.
It is now known to have been a marine crocodylomorph.
Common names: Baird's rat snake, Baird's ratsnake, Baird's pilot snake, more.
The tropical spiny agama is a species of lizard from the Agamidae family, found in most of sub-Saharan Africa.
It has the most species and genera — over 850 species in 57 genera.
Phelsuma v-nigra v-nigra feeds on insects and nectar.
Distribution: restricted to the Western Ghats, in the states of Kerala, Karnataka and Tamil Nadu.
These skinks are active during day and dusk, and they are very timid.
Chalcides ragazzii, commonly called Ragazzi's cylindrical skink, is a species of lizard in the family Scincidae.
Some taxonomies believe these genera belong to the subfamily Agaminae.
The holotype IGM 100/1315 consists of a partial skull; other material has been found in 2002 and 2003 and has been ascribed to the genus.
These tortoises are classified as Critically Endangered by the IUCN, mainly because of the destruction of their habitat and because of poaching.
Bellusaurus and Ancient Greek sauros 'lizard') was a small short-necked sauropod dinosaur from the Middle Jurassic which measured about 4.8 metres long.
Another related species, K. vosseleri, occurs in the same range as K. multituberculata, while K. matschiei is restricted to the East Usambaras.
Very little is known about it, but it is one of the few Jurassic dinosaurs from South America found thus far.
The type and sole currently valid species is P. etalloni.
Hydraethiops is a genus of snakes of the family Colubridae.
It is also known as the Saint Barthélemy blind snake.
Consequently, one should not bring chameleons into a garden which is frequented by cats.
Scanisaurus lived during the Late Cretaceous of Sweden.
Drysdalia is a genus of snakes, commonly known as crowned snakes, belonging to the family Elapidae.
Acanthodactylus erythrurus, commonly known as the spiny-footed lizard, is a species of lacertid lizard endemic to northwestern Africa and the Iberian Peninsula.
Pseudocerastes are often referred to as false horned vipers because of the horn-like structures above their eyes that are made up of numerous small scales.
The Western bearded anole is a species of Anolis lizard from Cuba.
Dravidogecko is a monotypic genus of Indian gecko, commonly known as forest gecko.
Liolaemus lutzae, called commonly Lutz's tree iguana, is a species of lizard in the family Liolaemidae.
Gehyra is a genus of geckos known commonly as web-toed geckos or dtellas.
Macrochelodina represents those species that have often been termed the Chelodina B group, or thick necked snake neck turtles.
Later estimates reduced this to about 3.5 metres.
The species is endemic to Malpelo Island, which is part of Colombia.
The type and only known species is A. riocoloradense.
When threatened, it may open its mouth and stick out its tongue in a threat display.
The animal likes the habitats in low elevation and humid forests.
Males combat by ramming their shell during their breeding season between November and March.
They were part of a megafaunal assemblage that inhabited southern Australia during the Pleistocene.
Graciliscincus is a lizard genus in the family Scincidae.
It is a large, heavy-bodied black skink that can reach a length of 55 centimetres  with a mass of 220 grams.
A local saw the body of the turtle floating and reported it to the authority.
Typhlops yonenagae is a species of snake in the Typhlopidae family.
The black-throated monitor is a subspecies of monitor lizard native to Tanzania.
This acronym was combined with a Greek ὀδών, odon, "tooth".
Together they form a clade which sister group is Otocryptis.
CPU temperature, GPU temperature and HDD temperature.
The six-lined racerunner is a species of lizard native to the United States and Mexico.
No Macroscincus coctei has been observed since early in the 20th century.
Nessia deraniyagalai, commonly known as Deraniyagala's snake skink or Deraniyagala's nessia, is a species of limbless skink endemic to the island of Sri Lanka.
The hind limbs are better preserved than the forearms.
They eat a wide variety of small insects, millipedes, spiders, and occasional small vertebrates.
Angistorhinopsis is an extinct genus of altirostral pseudopalatine phytosaur.
Abronia bogerti is a species of lizard in the family Anguidae known by the common name Bogert's arboreal alligator lizard.
Microlophus is a genus of tropidurid lizards native to South America.
As its name suggests, it has a blue tongue, which contrasts with the pink interior of its mouth.
Based upon the bones very large size, it appears to have grown to a size comparable to Liopleurodon.
A single dune may have up to six species of Ctenotus.
The type species, A. wichmannianus, was described by prolific German paleontologist Friedrich von Huene in 1929, who also described a second species in 1929.
Glyptemys is a genus of turtles in the family Emydidae.
Melanochelys is a genus of turtles in the family Geoemydidae.
The quince monitor is a species of monitor lizards endemic to Indonesia.
Three subspecies are recognized: P. w. antoninoi, P. w. marettimensis and P. w. waglerianus.
The smooth softshell turtle is a species of softshell turtle of the family Trionychidae.
Chañares Formation also seems to support this faunal transition.
The type species, Siamosaurus suteethorni, was formally described by Buffetaut and Ingavat in 1986.
It belongs to the family Scylacosauridae, and resembles the genera Pristerognathus and Scymnosaurus.
It apparently had a jaw flattened towards the tip and triangular in cross-section.
It is distributed from the extreme southern part of the Chinese Guangxi Province southwards to central Vietnam and central Laos People's Democratic Republic.
It was a diplodocoid sauropod, related to, but more primitive than, Rebbachisaurus.
Heleosuchus is suggested as being either an early diapsid reptile, not closely related to other lineages, or as being an aberrant and primitive lepidosauromorph.
Leptotyphlops melanotermus, or the Latin American blind snake, is a species of snake in the family Leptotyphlopidae.
With an estimated total carapace length of more than 3.3 m, it was the largest turtle that ever existed, surpassing even Archelon.
It belonged to an adult or at least subadult individual, meaning that the species was rather small.
There is a strong colouration difference between the males and females.
They are largely aquatic and prefer slow-moving or still bodies of water with heavy vegetation.
Boiga nigriceps is a species of colubrid snake from South-East Asia.
The southern river terrapin is a turtle of the family Geoemydidae found in Malaysia, Indonesia and Cambodia.
Breviceratops was a herbivorous ceratopsian dinosaur from the Late Cretaceous of Mongolia.
Gloydius intermedius intermedius, Central Asian pit viper
Common names: primitive blind snakes, dawn blind snakes.
They occupy a fairly basal position among the Eugongylus group.
It was first described by Roux in 1913.
Rabdion grovesi is a species of snake in the family Colubridae.
The western worm lerista is a species of skink native to coastal areas of southwest and midwest Western Australia.
It also lived alongside the tyrannosaur Tarbosaurus.
The taipans are snakes of the genus Oxyuranus in the elapid family.
The Dactyloidae are a family of lizards commonly known as anoles .
Gigantspinosaurus is a genus of herbivorous ornithischian dinosaur from the Late Jurassic.
It occurs in westernmost South Africa and western Namibia.
It was a huge predator about 5-6 metres in length and, like all rauisuchians, was equipped with a large head of long sharp teeth.
It displays an aggressive behaviour, baring its open blue mouth and barking if provoked.
Two subspecies are currently recognized, including the nominate subspecies described here.
Latastia is a genus of lizards of the family Lacertidae.
It contains species and subspecies that are regionally termed as marbled geckos.
A study of its braincase showed that its neuroanatomy was in some ways intermediate between that of basal sauropodomorphs and that of neosauropods.
Echis megalocephalus is a venomous viper species endemic to one island in the Red Sea off the coast of Eritrea.
The genus consists of 10 species that are native to Mexico, Central America, and the northern part of South America.
Uropeltis ellioti, commonly known as Elliot's earth snake, is a species of snake in the family Uropeltidae.
Its length is up to 145 mm, snout to vent.
In 1991 they assigned it to the Homalocephalidae, in 1992 to the Pachycephalosauridae.
The specific epithet for this animal was given by the describer in honour of his nephew, Alan Robb.
Only one species of Aphanizocnemus is known, the type species A. libanensis.
It is an active little lizard, and if threatened will often play dead to confuse the attacker.
The Western New Guinea stream turtle or New Guinea snapping turtle is a species of freshwater turtle in the Chelidae family.
Its remains were found in France by two independent collectors, towards the end of the nineteenth century.
It is known from the holotype UFRGS PV 1027 T, a partial dentary, recovered from the middle section of the Caturrita Formation.
Its head was boxy and topped with a tall bony arch containing the nostrils.
It is also currently found in North, Central and South America and the Caribbean, where it has been inadvertently introduced by humans.
The fossils, consisting of three fossil dorsal vertebrae, are well-preserved but incomplete.
Hydromedusa is a turtle genus in the family Chelidae, commonly known as the South American snake-necked turtles.
During the Late Cretaceous, the Maevarano Formation was part of a semiarid and highly seasonal environment that may have been unsuitable for an aquatic lifestyle.
Mountain dragons are found in dry woodlands and heaths with access to open areas for sunning themselves.
Most are tropical and subtropical, although one species, Vipera berus, even occurs within the Arctic Circle.
The Cape Melville leaf-tailed gecko is a species of gecko that is endemic to the Melville Range on Cape Melville in Northern Australia.
The first specimen was found in channel sandstone that was deposited by flood waters originating from the young Ural mountains.
It is also known as Asian water dragon, Thai water dragon, and green water dragon.
The species is endemic to South America.
The boa constrictor is a member of the family Boidae, found in tropical North, Central, and South America, as well as some islands in the Caribbean.
It was first named by Jozef Klembaraa and Bryony Green in 2010, and represents one of the smallest anguines currently known.
Today, it is generally considered a nomen dubium.
This is a primitive snake known for its highly iridescent scales.
Crotalus oreganus is a venomous pit viper species found in North America in the western United States, parts of British Columbia, and northwestern Mexico.
Ramphotyphlops tovelli is a species of snake in the family Typhlopidae.
The specific name gravis means "heavy" in Latin.
The type remains come from the Mecsek Coal Formation, from the Middle Hettangian to the Early Sinemurian, and comprise several footprints.
Its fossils were found in the Coniacian-age Upper Cretaceous Bissekty Formation of Dzharakhuduk, Uzbekistan.
Its flanks are spotted and marbled, and its back and sides have narrow stripes along its length that fade towards its tail.
It may also be found in grasslands adjacent to woodlands.
The genus Heosemys was split out of the related genus Geoemyda by McDowell in 1964.
The dubious dtella or northern dtella is a species of gecko in the genus Gehyra, native to Northeastern Australia.
It is a common and harmless watersnake.
Hemiapsis damelii is a species of venomous snake of the Elapidae family.
Sirenoscincus mobydick is a species of mermaid skink, a lizard in the family Scincidae.
Pterospondylus is a dubious genus of theropod dinosaur from the Late Triassic.
Baharijodon is an extinct genus of trematochampsid crocodylomorph.
The Boettger's lizard is a lacertid endemic to two of the western Canary Islands, El Hierro and La Gomera.
Classified as "data deficient" by the IUCN, the New Zealand Department of Conservation treats it as extinct.
They are ovoviviparous; females give birth to 2 - 4 babies after three months of pregnancy.
Halisaurinae  is a subfamily of mosasaurs, a diverse group of Late Cretaceous marine squamates.
The holotype and only known specimen includes the postorbital skull, lacking the jugal and quadratojugal.
It is reputed to be one of two species other than cobras known to spit venom.
Reiszia is an extinct genus of non-mammalian synapsid.
Holodactylus is a genus of small geckos, collectively known as African clawed geckos.
The species was originally described by Albert Günther in 1890.
The ocellated gecko, Sphaerodactylus argus, is a species of gecko found in the Caribbean.
Little is known about the flora of the ancient Gobi Desert, and so it is unclear what it would have eaten.
It has two species, each inhabiting very high mountainous tracts of the Western Ghats in the Shola forest ecosystems.
Lepidothyris is a genus of skinks in the family Scincidae.
They are best known for their unique defense posture of curling up their tails, exposing their bright red-orange posterior, ventral surface when threatened.
Studies on the embryonic development of Amphisbaena alba have revealed that the remnants of the pelvic girdle and pectoral girdle are represented by small cartilage rods.
Fossils have been found from the Paraná Basin in Argentina that date back to the Oligocene.
Python europaeus is an extinct python species.
In 1953, Bohlin named these as the type species Heishansaurus pachycephalus.
These membranes help to conceal the gecko against trees.
Leiolopisma mauritiana also known as Didosaurus maurtianus, was a large species of skink.
Gloydius blomhoffii brevicaudus is a venomous pitviper subspecies endemic to China and the Korean Peninsula.
Arthroseps was the name formerly given to a genus of spectacled lizards.
It is the third-largest species of tortoise in the world, the largest species of mainland tortoise, and the only species in the genus Centrochelys.
M. temminckii is one of the heaviest freshwater turtles in the world.
The toes are slender, clawed, and angularly bent.
Lampropeltis elapsoides, the scarlet kingsnake, was formerly classified as the subspecies L. t. elapsoides, but is now recognized as a distinct species.
The type species, Protecovasaurus lucasi, was formally described by Andrew B. Heckert in 2004.
Probably quite close to Paracontias and possibly Androngo trivittatus, it belongs to a major clade which does not seem to include the type genus Scincus.
The young are capable of feeding themselves but will huddle together with their relatives.
Rewaconodon tikiensis is an extinct species of synapsid which existed in India during the upper Triassic period, the only species in the genus Rewaconodon.
It was first named by Paul E. P. Deraniyagala in 1967.
It is the smallest cat snake in Sri Lanka and grows up to a maximum of 600 mm in snout-vent length.
Eight genera and 31 species are currently recognized.
Pygomeles is a genus of skinks endemic to Madagascar.
Stenodactylus arabicus, known as the Arabian short-fingered gecko, is a gecko of the genus Stenodactylus.
The Murray River turtle is a wide-ranging species that occurs throughout many of the rivers of the eastern half of Australia.
The Mexican beaded lizard is larger than the Gila monster, with duller coloration, black with yellowish bands.
Remains have been found from the Lower Lufeng Series in Yunnan.
Drymarchon is a genus of large nonvenomous colubrid snakes, commonly known as indigo snakes, endemic to the Southeastern United States, Central America, and South America.
Urosaurus ornatus, commonly known as the ornate tree lizard, is a species of lizard native to the southwestern United States and northwestern Mexico.
Initially placed into Chamaeleo, it was for some time moved to the genus Calumma by some.
This allows even small shell fragments to be identified as Compsemys.
Endothiodon was widespread and is found across the southern region of what was then a single large continent known as Pangea.
Moghreberia is an extinct genus of dicynodont from the Triassic period in Morocco.
Reimann's snake-necked turtle is a species of turtle in the family Chelidae.
The Sicilian wall lizard is a species of lizard in the family Lacertidae.
It can grow to about 20 cm in total length.
Pachydactylus is a genus of insectivorous geckos, endemic to Africa, and commonly known as thick-toed geckos.
Schwarz and Fechner described a new dentary from the Uña coal mine of Cuenca province, Spain.
Hydrophis obscurus, commonly known as Russell's sea snake, is a species of venomous sea snake in the family Elapidae.
It is widespread on Saint Lucia and its offshore islets.
They are highly active in their habits, foraging amongst a diverse range of habitat.
Its dorsal ground color ranges from brown in drier habitats to bright green in wetter areas.
This species prefers rocky habitats having little vegetation.
Eremias suphani is a species of lizard found in the vicinity of Lake Van, Turkey.
The species is endemic to two Australian islands, Norfolk Island and Lord Howe Island, and has a common name Lord Howe Island southern gecko.
These do not include bones from the hand.
Two other species were named from this locality, with both later being reassigned: T. egloni, now Irenosaurus egloni; and T. magnus, now Ikechosaurus magnus.
The green thornytail iguana is an arboreal species of lizard from the Amazon rainforest and forests in the Guiana Shield.
Pachysuchus is a dubious extinct genus of basal sauropodomorph dinosaur from the Early Jurassic of China.
The authors consider the animal to have had an intermediate phylogenetic position between Liaoceratops and Archaeoceratops within Neoceratopia.
This allows them to blend with their habitat; they are a ground-dwelling species found amid leaf litter and sand.
The Bellinger River Turtle, is a species of turtle in the family Chelidae.
The remaining tortoises are found only in south western Madagascar, where they inhabit the spiny vegetation of the sandy coastal areas.
By present convention both specific names would be spelled as T. valdensis and T. lydekkeri respectively.
Antunes and Mateus, considered the Late Jurassic age to be more likely.
The small-scaled skink, Oligosoma microlepis, is a species of skink in the family Scincidae.
They tend to nest in the same areas as western skinks, and are visibly similar.
Its natural range extends from southeastern Canada, southwest to the edge of the Rocky Mountains, as far east as Nova Scotia and Florida.
Amphisbaena is a genus in the family Amphisbaenidae, commonly known as the worm lizards.
A lower jaw of Labidosaurus was described in 2011 that shows evidence of osteomyelitis, or an infection of the bone.
Podocnemis unifilis was one of the foreign species exploited by the American pet turtle trade in the 1960s.
Microlophus delanonis, the Española lava lizard or Hood lava lizard, is endemic to the Galapagos island of Española.
This species was thought extinct until it was rediscovered in 1994.
The coast horned lizard is a species of phrynosomatid lizard which can be found in Baja California Sur.
The turtles are found in the Amazon Basin.
Staurotypus is a genus of aquatic turtles commonly known as Mexican musk turtles, giant musk turtles, or three-keeled musk turtles.
It was distinguished based on differences in pattern and well as molecular studies.
Cadea is a genus of Amphisbaenia, commonly known as Cuban keel-headed worm lizards.
There are currently three recognized species, one of which, the coastal taipan, has two subspecies.
It was formerly considered synonym of Lachesis stenophrys.
The proposed "Fabrosaurs" descended from a Lesothosaurus-like animal.
Chasmatosuchus parvus, based on an anterior cervical vertebra, was synonymized with Macrocnemus in 1995.
information off of disk drives attached using USB external drive enclosures.
Bauria is an extinct genus of the suborder therocephalia that existed during the Early Triassic period, around 246-251 million years ago.
In Australia, these lizards are colloquially known as "Ta Ta" lizards, due to their habit of "waving" after running across hot surfaces.
The prairie earless lizard or eastern earless lizard is a subspecies of the lesser earless lizard,.
Liophis cursor, commonly known as Lacépède's ground snake, is a species of snake in the Colubridae family.
Coluber constrictor anthicus, commonly known as the buttermilk racer, is a subspecies of racer, a nonvenomous, colubrid snake, endemic to the southern United States.
The Angola dwarf gecko, is a species of gecko native to southern Africa.
Lycodon capucinus, also known as the common wolf snake, is a species of colubrid snake, which is commonly found in the Indo-Australian Archipelago.
Chamaelycus is a genus of colubrid snakes, commonly referred to as banded snakes, endemic to Central Africa.
The Oxford English Dictionary cites this usage as far back as 1675.
Common names: Hughes' carpet viper, Somali carpet viper, Hughes' saw-scaled viper.
It is fairly widespread on the main islands of Basse-Terre and Grande-Terre, but is not recorded on the other Guadeloupean islands.
The ornamental snake is a small elapid snake found in the Bowen Basin of Queensland, Australia.
Most gecko species can lose their tails in defense, a process called autotomy.
It is one of over 100 species in the genus Sphaerodactylus.
Abronia frosti, the Frost's arboreal alligator lizard or Salvador arboreal alligator lizard, is a species of lizard found in two isolated locations in Honduras.
Type locality for this species is Montgomery County, Alabama.
The species does not appear to be threatened, but it does occur in readily accessible areas, most especially by hikers.
Pangshura is a genus of geoemydid turtles endemic to South Asia.
It contains the single species L. vanderhorsti.
Echis carinatus carinatus, South Indian saw-scaled viper
It is found in southern California and Baja California.
Anthodon is an extinct genus of pareiasaurid parareptile from the Permian period of South Africa and Tanzania.
Appendicular elements lack smoothly finished articular surfaces."
Seven subspecies are currently recognized, including the nominate subspecies described here.
Anolis griseus, the Saint Vincent's tree anole, is a species of anole lizard.
Tropidophis taczanowskyi, or Taczanowski's dwarf boa, is a species of snake in the family Tropidophiidae.
Its non-breeding colours display striping down the entire length of the body.
It is the sister group for the clade formed by Sitana and Sarada.
White's skink is a species of skink in the family Scincidae.
Levnesovia is a genus of hadrosauroid dinosaur from the Late Cretaceous of Uzbekistan.
Blaesodactylus boivini is a species of gecko found in northern Madagascar.
It probably ate insects and other small invertebrates.
The genus includes the smallest tortoises in the world.
Its common name refers to the spines that are arranged like a comb on the toes of its hind legs.
Like others in the family Chamaeleonidae, it is distinguished by independently rotating eye sockets and a tongue longer than its body.
Common names: Ceylon earth snake, Cuvier's shieldtail, Kerala shieldtail.
Moanasaurus was a very large mosasaurine known originally from a disarticulated skull, vertebrae, ribs and paddle bones.
Indotestudo is a genus of tortoise from South and Southeast Asia.
In the wild the black roughneck monitor is very rarely seen, but whether this is because of its rarity or its very secretive behavior is uncertain.
They are a short, stocky snake, averaging at lower than five feet in length.
Fossils have been found in Kazakhstan in central Asia.
It should not be confused with ?Bothriospondylus madagascariensis, a distinct taxon.
Typhlops coecatus is a species of snake in the Typhlopidae family.
Halisaurines are known from North America, Europe, South America, and Africa.
Common box turtle numbers are declining because of habitat loss, roadkill, and capture for the pet trade.
Nevertheless, the name Elaphe is still widely used.
Females have a light brown head and body.
The species is endemic to Chile, and particularly to the Chilean matorral.
The rough gecko, Naultinus rudis, is a species of gecko in the family Gekkonidae native to New Zealand.
The Nubian spitting cobra is a species of spitting cobra native to Africa.
It contains one species, L. chiweta, first reported by Jacobs and colleagues in 2005.
It is found in the major rivers of South Asia.
As part of this unusual diet, this species has lost its fangs, and the venom glands are almost entirely atrophied.
Currently, ten genera are recognized containing over 200 species.
It is known from partial postcranial remains.
Corytophanes is a genus of Neotropical lizards, commonly referred to as helmeted iguanas or helmeted basilisks.
This used to be the only horned, arboreal viper known from Africa, until the discovery in 2011 of Atheris matildae, also found in Tanzania.
Despite the unusually high quantity of remains belonging to the genus, the only skeletal elements known from Musturzabalsuchus are the maxilla and mandible.
The diet includes insects and even smaller geckos.
An opalised vertebra of a theropod dinosaur was found before 1909 by T.C.
Two species are known, Phosphorosaurus ortliebi from Belgium, and P. ponpetelegans from Hokkaido in Japan.
The body scales are imbricate, and in 37–49 rows at the mid-body.
Amphisbaena ibijara is a species of amphisbaenian in the reptilian order Squamata.
It lives in slow-moving fresh waters, from southern Canada to Louisiana and northern Mexico, and from the Atlantic to the Pacific.
Morelia tracyae, more commonly known as the Halmahera python, is a species of python found only on the Indonesian island of Halmahera.
Its belly is mostly brown, but has an orange to red colouration towards the middle.
Bosc's fringe-toed lizard is a species of lacertid lizard endemic to North Africa and Western Asia.
The species, which is endemic to Sri Lanka, was originally described by Batuwia and Bahir in 2005.
This pre-dates the emergence date for the Chatham Islands, but indicates that O. n. nigriplantare colonized the Chatham Islands via overwater dispersal on a single occasion.
Because of this it is an endangered species and is protected in some areas.
Corytophanidae is a family of iguanian lizards, also called casquehead lizards or helmeted lizards, endemic to the New World.
Grayia is a genus of colubrid snakes commonly referred to as African water snakes.
It was around 20 centimetres in length, with long limbs and relatively small teeth.
Crotalus adamanteus is a pit viper species found in the southeastern United States.
It is found amongst heath and woodlands on coastal dunes.
The size of the dragon is smaller than related subspecies, no more than 360 mm long.
The skeleton is very similar to that of the modern Chinese crocodile lizard, Shinisaurus.
Species in the genus Elseya are found in river systems in northern and northeastern Australia and throughout the river systems of New Guinea.
It was first named in 1999, and contains one species, A. crassiscutata.
It belongs to a major clade of this group which does not seem to include the type genus Scincus however.
The type species, C. tashuikouensis, was described by Hu in 1964.
Typhlops minuisquamus is a species of snake in the Typhlopidae family.
This turtle is a grazing species that favors semi-arid, thorny to grassland habitats.
It consisted of limb elements, some dorsal vertebrae and a series of caudal vertebrae.
They are found in many habitats ranging from the edge of forest to cultivated areas and seem to like cooler temperatures and higher humidity.
Leptotyphlops macrolepis, or the Big-scaled blind snake, is a species of snake in the family Leptotyphlopidae.
It is a subspecies of the racer.
Dendrelaphis caudolineatus is a common species of colubrid snake known commonly as the striped bronzeback or bronze tree snake.
Aralazhdarcho is a genus of azhdarchid pterosaur from the Santonian-early Campanian Late Cretaceous Bostobe Svita of Kazakhstan.
Giant members of the genus were also present in mainland South America during the Pleistocene.
Its relatives became smaller in size during the Roadian Age.
The gecko may not be kept or sold in the EU without documentation and permits, renewable every three years, and geckos must now be registered.
Heleosuchus is an extinct genus of diapsid reptile from the Late Permian of South Africa.
Fossils have been found from the Santa Maria Formation in Rio Grande do Sul, Brazil that date back to the Late Triassic.
The snake has distinctive black stripes and a yellow snout, with a paddle-like tail for use in swimming.
When unharmed, it can live for up to 40 years in the wild and 58 years in captivity.
The average body mass is 150 g.
Sceloporus merriami, commonly known as the canyon lizard, is a species of phrynosomatid lizard native to the southwestern United States and northern Mexico.
Irmis, Nesbitt and Sues stated that they "could not find any crocodylomorph character states preserved in the holotype specimen".
Leptotyphlops burii, commonly known as the Arabian blind snake, is a species of snake in the family Leptotyphlopidae.
Paleontologist Harry Seeley had interpreted similar structures as pneumatic in his specimen of Ornithopsis.
Later other species were named from more complete remains and this raised the question whether they could be identical to Araripesaurus.
Lepidodactylus buleli, is a species of gecko endemic to Espiritu Santo, an island in the Vanuatu Archipelago.
This is due to several factors such as relaxed predation pressure, competitive release, or as an adaptation to increased environmental fluctuations on islands.
On its top is a low crest, two to three millimetres high.
Like nearly all colubrids, rat snakes pose no threat to humans.
In life, these spines most likely could have stuck out of the body as solitary structures that supported a keratinous sheath.
Trimeresurus gramineus is a venomous pit viper species found only in southern India.
It was very large compared to other alligatorids, save for the giant caiman Purussaurus and its closest relatives.
Mehelya capensis, commonly known as the Cape file snake, is a species of large, non-venomous snake endemic to Africa, belonging to the family Colubridae.
The California rock lizards are a genus of New World lizards in the family Phrynosomatidae.
Common names: Southern Pacific rattlesnake, black diamond rattlesnake, more.
Henkel's leaf-tailed gecko, also known as Henkel's flat-tailed gecko or the frilled leaf-tail gecko, is a species of gecko endemic to Madagascar.
Cyrtodactylus is a diverse genus of Asian geckos, commonly known as bent-toed geckos or bow-fingered geckos.
Viper boas are known to be slightly more aggressive than other Candoia.
The western false smooth snake or Iberian false smooth snake is a species of snake in the family Colubridae.
It is endemic to Mona Island, Puerto Rico and is the largest native terrestrial lizard in Puerto Rico.
Like its larger relatives, Peloneustes had a short neck and long jaws capable of grabbing large prey.
From this study, most specifically on the Southeastern population, females had greater shell heights, heavier body masses, and longer plastrons than males.
Three subspecies are recognized as being valid.
Massing together near the shore, they breed between narrow cracks in the reef and in caves.
Fossils have been found from the Romualdo Member of the Santana Formation in northeastern Brazil, dating back to the Albian stage of the Early Cretaceous.
It is endemic to the Sierra Madre Oriental of Mexico.
Apart from size, E. mahalanobsi also has a single longitudinal ridge on the snout, a lower position of the pineal boss, and a swollen prefrontal bone.
Champsosaurus is an extinct genus of diapsid reptile belonging to the order Choristodera.
They show evidence of a bird-like respiratory system.
Growth patterns in the teeth of Cynosphenodon suggest its close relationship with the modern tuatara.
Concinnia spinosa, the Nangur spiny skink or Nangur skink, is a lizard known from two patches of dry-rainforest in South East Queensland, Australia.
This species can be found burrowing underground at shallow soil depths.
It is a typically nonaggressive snake that feeds on frogs and toads.
They have light-detecting black eye spots, and teeth occur in the upper jaw.
Aspidites is a genus of pythons endemic to Australia.
Trimeresurus mucrosquamatus is a venomous pit viper species endemic to Asia.
They are collectively called file snakes due to their unusual scalation.
Elginia was a pareiasaur; a member of a group of Late Permian parareptiles which may have grown up to 3 metres.
Ramphotyphlops willeyi is a species of snake in the family Typhlopidae.
It is common in woodlands, forests and swamplands of eastern Australia.
Aigialosaurus is an extinct genus of mosasauroid within the family Aigialosauridae.
Western Indian leopard gecko is a species of leopard gecko found in western India, with its range possibly extending to southeastern Pakistan.
It is among the smallest snakes in the world.
They are a genus of small to medium-sized predators indigenous to arid environments of the southwestern regions of North America.
Calumma brevicorne, the short-horned chameleon, is a species of chameleon endemic to Madagascar.
W. aegyptia is entirely black in color, and has highly shiny scales.
Amargasuchus is an extinct genus of crocodylomorph.
During the nineteenth and most of the twentieth century, Suchosaurus was usually considered to have been some obscure crocodilian, perhaps belonging to the Pholidosauridae.
Ophiomorus is a genus of Old World skinks.
Psammophis brevirostris, also known as the short-snouted grass snake, is a diurnal, mildly venomous snake native to southern Africa.
The Two-Lined Blind Snake is a harmless blind snake species endemic to Martinique in the Lesser Antilles.
Members of this subfamily are found in Australia and New Guinea, although one species, the Chinese water dragon, is found in Southeast Asia.
Its common names include collared tree lizard, collared tree runner, and harlequin racerunner.
The name Agrosaurus is now generally considered to be a nomen dubium or a junior synonym of Thecodontosaurus.
Eumecia is a genus of skinks found in Sub-Saharan Africa.
The reticulated python is a species of python found in Southeast Asia.
Known by the common name Smith's arboreal alligator lizard, the species is endemic to the state of Chiapas in Mexico.
The species is endemic to the West Indies.
This species was once widespread through much of the North Island and on many offshore islands in the Hauraki Gulf and north of the Coromandel Peninsula.
The supposed Mauremys pritchardi turtles are wild and captive-bred hybrids between the present species and the Chinese pond turtle.
The epithet lindheimeri is to honor the German-American naturalist Ferdinand Jacob Lindheimer, who collected the first specimen in New Braunfels, Texas.
Its fossils have been found in Upper Triassic rocks of the Argana Basin, Morocco.
Mabuya bistriata is a species of skink found in South America and some islands in the Caribbean.
The rough mabuya or brown mabuya is a species of skink.
Phrynops hilarii, commonly known as Hilaire’s toadhead turtle or Hilaire’s side-necked turtle, is a species of turtle endemic to South America.
It is endemic to Tsushima Island in Japan.
Typhlops, however, is more primitive in retaining a splenial in a peculiar position sharing with the dentary the symphysis.
The Soutpansberg flat lizard is a species of lizard in the Cordylidae family.
It is often mistaken for the more common Herero girdled lizard Namazonurus pustulatus as they both are similar in size and have flattened bodies.
It was named in 1969 as a replacement for Compressidens, which was already in use for a mollusk.
Afrogecko is a genus of small leaf-toed geckos from southern Africa.
It is sometimes treated as a full species, Crotalus angelensis.
It is considered dangerous to humans, and numerous fatalities have been recorded in New Guinea and on adjacent islands, where the snake is endemic.
Oromycter is an extinct genus of caseid synapsid from the Early Permian of Oklahoma.
The eastern long-necked turtle is an east Australian species of snake-necked turtle that inhabits a wide variety of water bodies and is an opportunistic feeder.
Adriosaurus is an extinct genus of aquatic lizard that lived about 95 million years ago.
It is found in the Maritime Southeast Asia: Indonesia, Malaysia, Philippine Islands, Sulu Islands, as well as on the Nicobar islands of India.
It was originally described on the basis of a single specimen collected in 1964.
Ocepesuchus is an extinct genus of gavialoid crocodilian, related to modern gharials.
The holotype, DNPM, consists of a partial wing, including distal fragments of the radius and ulna, carpals, all metacarpals and several digits.
Adult bog turtles weigh 110 grams on average.
The plastron is firmly attached, yellow or orange, with a black blotch on each scute.
The western ground snake is a species of small, harmless colubrid snake.
Amphisbaena ridleyi, known by the common names Ridley's worm lizard or the Noronha worm lizard, is a species of amphisbaenian in the genus Amphisbaena.
Laophis is a genus of viperid snake currently containing one known species that lived during the Pliocene in Northern Greece.
Even then, however, it was considered a nomen dubium as so few remains of the animal have been found.
The paratypes, though not yet full-grown, were about 3 metres.
Fossils have been found from the Fremouw Formation in the southern Transantarctic Mountains of Antarctica.
They do not, however, occur in the Gulf of Carpentaria along the north coast.
Like other protosuchians, it is believed to have been a fully terrestrial cursorial animal with a semi-erect posture.
Trimeresurus stejnegeri is a species of venomous pit viper endemic to Asia.
It is the most widespread of the Galápagos species of Microlophus, the others only occurring on single islands.
Dendrelaphis grandoculis is a species of snake found in the Western Ghats in India.
What was once placed in Lygosoma, for example, is now divided among some 15 genera.
The Kalahari tree skink, Trachylepsis spilogaster, is a lizard in the skink family.
Typhlosaurus is a genus of African lizards, one of a number of genera of limbless lizards in the skink family.
The subspecies have strikingly different appearances, and many of them have their own common names.
This freshwater turtle is endemic to small pools, streams, and swamps in northern Colombia, but it aestivates on land.
Oligodon albocinctus, commonly known as the light-barred kukri snake, is a species of colubrid snake.
Gehyra variegata, the tree dtella, variegated dtella or varied dtella, is a species of gecko in the genus Gehyra, native to inland Australia.
A phylogenetic tree of Lerista, derived from DNA analysis, reveals that limb loss has happened multiple times within this group.
The Gulf Coast horned lizard is a horned lizard species native to Baja California, Mexico.
The holotype specimen BYU 13258 is composed of a partial but mostly articulated skeleton, which includes the skull, the vertebral column and a partial pelvis.
In 1978 George Olshevsky was the first to combine the two names, making Teinurosaurus sauvagei Olshevsky 1978 vide Nopcsa 1928 emend.
Boiga cyanea is a Colubrid snake species found in South Asia, China and South-east Asia.
Nine subspecies have been described, each of which has a very restricted range and varies in coloration and other physical characteristics.
The earless skinks form the genus Hemiergis in the skink family Scincidae.
Leioheterodon modestus or the blonde hognose is a snake species native to Madagascar.
Barapasaurus is a genus of basal sauropod dinosaur from Early Jurassic rocks of India.
Cymbospondylus was a basal early ichthyosaur that lived between the middle and later years of the Triassic period.
Chilantaisaurus is a genus of neovenatorid theropod dinosaur from the late Cretaceous Ulansuhai Formation of China.
Leptotyphlops broadleyi is a species of snake in the family Leptotyphlopidae.
Oligodon juglandifer, the walnut kukri snake, is a species of snake found in northeastern India.
The Cylindrophiidae are a monotypic family of nonvenomous snakes containing the genus Cylindrophis found in Asia.
A second species, P. hutchisoni, was reassigned from the genus Euclastes.
The eastern stone gecko reproduces during spring and summer.
It was approximately 3 metres in length.
Like sea turtles they gather in huge numbers to travel to suitable nesting areas.
Fossil remains of Gigantatypus are so far only represented in sediments from Jordan.
Walterinnesia is a genus of venomous elapid snake, also known as the Desert Black Snake or Black Desert Cobra.
The horizon from which remains have been found is Carnian in age.
The type species, described by González Riga et al.
It was first named by Capellini in 1884.
Like all members of the genus, this animal was toothless, except for prominent tusks, and probably cropped vegetation with a horny beak, like a tortoise.
Lycodon mackinnoni, commonly known as Mackinnon's wolf snake, is a species of colubrid snake, which is endemic to Asia.
Proterosuchia refers to one of the suborders of thecodontia; specifically the most primitive and ancestral forms.
Zonosaurus, which consists of 17 species occupy the majority of the biomes distributed throughout the Island.
The species thrives in forest and water margins in tropical refuges.
Efimov transferred the species to the new genus Irenosaurus in 1988.
Efforts to maintain the species in captivity proved futile.
Enhydrina zweifeli are commonly known as the Sepik or Zweifel’s beaked seasnake.
Uropeltis petersi, commonly known as the Peter's earth snake, is a species of nonvenomous snake in the family Uropeltidae.
It is endemic to the state of Chiapas in Mexico.
An identifying trait of Umoonasaurus is three crest-ridges on its skull.
2016 - from Maharashtra state and pats of Central India.
Bothriechis lateralis is a venomous pit viper species found in the mountains of Costa Rica and western Panama.
The earless monitor lizard is a semi-aquatic, brown lizard native to the Southeast Asian island of Borneo.
The king cobra, also known as hamadryad, is a species of venomous snake in the family Elapidae.
The Roque Chico de Salmor giant lizard was the nominate subspecies of the lacertid Gallotia simonyi.
It is a common species inhabiting deserts and dry shrublands with sandy substrates.
It is one of many lizard species known to be parthenogenetic.
Bungarus candidus, commonly known as the Malayan krait or blue krait, is a species of krait, a venomous elapid snake.
The femur, with an undamaged length estimated at 35 centimetres, indicates a body length of two and a half to three metres.
Ctenophorus ornatus, the ornate crevice-dragon, is a species of lizard in the family Agamidae.
Glyptops is an extinct genus of cryptodire turtle dating from the Late Jurassic and Early Cretaceous periods 155 to 99 m.y.a.
Vipera aspis francisciredi is a venomous viper subspecies endemic to northern and central Italy and adjacent Croatia, Slovenia, and Switzerland.
Bothrops ammodytoides is a venomous pit viper species endemic to Argentina.
Three subspecies are currently recognized, including the nominate subspecies described here.
Ctenosaura hemilopha, also known as the cape spinytail iguana , is a species of spinytail iguana endemic to Baja California.
Anolis lizards also share many characteristics with geckos.
Pinacosuchus was a diminutive crocodylomorph with spiky armor, and is known only from meagre remains.
The original publication, by Mahammed et al., gives Chebsaurus the nickname "the Giant of Ksour".
The name "false cobra" comes from the fact that this is not a cobra.
It is known only from three fossilized teeth, and is therefore a tooth taxon.
C. sarasinorum is nocturnal, and less arboreal than the other Rhacodactylus geckos.
Helicops carinicaudus is a species of snake in the Colubridae family.
Amphiesma khasiense, commonly known as the Khasi Hills keelback, is a species of colubrid snake endemic to southeastern Asia.
It was first named by Dollo in 1903.
It was originally described as Chalcides ocellatus montanus.
It is active by day and often basks in open, sun-lit patches for warmth.
It is most closely related to the genera Caypullisaurus and Brachypterygius.
Tympanocryptis is a genus of Australian lizards in the family Agamidae.
All extant Fijian iguanas are in the genus Brachylophus, together with an extinct species from Tonga.
The yellow-throated day gecko is an endangered diurnal species of gecko from eastern Madagascar.
They are found as solitary individuals or in pairs on rock outcrops in arid savannah.
The common name is derived from their habit of running on their hind legs with the body held upright.
Like all sauropods, it was a large, quadrupedal herbivore with long neck and tail.
Despite their common name, they are not part of the day gecko genus and do not resemble them in any way.
Lycophidion is a genus of nonvenomous lamprophiid snakes commonly referred to as the wolf snakes.
Boiga trigonata, commonly known as the Indian gamma snake or common cat snake, is a species of rear-fanged colubrid endemic to South Asia.
Dahl's toad-headed turtle is a medium-sized species of side-necked turtle in the Chelidae family.
Eryx elegans is a nonvenomous boa species endemic to western Central Asia.
Study of this species has been impeded by difficulties collecting and observing the species.
The threats are also unknown but does not seem to be threatened by Yemen's small-scale agriculture.
The first Russian choristodere, Efimov and Storrs found it difficult to distinguish from K. orlovi based on the small amount of material.
Hofmeyria is an extinct genus of non-mammalian synapsid.
It lives in the Comoros and typically inhabits trees and bushes.
The generic name refers to Trauku, the Araucanian mountain spirit, usually represented like a giant, and titan, the name of the Greek mythological giants.
Agamura is a genus of geckos containing the species Agamura persica.
Bibron's gecko is a species of thick-toed gecko endemic to southern Africa.
Leptotyphlops unguirostris, or the Southern blind snake, is a species of snake in the family Leptotyphlopidae.
It lives in northern Madagascar, typically inhabits rainforests, and dwells on trees.
The species is endemic to Sri Lanka and discovered from Rakwana area of Matara District.
Hemisphaeriodon is a genus of lizards containing only one species, Hemisphaeriodon gerrardii, the pink-tongued skink.
Also like other geckos, pygopodids have the ability to vocalise - emitting a high-pitched squeak.
The species name of this lizard, baritj, is an Australian aboriginal word for white, as the lizard is named after its discoverer, Dr. Neville White.
The common box turtle is a species of box turtle with six existing subspecies.
The genus was named in 1971 by Brazilian paleontologist Llewellyn Ivor Price.
It is the heaviest though not the longest venomous snake in the Americas and the largest rattlesnake.
It probably lives in xerophytic vegetation and is presumably an egg-laying species.
They are the only dinosaur fossil remains ever found in Arkansas.
Tasmaniosaurus is one of the earliest reptiles known to have lived in Australia.
Although they usually appear singly or in pairs, as many as six individual snakes have been observed together.
Amphisbaena mitchelli is a worm lizard species in the genus Amphisbaena.
Researchers from France's National Museum of Natural History, recovered nine eggs during an expedition to the region in 2006.
It is distributed in four main population groups on the island, which were initially described as subspecies and now are recognized as ecotypes.
Lampropeltis triangulum, commonly known as a milk snake or milksnake, is a species of king snake.
The Middle American burrowing snake is a species of dipsadine colubrid snake, endemic to Mexico and Central America.
Endogomphodon is an extinct genus of non-mammalian synapsid.
Morrison Formation Cteniogenys were 25 to 50 centimetres long, and probably weighed less than 500 grams.
Like the geckos, pygopodids lay two eggs in each clutch and nest communally.
Chersodromus is a genus of snakes of the family Colubridae.
Even if it is considered harmless, an allergic reaction from the bite can still occur, and all bites should be taken seriously.
Nephrurus amyae, commonly known as the rough knob-tailed gecko, is a species of gecko.
Aristonectes has been classified variously since the 1941 description, but a 2003 review of plesiosaurs conducted by Gasparini et al.
It can glide, as with all species of its genus Chrysopelea, by stretching the body into a flattened strip using its ribs.
It is the type species of the genus Eryx.
Under this classification, Brookesiinae included the genera Brookesia and Rhampholeon, as well as the genera later split off from them.
Pantherophis alleghaniensis, commonly called the eastern ratsnake, is a nonvenomous colubrid species endemic to North America.
It was long thought to be the only member of its genus, until T. solimoensis was described in 2007.
Common names: Arafura File snake, Elephant Trunk Snake or wrinkle file snake.
Typhlops decorsei is a species of African typhlopid snake.
The lizards are normally brown in color and have spines on the head, torso, and tail.
The shaft of the buttock ends in a side view in large "foot" the tip of which points obliquely downwards and forwards.
The subspecies was formerly classified in the genus Trionyx.
Lusitanosaurus is a genus of basal thyreophoran dinosaur from the Early Jurassic of Portugal.
With a length of 3–4 m, it was small compared to most other mosasaurs.
Ctenosaura palearis, commonly known as the Guatemalan spiny-tailed iguana, is a species of spiny-tailed iguana endemic to the Motagua Valley, Guatemala.
The yellow-faced turtle, is a medium-sized aquatic turtle inhabiting rivers, streams and permanent water bodies across much of northern Australia.
In general females have longer bodies than males, but much shorter tails.
The wild population trend of Phoenicolacerta cyanisparsa is stable; its population is neither increasing or decreasing significantly.
Its extinction may have been caused by a hurricane, or through the introduction of predatory species to the island.
Large numbers of rattlesnakes are killed by humans.
Teratoscincus is a genus of geckos commonly referred to as wonder geckos or frog-eyed geckos; it is the only genus within the subfamily Teratoscincinae.
Bienotherium was a therapsid from the Early Jurassic of China.
Acteosaurus is an extinct genus of aquatic lizard that lived in the upper Cretaceous period.
It is usually found in rock crevices or under plant debris.
Svalbardosaurus is a genus of ichthyosaurs from the Lower Triassic.
The species is endemic to New Zealand.
Agamidae is a family of over 300 species of iguanian lizards indigenous to Africa, Asia, Australia, and a few in Southern Europe.
The elegant sea snake is a highly venomous sea snake in the Elapidae family.
Gongylosoma nicobariensis is a species of snake found in the Nicobar Islands of India.
The 30 cm long creature, known from fossils found in Kansas, United States, was one of the first diapsids, along with Petrolacosaurus.
Liophidium is a genus of lamprophiid snakes, nine of which are endemic to the island of Madagascar and one to the island of Mayotte.
Many of the newly added skink species discovered along with S. powelli are facing extinction for the same reason.
Dibamus is a genus of legless lizards in the family Dibamidae.
They have a fixed lens within each iris that enlarges in darkness to let in more light.
The species is named for the light yellowish-brown color of its underside and for its head shape which is characteristic of the genus Bothrops.
It ranges from Baja California to the state of Washington and lives in a variety of habitats including grasslands, chaparral, forests, and even urban areas.
Most of the turtle trade is destined for human consumption but traditional medicine and the pet trade are also driving demand for turtles.
It is the oldest known member of Kuehneosauridae.
It is included in the synapsid clade Caseidae in the order Pelycosauria.
Rhacodactylus geckos are sexually dimorphic, with the males possessing larger preanal pores than the females as well as a distinct hemipenis pocket.
This crossing was made possible by their ability to float with their heads up and to survive up to six months without food or water.
O. taeniurus is a long, thin, semi-arboreal species of snake with several recognized subspecies.
The species is endemic to South Africa.
Although it prefers lowland forest and moist savanna habitats, this cobra is highly adaptable and can be found in drier climates within its geographical range.
Individuals are marked with alternating black and white or yellowish bands, which give the species both its common names and the Latin name.
They are nocturnal, arboreal, insectivorous lizards, found in primary and secondary forest, as well as degraded habitats.
This garter snake prefers wet and marshy areas, and because of its elusive nature, it is difficult to see or capture.
Chitra is a genus of turtles in the family Trionychidae.
Its tpe locality is Yercaud Town, in the Shevaroyan Range, Salem District, Tamil Nadu, southwest India, at 1515 m above sea level.
The species was first described by the scientist Edward Blyth in 1861.
The hatchlings, when emerging from nests, are larger than other sea turtle hatchlings when they hatch.
Chelodina kuchlingi, commonly known as Kuchling's turtle, is a species of freshwater turtle in the family Chelidae.
Unlike many other primitive Ornithischians, such as heterodontosaurids and hypsilophodontids, the teeth of fabrosaurids are very thinly and uniformly enameled.
It is closely related to Amphiesma platyceps, and some treat this species as a synonym..
Furcifer nicosiai is a large species of chameleon that is endemic to western Madagascar.
The Scree skink, Oligosoma waimatense, is a species of skink native to several sites throughout the South Island of New Zealand.
The Grand skink, Oligosoma grande, is an endangered species of large skink endemic to the central Otago region of New Zealand.
It is rear-fanged and is mildly venomous.
Both species are found on various island of New Caledonia.
The frontal bone is hour-glass shaped and covered in deep pits, unlike those of any lizard but similar to the frontals of most crocodilians.
The large-headed water snake is a species of snake in the family Colubridae.
Stupendemys geographicus was more robust; its remains have been found in the Urumaco Formation of Venezuela.
Laplatasaurus is a genus of titanosaurian sauropod dinosaur that lived during the Late Cretaceous in South America.
Testudines are placed in the subclass Anapsida because they lack fenestration.
This extends the temporal range of Probelesodon into the Carnian stage of the Late Triassic.
It is sometimes referred to as a fire snake.
It was these that gave rise to the mammals.
Its taxonomic history is complex due to confusion with Trachylepis atlantica from the Atlantic Ocean island of Fernando de Noronha and doubts regarding its type locality.
In breeding colours, it is strongly striped in black and white over its forequarters, becoming bright orange-brown over its hindquarters and tail.
A. goldeni is notable among turtles for the presence of two nasal openings instead of one, giving it a vaguely pig-nosed appearance in life.
The Okavango mud turtle is a species of turtle in the Pelomedusidae family endemic to Africa.
It was described based on specimens from Mussoorie and from Nainital in the Kumaon division, the latter reflected in the specific name kumaonensis.
Paralaudakia badakhshana is an agamid lizard found in NE Afghanistan, N Pakistan, Kashmir, China, SE Turkmenistan, eastward through Tajikistan to W Kyrgyzstan.
Fenghuangopterus is a genus of basal pterosaur that lived in northeastern China during the Middle Jurassic.
They are viviparous and eat small invertebrates, especially grasshoppers.
PSL 330202, consisting of two dorsal vertebrae, was made a paratype; these bones may belong to the same individual.
More specifically, they are referred to as black sea turtles due to their unique dark pigmentation.
The entire Ctenophorus genus maintains a generally constant body shape, adapted for the Australian climate.
It is quite capable of changing its coloration, though, often taking on a shade to blend into the background and becoming darker when under stress.
The specific name means "strong" in Latin.
The three species in this genus are venomous, but not considered deadly.
Lamprolepis, the emerald skinks, are a genus of skinks in the subfamily Lygosominae.
Despite its uncertain nomenclatural status, images of Gigantspinosaurus had appeared in several sources.
It has limited vision, and its diet consists of insects and other small invertebrates.
It has a short head, thick trunk, and no easily discernible neck.
In Sinhalese language, it is known as "Kandukara Bodilima - කදුකර බෝදිලිමා."
The Round Island skink also gives a SENI value of .06.
It is only known from very few specimens from four localities and found in tropical deciduous, dry coastal, and scrub forest.
Calliophis nigriscens, commonly known as the black coral snake or striped coral snake, is a species of venomous elapid snake endemic to India.
It was first named by Edward Drinker Cope in 1867, and contains three species.
Geckolepis is a genus of geckos, commonly referred to as fish scale geckos, which are endemic to Madagascar and the Comoro Islands.
Some other small chameleons from eastern and central Africa are occasionally placed herein, but this is probably in error and not followed here.
In 1938 Nagao dedicated a second article to the species.
It was first described in 2012 by F. Glaw, J. Koehler, T.M.
The spiny turtle inhabits lowland and hill rainforest, usually in the vicinity of small streams, mainly in hill areas up to 900 m above sea level.
It lived in the late Albian stage.
The massasauga is a rattlesnake species found in midwestern North America from southern Ontario to northern Mexico, and parts of the United States in between.
Reptiles are classified according to the pattern of fenestration in the temporal region of the skull.
Pritchard's snake-necked turtle is a species of turtle in the family Chelidae.
Günther's Reed Snake Liopeltis frenatus is a species of snake.
The banded rock lizard is a species of phrynosomatine lizard.
Carlia is a genus of skinks, commonly known as four-fingered skinks, in the subfamily Lygosominae.
Other fossils attributed to this genus have been found in Germany and Italy.
Gonatodes is a genus of New World dwarf geckos of the family Sphaerodactylidae.
Strangely, they do not choose the background colour and may not even be able to perceive colour differences.
Kinosternon is a genus of small aquatic turtles from the Americas known commonly as mud turtles.
Crotalus oreganus lutosus is a venomous pit viper subspecies found in the Great Basin region of the United States.
Jiutaisaurus is a genus of sauropod dinosaur from the Quantou Formation of China.
Its diet would then have consisted of the swamp plants which grew in the delta streams in its habitat, scooped up by the broad, down-turned mouth.
Vipera barani is a venomous viper species endemic to Turkey.
It is found in the Cape Province, Transkei, Natal, Lesotho, Free State, Transvaal, Swaziland, Northern Cape and Namibia.
Carandaisuchus is an extinct genus of caiman.
The specific name schlegelii honors the German herpetologist Hermann Schlegel.
The specific name is derived from Greek ὀξύς, oxys, "sharp", and ὀδών, odon, "tooth".
The Culebra Island giant anole is an extremely rare or possibly extinct species of lizard of the genus Anolis in the family Dactyloidae.
Based on the diet of modern softshell turtles, it was an omnivore, eating water plants, invertebrates, and perhaps small fish.
Aspidura trachyprocta, the common rough-sided snake, known as දලව මැඩිල්ලා in Sinhala, is a colubrid species endemic to Sri Lanka.
The specific name trielbae is derived from "Tri", in reference to the Triassic period, and "Elba", which points to the Elbe River area.
The Pascagoula map turtle is a species of turtle in the Emydidae family endemic to the southern United States.
The Latha's Day Gecko is a species of diurnal gecko endemic to island of Sri Lanka.
Uropeltis arcticeps, commonly known as the Madurai earth snake or the Tinevelly uropeltis, is a species of snake in the family Uropeltidae endemic to India.
The gray checkered whiptail is a species of lizard native to the United States in southern New Mexico and western Texas, and northern Mexico.
The painted wood turtle or spot-legged wood turtle is a species of turtle belonging to the genus Rhinoclemmys of the family Geoemydidae.
Calamaria albiventer is a species of snake in the Colubridae family.
It lived during the Sinemurian stage of the Early Jurassic, about 194 million years ago.
They are also relatively long-lived compared to many of the smaller skink species.
Mauritius ornate day gecko is a diurnal species of geckos.
The coastal day gecko, Cnemaspis littoralis, is a species of gecko found in the Western Ghats of India.
The limb bones are also modified to accommodate to the shell.
It follows the taxonomy currently provided by ITIS, which is based on the continuing work of Dr. Roy McDiarmid.
Sphenops is a genus of skinks found in the Sahara region of Africa.
The impressed tortoise, occurs in mountainous forest areas in Southeast Asia in Burma, southern China, Thailand, Laos, Vietnam, Cambodia and Malaysia.
The oriental garden lizard, eastern garden lizard or changeable lizard is an agamid lizard found widely distributed in Asia.
Brookesia lambertoni, commonly known as the Fito leaf chameleon, is a species of chameleon endemic to Fito in eastern Madagascar.
The hind limbs, much better conserved than the front limbs, are relatively long.
Sauropod, abelisauroid, and stegosaurian dinosaurs have also been found existing in the Neuquén basin at this time.
Most cranial elements have been found in The Netherlands.
Other common names include the American green anole, American anole, and red-throated anole.
Dolichophis schmidti is a species of snake in the family Colubridae.
The Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species outlaws the capture and trade of hawksbill sea turtles and products derived from them.
It is known from only three specimens, all of which were collected in montane forests in the Northern Range.
It has become a well-established and popular pet in captivity.
Echis jogeri is a venomous viper species endemic to Mali.
The specimen was collected from Upper Yezo Group.
Doliosauriscus probably reached a length up to 4 m.
The species was described in 2013 by Australian zoologists Conrad Hoskin and Patrick Couper.
Morelia bredli is a non-venomous python species found in Australia.
Furcifer cephalolepis is a species of chameleon that is endemic to Grande Comore.
Loss of habitat, as a result of filling in ponds to create houses is also a major issue.
The single member species, D. russelii, is found in Asia throughout the Indian subcontinent, much of Southeast Asia, southern China and Taiwan.
They are naturally very shy, and will not bite unless provoked.
Common names for this species include south-eastern Morethia skink, Boulenger's snake-eyed skink, Boulenger's Morethia, and Boulenger's skink.
Collilongus is an extinct genus of small archosauriform, possibly a rauisuchian, known from Early Triassic rocks of Czatkowice 1, Poland.
The Skyros wall lizard is a species of lizard in the family Lacertidae.
This series is made up of 25 proximal vertebrae.
Ctenospondylus had a long tail, short back spines, and a very deep yet narrow skull with massive jaws that had sharp teeth.
The common brown water snake is a species of nonvenomous, South African, colubrid snake.
Dermal light sensitivity is found in all the major animal phyla.
It is brown, slender, olive-gray, with a black head bordered by a white collar.
Some authorities suggest that this species may be split into several separate species.
The marbled leaf-toed gecko is a gecko found in southern and southwestern South Africa and in Namibia.
Euspondylus is a genus of gymnophthalmid lizards endemic to northern South America.
The local Nyungar name for the dugite is dobitj.
Atheris katangensis is a venomous viper species endemic to the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
They are well distributed in the Baboquivari, Pajarito, Atascosa, Santa Rita, Empire, Patagonia, Chiricahua, Swisshelm, Pedregosa, and Peloncillo mountains of southeastern Arizona.
The genus is endemic to Sri Lanka.
Lampropeltis elapsoides, the scarlet kingsnake, was formerly classified as the subspecies L. t. elapsoides, but is now recognized as a distinct species.
It is one of the largest snakes in the world but smaller than its close relative, the green anaconda.
Siphlophis compressus is a snake found in tropical South America and Trinidad and Tobago.
It is the largest horned lizard and is also the most slender.
They are distinguished from their closest relatives by a hinge in the front section of the plastron.
Individuals tend to flail to escape rather than bite.
The generic name is derived from the Tarasque or Tarasca, a devouring monster from Occitan and Spanish folklore.
It is believed that females lay one or two eggs that hatch in 2 to 3 months.
Madtsoia is an extinct genus of madtsoiid snake.
The Egyptian cobra is a species of cobra found in Africa.
Its phylogenetic position within Archosauriformes is uncertain; the author of its description classified it as a sphenosuchid crocodylomorph, while Kischlat considered it to be a rauisuchian.
Echinosaura sulcarostrum is a lizard of the family Gymnophthalmidae.
It is found in Indonesia, Brunei, Malaysia, Thailand and Singapore.
The species is threatened, with a restricted range under pressure from human activities such as agriculture and development, and is specially protected in the United States.
Egernia is a genus of skinks that occurs in Australia.
The Brazilian coral snake is a species of coral snake in the family Elapidae.
Leptotyphlops nursii, or Nurse's blind snake, is a species of snake in the family Leptotyphlopidae.
It is noteworthy that its range is nearly 5000 km away from the centre of the distribution area of the genus Phelsuma.
Rauisuchus is a genus of extinct basal archosaur which lived in what is now the Geopark of Paleorrota, Brazil, during the middle Triassic period.
The eastern blue-tongued lizard is a stout and slow lizard with brown to grey scales and a barred pattern across the body and tail.
Typhlops epactius is a species of snake in the Typhlopidae family.
Amphisbaenians are fossorial reptiles with few predators due to their powerful bite and writhing defensive tactics.
Before its description, it was known as the "Peirópolis titanosaur", after the place it was found.
This specimen was found in the Coniacian-age Upper Cretaceous Bissekty Formation of Dzharakhuduk, Uzbekistan.
The replacement name, Siebenrockiella, was published in 1929 by Wassili Adolfovitch Lindholm, and commemorates Friedrich Siebenrock.
The Diplodactylidae are a family in the suborder Gekkota, with about 137 species in 25 genera.
In some phylogenies Eosuchia has been treated as a sister lepidosaur taxon to Squamata and Rhynchocephalia.
Inyoka is a monotypic genus of southern African colubrids.
Pantherophis vulpinus, commonly known as the western or eastern fox snake, is a species of rat snake that is endemic to North America.
The adult loggerhead sea turtle weighs approximately 135 kg, with the largest specimens weighing in at more than 450 kg.
Also called eyelid geckos, the eublepharines have more primitive features than other geckos.
It is endemic to Thailand and known from the Nakhon Ratchasima Province, Saraburi Province, and Bangkok.
The genus includes five subtropical species found in Asia.
The name derives from the Latin word for "extraordinary" or "exquisite", and refers to the lizard's distinctive, camouflaged appearance.
Due to the condition of the remains, information on the species is limited.
It is found in Portugal and Spain.
Stephanosaurinae, a group which Lambe named in 1920, was also renamed Lambeosaurinae.
The species is named after John George Children.
Woolungasaurus glendowerensis is a plesiosaur, an extinct marine reptile, belonging to the Elasmosauridae.
The type species of Caribemys is C. oxfordiensis.
It is sometimes treated as a full species, Crotalus lorenzoensis.
The Polychrotidae family was once thought to encompass all anoles, including those in the genus Anolis.
These animals are also known as jointed snakes.
Sceloporus occidentalis taylori is a subspecies of the western fence lizard, commonly called the Sierra fence lizard.
Its fossils were found in southern Mongolia.
Like geckos they can drop their tail and grow a new one when attacked.
Leptotyphlops joshuai, or the Joshua's blind snake, is a species of snake in the family Leptotyphlopidae.
This genus contains three member species, all of which are indigenous to Southern Africa.
It is endemic to New South Wales, Australia.
Long argued as to whether or not it is a sub-species, the Apalachicola Kingsnake was formerly named Lampropeltis getula goini.
The flattened musk turtle is a species of turtle in the Kinosternidae family.
This is because the continents that we know today as Europe, Asia, and Africa, were connected in one very large land mass.
Amphisbaena silvestrii, also known as Silvestri's worm lizard, is a worm lizard species in the genus Amphisbaena.
The golden-spotted tree monitor is a species of monitor lizard endemic to Waigeo Island in Indonesia.
Some authorities  classify this species as a subspecies of Chalcides bedriagai and state the year 1967 as the date of its description.
For similar skinks see genera Bassiana, Lampropholis, and Niveoscincus.
Compared to Agilisaurus, Fabrosaurus is much more primitive in that it has six premaxillary teeth, and a stout prepubis.
Typhlacontias brevipes, the FitzSimons' burrowing skink, is a skink species is found in the Namib Desert near Swakopmund.
Like cynodonts, it had many traits shared by mammals.
The species of lizards had its scientific name changed recently from Anolis stratulus to Ctenonotus stratulus according to Integrated Taxonomic Information System.
All three specimens were disarticulated and heavily eroded, having been exposed at the surface before discovery.
Leptotyphlops leptepileptus, or the Haitian border thread snake, is a species of snake in the family Leptotyphlopidae.
It has shiny bronze or copper skin, with a dark longitudinal stripe along each flank that is often bordered by cream-colored lines.
It is known as කබර දත්-කැටියා in Sinhala.
Oligodon venustus, commonly known as Jerdon's Kukri Snake, is a species of snake found in the Western Ghats of India.
The specific epithet is derived from the state capital, Perth, despite the fact that this place is not within the range of the species.
The Christmas Island forest skink, also known as the Christmas Island whiptail skink, is a species of skink endemic to Australia's Christmas Island.
Lacerta kulzeri is a species of lizard in the family Lacertidae.
Incisivosaurus is a genus of small, probably herbivorous theropod dinosaur from the early Cretaceous Period of what is now the People's Republic of China.
The Indian eyed turtle is a species of turtle endemic to South Asia.
Krzyzanowskisaurus is the name given to a genus of archosaur from the Late Triassic.
Xenodermus is a genus of caenophidian snakes.
The species has a worldwide distribution, with Atlantic and Indo-Pacific subspecies—E.
Males of this species can reach sizes up to at least 6.30 m and possibly up to 7.0 m in length.
Hydrophis brookii is a species of venomous sea snake.
Eurosaurus is an extinct genus of non-mammalian synapsid.
The Yinnietharra rock dragon is a species of lizard in the family Agamidae.
Macroprotodon is a genus of snakes in the family Colubridae.
E. imbricata is easily distinguished from other sea turtles by its sharp, curving beak with prominent tomium, and the saw-like appearance of its shell margins.
Typhlops koshunensis, Koshun worm snake, is a species of snake in the family Typhlopidae.
Subfamily Hoplocercinae, or the hoplocercins, previously Hoplocercidae, are a subfamily of lizards native to the tropical forests of Central and South America.
In recent years however, it has been commonly concluded that the species cannot be further determined than a more general Titanosauriformes.
The species Muraenosaurus reedii is in fact a junior synonym of Pantosaurus.
Paraophthalmosaurus is an ophthalmosaurid ichthyosaur from the Late Jurassic of European Russia.
Amblyodipsas unicolor, commonly known as the western glossy snake or the western purple-glossed snake, is a species of rear-fanged snake in the family Atractaspididae.
Majungasaurinae is a subfamily of large carnivorous theropods from the Upper Cretaceous, found in Madagascar, India, and France.
It is known from a juvenile specimen, holotype CYGB-0035, an almost complete skeleton also showing soft parts, such as the flight membrane and pycnofibres.
Stupendemys souzai, marginally smaller and more slender, was recovered from the Solimões Formation in Acre State, Brazil.
Hemidactylus inexpectatus is a species of house gecko from Oman.
A second species, H. missouriensis, named by Donald Baird and Jack Horner in 1979, is since 2004 the official state dinosaur of Missouri.
This is a widely distributed species found in the central and southern Nicobar but absent in the Car Nicobar.
Its name means "symmetrical spine" referring to its deep, laterally compressed tail.
Morinosaurus was a genus of sauropod dinosaur from an unnamed formation of Kimmeridgian-age Upper Jurassic rocks from Boulogne-sur-Mer, Départment du Pas-de-Calais, France.
Dolabrosaurus is a genus of extinct reptile and a member of the family Drepanosauridae.
The Jaragua sphaero measures 16–18 mm from the snout to the base of the tail and can fit on a US 25-cent coin.
It is one of 11 living species in the genus Python.
Tupinambis is a lizard genus which belongs to the family Teiidae, and contains seven described species.
It is one of the biggest cat snake species, averaging 6–8 feet in length.
The Mexican box turtle is a subspecies of box turtle endemic to Mexico.
The California kingsnake is a nonvenomous colubrid snake endemic to the western United States and northern Mexico.
Common names: Kenyan carpet viper, Leakey's saw-scaled viper.
Lankascincus greeri, commonly known as Greer's Lanka skink, is a species of skink endemic to the island of Sri Lanka.
Its classification was changed from Rhinotyphlops to Megatyphlops when Rhinotyphlops was found to be polyphyletic.
Pachydactylus tetensis, commonly known as the Tete thick-toed gecko or Zambezi thick-toed gecko, is a species of gecko endemic to East Africa.
Homopholis fasciata is a small gecko that lives in East Africa.
Per-Ove Persson 1996 has classified Scanisaurus in the Cimoliasauridae plesiosaurs.
It is also known as the Wolkberg dwarf chameleon, after the Wolkberg range.
Alcock's toad-headed agama Phrynocephalus euptilopus is a species of agamid lizard found in Pakistan, Afghanistan and possibly in parts of India.
Chapinophis xanthocheilus is a species of snake in the Colubridae family.
It is one of the largest cobra species native to Africa, second to the forest cobra.
The species is commonly attributed to the genus Microlophus but has been attributed to the genus Tropidurus.
Both male and female specimens are known to be territorial and often hostile towards members not a part of their family group.
However, ovulation is enhanced by female-female courtship and "mating" rituals that resemble the behavior of closely related species that reproduce sexually.
The name Cricosaurus means "Ring lizard", and is derived from the Greek Cricos- and σαῦρος -sauros.
Three subspecies are currently recognized, including the nominate subspecies described here.
Acutotyphlops is a genus of blind snakes found in eastern Papua New Guinea and the Solomon Islands.
Leptotyphlops cupinensis, or the Mato Grosso blind snake, is a species of snake in the family Leptotyphlopidae.
Trachylepis margaritifera is also known as the Rainbow Skink.
A Sphenacodontid, it was a close relative of Dimetrodon.
Xenodontinae is a subfamily of snakes in the family Colubridae.
It is endemic to the Kaikōura Ranges.
Bothriopsis pulchra is a venomous pitviper species found in South America.
Scincella palnica is a species of skink.
Gregory S. Paul estimated in 2010 its weight at 5000 kg.
Zuoyunlong is an extinct genus of herbivorous ornithischian dinosaur belonging to the Hadrosauroidea, that lived during the Late Cretaceous in the area of present China.
Californosaurus perrini was an ichthyosaur, an extinct marine reptile, from the Lower Hosselkus Limestone of California.
Today it is considered a nomen vanum.
It rarely bites humans, but may release a foul-smelling cloacal secretion when disturbed.
Recent taxonomic works and genetic studies revealed that the formerly-supposed genus is actually a subgenus of the widespread genus Cyrtodactylus.
This species of lizard is kept as a pet.
Among these, there are approximately 45 recognized subspecies.
Crymocetus is an extinct genus of plesiosaur from the Cretaceous Chalk Group of Sussex, England.
The Iguanidae are a family of lizards composed of iguanas and related species.
The Mauritius ornate day gecko feeds on insects and nectar.
Two other species of Angelosaurus have been described so far: Angelosaurus greeni Olson 1962, and Angelosaurus romeri Olson and Barghusen, 1962.
Henophidia is a superfamily of the suborder Serpentes that contains boas, pythons and other snakes.
Sudan plated lizard, also known as the Western plated lizard, great plated lizard or rough-scaled plated Lizard is a lizard of the Gerrhosauridae family.
The Sispara day gecko is a species of gecko found in the Nilgiri Hills of India.
Two subspecies, Rhynchocalamus melanocephalus melanocephalus and Rhynchocalamus melanocephalus satunini, are currently recognized.
Acanthochelys is a genus of turtles, the spiny swamp turtles, in the family Chelidae, subfamily Chelinae, found in South America.
It is believed this genus lived in fresh water.
It is found in the Wolkberg mountains of Limpopo Province, South Africa.
There are also old records from neighbouring northeastern India, but these are considered questionable and it has not been located there during recent surveys.
All members of the genus are seriously threatened.
They are known to be primarily nocturnal.
Although the bog turtle is similar in appearance to the painted or spotted turtles, its closest relative is actually the somewhat larger wood turtle.
The corn snake is a North American species of rat snake that subdues its small prey by constriction.
It is often found hiding under the leaf litter or under loose bark.
It is the only species in the genus Gerarda.
They are semi-aquatic: they retain the wide ventral scales typical of terrestrial snakes for moving on land but also have paddle-shaped tails for swimming.
Xenocalamus is a genus of rear-fanged venomous snakes endemic to Africa.
Microlophus occipitalis, the knobbed Pacific iguana, is a species of lava lizard endemic to Ecuador and Peru.
Being up to 2.5-5 m in length, it was perhaps the largest thalattosaur.
Abronia leurolepis is an arboreal alligator lizard that is endemic to Mexico.
Eirenis is a genus of Old World snakes in the family Colubridae.
Acutotyphlops solomonis is a species of snake in the Typhlopidae family.
Leiosaurus is a genus of lizards endemic to South America.
Ralph Molnar followed this up in 1990 by suggesting that it was a synonym of the tyrannosauroid Dryptosaurus.
Gallardosaurus is a genus of pliosaurid plesiosaur from the Caribbean seaway.
The Amapasaurus is a lizard that was discovered in 1970 by Osvaldo Rodrigues da Cunha.
Ovophis okinavensis is a venomous pitviper species found in the Ryukyu Islands of Japan.
Pseudemys is a genus of large, herbivorous, freshwater turtles of the eastern United States and adjacent northeast Mexico.
Threatened throughout its range by overcollection and habitat loss, it is a CITES protected species.
The Iberian worm lizard is locally known as cobra-cega, culebrilla ciega, and colobreta cega, all meaning "blind snake".
The saltwater crocodile is a formidable and opportunistic hypercarnivorous apex predator.
This species is also listed in the IUCN Red List of Threatened Species.
By contrast, anoles and geckos each use a single, common structure, although it appears to have evolved independently in the two groups.
The bone is over a foot long.
Cyrtodactylus gubernatoris is a rare  species of gecko found in Darjeeling, India.
The skull of this genus was long and slender, and the jaws had numerous conical teeth.
Bonatitan is a genus of titanosaurian dinosaur from Argentina.
Common names: Texas blind snake, Texas slender blind snake, Texas threadsnake, more.
It is found in Northeast India, adjacent Myanmar, and northern part of Bangladesh.
Proaigialosaurus is an extinct genus of semi-aquatic diapsid reptile.
The horned wood lizard or Boulenger's dwarf iguana is a species of reptile in the genus Enyalioides, native to northern Bolivia, western Brazil and eastern Peru.
Like other crocodilians they are ambush hunters and wait for their prey to come close.
Ungaliophis is a genus of dwarf boas found from southern Mexico to Colombia.
Typhlops loveridgei is a harmless blind snake species endemic to northern India.
The specific name refers to the Podocarpus trees which are found in the Park.
The front sides of the limbs are covered with large scales.
It has been classified as Endangered by the IUCN due to its restricted distribution and ongoing habitat loss.
Tangvayosaurus is a genus of sauropod dinosaur from the Aptian-Albian age Lower Cretaceous Grès Supérior Formation of Savannakhet, Laos.
It is the only living species in the family Lanthanotidae and it is related to the true monitor lizards.
Initially placed into Chamaeleo, it was for some time moved to the South African dwarf chameleons by some.
Haughton as H. boonstrai on the basis of a skull and associated skeleton and was later considered a gorgonopsian in the family 'Ictidorhinidae' by Robert Broom.
Lophognathus is a genus of lizards found in northern Australia extending south to the Murray-Darling Basin, New Guinea, and Tanimbar Islands.
Genera referrable to the Tylosaurinae have been found on all continents except Australia and South America.
The species is found in India, and may also be found areas of Bangladesh, adjacent to Assam and Mizoram provinces of India.
The family contains two recognised genera, Araripemys and Laganemys, and two species, Araripemys barretoi and Laganemys tenerensis.
Ischyrochampsa is an extinct genus of Late Cretaceous mesoeucrocodylian belonging to the eusuchian clade Allodaposuchidae.
Clemmys is a genus of turtle, consisting of one North American species, the spotted turtle.
Piratosaurus is a genus of plesiosaur, a type of marine reptile.
The common names suggest they are able to leap at an attacker, but this is likely exaggerated.
The baby lizards are well-camouflaged and are not much bigger than a toothpick.
Cathayopterus is a ctenochasmatid pterosaur from the Early Cretaceous-age Yixian Formation of Liaoning, China.
Eretmosaurus is an extinct genus of plesiosaur.
It was named after Miguel Vences, a German herpetologist.
The Jalisco mud turtle is a species of mud turtle in the Kinosternidae family endemic to Mexico.
It is sometimes referred to as the temple viper because of its abundance around the Temple of the Azure Cloud in Malaysia.
It is one of many lizard species known to be parthenogenic.
Urotheca is a genus of snakes of the family Colubridae.
By around 1840 it was presumed to be extinct, along with the Seychelles giant tortoise, a species which shared the same islands.
Common names: ridge-nosed rattlesnake, Willard's rattlesnake, Willard's rattler
has shown that Boulengerina is actually a subgenus and Boulengerina christyi is a synonym of Naja christyi.
In current phylogenetic understanding, the Proterosuchia constitute the basal Archosauriformes; that is, the archosauriform groups but excluding the true Archosauria.
Its natural habitats are temperate forests and sandy shores.
It is not the only softshell turtle in Asia.
Common names: bromeliad boas, banana boas, Neotropical dwarf boas.
It is found in northern Argentina, Uruguay, Paraguay, and southern Brazil.
Tropidolaemus laticinctus is a species of venomous snake in the subfamily Crotalinae, the pit vipers.
The nostril pierces the center of the nasal scale and the head shields are rugose.
It was found in Cenomanian-age limestone near the al-Nammoura village in Lebanon.
The Cyprus whip snake or Zypern-schlanknatter is a species of snake in the Colubridae family.
This genus is one of several colubrid genera colloquially called "rat snakes" or "ratsnakes".
This diversity is the product of adaptation to different ecological conditions found within Dominica, which has made it the subject of numerous studies.
Females are smaller than males, and have smaller helmet protrusions.
Proablepharus is a genus of skinks endemic to Australia.
A new species, P. milleri, was named in 1983 and distinguished from the type species in possessing an accessory posterior cusp on the lower postcanines.
Disteira is a genus of sea snakes.
As a result, Dryptosauroides is seen as a nomen dubium.
They are terrestrial, mostly inhabiting crevices in rocky terrain, although at least one species digs burrows and another lives under exfoliating bark on trees.
found that Aristonectes was most closely related to elasmosaurid plesiosaurs like Elasmosaurus.
The Tenerife speckled lizard, Gallotia intermedia, is a recently discovered lacertid of Tenerife in the Canary Islands.
Considered to be one of the most primitive vipers, it is found in the mountains of Southeast Asia in China, southeastern Tibet and Vietnam.
Hemidactylus paucituberculatus is a species of house gecko from Oman.
The snake feeds on lizards, rodents, snakes and small birds; it is alert and considered fast.
Elseya is a genus of large side-necked turtles, commonly known as Australian snapping turtles, in the family Chelidae.
It is harmless to humans and lives exclusively on a diet of termites.
Common names for members the genus include horned vipers, North African desert vipers, and cerastes vipers.
Echinanthera is a genus of snakes of the family Colubridae.
The snake is commonly known as the Sri Lankan Wolf Snake, and as දාර කරවලා or දාර රදනකයා in Sinhala.
This structure is very similar to that of the later Protoceratops.
Fossils have been found from the Ituzaingó Formation in Argentina.
The assignment to Pholidosauridae is considered doubtful by some authors, but a 2011 redescription and phylogenetic analysis confirmed the pholidosaurid classification of Meridiosaurus.
It has been reported to be on the islands of Antigua and Barbuda.
Sistrurus miliarius is a venomous pit viper species found in the southeastern United States.
Chalcides bedriagai, commonly known as Bedriaga's skink, is a species of lizard endemic to the Iberian Peninsula.
It is based on IVPP V.11117, two teeth.
It lives in the Comoros and typically inhabits trees and bushes.
The family includes the Eurasian pond and river turtles and Neotropical wood turtles.
Psammophis leithii, commonly called the Pakistan sand racer or Leith's sand snake, is a species of mildly venomous, rear-fanged snake endemic to South Asia.
Nerodia rhombifer, commonly known as the diamondback water snake, is a species of v Venomous natricine colubrid endemic to the central United States and northern Mexico.
Cnemaspis assamensis is a species of gecko found in Assam, India.
White-spotted Supple Skink Lygosoma albopunctata is a species of skink found in South Asia.
Podarcis liolepis is very similar to the other lizards in the Podarcis genus.
Tritheledontids were mainly carnivorous or insectivorous, though some species may have developed omnivorous traits.
Four subspecies are currently recognized, including the nominate subspecies described here.
Most geckos cannot blink, but they often lick their eyes to keep them clean and moist.
Its underside is yellowish-white, with the top of the head being uniform brownish.
Its status is Endangered, with a wild population of 3,500 animals, and it can be found on the IUCN Red List.
The genus was named for Ceará, the Brazilian state where the species was discovered.
The Indian black turtle or Indian pond terrapin is a species of medium-sized freshwater turtle found in South Asia.
Hypsibema missouriensis is a species of plant-eating dinosaur in the genus Hypsibema, and the state dinosaur of the U.S. state Missouri.
Hypsicalotes is a genus of the family Agamidae having a single species Hypsicalotes kinabaluensis found in Indonesia and Malaysia.
Eutropis andamanensis is a species of skink found in the Andaman Islands of India.
The lizard is a staple food of the Aeta and Ilongot indigenous people of the Philippines.
It has made its way to several areas of the world including Sri Lanka, Indochina, and many of the U.S. Pacific Islands.
It is known for its unusual coloration, which consists of shades from green to turquoise, topped with dark, transverse dorsal banding.
Bothriopsis peruviana is a venomous pitviper species found in Peru.
It was estimated by Gregory S. Paul in 2010 to have been about 4.2 metres long and 700 kilograms in weight.
It is endemic to Sri Lanka and only known from its type locality, Harasbedda near Ragala, Central Province.
Another is the colour of the shell – Galápagos green turtles have a darker shell colour.
Habitat destruction and fragmentation can negatively impact the ability for Wood Turtles to search for suitable mates and build high quality nests.
Known from a left lower limb only, it has been variously classified as a prosauropod or basal sauropod.
This skink grows to about 6 cm in length.
The Qattara gecko is a species of lizard in the family Phyllodactylidae.
It is found on the Caribbean island of Montserrat in the Lesser Antilles.
It is also known as Gray's monitor lizard, butaan, and ornate monitor.
It became extinct in 1965, probably caused by feral cats and a snake species.
It has also been introduced to Bermuda.
This makes them look like miniature crocodiles.
CITES suspended trade of yellow-headed temple turtles in July 2012.
The type species, Belodon plieningeri, was named by prolific German paleontologist Christian Erich Hermann von Meyer in 1844.
Tropidophis, common name wood snake or West Indian wood snake, is a genus of dwarf boas endemic to the West Indies and South America.
Dongusaurus is an extinct genus of therocephalian therapsid.
The genus is endemic to subsaharan Africa.
It can reach nearly a meter in length.
The Cuban crocodile is a small species of crocodile found only in Cuba.
Micrurus lemniscatus, commonly known as the South American coral snake, is a species of venomous elapid snake, native to South America.
Sister-group relationships between coniasaurs, dolichosaurs, Aigialosauridae and Mosasauridae are an unresolved polytomy.
Dendrelaphis bifrenalis, commonly Boulenger's bronzeback, is a terrestrial species of diurnal non-venomous snake found in Sri Lanka and southern India.
The size has been compared to that of a sparrow.
Common names: eastern diamondback rattlesnake, eastern diamondback, more
Its name refers to the peculiar shape of the ischiatic bones.
It is hunted by eagles and raccoon dogs.
It was an early polycotylid plesiosaur from the Cenomanian of South Dakota, USA.
The family includes species that live amongst rocks, some that live in trees, and two that prefer sandy habitats.
Ophisops occidentalis, the western snake-eyed lizard is a species of lizard in the Lacertidae family.
The big-headed Amazon River turtle, also known as the big-headed sideneck, is a species of turtle in the family Podocnemididae.
This is the species with the western most distribution within the genus Draco, the majority of species occurring in Southeast Asia.
This reptile lived before the arrival of humans and is believed to have grown to at least 0.9 metres long.
Mostly fragmentary fossils have been found from several localities in Portugal and are Late Jurassic and Early Cretaceous in age.
It is very similar to the North American species, the green anole, but males have a light blue throat flap, instead of red.
Tail is about twice as long as the body.
Crocodylus raninus is an enigmatic species of freshwater crocodile endemic to the Southeast Asian island of Borneo.
Mauremys is a genus of turtles in the family Geoemydidae.
Ameiva quadrilineata is a species of whiptail lizard found in western Panama, Costa Rica, and southeast Nicaragua.
Common names: South American rattlesnake, tropical rattlesnake, more.
It is one of many lizard species known to be parthenogenic.
The Hoàn Kiếm turtle was a controversial taxon of turtle from Southeast Asia, found in Hoàn Kiếm Lake in Hanoi, Vietnam.
Reproductive information is also limited but it is estimated that breeding season lasts from March to November.
The Texas river cooter is a species of freshwater turtle native to creeks, rivers, and lakes of the US state of Texas.
The reef gecko, also known as the Florida reef gecko, is a small species of gecko native to the Caribbean and Southeastern United States.
Laudakia dayana, commonly known as the Haridwar agama, is a species of agamid lizard found in Haridwar, India.
It is also called Batura thin-toed Gecko.
The name Cnemidophorus literally means "greave-wearing", from the Ancient Greek knēmido- and -phoros.
Angolasaurus is an extinct genus of plioplatecarpine mosasaur.
Typhlops ruber is a species of snake in the Typhlopidae family.
While it remains widespread, it is facing increased threat from the ongoing Australian cane toad invasion.
Norops serranoi is a species of lizard in the family Polychrotidae.
The species is endemic to Middle America.
Sea kraits are often confused with another group of aquatic reptiles: sea snakes.
T. triunguis is a relatively large, aquatic piscivore.
Uropeltis woodmasoni, commonly known as Wood-Mason's earth snake, is a species of snake in the family Uropeltidae.
The physical difference is that the sandstone night lizard has lighter coloration.
The type remains, IVPP V.156, consists of 20 vertebrae, scapulae, forelimbs, and some hindlimb bones.
It is the sole member of the genus Caimanops; its name is derived from the crocodile-like shape of the jaw.
Andrews originally assigned Sarcosaurus to the Megalosauridae.
This inactivity helps reduce water loss during hot periods, whereas winter hibernation facilitates survival during freezing temperatures and low food availability.
Plesiobaena is an extinct genus of turtle which existed in the Belly River Formation, Canada during the late Cretaceous period.
Tricleidus is an extinct genus of cryptoclidid plesiosaur known from only specimen from the middle Jurassic of United Kingdom.
Only one species, Angonisaurus cruickshanki has been assigned to this genus.
Pantherophis ramspotti, originally described by Crother, White, Savage, Eckstut, Graham and Gardner in 2011
Their tail is shorter than their snout-vent length and their body is covered with numerous wart-like bumps.
Tricuspes is an extinct genus of cynodont that lived in what would be Europe during the Triassic from 203.6—199.6 mya, existing for approximately 4 million years.
The orange-throated whiptail is a species of lizard in the family Teiidae.
Endemic to Greece, its natural habitats are temperate forests, Mediterranean-type shrubby vegetation, rocky areas, and pastureland.
Actiosaurus may instead represent the remains of a choristodere.
The genus Arizona has only one officially recognized species, A. elegans, with several subspecies.
Qiaowanlong was initially reported as the first brachiosaurid to have been found from China.
The back teeth are small, the front teeth are very long, robust and curved, pointing moderately forwards.
Current thinking is that they are not a full subspecies and that they belong in synonymy under Pseudemys rubriventris or northern red-bellied cooter.
The range is restricted to three islands of the Wallabi Group: North Island, East Wallabi Island, and West Wallabi Island.
The fossil has been dated as Pliocene to Pleistocene.
The Asiatic softshell turtle or black-rayed softshell turtle is a species of softshell turtle in the Trionychidae family.
It lives in eastern Madagascar and typically inhabits different trees.
Hydrophis stricticollis, commonly called the collared sea snake, is a species of venomous sea snake in the family Elapidae.
Rhinocerocephalus is an extinct genus of dicynodont synapsid from the Middle Triassic of the Orenburg Oblast from Russia.
It contains a single species, Amapasaurus tetradactylus.
Leptotyphlops guayaquilensis, or the Guayaquila blind snake, is a species of snake in the family Leptotyphlopidae.
It is named after Richard Henry Beddome, 1830-1911, British army officer and botanist.
Twelve subspecies are currently recognized, including the nominate subspecies described here.
It is distinguished from other protoceratopsids by its large beak and incipient orbital horn cores.
Stenophis is a genus of Madagascan arboreal snakes, part of the family Lamprophiidae.
Clidastes was an agile swimmer that probably swam by undulating its body, and preyed on cephalopods, fish and other small vertebrates in shallow water.
The saurischian dinosaur Teyuwasu was named in 1999 on the basis of material originally attributed to Hoplitosuchus.
The Madagascar blue iguana is a saxicolous iguana of the genus Oplurus.
Calumma tarzan is a species of chameleon.
It is a large family of turtles with a significant fossil history dating back to the Cretaceous.
Dipsadoboa aulica, commonly known as the marbled tree snake, is a species of snake in the family Colubridae.
Members of this genus are responsible for more human deaths in the Americas than any other group of venomous snakes.
Gonocephalus chamaeleontinus, the chameleon forest dragon or chameleon anglehead lizard, is a species of agamid lizard from Indonesia and Malaysia.
They have a fairly large head and long snout, cylindrical body, and round, tapering tail.
Candoia is a genus of non-venomous boas found mostly in New Guinea and Melanesia.
Dhamans eat a variety of prey and are frequently found in urban areas where rodents thrive.
Also known as Glauert's monitor or the Kakadu sand goanna, it belongs to the subgenus Odatria.
Its fossils were found by Philippe Taquet at Gadoufaoua in Niger in 1973.
These become part of the indoor menagerie and are often welcomed, as they feed on insects, including moths and mosquitoes.
Originally, the species had been referred to the mosasaurine Clidastes, then to Halisaurus, which was also considered a member of the Mosasaurinae at that time.
It is found in Brazil and Peru.
Because the Caturrita Formation consists of terrestrial sandstones, that evolution would have had its origins in a terrestrial, not coastal, habitat.
Snakes of the genus Alsophis and Liophis prove to be more sensitive to introduced predators than other genera.
It has a yellow-green dorsal surface, and a blue-gray head with yellow around the eye.
Typhlops klemmeri is a species of Asian snake in the family Typhlopidae.
Common names: Sakhalin Island adder, Sakhalin adder.
Oligodon erythrorhachis, the Namsang kukri snake, is a species of snake found in India ).
It is known from a single fragmentary skull that was found in the Maastrichtian-age Hell Creek Formation.
The Rodrigues day gecko is an extinct species of day gecko.
The remains, consisting of a partial adult skeleton and associated partial juvenile skeleton found in continental detrital sediments, were described by Ronan Allain et al.
Spotted Bent-toed Gecko, Gekkoella triedrus, also known as Sri Lanka Gecko, is a species of gecko endemic to island of Sri Lanka.
Like its modern relatives, the boas, it occasionally dwelled on the ground or in shallow waters close to riverbanks.
Its scientific and common names refer to Charles Walter De Vis, first director of the Queensland Museum and writer of around 50 papers on herpetology.
Striped skinks are olive brown on top with stripes of dark brown and white running from head to tail.
Mnemeiosaurus is an extinct genus of Dinocephalian synapsid.
Antarctosaurus was very large, even for a sauropod.
Lankascincus munindradasai, commonly known as Munindradasa's Lanka skink, is a species of lizard in the family Scincidae.
Shihtienfenia was a pareiasaurid from the Middle Permian of China.
Nikkasaurus was probably mainly insectivorous, and possibly nocturnal.
Bungarus is a genus of venomous elapid snakes, the kraits, found in South and Southeast Asia.
Its population has decreased somewhat due to habitat loss, but it is not yet considered a threatened species.
It was a herbivore that lived in what is now China.
With 304 genera and 1,938 species, they are the largest snake family, and include about two-thirds of all known living snake species.
Leptotyphlops brasiliensis, or the Brazilian blind snake, is a species of snake in the family Leptotyphlopidae.
Euprepis itself is a junior synonym of Mabuya.
Calliophis intestinalis, commonly known as the banded Malaysian coral snake, is a species of venomous elapid snake endemic to Southeast Asia.
It is endemic to Fiji, found only on the island of Viti Levu, and is strongly subterranean.
All have paddle-like tails and many have laterally compressed bodies that give them an eel-like appearance.
The habitat of Varanus rudicollis is limited to primary and secondary rainforest and mangrove swamps.
The name Vinialesaurus honors Viñales, the town in western Cuba where the fossils of Vinialesaurus was discovered.
It is usually placed in the subfamily Scincinae, which seems to be paraphyletic however.
Labidosaurikos is a genus of extinct captorhinid anapsid reptile that lived around 279 to 272 million years ago during Kungurian age of the lower Permian.
Typhlops platycephalus, or the Flat-headed blindsnake, is a species of snake in the Typhlopidae family.
The type species, Diplotomodon [=Tomodon] horrificus Leidy 1868 is the only species in the genus that has been described.
It is found in Indonesia, Thailand, Singapore and Malaysia.
Lampropeltis calligaster rhombomaculata known commonly as the mole kingsnake or brown kingsnake is a subspecies of the prairie kingsnake.
Due to taxonomic revision and recent discovery, the genus may currently contain as many as three species.
The rainbow water snake is a species of mildly venomous, rear-fanged, colubrid snake, endemic to Asia.
It includes 32 species, 27 of which are found in northern Eurasia.
Ichthyovenator is a spinosaurid theropod dinosaur from the Early Cretaceous of Laos.
They wait camouflaged in the murky waters to launch the attack in the suitable moment.
Typhlops leucomelas is a species of snake in the Typhlopidae family.
These snakes feed on lizards, frogs, birds, small mammals and even other snakes.
Chondrodactylus is genus of little-known comb-toed geckos:
It lives in granite outcrops of montane grasslands and dry Miombo woodland.
It also had round, blunt teeth for crushing primitive clams and oysters.
The peninsula cooter is a species of freshwater turtle in the genus Pseudemys.
Liolaemus huacahuasicus is a species of lizard in the family Iguanidae.
Aussiedraco is estimated to have been smaller in size than Mythunga, a pterosaur from the same formation.
Equijubus, is a genus of herbivorous hadrosauroid dinosaur from the Early Cretaceous of northwestern China.
The species L. crockeri is found in Oceania.
concluded that the type lacked any uniquely abelisaurid traits.
The nesting habits of this species are similar to those of their sea turtle kindred.
The strange-nosed chameleon is a chameleon native to the rainforests of the Ruwenzori Mountains of western Uganda and eastern Democratic Republic of the Congo.
It is one of three subfamilies of the family Scincidae, the other two being Acontinae and Lygosominae.
suggests that Cryptolacerta is a sister taxon to Amphisbaenia.
In contrast, Naultinus are green, ovovivaparous, live up to 30 years or more and are strictly diurnal.
Species of the genus Takydromus are endemic to a large part of Asia.
It is usually found in niches of agave and yucca plants.
Siebold's water snake is a species of mildly venomous, rear-fanged, colubrid snake, endemic to Asia.
It can also occur near human dwellings and gardens.
Like many island species they were also reported to have been friendly and unafraid of humans.
The Pleurodira turtles are restricted to the Southern Hemisphere, largely to Australia, South America, and Africa.
The genus is, in general, in "dire need of research, particularly into factors that are causing their apparent decline", certain aspects of which remain unexplained.
The type species, Tangvayosaurus hoffeti, was described by a group of a dozen scientists led by Ronan Allain in 1999.
The rough-nosed horned lizard is an Agamid lizard from Sri Lanka in lowland dipterocarp forests and secondary forests in the wet zone.
concludes that Dinodocus is a nomen dubium.
The subfamily Xenodontinae encompasses a number of rear-fanged, mildly venomous snake genera, which include species such as the mud snake and the New World hognose snakes.
It consists of the upper part of a thigh bone, 22 centimetres long.
The fossils of Chondrosteosaurus were discovered in the Wessex Formation on the Isle of Wight.
In a cladistic analysis she performed, Sauroplites was recovered as a nodosaurid.
Cyrtodactylus albofasciatus was previously considered conspefic with Cyrtodactylus deccanensis but is now accepted as a valid species.
Ichnotropis capensis is a species of African lizards in the genus Ichnotropis.
Its total length can exceed 200 mm.
It has an olive-brown to brown carapace with some dark spotting or reticulations, and the first peripheral is smaller than the second.
It was named by Carpenter based upon a complete skull and lower jaws, neck vertebrae, and a right coracoid.
This identification held through the 1970s, but has been abandoned.
It is a good climber and usually eats termites, small insects, spiders and other arthropods.
Lycodon aulicus, commonly known as the Indian wolf snake, is a species of nonvenomous snake found in South Asia and Southeast Asia.
In Sri Lanka, this lizard is called Pandura katussa in Sinhala Language.
These were found at the base of the formation, which spans the Cenomanian and Coniacian epochs, in mudstone and sandstone levels.
Home's hinge-back tortoise is a species of tortoise in the family Testudinidae.
The Nubian flapshell turtle is one of two species of softshell turtle in the genus Cyclanorbis of the Trionychidae family.
It rarely bites humans, but may release a foul-smelling cloacal secretion when disturbed.
Both genera possess a rather retracted jugal bone, a characteristic not seen in other bothremydids.
The species, Leptotyphlops distanti, is endemic to Southern Africa.
The subgeneric name was derived from Greek σοῦχος, souchos, the name of the Egyptian crocodile god Sobek.
Probably quite close to Paracontias and possibly Androngo trivittatus, it belongs to a major clade which does not seem to include the type genus Scincus.
The genus is endemic to northern South America.
This species is commonly known as Darwin's worm lizard in English or cobra-cega-comum in Portuguese, and it is endemic to South America.
Antaresia is a genus of pythons, non-venomous snakes found in Australia.
The type species, described by Mo et al.
Gasosaurus is a tetanuran dinosaur discovered in Dashanpu, China.
Phelsuma v-nigra v-nigra Boettger, 1913 is a small diurnal subspecies of geckos.
Euprepiophis is a genus of nonvenomous colubrid snakes, containing three species of Asian rat snakes which were formerly assigned to the genus Elaphe.
It is a rather recently described species, that was first discovered in 1976, in the Nagarjuna Sagar Dam by scientists of the Zoological Survey of India.
Phelsuma abbotti pulchra feeds on insects and nectar.
Their docile nature, reluctance to bite, moderate adult size, attractive pattern, and comparatively simple care make them popular pet snakes.
Within its geographic range, it is often abundant and is an important cause of snakebite.
Contrary to common belief, this species does not inhabit Mount Meru, Tanzania.
The IUCN declines to classify it as endangered or otherwise, citing "no information on its distribution, population status or threats".
The Tricarinate hill turtle or three-keeled land turtle is a species of turtle found in northeastern India, Bangladesh, and Nepal.
Boiga andamanensis is a species of mildly venomous colubrid snake found in the Andaman Islands.
Vipera berus sachalinensis is a venomous viper subspecies endemic to Asia.
It eats relatively large prey, such as puriri moths, and weta.
Further specimens identifiable only to genus have been found in El Salvador.
It was described in 1831 by John Edward Gray.
It was discovered in 1996 by biologist Efraín Hernández in the Macizo de Teno in the extreme northwest of Tenerife.
It is known by the common names Indian python, black-tailed python and Indian rock python.
Sinonatrix aequifasciata is a species of snake in the Colubridae family.
Not much is known about the species but it may be threatened by deforestation and mining although the exact impact is unknown.
They are best known for their ability to lose their skin and scales when grasped by a predator.
It lived during the Middle Jurassic in what is now Argentina, Canadon Asfalto Formation.
Pachysuchus is known from a poorly preserved partial rostrum that was described from the Lower Lufeng Series in Yunnan by paleontologist Yang Zhongjian in 1951.
Gyalopion is a genus of small nonvenomous colubrid snakes.
They live by rivers and lakes, which gives them their name the "waterside" skink.
The Malaysian giant turtle or Bornean river turtle is a species of turtles in the Bataguridae family.
The bicolored swamp snake also known as the striped swamp snake is a species of African venomous snake.
Barisia is a genus of lizards in the family Anguidae.
A robust species, up to 150 millimetres long, its tubercules are enlarged and give the species a spiny armoured appearance.
They are the most robust members of subfamily Anguinae.
Moschowhaitsia is an extinct genus of therocephalian theriodont.
The species was found by Robert Wallace and Arthur Drescher in the Panoche Hills region of Fresno County.
It is named after the village of Igdaman, near which it was found.
The common name for this species is Chilean marked gecko.
However, it had been difficult to research due to the remoteness of its habitat.
The largest species, S. heberti, reached up to 5 m long, though 2.5–3.5 m was far more common.
Females have wide flattened shells and are larger and more numerous than the males.
Cnemaspis indraneildasii is a species of gecko endemic to India.
Two subspecies are currently recognized, including the nominate subspecies described here.
Bogert's coral snake is a species of elapid snake, native to the Pacific coast of Oaxaca in Mexico, ranging from Puerto Angel and San Pedro Tapanatepec.
Celestus fowleri is a species of lizard in the family Diploglossidae.
Malayemys is a genus of turtles in the Geoemydidae family.
Collared lizards in the wild have been the subject of a number of studies of sexual selection.
This gecko lives in vegetation in dry areas such as deserts.
Until recently, the genus Clemmys consisted of four species.
The Malayan snail-eating turtle is a species of turtle in Malayemys genus of the Geoemydidae family.
Males can reach a length of 119 mm snout-to-vent, while females are significantly smaller, at 65 mm SVL.
Phelsuma madagascariensis is a species of day gecko that lives in Madagascar.
The large central osteoderms of the rosettes are rather flat and have a diameter of ten centimetres.
There are five species of Meizodon, all of which are poorly known and found in Sub-Saharan Africa.
Nesting usually occurs in September, often on the same beaches as the pig-nosed turtle.
Cope estimated the size of the animal as that of an alligator; Charles Craig Mook later compared it to a wolf.
Xenopholis werdingorum is a species of snake in the family Colubridae.
This bone is curved down approximately 45° at its anterior end, with the tooth row bent to fit, unlike any other hadrosaur.
It was previously listed as Vulnerable in 1994.
It has a brown, banded pattern across the body and tail; the underside of the body is usually pale.
Leptotyphlops weyrauchi, or the Argentine blind snake, is a species of snake in the family Leptotyphlopidae.
Jinzhousaurus is a genus of hadrosauroid dinosaur of the Early Cretaceous of China.
They can be found from Arabia to the Sahara desert.
Tropidolaemus huttoni is a little-known venomous pitviper species endemic to the Southern Western Ghats of India.
The Homalopsidae are a family of snakes which contains about 28 genera and more than 50 species.
In 2014 and 2015, dead red coral kukri snakes were found in Nainital district of Uttarakhand.
Tianchisaurus is a genus of ankylosaurian dinosaur from the middle Jurassic Period of China.
It is named in honour of A. Allan Alexander, who studied the species.
It is named in honor of Irajá Damiani Pinto.
Eryx jaculus, known commonly as the javelin sand boa, is a species of snake in the Boidae family.
It is speculated that Theriognathus was either carnivorous or omnivorous based on its teeth, and was suited to hunting small prey in undergrowth.
As both islands have similar habitats, this is likely the result of independent adaptation.
Amblyodipsas concolor, or the Natal purple-glossed snake, is a species of venomous rear-fanged snake in the Atractaspididae family.
Scaloposaurus is an extinct carnivorous genus of therocephalian living during the Triassic 251.0—245.0 Ma existing for approximately 5 million years.
Five subfamilies, comprising 12 genera and 49 species, are currently recognized.
C. gigas is known only from two neck vertebrae, with distinctive hollows and internal passages now interpreted as evidence of pneumatic air sacs.
Conservation efforts also damaged the population, but a small portion of their original range remains untouched and protected.
Lytorhynchus is a genus of snakes of the family Colubridae.
Nanoparia is an extinct genus of pareiasaur that lived in the Permian.
The Malpelo anole, also known as Agassiz's anole, is a species of lizard in the family Polychrotidae.
The black tree monitor or Beccari's monitor is a relatively small member of the Varanidae family, growing to about 90–120 cm in length.
The copperbelly water snake or copperbelly is a species of nonvenomous colubrid snake endemic to the Central United States, which is listed as a threatened species.
Charina umbratica, known commonly as the southern rubber boa, is a species of snake in the family Boidae.
Plagiopholis nuchalis, commonly known as the Assam mountain snake, is a species of colubrid snake.
Crotalus mitchellii muertensis is a venomous pitviper subspecies endemic to El Muerto Island, Mexico.
Two subspecies are recognized, including the nominotypical subspecies described here.
This species was long thought to be identical to the Egyptian cobra, but morphological and genetic differences have led to its recognition as a separate species.
The common snapping turtle is a large freshwater turtle of the family Chelydridae.
It is native to the coastal regions of northern and eastern Australia and the island of New Guinea.
The bronze rock skink is a species of skink.
It is the only arboreal skink in Sri Lanka.
Only mammals possess the dentary-squamosal articulation, while all other tetrapods possess the typical arcticular-quadrate articulation.
This skink is an omnivore; it eats snails and plants and spends much of its time browsing through vegetation for food.
It is endemic to Brazil and Argentina.
Little is known about its natural history or its venom.
The Boinae are a subfamily of boas found in Central and South America as well as the West Indies.
The yellow-blotched map turtle, or yellow-blotched sawback, is a species of turtle in the Emydidae family.
The species shares communal nests of not more than twelve eggs in each, with only two eggs being laid by a female at a time.
The location was "north of Niltepec, between Cerro Atravesado and Sierra Madre, Oaxaca", in Mexico.
This endangered species is endemic to northwestern Madagascar and inhabits coastal forests, dwelling on bamboo.
The other species, the southern angle-headed dragon, L. spinipes, is found in southern Queensland and northern New South Wales.
Although the specimen was originally rather complete, only parts could be salvaged.
Amargasaurus is a genus of sauropod dinosaur from the Early Cretaceous epoch of what is now Argentina.
Oligodon kheriensis or the coral kukri snake is a kukri snake that was first described in 1936 from the North Kheri Division.
Styracosaurus was a relatively large dinosaur, reaching lengths of 5.5 metres and weighing nearly 3 tonnes.
The species appears to have lived in a desert in the centre of the supercontinent of Pangaea.
Despite its common name, the king brown snake is not a brown snake, but a member of the genus Pseudechis, commonly known as black snakes.
The species is endemic to South America.
The coastal taipan, or common taipan, is a species of large, highly venomous snake of the family Elapidae.
Dipsas is a genus of nonvenomous New World colubrid snakes in the subfamily Xenodontinae.
The genus was established by Christian von Meyer in 1831 for skeletal remains from the Tithonian of Germany.
Kleskunsaurus is an extinct genus of scincomorph lizard from the Late Cretaceous of Alberta, Canada.
Phelsuma sundbergi, commonly called the La Digue day gecko, Mahé day gecko, or Seychelles giant day gecko, is a species of lizard in the family Gekkonidae.
Andersson, who named it after its finder, German geologist Dr. Paul Range.
Agama rueppelli, commonly known as the arboreal agama or Rüppell's agama, is a species of lizard in the family Agamidae.
The common house gecko, is a reptile native of Southeast Asia.
The thorny dragon's scales are ridged, enabling the animal to collect water from any part of its body.
The name Eunectes is derived from the Greek word Eυνήκτης, which means "good swimmer".
It eats worms, insects and small fishes.
Boiga quincunciata is a species of cat snake, a rear-fanged colubrid, found in Myanmar, India.
It lived in the Permian period, specifically the Wuchiapingian Stage.
Sistrurus miliarius barbouri is a venomous pit viper subspecies endemic to the southeastern United States.
The thorny dragon grows up to 20 cm in length, and it can live for 15 to 20 years.
Males have a more colourful patagium than females and they prominently extend their yellow dewlaps forward in display.
The natural habitats of I. horvathi are temperate forests and shrublands, and rocky areas.
Cnemaspis menikay, also known as Menike's day gecko, is a species of diurnal gecko endemic to island of Sri Lanka.
Lucasium stenodactylum, also known as the crowned gecko, is a species of gecko from Australia.
Typhlops cuneirostris is a species of snake in the Typhlopidae family.
The adult males are red with black reticula; the females are paler with elongated dark blotches, while the juveniles are olive-grey.
While sometimes considered a separate species, other treat it as a subspecies of Uromastyx dispar.
P. bibroni prefers lowland rivers and estuaries, but adjusts well to the saline environments of deltas and large estuaries.
Oligodon calamarius, commonly known as the reed-like kukri or Templeton's kukri snake, is a species of nonvenomous colubrid endemic to Sri Lanka.
Dendrelaphis cyanochloris, commonly known as Wall's Bronzeback, is a species of snake found in Southeast Asia.
Palleon is a genus of small chameleons erected in 2013 for a small clade formerly assigned to the genus Brookesia.
A common species, the IUCN has listed it as being of "least concern".
Fossils have been found from Argentina of early Eocene age.
Cyclemys enigmatica, tentatively dubbed as the enigmatic leaf turtle, is a species of Asian leaf turtle found in the Greater Sunda Islands.
It has a medium brown dorsal surface, with a paler ventral surface and a yellow tail.
Their natural range is Thailand, Burma, and Indonesia.
Thamnosophis is a genus of lamprophiid snakes found only on the island of Madagascar.
The elegant coral snake is a species of elapid snake, native to southern Mexico and Guatemala.
As of 14 February 2012, it is the smallest known chameleon and among the smallest reptiles.
Of all the species in its subfamily, Crotaphytinae, C. reticulatus is the only one not restricted to rocky habitats.
A typical female has white stripes on the edges of its back, and some distinctive spots in the throat.
Cnemaspis alwisi is a species of diurnal gecko endemic to island of Sri Lanka.
This lizard is able to run short distances across water using both its feet and tail for support, an ability shared with the plumed basilisk.
Its mouth was lined with blunt, peg-like teeth.
Sineoamphisbaena is an extinct genus of squamate of uncertain phylogenetic placement.
The genus Pailsus is a synonym of Pseudechis, and more work is needed to understand species limits among the smaller species of the group.
The potential threats to red-bellied turtle populations are numerous.
Initially, the rocks it was found in were thought to be from the Early Cretaceous, but the age was reevaluted in 2009.
Celestus duquesneyi, commonly known as Duquesney's galliwasp or the blue-tailed galliwasp, is a species of lizard in the Anguidae family.
It lived in South Africa, specifically in the Burgersdorp Formation in South Africa.
Coluber gracilis, commonly known as the graceful racer or slender racer, is a species of snake endemic to India.
Grandidier's Madagascar swift is a species of saxicolous lizard of the genus Oplurus.
Gambelia sila, also known as the blunt-nosed leopard lizard, is a blunt nosed lizard found in California.
Eremias acutorostris is a species of Lizard found in east Iran and south Afghanistan.
It is endemic to the Nama Karoo Region of South Africa.
Atropoides nummifer occiduus is a venomous pitviper subspecies endemic to southern Mexico, Guatemala, and El Salvador.
Distribution: India ), Myanmar, Laos, Vietnam, China
Planocephalosaurus was one of the first sphenodonts and bore a strong resemblance to the extant tuatara, albeit much smaller, at only 20 centimetres in length.
The head is black, with the scales alongside the mouth being white.
Rhinophis zigzag, or Zigzag Shieldtail, is a species of snake in the Uropeltidae family.
Ablepharus is a genus of skinks that contains the common snake-eyed skinks.
The Aldabra giant tortoise, from the islands of the Aldabra Atoll in the Seychelles, is one of the largest tortoises in the world.
Traukutitan has been described as a "large titanosaurid".
Gerrhonotus is a genus of anguid lizards that are commonly referred to as alligator lizards, due to a vague resemblance to the alligator.
Red-bellied short-necked turtle or Jardine River Turtle, Emydura subglobosa, Krefft 1876Red-bellied short-necked turtle, Emydura subglobosa subglobosa
According to O'Shea this is an endangered subspecies, and the subspecies may even be extinct.
The area around its eye may be white, blue, or green.
It adapts very well to living in suburban gardens, but domestic cats – being introduced predators – will usually kill all chameleons in the immediate area.
Cnemaspis pava is a species of diurnal gecko endemic to island of Sri Lanka.
The Brazilian snake-necked turtle, locally known as cágado da serra, is a species of chelid turtle endemic to southeastern Brazil.
The shield-tailed agama or turnip-tailed agama, Xenagama taylori, is a species of lizard in the family Agamidae.
It was a large-bodied herbivore characterized by a long neck.
They usually adapt well to captivity, eating a wide range of readily available foods.
It is found in Brazil, Colombia, and Venezuela.
From the maxilla it can be inferred that the skull is deep and lightly built with large openings.
Typhlops conradi is a species of snake in the Typhlopidae family.
Its ventral surface is pale, occasionally with markings on the throat.
The Negev tortoise is a species of tortoise endemic to the Negev Desert in southern Israel.
Sphaerodactylus parvus is a gecko endemic to the Anguilla Bank of islands in the Lesser Antilles, which comprises Anguilla, Saint Martin, and Saint Barthélemy.
Wide support exists, though, for a 2009 revision that synonymised the genera Boulengerina and Paranaja with Naja.
They are not venomous or otherwise dangerous to humans.
It follows the taxonomy currently provided by ITIS, which is based on the continuing work of Dr. Roy McDiarmid.
The Spotted Rock Gecko, Hemidactylus hunae, is a species of gecko endemic to island of Sri Lanka.
It is considered a leading cause of snakebite within its range.
Knuckles Bent-toed Gecko, Cyrtodactylus ramboda, also known as Dumbara Bent-toed Gecko, is a species of gecko endemic to island of Sri Lanka.
Chamaeleo monachus is a species of chameleon endemic to the island of Socotra.
Skinks are lizards belonging to the family Scincidae and the infraorder Scincomorpha.
Bocourt's arboreal alligator lizard is a species of lizard found in the Guatemalan section of the Sierra Madre de Chiapas.
They reach about 48 cm in length, out of which the tail constitutes more than half.
These provide little information on its overall appearance.
The species has a yellow-brown color with males having a purple dewlap that blends into crimson near the tip.
The last records of this tortoise date to the early 18th century.
Agkistrodon contortrix is a species of venomous snake endemic to Eastern North America, a member of the Crotalinae subfamily.
They prey on small insects and other small mollusks.
Ctenosaura melanosterna, commonly known as the black-chested spiny-tailed iguana or Honduran spinytailed iguana, is a species of lizard in the family Iguanidae.
Adelphicos latifasciatum, the Oaxaca burrowing snake, is a colubrid snake described by John D. Lynch and Hobart Muir Smith in 1966.
It is the sole species of genus Amphiesma.
A common name for this group is liolaemids.
The specific name refers to the unequal serrations on the teeth.
It is classified as Least Concern in the IUCN Red List.
It is slender, up to about 1 m long, and either green or brownish with a paler underside.
It was among the larger carnivores in the faunal assemblages it occurred in.
The Philippine sailfin lizard lives mainly beside water, e.g., rivers, riverbanks, rice-fields, etc., as these lizards love to swim.
Amphisbaena arenaria is a species of worm lizard found in Brazil.
Sinopliosaurus is a genus of pliosauroid plesiosaur, a type of short-necked marine reptile, from the Early Cretaceous of People's Republic of China.
Only 12 individuals have been identified since the species was discovered in 1937.
Norops is the proposed generic name for 150 lizard species traditionally classified in the genus Anolis.
Abronia deppii is an endangered species of arboreal alligator lizard, described in 1828 by Arend Friedrich August Wiegmann, which is endemic to Mexico.
It was first named by Lambe, L. M. in 1972 and the type species is Plesiobaena antiqua.
Common names: Malayan ground pit viper, Malayan pit viper, Malayan ground snake, Malayan moccasin.
It feeds on lizards, small mammals, and birds.
It is a member of the genus Sceloporus.
Trimeresurus jerdonii bourreti is a venomous pitviper subspecies endemic to Vietnam.
Minicynodon was named by José Fernando Bonaparte, César Leandro Schultz, Marina Bento Soares and Agustín G. Martinelli in 2010 and the type species is Minicynodon maieri.
Diurnal and secretive, it spends most of its time buried in mud and – during the winter months – in hibernation.
Rock iguanas have a high degree of endemism, with a single species or subspecies restricted to individual islands.
The sole member of the monotypic genus Neoseps, it is endemic to Florida in the United States.
Uropeltis is a genus of nonvenomous shield tail snakes endemic to peninsular India.
Initially reported as an ornithopod ornithischian, this specimen was unambiguously referred to Sauropoda in 2016 by McPhee et al.
Cryptophis nigrescens is an elapid snake described by Günther in 1862.
Aprasia is a genus of lizards in the family Pygopodidae.
Reticulated toad-headed agama Phrynocephalus reticulatus is a species of agamid lizard found in Central Asia and West Asia.
The common adder is found in different terrains, habitat complexity being essential for different aspects of its behaviour.
Both genus and species were named in 2003 by Brazilian paleontologists Ismar de Souza Carvalho and Leonardo dos Santos Avilla, and their Argentine colleague, Leonardo Salgado.
It lives on insects, small amphibians, reptiles and warm-blooded animals.
Meroles ctenodactylus, also known as Smith's sand lizard or Smith's desert lizard, is a species of sand-dwelling lizard in the family Lacertidae.
The smooth greensnake is a nonvenomous North American colubrid.
It is named after German herpetologist Robert Mertens.
The freckled monitor is a smaller subspecies with a lighter, more distinct colouration confined mainly to eastern Australia.
The footprints, which form tracks, occur in several levels on bedding planes of fine-grained sediments.
The Cape coral snake, also known as the Cape coral cobra is a species of venomous elapid snake found in parts of southern Africa.
The specific name is dedicated to the French naturalist Didier Descouens.
The Seychelles wolf snake is a species of snake in the family Colubridae.
It is the largest member of the genus Leiolepis.
Christinus marmoratus is a species of Gekkonidae native to southern mainland of Australia, from Victoria to Western Australia.
It is the only species within the genus Aeluroscalabotes, and the only genus found within the taxonomic Subfamily Aeluroscalabotinae.
With a length of about 4 cm, this tiny nocturnal gecko is, along with Cryptactites peringueyi, the smallest lizard in southern Africa.
The specific name of the type species, N. magnus, alludes to its extremely large size in comparison to other xenosaurids known at the time.
Trimeresurus jerdonii xanthomelas is a venomous pitviper subspecies endemic to China.
In general, plioplatecarpines were short-skulled, short-bodied forms and were among the strongest swimming mosasaurs.
The Arabian chameleon, Chamaeleo arabicus, is a species of chameleon native to the southern Arabian Peninsula.
Timon princeps is a species of Timon which belongs to the family of Lacertidae, the wall lizards.
It is found in East Asia, ranging from central Vietnam, north through the coastal provinces of south and central China.
Elseya branderhorsti is a species of freshwater turtle from the family Chelidae.
The genus name means "Sand-loving", and these tortoises typically inhabit the arid and semi-arid areas of southern Africa.
Of 15 species of horned lizards in North America, eight are native to the United States.
Bothrops erythromelas, commonly known as the Caatinga lancehead or the jararaca-da-seca, is a species of venomous snake in the family Viperidae.
The large differences in colour pattern in adult males seems to have been the basis for the recognition of the Northern and Southern "subspecies".
The Be'er Sheva fringe-fingered lizard is a species of lizard in the Lacertidae family.
Females are occasionally found coiled around their eggs in a protective attitude.
It reaches a total length of 180 mm.
Pantherophis gloydi, originally described by Conant in 1940, merged with P. vulpinus in 2011
The Indian golden gecko or Beddome's golden gecko is a species of gecko known only from the Eastern Ghats of India.
The gold-striped gecko, Woodworthia chrysosireticus, is a species of gecko in the family Gekkonidae.
Rhadinophis prasinus is a species of colubrid snake found in Asia.
Courtship usually involves a group of males vying for one female, which occurs in open water.
The present type material consists of a sacrum and some of the left metacarpals and phalanges.
This group seems to be paraphyletic however, and the present genus is apparently not closely related to most or all of them.
For similar skinks see genera Pseudemoia, Lampropholis, and Niveoscincus.
At the left shoulder an impression of the skin had been preserved.
Its diet is supplemented by spiders, grasshoppers, termites and beetles, often excavated from their daytime retreats.
Like some other reptiles the species it is viviparous, giving birth to six or more live young in a litter.
It is monotypic within the genus Pachycalamus.
It is also known as the Qudeni dwarf chameleon.
Stupendemys's carapace measured over 1.80 m in length and was also very wide.
Finsch's monitor is a species of monitor lizard found in New Guinea and Australia.
Coronella is a genus of harmless colubrids found in Europe, North Africa and West Asia.
It was described by Günther in 1880.
Elapomorphus is a genus of venomous snakes of the family Colubridae.
It is found in the Indian Ocean.
Gymnophthalmus underwoodi, called commonly Underwood's spectacled tegu, is a species of microteiid lizard, which is found in South America and on certain Caribbean islands.
This bed is just below rocks of the overlying Javelina Formation.
It is mostly found in moist forests and can cover a horizontal distance of about 100 metres in a glide from the top of a tree.
They are unpigmented worm lizards with rounded heads, and extensive fusion of the head shields.
The World Wide Fund for Nature is trying to save this species from extinction.
The authors of the paper that first proposed the idea suggested that all other tritheledontids be reassigned to a new family called Pachygenelidae, named after Pachygenelus.
Until recently, this species was assigned to the same genus as the morphologically similar sand lizard.
Species within this genus lived from the Cretaceous period to the Eocene epoch, approximately from 70.6 to 33.9 million years ago.
It is known from deposits of Late Paleocene or Early Eocene age near the village of Linah in northern Saudi Arabia.
Amphisbaena caeca, commonly known as the Puerto Rican worm lizard, is a species of worm lizard endemic to Puerto Rico.
Eublepharid geckos lack adhesive toepads and, unlike other geckos, have movable eyelids.
Long-living and late maturing for anoles, the Dominican anole can usually breed from around two to three months of age.
Dicrodon is a genus of lizards in the family Teiidae.
Due to their size, aggression and distribution, saltwater crocodiles are regarded as the most dangerous extant crocodilian to humans.
The newly proposed classification comes from a restructuring of the Teiidae family based upon the study of 137 morphological characteristics.
Invasive plants and urban development have eradicated much of the bog turtle's habitat, substantially reducing its numbers.
It lived in what is now Australia.
It is also unlike related species in that it lives in burrows, which occur in small colonies through the dry rainforest habitat.
This day gecko feeds on insects and nectar.
Typhlops syntherus is a species of snake in the family Typhlopidae.
Duerosuchus is an extinct genus of crocodilian.
Protobothrops xiangchengensis is a venomous pit viper species endemic to south-central China.
Today it is commonly considered to be a nomen dubium because of the limited remains.
P. sicula is the most abundant lizard species in southern Italy.
Initially placed into Chamaeleo, it was for some time moved to the genus Calumma by some.
It is endemic to the Arabian Peninsula and Iran where it spends the day buried in the sand.
Ictidognathus is an extinct genus of non-mammalian synapsid that lived in South Africa during the Late Permian.
It has been suggested that Linhenykus may be a junior synonym of Parvicursor.
Like many other teleosaurids from Europe, it has had a convoluted taxonomic history.
The spider-tailed horned viper is a species of viper endemic to western Iran which was described in 2006.
Imantodes cenchoa is a species of rear-fanged colubrid snake distributed in Mexico, Central America, and South America.
This turtle gets its name from the fact that their shell has a flattened or lower dome than the other sea turtles.
The Manning River snapping turtle is a species of turtle in the Chelidae family.
Spondylurus is a genus of lizards in the family Scincidae.
Leptotyphlops melanurus, or the Dark blind snake, is a species of snake in the family Leptotyphlopidae.
This species has two known subspecies, the nominate Bungarus multicinctus multicinctus, and Bungarus multicinctus wanghaotingi.
X. f. schnurrenbergeri of Nepal is now considered an independent species, Xenochrophis schnurrenbergeri.
Also named for its color, the Western Yellowbelly Racer is also gray with red or brown blotches when young.
Common names: Brown Spotted Pit Viper, Pointed-Scaled Pit Viper, more.
The same year Yoshihiko Okazaki first reported on the find.
Death from prawn trawls often comes either from drowning or being crushed.
In 2012 a number of tegu species were reclassified from Tupinambis to the previously used genus Salvator.
The specimen was given the nickname "Hellboy" for its horns and the difficulty of removing it from the matrix.
This species is known from fragmentary remains discovered in eastern Algeria, in the Sahara Desert.
A few specimens have reached up to 24 in.
Biological Survey from 1890, becoming chief in 1916.
Two subspecies are currently recognized, including the nominate subspecies described here.
The many-banded krait mostly inhabits marshy areas throughout its geographical distribution, though it does occur in other habitat types.
Leptotyphlops bicolor, or the two-colored blind snake, is a species of snake in the Leptotyphlopidae family.
The holotype is a single trunk vertebra found in France.
It is found in Morocco and Western Sahara.
It lived in present-day Algeria, in the Middle Jurassic Period.
They inhabit foremost flowing rivers with high sand banks that they use for basking and building nests.
Bothrops marajoensis, or the Marajó lancehead, is a species of venomous snake in the family Viperidae.
Hydrophis nigrocinctus is a species of marine venomous snakes Elapidae.
The name Brachygnathosuchus refers to its characteristically broad, stout mandible, unusual among crocodilians.
However, later searches of this island have failed to turn up any specimens and native islanders deny ever seeing it.
Abronia mixteca is a vulnerable species of arboreal alligator lizard described in 1967 by Charles Mitchill Bogert and Ann Porter.
The specific epithet honours Ralph E. Molnar, who first described the specimen in 1980.
Gobiderma is an extinct genus of Late Cretaceous lizard whose fossils are known from the Gobi Desert in southern Mongolia.
The forest hinge-back tortoise, serrated hinge-back tortoise, or Schweigger's tortoise is a species of turtle in the Testudinidae family.
It also has auricular lobules and heavy keels on the dorsal scales.
coahuilaensis' named in 2009 was reassigned as Mexichelys coahuilaensis in 2010
