He was born Prince of Sweden and Norway, and after the Norwegian secession from Sweden, he was Prince Oscar, Duke of Gotland.
Because he had a weak heart, an operation was ruled out.
Finally, Krishna arrived in Mathura and slew his uncle Kamsa.
Among others, Emperor Nicholas I of Russia, speaking with authority as Head of the elder Holstein-Gottorp line, regarded the Duke of Augustenborg a rebel.
Through her marriage to Duke Peter of Oldenburg, Therese was also a Duchess of Oldenburg.
John William III, Duke of Saxe-Eisenach, was a duke of Saxe-Eisenach.
Duke Xiao of Qi was from 642 to 633 BC ruler of the State of Qi during the Spring and Autumn period of ancient China.
She died at a young age at the Georgetown Visitation Monastery in Washington, D.C..
Vappuvanna was a Shilahara ruler of north Konkan branch, or modern-day western India, from 880 CE – 910 CE.
Yonas or Jonah was nəgusä nägäst of Ethiopia.
He succeeded King Saw Yun, his maternal half-brother.
Rama Varma Kunhji Pillai Thampuran, or Rama Varma IX, popularly known as Sakthan Thampuran, was the ruler of the Kingdom of Cochin.
But according to the Vietnamese historical text Đại Việt sử ký toàn thư, Zhao Xing's Posthumous name was Ai Vương.
Several hundred of the King's supporters marched and built roadblocks on the island during the crisis.
Impelled "by a mix of commerce, revenge, and pique", Louis sensed that warfare was the ideal way to enhance his glory.
Her paternal grandparents were Charles III, Duke of Lorraine and Claude of Valois.
He also gives patronage to several other organisations, including the HALO Trust, the London Marathon Charitable Trust, and Walking With The Wounded.
Educated in mission schools, he joined the French colonial army in 1939 as a private.
She was a first cousin of the reigning Prince Albert II and niece of Rainier III.
She died the following year, during the reign of her granddaughter Queen Elizabeth II, who had not yet been crowned.
Haakon was born in Bergen on 10 November 1232, as the second son of king Haakon Haakonsson of Norway and his queen, Margrét Skuladóttir.
Simeon Ivanovich Gordiy was Prince of Moscow and Grand Prince of Vladimir.
Rákóczy, in Romanian: Francisc Rákóczi al II-lea, in Serbian Ференц II Ракоци.
She did, however, act alone when William was engaged in military campaigns abroad, proving herself to be a powerful, firm, and effective ruler.
Muqrin bin Abdulaziz Al Saud is a member of House of Saud who served as Crown Prince of Saudi Arabia from January to April 2015.
The last king of Sine and Saloum died in 1969.
Installed as Heir Apparent with the title of 'Raja Muda' in October 1759.
She was the wife of George Plantagenet, 1st Duke of Clarence.
After some time passed with the two forces sizing up, Constantine VI gave in to the reassuring advice of a "false prophet" and ordered the attack.
She is best known as Queen Zhou the Elder to distinguish from her younger sister Queen Zhou the Younger whom Li Yu married after her death.
Later, he established his own principality of Chachabad and was killed in an ambush while fighting the Delhi Sultanate forces at the age of 73.
The Sanskrit poet Gunda Dimdima, and the noted Telugu language poet Srinatha whom the king honored with the title Kavisarvabhauma were in his court.
He was a son of Emperor Zhongzong, but was not favored during Emperor Zhongzong's reign and was exiled.
Norman Davies characterized Louis XV's reign as "one of debilitating stagnation," characterized by lost wars, endless clashes between the Court and Parlement, and religious feuds.
The princess was brought before the King in a procession.
Because of his short stature he was nicknamed 'Łokietek', a diminutive of the word 'łokieć'.
Zhenjin died on 5 January 1286, eight years before his father Kublai Khan.
This resulted in further missions to Central Asia.
In 1584, after he attained puberty, this was enhanced to 9000 men.
Like other early Chu rulers, he held the hereditary noble rank of viscount first granted to his ancestor Xiong Yi by King Cheng of Zhou.
For the cruiser see Russian cruiser Vladimir Monomakh, for the submarine see Russian submarine Vladimir Monomakh
Partly due to his long reign, Tiridates II became one of the most powerful and most influential monarchs from the Arsacid dynasty.
Juan Carlos I of Spain is a descendant of her granddaughter Archduchess Elisabeth Franziska of Austria, the grandmother of Alfonso XIII of Spain.
He was succeeded by his son Paramesvaravarman I.
He was also a Prussian soldier and Generalfeldmarschall.
After his death, Salima was subsequently married by her first-cousin Akbar.
On the death of his father in 1849, he succeeded as King of the Netherlands.
Shivaji carved out an enclave from the declining Adilshahi sultanate of Bijapur that formed the genesis of the Maratha Empire.
Before her marriage to Felipe, Letizia was a journalist and news anchor.
This led to the Chinese idiom "the half-old Lady Xu", used to describe a middle-aged or old-aged woman who is considered sexually promiscuous.
He was a top military commander in his father Alaungpaya's reunification campaigns of the country.
Al-Muhtadi's mother was Qurb, a Greek slave.
Married briefly to the ten-year-old Henry I of Castile, she held for a time the title Queen of Castile.
Der Ling had a brother, Xunling, who studied photography in France and later took the only photographs of Empress Dowager Cixi still in existence.
Kamakahelei, was alii nui, or Queen regnant, of the island of Kauaʻi.
After Mary renounced the throne, Charles was crowned king on 31 December 1385, but he was murdered at the instigation of Mary's mother in February 1386.
Armin, Prince of Lippe was the son of Leopold IV, Prince of Lippe and his second wife, Princess Anna of Ysenburg and Büdingen.
Prince David, born of Solomon's first marriage to Tinatin Shervashidze.
She was also close to her sickly brother Henry.
He was known to have had his chef killed for not cooking his bear paws well.
Rukirabasaija Oyo Nyimba Kabamba Iguru Rukidi IV, King Oyo, is the reigning Omukama of Toro, in Uganda.
An attempt was even made by crusader Raymond IV of Toulouse to attack Baghdad, but he was defeated near Tokat.
Prince Peter of Greece and Denmark was a Greek prince, soldier and anthropologist specialising in Tibetan culture and polyandry.
Despite this account, it is more likely Anawrahta conquered Thaton in order to check the westward advance of Khmer Empire in the Tenasserim coast.
Babur commemorated the birth of his first grandson both by mentioning it and by preserving his own congratulatory letter to Humayun in his memoir, the Baburnama.
He followed his brother Louis to Rome.
She also served as regent of England during the absence of her stepson in 1415.
Victoria, Princess Royal was a German Empress and Queen of Prussia by marriage to German Emperor Frederick III.
Their only son John, Count of Montfort, died at a young age.
Western Wei's paramount general Yuwen Tai awarded Li Ezi to his son Yuwen Yong, then the Duke of Fucheng, to be Yuwen Yong's concubine.
They had no children and the King divorced her on 20 March 1369 on grounds of infertility.
In her later life she became an important supporter of the Protestant reformation and ally of John Calvin.
During his reign, he used the title "Heavenly Prince", roughly equivalent to emperor.
His secular rule was supported by the clergy.
Based in Pandua, his conquests reached as far as the Kathmandu Valley, Varanasi, Gorakhpur, Champaran and Cuttack.
Ras Desta Damtew was an Ethiopian noble, an army commander, and a son-in-law of Emperor Haile Selassie I.
Upon Peter's death, the kingdom passed to his only son by Marie of Montpellier, the future James the Conqueror.
Antiochus III Epiphanes was the ruler of the Kingdom of Commagene from 12 BC to 17 AD.
He remained in the fortress of al-Karak, which the Mamluks besieged at least seven times, until being captured in July 1344.
Probably the son of Zhao Suhou, King Wuling of Zhao ascended to the throne at 325 BCE, about halfway into the Warring States Period.
The heavily fortified city managed to withstand the siege of the Siamese until the fleet fleeing with the arrival of Chinese ships.
However, in 1229 their manor of Chingford Earls was temporarily in the hands of a creditor, Robert de Winchester.
Shahzada Mumtaz Shikoh also known as Mumtaz Shukoh, was the third son of Mughal prince Dara Shikoh.
Prince Heinrich of Hanover is a historian and publisher in Göttingen with publishing firm MatrixMedia.
He introduced the panchayat system, gaslights, water works, newspaper, and the zoological garden to Dhaka.
Friedrich Günther, Prince of Schwarzburg-Rudolstadt was a sovereign prince of Schwarzburg-Rudolstadt.
Banness Elizabeth was buried in Bobovac in a tomb which she shared with her husband, brother-in-law Vladislaus and sister-in-law Jelena.
Despite his never having been emperor, he was posthumously honored as an emperor by Emperor Xuanzong.
His parents were Louis II the Frank and Mechthild, daughter of Count Louis II of Württemberg.
He has been outspoken on the role of architecture in society and the conservation of historic buildings.
She was the daughter of King Eric II of Norway and Margaret, daughter of King Alexander III of Scotland.
Rasoherina was Queen of Madagascar from 1863 to 1868, succeeding her husband Radama II following his presumed assassination.
She was born in circa 1844 on the island of Raiatea while her mother was exiled there.
King Kang followed his father King Cheng’s policy and expanded the Zhou territory in the North and in the West.
He ruled for 10 years, was given the posthumous name Xiao Yi and was succeeded by his son.
As their numbers increased, they formed maroon settlements.
Alexandrine Auguste of Mecklenburg-Schwerin was Queen of Denmark as the spouse of King Christian X.
He only became heir to the throne when his older brother José, Prince of Brazil, died of smallpox in 1788 at the age of 27.
Qudsia Begum, was a wife of Mughal emperor Muhammad Shah and mother of emperor Ahmad Shah Bahadur.
The capital of this branch was Puri, after which the country was called Puri-Konkan .
Ashoka was an Indian emperor of the Maurya Dynasty who ruled almost all of the Indian subcontinent from c. 268 to 232 BCE.
He is the son of Prince Philip Erasmus of Liechtenstein and Isabelle de L'Arbre de Malander.
He frequently goes by the name of Jean Nassau.
Some authorities say he also held the title of "Archbishop of York", but this is probably an error.
In his struggle against Imperial hegemony, he sought the support of Henry VIII of England at the Field of the Cloth of Gold.
A member of the House of Hohenzollern, he is popularly known as "the Great Elector" because of his military and political achievements.
She spent much of the rest of her life in exile in Orkney, Jorvik and Denmark.
In 1219 she became a nun after her older son Daniel of Galicia married the daughter of Mstislav the Bold.
Driven off the mainland by the Manchus, he retreated to modern-day Tainan where he fell ill and died of dissipation on March 17, 1681.
Due to these two factors, Grand Prince Vladimir also began Christianizing his kingdom.
He conquered the Kwararafa and the numerous Hausa Kingdoms around Kano laying the seeds for Kanoan dominance in the Bilad as Sudan.
He later attended Centre College, Danville, Kentucky and studied architecture at Massachusetts Institute of Technology both in the U.S..
The treaty formally ended the Hundred Years' War.
A revolt led by William Marshal's son, Richard, broke out in 1232, ending in a peace settlement negotiated by the Church.
She was also Princess of Asturias by marriage.
Antoinette de Bourbon was a French noblewoman of the House of Bourbon.
Marie de Coucy was a Queen consort of the Kingdom of Scotland by marriage to Alexander II of Scotland, King of Scots.
As a result, she gave up her imperial title and left the Japanese Imperial Family, as required by law.
Two devastating plagues happened during his reign, one in 664 and the other in 682; he himself was a victim of the second.
He was known as a High Chief of the Waiʻanae district of the island of Oʻahu.
The famous Malian ruler Mansa Musa who made a pilgrimage to Mecca was his grandnephew.
Uskhal Khan's commanders, Öljei-Buqa and Nair-Buqa, invaded Lulun city, killing the Ming officer Liu Guang in the same year.
Cheese made by her method became known as "Dunlop cheese".
Eldest son and successor of Ordulf and Wulfhild of Norway, he was the last member of the House of Billung.
John Casimir of Saxe-Coburg was the Duke of Saxe-Coburg.
Princess Augusta of Saxe-Weimar-Eisenach was the Queen of Prussia and the first German Empress as the consort of William I, German Emperor.
However, the Eric who was contemporary with Harald Fairhair is called Eymundsson by Snorri Sturluson.
He was succeeded by his son, Zhu Youjiao, who was enthroned as the Tianqi Emperor.
During his reign the country experienced numerous revolts, and even his rule was usurped for more than a year by Sherdil Khan.
Cináed mac Duib anglicised as Kenneth III, and nicknamed An Donn, "the Chief" or "the Brown", was King of Scots from 997 to 1005.
Min Hla Htut of Pyakaung was the chief queen of Viceroy Sithu Kyawhtin of Toungoo.
They were found guilty and executed while Yu Ja-gwang was promoted to a high office and given a title of prince.
From birth, he had many health issues and developed a humped back.
Sitric also converted to Christianity, though this did not last long and he soon reverted to paganism.
These ditches received storm water and overflow from the Lake Pichola and conveyed it to Lake Udai Sagar from where the water was used for irrigation.
She was a member of the Kyōgoku school of verse, and her work appears in the Gyokuyōshū.
After the Thirty Years' War Karl effectively restored his dominions economically.
Elizabeth was the regent for her young son Louis from 1348 until her death in 1352.
Zhu inherited the title the Prince of Zheng in 1593, but quickly resigned it to his cousin.
Prince Michel of Bourbon-Parma is a decorated former soldier, racing car driver, French businessman and dynast of the deposed sovereign ducal House of Bourbon-Parma.
He died of illness in 161 and was succeeded by his adopted sons Marcus Aurelius and Lucius Verus as co-emperors.
Although this is an argument from silence, it is a plausible assumption.
Robert married Elizabeth Mure around 1348, legitimising his four sons and five daughters.
Guttorm Sigurdsson was the King of Norway from January to August 1204, during the Norwegian civil war era.
One of the neverforgotten fact of Kanipahu's descendants was this marriage.
Victoria Pōmare-vahine was a Tahitian princess and daughter of Queen Pōmare IV of Tahiti and her husband Ariʻifaʻaite a Hiro.
Neferneferuaten Nefertiti was an Egyptian queen and the Great Royal Wife of Akhenaten, an Egyptian Pharaoh.
He also claimed the title King of England from 1216 to 1217.
Several months later, Yuwen Eying was also poisoned to death.
Shin Myat Hla was the chief queen consort of King Mohnyin Thado of Ava from 1426 to 1439.
He is the son of Franz Joseph II, Prince of Liechtenstein and his wife Countess Georgina von Wilczek.
He was successful the following year and placed one of his sons on the throne.
The district, 'Birbhum' bears the name of Bir Malla who ruled in the area.
It is unknown if he was a son of Ruler C.
After the assassination of his brother Alexander II in 1881, Konstantin fell from favour.
He secretly married in 1597 Countess Emilia of Nassau, daughter of William the Silent and Anna of Saxony.
Duke Eugen of Württemberg was a German prince and a staff officer of Württemberg.
Katranide is known for her khachkar, which is situated in Garni, Armenia.
Charlotte of Savoy was queen of France as the second spouse of Louis XI.
Unpopular, ill and fearing a coup, he committed suicide.
His step-brother would later be married to his sister Octavia, and soon eclipsed him.
John I was King of Portugal and the Algarve in 1385–1433.
Mohammed Zahir Shah was the last King of Afghanistan, reigning from 8 November 1933 until he was deposed on 17 July 1973.
He enstated a new law which allowed him to punish anyone, by death, who dared to speak against him.
After their father's death in 1587, Wilhelm and his brother Friedrich inherited the Duchy of Courland.
There are only a few major important events in his life that are documented.
He held different cabinet posts in the 1950s.
He was Voivode of Transylvania before his coronation.
Ayn-al-Hayat Rifaat was an Egyptian princess and a member of the Muhammad Ali Dynasty.
She later shared the government of Champagne with her second husband, the English prince Edmund Crouchback, until her daughter reached the age of majority.
With the coming of Lothair, Godfrey was forced to yield it to Waleran.
Hodierna of Jerusalem was a Countess consort of Tripoli, one of the Crusader states.
Ferdinando de' Medici was the eldest son of Cosimo III de' Medici, Grand Duke of Tuscany, and Marguerite Louise d'Orléans.
He was Count of Ponthieu from 1351 to 1360, and Count of La Marche from 1356 to his death.
Prince Gabriel Konstantinovich of Russia was the second son of Grand Duke Konstantin Konstantinovich of Russia and his wife, Grand Duchess Elizabeth Mavrikievna of Russia.
Alfonso is the president of Racing Engineering, which he founded in 1999.
Born into the royal Bavarian house of Wittelsbach, Elisabeth enjoyed an informal upbringing before marrying Emperor Franz Joseph I at the age of sixteen.
The numbering tradition thus begun still continues, with the present king of Sweden being Carl XVI Gustaf.
She claimed the imperial title as suo jure Empress of All the Spains and Empress of All Galicia.
The Earl and Countess have two children: James, Viscount Severn, and Lady Louise Windsor, who are respectively tenth and eleventh in line to the British throne.
He was succeeded by his brother James.
Antonia was the eldest known recorded child of Antony's.
He probably died in the beginning of the 10th century in a battle against the Magyars.
He took the throne during the Brunei Civil War so avenging his grandfather Muhammad Ali's death.
In 1001 Edward's remains were moved to a more prominent place in the abbey, probably with the blessing of his half-brother King Æthelred.
Helena Kantakouzene was the Empress consort of John V Palaiologos in the Byzantine Empire.
The couple had eight children: two daughters and six sons.
Charles, Prince of Wales is the eldest child and heir apparent of Queen Elizabeth II.
Bhumanyu's lineage is the story of the Mahabharat.
The prince is referred by some Albanian monarchists as King Leka II since the death of his father, whom they referred to as Leka I.
She was the last Queen Consort of Nepal before the Monarchy was abolished on 28 May 2008.
Jan Długosz assumed that this was in reference to Władysław's unusually long and thin legs.
His mother was The Noble Consort Luean Niyavananda, daughter of Lord Narindrabhorn and Prik Niyavananda.
He was called The Iron Cable of Hawaiʻi because of his abilities.
Sultan Muhammad Jiwa Zainal Adilin Mu'adzam Shah II was the 19th Sultan of Kedah.
Princess Kako of Akishino is the second daughter of Fumihito, Prince Akishino and Kiko, Princess Akishino, and a member of the Japanese Imperial Family.
Following this Amlaíb and his kin warred with several Irish leaders in an attempt to expand their kingdom's influence.
Pratap Singh popularly known as Maharana Pratap, was a king of Mewar, a region in north-western India in the present day state of Rajasthan.
He did this only 13 years after the Gallic Empire of the Batavian Postumus was ended in 273.
He became king again in 1569 after his father's death during the Third Siege of Ayutthaya by Toungoo forces.
Arshak II, also known as Arsaces II and Arsak II was a prince who was a Roman client king of Arsacid Armenia from 350 until 368.
Sophie of Brandenburg-Ansbach-Kulmbach) was a princess of Brandenburg-Ansbach and was by marriage Duchess of Legnica.
Consequently, the Swedes gathered an enormous army and attacked Curland.
In 1615, the Acehnese under Iskandar Muda invaded Pahang, forcing Alauddin Riayat Shah to retreat into the interiors.
He sought to have their marriage annulled, setting in motion a chain of events that led to England's schism with the Catholic Church.
He was the son of Sultan Badlishah and the half-brother of Sultan Abdul Halim.
She was a granddaughter of Prince Muhammad bin Abdulaziz, who was an older brother of King Khalid.
Empress Xiaozhaoren was the second Empress Consort of the Kangxi Emperor of the Qing dynasty.
Though this was true of internal affairs, the Vikings remained a great threat, unsuccessfully storming Winchester and ravaging eastern Kent.
Princess Estelle of Sweden, Duchess of Östergötland, is the elder child and only daughter of Crown Princess Victoria of Sweden and Prince Daniel, Duke of Västergötland.
Insulted, Ataulf allied his Visigoths with Honorius, and they defeated Jovinus' troops.
In October 1924, facing defeat by Ibn Saud, he abdicated and was succeeded as king by his eldest son Ali.
Very little is known of his early life before his acclamation.
This occurred in 1908, when Carlos was murdered in Lisbon as he travelled in an open carriage with the royal family.
After Constantine died, the principalities seceded from Dioclea, and Vukan became the most powerful Serb ruler, as grand prince.
Costantino Ruspoli14 January 1865, Rome – 29 April 1889(1889-04-29), Rome).
He is also known as one of China's Four Most Handsome Men.
Maharani Gayatri Devi, was the third Maharani consort of Jaipur from 1940 to 1949, through her marriage to Maharaja Sawai Man Singh II.
He was succeeded by his son Xiao, known as Duke Xi of Chen.
He is credited as the original designer of the first Mexican flag.
He is believed to be buried on Saint Columba's Holy Island of Iona in or around the monastery.
Zhao Daoxiang died in 236 BCE, in the midst of a Qin invasion of Zhao.
Because his elder surviving brother chose Ærø as his seat, Alexander received Sønderborg upon their father's death and was in practice its second duke.
Charlemagne has been called the "Father of Europe", as he united most of Western Europe for the first time since the Roman Empire.
Philip transformed France from a small feudal state into the most prosperous and powerful country in Europe.
Edward used his influence over the process to subjugate Scotland and undermined Balliol's personal reign by treating Scotland as a vassal of England.
Magnentius offered to marry his daughter to Constantius and to marry Constantia the emperor's sister, in turn.
In 1909, he became the recognized leader of Morocco.
Wulfthryth is considered to be the likely mother of Æthelhelm and of Æthelwold, the leader of Æthelwold's Revolt.
Queen Joan, although wounded, managed to evade the attackers and was eventually reunited with her son James II in Edinburgh Castle.
Maria Claudia Grimaldi, Carmelite nun in Genoa.
Baeda Maryam II was nəgusä nägäst of Ethiopia.
Eventually, Balliol was sent to France, and retired into obscurity, taking no more place in politics.
John hated all military matters, and refused to march with the army, and after hiding himself begged Michael to send him back to Wahni.
In 1863, a general revolt broke out with most of the tribal chieftains siding against Khudadad Khan.
In 1893, Khudadad had his chief accountant and staff murdered for allegedly planning to assassinate him.
He was styled the Count of Moriana from birth but was later created the Count of Asti.
Emperor Xuan fell suddenly ill in summer 580, and Yang Jian entered the palace to attend to him.
He was the second son of Emperor Junna.
Yousuf Shah Chak was a ruler of Kashmir.
Zhu Ci was a general and rebel leader of the Chinese Tang dynasty.
The family is recognized as Counts in Prussia Imperial Knights, and barons from the Würzburg area in Franconia.
Louise Elisabeth and her younger sister Sophie Angelika are the only surviving children from her parents' marriage.
Eleanor of Viseu was a Portuguese infanta and later queen consort of Portugal.
He is a graduate of Webster University, London.
In 1449, nineteen-year-old James married fifteen-year-old Mary of Guelders, daughter of the Duke of Gelderland.
Their marriage was happy but short and childless.
She is the former wife of Prince Andrew, Duke of York, the second son of Queen Elizabeth II and Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh.
These plans were never successful, however, and Radama II was not to take the throne until 1861, when Ranavalona died aged 83.
He was a son of Edward the Elder and half-brother of Æthelstan.
She is the widow of King-Father Norodom Sihanouk, whom she married in 1952.
He married Eleanor of Provence, with whom he had five children.
Louis persevered in the Italian Wars, initiating a second Italian campaign for the control of the Kingdom of Naples.
His marriage in the 1050s to Matilda of Flanders provided him with a powerful ally in the neighbouring county of Flanders.
She is the godmother of Princess Stéphanie of Monaco.
Ereyanga was the son of Hoysala Vinayaditya and distinguished himself as a Chalukya feudatory during their campaigns against Dhara of Malwa.
The prefix Famak is a later addition in order to differentiate him from his successor.
After abdicating, Marie-Adélaïde retired in a monastery in Italy, before leaving due to ill health.
She is a member of the House of Hohenzollern as the elder daughter of Prince Hubertus of Prussia, grandson of Wilhelm II, German Emperor.
Other governators in Aleppo and Diyabakir declared independence too.
Emperor Wen tried to get her to remarry, but she refused.
Ernst Frederick III Karl, Duke of Saxe-Hildburghausen, was a duke of Saxe-Hildburghausen.
Man Bai was the daughter of Raja Bhagwant Das of Amber and married her first-cousin, Salim, when he was 15 years-old in 1585.
Kaʻahumanu was queen consort and acted as regent of the Kingdom of Hawaiʻi as Kuhina Nui.
She was the mother of Louis, Margrave of Baden-Baden, the famous chief commander of the Imperial army.
The state council were run by his brothers followed by their sons.
He has been described as one of the architects of modern Tripura
His elder brother, Duarte Pio, Duke of Braganza, is head of the House of Braganza, which ruled Portugal until 1910.
Through her father, she is in the line of succession to the British throne.
Henry was thus a great-grandson of Charles X of France.
Guo Ziyi was a reportedly a Nestorian Christian.
Gubazes II was king of Lazica from circa 541 until his assassination in 555.
His father came into imperial prison from the rest of his life.
Asaf Khan was also the elder brother of Empress Nur Jahan, the consort of Shah Jahan's father, Jahangir.
Princess Dagmar was born at Charlottenlund, Denmark.
Prince Moritz Franz Friedrich Constantin Alexander Heinrich August Carl Albrecht of Saxe-Altenburg, was a member of the ducal house of Saxe-Altenburg.
Elisabeth of Sicily was the youngest child of Charles I of Naples and his first wife Beatrice of Provence.
In both of those terms, he served together with Marcus Minucius Augurinus.
He patronised Kannada poet Chatu Vittalanatha, the great composer and singer Purandaradasa, and the Sanskrit scholar Rajanatha Dindima II.
Pavlos was heir apparent to the throne of Greece and was its crown prince from birth, remaining so during his father's reign until the monarchy's abolition.
The title was given to the İkbâls and Gözdes of the Sultan, which appeared for the first time in the reign of Sultan Mustafa II.
King Otto of Bavaria is not to be confused with King Otto of Greece, who was his uncle and godfather.
John VII of Werle-Güstrow was from 1395 to 1414 Lord of Werle-Güstrow.
Eleanor of Aragon, was the regent of Navarre from 1455 to 1479, then briefly the queen regnant of Navarre in 1479.
The only source of information about Simhavarman III is a genealogy given in the Vayalur grant of his grandson Mahendravarman I.
She is a second daughter of Prince Imperial Ui of Korea, a fifth son of Emperor Gojong of Korea and his concubine, Lady Sudeokdang.
King Sihahanu was an ancient monarch and paternal grandfather of Gautama Buddha.
She was the daughter of King Henry II of Castile and his wife, Juana Manuel of Castile, from a cadet branch of the Castilian royal house.
When Duke Xiang died, the throne returned to Duke Shēn's son Tu, known as Duke Xiao of Chen.
Empress Wei was an empress of the Chinese Tang Dynasty.
Ahmed bin Jassim Al Thani is a Qatari businessman, politician and a member of the royal family, Al Thani.
Duke Yi died after only three years of reign, and was succeeded by his younger brother Xie, known as Duke Ping of Chen.
These events would have cut off communications with India.
On 22 November 1754 in Coburg, she married Margrave Karl Alexander of Brandenburg-Ansbach and Bayreuth.
He was an ethnic Shatuo originally named, in the Shatuo language, Miaojilie.
Ha' K'in Xook left behind several monuments, including stelae at Piedras Negras and a stone fragment from El Porvenir.
By the Treaty of Canfranc, he was given as a hostage, along with his elder brothers, in exchange for his father.
Yuzhan, courtesy name Jungu, was a Chinese calligrapher of Manchu descent.
Princess Hwahyeop, or Princess Hwahyop was the seventh daughter of King Yeongjo of the Joseon dynasty in Korea.
He failed to prevent the Republic of Venice, which was assisted by crusaders of the Fourth Crusade, from seizing Zadar in 1202.
A major cultural site in Hilo, Hawaii is named after him.
She had two brothers - Grigor the Great, prince of Khachen, and Hovhannes-Senekerim, prince of Parisos.
After his death Eric returned and ruled until his own death in 1250.
Maharana Amar Singh I, the Maharana of Mewar, was the eldest son and successor of Maharana Pratap of Mewar.
A devout Roman Catholic, she raised a large family after being widowed at the age of 29, and never remarried.
Some of the most prominent places in modern Myanmar are named after him.
He allowed the barons and the prelates to erect stone fortresses and to set up their private armed forces.
Emperor Shenzong of Song, personal name Zhao Xu, was the sixth emperor of the Song dynasty in China.
During these stays outside of his duchy, he left the government in hands of his secret advisor Bernhard August von Lindenau.
Sohaemus reigned from 163 perhaps up to 186.
Perdiccas was betrayed and assassinated in a conspiracy by Seleucus, Peithon and Antigenes in Pelusium sometime in either 321 or 320 BC.
With a fleet Henry attacked Acre, defended by Charles' lieutenant Hugh Pelerin, and the city was captured on 29 July.
She grew up together with her sister Isabella, her brother Edward, and their cousin Joan of Kent.
She was the consort of Emperor Kameyama of Japan.
John Sigismund's realm was administered by his father's treasurer, George Martinuzzi, who wanted to reunite Hungary under the rule of Ferdinand.
Atsïz was the second Shah of Khwarezm from 1127 to 1156.
His father also entrusted him to Syedi Abdeali Imaduddin to be tutored on certain knowledge imparted by the 43rd Da'i al-Mutlaq Syedna Abdeali Saifuddin.
As he aged, Henry became severely obese and his health suffered, contributing to his death in 1547.
She succeeded Anne Boleyn as queen consort following the latter's execution in May 1536.
In 1709 Charles was defeated by the Russians at the Battle of Poltava and withdrew to Sweden, leaving Stanisław without any real and stable support.
Prince Michel is styled as the Count of Évreux.
Historians consider him among the Holy Roman Empire's greatest medieval emperors.
She acted as regent of the Byzantine Empire in 1180-1182.
Maria of Portugal was a Portuguese infanta, first daughter of King Peter I of Portugal and his Queen consort Constanza Manuel.
The new Duke of Orléans and his wife were then addressed as Monsieur le Prince and Madame la Princesse.
On 5 January 1425, she was displaced by the birth of a brother, the future King Henry IV of Castile.
The ministers chose his 15-year-old son by a concubine, Gazapati, who had put down the rebellion, to take over the throne.
He crushed a rebellion by his vassals at Arbuda, and unsuccessfully tried to invade the Naddula Chahamana kingdom.
He was the sixth child son of king John III of Portugal and Catherine of Austria.
He is the head of the Waris Jakun lineage; the other noble lineage of Rembau is the Waris Jawa.
It is believed this is a diminutive of the Slavic name Lścimir or Lścisław.
Lü Zhi was the first woman to assume the title Empress of China.
Consort Dun was a consort of the Qianlong Emperor of the Qing dynasty.
The rest of Konbaung kings traced lineage to him.
Yamīn-ud-Dawla Abul-Qāṣim Maḥmūd ibn Sebüktegīn, more commonly known as Mahmud of Ghazni, also known as Mahmūd-i Zābulī, was the most prominent ruler of the Ghaznavid Empire.
Archduchess Caroline Ludovika of Austria was the fourth child of Francis II, Holy Roman Emperor and his wife Maria Theresa of Naples and Sicily.
Princess Helena of the United Kingdom GCVO GBE CI VA  RRC; was the third daughter and fifth child of Queen Victoria and Prince Albert.
She was the daughter of Sultan Mahmud II and sister of the Sultans Abdülmecid I and Abdülaziz.
Báthory was preoccupied with the Livonian War, while Anna spent her time in Warsaw on local administrative matters and several construction works.
In 1989, the Duke and the Duchess of Soria created the Fundación Cultural Duques de Soria, its objective is to stimulate the Spanish language and culture.
In 1457, he deposed Jingtai and ruled again as the Tianshun Emperor until his death in 1464.
Chlothar spent most of his life in an unedifying campaign to expand his territories at the expense of his relatives and neighbouring realms in all directions.
Princess Amelia of Nassau-Weilburg was a Princess of Nassau by birth and by marriage Duchess of Anhalt-Bernburg.
Notably, the Rákóczi family was Calvinist, and they were staunch supporters of the Reformed Church in Hungary.
Raja Sri Raya Raghunatha Tondaiman was the ruler of Pudukkottai kingdom from 28 December 1769 to 30 December 1789.
Archduchess Renate of Austria was a daughter of Archduke Charles Stephen of Austria and a first cousin of King Alphonso XIII of Spain.
Both Uzana and Kyawswa went on to become kings of Pinya.
Preoccupied by the problematic succession in the Kingdom of Hungary, Maximilian failed to press his claim.
The immediate beneficiary of the slaughter was Máel Sechnaill, who resumed his interrupted reign.
She was the first wife of Alfonso, Duke of Calabria, who later reigned as King Alfonso II of Naples.
She was at first betrothed to Akbar's regent Bairam Khan by her maternal uncle, Humayun.
By marriage she was Duchess of Mecklenburg-Schwerin, although she died before her husband succeeded her father-in-law.
Pilolevu, Princess Royal of Tonga, The Honourable Lady Tuita is a royal princess of the Kingdom of Tonga and a member of the House of Tupou.
His ancestral name was Ying, and Duke Wu was his posthumous title.
Sultan Mudzaffar Shah III was the 11th Sultan of Kedah.
A daughter of Queen Isabella II of Spain, she married her first cousin Prince Ludwig Ferdinand of Bavaria.
In 1819, he married his niece, Princess Luisa Carlotta of Naples and Sicily, the eldest daughter of his older sister Maria Isabella.
He was Count of Paris, and was a claimant to the French throne from 1848 until his death.
Napoléon Charles Bonaparte, 5th Prince of Canino and Musignano, was born in Rome as the son of Charles Lucien Bonaparte and Zénaïde Laetitia Julie Bonaparte.
His personal name was Lü Wuji, ancestral name Jiang, and Duke Li was his posthumous title.
Three years later he died in captivity.
The documents of his era call him the "infante Frederick, ruler of the kingdom of Sicily", without any regnal number.
He abdicated in favor of his only son Yashwantrao Holkar II on 26 February 1926.
In the end, King You and Bofu were killed and Baosi was captured.
John William Friso, Prince of Orange-Nassau became the titular Prince of Orange in 1702.
Campaigns initiated in his lifetime include those against the Qara Khitai, Caucasus, and Khwarazmian, Western Xia and Jin dynasties.
Abu Al-Hasan 'Ali ibn 'Othman was a sultan of the Marinid dynasty who reigned in Morocco between 1331 and 1348.
Within the same year, a brief civil war erupted in Jementah, after repeated attempts to get his claims to the Kesang territory being recognised failed.
He divided his duchy into eight "battles": Léon, Kernev, Landreger, Penteur, Gwened, Naoned, Roazhon, and Sant Malou.
Maha Chakkraphat(Literally translated as The Great Emperor) was king of the Ayutthaya kingdom from 1548 to 1564 and 1568 to 1569.
He married, secondly, 29 November 1979 Marie-Christine Heftler-Louiche, born in Paris 1938, and had issue.
A Council of Regency, with Sir Rahim Bakhsh as its President, ruled on his behalf until 1924.
Thus, several years of religious controversy and discord followed.
Richeza had three known children: Casimir I the Restorer, Ryksa, Queen of Hungary, and Gertruda, Grand Princess of Kiev.
He was the renowned lover of Philippe de France, Monsieur, brother of Louis XIV.
This eventually occurred, but Croes lapsed into a coma after an accident on 31 December 1985 and was never conscious to see his accomplishment.
Tiridates II was an Armenian Parthian Prince who served as a Roman Client King of Armenia.
However, at Princess Taiping's suggestion, Emperor Ruizong, now carrying the title of Taishang Huang, continued to wield actual power.
Amélie Louise was a grandmother of Empress Elisabeth of Austria through her son Duke Maximilian Joseph in Bavaria.
He offered Stephan the hand of Elizabeth, the relative of his own Piast wife Elizabeth.
He was thrown to the ground and killed.
An able soldier, his ambition led to conflicts that limited his ultimate dynastic achievements.
After he was deposed, the Kingdom of the Two Sicilies and the Kingdom of Sardinia were merged into the newly formed Kingdom of Italy.
Princess Sudasiri Sobha produced by Mom La-or Sirisambandh, who married Prince Suvinit Kitiyakara had issue.
Vladislaus I was Duke of Bohemia from 1109 to 1117 and from 1120 until his death.
Thihathu, who had just founded the Myinsaing Kingdom with his two elder brothers, took her as a concubine.
He ascended the Hoysala throne after the death of his elder brother Veera Ballala I in c.1108.
His name is historically also spelled Rákóczy, in Hungarian: II.
During the subsequent years, Raymond ruled Antioch while Constance gave birth to four children.
Ladislaus canonized the first Hungarian saints in 1085.
Aleksandre Bagratis dze Bagrationi Gruzinsky was a Georgian prince, a descendant of the Kakhetian branch of the Bagrationi dynasty, the former royal house of Georgia.
His self-declared empire collapsed, and he was captured and executed by the Mexican government in 1867.
Kandahari Begum was the first wife of the Mughal emperor Shah Jahan.
Catherine Stenbock was Queen of Sweden between 1552 and 1560 as the third and last wife of King Gustav I.
The name, Owo, meaning Respect was coined from his intrigue attitude.
George and Caroline married the following year, and nine months later Caroline had a child, Princess Charlotte of Wales.
Louis I was the second son of John II of France and the founder of the Angevin branch of the French royal house.
Eric V and his brother John IV jointly succeeded their father in 1412 as dukes of Saxe-Lauenburg.
Princess Eugenia Maximilianovna of Leuchtenberg was a daughter of Maximilian de Beauharnais, 3rd Duke of Leuchtenberg and his wife Grand Duchess Maria Nikolaevna of Russia.
She is the younger sister of the reigning Queen of Denmark, Margrethe II, and the older sister of Queen Anne-Marie of Greece.
Blanche was born in 1313, before either of her parents ascended their respective thrones, during the reign of her paternal grandfather, King Philip IV of France.
The surviving coinage is a reflection of his Hellenic and Armenian descent and is evidence that he relinquished his Jewish connections.
He was first mentioned in one of his parents' charters dated no later than August 1131.
Princess Wolete Israel Seyoum was the daughter of Leul Ras Seyoum Mengesha, Prince of Tigray, KBE, and great-granddaughter of Emperor Yohannes IV of Ethiopia.
The battle was fought during a thunderstorm and ended in a defeat for the allies, and Jakun went back over the sea.
In addition, she had two further older half-siblings from her father's first marriage with Catharina of Waldeck-Wildungen, of whom only one survive: Dorothea Elisabeth.
The council proved to be ineffective and in 1930, Carol returned to Romania and replaced his son as king.
He was chosen to replace Fortún Garcés by the Pamplonese nobility in 905.
Adobogiona was an illegitimate daughter of king Mithridates VI of Pontus.
She acted as his political adviser and actively participated in state affairs.
Although he is commonly known as Gong, this is actually his posthumous name.
Alois has been regent of Liechtenstein since 15 August 2004.
Prince Himalaya Pratap Bir Bikram Shah, GBE, GCMG was a son of King Tribhuvan of Nepal and his first wife Queen Kanti.
His second cousin is Prince Michael of Greece and Denmark.
By the time of Duke You's reign, Jin had already been partitioned into three de facto states of Han, Zhao, and Wei.
From her fourteen full-siblings, only seven survive adulthood: Frederick, Sophie Elisabeth, Charles Louis, Eleanor Margaret, William Christian, Magdalene Sophie and Johanna Magdalene Louise.
Fourteen months later, his younger brother Prince Albert was born, who became consort of Queen Victoria of the United Kingdom.
Princess Maria Luisa of Bourbon-Parma was the eldest daughter of Robert I, the last reigning Duke of Parma.
Duke Nicholas of Württemberg was an officer in the army of the Austrian Empire.
At the time of Onneca's birth, which occurred between 848 and 850, the Iberian Peninsula was largely under the domination of the Muslim Umayyad dynasty.
In her later years she served as abbess of Gudhem Abbey.
He was the son of Frederick, Duke of Mecklenburg-Grabow, and Christine Wilhelmine, princess of Hesse-Homburg.
In his public persona, says Riasanovsky, "Nicholas I came to represent autocracy personified: infinitely majestic, determined and powerful, hard as stone, and relentless as fate."
She died in 588, and was buried only with ceremony due a Buddhist nun, south of Chang'an.
This literary work has been a primary source of Vakhtang's image as an example warrior-king and statesman, which has preserved in popular memory to this day.
It is said that the sun on the Seljuk coins of that time symbolizes Tamar, while the lion stands for the sultan himself.
Very little is known for certain about Eanred.
He joined his brothers at Moncada on 9 March.
Elizabeth was expected to go to Holland with her husband, but did not wish to go, leaving her husband to go alone.
Charles was the eldest son of Honoré I and Isabella Grimaldi.
Her father was the ruler of Brunswick-Wolfenbüttel in Germany, and her mother, Princess Augusta, was the sister of George III.
The Persian poet Ferdowsi refers to her as Purandokht in his epic poem, the Shahnameh.
Christopher died from an illness the following year in Copenhagen.
Darnley's maternal grandparents were Archibald Douglas, 6th Earl of Angus, and Margaret, daughter of Henry VII of England and widow of James IV of Scotland.
But within a few weeks of securing this agreement, he died in battle.
Almost simultaneously, Frederick William was also appointed governor of Sønderborg.
Xolilizwe married five wives who produced five sons and six daughters.
The local health board of south-west Wales also bears his name.
Chlothar I, also called "Clotaire I" and the Old, King of the Franks, was one of the four sons of Clovis I of the Merovingian dynasty.
His personal name was Lü Jing, ancestral name Jiang, and Duke Hu was his posthumous title.
Peter, called Tempesta, was the Count of Eboli from 1306.
Her official title was Her Majesty Samdech Preah Maha Rajini Ang Mey.
In the autumn of 180 BC, Grand Empress Dowager Lü died of an illness.
Mularaja was the founder of the Chaulukya dynasty of India.
The second son of King Constantine I, Alexander was born in the summer palace of Tatoi on the outskirts of Athens.
In the second half of his reign, Charles did not hold Diets and administered his kingdom with absolute power.
Li defeated him at the Battle of Hulao, capturing him.
The question of Louise's marriage was discussed in the late 1860s.
By birth, she was a princess of Moghulistan as a daughter of Qazan Khan ibn Yasaur and was also a direct descendant of Genghis Khan.
Amina I of the Maldives also called Amina Kabafa’anu and Aminath Kabafan, was sultana regnant of the Maldives from 1753 until 1754.
His death was the beginning of the end of the First Pandyan Empire.
His younger brother Philip II inherited the principality.
He was a saint soldier of the Khalsa Shaheedan Misl and head of the Budha Dal in the early 19th century.
During her five-year reign, she had over 280 religious dissenters burned at the stake in the Marian persecutions.
Thiruvananthapuram International Airport, Travancore Public Transport Department renamed Kerala State Road Transport Corporation, Pallivasal Hydro-electric Project, Fertilisers and Chemicals Travancore(FACT) etc.
The government retroactively declared his reign to have begun on 13 October 2016, upon his father's death.
Renata of Lorraine, was by birth a member of the House of Lorraine and by marriage Duchess of Bavaria.
He was the 805th Knight of the Order of the Golden Fleece in Austria in 1772.
Princess Marie Adélaïde of Savoy was the wife of Louis, Dauphin of France, Duke of Burgundy.
Sibylla and Guy were able to seize the throne in 1186 due to Raynald's co-operation with her uncle, Joscelin III of Courtenay.
Her husband is not mentioned in any of the royal chronicles.
She was known for her great skills in civil administration and retained great influence until her death.
He might have been a Seigneur of Nesle also, or used the title "Sire of Nesle" due to his family.
Ilamchetchenni was succeeded by his son, Karikala Chola, who is considered the greatest among the Early Cholas.
After a few years of education in England, he served in the Bengal Army, was wounded, and resigned his commission.
Yaropolk I Sviatoslavich was a young and rather enigmatic ruler of Kiev between 972 and 980.
He died, probably of disease, in 675.
In particular, he conducted a long series of raids into territories such as Meath, Wicklow, Ulster, and perhaps even the coast of Wales.
She was the daughter of Pengiran Pemancha Pengiran Anak Haji Mohammad Alam and Pengiran Anak Besar.
Bảo Đại was criticized for being too closely associated with France and spending much of his time outside of Vietnam.
Gilberto Frederico Jordan, married to Maria José A. Clavell.
She was the half-sister and first wife of King Chulalongkorn of Siam.
He withdrew all his troops from the Kingdom of Naples in 1351.
In 1960 Prince Louis adopted his distant cousin Moritz, Landgrave of Hesse.
He violently crushed a subsequent rebellion by the Animist cult at the Battle of Santolo waging in the processes the first Islamic Jihad in Sudanic Africa.
For the founder of Sagaing Kingdom, see Sawyun.
However, she refused to allow religious pluralism and advocated for the state church and contemporary adversary travelers criticized her regime as bigoted and superstitious.
Upon his death, he was succeeded by Mahathammaracha I.
Earlier Bughra Khan was the governor of Samana and Sanam.
Selim Giray declined the proposal, precipitating a surprise attack by Russia against the Khanate.
After Carloman, who was an intensely pious man, retired to religious life in 747, Pepin became the sole ruler of the Franks.
Prior to this election he had ruled the Duchy of Franconia from 906.
At the time of her death, she was the last surviving grandchild of Christian VII.
In 1113 or 1114 he helped a fellow Seljuk vassal, the Karakhanid Arslan Khan, stifle turmoil caused by the discontented religious classes in his realm.
After this incident, there were many cases of Yu accusing ministers who were apparently more prestigious than himself.
Prince Louis Charles of Prussia was the second son and third child of Frederick William II of Prussia and Frederika Louisa of Hesse-Darmstadt.
He occupied almost all Croatia in 1091, which marked the beginning of an expansion period for the medieval Kingdom of Hungary.
She was a daughter of King Charles VII of France, "The Victorious," and Marie of Anjou.
Naruhito, Crown Prince of Japan is the elder son of Emperor Akihito and Empress Michiko, which makes him the heir apparent to the Chrysanthemum Throne.
Claudia de' Medici was Regent of the Austrian County of Tyrol during the minority of her son from 1632 until 1646.
However Alfonso died before meeting his bride.
With the death of Tiberius in AD 37, Caligula succeeded his grand uncle and adoptive grandfather as emperor.
Rostyslav Volodymyrovych, Rostislav Vladimirovich was a landless prince from the Rurikid dynasty of Kievan Rus’.
Many ancient historians accuse Agrippina of poisoning Emperor Claudius, though accounts vary.
This was often emulated by later emperors who fancied themselves great strategists but who actually lacked Emperor Guangwu's brilliance—usually to great disastrous results.
Royal Noble Consort Hui of the Indong Jang clan, also known as Jang Ok-jung, is one of the best known royal concubines of Joseon.
After the attack on Pearl Harbor she was arrested by the FBI and interned in the United States as an enemy alien.
After he inherited the ducal throne, his brother John became Earl of Richmond.
Which was agitated by violent winds.In which path of winds was obstructed by arrows, which flew past each other’s bows.
He was a trusted military and political advisor to King Kamehameha I, known as "Kamehameha the Great".
He made the armies more efficient and improved his control over faraway states.
Upon Charles’s abdications, the Holy Roman Empire was inherited by his younger brother Ferdinand, who had already been given the Austrian lands in 1521.
Prince Manuel of Bavaria is a member of the deposed Bavarian Royal House of Wittelsbach, and a cardiology researcher at Columbia University.
Later in his life, Pratap also followed the same idealistic and principles which Jaiwanta Bai followed.Pratap become a great rana(king).
He was the eldest son of Yaroslav I the Wise of Kiev by Ingigerd, daughter of king Olof Skötkonung of Sweden.
He was the last fully functioning Elector of Cologne and was the employer and patron of the young Ludwig van Beethoven.
Maria Anna was a great-grandmother of Empress Elisabeth of Austria through his son Duke Pius August in Bavaria
Yi’s grandson was King Li of Zhou.
The office was granted instead to Lothair, Count of Derlingau and Nordthüringgau.
She married Paul on 26 September 1776.
During Béla's reign, a wide buffer zone—which included Bosnia, Barancs and other newly conquered regions—was established along the southern frontier of Hungary in the 1250s.
He was described by historian Amalia Levanoni as "the eldest and most senior amir" of the Al Fadl during his era.
In 1240, he issued an edict expelling Jews from the duchy and cancelling all debts to them.
He ultimately lost the power struggle, and abdicated the throne in 1340 to a regent.
Christiane and William Frederick's other children were Eleonore and Frederick Charles.
She depended heavily on a group of trusted advisers, led by William Cecil, 1st Baron Burghley.
Liu Jiyuan, was the last ruler of China's Northern Han kingdom in its Five Dynasties and Ten Kingdoms period.
In 1799 Christian led the drafting of a new charter for Gisselfeld Abbey.
She was the fourth child and second daughter of King John of England and Isabella of Angoulême.
He came to power in 947 after the death of his uncle, Emperor Taizong, who raised him in his father's absence.
Princess Beatrice of York is the elder daughter of Prince Andrew, Duke of York, and Sarah, Duchess of York.
Three months later, she poisoned the boy king and put her lover Kale Kyetaungnyo on the Ava throne, and again became the chief queen.
He died in September 2014 aged 91.
Born Princess Louise of Baden, she was a daughter of Charles Louis, Hereditary Prince of Baden, and his wife, Landgravine Amalie of Hesse-Darmstadt.
His political and cultural ambitions, based in Sicily and stretching through Italy to Germany, and even to Jerusalem, were enormous.
When Augustus died in 1733, Stanisław sought to regain the Polish throne with the help of French support for his candidacy.
Prince Mongkut, or later King Mongkut, born in 1804;
Tsarevna Natalya Alexeyevna of Russia was a Russian playwright.
He tried to protect Ruyi, Prince Yin of Zhao, his younger half-brother, from being murdered by Empress Dowager Lü, but failed.
Dinuzulu kaCetshwayo was the king of the Zulu nation from 20 May 1884 until his death in 1913.
He ruled with his Agiad co-monarch Pausanias.
His reign of 72 years and 110 days is the longest recorded of any monarch of a sovereign country in European history.
The Gajapatis conquered Rajamahendri in 1454 and Udayagiri and Chandragiri in 1463.
His state was centered on present-day Novi Pazar.
Baudouin was the nephew of Leopold II of Belgium.
married on 18 October 1397 with Lord Balthasar of Werle
Aurangabadi Mahal was a consort of Mughal Emperor Aurangzeb.
His first reign coincided with the continued rise of the rival Anglo-Saxon kingdom of Wessex under Egbert.
Under the Sui dynasty, Li Yuan was the governor in the area of modern-day Shanxi, and was based in Taiyuan.
Mathilda, born in 1489 but died young.
Charles VI, called the Beloved and the Mad, was King of France from 1380 to his death.
He remained an implacable enemy of the British East India Company, bringing them into renewed conflict with his attack on British-allied Travancore in 1789.
Her marriage in 1660 with King Louis XIV, her cousin, was made with the purpose of ending the long-standing war between France and Spain.
Married to the young Duke of Enghien, a distant cousin, she was always known as the Duchess of Bourbon following the birth of her son.
She was the chairperson of the Albanian Red Cross and the women's organisation Gruaja Shiqiptare in 1928-1939.
Queen Dowager Elin remarried the nobleman Filip Lauresson.
Charles later transferred his claim to Francis Stephen of Lorraine pursuant to a preliminary peace that was finalized in 1738.
Ingeborg was betrothed to Duke Henry of Mecklenburg after the death of Ingeborg's older sister Margaret in 1350, who was betrothed to the Duke.
At this juncture, Raymond-Roupen, grandson of Roupen III set up a claim to the throne of Cilician Armenia; but he was defeated, captured, and executed.
Edmund of Langley, 1st Duke of York, KG was the fourth surviving son of King Edward III of England and Philippa of Hainault.
Arab and other troops based in Baghdad, displeased at the choice, attacked the assembly, broke open the prison, and plundered the armory.
His brother was deposed, and Saif was again proclaimed Imam, although power was held by a regent who later proclaimed himself Imam.
She spent most of her childhood in France while Scotland was ruled by regents, and in 1558, she married the Dauphin of France, Francis.
The husband of Euphrosyne left obscurity in 1298 or 1299, when he, accompanied by his brother-in-law Chaka, invaded Bulgaria.
She is also known under the technically incorrect name Empress Eishō.
Gudfred was a Danish king during the Viking era who ruled from 804 or earlier until 810.
By her second marriage she was Countess consort of Alençon.
He was successively a Governor of Siena, cardinal and later the heir of the Duchies of Rovere and Montefeltro by right of his mother.
Later works, such as Panos Leventis' Twelve Times in Nicosia.
Muhammad Shah established the Sultanate of Brunei and was its first sultan.
Agnes Maria of Andechs-Merania was a Queen of France.
His lack of interest in governing led to his eventual fall from power and death.
An Lushan was of Sogdian and Göktürk origin, at least by adoption.
Smbat VII Bagratuni was an Armenian noble of the Bagratuni family.
The Pala chronicles also claim that several other rulers of North India acknowledged his suzerainty, but these claims seem to be exaggerated.
An-Nasir eventually banished Muhanna and his tribe to the depths of the Syrian Desert.
He also held the town of Kholm in his domain.
She was the first daughter of Fujiwara no Naritoki.
Princess Charoensri Chanamayu had 3 siblings; 2 elder brothers and 1 elder sister;
Petar II Delyan was the leader of an uprising against Byzantine rule in the Theme of Bulgaria during the summer of 1040.
Louis Ferdinand Victor Edward Albert Michael Hubert, Prince of Prussia was a member of the royal House of Hohenzollern and pretender to the abolished German throne.
She lived in the Grand Palace all the rest of her life, and died on 17 October 1972, at the age of 80.
He was named Kajii-no-miya and rose to become head of the Tendai sect.
Sophie Antoinette of Brunswick-Wolfenbüttel was the tenth of 17 children of Ferdinand Albert II, Duke of Brunswick-Lüneburg.
He also ruled as regent upon the death of his father until the election of Sheikh Ahmad.
This was only the second time in the history of the kingdom that a king abdicated; the 1477 abdication of Shō Sen'i was the first.
Stephen Uroš III had earlier been married to Theodora of Bulgaria, but the marriage ended in with Theodora's death on 20 December 1322.
Born in Sadiya, she was married to Nityapal or Nitai.
Cecile, tall and statuesque, became popular in Germany for her sense of style.
That's when Hambirrao took charge, With his own contingent he attacked Bahalol.
However, it seems that Tivala may have predeceased Ashoka and thus could not succeed him as Emperor.
Budhagupta was a Gupta emperor and the successor of Kumaragupta II.
Prabhakaravardhana's father, Adityavardhana, had formed an alliance with Mahasenagupta of Magadha against the Maukhari dynasty.
Abraham Constantin Mouradgea d’Ohsson, author of a famous History of the Mongols, was his son.
The title was first time used for her which was given to the first lady of the Court of Empire.
He was the son and successor of Hasan I.
He married Jane Lahilahi Young, the hapa-haole daughter of John Young and his wife Kaʻōanaʻeha, the niece of Kamehameha I. Kaʻeo and Lahilahi had two sons:
Anton Gunther Friedrich Elimar was a duke of Oldenburg.
Maria Francisca became queen of Portugal for the second time when Peter succeeded his brother as Peter II in 1683.
In peacetime he concentrated on preparing for the next war.
He was also Count of Nantes and Count of Rennes.
After a distinguished career in the Austrian Navy, he accepted an offer by Napoleon III of France to rule Mexico.
She grew up to be abbess of Santa Clara in Gandia.
Reftarıdil Kadın was the second wife of Sultan Murad V.
Furthermore the earliest Sultans may have been practising the Hindu or Buddhist religions, with early names indicating this origin.
1100–01, though he died soon afterwards while fighting in Zachlumia.
He was also styled King of Limerick, a title belonging to the O'Brien dynasty since Brian Boru's annexation of the Norse city in the 10th century.
Naungdawgyi was king of Konbaung Dynasty of Burma from 1760 to 1763.
Gaoxu fought with his elder brother Zhu Gaozhi for the throne.
Joachim Napoléon Murat, 5th Prince Murat, was a member of the Bonaparte-Murat family.
Laodice I then proclaimed Seleucus II as King.
Some sources mention her as empress regnant with Justinian I as her co-regent.
He appears to have been expelled in favour of Rædwulf, whose reign is confirmed by the evidence of coinage.
He was Bhavana Sangama’s eldest son and was founder of the Sangama dynasty, the first among the four dynasties that ruled Vijayanagara.
Luisa of Naples and Sicily, was a Neapolitan and Sicilian princess and the wife of the third Habsburg Grand Duke of Tuscany.
Henry III, Count of Schauenburg-Holstein, Prince-Bishop of Osnabrück as Henry I
The second time they set about conquering the country.
She is described as austere, and she communicated with prelates through a little hatch in the nunnery at Wimborne.
Lan Han then killed Murong Ce and a number of other Murong princes as well and declared himself Grand Chanyu and the Prince of Changli.
After Emperor Xuan's death in 580, the official Yang Jian, the father of Emperor Xuan's wife Yang Lihua, seized power as regent.
In 1900, he began an affair with the famous ballerina Mathilde Kschessinska, becoming the third grand duke to fall for her.
An accomplished warrior, Cuyen was instrumental in the consolidation of Nurhaci's authority among rival Jurchen clans.
He was determined to divorce Caroline, and set up a second investigation to collect evidence of her adultery.
At the beginning of the Western Schism, he acknowledged Urban VI as the legitimate pope.
In order to the stem the Cholas from the south, Rama Varma moved his base of operations to Quilon.
Eric "X", Swedish: Erik Knutsson; Old Norse: Eiríkr Knútsson was the King of Sweden between 1208 and 1216.
Máel Sechnaill died in 862 and his lands were split, effectively ending the conflict.
The regent was deposed, Saif was proclaimed Imam again, and after a civil war was again deposed in 1724.
Zhao Dun managed to escape, and his half-brother Zhao Chuan rebelled and killed Duke Ling.
He was the last independent Sultan of Sokoto before the Caliphate was taken over by the British.
She founded the MBB College in Agartala.
Princess Ingeborg of Denmark, was a Princess of Sweden by marriage to Prince Carl, Duke of Västergötland.
Caroline succeeded as queen and electress consort in 1727, when her husband became King George II.
However, Stanley Karnow in Vietnam: A History argued that "Nothing has reinforced the Vietminh cause more than the mercurial Bao Dai's decision to abdicate.
Of Pagan royalty, she was one of the two principal queens consort of Kyawswa, and she was known as the Queen of the Northern Palace.
This Ealdgyth was the daughter of Ælfthryth, and niece of Ælfhelm, Ealdorman of York and Wulfric Spot.
Robert Bruce Stuart, Duke of Kintyre and Lorne was the fifth child of James VI of Scots and Anne of Denmark.
Bhadayasa is generally considered as a successor of Rajuvula in the Eastern Punjab.
Philippe II, Duke of Orléans, was a member of the royal family of France and served as Regent of the Kingdom from 1715 to 1723.
By virtue of his marriage with Joan I of Navarre, he was also Philip I, King of Navarre from 1284 to 1305.
He annexed much of the Middle East in his conflict with the Safavids and large areas of North Africa as far west as Algeria.
He was the son of Louis I, Landgrave of Hesse and Anna of Saxony.
His death marked the end of the Habe line of Hausa aristocrats in Kano.
Michael came into territorial conflict with Petar of Serbia, who attempted to expand his power westwards.
He made the mistake of remarking that when he grew up, Empress Dowager Zhang would pay for this.
The written correspondence of Descartes and Elisabeth is regarded as an important philosophical document, giving insight into the theoretical debates of the 17th century.
This was only a ceremonial act since the jiedushi realm of Jingnan is an independent country de facto.
He was Doctor of Architecture of the University of Rome.
Duke Wolfgang of Brunswick-Grubenhagen was the Prince of Grubenhagen from 1567 to 1595.
As king of Asturias, he had the job of consolidating the region later called Castile and keeping its counts in check.
In 1349 John's uncle, Thomas Wake, 2nd Baron of Liddell, died childless and his estates passed to his sister, John's mother.
Her ashes were finally taken to the samadh in Lahore of her husband, Maharaja Ranjit Singh, by her granddaughter, Princess Bamba Sofia Jindan Duleep Singh.
He was sentenced to death as a military prisoner, but made a speech before his execution that persuaded the Emperor Claudius to spare him.
The uprising ended in defeat at the Battle of Culloden, effectively terminating the Jacobite cause.
He succeeded to the imperial throne and that of Bohemia when his father died.
King Li’s bad rule soon forced many peasants and soldiers into revolt, and Li was sent into exile at a place called Zhi near Linfen.
He also made several attempts to expand his suzerainty over the rulers of Bosnia, Moldavia, Wallachia, and parts of Bulgaria and Serbia.
Urraca Alfonso, also known as Urraca the Asturian, illegitimate daughter of Alfonso VII of León, was Queen Consort of Navarre by her marriage to García Ramírez.
Nawab had a keen interest in education, which was free till A level and the State’s Government provided scholarships of merit for higher education.
She was Queen consort of Castile and León by her marriage to Alfonso VI of León and Castile.
In 1986, Prince Andrew married Sarah Ferguson; the couple's marriage, subsequent separation and eventual divorce in 1996 attracted a high level of media coverage.
His contribution to the War of 27 years is considered to be of vital importance.
For a time, he was under house arrest there with a large group of family members.
Amlaíb mac Illuilb was a tenth-century King of Alba.
In 1659 the Franco-Spanish War came to an end and Modena was rewarded with the town of Correggio for supporting France.
Frederick III was born in Catania, and succeeded to his brother Louis in 1355 under the regency of his sister, Euphemia of Sicily.
In 1170, Dublin fell to an Anglo-Irish alliance.
In 1679, Titus Oates's revelations of a supposed "Popish Plot" sparked the Exclusion Crisis when it was revealed that Charles's brother and heir was a Catholic.
Élisabeth de Bourbon was a granddaughter of King Henry IV of France.
Though little is known about the historical Cadwaladr, he became a mythical redeemer figure in Welsh culture.
Following his return to Norway Magnus led campaigns into Dalsland and Västergötland in Sweden, claiming an ancient border with the country.
Nanmadaw Me Nu was the chief queen of King Bagyidaw of Konbaung dynasty of Burma from 1819 to 1837.
They married in 1258, and she lived in Castile until her death four years later.
Kanaʻina and Kekāuluohi lived in a traditional aliʻi style home in a sacred neighborhood in Honolulu called Pohukaina near Kekūanāoʻa, Kaʻahumanu and their offspring.
In 2012, she recommended to her close friend Baptiste Giabiconi, to date Katy Perry.
He was able to secure several cities, which he then gave to the Pope as part of the Donation of Pepin.
Thus the prediction of an imminent loss for the kingdom by the council of Vanaviyal Kanidar came to be agonisingly true.
He mentions the brisk trade between China and Cheras in this period.
As Caroline largely profited off the income from the colony, she became known as La reine du Congo.
Alexander II was King of Scots from 1214 until his death in 1249.
He was the son of Duke Frederick I of Swabia and Agnes, a daughter of the Salian Emperor Henry IV.
In the first year of his reign he moved his capital to Geng where he held a ceremony and wrote the article of Zuyi.
Umar Shaikh Mirza II was the ruler of the Fergana Valley.
Maria Anna married Prince Wilhelm of Prussia
There were Telugu poets, in a break from tradition, as well as Arabic and Persian poets in his court.
Flann's other sons raised revolts and his authority collapsed.
He was one of the longest serving governors in the Kingdom.
He was the son of Alfonso VII of León and Castile and his wife Berenguela of Barcelona, and was succeeded by his son Alfonso VIII.
Valdemar the Young was King of Denmark from 1218 until his death.
The five years of Emperor Zhongzong's reign were dominated by Zhongzong's empress consort, Empress Wei.
The Chhatri of Vijayarajaji, his cenotaph, is located within campus of Vijaya Vilas Palace at Mandavi.
John the Elder was the only Duke of Schleswig-Holstein-Haderslev.
He ascended to the throne on 23 July 1999 upon the death of his father, King Hassan II.
Prince Shangchen was the son of King Cheng of Chu and was the original Crown Prince.
In foreign policy, she opposed the Habsburgs and sought to secure her eldest daughter Isabella Jagiellon in the Kingdom of Hungary.
He then announced that, on 21 July, Belgian National Day, he would abdicate the throne for health reasons.
Each column was about 9 metres or 29.5 feet high.
He was one of three sons of King Bessinus and the Lombard Menia.
Upon the death of his cousin Carloman II in 884, he inherited all of West Francia, thus reuniting the entire Carolingian Empire.
The 10th-century Georgian writer Giorgi Merchule maintains that Bagrat was confirmed as curopalates, following his father, with the agreement of his brothers — Adarnase, and Guaram.
Afonso succeeded his father on 27 March 1211.
She was the daughter of Yaroslav Vladimirovich, Prince of Maloyaroslavets, and Maria, granddaughter of Fyodor Koshka.
Flavius Julius Valerius Majorianus, usually known simply as Majorian, was the Western Roman Emperor from 457 to 461.
After World War I, Saxe-Coburg-Gotha, the duchy her husband and nephew had ruled, ceased to exist in November 1918.
Zhai Zhao soon attempted to attack Later Yan's important city Yecheng, but was repelled by Murong Chui's son Murong Nong.
John's half-brother was King Sigismund III of Poland.
He married Margaret, daughter of Duke Eric II of Pomerania, in 1487.
The Princess was married by proxy to Pedro II in 1843.
The widowed Jusztina became the wife of Vlad the Impaler, whom Corvinus acknowledged as the lawful voivode of Wallachia in 1475.
He was made a knight of the French royal orders on 31 December 1688.
Catherine Vasa was a Swedish princess, and the Countess consort of East Frisia as the spouse of Edzard II, Count of East Frisia.
Lutheran professors of the University of Marburg who refused to convert to Calvinism founded in 1607 the University of Gießen which was named Ludoviciana.
The fourth son of Edward I, Edward became the heir to the throne following the death of his older brother Alphonso.
Louis of France was the eldest son and heir of Louis XIV, King of France, and his spouse, Maria Theresa of Spain.
Today there is confusion between two localities of former Zvenyhorod city, one being located in Pustomyty Raion near Lviv and another in Borshchiv or Buchach Raion.
After the fall of the German monarchy, at the end of World War I, Cecile and her husband lived mostly apart.
Empress Xiaojingxian was the Empress Consort of the Yongzheng Emperor of the Qing dynasty.
During his minority, many groupings of barons—primarily the Abas, Kőszegis, and Gutkeleds—fought against each other for supreme power.
The name is also transcribed in other records as Chumong, Jungmo, or Domo.
She was a princess of Saxe-Altenburg by birth and a princess of Anhalt by marriage.
He was among Kamehameha I's council of chiefs and was one of the Five Kona chiefs.
Maharaja Vijay Singh, was the Raja of Marwar Kingdom.
He conquered Sichuan in 1644, and named himself king of the Xi dynasty.
She was a great-granddaughter of the Emperor Augustus, grand-niece of the Emperor Tiberius, niece of the Emperor Claudius, and aunt of the Emperor Nero.
Judith of Habsburg was the youngest daughter of Rudolph I of Germany and his wife Gertrude of Hohenburg.
A few weeks later he was released and given back a small part of his holdings.
In 1813 he proclaimed himself 'Sovereign Prince' of the "United Netherlands."
As the wife of the future Ferdinand VII of Spain, then heir apparent to the Spanish throne, she held the title of Princess of Asturias.
William Pitt Leleiohoku I was a Hawaiian noble during the Kingdom of Hawaii who married two notable princesses and served as Royal Governor of Hawaii island.
He is known from coins, and from mentions in Zosimus and Zonaras, who say that he was an officer in one of the Danube legions.
She is a daughter of King Chulalongkorn.
Born in Liverpool, England, Lavinia was the daughter of Olivia Serres and John Thomas Serres.
Nazikeda Kadın was a consort of Sultan Mehmed VI of the Ottoman Empire.
He was the son of Ulf Jarl and Estrid Svendsdatter.
Æthelhelm or Æþelhelm was the elder of two known sons of Æthelred I, King of Wessex from 865 to 871.
She was thus a princess of Sweden, a princess of Holstein-Gottorp and a sister to Gustav III of Sweden.
All of these activities and more were encouraged by Terry Kavanagh, who was landlord between 1992 and 2009.
Princess Prabai Bannapilas Princess Prabha Bannabilaya's twin sister.
Emperor Charles V claimed this duchy for himself as the dukes had sold their right of heritage, and William tried to hold on to it.
Flavia Domitilla Major Flavia Domitilla the Elder or Domitilla the Elder was the wife of the Roman Emperor Vespasian.
Joanna Sophia's father agreed to the payment of 10,000 Pfennige and he gave Albert III the fortress of Natternberg and the town of Deggendorf.
Saint Queen Dinar was a 10th-century Georgian royal princess of the Bagrationi dynasty of Tao-Klarjeti and Queen regnant of Hereti.
The date of her birth is nowhere recorded, but it is presumed that she was born soon after her parents' marriage, perhaps around 888.
Her actions made her an infamous figure in ancient Roman culture.
When a married woman, she had ten children.
She had at least two children Saw San and Saw Soe with Yazathingyan.
Świętosława was a Polish princess, daughter of Mieszko I of Poland and Dobrawa of Bohemia, and sister of Boleslaw I of Poland.
Nur Jahan, meaning 'Light of the World', was married at age 17 to a Persian soldier Sher Afgan, governor of Bihar, an important Mughal province.
Being the last male member of the House of Árpád, Andrew was elected king after the death of King Ladislaus IV in 1290.
However, the relationship between Xiao Yi and Princess Xu was stormy, and Xiao Yi rarely joined her in bedchambers—only once every two or three years.
His son, King You of Zhou was the last king of the Western Zhou.
Prior to her marriage, Sofia was a glamour model and reality television contestant.
Benigna Gottliebe von Trotta genannt Treyden, was a Duchess consort of Courland.
In English literature he has also been called Ingold.
Sultan Sir Abu Bakar ibni Al-Marhum Tun Temenggung Raja Daing Ibrahim, also known as Albert Baker [1], the Temenggong of Johor.
Shin Saw) was the chief wife of Prince Naratheinga Uzana of Pagan.
The Qi people made a sarcastic ballad to commemorate him.
King Gongmin ruled Goryeo Dynasty Korea from 1351 - 1374.
Fujiwara no Kanshi, also known as Ono no Kōtaikō was an empress consort of Japan.
It is possible that Maqui Coline is linked to Ceol, suggesting a rival family to that of Ceawlin.
He was born Xiong Zi and King Wen was his posthumous title.
She was described by William of Jumièges as a considerable beauty.
Obateru is ranked by Forbes magazine as the second richest King in Africa and the richest in Nigeria.
John III the Good was duke of Brittany, from 1312 to his death and 5th Earl of Richmond from 1334 to his death.
Prince Hong then succeeded his brother to the throne as Emperor Houshao—and as Grand Empress Dowager Lü's puppet.
She was the daughter of John Sigismund, Elector of Brandenburg, and Anna, Duchess of Prussia, daughter of Albert Frederick, Duke of Prussia.
Catherine of Lancaster was Queen of Castile by marriage to King Henry III of Castile.
He reigned as Maad a Sinig from c. 1350 to 1370.
He also allowed his soldiers to pillage the Guanzhong region at will.
She did not enjoy court life of the duties of representation as she was shy and of a withdrawn nature.
They were rumored to have been poisoned by Eric's mother, Queen Blanche.
Only six weeks after his coronation, the Byzantine Emperor Manuel I Komnenos launched an expedition against Hungary, forcing the Hungarian lords to accept Ladislaus' rule.
Count Francis Rhédey de Kisréde was a Hungarian noble, who served as Prince of Transylvania between 1657 and 1658.
Jeanne d'Évreux was Queen of France and Navarre as the third wife of King Charles IV of France.
She was also an aunt of Juan Carlos I of Spain, son of her sister Princess Maria Mercedes of Bourbon-Two Sicilies.
However, the uprising was crushed and Fruzhin returned to Hungary.
The work states that he was the progenitor of the first Serbian dynasty, and that he died before the settlement of the Bulgars.
Neither offer impartial accounts and they differ in substantive details.
Philip IV of Spain was King of Spain and Portugal as Philip III.
John George of Brandenburg was a Prince-elector of the Margraviate of Brandenburg and a Duke of Prussia.
He attained the Swedish throne after a rebellion against his brother Eric XIV.
He was the second son of Peter II of Sicily and Elisabeth of Carinthia.
His reformist views made him an oddball within his own family, and contemporary recognition of his accomplishments came more from abroad than at home.
Initially reluctant to accept this accord, Maria Luisa did not take the government of Lucca until December 1817.
She was the mother of King Nawrahta Minsaw of Lan Na, Queen Yaza Datu Kalaya of Toungoo and Thiri Thudhamma Yaza, Viceroy of Martaban.
Four years later, the Byzantine Emperor, Manuel I Komnenos, came to Antioch at the head of a large army, forcing Raynald to beg for his mercy.
Her resentment made Choonda leave Chittor and retire to Mandu, capital of Malwa.
She later became the Duchess of La Vallière in her own right.
Oleg and his brother Yaropolk went to war after their father's death.
Qin Zhong succeeded his father Gongbo, who died in 845 BC.
Eadwig's short reign was tarnished by disputes with nobles and men of the church, including Dunstan and Archbishop Oda.
Soon afterwards the English-controlled western half of Mercia came under the rule of Æthelred, Lord of the Mercians, who accepted Alfred's overlordship.
He ruled for 11 years before his death.
Nasser bin Abdulaziz Al Saud was one of the former Riyadh governors and a member of House of Saud.
Throughout his reign, Virupaksha was faced with rebellious nobles and officers as well as multiple enemies who began to invade the weakened kingdom.
He had three sons Alexander, Asen and Fruzhin but it is unknown from by wife they were born.
Maria Enriquez de Luna was the wife of Juan Borgia, second Duke of Gandia.
Domhnall attempted to gain control of the earldom, and sometime after 1405 but before 1411, Domhnall gained control of Dingwall Castle.
Queen Saovabha Phongsri was appointed the first president, and Plien Phasakoravongs acted as the society secretary.
He soon realized he could expect no substantial aid from the Christian powers and gave up his anti-Ottoman policy.
She gave birth to four sons and five daughters, who, along with their own descendants, were the key bloodline which further expanded the Mongol Empire.
He was known for his size: at 2.11 m and about 200 kg.
She embarked on building projects for the church, and took a role in government when her husband was away; many surviving charters are signed by her.
Dorothea Susanne of Simmern was a princess of the Electorate of the Palatinate and by marriage Duchess of Saxe-Weimar.
His reign saw an extension of the Christian domain of Asturias, reconquering Galicia and León.
As a child he joined his father on trips to many places, including Europe.
Henry II, called the Fratricidal or the one of las Mercedes, was the first King of Castile and León from the House of Trastámara.
She was given full name from her father as Kannabhorn Bejaratana Sohbhandasaniyalak Akaravorarajakumari
During his time, the empire lost some of its territories because of invasions.
The couple led separate lives and their marriage was eventually annulled by the Emperor in October 1916.
When Adolf was nineteen years old, he traveled around several different countries, in particular France.
The rulers of the Hồ dynasty of Vietnam claimed to be his descendants.
He was named after the first Habsburg King of Germany, Rudolf I, who assumed the throne in 1273.
At this time, the Antes were subject to the Byzantine Empire, ruled by Justinian I, with the supreme chieftain holding the Byzantine title of archon.
During his reign, Lakha took the remaining Mewar territories from Delhi.
Clothar assumed full power over Neustria upon her death in 597; though rich this was one of the smallest portions of Francia.
Born at Prague, Joseph Wenzel was the eldest son of Prince Philip Erasmus of Liechtenstein and Countess Christina Theresa von Löwenstein-Wertheim-Rochefort.
He was the son of Jon Ivarsson Raud of the Sudreim clan in Romerike.
He was born in the chief village of the tribe Haji Khan Kalhoro, Khanpur Shikarpur, Pakistan.
He was exiled along with his family as the result of the 1889 coup d'état that resulted in the formation of the republic.
He was the brother of the ruling Margrave Charles III William, who reigned from 1709 till 1738.
If so, Sithu II may have continued to keep the offices of the chief queen and the Queen of the Southern Palace separate.
He had 11 children from his first marriage, including :
As Dr. Altekar conjectured this king of Thane was probably the Shilahara king Vajjada II.(Dept.
In 226-228, Ardashir I after annexing Parthia wanted to expand his Empire which including conquering Armenia.
Kepoʻokalani was a High Chief during the founding of the Kingdom of Hawaii.
He was named for his birthplace, at Antwerp in the Duchy of Brabant.
Both of their sons—Holmger and Philip—died in the Folkung uprisings fighting against Birger Jarl.
Greek rulers such as Seleucus I Nicator avoided war with him, entered into marriage alliances instead, and retreated into Persia.
Ellen Franz was a German pianist and actress.
Princess Louise of Prussia was the second child and only daughter of German Emperor Wilhelm I and Augusta of Saxe-Weimar-Eisenach.
Kalanikauikaʻalaneo Kai Keōpūolani-Ahu-i-Kekai-Makuahine-a-Kama-Kalani-Kau-i-Kealaneo was a queen consort of Hawaiʻi and the highest ranking wife of King Kamehameha I.
In 1933 he joined the Nazi Party and in 1935 he became a member of the Anglo-German Fellowship.
Sardur II was so confident in his power that he erected a massive wall at Tushpa with the following inscription:
Raja Ganesha was a Hindu ruler of Bengal, who took advantage of the weakness of the first Ilyas Shahi dynasty and seized power in Bengal.
Initially of low standing, Gustav rose to lead the rebel movement following the Stockholm Bloodbath, in which his father perished.
The events of Bloody Sunday in 1905, while he was Military Governor of St Petersburg, tarnished his reputation.
He defeated the Sultan of Delhi in 1359.
There exists a letter by Proculus that was cited by Gibbon and that is perhaps fictitious but nevertheless interesting.
In later years, she appeared to have travelled with her father.
She was a member of the House of Barcelona.
With his wife Tuanku Bainun Binti Mohd Ali, Sultan Azlan had five children.
His sons played an important part in the subsequent history of the Maratha confederacy.
He was enthroned in the year of Wuzi with Bi as his capital.
Apparently born before 1007, he was the illegitimate son of Sancho III of Pamplona by his mistress Sancha of Aybar.
In his reign, the Plantation of Ulster and British colonization of the Americas began.
Ernst Frederick II, Duke of Saxe-Hildburghausen, was a duke of Saxe-Hildburghausen.
Following family tradition, Grand Duke Sergei pursued a military career.
The dynasty ruled parts of ancient India around the city of Pataliputra.
When told that they would be transferred to Denmark, they asked that they be housed in a remote place with few people there.
She is a graduate of Cambridge University and a former lecturer in English literature at Cairo University.
Ladislaus the Cuman László, Croatian: Ladislav IV.
Prior to succeeding to the throne he served as Governor of Hanover from 1776 to 1786.
Eric was the eldest son of King Christopher II and Euphemia of Pomerania.
Fadrique married Yolande Louise de Mur and died at Urena in 1438 without issue.
James and Anne had eight children, but six died in early childhood.
Her marriage was an expression of the alliance of her father and the ruler of Sicily against the growing power of the Empire of Nicaea.
Louis Antoine of France, Duke of Angoulême was the eldest son of Charles X of France and the last Dauphin of France from 1824 to 1830.
Rama Varma ascended the throne of the Later Chera Kingdom during a period of severe political crisis and instability.
During his rule, the Tran, Pagan, and Champa dynasties and western khanates of the Mongol Empire accepted his supremacy.
Mamdouh bin Abdulaziz is the former governor of the Tabuk Province and a member of Saudi royal family, House of Saud.
Beyond the frontiers, he secured the Empire with a buffer region of client states and made peace with the Parthian Empire through diplomacy.
He was succeeded by his son Jagat Prakasha Malla in 1644.
Little is known on Tigranes’ life prior to becoming King of Armenia.
George adopted the new title of Head of the Commonwealth.
Though illiterate, Hyder Ali earned an important place in the history of southern India for his administrative acumen and military skills.
Bezmiara Kadın Ottoman Turkish: بزمِ آرا قادین‎) was a consort of Sultan Abdülmecid I of the Ottoman Empire.
Although Rodrigo continued to serve the Castilian sovereign, he lost his ranking in the new court which treated him at arm's length and suspiciously.
He particularly enjoys Led Zeppelin and Bob Marley, owns a vintage Gibson electric guitar, and rides a Harley Davidson.
Princess Helen eventually divorced him in 1928.
His and Joan's only child, a daughter named Maria, died childless, and their counties eventually passed to Joan's younger sister, Margaret II.
Budhagupta had close ties with the rulers of Kannauj and together they sought to run the Hunas out of the fertile plains of Northern India.
Frederick I, also known as Frederick Barbarossa, was the Holy Roman Emperor from 1155 until his death.
Senguttuvan was a ruler of the Chera Kingdom in the Sangam Period.
He reigned from c. 1825 to 1853.
She was not only the last queen of Württemberg, but the last surviving queen of any German state.
Benjamin Pieter Floris van Vollenhoven, born in Amsterdam, on 12 March 2008
There Boris gave them rich gifts and was given 2 slaves, 2 falcons, two dogs, and 80 furs by Mutimir.
His father returned to Kiev in 1077 and Yaropolk followed.
Infante Henry of Aragon, 1st Duke of Villena, 4th Count of Alburquerque, Count of Ampurias, was the Grand Master of the Order of Santiago.
He was the successor and a son of the founding emperor Helian Bobo.
However, Cyprus was in no position to fulfill his true ambition, the recovery of the Holy Land.
He was also the Governor of Asir Province from 1971 to 2007.
In 1913 she married Prince Olgierd Czartoryski.
Catherine's stepson was executed, while Sigismund and Catherine, her son and daughter by Thomas, were captured and taken to Constantinople, where they converted to Islam.
His reign was from 1280 to 1321.
He united much of Europe during the early Middle Ages.
He was also an avid traveller, and became the first Malay ruler to travel to Europe during his first visit to England in 1866.
Faisal bin Khalid is the governor of Asir Province and a member of House of Saud.
According to the Hindu epic Mahabharata, Jarasandha was the king of Magadha.
Gauharara, however, survived the childbirth and lived for another 75 years.
Tiran was a lukewarm Christian and was the first Arsacid ruling monarch to aggressively pursue a policy on Arianism.
Chao Sam Phraya died in 1448 and is succeeded by his son Prince Ramesuan as Trilokanat.
In these territories the people accepted Erik as their king.
He is also known in Telugu literature as, Malki Bharama.
Theodore Svetoslav now became emperor of Bulgaria and sent Chaka's severed head as a present to Toqta, who withdrew his armies from the country.
However, when Xiong Shuang died in 822 BC, the remaining three brothers fought one another for the throne.
In 1645, he was given the honorary title "Emperor's Uncle and Prince-Regent"; the title was changed to "Emperor's Father and Prince-Regent" in 1649.
She was raised with the family of Bernice Pauahi Bishop, founder of the Kamehameha Schools.
His initial coma later progressed to a minimally conscious state and it was unclear whether he would ever regain full consciousness.
He was also Apostolic King of Hungary and Bohemia as Francis I.
1295/96 or 1310s) was a chief queen consort of King Narathihapate of the Pagan Dynasty of Burma.
Louis de Bourbon was the second Duke of Montpensier.
She is known professionally as Elisabeth von Thurn und Taxis, however is frequently referred to by her nickname, TNT.
His mother was Queen Margaret I of Denmark which made him the grandson of King Valdemar IV of Denmark.
The rulers in the south largely were nominally submissive to him with the exception of major states Wu and Former Shu.
Based on the different interpretations of the various epigraphs and historical records, the different historians estimate Narayanapala's reign as follows:
Following the birth of a male heir in 1775, Maria Carolina was admitted to the Privy Council.
They had two known children, Liu Ying and Princess Yuan of Lu.
She was referred to sometimes as "la petite Struensee"; this did not, however, have any effect on her position.
Murad II was the Ottoman Sultan from 1421 to 1444 and 1446 to 1451.
After his death in 1388, his son, Thong Lan reigned for only a week.
Princess Ashi Chimi Yangzom Wangchuck is a princess of Bhutan.
William was the only German monarch who was forced to recognise the Frankfurt Constitution of 1848.
Relations quickly soured, however, over the issue of Afars in Eritrea, whom the Sultan wanted to remain part of an autonomous Afar region within Ethiopia.
In October 927 Peter arrived near Constantinople to meet Romanos and signed the peace treaty, marrying Maria on November 8.
Wallis Budge, one of the governors deposed Iyasu, who shortly afterwards died from smallpox.
He was the first Hungarian monarch to adopt the title of "King of Halych and Lodomeria".
Following the Nepalese royal massacre in 2001, he again became king.
He ruled jointly with his father for the last ten years of his father's reign, from c. 1483 to 1493.
She was the 13th Raja Permaisuri Agong of Malaysia from 2006 to 2011.
In February 1917, shortly before the fall of the Russian monarchy, Grand Duke Andrei left Saint Petersburg to join his mother in Kislovodsk.
He removed Marie from the political scene and strived to crush her popularity.
He named his son in honour of Saint Pantaleon.
She had an elder brother and a younger brother;
Don Pedro Carlos was an Infante of Spain and Portugal.
However, knowledge about her is derived from a genealogy added to a 15th-century copy of the Erikskrönikan.
Initially a landless cadet, Ernest Augustus succeeded in having the House of Hanover raised to electoral dignity in 1692.
He was the sixth but third and youngest surviving son of Frederick Christian, Elector of Saxony and Princess Maria Antonia Walpurgis of Bavaria.
Li Longji, although not the oldest son, was made crown prince on account of his accomplishments.
By her marriage, she was a Duchess of Mecklenburg-Schwerin.
The next five years he worked towards development and growth of the members of the community in particular and the sect as a whole.
Prince Ludwig Ferdinand of Bavaria, was a member of the Bavarian Royal House of Wittelsbach and a General of Cavalry.
Tuluva Narasa Nayaka a Tuluva Chieftain was Vijayanagar commander as his father Tuluva Ishvara Nayaka.
Shortly after his death, Gunnhild and her husband were overthrown and exiled.
George IV Lasha of the Bagrationi Dynasty, was a king of Georgia from 1213 to 1223.
He served as the fifth Yang di-Pertuan Agong of Malaysia from 1970 to 1975, and as the 14th Yang di-Pertuan Agong from 2011 to 2016.
Successful in the wars with the Byzantines, he was routed by the Georgians in the Battle of Basian of 1203.
From 17 July 1869 until his death, he was the head of the morganatic Urach branch of the House of Württemberg.
Princess Xu Zhaopei was an imperial princess of the Chinese Liang Dynasty.
In a series of reprisals, Henry ravaged the west of Lorraine and Rudolph attacked the Barrois.
In 1867, when Cambodia was in open rebellion against French rule, King Norodom pleaded Sisowath to return to Cambodia to quell the uprising.
Sources on Northumbrian history in this period are limited.
She and Charles are credited with introducing the custom of drinking tea to the British court, which was common among the Portuguese nobility.
Anak the Parthian was an Arsacid Prince and is said to be related to the Arsacid Kings of Armenia.
His father, Iago ab Idwal ap Meurig, had been king before him and his son, Gruffudd, was king after him.
However, after the death of Duke Xian, Jin plunged into a state of internal conflict as Duke Xian's sons fought over the succession.
He was the younger brother of King Nawrahta Minsaw of Lan Na and Princess Yaza Datu Kalaya.
Nur Jahan was born Mehr-un-Nissa, the daughter of a Grand Vizier who served under Akbar.
Dorothea was placed in care of the queen, Elizabeth of Bosnia, and queen mother, Elizabeth of Poland.
He ruled from 1598 to 1659, and was succeeded by Abdul Jalilul Jabbar.
His personal name was Lü Ao, ancestral name Jiang, and Duke Ping was his posthumous title.
Married three times, the last of the Jagiellons remained childless, and through the Union of Lublin introduced a free elective monarchy.
Aziz-ud-din Alamgir II, was the Mughal Emperor of India from 3 June 1754 to 29 November 1759.
Her name Tōchi is derived from the Tōchi district, a neighbourhood located a few miles north of Asuka.
Matilda is buried in Westminster Abbey and was fondly remembered by her subjects as "Matilda the Good Queen" and "Matilda of Blessed Memory".
Soon after she retired to the women's monastery in Novgorod, yet continued to play an influential role in the affairs of the principality.
Archduchess Assunta and her husband had two daughters, but they divorced in 1950.
She avoided capture by fleeing to the coast.
Malo skips this generation, showing Kalapana as the son of Kanipahu.
Jagat Singh II , was the Maharana of Mewar Kingdom.
Manfred, Duke of Athens and Neopatria, Duke of Athens and Neopatria
She was the Sovereign Countess of Asti from 1531 to 1538.
Magdalene Sibylle of Saxe-Weissenfels, was a German noblewoman member of the House of Wettin and by marriage Duchess of Saxe-Eisenach.
Despite a cold beginning, the couple's relationship improved as time passed, due primarily to Teresa Cristina's patience, kindness, generosity and simplicity.
When in 1715 Charles William founded his new residence Karlsruhe, he alone moved into the new palace, while his wife remained in the Karlsburg Castle.
King Zheng later unified China and became known as Shi Huangdi, the "First Emperor".
Benbadhanabongse, the Prince of Phichai was a Prince of Siam, a member of the Siamese Royal Family.
Buguta II became the ruler of the Western Ganga Dynasty after his elder brother Rachamalla III.
Traditional chronology after Prince Vakhushti assigns to Mirian's reign—taken to have lasted for 77 years—the dates 268–345, which Professor Cyril Toumanoff corrects to 284–361.
Maha Dewi was a principal queen consort of King Mingyi Nyo of Toungoo Dynasty.
In 1966, Beatrix married Claus von Amsberg, a German diplomat, with whom she had three children.
The legendary Welsh character Caradog ap Bran and the legendary British king Arvirargus may be based upon Caratacus.
Thomas is perhaps best known as the first ruler of Bosnia who engaged in religious persecution.
She failed, however, to grasp the theological issues that drove their movement.
Maud of Wales, GCVO, GCStJ, VA, CI was Queen of Norway as spouse of King Haakon VII.
Baji Prabhu Deshpande was a general and commander for Shivaji, the founder of the Maratha empire.
The new king, Virūḍhaka, then attacked and virtually annihilated the little autonomous tribe of Shakyas and Koliyas, in the Himalayan foothills of Nepal.
Isa ibn Ali Al Khalifa, KCIE, CSI was the ruler of Bahrain from 1869 until his death.
She was the mother-in-law of Emperor Go-Horikawa.
His father appointed him prince of Novgorod in 1067 or 1068.
By the age of 16, Richard had taken command of his own army, putting down rebellions in Poitou against his father.
Infanta Ana de Jesus Maria of Portugal was a Portuguese infanta and youngest daughter of King John VI and his wife, Carlota Joaquina of Spain.
He was the son of King Louis IX of France and Margaret of Provence.
Akbar was succeeded as emperor by his son, Jahangir.
Zeb-un-Nissa was a Mughal princess and the eldest child of Emperor Aurangzeb and his chief consort Dilras Banu Begum.
She was a member of the House of Capet.
Her betrothal to the Duke of Burgundy in June 1696 was part of the Treaty of Turin, signed on 29 August 1696.
As such, Charles-Philippe takes the traditional royal rank of petit-fils de France with the style of Royal Highness.
He married in 1800 Princess Elene Abamelik, and died childless in 1819.
Li Chongjun, formally Crown Prince Jiemin, was a crown prince of the Chinese dynasty Tang Dynasty, during the second reign of his father Emperor Zhongzong.
Katranide was the first Queen of the Bagratid Kingdom and member of the Bagratuni Dynasty.
They also drove back a Siamese invasion, and agreed to jointly administer Lower Burma outside of Siamese-controlled Martaban.
The basis for this recovery were various reforms initiated by Alexios.
She had much political influence in her adopted country and with her husband did much to improve the welfare of the Electorate of Bavaria.
Two months into his reign, he relocated to al-Karak with substantial sums from the treasury and several horses and senior administrative officials.
Irene Kantakouzene, known simply as Despotess Jerina, was the wife of Serbian Despot Đurađ Branković.
Berengaria, married Richard I, King of England
Ernest Augustus was duke of Brunswick-Lüneburg and ruled over the Principality of Calenberg subdivision of the duchy.
Raynald was a firm supporter of Baldwin IV's sister, Sybilla, and her husband, Guy of Lusignan, during conflicts regarding the succession of the king.
He is known primarily from inscriptions in South Arabia that mention him and his son BYGT.
Her maternal grandparents were an unnamed Roman woman and politician Gaius Antonius Hybrida, while paternal grandparents were Julia Antonia and praetor Marcus Antonius Creticus).
She is a daughter of Chulalongkorn, King Rama V of Siam and Chao Chom Manda Wong.
As the Kingdom of Bosnia continued to expand, Tvrtko's attention shifted to the Adriatic coast.
She was born either a deaf-mute or just deaf and mentally challenged and was very sickly.
His military reforms expanded the use of local militias and his government reforms expanded the civil service examination system and attempted to suppress nepotism in government.
Dona Maria Manuela was the eldest daughter and second child of King John III of Portugal and his wife Catherine of Austria.
He died at the age of three weeks.
Kamakaʻīmoku was a chiefess in ancient Hawaii in the early 18th century.
In 1739, during the invasion of the Mughal Empire by Nader Shah, Mian fled to Umerkot for shelter but was captured by the King of Iran.
Turki bin Muqrin al Saud is a pilot, businessman, the CEO of Rabigh Wings Aviation Academy, and a member of the House of Saud.
Gerolama Orsini sometimes Girolama Orsini was a member of the House of Orsini and the wife of Pier Luigi Farnese, Duke of Parma.
Abdülaziz was the 32nd Sultan of the Ottoman Empire and reigned between 25 June 1861 and 30 May 1876.
He was the most powerful Croatian noble at the end of the 13th century and beginning of the 14th century.
From 1642, Charles fought the armies of the English and Scottish parliaments in the English Civil War.
He was born to a Hungarian noble family.
Phalaung left a prosperous and confident kingdom to his son Raza II, who succeeded him in 1593.
But Yazawin Thit says she was a younger sister of Queen Min Aung Myat.
The dramatic contrast between Ranavalona's isolationism and her son's pro-European stance represented an abrupt reversal of policy that threatened the traditional sociopolitical order.
Sangram Shah was a king of the Garha-Katanga of Gondwana, now in the Narsinghpur district within the state of Madhya Pradesh, India.
Princess Basmah spent the first twenty years of her life studying and travelling the world, contributing towards her success as a talented, strategic and analytical leader.
Olga was a great-great-granddaughter of George III of the United Kingdom and Charlotte of Mecklenburg-Strelitz.
Around five years later, accepting the Anti-Trinitarian views of his physician, Giorgio Biandrata and court preacher Ferenc Dávid, he became the only Unitarian monarch in history.
He is tenth in line to succeed his grandmother.
He reestablished peace with Sagaing's rival Pinya.
In a rash attack he and his leading knights were surrounded and Thomas was killed.
Kunigunde of Sternberg was the first wife of George of Poděbrady, who later became King of Bohemia.
She received the royal title Krom at the 4th level Krom Khun Suphan Bhakavadi.
Horik prevented a thinly veiled attempt to add southern Denmark to the Carolingian Empire.
Henry II, died 1303, 1295 Lord of Ligny
He led Sagaing during the most tumultuous period of the kingdom.
She was succeeded upon her death by her daughter, Queen Rafohy.
In addition there has been an effort to Islamise the history, with the "official history" not matching up with verifiable foreign sources.
Wara Dhammaraza was a king of the Mrauk-U Dynasty of Arakan.
Louis II was King of Hungary, Croatia and Bohemia from 1516 to 1526.
They have two children and three grandchildren.
The Buwayhid dynasty began threatening the Capital.
In their account, Sejanus had seduced his wife Livilla, and with the help of a doctor she had poisoned Drusus.
Before his departure, he pledged that he would never make war against the Byzantine Empire.
Harald III was King of Denmark from 1076 to 1080.
Their grandson is the filmmaker Prince Chatrichalerm Yugala.
In 1140, Constance married Eustace IV, Count of Boulogne.
The second son of Prince Emanuele Filiberto, Duke of Aosta he was granted the title Duke of Spoleto on 22 September 1904.
Elizabeth Nihell was an Englishwoman from London, who was a famous midwife, obstetrics writer, and polemicist.
Since 2016 H.M. Solomon Gafabusa Iguru I is protector of the Heraldry Society of Africa.
Emperor Fei of Jin, personal name Sima Yi, courtesy name Yanling, was an emperor of the Eastern Jin Dynasty in China.
Lestko's son, Siemomysł, was the next ruler of the early pagan Polish state.
She was the elder twin daughter of Amir Nasser Pasha and his wife Dilber Khanum, the younger being Huzaima.
Confronted with increasing Siamese and Vietnamese encroachment he attempted to establish an alliance with colonial France on a sovereign basis.
Robert, Count of Tonnerre, married Joanna, heiress of Tonnerre.
She has been the chairwoman of the Moroccan Red Crescent since 1967.
Though a Habsburg and a Catholic, he approached the Lutheran Imperial estates with a view to overcome the denominational schism, which ultimately failed.
Ivaylo, also spelled Ivailo,, nicknamed Bardokva or Lakhanas in Greek, was a rebel leader and emperor of Bulgaria.
She was the mother of kings Minye Kyawswa I and Narapati I of Ava.
Once peace was restored, Aspasia returned to live in Venice.
Prince Rostislav Rostislavovich Romanov was a descendant of the Imperial Family of Russia and a merchant banker.
He ascended the throne on June 13, 2004, following the demise of Agboola Ojomo Agunloye in May 2003.
He is the son and heir to the current Sultan of Selangor, Sultan Sharafuddin Idris Shah.
Although he was sometimes known as George Kaumualiʻi, he should not be confused with his son who is more commonly known by that name.
He was the second son of King Wen of Zhou and Queen Tai Si.
Their two sons, collectively referred to as sons of Havtore, would become central persons in Norwegian politics.
One factual tale is the story of the clock that was among various presents that Harun sent to Charlemagne.
The throne, however, passed to Philip II of Spain, whose troops had promptly occupied the country after Henry I's death.
Hāla was a Satavahana king who ruled in present-day Deccan region.
GDRT has been equated with the anonymous king of the Monumentum Adulitanum, which would date his reign c. 200 – c. 230.
She was a daughter of William the Conqueror and Matilda of Flanders.
Princess Elisabeth of Greece and Denmark was the middle daughter of Prince Nicholas of Greece and Grand Duchess Elena Vladimirovna of Russia.
The British army officers had great affection for Jats.
She is the daughter of Dejazmach Habte Mariam Gebre-Igziabiher, heir to the former Welega Kingdom of Leqa Naqamte, and later served as governor of Welega province.
His born name is Đinh Toàn or Đinh Tuệ.
Ale Pyinthe was a queen consort of kings Saw Rahan II and Kunhsaw Kyaunghpyu of the Pagan Dynasty of Myanmar.
In 1664, the infant James became the first Duke of Cambridge and Baron of Dauntsey, but both titles became temporarily extinct after Cambridge died young.
Fawwaz bin Abdulaziz was a senior member of the House of Saud.
Sultan Salahuddin Abdul Aziz Shah Al-Haj ibni Almarhum Sultan Hisamuddin Alam Shah Al-Haj was the eleventh Yang di-Pertuan Agong of Malaysia and eighth Sultan of Selangor.
This is a Manchu name; the clan name is Aisin Gioro.
In his youth, Prince Moulay Hicham garnered the nickname "Red Prince" because of his progressive political positions.
August Philipp, Duke of Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg-Beck was a Danish-German prince and member of the House of Oldenburg.
Abdelhafid abdicated after signing the Treaty of Fez on 30 March 1912, which made Morocco a French protectorate.
She was first buried at the Miracle Church in Santarém but then moved to the Royal Pantheon of the Braganza Dynasty, in Lisbon.
Prince Egon von Fürstenberg was a socialite, banker, fashion and interior designer, and member of the German, aristocratic family Fürstenberg.
In 1194–1195, when he was planning to receive the title of king, he instituted a union of the Armenian church with Rome.
In the latter months of 1878, diphtheria infected the Hessian court.
At first, he told the officials to be straightforward and tell him the problems in the countries, but this was all an act.
The Yongzheng Emperor cracked down on corruption and reformed the financial administration.
In the Moghul records it is stated that Amir Khudaidad himself raised six Khans to the Khanate, and Muhammad Khan was one of them.
Sadasiva Raya was a ruler of the Vijayanagara Empire, a powerful South Indian empire based in the Deccan in 16th century India.
Inge II was King of Norway from 1204 to 1217.
This marriage too ended in divorce in 1803.
Prince Frederick of the Netherlands, Prince of Orange-Nassau, was the second son of William I of the Netherlands and his wife, Wilhelmine of Prussia.
Sigismund made Bocskai captain of Várad in 1592.
The Jagannath Temple at Puri was rebuilt in the 11th century atop its ruins by Anantavarman Chodaganga.
Guðrøðr was a son of Óláfr Guðrøðarson, King of the Isles and Affraic, daughter of Fergus, Lord of Galloway.
At one point, there were as many as 30 women paying their respects to Emperor Duzong in one morning.
Succeeding to the throne in 1905 he had been governing the state since 1904 as regent.
He was born in the Aisin Gioro clan as the 12th son of Nurhaci, the khan of the Later Jin dynasty.
His paternal grandfather was the late Henri, Count of Paris who was the Orleanist claimant to the French throne with the title Henri VI.
Princess Ana married Prince Alexander Petrovych Tolstoy but had no children.
He ascended the throne in 1408 and changed his name to Ahmad.
However, Emperor Ningzong was known for his aversion towards the spread of Neo-Confucianism in his imperial court.
As a consequence of his marriage to Isabella I, he was King of Castile as Ferdinand V from 1474 until her death in 1504.
George, Duke of Mecklenburg was the head of the House of Mecklenburg-Strelitz from 1934 until his death.
John de la Pole died in 1492 and was buried at Wingfield Church, Suffolk.
Mir Shah Nawaz Khan Baloch was the Khan of the princely state of Kalat in what is now the Balochistan province of Pakistan.
He was the son of Prince Romanovsky-Iskander, né Alexander Nikolaevich Romanov, and his first wife, Olga Iosifovna Rogowska.
Neku Siyar, or Nikusiyar Mohammed, was a claimaint to the throne of India.
He was called "Owain the Great"  and the first to be styled "Prince of Wales".
With the end of the American Civil War in 1865, the United States began more explicit aid of President Juárez's forces.
Following her father-in-law's death, her husband succeeded as Prince of Condé, a purely honorary title, but one of the highest ranking in France.
His name at birth is uncertain, but was probably Nero Claudius Drusus after his father.
He founded the Yamhad dynasty which controlled northern Syria throughout the 17th and 18th centuries BC.
Prince Mahidol was the 69th child of King Chulalongkorn and the 7th of Queen Savang Vadhana.
Europaische Stammtafaln does not cite an origin for Veronica.
Ndvungunye was married to Lojiba Simelane and Somnjalose Simelane.
Sophia and her family then were forced to a new exile, and settled in Italy, where Constantine died one year later.
She was a sibling of Charles VI of France and Louis of Valois, Duke of Orléans.
Malamir died in 836, allegedly as retribution for his execution of his older brother.
After the death of the Empress Poppaea Sabina, Nero's second wife, Nero asked Antonia to marry him.
Muhammad Murad Bakhsh was a Mughal prince as the youngest son of Mughal Emperor Shah Jahan and Empress Mumtaz Mahal.
She was daughter of the nobleman Isidro Huarte, provincial intendant and descendant of the Marquis of Altamira.
Septimia Zenobia, pronounced Bat-Zabbai; AD c.240–c.274) was a third-century queen of the Syria-based Palmyrene Empire.
He appears to have ruled as king from 1022 to 1035, the year of his death.
He was born at Coburg, Saxe-Coburg and Gotha, German Empire.
This led to the rise of the nobility in the Kingdom of Hungary.
He was known in Russia as the tsarevich Bagrat Georgievich Gruzinsky.
She was the granddaughter of Suleiman the Magnificent and Hürrem Sultan, sister of Sultan Murad III and aunt of Sultan Mehmed III.
After Magnus fell at the Battle of Fimreite in 1184, Sverre ruled as sole king of Norway.
Should Emperor Akihito abdicate, Michiko will receive the new title of "Jōkōgō".
He was also the Count of Falkenstein.
Through Alix's marriage to John, the Château de Brie-Comte-Robert passed to the Châtillon family.
His marriage to Princess Irene of the Netherlands in 1964 caused a constitutional crisis in the Netherlands.
Æthelberht was King of Kent from about 589 until his death.
An able warrior and a scholar, he authored the Sanskrit work Gajasastra.
A member of the House of Habsburg, she was the daughter of Maximilian II, Holy Roman Emperor, and Maria of Spain.
Princess Kaoruko was her sister by the same mother.
Saint Edward was one of England's national saints until King Edward III adopted Saint George as the national patron saint c. 1350.
David II also known as Imām Qulī Khān, of the Bagrationi Dynasty, was a king of Kakheti in eastern Georgia from 1709 to 1722.
When Frederick, who was practically a puppet of the emperor, died, he was succeeded by Conrad Otto.
In 1121 Volodar was imprisoned in Poland, but was bonded out by his brother Vasylko Rostyslavych.
Anna of Saxony was the heiress of Maurice, Elector of Saxony, and Agnes, eldest daughter of Philip I, Landgrave of Hesse.
Said became more reclusive from his people and country.
The death of his older brother, Alexander, made him the new heir apparent to the Electorate of Saxony.
His maternal grandparents were Maria II of Portugal and her King consort Ferdinand II of Portugal.
By 1361/62 Margaret was a mistress to King David who was widowed from his first wife, Joan of The Tower, on 14 August 1362.
He experienced a number of conflicts with the Bishop of Nantes and the Breton clergy.
In 801, Eardwulf led an army against Coenwulf of Mercia, perhaps because of Coenwulf's support for other claimants to the Northumbrian throne.
He was the second son of Rukn al-Dawla.
In 427, his capital Tongwan fell to Northern Wei forces, and in 428 he himself was captured.
During his reign, Tang armies annexed Karakhoja in 640, Karasahr in 644 and Kucha in 648.
Queen Silvia of Sweden is the spouse of King Carl XVI Gustaf and mother of the heir apparent to the throne, Crown Princess Victoria.
Principal Characters of the Affairs of the Poisons: St. Martin's Press.
She was the daughter of Amalric I of Jerusalem and his second wife Maria Comnena.
Zenobia died after 274, and many tales have been recorded about her fate.
Irene Doukaina Laskarina was empress consort of Bulgaria.
The rebellion and court intrigues that followed took a heavy toll on Jahangir's health.
In 1768, Solomon managed to stage a comeback, but his kingdom remained occupied by the Turks.
Historians largely attributed this to his irresolution and inability to judge military and political decisions.
'Abd al-Ilah of Hejaz, GCB GCMG GCVO was a cousin and brother-in-law of King Ghazi of Iraq.
The best known of these is the Nashik prashasti inscription of his mother Gautami Balashri, which credits him with extensive military conquests.
Emperor Xiaojing of Eastern Wei魏孝靜帝), personal name Yuan Shanjian, was the only emperor of the Eastern Wei – a branch successor state to Northern Wei.
Mary II was joint monarch of England, Scotland, and Ireland with her husband and first cousin, William of Orange, from 1689 until her death.
Louis was the eighth of twelve children of King Charles VI of France and Isabeau of Bavaria.
These kingdoms such as the Rajasthan branches continued to rule for several centuries.
Mulan Khan succeeded his younger brother Markörgis Khan in 1465 and it was prophesied "By you the great people will regain strength in legal order.
Sri Suriyendra then left the Grand Palace for the Old Palace to live with her son Prince Isaret.
Queen Inseong, also known as Queen Dowager Gongui was the wife and Queen Consort of King Injong of Joseon, the 12th monarch of the Joseon Dynasty.
Her sons misconduct, and disobedience to their father, under the influence of their counsellors, embittered her later life.
Thrasco was the Prince of the Obotrite confederation from 795 until his death in 810.
She is fluent in Khmer, Lao, Thai, French, and English.
Princess Ida Caroline of Waldeck and Pyrmont was a member of the House of Waldeck and Pyrmont and a Princess of Waldeck and Pyrmont.
Berengaria of Portugal, was a Portuguese infanta, later Queen consort of Denmark.
He belonged to the Albertine line of the House of Wettin.
Through her marriage to Philipp Albrecht, Duke of Württemberg, Rosa was also a member of the House of Württemberg and Duchess consort of Württemberg.
She was instead styled as "Her Grace", a style normally reserved for non-royal dukes and duchesses.
Despite being the eldest surviving son of Ivan Alexander, Ivan Sratsimir was disinherited in favour of his half-brother Ivan Shishman and proclaimed himself emperor in Vidin.
In 556 he and his son Ceawlin won a battle against the Britons at Beranburh, now identified as Barbury Castle.
Ernst Ludwig died after reigning five years, only twenty years old and unmarried.
His personal name was Lü Wúkuī or Lü Wúguǐ, ancestral name Jiang.
It is said that the gods, angered over this cruel deed, made the ocean rush inland and flood the land.
Princess Adelheid-Marie of Anhalt-Dessau was a Princess of Anhalt-Dessau and member of the House of Ascania.
Later he became a monk and changed his name to Teokist.
After Ari'i-'Otare became the Queen of Bora Bora under the name "Teri'imaevarua III".
His progress from lazy regent to a hegemon of his time gave rise to the Chinese Four-character idiom of yī mǐng jīng rén.
He became Yoma Shin Mingaung Nat or a spirit in Burmese folk religion.
He was made king of Kakheti following a revolt against his reigning uncle, Constantine I, in 1605.
He ruled Serbia until his abdication in 1282, when he became ill.
Michel Charles Eugène Marie Lamoral, Prince de Ligne, Prince d'Épinoy, Prince d'Amblise, Grandee of Spain is the head of the princely House of Ligne.
The Song government was forced to capitulate and cede all territories north of the Yangtze River to the Mongols.
The account of his life is given in the Malay Annals.
She was the daughter of Bogislaw IV, Duke of Pomerania and his second spouse, Margarete of Rügen.
His son Suleyman /or Suleiman), founded the Sultanate of Rum in what is now Turkey.
Queen Viharamahadevi was the daughter of King Kelanitissa who ruled Kelaniya.
In this role he worked with monarchists in Brazil in several attempts to restore the monarchy.
Henry IV, also known by the epithet "Good King Henry", was King of Navarre from 1572 to 1610 and King of France from 1589 to 1610.
She is said to have originated from the old patrician family Madi from Zadar.
Commodus was the first emperor "born in the purple", i.e., during his father's reign.
Her father's favourite daughter, Marie Anne was widowed in 1685 aged 19.
The commander in charge of Zhao forces, Lian Po, opted for a defensive strategy of fort construction.
Had he been the reigning Sultan he would have been Grand Sultan Osman IV.
Following their separation in 1973 and subsequent divorce in 1983, she has continued to use his family name.
Sobieski's military skill, demonstrated in wars against the Ottoman Empire, contributed to his prowess as King of Poland.
It was not unusual in Tudor times to name a child after a deceased sibling.
Probably spurred by his wife Brunhilda's anger at her sister's murder, Sigebert sought revenge.
He was murdered by a jealous husband whose wife he tried to seduce.
He had long aspired to the office.
She was the last imperial concubine to be legally married to an Ottoman Sultan.
In 1070 Margaret married King Malcolm III of Scotland, becoming Queen of Scots.
Ernest Augustus was a soldier and served with some distinction under Emperor Leopold I during the Nine Years' War and the War of Spanish Succession.
Abdullah bin Faisal Al Saud was a senior member of House of Saud.
These crises were initially averted, but issues remained unsettled.
He was the fourth son of Maurice, Duke of Saxe-Zeitz, and his second wife, Dorothea Maria of Saxe-Weimar.
Frederick Casimir was the son of Jacob Kettler and Louise Charlotte of Brandenburg.
Within the first three years of his reign, both Upper Burma and Siam revolted.
Peter the Great was the King of Aragon of Valencia, and Count of Barcelona from 1276 to his death,.
He reached the rank of general of the cavalry.
He is known for founding the city of Jodhpur in 1459.
In 1407 John the Fearless assassinated Orléans, sparking hostilities between the factions.
According to a popular legend, Popiel was then eaten by mice in his tower on the Gopło lake.
His mother the wife of King Mswati had died when he was still very young.
And then, having satisfied himself that it was really al-Musta'in's head, he commanded 500 pieces to be given to the assassin as his reward.
Valentinian was also the last emperor to conduct campaigns across both the Rhine and Danube rivers.
Elizabeth of Denmark, Norway, and Sweden was a Scandinavian princess who became Electress of Brandenburg as the spouse of Joachim I Nestor, Elector of Brandenburg.
Chao Sam Phraya led Siamese forces to subjugate Cambodia plundering Angkor Thom.
This situation was later formalized, albeit moderated in the subsequent Treaty of Nystad.
Der Ling stayed at court until March 1905.
Phrabat Somdet Phra Pinklao Chaoyuhua was the Vice King of Siam.
Following the model of Augustus, it was intended that the two would rule together.
She was a member of the House of Hohenzollern, and the wife of Rupert of Germany.
She is of mixed Chinese-European ancestry and lived in Hong Kong until she met Prince Joachim in 1994.
Pepin subsequently embarked on several wars to expand his power.
Stephen V was King of Hungary and Croatia between 1270 and 1272, and Duke of Styria from 1258 to 1260.
Jotapianus or Jotapian, he was also known as Iotapianus or Iotapian.
Edwin became king of Northumbria upon Æthelfrith's death, and Eanfrith, who was, according to Bede, the eldest of Æthelfrith's sons, went into exile to the north.
Later, she married Camillo Borghese, 6th Prince of Sulmona.
Syed Mohammed Abbas Ali Meerza is the heir of the last Nawab Bahadur of Murshidabad.
She was well educated, compiling bibliographies of virtuous women, an activity connected with court politics.
Abu Mansur Nizar al-Aziz Billah, commonly known as al-Aziz was the fifth Caliph of the Fatimid Caliphate.
He was a member of the Balšić noble family, which ruled Zeta from ca.
He was the fourth and youngest son of Prince Chun, and a younger half-brother of Puyi, the Last Emperor of China.
During the Urartu-Assyria War, Argishti was responsible for orchestrating major Urartian counter-offensives against the invading Assyrians.
She returned to Germany following the deposition of her husband in 1031, later becoming a nun, and today is revered as Blessed Richeza of Lotharingia.
Infante John, Constable of Portugal was a Portuguese infante of the House of Aviz, Constable of Portugal and master of the Portuguese Order of St. James.
Victor's father was considered a usurper of the Western Roman Empire.
He allied himself with the barons who forced John to sign Magna Carta in 1215.
Tewodros II's first task was to bring Shewa under his control.
His reign saw the primacy of the Sayyid brothers, who became the effective power behind the façade of Mughal rule.
Still a child, Wenceslaus was betrothed to Elizabeth, the sole daughter of Andrew III of Hungary.
He was released a year later thanks to the efforts of Hubert Walter, Archbishop of Canterbury.
Although this suggests that Bayan was a man of some importance, nothing more is definitely known about Toktu's basis of support.
Hering, son of Hussa was a Bernician prince.
Mór Ní Thuathail was a Queen-consort of Leinster as the principal first wife of King Diarmait Mac Murchada.
During the Second World War he served with the Mediterranean and Pacific fleets.
Lý Nhân Tông, given name Lý Càn Đức, was the fourth emperor of the Lý Dynasty, reigning over Vietnam from 1072 to his death in 1127.
Many elder members of the House of Bolkiah claim that their ancestors were the BaHassan and BaAlawi Saadah from Tarim and Hadhramawt in Yemen.
He was the first Hungarian monarch to issue a coronation diploma confirming the privileges of the noblemen and the clergy.
With his wife Catherine Telegdi, he fathered eight children:
Mercia never regained the south-eastern kingdoms, but Berkshire and perhaps Essex came back into Mercian control.
He acceded as king following the death of his father King Paul in March 1964.
King Ding of Zhou, or King Ting of Chou, was the twenty-first king of the Chinese Zhou Dynasty and the ninth of Eastern Zhou.
He was made to sit on the throne by the courtiers.
He was given the posthumous name Wai Bing and was succeeded by his younger brother Zhong Ren.
Under Constantine, Hesse-Wanfried was in 1755 returned to Hesse-Rotenburg after the death of Christian of Hesse-Wanfried.
She died in Palencia, and was buried at the Cathedral of Santiago de Compostela.
She had been raised in France, where her father held the dukedom of Nevers prior to inheriting the Italian duchy.
Maria Anna Katharina Rutowska was a Polish noblewoman.
He became king of Sardinia in 1831 on the death of his distant cousin Charles Felix, who had no heir.
Akitoye, sometimes wrongly referred to as Akintoye, reigned twice as Oba of Lagos; first, from 1841 to 1845 and a second time, from 1851 to 1853.
We have no definite details about this Chola or his reign.
Martinian, who died in 325, was Roman Emperor from July to September 18, 324.
Queen Amarindra was the Queen Consort of King Phutthayotfa Chulalok, the founder of the Chakri Dynasty.
He was especially notable for his successes against the Britons and his victory over the Gaels of Dál Riata.
He is called the father of the Aruban nation.
Karađorđe founded the House of Karađorđević, the Serbian royal family, which would later gain the Serbian crown after the deposing of the rival House of Obrenović.
Conflict was resolved with a peace treaty between Kormisosh and Constantine V that probably confirmed the existing frontier.
He also could not impede the rise of Bulgaria along the southern frontiers of his kingdom.
Louis also inherited the crown of Lotharingia with the death of his elder illegitimate half-brother Zwentibold in 900.
He is a great-nephew of Russia's last Emperor, Nicholas II.
She was celebrated as a woman of classical beauty.
The Irish composer Thomas O'Brien Butler, who spent some time in India, dedicated a song composition to him.
Aulus Sempronius Atratinus served as a Roman consul in 497 BC and 491 BC.
At the age of 34 Moshoeshoe formed his own clan and became a chief.
Kōpparakēsarivarman Rājādhiraja Chōla I was an 11th-century emperor of the Indian Chola empire and the successor of his father, Rajendra Chola I.
Maharajadhiraja Bahadur Sir Bijay Chand Mahtab GCIE KCSI was the ruler of Burdwan Estate, Bengal in British India from 1887 till his death in 1941.
Princess Senate is the patron of the Non-Governmental Organization Coalition on the Rights of the Child which works
The tomb is an impressive stone structure with fine ornamental carving similar to the 15th-century Gujrat style.
Demetrius I may have been the initiator of the Yavana era, starting in 186-185 BC, which was used for several centuries thereafter.
However, he outlived them all and at the ed of his life he ruled Pomerania-Wolgast west of Swine river alone.
In 878, he gave the counties of Barcelona, Girona, and Besalú to Wilfred the Hairy.
This one is full of life...if you have nothing against this youth coming on a passing visit, will you telegraph to me."
King Daoxiang of Zhao reigned in the State of Zhao during the Warring States period of Chinese history.
He reigned from January 2, 687 until 729.
He was the youngest son of Sweyn Forkbeard and Gunhild of Wenden, and was regent while his father was fighting Ethelred the Unready in England.
She was married to Mehmed II on December 15, 1449 in Edirne.
Philip Prospero, Prince of Asturias was the first son of Philip IV of Spain and Mariana of Austria to survive infancy.
Arthur I was 4th Earl of Richmond and Duke of Brittany between 1196 and 1203.
Louis Armand de Bourbon, Prince of Conti was Prince of Conti, from 1709 to his death, succeeding his father François Louis, Prince of Conti.
Ferdinand I was Holy Roman Emperor from 1558, king of Bohemia and Hungary from 1526, and king of Croatia from 1527 until his death.
Archduchess Maria Anna Josepha Antonia of Austria was the second child of Francis I, Holy Roman Emperor, and Maria Theresa, Queen of Hungary and Bohemia.
Princess Shōshi or Princess Masako Naishinnō, September 1286–November 1348) was a Saiō for Emperor Go-Nijō then an Empress of Japan.
He was one of the founding member of Indian National Congress Party.
Princess Joséphine Charlotte of Belgium, also Grand Duchess Joséphine Charlotte of Luxembourg was the Grand Duchess consort of Jean, Grand Duke of Luxembourg.
In the face of a possible Castilian military takeover of further western Navarrese territories, Sancho VI re-asserted royal authority by founding several towns in 1181, e.g.
Nawrahta of Mrauk-U was a king of the Mrauk-U Dynasty of Arakan.
Seeta bint Abdulaziz was a member of the House of Saud and the younger full-sister of King Abdullah, former ruler of Saudi Arabia.
His disagreement with Eleftherios Venizelos over whether Greece should enter World War I led to the National Schism.
He was one of Bosnia's most prominent and notable historic rulers and had a great effect on the development of early Bosnian history.
Prince Friedrich Carl Nicolaus of Prussia was the son of Prince Charles of Prussia and his wife, Princess Marie of Saxe-Weimar-Eisenach.
And…Antiochis lies herein, the king’s sister by the same mother, the most beautiful of women, whose life was short but her honours long-enduring.
The Noble Consort Kesorn of King Chulalongkorn
In 1932, he married Karin Nissvandt, a morganatic marriage, and thereafter ceased to be referred to by his royal titles.
She was the regent of Hesse in 1547-1549.
Susan May Williams Bonaparte was the daughter of Benjamin Williams, a prominent Baltimore merchant, and his wife, Sarah Copeland, widow of Nathaniel Morton.
Aloys I supported mining operations within his lands in Moravia in order to raise money.
He was succeeded by his eldest son Sabah II Al-Sabah.
Susanna of Bavaria was a German noblewoman.
Da Wu or Tai Wu was a Shang dynasty King of China.
In Portugal, he is better known as Infante D. Pedro das Sete Partidas [do Mundo], "of the Seven Parts [of the World]" because of his travels.
He was made the 3rd Count of Barcelos on 1 May 1314.
John, Prince of Antioch, was the second son of Infante Peter, Duke of Coimbra, and Isabella of Aragon, Countess of Urgell.
He disclosed to the Italian Foreign Minister Count Ciano that the goal was the "dispersion and elimination" of these Jews.
The Sheikh founded news media group Al Jazeera, through which he maintained his influence over the Arab World.
Agrippina was the wife of the general and statesman Germanicus and a relative to the first Roman Emperors.
Sigrid appears in many sagas composed generations after the events they describe, but there is no reliable evidence as to her existence as they describe her.
Frederick had his son educated by Landgrave Philip I of Hesse.
Alv Erlingsson was the son of Erling Alvsson of Tanberg and grandson of Alv Erlingsson of Tanberg.
Catherine Cornaro was the last queen of Cyprus.
From 1817 until 1853 he was ruler of the duchy of Anhalt-Dessau and from 1847 until 1853 also ruler of the duchy of Anhalt-Köthen.
He was forced to step down from both groups after being involved in the Lockheed Bribery Scandal.
To further strengthen the alliance Olav Kyrre's half-sister, Ingegerd Haraldsdatter, married King Olaf I of Denmark, who was the brother of Queen Ingerid.
Chalchiuhcozcatzin was a Queen of Azcapotzalco as a wife of the famous king Tezozomoc.
During Grand Duke Gian Gastone's rule, the Governor was responsible for formal court audiences.
K'inich Yo'nal Ahk I, also known as Ruler 1, was an ajaw of Piedras Negras, an ancient Maya settlement in Guatemala.
Prince Wenzeslaus has become something of a society column figure on account of his relationship with Victoria's Secret model Adriana Lima.
She died of leukemia at the age of 37.
However, almost nothing is known about his reign.
Her son Albert married Elizabeth of Luxembourg, the only child of Emperor Sigismund.
Christine of Hesse-Rheinfels-Rotenburg was a princess of the German dynasty of Hesse-Rheinfels-Rotenburg.
Prince Makhosetive was crowned on 25 April 1986 with the name of King Mswati III of Swaziland.
Sanchia was described as "of incomparable beauty".
She also bears the title Bhre Kahuripan.
Elena, who married Theodore II Doukas Laskaris of the Nicaea.
A keen sports enthusiast, Philip helped develop the equestrian event of carriage driving.
Though he disliked the idea of matrimony for his daughters, King George had intended to find them suitable husbands when they came of age.
In addition there has been an effort to Islamise the history, with the "official history" not matching up with verifiable foreign sources.
Although Saw Yun nominally remained loyal to his father, after Thihathu's death in 1325, the two houses of Myinsaing officially became rival kingdoms in central Burma.
Upon seeing this, his brother Chilperic sent to Athanagild for his other daughter's hand.
Shō Eki succeeded his grandfather Shō Tei as king in 1710, and died two years later.
She organized the Russian Red Cross and expanded its activities during the Russo-Turkish War of 1877–78.
He stands at the threshold of recorded history, since he is the first Swedish ruler about whom we have substantial knowledge.
As well as carrying out various official engagements, he served as Britain's Special Representative for International Trade and Investment until July 2011.
Princess Noor bint Asem is a member of the Jordanian Royal Family.
He is primarily remembered as a collector of the important illuminated manuscripts and other works of art commissioned by him, such as the Très Riches Heures.
Viliami Tungī Mailefihi was a Tongan high chieftain and Prince Consort of Queen Sālote Tupou III.
Khosrov II was the son of Tiridates II King of Armenia by an unnamed mother, and followed his father on the Armenian throne.
On February 20, 1810, the Russian administration removed Solomon from the throne and sent in troops to take control of the kingdom.
He also sent to al-Musta'in his mother and family from Samarra, but not until they had been stripped of everything they possessed.
Her grandmother Melisende had provided an example of successful rule by a queen regnant earlier in the century.
Olowo Rerengejen was the traditional ruler of Owo Kingdom, Ondo state, southwestern Nigeria.
Kumánsky; 5 August 1262 – 10 July 1290), also known as Ladislas the Cuman, was King of Hungary and Croatia from 1272 to 1290.
It was during his reign that the Peloponnesian League came formally into existence.
His elder brother was Gunthar died sometime before their father's death.
After her death, he contracted a second marriage with Violant of Villafeliche.
He went into exile in Bengal, and later entered the military service of Sultan Jalaluddin Muhammad Shah.
The only surviving details about his reign come from the fragmentary poems of Sangam in the Purananuru poems.
Emperor Xingzong of Liao, personal name Zhigu, sinicised name Yelü Zongzhen, was the seventh emperor of the Khitan-led Liao dynasty.
A member of the House of Glücksburg, she is expected to become Norway's second female monarch, after the 15th-century Queen Margaret.
During his first consular appointment in 497 BC, he consecrated the newly built Temple of Saturn in the Roman Forum.
Later that year, Frederick used his popularity to disband the elective monarchy in favour of absolute monarchy, which lasted until 1848 in Denmark.
Stephen of Ripon's Life of Wilfrid describes Wulfhere as "a man of proud mind, and insatiable will".
His royal title is in Greek ΒΑΣΙΛΕΩΣ ΤΙΓΡΑΝΟΥ ΜΕΓΑΛΟΥ which means of great King Tigranes.
In 1805, her husband died and was succeeded by her brother-in-law as monarch.
Dissatisfaction with his brother's neutrality policy during World War I led to his brother's abdication and most of the royal family, including Andrew, was exiled.
She worked extensively with the Church, founding Cistercian monasteries, and was known for her piety.
he was particularly careful of his hair, which he dressed in a hundred different ways.
He was the third known ruler of that place.
The king forgave his rebellious vassals, including Louis, to whom he entrusted the management of the Dauphiné, then a province in southeastern France.
Anna Neda of Serbia, who married Michael Shishman of Bulgaria.
His nickname, "Crouchback", refers to his participation in the Ninth Crusade.
Later however, he was defeated by his father-in-law in battle, with serious effect on Sātavāhana power and prestige:
In 1882, his brother, Tsar Alexander III, appointed him Commander of the 1st Battalion Preobrazhensky Life Guard Regiment, a position he held until 1891.
She was the mother of King Mahendra Bir Bikram Shah.
John George's father was a co-inheritor of the Duchy of Prussia.
Tabinshwehti was king of Toungoo Dynasty of Burma from 1530 to 1550, and the founder of Toungoo Empire.
After the death of al-Mu'tazz, the Turks chose his cousin, al-Muhtadi as the new Caliph.
It was also among the most stable of the southern kingdoms, but it also stagnated militarily and politically.
Emmanuel Philibert spent his rule regaining what had been lost in the costly wars with France.
She was the illegitimate daughter of the then 22-year-old Holy Roman Emperor Charles V and Johanna Maria van der Gheynst.
She was the only one of five sisters who made a royal marriage.
He appears in Arabic records as Fortoûn ibn Garsiya.
He was hailed Yanaik-kann-cei meaning 'the child on the elephant' literally 'Lord Murugan', his beauty and grand posture resembling those of the Lord.
The states of Qin, Chu, Yan, Qi, and Wei each sent ten thousand crack troops to Zhao to attend the funeral.
Adeyinka Oyekan was Oba of Lagos from 1965 to 2003.
In 1581 he gave the citizens of Herzberg the right to provide for their own fuel and timber as well as leaves for fertilizing their fields.
Mehmed went on to become the second longest reigning sultan in Ottoman history.
Tan Te' K'inich was a Maya king of the ancient city of Aguateca, in the Petén Department of modern Guatemala.
Louis VII refused to extradite Boris to Géza, but prevented the pretender from coming into contacts with his supporters in Hungary and took him to Constantinople.
He claimed the throne of Spain after the death of his older brother King Ferdinand VII in 1833.
Svatopluk I or Svätopluk I, also known as Svatopluk the Great was a ruler of Great Moravia, which attained its maximum territorial expansion during his reign.
Because she was his first cousin, the couple required papal permission to marry from Pope John XXII.
Prince Carl Philip of Sweden, Duke of Värmland is the only son and the second of three children of King Carl XVI Gustaf and Queen Silvia.
Mary was the subject of marriage negotiations of James V of Scotland.
Smbat II reigned as King of Armenia from 977 to 989.
Born in Rome, Pier Luigi was the illegitimate son of Cardinal Alessandro Farnese.
Nawab Walashan Mir Karamath Ali Khan Siddiqi Bayafendi Bahadur Muffakham Jah, HH Prince, was born to Azam Jah and Durru Shehvar in 1939.
Kublai was the fifth Khagan of the Mongol Empire, reigning from 1260 to 1294.
Through her first marriage to Alexander III of Scotland, Yolande became Queen consort of the Kingdom of Scotland.
Lobengula Khumalo was the second and last king of the Northern Ndebele people.
Prana Malla was a Malla Dynasty King of Bhaktapur, Nepal from 1519 to 1547.
She has two brothers Hamzah and Hashem and an elder sister Princess Iman.
He is a member of the House of Saud.
He is the father of the current ruler, Grand Duke Henri, and the son of Grand Duchess Charlotte and Prince Felix of Bourbon-Parma.
He was the son of Fakhr al-Dawla.
She was the sister of Ine, King of Wessex and was married to the Northumbrian king Aldfrith.
He was a member of many calligraphy societies in China and produced many works.
Qutlugh Nigar Khanum was the first wife and chief consort of Umar Shaikh Mirza II, the ruler of Ferghana Valley.
Mansur Shihab was the Emir of Mount Lebanon between 1754 and 1770.
By the course of the 1550s, when Suleiman was already in his 60s, a protracted competition for the throne between Bayezid and Selim was evident.
He was enthroned in the year of Xinchou with Bo as his capital.
Đồng Khánh was the eldest son of Prince Nguyễn Phúc Hồng Cai and grandson of emperor Thiệu Trị .
Shortly after Hethum's resumption in 1299, Constantine plotted to restore Sempad again, and both were imprisoned for the rest of their lives.
Up to this point, Duklja had been the center of the Serbian realm, as well as the main resistance to Byzantium in the Balkans.
He is still known and recognized as Imam among the Zaydis of Yemen.
On 5 May 2015 she was proclaimed Crown Princess by her father.
Edward and the Despensers strengthened their grip on power, revoking the 1311 reforms, executing their enemies and confiscating estates.
Sunni Ali ruled over both urban Muslims and rural non-Muslims at a time when the traditional co-existence of different beliefs was being challenged.
Prince Emanuele Filiberto, 2nd Duke of Aosta was an Italian general and member of the House of Savoy.
By the mid-1580s, England could no longer avoid war with Spain.
Maximus and Victor gained recognition of their legitimacy for their co-reign by Theodosius in 386.
She was also a claimant to the thrones of Denmark, Norway and Sweden in 1561-1590.
As for Elizabeth, she was described as plump, energetic, talkative and reliable, and also as the dominant personality and as the spokesperson of the family.
Wen Wu Ding or Wen Ding was a king of the Shang dynasty of China from 1112 to 1102 BC.
After Valerian's capture by Sassanid Emperor Shapur I, Valerian's son Gallienus became sole emperor, but was occupied with his own problems in the West.
Charles III of Naples landed in Dalmatia in September 1385.
Dagmar Louise Thyra Sophia Castenskjold, married Poul Bitsch on April 4, 1950, and had three children:
Her maternal grandfather was Robert Corbet of Alcester, part of the Corbet family.
Constantius I, commonly known as Constantius Chlorus, was Caesar, a form of Roman co-emperor, from 293 to 306.
She is also the vice-president of the Paneuropean Union and a board member of the Institute for Information on the Crimes of Communism.
She was born in the Aisin Gioro clan, the imperial clan of the Qing dynasty.
Ferdinand Herbord Ivar, Prince von Bismarck is a German landowner and lawyer and the Prince of Bismarck since 1975.
His younger son Xiong Yang also ascended the throne after Xiong Sheng's death.
She was born and raised in Rome.
Leopold became the founder and sole owner of the Congo Free State, a private project undertaken on his own behalf.
Mojmir II was a member of the House of Mojmir and since 894 the last known ruler of Great Moravia.
He reigned from 1830 until his death in 1857.
Louis-Philippe, Crown Prince of Belgium, was the eldest child and heir-apparent of King Leopold I of the Belgians and his second wife, Princess Louise d'Orléans.
At the time of his death he was one of the longest serving Cardinals in the Church's history.
He changed the character of his surname to mean "Brilliance" later.
During Hamad's rule, Qatar hosted two US military bases.
He ruled for nearly three decades, during which he subdued a number of neigubouring kings, including the Chahamana king Arnoraja and the Shilahara king Mallikarjuna.
The Old Norse nickname Digri and its Latin translation Grossus are given to him by near-contemporary texts.
Manono II was a Hawaiian chiefess and member of the royal family during the Kingdom of Hawaii.
He was known as the King father until his death in 2012.
Toghrul's head was sent to the Caliph Al-Nasir who displayed it in front of his palace in Baghdad.
He constructed many Buddhapada and restored Wat Mahathat of Sukhothai.
She was the most powerful imperial princess in Ottoman history and one of the prominent figures during the Sultanate of Women.
Friederike Luise Wilhelmine of Prussia was the first wife of King William I of the Netherlands and so the first Queen of the Netherlands.
She was a patrilineal granddaughter of Philip V of Spain.
Princess Marie Melita of Hohenlohe-Langenburg was the Duchess consort of Schleswig-Holstein as the wife of Wilhelm Friedrich, Duke of Schleswig-Holstein.
Rao Raja Hanut Singh was a British Indian Army soldier and polo player.
Also known as Babba and Mai Sango- The Gun User.
Charles was an exceptionally skilled military leader and tactician as well as an able politician, credited with introducing important tax and legal reforms.
On 19 June 2014, Juan Carlos abdicated in favour of their son, Felipe VI.
Many of his poems also have become popular folk songs.
He ruled from 1659 to 1660, and was succeeded by Muhammad Ali.
It is named after St Radegund, a Frankish saint associated with the nearby Jesus College.
Indrajit killed 670 million Vanara's in a single day, nearly exterminating the entire half man-half monkey race.
He was the Count of Saarbrücken and Seigneur of Commercy, as Jean IV of Saarbrücken-Commercy, part "Château bas".
Duke Robert Maria Klemens Philipp Joseph of Württemberg was a member of the House of Württemberg and a Duke of Württemberg.
King Xi of Zhou was the sixteenth king of the Chinese Zhou Dynasty and the fourth of Eastern Zhou.
He frequently goes by the name of Jean Nassau.
Princess Sifrash Bizu married Ato Fasil Araya, Secretary General of the Awasa Chamber of Commerce.
Her mother was Ivan Stratsimir's wife, Anna of Wallachia.
Piast Kołodziej was a semi-legendary figure in medieval Poland, the founder of the Piast dynasty that would rule the future Kingdom of Poland.
During his youth, Alexander was tutored by Aristotle until the age of 16.
During her eight years of regency, she contributed to the unification of modern Nepal begun by Prithvi Narayan Shah.
Three years after John's death, his young widow remarried to Humphrey de Bohun, 4th Earl of Hereford.
In 2013, his 400th anniversary was celebrated in Hue.
Consort Li, imperial consort rank Chenfei, was an imperial consort of the Song dynasty of China.
Like other early Chu rulers, he held the hereditary noble rank of viscount first granted to his ancestor Xiong Yi by King Cheng of Zhou.
Ala ad-Din Tekish or Tekesh or Takesh was the Shah of Khwarezmian Empire from 1172 to 1200.
The office building and original home of the National Assembly for Wales is named Tŷ Hywel in honour of Hywel Dda.
Aloys married Karoline Gräfin von Manderscheid-Blankenheim in Feldsberg on 15 November/16 November 1783.
He reigned from 997 to his death in 1022.
His byname Gille is probably from Middle Irish Gilla Críst "servant of Christ".
In Vietnamese history, he is considered a king of Vietnam.
His reign was from 1321 to 1373.
His brother Yusef was proclaimed Sultan by the French administration several months later.
In the first year of his reign he moved his capital to Ao.
The son of the powerful Frankish statesman, Ansegisel, Pepin worked to establish his family, the Pippinids, as the strongest in Francia.
Abba-El I was the king of Yamhad succeeding his father Hammurabi I.
His mother was Louise Élisabeth de Bourbon, a natural granddaughter of Louis XIV.
He was also a nine-times great grandfather of King Alaungpaya of Konbaung Dynasty.
Duchess Anastasia Alexandrine Cecile Marie Luise Wilhelmine of Mecklenburg-Schwerin,.
Charles Chalmont Marquis of St Ruth was a French general.
Taisun Khan was a Khagan of the Northern Yuan dynasty based in Mongolia.
After the marriage, Joan renewed her claim on Savoy and allied herself with the Dauphin de Viennois against her uncle.
After the death of Gamzat-bek, Imam Shamil became the third imam of Dagestan.
Helvis, living in 1282 and in 1295
Canute was crowned in 1231, but his time in office was short.
He married twice; first to Maria Anna of Saxony, and after her death in 1832, to Maria Antonia of the Two-Sicilies.
Bahadur Shah, the seventh Mughal emperor of India, ruled from 1707 until his death in 1712.
Al-Muqtafi is praised by early Muslim historians as virtuous, able, and brave.
He was appointed caliph by Muhammad's Companions in 656, after Caliph Uthman ibn Affan was assassinated.
Welf was a first cousin of Charles, Prince of Wales.
Wenceslaus was deposed in 1400 as King of the Romans, but continued to rule as Bohemian king until his death.
She most likely married Uroš in the summer of 1360.
He was the son of Maharana Kshetra Singh and ruled from 1382 until his death in 1421, when he was killed in battle.
Although Cao Cao paid nominal allegiance to Emperor Xian, he was actually the de facto head of the central government.
He lived in luxury, sophistication and art in the first half of his life.
Archduchess Eleanor of Austria was the daughter of Ferdinand I, Holy Roman Emperor and Anna of Bohemia and Hungary.
This claim was based on his status as the eldest son of James Francis Edward Stuart, himself the son of James VII and II.
In 2006 their father named his second son, Prince Jean, Duke of Vendôme, as Dauphin of France.
Shortly before his ninth birthday, Louis became king of France and Navarre after his father Henry IV was assassinated.
Lunalilo died only a year later, three years before his father's death on March 13, 1877.
Vespasian founded the Flavian dynasty that ruled the Empire for twenty-seven years.
Prince Moulay Ismail of Morocco is the son of Prince Moulay Abdallah and Lalla Lamia Solh.
She was the last member of the Tyrolean branch of the House of Habsburg, which became extinct upon her death.
Of all of her siblings, she was closest to her younger brother King Edward II, as they were only two years apart in age.
At the end of her life and afterwards, Olga was widely labeled the last Grand Duchess of Imperial Russia.
After Emperor Wu died in 290, Crown Prince Zhong ascended the throne as Emperor Hui, and Prince Yu was created crown prince.
While two charters issued by Edmund which mention his wife survive from about this time, neither of them contain her name in the surviving texts.
Dom Teodósio I of Braganza was the 5th Duke of Braganza, among other titles.
She was the only known child of Chief Keʻoloʻewa-a-Kamauaua and Chiefess Nuʻakea.
As she sat on the saddle, she began to play sorrowful melodies on a stringed instrument.
Eric was the son of king Anund, and he succeeded his father at Uppsala; he was a rich king.
He succeeded his father in law, Sultan Husain Kamaluddin as Sultan of Brunei upon the latter's abdication from the throne in 1740.
Princess Franziska Xaveria Maria, married in Feldsberg on 6 August 1755 Charles-Joseph, 7th Prince of Ligne, and had issue
It was the first time in French history that the third estate was represented.
Over the next twenty years, Sultan Ali's claims to the office of Sultan of Johor were only recognised by some merchants and a few Malays.
Charles Thomas, 5th Prince of Löwenstein-Wertheim-Rosenberg married in 1799 Countess Sophie of Windisch-Grätz and had issue
Princess Irina Pavlovna Paley was the daughter of Grand Duke Paul Alexandrovich of Russia and his second wife Olga Valerianovna Paley.
Their nine children married into royal and noble families across the continent, tying them together and earning her the sobriquet "the grandmother of Europe".
Sheikh Maktoum Hasher Maktoum Al Maktoum is a member of Dubai's ruling family.
She gave birth to Ivan the Young in 1458.
In an attempt to consolidate his control over Qara Del in Hami, the Khagan murdered Engke-Temur who allied with the Ming Dynasty.
He died from flu complications and was succeed by his son, Gustaf VI Adolf.
He was responsible for the construction of the famous Hortus Palatinus gardens in Heidelberg.
Sanchia of Provence was the third daughter of Ramon Berenguer IV, Count of Provence and Beatrice of Savoy.
Mentioned in the De Administrando Imperio from the mid-10th century, he succeeded his father Radoslav and was succeeded by his son Vlastimir.
At his liberation a year later, he was ruined, and his property under seal.
She supported her husband in his struggle against their cousin Empress Matilda, who claimed the English throne in the civil war known as the Anarchy.
The prime minister Lü Jia held military power in the Nanyue state at that time, and his fame was overshadowing the Queen Dowager.
In foreign policy, Alexander sold Alaska to the United States in 1867, fearing the remote colony would fall into British hands if there were another war.
Beatrice of Bavaria; Swedish: Beatrix ; was Queen of Sweden by marriage to King Eric XII, who co-ruled with his father, King Magnus IV.
Haseki sultan meant "chief consort" or "single favorite" of the sultan.
Even in his core power base in present-day central Myanmar, Uzana faced a serious rival in his half-brother Kyawswa.
In 1452, he was given the title Maha Mandaleshwara of Chandragiri during the reign of Mallikarjuna Raya.
Ladislaus II or Ladislas II was King of Hungary and Croatia between 1162 and 1163, having usurped the crown from his nephew, Stephen III.
Aldona was Queen consort of Poland, and a princess of the Grand Duchy of Lithuania.
The Princess of Conti by marriage, she died in childbirth at the age of twenty.
In 1086 William ordered the compilation of the Domesday Book, a survey listing all the landholders in England along with their holdings.
By 1580, Sriranga Deva turned the tide and started chasing the Golkonda army northwards recovering the territory they had seized.
Willem-Alexander is interested in sports and international water management issues.
After the Emperor had pardoned him and left the city, Crescentius II again rebelled, deposing Gregory V and installing John XVI as Pope.
His reign of four years was disrupted by feuds between Wolde Selassie, Ras Haile Yosadiq, and others.
He was born on 24 September 1577 as the son of George I, Landgrave of Hesse-Darmstadt and Magdalene of Lippe.
Their son Deiotarus Philadelphus became the last king of Paphlagonia somewhere before 31 BC until his death around 6 AD.
The Nikon Chronicle recorded that she was an nun at the Kiev Pechersk Lavra and was buried there.
Wilhelm August died in 1671 at only two years of age, and Johann Georg inherited the duchy.
His mother is Princess Nouf Bint Abdullah bin Abdul Rehman al Saud and father is Prince Abdulaziz bin Salman bin Muhammad Al Saud.
She was born a granddaughter of Frederick the Gentle of Saxony, and daughter of Ernest, Elector of Saxony and Elisabeth of Bavaria.
At this age, he was also inducted into the Upper House of Parliament.
However, he did not let up his pressure against Chang'an, and Chang'an, under his siege, soon fell into a terrible famine.
Rani Durgavati's achievements further enhanced the glory of her ancestral tradition of courage and patronage
She was crowned on 28 January 1479 in Tudela.
Charlotte was the sole heiress of the county of Hanau and married on 5 April 1717 Crown Prince Louis VIII of Hesse-Darmstadt.
In 1456, he rebelled against his father and occupied the throne for a short time until the failure of the rebellion.
He reigned until 771 LE when he was deposed in a coup by Inracha, his relative from the House of Suphannaphum.
Parthia retook most of their lost territory in 166, as Sohaemus from his expulsion retreated to Syria.
He was the son of Christian II of Zweibrücken-Birkenfeld and Katharina Agathe, Countess of Rappoltstein.
Aliqoli Mirza Qajar, given the honorary title of Etezado-ol-Saltaneh, was a prince of the Qajar dynasty, a son of Fath-Ali Shah.
However, the Pandyas invaded the Chera country, won the battle and the Chera king was taken as a prisoner to Madurai.
Targeted by the SR Combat Organization, he was assassinated by a terrorist bomb at the Kremlin.
He retained this domain until his abdication in 735.
Rajaraja Chola II succeeded his father Kulothunga Chola II to the Chola throne in 1150.
Instead, she promoted her nephew Sigismund III Vasa, establishing House of Vasa on the Polish–Lithuanian throne for the next eighty years.
She was likely dead by October 1277, according to another inscription.
Adolphus Frederick III was a Duke of Mecklenburg-Strelitz.
After the war, Margaret fell in love with Group Captain Peter Townsend.
He was the only Emperor of India to be present at his own Delhi Durbar.
When his father Hugh I died on January 10, 1218, the 8-month-old Henry became king.
Unlike his predecessor, Tullus was known as a warlike king.
He is also the cousin of Prince Al-Waleed bin Talal of Saudi Arabia, whose mother Mona Al Solh is another daughter of the Lebanese family.
Meanwhile, the domestic situation of Greece was complicated by World War I.
Henry died on 1 December 1135 after a week of illness.
Dasharatha was a Mauryan emperor from 232 to 224 BCE.
Before Victoria succeeded to the British throne, it was rumoured that Ernest intended to murder her and take the throne himself.
King Pindale, however, lost his popularity and Pye was urged to take the throne.
Her mother was the Galatian princess Adobogiona the Elder.
The Serbs, Hungarians and Normans exchanged envoys, being in the interest of the Normans to stop Manuel's plans to recover Italy.
He was the eldest son of Emperor Leopold I from his third wife, Eleonor Magdalene of Neuburg.
Leo IV or Leon IV was the last Hethumid king of Cilicia, ruling from 1320 until his death.
The Estates of the realm had strengthened their position during the war between the two kings.
She was the maternal grandmother of George III of the United Kingdom.
In 1399, she was invested as a Lady Companion, Order of the Garter.
Although it was his son Wu who conquered the Shang following the Battle of Muye, King Wen was honored as the founder of the Zhou dynasty.
The dam irrigated some 300 villages in Fars province and became known as Band-e Amir.
She is also called Queen of the Gewisse, an early name for the tribe which ruled Wessex.
Mezidimestan Kadın was a consort of Sultan Abdul Hamid II of the Ottoman Empire.
In the same year on 9 June William I became also the Grand Duke of Luxembourg and after 1839 he was furthermore the Duke of Limburg.
After the crowning of Philip II of Spain as King of Portugal, António claimed the throne until 1583.
Matilda, married Henry II, Prince of Anhalt-Aschersleben, later Abbess of Gernrode
He ruled the East Georgian Kingdom of Kartli in the time of the kingdom's vassalage at the hands of Persia from 1716 to 1724.
Their marriage was celebrated in February 1215 in Székesfehérvár and Archbishop John of Esztergom crowned her queen consort.
During his second reign, an-Nasir Hasan maneuvered against the leading emirs, gradually purging them and their supporters from the administration through imprisonment, forced exile and execution.
Albrecht received his first instruction from the Field Marshal Frederick of Kospoth.
Prince Aimone, 4th Duke of Aosta was a prince of Italy's reigning House of Savoy and an officer of the Royal Italian Navy.
At the time of his birth, he was second in the line of succession to succeed his mother; as of 2017 he is sixth in line.
He was also sometimes threatened by his brothers because he was the youngest of all his siblings.
He reversed his predecessor Kyaswa's policy of peace with Sagaing's cross-river rival Pinya although no war broke out.
He introduced Islamic political institutions and the consolidation of Islam as the state religion.
He was born Xiong Liangfu and King Xuan was his posthumous title.
She was the only child of Infante Peter of Castile, Lord of Los Cameros and Infanta Maria of Aragon.
He is also well known in Thailand as Phra Chao Chana Sip Thit.
Magdalena was thus married, at Dresden, on 6 November 1524, to her second cousin's son Joachim Hector, the future Elector of Brandenburg.
However, her son Peter would rule as Emperor in 1762, succeeding Elizabeth.
He succeeded his father, Duke Ping of Jin, who died in 532 BC.
For the first three years of his reign, Zhuang wasted time on excessive hunting and lavish partying.
Empress consort Jingū, occasionally known as Empress regnant Jingū, was a Japanese empress who ruled beginning in the year 201.
Increasingly isolated after the weddings of her younger daughters, Victoria died of breast cancer a few months after her mother in 1901.
As of 2016, Prince Nikolai is seventh in the line of succession to the Danish throne.
Vladimir Yaroslavich reigned as prince of Novgorod from 1036 until his death.
In the 1950s and 1960s, the Duke and Duchess shuttled between Europe and the United States living a life of leisure as society celebrities.
Although he was not the founder of the Komnenian dynasty, it was during his reign that the Komnenos family came to full power.
After the Crown Prince divorced his second wife in 1996, he disowned her sons.
Bhim Singh was a weak ruler in a succession of ineffectual leaders.
He was the eldest son of Koxinga and a grandson of the pirate-merchant Zheng Zhilong.
John Louis, succeeded as Count of Nassau-Saarbrücken
Through her marriage to Carlos, Duke of Madrid, Carlist claimant to the Spanish throne, Margherita was titular Queen consort of Spain, France, and Navarre.
Goar was a leader of the Alans in 5th-century Gaul.
His ancestral name was Ying, and Duke Xian was his posthumous title.
He served as presiding prince of Arab-ruled Armenia in 761–775, playing a leading role in the Armenian rebellion of 774–775 against the Abbasid Caliphate.
Diponegoro, also known as Dipanegara, was a Javanese prince who opposed the Dutch colonial rule.
He sent reinforcements to Stephen the Great, Prince of Moldavia, enabling Stephen to repel a series of Ottoman invasions in the late 1470s.
With an outward affectation of godliness, he went to every excess of cruelty and extortion.
He was a reactionary who was angry with liberalism in Spain and the assaults on the Catholic Church.
Oda of Meissen, was a German noblewoman member of the Ekkehardiner dynasty and by marriage firstly Duchess and later the first Queen of Poland.
Known in Spain as "Felipe el Prudente", his empire included territories on every continent then known to Europeans, including his namesake the Philippines.
An inscription was found that recorded Uliana's death on the feast of Saint Alexius, which is March 17 in Eastern Orthodoxy.
Fatma Sultan was an Ottoman princess, daughter of Selim I and Hafsa Sultan.
Princess Dagmar died at Kongstedlund, Denmark at the age of 71, as the last surviving child of King Frederick VIII and Queen Louise.
In addition there has been an effort to Islamise the history, with the "official history" not matching up with verifiable foreign sources.
In the collective historical consciousness of the Lippe population, however, she is best remembered for her social goals.
Charles, Prince of Bavaria; and grand prior of the order of Malta, was a German soldier.
He also claimed the throne of Leiningen in the past.
He married his niece and was the owner of the Palazzo Chiablese in Turin; the two did not have descendants.
From 1812 to 1819, he held a seat in the Senate of the Russian Empire.
Al Jawhara bint Abdulaziz Al Saud is a member of the House of Saud.
Anna Audrey Emery Reykariw was an American heiress and socialite who was the wife of one of the last Russian Grand Dukes.
His official title is Preah Raja Samdach Preah Hariraksha Rama Suriya Maha Isvara Adipati.
After oil was discovered in Libya in 1959, he oversaw the emergence of a growing oil industry that rapidly aided economic growth.
Moreshwar Nilkanth Pingley, also known as 'Moropant', was a senior leader of the Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh.
Narapati Sithu was king of Pagan dynasty of Burma from 1174 to 1211.
Dorgon, formally known as Prince Rui, was a Manchu prince and regent of the early Qing dynasty.
Catherine Henriette de Bourbon was an illegitimate daughter of King Henry IV of France and his long-term maîtresse en titre Gabrielle d'Estrées.
Here, he came to know about Lilavati, the beautiful daughter of the king of Ceylon.
He was the son of Íñigo Arista, the first king of Pamplona.
His full title was Duke of Saxony, Angria and Westphalia, however only ruling the branch duchy of Saxe-Lauenburg between 1426 and 1463.
Kimweri ye Nyumbai was the ruler of the Shambaa people of the Usambara Mountains in what is now Tanzania between around 1815 and 1862.
John I, Margrave of Brandenburg was from 1220 until his death Margrave of Brandenburg, jointly with his brother Otto III "the Pious".
His candidacy was advocated by Baron Carl Otto Mörner, a Swedish courtier and obscure member of the Riksdag of the Estates.
Prince Adalbert of Prussia was a son of Prince Wilhelm of Prussia and Landgravine Marie Anna of Hesse-Homburg.
Duke Hui's father Duke Jian of Qin was the uncle of his predecessor Duke Ling.
The thirteenth son of the Kangxi Emperor, Yinxiang was a major ally of his brother Yinzhen during the latter's struggle for the succession of the throne.
Victor Amadeus III was King of Sardinia from 1773 to his death.
Dagobert was the first of the Frankish kings to be buried in the royal tombs at Saint Denis Basilica.
As-Salih Imad ad-Din Abu'l Fida Isma'il, better known as as-Salih Isma'il, was the Bahri Mamluk sultan of Egypt between June 1342 and August 1345.
Yuvraj Shalivahan Singh Tanwar was heir apparent and son of Ramshah Tanwar the Tomar king of Gwalior.
However, her power and influence continued and, to counter this, the British imprisoned and exiled her.
Grand Duchess Vera Constantinovna of Russia was a daughter of Grand Duke Konstantine Nicholaievich of Russia.
The only information available is from the fragmentary poems of Sangam in the Purananuru poems.
Irakli Gruzinsky was a Georgian prince of the House of Bagrationi and a colonel in the Russian Imperial army.
Princess Mabereng Seeiso of Lesotho is a member of the Royal Family of Lesotho.
In 1872 Joséphine Marie's mother gave birth to another daughter, who was named Joséphine in her memory.
Hedwig Eleonora of Holstein-Gottorp was Queen of Sweden from 1654 until 1660.
Her sister Victoria survived but died a month later.
The king died in 1433, and was succeeded by his younger brother Khayi.
After killing his predecessor and brother Lê Long Việt, he took the throne and named his era Cảnh Thụy.
He is currently third in line to the throne of Belgium after his older sister Elisabeth and brother Gabriel.
Among the high chiefs who died were Moses Kekūāiwa, William Pitt Leleiohoku I, husband of Ruth Keʻelikolani, and the four-year-old Kaʻiminaʻauao on November 10, 1848.
Tirumala Deva Raya also retained most of the Vijaynagar territories and assumed the title “Reviver of the Decadent Karnataka Empire”.
In his later years Rhys had trouble keeping control of his sons, particularly Maelgwn and Gruffydd, who maintained a feud with each other.
At the time of Raja Suraj Mal's death in 1763 Jawahar Singh was in Farrukhnagar.
In 1010, he married Ida, daughter of Duke Frederick I of Upper Lorraine and Beatrice of France.
He was the eldest son of Karl Louis, Prince of Anhalt-Bernburg-Schaumburg-Hoym, by his second wife Amalie Eleonore, daughter of Frederick William, Prince of Solms-Braunfels.
Indeed, he assembled one of the greatest collections of operatic scores in Europe.
The surname of the family is often rendered as Montgomerie and she signed herself as S. Eglintoune.
There is reason to suspect that Gofraid may be identical to Gofraid mac Sitriuc, King of the Isles.
She was the daughter of Prince Jean, Duke of Guise and Princess Isabelle of Orléans.
He was ruler of the principality of Anhalt-Dessau from 1618 to 1660.
Zhao Xing was the second son of King Zhao Yingqi, and his mother was a Han Chinese woman called Jiushi.
Prince Isarasundhorn begged his father to no avail to return the princess to the palace.
Weakened by illness, Diocletian left the imperial office on 1 May 305, and became the first Roman emperor to abdicate the position voluntarily.
He was overthrown and killed by Min Bin, then governor of Sandoway in 1531.
No inscription of Purugupta has been found so far.
Sharif Moulay Abdallah,17 June 2010 at Rabat),
She bore the King two sons, Dutugemunu and Saddhatissa.
After Li Heng became emperor, he posthumously honored Li Cong as an emperor.
Duke Paul Frederick of Mecklenburg was a member of the House of Mecklenburg-Schwerin and a German soldier and sailor.
Catherine de Clèves was the wife of Henry, Duke of Guise, and matriarch of the numerous and influential House of Guise.
She was the Abbess of Saint-Antoine-des-Champs, an abbey in the Villejuif suburb of Paris.
Grand Duke Michael Alexandrovich of Russia was the youngest son and fifth child of Emperor Alexander III of Russia and youngest brother of Nicholas II.
During her lifetime, Olga's future marriage was the subject of great speculation within Russia.
The dynasty started by Alfonso was known in contemporary Al-Andalus as the Beni Alfons.
His eldest son, Henry II of Ligny, succeeded him.
Princess Eleanor held this title and status for two months only.
She was born in Coburg, the eldest child of Francis, Duke of Saxe-Coburg-Saalfeld and Countess Augusta Reuss of Ebersdorf.
However, his murder of the Earl of Douglas leaves a stain on his reign.
Princess Maria Anna of Bavaria was Queen Consort of Saxony from 1836 to 1854.
Princess Marianne of Prussia was a member of the House of Hohenzollern, daughter of Prince Friedrich Wilhelm of Prussia.
Sayyid Majid bin Said Al-Busaidi was the first Sultan of Zanzibar.
According to Plutarch, he was an ally of the Roman triumvir Mark Antony.
Desislava of Bulgaria was daughter of Tsar Ivan Alexander of Bulgaria and his second wife Theodora, a converted Jewish woman.
Support for Mary grew very quickly and most of Jane's supporters abandoned her.
Before leaving for Chang'an, Zhao Yingqi had married a Yue woman and had his eldest son Zhao Jiande.
In 1126, the 18-year-old Bohemond, son of Bohemond I, the first prince of Antioch, arrived to claim his inheritance.
His titles are usually shortened to Duke of Brunswick in English-language sources.
He founded the Order of Merit of Holkar and the Order of Ahilyabai Holkar.
He succeeded to the throne after the death of King Ling of Zhou.
He was married in November 25, 1835 to the Princess Nāhiʻenaʻena when he was only 14; the princess was 6 years his senior.
In 1987, one year after his inauguration as Sultan, he became provincial chairman of the party in North Maluku.
She married Prince Heinrich XXXIII Reuss of Köstritz and had two children.
When his father became King of Spain in 1759, Philip remained in Naples where he lived until his death from smallpox at the age of thirty.
Baghdad, well defended by the river and its canals, resisted the attack; but in the end the caliph and Zengi, hopeless of success, escaped to Mosul.
Thus roused, Hermanfrid made a pact with the king of Metz, Theuderic I, to march against Baderic.
He was also ruler of Estonia, after its conquest by Sweden in 1561.
Thomas Beaufort, 1st Duke of Exeter, KG was an English military commander during the Hundred Years' War, and briefly Chancellor of England.
He is remembered for defeating the Ummayads in 721 as they advanced down the Garonne through Aquitaine.
He abdicated in 1398 during the strife between his sons and died in 1408.
Helen, is the assumed name of a medieval Swedish princess and Danish queen, Queen consort of King Canute V of Denmark.
Egbert sent Æthelwulf with an army to Kent, where he expelled the Mercian sub-king and was himself appointed sub-king.
He instigated a fierce and long-running but ultimately unsuccessful revolt against the English rule of Wales.
Sriranga III was the last ruler of the Vijayanagara Empire, who came to power in 1642 following the death of his uncle Venkata III.
Xenia of Tarusa was a daughter of Youri Mikhailovich, Prince of Tarusa, by conflicting sources she could have been a daughter of Citizen Youri of Novgorod.
Their son, Keʻeaumoku Nui, was considered the highest rank of Piʻo and the rightful successor in rank to his father and mother.
This article is about the Roman usurper.
His personal name was Lü Ji and ancestral name was Jiang.
Princess Benedikte often represents her elder sister at official or semi-official events.
Henry was the last king of England to win his throne on the field of battle.
Euphemia Stewart, Countess of Strathearn was a medieval Scottish noblewoman, the daughter of David Stewart, Earl Palatine of Strathearn and Caithness.
Botolph's monastery at Iken may have been built in commemoration of the king.
Francis II was King of the Two Sicilies from 1859 to 1861.
Praskovia Fyodorovna Saltykova was the tsaritsa of Russia as the only wife of Ivan V of Russia.
Queen Shin Bo-Me of Ava was his granddaughter.
Leopold IV Frederick, Duke of Anhalt was a German prince of the House of Ascania.
Upon returning to Malaysia, he soon became a judge and quickly rose through the legal ranks.
Her parents' marriage was annulled in 1152, and custody of Marie and her sister, Alix, was awarded to their father.
As Johann Wilhelm had syphilis the union produced no offspring, which, combined with her siblings' barrenness, meant that the Medici were on the verge of extinction.
Princess Pan was the first wife of the future Emperor Zhenzong of Song in imperial China's Song Dynasty.
Robert Young was a Hawaiian chief and the son of John Young, the British advisor of Kamehameha the Great.
Ferdinand I, Duke of Braganza, succeeded his father as second Duke of Braganza
King Tabinshwehti of Toungoo appointed Mingyi Swe, Bayinnaung's father, governor of Prome, restoring its former position of a provincial capital.
Sir Vijayrajaji was a botanist and ornithologist.
Al-Musta'sim, also known as al-Mu'tasim, served twice as Abbasid caliph of Cairo under the tutelage of the Mamluk sultans.
He married Princess Zorka of Montenegro, daughter of King Nicholas I, in 1883.
He was a nominal Emperor, as the Mughal Empire existed in name only and his authority was limited only to the city of Delhi.
She poisoned her son-in-law John of Portugal, and ordered the nose of her husband's mistress to be cut off.
He succeeded his short-lived brother Rafi Ul-Darjat in that year, being proclaimed Badshah by the Syed Brothers.
He is therefore often seen as the father of the Prussian nation, and even as indirectly responsible for the unification of Germany.
Osman Gazi;, sometimes transliterated archaically as Othman, was the leader of the Ottoman Turks and the founder of the Ottoman dynasty.
At the age of seven, Margaret was married in 1342 to Louis I of Hungary.
His sister Adelaide married Richard the Justiciar, duke of Burgundy.
He ruled over a pluralistic society with the popular support of Christians and Muslims alike.
However, the king was physically and mentally weak.
Zhao Dezhao immediately went to his palace and asked his guards for a sabre.
Nawaf bin Faisal bin Fahd bin Abdul Aziz is a member of House of Saud.
He ascended the throne of Brunei upon the abdication of his father, Sultan Sulaiman, and ruled Brunei from 1485 to 1524.
After the death of her father, she traveled every summer between 1898 and 1904 to her mother's native Russia.
The royal treasury was so depleted that Kyaswa had trouble completing a temple.
His father, who strongly opposed Béla's coronation, refused to give him a province to rule until 1220.
She was also the paternal grandmother of King Swa Saw Ke of Ava.
Albrecht, Duke of Saxe-Eisenach, was a ruler of the duchy of Saxe-Eisenach.
Ealhswith or Ealswitha was the wife of King Alfred the Great.
The Siamese King sent his brother, Prince Pichit Prichakorn, to Chiangmai to forward the King's proposal to Dara Rasmi.
Polotsk's Cathedral of Holy Wisdom is one of the most enduring monuments on the lands of modern Belarus and dates to his 57-year reign.
For a time, she ruled France as its regent.
They had 4 sons and 3 daughters
Ingeborg of Mecklenburg was a daughter of Albert II, Duke of Mecklenburg and his wife, Euphemia of Sweden.
Tuanku Najihah succeeded her sister, Tunku Durah, as Tunku Ampuan Besar in 1967.
Refusing to abdicate, his eyes were blinded, and he was cast into prison in 322 AH.
In particular, Zhu Xi wrote some of his most famous Neo-Confucianist works during this period.
Her first child died as an infant before being given a name, and Shammuah and Shobab were given names by David and Nathan the prophet.
Upon the death of his father in 2004, he became the titular Prince of Hohenlohe-Langenburg.
Their marriage was a formal arrangement and distant.
Julia Alapaʻi Kauwaʻa was a high chiefess of the Kingdom of Hawaii.
On the western side there is also a mosque 15 gaz in height, which has more than twenty doors.
Pedro I chose the Brazilian side and declared Brazil's independence from Portugal on 7 September 1822.
He was the only son of King Teimuraz I of Kakheti to have survived into adulthood.
The Tianqi Emperor, personal name Zhu Youxiao, was the 15th emperor of the Ming dynasty of China, reigning from 1620–1627.
Fujiwara no Hiroko, also known as Shijō no Miya, was an empress consort of Japan.
Alfonso VII, born Alfonso Raimúndez, called the Emperor, became the King of Galicia in 1111 and King of León and Castile in 1126.
Henry I was King of the Franks from 1031 to his death.
He married Gladys Milton Palmer on 28 June 1904.
He also participated in Sanjar's military campaign against the Great Seljuk Mahmud II, who ruled in western Iran and Iraq, in 1119.
The parties agreed upon a repurchase, however, only by the duke or his heirs for themselves, but not as a middleperson for someone else.
He was a son of Maharana Ari Singh II and younger brother of Maharana Hamir Singh II.
Maria Anna of Neuburg was a daughter of Anna Maria, Grand Duchess of Tuscany's first marriage to Philip William August of Neuburg.
A political liberal, he veered towards what he called "authoritarian republicanism".
Yoshihito, Prince Katsura was a member of the Imperial House of Japan and the second son of Takahito, Prince Mikasa and Yuriko, Princess Mikasa.
Hoşyar Kadın was a wife of Sultan Mahmud II of the Ottoman Empire.
Constance of Burgundy was the daughter of Duke Robert I of Burgundy and Helie de Semur-en-Brionnais.
Shortly after the outbreak of the revolt, Hussein declared himself 'King of the Arab Countries'.
Her mother was Queen Savang Vadhana, queen consort and cousin of King Chulalongkorn.
By 263, Odaenathus was in effective control of the Levant, Mesopotamia and Anatolia's eastern region.
His reign was marked by the Thirty Years' War.
Tengku Sulaiman Shah ibni Almarhum Sultan Salahuddin Abdul Aziz Shah is a Malaysian corporate figure and a member of the Selangor Royal Family.
Prior to his father's death in 1646, he was styled the Duc d'Enghien.
Corruptions and greedy officials continued to plague the government and as a result rebellions broke out throughout the country.
She came to power around the time of the Roman conquest of Britain, and formed a large tribal agglomeration that became loyal to Rome.
Their deaths allowed Germanicus' third son, Caligula, to become Rome's third emperor following the death of Tiberius in 37.
With the death of King Afonso Henriques in 1185, her husband ascended the throne and she became Queen consort of Portugal.
Jelek, Hülek or Üllő was the third son of Grand Prince Árpád.
Charles Felix was the Duke of Savoy, Piedmont, Aosta and King of Sardinia from 1821 to 1831.
Emperor Thành Thái of the Vietnamese Nguyen dynasty was born Prince Nguyễn Phúc Bửu Lân, son of Emperor Duc Duc and Empress Dowager Tu Minh.
By that time, the ties of Lorraine to France had become very strong.
Princess Marie "Mary" Henriette Adélaïde of Liechtenstein was a French-born British writer.
Nicholas II's first wife was Theodora of Serbia, daughter of Prince Lazar of Serbia.
He planned for further campaigns against the Romans but died in 453.
In November 1729, Bakar was promoted to lieutenant-general and appointed commander of artillery in the Moscow region.
After the death of her brother King Charles XII in 1718, she claimed the throne.
Margaret of L’Aigle was a Queen consort of Navarre, the first wife to García Ramírez of Navarre.
Mentewab, was Empress of Ethiopia, consort of Emperor Bakaffa, mother of Iyasu II and grandmother of Iyoas I.
He started his career as a commander in the army of the first Vietnamese emperor Đinh Bộ Lĩnh and rose to the position of commander-in-chief.
He campaigned against the Saxons to his east, Christianising them upon penalty of death and leading to events such as the Massacre of Verden.
He commissioned the compilation of at least two miscellanies of theological works.
In modern Turkish, hanımefendi is a spoken form of address for a woman whose name is not known, much like madam in English.
Most of the aristocracy preferred this to a regency led by the king's uncle, John of Gaunt, yet Gaunt remained highly influential.
All Bithynia was soon under Suleyman's control, a circumstance which allowed him to restrict communication between Constantinople and the former Byzantine subjects in Anatolia.
Emperor Duy Tân, was a boy emperor of the Nguyễn Dynasty and reigned for 9 years between 1907 and 1916.
He was the seventh son of Johann, Duke of Saxe-Weimar, and Dorothea Maria of Anhalt.
She is viewed by the Roman Catholic Church as a martyr and a Servant of God.
Therefore, much of the intepretation on history relied on earlier Chinese sources and legends.
Frederick Michael, Count Palatine of Zweibrücken-Birkenfeld was a member of the Wittelsbach dynasty.
At age seventeen he led a successful coup against Mortimer, the de facto ruler of the country, and began his personal reign.
Saw Yun successfully resisted two small expeditions by Pinya by 1317.
She was a daughter of Duke Magnus II of Mecklenburg, and Sophie of Pomerania-Stettin.
Edmund I, called the Elder, the Deed-doer, the Just, or the Magnificent, was King of the English from 939 until his death.
He was born in the Saxon duchy of Saxe-Coburg-Saalfeld, to a family connected to many of Europe's ruling monarchs.
Mallikarjuna Raya succeeded his father Deva Raya II, who had brought prosperity throughout the Vijayanagara empire as well as a golden age for the Sangama Dynasty.
He succeeded his father Shunten in 1237.
She was the daughter of Liudolf, Margrave of Frisia, and Gertrude of Egisheim.
Marella Agnelli, born Donna Marella Caracciolo di Castagneto is an Italian noblewoman, art collector, socialite, style icon and widow of former Fiat chairman Gianni Agnelli.
When Parantaka II became king, the Chola kingdom had shrunk to the size of a small principality.
The presents were carried by the returning Frankish mission that came to offer Harun friendship in 799.
Prince Filiberto pursed a career in the Royal Italian Army achieving the rank of General.
Henry was the second Tudor monarch, succeeding his father, Henry VII.
He succeeded his father Kulothunga Chola I to the throne in 1120 CE.
He created a pleasure garden for his wife Dorothea of Saxe-Lauenburg below Herzberg Castle.
Like other early Chu rulers, he held the hereditary noble rank of viscount first granted to his ancestor Xiong Yi by King Cheng of Zhou.
Francis I Rákóczi was a Hungarian aristocrat, elected prince of Transylvania and father of Hungarian national hero Francis Rákóczi II.
Following the death of his half-sister Ashraf Pahlavi on 7 January 2016, Gholamreza became the only living child of Reza Pahlavi.
She also had Concubine Qi's son Liu Ruyi poisoned to death.
William was nicknamed "the Good" only in the decades following his death.
Ajatashatru was a king of the Haryanka dynasty of Magadha in North India.
During many summers she visited her family in Jugenheim, where she had spent her childhood.
He, after a few years of hardships, reestablished the Vijaynagar rule in Penukonda, in present-day Andhra Pradesh.
His rule was overshadowed by the fierce conflict around the Bohemian throne in the 12th century.
From 1643 to 1650, political power lay mostly in the hands of Dorgon.
Pearce provides a short account of Baeda Maryam's reign.
Following the revolt by Ariobarzanes against the Persian king Artaxerxes II, in 365 BC, Cotys opposed him and Ariobarzanes' ally, Athens.
A scholar and an eminent historian, he made many valuable contributions to the study of Russian history in the reign of Tsar Alexander I.
Soviet historiography portrayed Nicholas as a weak and incompetent leader, whose decisions led to military defeats and the deaths of millions of his subjects.
In 299, Empress Jia agreed and took action.
Schloss Bruckberg was used as her sons' "educational establishment".
He was a son of Louis VIII, Landgrave of Hesse-Darmstadt, and Charlotte of Hanau-Lichtenberg and Müntzenberg.
She acted as the first lady of Prussia from 1810–40.
He also tested cannon for the Army of Württemberg, some of which can still be seen at Lichtenstein Castle, which he substantially rebuilt in the 1840s.
Mithridates II built this sanctuary to bury and honour the lives and the memories of Isias, her daughter Antiochis and her granddaughter Aka I of Commagene.
He was the first who had his ducal seat in the new palace of Augustenborg, and he ruled from 1647 until his death in 1689.
Emperor Taizong of Song, personal name Zhao Jiong, was the second emperor of the Song dynasty in China.
In 1969, he married fashion designer Diane von Fürstenberg, with whom he had two children Alexandre Egon and Tatiana Desirée.
She was generally called "Marie," the French version of her name, or by the Russian nickname "Masha."
He was the 836th Knight of the Order of the Golden Fleece in Austria.
She converted back to Hinduism before her death.
This branch was supported by the rising Uí Cheinnselaig, an Irish kindred responsible for Echmarcach's final expulsion from Dublin and apparently Mann as well.
Catherine had three miscarriages and produced no heirs.
Whatever the case, he did reign for a mere fourteen more months and died in early summer 925, some say after having contracted leprosy.
Fahd was appointed Crown Prince when Khalid succeeded his half-brother King Faisal, who was assassinated in 1975.
Although his authority did not extend beyond the immediate region around Prome, he became ensnarled in the Toungoo–Hanthawaddy War.
She was also the mother of King Hussein.
He is a member of the Nnofo Royal lineage and the successor to his father Eze Ukwu.
Zwelonke was born as Mpendulo Sigcawu to Xolilizwe Mzikayise Sigcawu and Queen Nozamile.
He was a son of Emperor Francis I and his wife, Empress Maria Theresa, thus the brother of Marie Antoinette.
By 25 January 1366 Albert married Catherine of Werle-Güstrow, daughter of Lord Nicholas III of Werle-Güstrow.
When his grandmother Dagi and the grand councillar Temuder died in 1322, his opponents seemed to have triumphed.
Under the leadership of Simon of Montfort a campaign was launched.
As an Ayutthayan general, he fought alongside his brother in various campaigns against Burmese invaders and the local warlords.
Ilyas Shah and his successors embraced Indo-Aryanization and adapted themselves to Bengali culture and society.
William became sole ruler upon her death in 1694.
He enacted the constitution of the Serbian Empire, known as Dušan's Code, perhaps the most important literary work of medieval Serbia.
On 16 May 1987, in Oakville, Hermann married Deborah Cully, daughter of Robert and Myrna Ruth Cully.
He used the title Duke of Braganza.
She was taken to Mrauk-U, after her father surrendered to the joint forces of Raza II and Minye Thihathu II of Toungoo in 1599.
Duke Xiao of Chen, given name Tu, was the fourth ruler of the ancient Chinese state of Chen during the Western Zhou dynasty.
Hostilities soon emerged and Ofinran and his men decided to leave for a town called Kusu.
Her first cousin, Marian Montagu Douglas Scott, was the paternal grandmother of Sarah, Duchess of York, former wife of Alice’s great-nephew, Prince Andrew, Duke of York.
He was a member of the Alaouite dynasty.
He was emperor in title for six years, but left all affairs to state to rivalling factions.
Coenwulf's coinage reappears in 805, indicating that the kingdom was again under Mercian control.
He was the brother of Frederick I of Württemberg
The Duke of Kent was appointed Field-Marshal of the Forces on 3 September 1805.
She only attested one charter, dated 901, where she was described as conjux regis.
He was given the title of veliki vojvoda of Grahovo, and is thus also known as Vojvoda Mirko.
The five female monarchs before Kōken/Shōtoku were Suiko, Kōgyoku/Saimei, Jitō, Genmei, and Genshō; and the two women sovereigns reigning after Kōken/Shōtoku were Meishō, and Go-Sakuramachi.
Although Dubhghall is last recorded resisting the encroachment of Scottish overlordship, the Scots succeeded in wrenching control of the Isles from the Norwegians in 1266.
Smiltsena was the niece of Byzantine Emperor Michael VIII Palaiologos, and empress-consort of Tsar Smilets of Bulgaria.
In 1848, German-nationalist sympathies prompted a rebellion in Schleswig-Holstein against Danish rule.
His personal name was Tián Yǎn, and ancestral name Gui.
Her mother was On Bunnag, daughter of Lord Surabandh Bisudhi.
Countess Marisa Allasio is a retired Italian actress of the 1950s.
Abdullah bin Faisal Al Saud is a member of House of Saud.
She was the daughter of Constance of Antioch and her first husband Raymond of Poitiers.
As a reigning duchess of Lucca, she disregarded the constitution imposed by the Congress of Vienna.
Albert would often quarrel with members of Joanna Sophia's family, such as their brother-in-law Wenceslaus, King of the Romans and his half-brother Sigismund, Holy Roman Emperor.
He was the only Maharaja to take a medical degree and other degrees.
He is the son of Sheikh Suhaim bin Hamad Al Thani, the granduncle of the current Emir of Qatar, Tamim bin Hamad Al Thani.
He reigned as King of Poland and Grand Duke of Lithuania from 8 November 1632 to his death in 1648.
Little is recorded of Eardwulf's family, though his father, also named Eardwulf, is known to have been a nobleman.
Joan's mother Isabella had previously been the queen-consort of Richard II of England, a childless marriage.
He began serving his brother, King Robert, against the Ghibellines of Uguccione della Faggiuola in Tuscany.
She became a queen of her brother-in-law Sithu II in 1174 when Sithu II overthrew Naratheinkha.
Ferdinand was canonized in 1671 by Pope Clement X and, in Spanish, he is known as Fernando el Santo, San Fernando or San Fernando Rey.
After the fall of Napoleon, Joseph styled himself Comte de Survilliers.
Princess Lakshmi thus became Crown Princess Lakshmi and was her father's heiress.
Domitia Longina was an Empress of Rome and wife to the Roman Emperor Domitian.
Noghès was descended from the first Spanish commander of the Monaco garrison.
Gertrude-Olisava, princess of Poland, was the daughter of King Mieszko II of Poland and Queen Richeza of Lotharingia, and the great-granddaughter of German Emperor Otto II.
He was a petit-fils de France at birth, and was initially known as Louis Antoine d'Artois.
Kuang was succeeded by his brother King Ding of Zhou.
He died on 7 February 1596 and the Landgraviate was passed to his son Louis.
She is also known as Princess Kiko.
He ascended the throne and married his brother's chief queen, Saw Nan-Hset.
His reign was from 1661 to 1687.
Before his imperial election, Frederick was by inheritance Duke of Swabia.
In October 1920, she returned to Athens on the fatal illness of her grandson, King Alexander.
In a copper plate grant describes the fort of Kilagila as his capital.
Rudolph's relationships with his other neighbours were friendlier.
He was given the posthumous name Wai Ren and was succeeded by his son He Dan Jia.
Norodom Sihamoni is the King of Cambodia, which he became on 14 October 2004.
She currently works at the Judiciary of the Kingdom of Bhutan as President of the Bhutan National Legal Institute.
He was proclaimed as emperor by his father Orestes, the magister militum of the Roman army after forcing Emperor Julius Nepos to leave Italy.
During this period, King Øystein served as regent for his brother, using his energy and willpower to create a strong and stable country.
She was an aunt of Empress Xiaozheyi, the Tongzhi Emperor's empress consort.
In 1523, due to Nitypal weak rulership, the Ahoms took advantage and attacked the kingdom at its weakest state, they conquered Sadiya and killed Nityapal.
Rilwan Babatunde Osuolale Aremu Akiolu is the incumbent traditional Oba of Lagos.
Dom Ferdinand I, sometimes called the Handsome or occasionally the Inconstant, was the King of Portugal and the Algarve from 1367 until his death in 1383.
His personal name, which is not used in any formal or official context, except for his signature, was Mutsuhito.
K'ung Te-ch'eng was a 77th generation descendant of Confucius in the main line of descent.
She was the mother of Margherita, Queen of Italy.
On the death of his father, in 511, he divided the kingdom of the Franks with his three brothers: Theuderic I, Childebert I, and Clotaire I.
She is the daughter of the 4th King of Bhutan Jigme Singye Wangchuck and Queen Mother Ashi Tshering Pem.
His previous experience as King of Naples and Sicily proved valuable.
However, it was later proven that Anastasia did not escape.
Anne of Cyprus was a Duchess of Savoy by marriage to Louis, Duke of Savoy.
Thereafter she was styled Countess of Blois.
He ruled as margrave of Brandenburg-Ansbach from 1603 to 1625, succeeding his cousin George Frederick and succeeded by his son Frederick III.
She was the mother of her husband's successor and the second Chhatrapati, Sambhaji.
Princess Victoria Adelaide of Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg-Glücksburg was the consort of Charles Edward, Duke of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha and maternal grandmother of Carl XVI of Sweden.
The execution of King Charles in 1649 left her impoverished.
She is also a prolific abstract sculptor, working mainly in stainless steel as well as stone-printed lithography.
He was appointed consul ordinarius in 352.
She had outlived her mother, Blanche, by only one year.
She was very close to her other brother, Robert Curthose, and was educated by the abbess Matilda.
Osred was adopted as Wilfrid's son at this time.
The Continental System caused recurring diplomatic conflicts between France and its client states, especially Russia.
The date of his baptism is unknown.
Sethu Parvathi Bayi was distantly related by birth to the royal house of Travancore in the direct female line.
Count Karl Leopold von Schlieben was the Royal Prussian Minister of War between 1769 and 1772.
During his last years he was very interested in alchemy.
She was proclaimed queen under the regency of Adam of Baghras.
He also bears the title Knight of the Order of the Golden Fleece in Austria.
She acted as regent for two years.
In the Vietnamese name below, Nguyễn Phúc is the surname.
Prince Anton of Hohenzollern-Sigmaringen was a German prince and soldier.
Queen Savang Vadhana of Siam was a consort of King Chulalongkorn or Rama V and his half sister.
His father Shō Tetsu died when Shō Boku was still alive, so he became the Heir apparent of the kingdom.
Following Ibn Ra'iq's murder, al-Ikhshid reimposed his control over northern Syria, only to have it challenged by the Hamdanids.
She was also the chief queen of Toungoo from 1584 to 1597 when Toungoo was a vassal state of Toungoo Empire.
Hürrem Sultan, principal consort of Suleiman the Magnificent, was the first holder of this title.
His father was killed in battle by his successor Decius in 249.
Emperor Jing of Northern Zhou周靜帝), personally name né Yuwen Yan, later Yuwen Chan, was the last emperor of the Xianbei dynasty Northern Zhou.
Alys of France, Countess of Vexin was the daughter of King Louis VII of France and his second wife, Constance of Castile.
Philip actively supported his Valois cousin with his troops and as army leader, especially during the onset of the Hundred Years' War.
Dona Maria I was Queen of Portugal, Brazil, and the Algarves.
Different scholars have interpreted it differently, leading to a number of speculations about Kharavela's reign.
His name Khun Luang Pa Ngua literary means the fifth prince.
Very little is known on his life and his reign as King.
When his brother Frederick became king in 1740, Augustus became heir-apparent and moved into the Fredrick's former residence, the Crown Prince's Palace in Berlin.
During Nazi Germany's occupation of Denmark, Frederick acted as regent on behalf of his father from 1942 until 1943.
He was succeeded by his son, Ishpuini of Urartu, who then expanded the kingdom.
Commagene remained under Roman rule until Roman Emperor Caligula restored the kingdom to Antiochus’ children in 38 AD.
His lifeless body was spotted from a helicopter, thus bringing the search to a tragic end.
In 1929, he married his first cousin Princess Märtha of Sweden.
She dedicated the rest of her life to the work at the hospital.
Born to descendants of Portuguese nobility, Castro Curvelo de Heredia worked as an assets manager prior to her marriage.
Fa Ndeb means "the young" in Serer.
Little is known about Anna's life and even her origins remain disputed by historians.
He died in 1596 and was buried in Najaf, one of the holiest cities of Shia Islam.
The prince was a favourite son of both the King and Queen.
Under his command, the Harikelan armies also successfully fought the Pala Empire and possibly the Kambojas of northern Bengal.
Inder Singh Kudrat is an Indian jeweller and Master Craftsman who specialised in kundan meenakari.
Vasili IV of Russia was Tsar of Russia between 1606 and 1610 after the murder of False Dmitriy I.
The treaty stipulated that Henry rule in Schwerin and Albert in Güstrow, without a de facto division of the country.
Nicholas of Ilok was Ban of Croatia, Slavonia, Dalmatia and Macsó, Voivode of Transylvania and titular King of Bosnia from 1471 until his death.
Serbia was a Slavic principality subject to the Byzantine Empire, located in the western Balkans, bordering with Bulgaria in the east.
The Duchess delivered a girl, almost six weeks premature, on 10 December 1820 at St James's Palace.
Cleopatra was a member of the Ptolemaic dynasty, a Greek family of Macedonian origin that ruled Egypt after Alexander the Great's death during the Hellenistic period.
Rusa I was decisively defeated in this war and Urartu was once more subjugated, being forced to pay large annual tributes to Assyria.
Helena was educated by private tutors chosen by her father and his close friend and adviser, Baron Stockmar.
Qutb al-Din Muhammad died in 1127 and was succeeded by his son Atsiz.
Samprati was an emperor of the Maurya dynasty.
He traced his ancestry through his father, Tasfa Iyasus, to Dil Na'od, the last King of Axum.
Sophia Alekseyevna ruled as regent of Russia from 1682 to 1689.
Although greatly obstructed by Ranavalona's policies, French and British political interests in Madagascar remained undiminished.
Karoline was the daughter of Count Johann Wilhelm von Manderscheid-Blankenheim zu Geroldseck and Countess Johanna Maximiliana Franziska von Limburg-Stirum.
After Alexander's death, Venizelos' defeat in the 1920 legislative elections, and a plebiscite in favor of his return, Constantine was reinstated.
Albert III of Saxe-Lauenburg was a son of John I, Duke of Saxony and Ingeborg Birgersdotter of Småland, a daughter or granddaughter of Birger Jarl.
Christopher was injured during the Battle of Helsingborg in 1362.
There is considerable evidence indicating that Fergus was married to a bastard daughter of Henry I, King of England.
Henrietta Maria of France was queen consort of England, Scotland, and Ireland as the wife of King Charles I.
Meanwhile, Kanyaza Nge ruled Tagaung, and was followed by a dynasty of 31 kings to the 5th century BCE.
After Emperor Go-Reizei's death in the same year, Hiroko became a nun.
In 626 BC King Cheng tried to make his other son Prince Zhi the new crown prince.
In 881, David I was murdered by his cousin Nasra, the eldest son of Guaram Mampali.
By 497, Xiaowen had destroyed the conspiracies and forced Yuan Xun to commit suicide.
Ultimately, he forced his father to abdicate and David became a king in 1154 or 1155.
He was the eldest but estranged son of George II of Great Britain and Caroline of Ansbach, as well as the father of King George III.
Richard III was King of England from 1483 until his death in 1485, at the age of 32, in the Battle of Bosworth Field.
Eric died in 1359, and Haakon became co-ruler of Sweden with his father three years later.
As Siam was threatened by Western expansionism, Chulalongkorn, through his policies and acts, managed to save Siam from colonisation.
Johann Georg II, Duke of Saxe-Eisenach, was a duke of Saxe-Eisenach.
Itzamnaaj K'awiil was a Mayan king of Dos Pilas.
Tatjana is the former wife of the late Moritz, Landgrave of Hesse, from 1980 head of the House of Hesse.
Durvinita is seen as the most successful ruler of the Western Ganga dynasty.
He succeeded Ælfwald, son of his mother's brother Oswulf, who was murdered by the patricius Sicga.
She was the second daughter of Archduke Albert, Duke of Teschen and Princess Hildegard of Bavaria.
Cædwalla was unable to hold the South Saxon territory, however, and was driven out by Æthelwealh's ealdormen.
George's elder brother ascended the throne as Edward VIII upon the death of their father in 1936.
Their capital seems to have been Puri and their places of note were Hamjaman probably Sanjan in Dahanu, Thane, Sopara, Chaul, Lonad and than.
He later played a prominent role of adopting the Perak's state anthem, Allah Lanjutkan Usia Sultan which was later used as the national anthem of Malaysia.
Htilominlo was king of Pagan dynasty of Burma from 1211 to 1235.
Shō On was the eldest grandson of the former king, Shō Boku.
James succeeded to the Scottish throne at the age of thirteen months, after his mother Mary was compelled to abdicate in his favour.
She was suffering from paralytic ileus and lung infection.
Adi Malla, also known as Bagdi Raja, was the founder of the Mallabhum sometime in the 7th century C.E.
In all the three brothers altogether ruled for between 16–20 years by succeeding one another[*].
Louis, Prince Napoléon, as Napoleon VI was the pretender to the Imperial throne of France of the Bonaparte dynasty from 1926 until his death.
John II, the Perfect Prince, was the king of Portugal and the Algarves in 1477/1481–1495.
Her second husband was Louis IV of France.
Henry and Theobald were married to daughters of Louis VII and Eleanor of Aquitaine.
Despite the setback, Adalbert continued to give active support to the construction of a fleet.
Their son was maybe King Mu of Chu.
Zhu Wenjin was a general of, and later a claimant of the throne of, the Chinese Five Dynasties and Ten Kingdoms Period state Min.
An early exponent of guerrilla warfare, he brought the house of Bhonsle into prominence.
Marie of Baden was a Duchess consort of Brunswick-Wolfenbüttel and Brunswick-Oels.
Theinkhathu Saw Hnaung was governor of Sagu in the Kingdom of Ava in the late 14th century.
From her three older and younger siblings, two survive adulthood: Dorothea Auguste and Christian Adolph, Duke of Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg.
Although disappointed by the results of the Congress of Berlin in 1878, Alexander abided by that agreement.
Four years later, following the death of his brother Daniil Romanovich, he became the governor of Tver.
Anastasia of Kiev was Queen of Hungary as the wife of King Andrew the White.
He was given the title Duke of Östergötland.
Albert had bequeathed all his realms to his future son on his deathbed, but only the Estates of Austria accepted his last will.
Pybba was an early King of Mercia.
Uroš III then married Maria in 1324.
Chand Bibi, was an Indian Muslim regent and warrior.
Some sources call her Kaheiheimaile rather than Kaheiheimālie.
Grand Duchess Vera was known in royal circles as an eccentric both in appearance and behavior.
Under his leadership, the port of Martaban became an international entrepôt, and grew tremendously wealthy.
He was called the rakshakarta and svami.
Seven years later, the Chronicle of the Kings of Alba says:
In the spring of 1257, he fell ill at Konghelle while preparing to travel to Oslo.
Haseki Sultan was the imperial title used for the chief consort of an Ottoman Sultan.
With English help, he briefly ruled parts of the country in three periods between 1332 and 1336.
During Khosrov’s reign, two generals, Vache Mamikonian and Vahan Amatuni, distinguished themselves for their valor in battle, often coming to help the king.
Their marriage took place in the summer of 1964 in Gießen.
His contemporaries considered Henry in his prime to be an attractive, educated and accomplished king.
Both were certainly minor at the time of his father's death.
Dorothea Marie of Saxe-Gotha-Altenburg was the wife of Ernst Ludwig I, Duke of Saxe-Meiningen.
Godfrey was not willing to do so and war broke out, especially over disputes about authority over the abbey of Sint-Truiden.
We have no definite details about this Chola or his reign.
This had effectively plunged the state into a seething cauldron of discontent with clashes between traditional chiefs and the British.
Manuel Maurozomes fought on behalf of Kaykhusraw in 1205 and 1206.
The Brunei History Centre suggests that this was the Brunei sultan Abdul Majid Hasan, but there is so far no evidence for this assumption.
Following his death, Queen Victoria entered a period of intense mourning and Alice spent the next six months acting as her mother's unofficial secretary.
She is fourth in the line of succession to the Norwegian throne, after her brother Haakon, and his two children.
Gao Shengtai was the ruler of the Dazhong Kingdom.
Tvrtko's sudden death in 1391 prevented him from solidifying the Kotromanić hold on Croatian lands.
Abu Mansur Sabuktigin, also spelled as Sabuktagin, Sabuktakin, Sebüktegin and Sebük Tigin, was the founder of the Ghaznavid dynasty, ruling from 977 to 997.
After the death of his brother Henry III in 1383, he ruled Mecklenburg jointly with Henry's son Albert IV until his own death in 1384.
David II was King of Scots from 1329 until his death, and the last male of the House of Bruce.
Prince Alexis Karageorgevitch, or Karađorđević, was the head of the senior branch of the House of Karageorgevitch and a claimant to the Serbian throne.
Louise of the Netherlands was the Queen of Sweden and Norway as spouse of King Charles XV of Sweden and IV of Norway.
In 1258, they founded a Cistercian monastery named Mariensee, where members of the Johannine line could be buried.
He and Maria founded the House of Braganza-Saxe-Coburg and Gotha, which would rule Portugal until 1910.
Şehsuvar Hanım was the first wife of Abdülmecid II, the last Caliph of the Muslim world.
She was politically active by the standards of her day.
Johanna Elisabeth of Baden-Durlach, was a Duchess of Württemberg by marriage.
She has a younger sister, Infanta Cristina, and a younger brother, King Felipe VI.
Charles fathered numerous illegitimate offspring by his mistresses whom he acknowledged.
Two months later they separated and on 8 January 1938, they were divorced in New York City.
Stephen took steps to solidify his new regime, but faced threats both from neighbouring powers and from opponents within his kingdom.
It is said that he barred the commoners from profiting from the communal forests and lakes.
He ascended the throne of Fergana in 1495 at the age of twelve and faced rebellion from his own relatives.
She was a relative of Ranavalona I, Queen of Madagascar.
With her father's powerful protection, Hiroko maintained a flashy palace and held poetry competitions.
The Kőszegis, the Csáks, and other powerful families autonomously governed their domains, rising up nearly every year in open rebellion against Andrew.
Anne subsequently had three miscarriages, and by March 1536, Henry was courting Jane Seymour.
Because of this, he is in the line of succession to the British Throne.
While in the eastern provinces, he came into conflict with the governor of Syria, Gnaeus Calpurnius Piso.
He was also regarded as the father of modern medicine and public health of Thailand.
According to Irish sources, one quarter of Ireland perished from pestilence in 1095 alone.
Onneca Fortúnez or Iñiga Fortúnez was a Basque princess from the Kingdom of Pamplona, later known as the Kingdom of Navarre.
Isabella arrived in England at the age of 12 during a period of growing conflict between the king and the powerful baronial factions.
However, the young king quickly proved to be a tyrant.
He became the de facto ruler of Mysore as Sarvadhikari by 1761.
Upon his death in 1668, he was entombed in the royal mausoleum Tamaudun, and was succeeded by his eldest son, Shō Tei.
She was born to George William, Elector of Brandenburg and Elizabeth Charlotte of the Palatinate.
Louis II was Prince of Monaco from 27 June 1922 until 9 May 1949.
At the end Telets was deserted by his Slavic auxiliaries, who deserted to the emperor, who won the field, but chose to return home in triumph.
She was also the mother of Emperor Babur, the founder of the Mughal Empire of India as well as its first emperor.
He died suddenly in 696, thought by some to be an assassination.
Duke Xian was a younger son of Duke Gui of Qi.
Waleran of Luxembourg is one of the protagonists in Le Tournoi de Chauvency by trouvère Jacques Bretel.
Alfonso's mother was Mercedes, Princess of Asturias, but she died in childbirth in 1904.
Johann Karl August, Count of Leiningen-Dagsburg-Falkenburg was a German nobleman.
He commissioned the construction of two lavish palaces and the Neuschwanstein Castle, and was a devoted patron of the composer Richard Wagner.
Coloman fled from Hungary but returned around 19 July 1095 when his uncle died.
They moved to Brazil during or after the war, and lived the remainder of their lives there.
His light governance of the people was due to the Taoist influences of his mother, Empress Dou.
Prince Adalberto pursued a career in the Royal Italian Army achieving the rank of General.
Hedwig Sophia of Brandenburg was Landgravine consort and Regent of Hesse-Kassel.
Kirill's stepfather adopted him and his sister so Prince Iskander was renamed Kirill Nikolaievich Androsov.
He was the son of Shamsher Bahadur I and the grandson of Shreemant Peshwa Bajirao I
Elisabeth of Württemberg was by birth a Duchess of Württemberg and by marriage an Archduchess of Austria.
Louis IV, called d'Outremer or Transmarinus, reigned as king of West Francia from 936 to 954.
Sigismund added the duchy of Mazovia to the Polish state after the death, in 1529, of the last of its Piast dynasty rulers.
Vitashoka became a monk and practised austerities rigorously.
She and James II founded the Monastery of Pedralbes, a Franciscan convent of the Poor Clares.
Of the sixteen children ten survived to adulthood.
Minye Kyawswa was heir apparent of Burma from 1593 to 1599, and viceroy of Ava from 1587 to 1593.
In various sources, she is often known simply as Madame de Chevreuse.
She became a widow on 30 November 1600 when her nephew Natshinnaung assassinated Nanda.
She was the eldest daughter of King Philip V of France and Joan II of Burgundy.
Umberto II, was the last King of Italy.
After making his way to Cairo, Mamluk Egypt, al-Mustansir was installed as Caliph there by the Mamluk Sultan Baybars I in 1261.
He is recognised as the greatest of the Early Cholas.
Maria Isabelle of Naples and Sicily was a member of the French Royal Family.
In 1291 he succeeded his father Nasiruddin Bughra Khan.
Bermond, ancestor of the Barons de Cayla
The name Aurelius points to a close connection with the imperial house of the Nerva–Antonine dynasty.
At the time of his death, he was reigning as Count of Poitiers, as his mother had ceded the county to him.
In the Records of the Grand Historian he was listed by Sima Qian as the twenty-first Shang king, succeeding his older brother Xiao Xin.
She is sister to the current king, Mohammed VI and Prince Moulay Rachid.
Huai Ying refused to escape with him but agreed not to reveal his plan.
His reorganization of the empire laid the foundations for the later Mughal emperors, notably Akbar, son of Humayun.
Nedum Cheralathan was a Chera king of the Sangam period in ancient South India, contemporary to the Chola ruler Perunarkilli.
According to the contemporary historian Polydore Vergil, simple "greed" underscored the means by which royal control was over-asserted in Henry's final years.
He was the eldest son of James IV and his queen consort Margaret Tudor.
She bore the surname Yuan, originally Tuoba.
In 1233 Henry married Isabella de Lusignan, the daughter of Hugh I of Cyprus and Alice of Champagne.
The throne of Sukhothai at Pitsanulok, however, was succeeded by his brother Prince Chettathirat.
She was the wife of Victor Amadeus III of Sardinia whom she married in 1750.
Charles II of Spain was the last Habsburg ruler of Spain.
Less than two years later in 907, Zhu made his final move against Emperor Ai himself, forcing the young emperor to abdicate to him.
In 1634, Thalun moved the capital to Ava and crowned himself king of Ava and made his brother Minye Kyawswa crown prince, Maha Uparaja.
He is also known as Kadalpirakoottiya Vel Kelu Kuttuvan, Senguttavan, and Chenkuttuvan.
In 1910 they moved to Russia, where Nicholas recognized her as Grand Duchess Victoria Feodorovna.
According to the Anonymous Bulgarian chronicle, "the Turks killed Asen and a great number of Bulgarians"; according to Ottoman chronicles "many jannisaries perished" in the battle.
Louis de Bourbon, was a prince du sang as a member of the reigning House of Bourbon at the French court of Louis XIV.
Jacobite claims to the throne of Great Britain following the death of Henry Benedict Stuart descend from her through her daughter Anne Marie, Queen of Sardinia.
Prince Sixtus of Bourbon-Parma was a son of Robert I, the last reigning Duke of Parma.
Shishman was a contender for the Bulgarian throne in exile, third son of tsar Michael Shishman.
Some of the most noted Kannada poets of the medieval period, such as Chamarasa and Kumara Vyasa gained his patronage.
As a military officer, he took part in the Spanish Civil War.
In 1785, he bought the park and palace in Friedrichsfelde, which he rebuilt in luxurious beauty.
As such, she was styled Princess of Beira.
Queen Farida, born Safinaz Zulficar was the first wife of King Farouk.
Al-Muqtafi was the Abbasid Caliph in Baghdad from 1136 to 1160.
Eugénie was born in Grotta Ferrata, Italy.
Prince Nashimoto Moriosa, was the founder of a collateral line of the Japanese imperial family.
In 1913, his father was assassinated and Andrew's elder brother, Constantine, became king.
Her name is mentioned in the Boril obituary in the following manner:
Earlier, he had been a general in the Royal Danish Army as well as the Danish Governor-general of Norway.
Pope Stephen V even addressed him as "King" in a letter written in 885.
He became king after his father Stenkil's death, and he may have ruled together with his brother Inge the Elder.
She is one of only six native British chieftains whose name is known.
He was the first owner of the New Michael Palace on the Palace Quay in Saint Petersburg.
On 24 May 1826, Isabel Maria was given the title of "Duchess of Goiás", the style of Highness and the right to use the honorific "Dona".
Prince Umberto of Savoy-Aosta was a member of the Aosta branch of the House of Savoy and was styled the Count of Salemi.
Gilberto François "Betico" Croes was an Aruban political activist who was a proponent of Aruba's separation from the rest of the Netherlands Antilles.
One of them was the future Emperor Yingzong, who was eventually chosen and designated as the Crown Prince.
In 1864, his son Frederick of Augustenborg proclaimed himself rightful Duke of Schleswig and Holstein.
As Leo's closest male relative, he was named successor upon his grandfather's death.
She was the Queen mother of George Tupou V and the reigning King Tupou VI.
The general Jean-Pierre Boyer came to power and reunited the two parts of Haiti.
He was the son of Jean de Laval, who was the brother of Guy XV and the son of Guy XIV and Isabella of Brittany.
In many of the countries he has visited it has been the first visit by an Ahmadiyya caliph.
The Balearic Islands are commemorating the centenary of the death of Archduke Ludwig Salvator during 2015.
Xiao'ao succeeded his father Ruo'ao, who died in 764 BC.
Princess Kira of Prussia was the fourth child and second daughter of Louis Ferdinand, Prince of Prussia and Grand Duchess Kira Kirillovna of Russia.
Aelfwine was still a boy at the time, and the title may have been intended to designate him as the heir of the childless Ecgfrith.
She made the portraits of very well-known people, including Mustafa Kemal Atatürk and Pope Benedict XV.
He also did much to establish the regulations around the service to the Deity.
She was the daughter of Moulay Mohammed al-Tahar bin Hassan.
He was the second son of Peter III of Aragon and Constance of Sicily.
Soltan Ali Mirza was a Barrister at Law from France and resided in Paris, France.
She has two sons and one daughter: Sharif Moulay Abdallah, Sharif Moulay Youssef and Sharifa Lalla Joumala, ambassador of Morocco to the United Kingdom since 2009.
King Yi of Zhou sided with Marquis of Ji and executed Duke Ai by boiling him to death.
The public revelation of the wedding shortly after caused a huge scandal, and Aspasia temporarily left Greece.
The king's ineffectiveness as a ruler and despotic behavior contributed to declining popularity among the people of Avaradrano.
Djoumbé Fatima, also known as Djoumbé Soudi, was queen of Mohéli in Comoros from the age of five until her death.
Her wealth contributed to the popularity of psychoanalysis, and enabled Freud's escape from Nazi Germany.
Mehmed V Reşâd was the 35th and penultimate Ottoman Sultan.
He returned to Siam with a Russian wife, Catherine Na Phitsanulok and an honorary commission in a Hussar regiment.
They fought on elephants in single combat and both died, leaving the throne to Chao Sam Phraya.
In 1032 he regained power in one of the three districts, then united the country, making good use of the remaining power structures.
She served as regent of Florence during the absence of her spouse.
He reached Rome in April 689, and was baptised by Pope Sergius I on the Saturday before Easter, dying ten days later on 20 April 689.
Der Ling continued to write and published seven more books.
He was born in Wilfersdorf, in what is now Lower Austria.
As such, she is the older sister of Emperor Akihito.
Henry II was the last crowned King of Jerusalem and also ruled as King of Cyprus.
He was the only legitimate son of King Denis of Portugal by his wife Elizabeth of Aragon.
Saw Hnit succeeded as "king" after his father was forced to abdicate the throne by the three brothers of Myinsaing in December 1297.
Juraj IV Zrinski,, was a Croatian count, a member of the Zrinski noble family.
The Jurchen ruler, Emperor Taizong, gave the former Emperor Huizong a title, Duke Hunde, to humiliate him.
According to the Anglo-Saxon Chronicle Cenwalh was succeeded as ruler for about one year by his wife Seaxburh.
Frederick Francis II was a Prussian officer and Grand Duke of Mecklenburg-Schwerin from 7 March 1842 until 15 April 1883.
Prince Georgy Konstantinovich of Russia, was the youngest son of Grand Duke Konstantin Konstantinovich of Russia and his wife Grand Duchess Yelizaveta Mavrikiyevna.
Damat Prince Muhammad Abdel Moneim Beyefendi was an Egyptian prince and former heir apparent to the throne of Egypt and Sudan from 1899 to 1914.
She had several siblings, including Mihály Szilágyi, who had an important role after the death of Elizabeth's husband, John Hunyadi.
Hussein, a constitutional monarch, had inherited a young kingdom and the then Jordanian controlled West Bank when he was a 17-year old schoolboy.
He was appointed as a Marshal of France by Napoleon, though the two had a turbulent relationship.
By Æthelweard's account he died at the Battle of Tettenhall alongside his brothers in 910.
He received the title of Maharaja in 1911.
Charles V, called the Wise, was a monarch of the House of Valois who ruled as King of France from 1364 to his death.
Bosnian Ban Mladen I Šubić had started a campaign in Bosnia to exterminate the adherents of the Bosnian Church – the Bogumils.
He was succeeded by his half-brother Mehmed VI.
Shunbajunki died in 1248, and was succeeded by his son Gihon.
Roman Mstislavich, known as Roman the Great was a Rus’ prince, Grand Prince of Kiev.
In the 11th year of his reign, he ordered Wu Xian to pray at Shanchuan.
He held sway over the island of Molokai, and was its first supreme king ruling it without any oppositions.
He built palaces and gardens in the city of Kapurthala; his main palace Jagatjit Palace there was modelled on the Palace of Versailles.
The son, Prince of Palaing, died young at 10 in April 1804.
Although Islam was slowly spreading among the Turks before Saltuk, Saltuk’s conversion accelerated the conversion.
Domagoj was a duke of the Duchy of Croatia in 864–876 and the founder of the House of Domagojević.
Emperor Kōnin was the 49th emperor of Japan, according to the traditional order of succession.
During his turbulent reign, the chronicles relate that he had to fend off attacks from both Vikings and Moors.
The Emperor returned the Holy Crown of Hungary with which Matthias was crowned on 29 April 1464.
Later, his uncle Johann Wilhelm of Saxe-Weimar lost the Imperial favour.
Philip was forced to retreat and died from dysentry in Perpignan in 1285.
He married on 13 August 1782 at Schloss Dhaun, Amalie Zephyrine, the daughter of Philipp Joseph, Prince of Salm-Kyrburg.
A son of King Harald Hardrada, Magnus was in 1058 appointed nominal leader of an expedition into the Irish Sea while still only a child.
This alienated many in the Roman Army and led to a conspiracy to assassinate and replace him.
He was defeated and forced to flee Chang'an in 784 and was killed in flight.
For example, the story from the Annals of Lü Buwei says that the Duke waited three years to recall his ministers after Guan Zhong's death.
Veera Ballala III was the last great king of the Hoysala Empire.
Of the four children Teresa Cristina bore him, two boys died in infancy and a daughter of typhoid fever at the early age of 24.
Isabella deposed Edward, becoming regent on behalf of her son, Edward III.
Dedo’s dispute with the House of Walbeck continued with Lothair's son and successor Werner von Walbeck.
Rozala of Italy was a Countess of Flanders and Queen consort of the Franks.
He came to power by defeating his patricide predecessor, Udai Singh I in battles at Jawar, Darimpur and Pangarh.
Elisabeth of Denmark was Danish princess and a Duchess of Mecklenburg-Schwerin and later of Mecklenburg-Güstrow through marriage.
This article is about Viceroy Minkhaung I of Toungoo, not King Minkhaung I of Ava.
Tiridates I was King of Armenia beginning in 53 AD and the founder of the Arsacid dynasty of Armenia.
She was the eldest daughter and surviving child of King Charles IV of Spain and his wife Maria Luisa of Parma.
Richard I was King of England from 6 July 1189 until his death.
He ruled between May 1893 and 1896  during which he held the title of Pasha from the Ottoman Sultan.
Æthelred's wife, Osthryth, was a daughter of King Oswiu, one of the dominant 7th-century Northumbrian kings.
Sibylla brought the County of Maine to this marriage, which was annulled in 1124 on grounds of consanguinity.
Maria Theresa of Naples and Sicily was the last Holy Roman Empress and the first Empress of Austria by marriage to Francis II, Holy Roman Emperor.
Antonia Gordiana was the daughter of Emperor Gordian I and younger sister of Emperor Gordian II.
In France, Maria Luisa was reunited in exile with her parents.
Other sources place this most probably in the Mearns, either at Fetteresso following the Chronicle, or at Dunnottar following the Prophecy of Berchán.
Philip of Hesse-Philippsthal was the son of William VI, Landgrave of Hesse-Kassel and Hedwig Sophia of Brandenburg.
The messenger sent by Alice to Zengi was captured on the way by Baldwin, and was tortured and executed.
Rajendra Chola III was the son of Rajaraja Chola III who came to the Chola throne in 1246 CE.
Ranavalona tried to stave off colonization by strengthening trade and diplomatic relations with the United States and Great Britain throughout her reign.
In 1501, his attempt to recapture both cities went in vain as he was defeated by Muhammad Shaybani Khan.
She was originally a queen consort of Swa, and was given the title of Queen of the Northern Palace and Pinya in fief.
Vainyagupta was one of the lesser known kings of the Gupta dynasty.
Raj Singh II , was the Maharana of Mewar Kingdom.
He also served as a political affairs officer in UNPROFOR, in the former Yugoslavia, from 1994 to 1996.
Shah Alam II also authored his own Diwan of poems and was known by the pen-name Aftab.
He was the eldest son of the sixth Mughal emperor Aurangzeb and his chief consort Dilras Banu Begum.
The only information we have is from the fragmentary poems of Sangam in the Purananuru.
Chindasuinth was Visigothic King of Hispania, from 642 until his death in 653.
She worked as the executive vice-president with the other princesses:
Sophie was born at Villa Mon Repos on the island of Corfu in Greece.
During the times of Grand Master Martin Truchseß von Wetzhausen, von Tiefen tried to release the pressure between the Teutonic Order and the Kingdom of Poland.
When Ekathotsarot died in 1620, Prince Si Saowaphak succeeded his father on the throne.
He is chiefly known for his military exploits during Georgia’s wars against its Muslim neighbors.
He then went in exile to Alexandria, Egypt, where he died and was buried the following year.
Still according to traditional belief, Manuha and his family along with some 30,000 monks and artisans, were brought back to Pagan.
In Tiran’s foreign policy he was mainly concerned with the Sassanid King Shapur II.
He was succeeded as Duke of Austria by his co-ruling sons Albert I and Rudolph II.
Trusting only in his family, he made his many sons powerful feudal princes along the northern marches and the Yangtze valley.
He was the son of Johann Josef Adam.
Cetshwayo kaMpande was the king of the Zulu Kingdom from 1873 to 1879 and its leader during the Anglo-Zulu War of 1879.
In 1817, she married Charles Albert of Sardinia and subsequently became the Queen of Sardinia upon her husband's accession to the throne in 1831.
The king never recognised her as his daughter.
Louise was seven years younger than Frederick and two years older than his wife, Victoria, Princess Royal.
Sophie Amalie of Nassau-Siegen, was a German princess member of the House of Nassau in the branch of Nassau-Siegen, and by marriage Duchess consort of Courland.
On gaining the Odrysian kingdom the Athenians made him their ally.
On 30 June 1799, the 3-year-old Archduchess died of unknown causes at Hofburg Palace.
Henri Eugène Philippe Louis d'Orléans, Duke of Aumale was a leader of the Orleanists, a political faction in 19th-century France associated with constitutional monarchy.
She was the second wife of Charles VIII of Sweden, I of Norway.
He died in Moscow in 1750 and was interred at the Donskoy Monastery.
Ferdinand Bonaventura, 7th Prince Kinsky of Wchinitz and Tettau was the 7th Prince Kinsky of Wchinitz and Tettau.
When his father died in 1932, he became the head of the Royal House of Saxony.
Henry IV of Castile, King of the Crown of Castile, nicknamed the Impotent, was the last of the weak late medieval kings of Castile.
François Louis de Bourbon was Prince de Conti, succeeding his brother Louis Armand in 1685.
He was the eldest son of Emir Abdullahi Bayero.
John III was the King of Portugal and the Algarves from 13 December 1521 to 11 June 1557.
Baldwin made Aimery Constable of Jerusalem around 1180.
Sultan Sulaiman Shah I was the seventh Sultan of Kedah.
In 1760, he escorted the future bride of Josef II to Vienna.
She was instrumental in the Nordic Ring, a forum for the discussion of issues concerning race and eugenics.
He established friendly relations with many countries and tried to modernize his country.
He was a popular and capable ruler, and abolished domestic slavery in the state.
The young man seems really quite nice, is much liked in his regiment, and they have really been very well brought up.
Therefore, upon the guidance of another advisor, Chanur, Kamsa decided to marry Asti and Prapti, the daughters of Jarasandha, King of Magadha.
As the ruler of the Gupta Empire, he is known for forging alliances with many powerful families in the Ganges region.
The Magyar settlement between the Volga river and the Urals the mountains were named Lebedia soon to become Levedia after Levedi.
He was the son of a well known landlord and Reichsgraf Johan Friedrich von Medem and his second wife Luise Charlotte von Manteuffel.
Olaf Tryggvason was King of Norway from 995 to 1000.
In contrast to his three brothers who are praised for deeds as warriors, Magnus is said to "make peace between the men".
Adda was the third known ruler of the Anglo-Saxon Kingdom of Bernicia.
Melekber Hanimefendi was the second wife of Said Pasha, Wāli of Egypt and Sudan from 1854 until 1863.
She was the younger sister of Emperor Alexander III of Russia and the paternal aunt of Russia's last Emperor, Nicholas II.
The novelist Iamblichus living in Armenia at the time of his rule describes his reign as ‘in succession to his ancestors’.
She is a sister of Bagrat de Bagration and half-sister of Jorge de Bagration.
Following the death of Mahmud Shah II without heir in 1699, Abdul Jalil was proclaimed as the next Sultan.
Kulothunga Chola II was a 12th-century king of the Chola Dynasty of the Tamil people of South India.
Although she never held the rank of Empress during Hong Taiji's reign, she was posthumously honored as an empress.
He was nicknamed Testa d'feu for his rashness and military aggression.
During his reign, Jerusalem became more closely allied with the Byzantine Empire, and the two states launched an unsuccessful invasion of Egypt.
Charles I, also known as Charles Robert was King of Hungary and Croatia from 1308 to his death.
In 1314 her husband's father Stefan Milutin quarreled with Stefan, and sent him to Constantinople to be blinded.
After Dorgon died in 1650, Jirgalang led an effort to clean the government of Dorgon's supporters.
He initially kept the Protestant faith and had to fight against the Catholic League, which denied that he could wear France's crown as a Protestant.
Prince Varananda Dhavaj produced by Mom Ravi Kayananda, who married Pamela Smee, Princess Galyani Vadhana Mahidol, Princess Kawkaewprakaikavila Na Chiangmai and Srisalai Suchatwut.
These internal rivalries between the noble families required the coming of age of Elizabeth's sons to resolve the fighting.
He was the son of Shō En, the founder of the dynasty, by Yosoidon, Shō En's second wife, often referred to as the queen mother.
Dorothy Garai was a Hungarian noblewoman who became Queen of Bosnia upon her marriage to King Tvrtko II in 1428.
He then summoned Yuchi Chifan to the palace and made her an imperial consort with the title Zhangguifei.
Ludmilla, married Count Albert III of Bogen in 1184, and then Louis I, Duke of Bavaria, in 1204
Margaret, married in 1325 William XII of Auvergne
He entrenched his position in northern England by marrying Ælfflæd, the daughter of Ealdred, Earl of Bamburgh.
Salih, and another rebel Musa, planned to depose al-Mu'tazz, and carried out the design with brutal inhumanity.
Around 1125, Gradinja, the rival of George, married himself in Rascia, with the "intent of returning the rule", according to Mavro Orbini.
He was fluent in Dhivehi, Urdu, English, Arabic and Sinhalese.
The royal couple's marriage lasted until her husband's death.
Duke Karl-Theodor in Bavaria was a member of the House of Wittelsbach and a professional oculist.
His ancestral name was Ying, and Chuzi was his posthumous name.
Vladimir's only son, Rostislav Vladimirovich, was a landless prince who usurped power in Tmutarakan.
Duke Charles Frederick of Holstein-Gottorp was the son of Frederick IV of Holstein-Gottorp and his consort, Hedvig Sophia, daughter of King Charles XI of Sweden.
Because of his bellicose nature, Albert during his lifetime was given the cognomen Bellator.
She is famous for having given up her life in the defense of her husband, King Maha Chakkraphat, in a battle during the Burmese–Siamese War.
During these long disturbances John Casimir, though feeble and of a peaceful disposition, frequently proved his patriotism and bravery.
Hussein bin Talal was King of Jordan from the abdication of his father, King Talal, on 11 August 1952, until his death in 1999.
The Hongxi Emperor, personal name Zhu Gaochi, was the fourth emperor of the Ming dynasty of China.
He was from Cang Mountain in the present-day southern Chinese province of Yunnan.
He is called regulus and quasi pro rege in charters from Navarre.
Various Burmese chronicles do not agree on the dates regarding his life and reign.
In the east, Russia started to colonise Alaska, establishing Russian America.
John, Prince of Asturias, was the only son of Queen Isabella I of Castile and King Ferdinand II of Aragon who survived to adulthood.
As an environmentalist, he has received numerous awards and recognition from environmental groups around the world.
Her maternal grandparents were Sancho IV of Castile and María de Molina.
She is best remembered for signing the abdication documents in 1912 on behalf of Puyi, the Last Emperor.
As his son Crown Prince Zhaozi died early, the ministers installed Zhaozi's son Duke Ling of Qin on the throne.
John Sigismund and his mother settled in Poland, but she continued to negotiate for John Sigismund's restoration with Ferdinand's enemies.
John Ernest was a Duke of Saxe-Coburg.
In 1512, he became King of Navarre by conquest.
Min Razagyi was king of Arakan from 1593 to 1612.
896 and attempted to take the country from his cousin Petar, who had ruled since 891.
Fyodor II Borisovich Godunov of Russia was a tsar of Russia in 1605, during the Time of Troubles.
During his life De Graeff was often called "Polsbroek" or "Lord Polsbroek".
Making the king of Qi die in a common village–this was a guest who was good at adapting!"
She was the widow of General Nega Tegegn, who was governor of the provinces of Begemder and Semien.
Duke Yi succeeded his father Duke Wu of Chen, who died in 781 BC.
While the siege was ultimately unsuccessful, a soldier in his company captured Joan of Arc, whom he sent to Beauvoir as a prisoner.
The Cambridge History of Iran notes that Sultan Muhammad "tried energetically to restore the slipping authority of his dynasty in Iraq,"
Laimbu was a Manchu noble of the early Qing Dynasty.
Sultan Muhammad Jamalul Alam II took a great deal of interest in the progress of the country, encouraging advances in agriculture, medicine and education.
Bianca Maria Sforza was an Italian noble woman, who was Holy Roman Empress as the second wife of Maximilian I, Holy Roman Emperor.
Like Claudius, Nero became emperor with the consent of the Praetorian Guard.
The Derajat had its existence as an historical area to the Baloch immigration in the fifteenth century.
During her father's reign, her father created her the Princess Shanyin and married her to He Ji, the son of his official He Yan.
After the defeat of the Macriani usurpers, Emperor Gallienus sent his general Aurelius Theodotus to Egypt to secure his hold on the province.
Mary of Woodstock was the seventh named daughter of Edward I of England and Eleanor of Castile.
She played a central role in the Portuguese political crisis of 1245.
Canute II the Tall, was King of Sweden from 1229 until his death in 1234.
This marked a break with older traditions, when the question of legitimacy of birth was not of consequence in inheriting the kingdom.
He is venerated as a saint by Eastern Orthodox and Byzantine Catholics.
She was also a successful businesswoman, endowed with her own fortune as Countess of Ponthieu.
Around this time, a rebellion took place against Cotys, led by Cotys' treasurer Miltokythes.
Thutob Namgyal was the ruling chogyal of Sikkim between 1874 and 1914.
She was fond of books, manuscripts, paintings, and sculptures.
Boris Vyacheslavich was Prince of Chernigov for eight days in 1077.
He is married to Vidya Varma and has a daughter, Samyuktha, and a son, Vikramaditya.
In spring 386, his general Han Yan assassinated him in a coup and supported another general, Duan Sui, as the Prince of Yan.
Marie Thérèse of France, Daughter of France was the fourth child and third daughter of Louis XIV of France and his wife, Maria Theresa of Spain.
Prince Turki is the eldest son of HRH Prince Mohammed Bin Nasser Bin Abdulaziz Al-Saud, Prince of Jizan.
Murong Chao, courtesy name Zuming, was the last emperor of the Chinese/Xianbei state Southern Yan.
In 1553, she married Polish King Sigismund II Augustus and became Queen consort of Poland and Grand Duchess consort of Lithuania.
After he was deposed, the Kingdom of the Two Sicilies and the Kingdom of Sardinia were merged into the newly formed Kingdom of Italy.
Empress Xiaozheyi, also known as the Jiashun Empress, was the Empress Consort of the Tongzhi Emperor of the Qing dynasty.
According to various reports, Abdullah married up to 30 times, and had more than 35 children.
He also annexes the adjoining Rajput kingdom of Kherla.
Sha'ban was toppled and killed during a revolt against his rule organized by Emir Shams ad-Din Aqsunqur on behalf of his brother al-Muzaffar Hajji.
He was the first great-great-great-grandchild of Queen Victoria.
Sargon II, who came to the throne in 722 BC, continued the Assyrian hostility against Urartu.
Prince Gorm of Denmark was the first son of Prince Harald of Denmark and his wife, Princess Helena Adelaide of Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg-Glücksburg.
The name Silbannacus shows a Celtic origin, the "-acus" suffix; given the location of the coin, Silbannacus could have been a military commander in Germania Superior.
According to the Ravana Katha of Wickramasinghe Adigar, after the defeat of Ravana, Vibhishana transferred the Yaksha capital from Alakamandawa to Kelaniya.
Otherwise, his reign as king was largely uneventful.
Following Henry's victory at the Battle of Brémule, a favourable peace settlement was agreed with Louis in 1120.
Through his brother, the Viceroy of Hanover, he granted his German kingdom a short-lived liberal constitution.
By 1824, they were once again the happy couple of their youth.
Following the failed rebellion of his elder brothers between 1173 and 1174, however, John became Henry's favourite child.
This became the pretext to renew the Muscovite–Lithuanian War in 1500.
Toghrul, who controlling the eastern provinces of the western Seljuq, launched a military campaign but was defeated by Mas'ud in May 1133.
He started many campaigns against Jin before the Jin Emperor counterattacked, killing many Western Xia soldiers.
This second revolt may have had wider repercussions: Tacitus says that Vespasian, once emperor, had to "recover" Britain.
Their shared mother was Keakealaniwahine, the ruling Queen of Hawaii.
He was a member of the DNVP in the Weimar Republic, and served as a Member of Parliament from 1924 to 1928.
The claims of Bjaðǫk and Eysteinn were accepted, and the latter went on to rule as king for fifteen years.
They exacted harsh terms: Britain demanded that Austria abolish its overseas trading company.
Ludwig Eugen, Duke of Württemberg, was the third son of Duke Karl Alexander and Princess Maria Augusta of Thurn and Taxis – 1 February 1756).
He also handed down the Vishnu Sahasranama to Yudhishthira when he was on his death bed in the battlefield of Kurukshetra.
Scotland was then left without a monarch until Robert the Bruce ascended in 1306.
Dom Luís I was a member of the House of Braganza, and King of Portugal and the Algarves from 1861 to 1889.
Owen was born in England sometime after his father was driven into exile there in 1257 by Llywelyn ap Gruffudd the ruler of Kingdom of Gwynedd.
Royal chronicles do not agree on who succeeded the first North Queen Saw Lat.
Taung Pyinthe was the Chief queen consort of kings Saw Rahan II and Kunhsaw Kyaunghpyu of the Pagan Dynasty of Myanmar.
The marriage was controversial because it was not clear whether the girls had been veiled as nuns.
Born in Mitau in 1574, Wilhelm Kettler was the youngest son of Gotthard Kettler and his wife Anna of Mecklenburg.
Kazunomiya wrote a poem to her older brother, Emperor Komei before she left Kyoto for Edo
Li Zhong, courtesy name Zhengben, formally Prince of Yan, was a crown prince of the Chinese dynasty Tang Dynasty.
She is also known as Eftendize/Aftandisa or simply as Efendi.
Leopold was a personal friend of Frederick William I.
Yang Guang was made the Prince of Jin after Emperor Wen established Sui Dynasty in 581.
Theobald I, also called the Troubadour and the Posthumous, was Count of Champagne from birth and King of Navarre from 1234.
He unsuccessfully claimed the throne of Spain following the death of his relative, Charles II, in 1700.
Many elder members of the House of Bolkiah claim that their ancestors were the BaHassan and BaAlawi Saadah from Tarim and Hadhramawt in Yemen.
They were both popular, and many dedications have been found in their honor across Roman Italy.
Rudolf I's widow, queen Guilla, married in 912 Hugh of Arles.
Before that he had been, since 1759, Ferdinand IV of the Kingdom of Naples and Ferdinand III of the Kingdom of Sicily.
Sanda Wizala was a king of the Mrauk-U Dynasty of Arakan.
By a treaty with Louis IX of France, he wrested the county of Barcelona from nominal French suzerainty and integrated it into his crown.
Emperor Yohannes III was the last of the elder "Gondar" line of the Solomonic dynasty to reign over Ethiopia.
His campaigns expanded the Roman Empire to its greatest territorial extent.
The Rana period is known for the tyranny, debauchery, economic exploitation and religious persecution by the rulers.
Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum's grandfather, Saeed bin Maktoum and Sheikh Maktoum's great-grandfather, Juma'a bin Maktoum were brothers.
This was due to a seizure at Wallingford Castle, and he was buried in Reading Abbey at the feet of his great-grandfather Henry I.
Satara, was Sardar Senapati(Commander-in-Chief, Duke) of the Maratha Empire and brother of Soyarabai, Shivaji's Queen.
Princess Charlotte of Saxe-Hildburghausen was the child of Frederick, Duke of Saxe-Altenburg and his wife, Duchess Charlotte Georgine of Mecklenburg-Strelitz.
Francesco III Gonzaga was Duke of Mantua and Marquess of Montferrat from 1540 until his death.
Demetrius I was a Greek king of Gandhara.
In 1388 Charles VI dismissed his uncles and brought back to power his father's former advisers, known as the Marmousets.
In 1120, Bořivoj was deposed again and endowed with Znojmo, while Vladislav resumed the throne, which he held until his death in 1125.
She is now styled as Yang Maha Mulia Raja Permaisuri Tuanku Bainun.
Princess Isabella Hedwig Franziska Natalie of Croÿ was the daughter of Rudolf, Duke of Croÿ, and his wife, Princess Natalie of Ligne.
Jalauka was, according to the 12th century Kashmiri chronicle, the Rajatarangini, a king of Kashmir.
He succeeded his brother, Liu Bin, whom he had ordered assassinated to allow himself to take the throne.
William II, called the Good, was king of Sicily from 1166 to 1189.
Her mother fell ill after giving birth to her and died less than a week afterwards.
Vijaya Raghunatha Raya Tondaiman I was the second independent ruler of the Pudukkottai kingdom.
After having received the insignia and royal robes that signified both his royal status and his submission to the Byzantine emperor, he returned to Lazica.
Dhari Malla, also known as Ban or Bira Malla was the forty-eight king of the Mallabhum.
Duke Frederick of Saxony, also known as Friedrich von Sachsen or Friedrich von Wettin, was the 36th Grand Master of the Teutonic Knights, serving from 1498–1510.
Mehar-un-nisa Begum, better known as Ghaseti Begum was the eldest daughter of Ali Vardi Khan, Nawab of Bengal, Bihar and Orissa during 1740-1758.
Irina Orlova Nikolaievna married Baron Hans von Waldstatten in Rome March 27, 1940.
Irina Walker is the third daughter of the former king of Romania, Michael I.
Lothar, monk in 861, became Abbot of Saint-Germain
With the final Byzantine victory in 548, Antalas and his Christian tribe once again became Byzantine subjects.
For others named Marie of Saxe-Altenburg, see Princess Marie of Saxe-Altenburg
Louis II was Grand Duke of Hesse and by Rhine from 1830 until 5 March 1848.
She later became queen to King Saw Hla and King Sekkya, both of whom were her step-sons, and later to King Phalaung.
He was pushed aside by one of his governors and nephews, Vukan in Raška, who continued the struggle against the Byzantines.
There, the Princess studied painting, became an accomplished equestrian and met her future husband during college.
But Timur died while he was marching into China in 1405.
The Kokugaku was established as the National Academy of the Ryukyu Kingdom in Shuri Castle on 1798.
Argishti II was king of Urartu from 714 BC to 680 BC.
Outside the country and in diplomatic correspondence, she was styled "Princess consort", but in Albania she was referred to as Mbretëreshë, or Queen.
In 1731, she married Frederick, Margrave of Brandenburg-Bayreuth.
Sarah, Theodora or Sarah-Theodora was an Empress of Bulgaria during the Second Bulgarian Empire and second wife of Tsar Ivan Alexander of Bulgaria.
Her sister Theodora married Prince Bohemund III of Antioch, and her brother Alexios was briefly, in 1185, a pretender to the throne of the Byzantine Empire.
Although betrothed to Shah Jahan since 1607, she ultimately became his second wife in 1612.
He was the fifth child son of king John III of Portugal and Catherine of Austria.
June 14] 1899 – July 17, 1918) was the third daughter of Tsar Nicholas II of Russia and Tsarina Alexandra Fyodorovna.
Canute I was king over all of Sweden from 1173 to 1195.
He was the son of Bohemond I, who in 1108 was forced to submit to the authority of the Byzantine Empire in the Treaty of Devol.
She was married to her half-brother, Thibaw, who became the last king of the Konbaung dynasty in 1878, upon Mindon Min's death.
He was murdered, along with many of his supporters, by members of the Roman Senate and supporters of the conservative Optimate faction.
Handan Sultan was the consort of Sultan Mehmed III, and Valide Sultan to their son Sultan Ahmed I.
Though unnamed, she was possibly the first wife of Cenwalh, King of Wessex.
Xaltemoctzin had a daughter called Tzihuacxochitzin, named after his mother.
Separated from his wife and son by the effects of the war, Andrew died in Monte Carlo in 1944.
Prince Felix of Denmark, Count of Monpezat, is the younger son of Prince Joachim and his former wife, Alexandra, Countess of Frederiksborg.
Khanzada Begum was a Timurid princess and the eldest daughter of Umar Shaikh Mirza II, the amir of Ferghana.
She became Margravine consort of Moravia by her marriage to John Henry of Moravia.
Her early death ended this love story soon.
He predeceased his father by two years and was buried by him in St Sophia Cathedral he had built in Novgorod.
The princess, who was probably still in her early to mid teens, became one of his queens.
Alice Muloki was the Inhebantu of Busoga Kingdom in Uganda.
She married twice; firstly to Thomas Boyd, 1st Earl of Arran; secondly to James Hamilton, 1st Lord Hamilton.
Gertrude of Comburg was the first queen consort of Conrad III of Germany.
Her only surviving child was the famous duchesse de Berry.
Caroline of Hesse-Darmstadt was a German noblewoman.
Thus, Dipangkorn is the only recognised son of the king.
For other men of the same name, see Æthelhelm
He was appointed as regent for his younger half-brother of a royal mother, Ahmad Shah II after the death of their father in 1590.
Adelaide of Saxe-Meiningen was the queen consort of the United Kingdom and of Hanover as spouse of William IV of the United Kingdom.
Georg Donatus, Hereditary Grand Duke of Hesse was the first child of Ernest Louis, Grand Duke of Hesse and his second wife, Princess Eleonore of Solms-Hohensolms-Lich.
Duchess Elisabeth Alexandrine Constance of Württemberg was a daughter of Louis of Württemberg and Princess Henriette of Nassau-Weilburg.
He assembled the ting at Fold and accused the people of treason, after which some had to accept his rule, while others were punished.
Because it could not be determined whether this was an accident or intentional, Miguel escaped a court martial.
Prince Frederick Charles Alexander of Prussia was a younger son of Frederick William III of Prussia.
The other half went to Maurice of Hesse-Kassel, but since Maurice was a Calvinist, Ludwig claimed a right on the whole of Hesse-Marburg.
He is the best known king of the Mahameghavahana dynasty.
Olav V was King of Norway from 1957 until his death.
Tai Si was the wife of King Wen of Zhou and is revered as a highly respected woman of ancient China.
He was the son of Ferdinand I and his wife Eleanor of Alburquerque.
Ahmed bin Salman was a member of the House of Saud and a media executive who was also a major figure in international Thoroughbred horse racing.
Until his death at age 77, he was the last surviving Russian grand duke born in Imperial Russia.
The emperor made clear the extent of his rage by his facial expression and by the contortion of his body.
Empress Zhangsun, formally Empress Wendeshunsheng or, in short, Empress Wende, was an empress of the Chinese dynasty Tang Dynasty.
Quickly, Alexandra and Peter II fell in love and planned to marry.
Alfonso IX was king of León and Galicia from the death of his father Ferdinand II in 1188 until his own death.
Bhúmanyu / Bhoomanyu / Bhuvmanyu was the successor of first emperor of India, Bharata.
Raya Malla was a Malla Dynasty King of Bhaktapur, Nepal from 1482 to 1519.
Ernest fought against Napoleon Bonaparte and through construction projects and the establishment of a court theatre left a strong imprint on his residence town, Coburg.
Archduchess Gisela of Austria was the second daughter and eldest surviving child of Emperor Franz Joseph I of Austria and Empress Elisabeth.
Her godparents are her paternal aunt Alexandra, Princess of Leiningen, maternal half-sister Charlotte Casiraghi, Ulrike Ulmschneider, Maryam Sachs, Virginia Gallico, George Condo, and Eric Maier.
Hadrian was Roman emperor from 117 to 138.
King Asantehene Prempeh I ruled from March 26, 1888 until his death in 1931, and fought an Ashanti war against Britain in 1893.
Prince Friso of Orange-Nassau was a younger brother of King Willem-Alexander of the Netherlands.
Mary married Edward I, Count of Bar
Vladislaus II was Margrave of Moravia from 1222 to his death.
Alice was the second daughter of King Baldwin II of Jerusalem and Morphia of Melitene.
She later became a nun adopting the name Evdokija, hence she is known in historiography as Teodora-Evdokija.
He is also known for his cultural achievements and was a great friend and protector of the Buddha.
Princess Yoshiko was the empress consort of Emperor Kōkaku of Japan.
The Rabát contains an entrance hall 20 gaz* in height.
He has one sister, Princess Katarina of Yugoslavia and Serbia, and two half-brothers, Prince George and Prince Michael.
Sena II placed Varagunavarman II on the Pandyan throne.
The newly enthroned Liu Xie, historically known as Emperor Xian, was in fact a puppet ruler under Dong Zhuo's control.
Grand Prince Hyoryeong was the Grand Prince and second-born son of King Taejong of Joseon Dynasty and his consort Queen Wonkyeong.
Princess Louise of Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg-Glücksburg was the princess consort of George Victor, Prince of Waldeck and Pyrmont.
It was introduced in 1912, replacing the Kanun Brunei.
Following Suramarit's death in 1960, Norodom Sihanouk became head of state once more.
Bestwina was also the location of the palace where he and his family moved to in 1933, after the death of his father, Karl Stefan.
He was a son of Prince Nikita Alexandrovich of Russia and a great nephew of Nicholas II of Russia, the last Tsar.
She often accompanied the couple at official events, and provided them lodging when they visited her outside France.
Norodom Buppha Devi is a princess of Cambodia born on 8 January 1943, in Phnom Penh.
Matilda led a literary and musical court, but was also pious.
About 1895, at Přerov nad Labem, Bohemia, he founded the first open-air museum in Central and Eastern Europe.
After a series of engagements, Qais was forced to retire to Sohar.
There being no answer but an empty treasury, they were put in irons.
Roman died in a battle with the Poles at the Battle of Zawichost.
Charles Eugene, Duke of Württemberg, was the eldest son, and successor, of Charles Alexander; his mother was Princess Maria Augusta of Thurn and Taxis.
She was the younger surviving child of Louis XII of France and Anne of Brittany.
Abu Bakr Atiku was the third Sultan of the Sokoto Caliphate, reigning from October 1837 until November 1842.
Princess Marie Alexandra of Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg-Glücksburg, since 1941 of Schleswig-Holstein was a member of the House of Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg-Glücksburg.
Martha Eriksdotter was the alleged daughter of Erik X, King of Sweden, flourishing in the first half of the 13th century.
Christian Axel Carl Bitsch, married Pia Brandstrup and had three children:
After Philip's assassination in 336 BC, he succeeded his father to the throne and inherited a strong kingdom and an experienced army.
Suleyman's son, Kilij Arslan I, was captured, and Malik Shah transferred him to Isfahan as a hostage.
Saw Yun had four children, three sons and a daughter.
He was described as so developmentally disabled that he was unable to speak, clothe himself, or be able to express whether he was hungry or full.
"(forceful one), at the news of this take over.
Vakhtang left him in charge of the government of Kartli during his absence at the Safavid court of Persia from September 1716 to August 1719.
The mother of the future Victor Amadeus III, she was queen consort of Sardinia from 1730 until her death in 1735.
Mawlay Mohammed ash-Sheikh ash Sharif al-Hassani al-Drawi at-Tagmaderti was the first sultan of the Saadi dynasty ruling over Morocco.
Initially invited to arbitrate a succession dispute, Edward claimed feudal suzerainty over the kingdom.
Duke Wen reigned for 12 years and died in 804 BC.
He donated the private buildings to the state before his death, to preserve them for Belgium.
His beginnings in the Teutonic Order start in Elbing, where he was the right-hand man of the Grand Hospitaller, Heinrich Reuss von Plauen.
He became the ruler of Gohad after the fall of Bhim Singh Rana.
The grief-stricken King Chulalongkorn later erected a memorial to her and his unborn son at the Bang Pa-In Palace.
Emperor Wenzong of Tang, personal name Li Ang, né Li Han, was an emperor of the Tang dynasty of China.
She is most popularly known as the President of Dubai Women Establishment.
Erzhu threw her into the Yellow River to drown.
Following his father's death in 1567 Hesse was divided between his four sons.
Her younger sisters were Catherine, Queen of England, Queen Joanna I of Castile, and Maria, Queen of Portugal.
When her elder sister Shin Saw Gyi became the chief queen, Omma succeeded her sister as the Queen of the Northern Palace.
His ancestral name was Ji, given name Jiao, and Duke Jing was his posthumous title recorded in the Bamboo Annals.
The inscription makes a specific mention of the Roman produced denarius coins.
Her children from this marriage included Louise of Savoy, who became the mother of Francis I, King of France, and Philibert II, Duke of Savoy.
Valentina, married on 17 August 1389 to Louis, Duke of Orleans
Laetitia d'Arenberg, formerly Lætitia Marie Madelaine Susanne Valentine de Belzunce d'Arenberg, was born on September 2, 1941 in Brummana, Mandate of Lebanon now Lebanon.
Dušan conquered a large part of southeast Europe, becoming one of the most powerful monarchs of the era.
Encouraged by the Spahbod Osroes, Parthian troops marched further West into Roman Syria.
He was succeeded by his son Bhumimitra.
In his 29 years of rule, Emperor Wen largely continued the grand plan of his father and some of the land policies of the Jin Dynasty.
Drusus Caesar was a member of the Julio-Claudian dynasty in the early first century AD.
Adud al-Dawla became afterwards the sole ruler of the Buyid dynasty and assumed the Persian title Shahanshah.
Minkhaung frantically prepared to defend against another attack by Toungoo Kingdom.
He suppressed a rebellion incited by a sorcerer against the bishop of the town.
During part of the minority of her son James II, she served as the Regent of Scotland.
As a military leader, he led military campaigns expanding the dynastic territory to the largest extent by conquering and sometimes destroying Central Asian kingdoms.
He was the only surviving paternal uncle of Emperor Renzong during the latter's reign.
His rule was marked by a struggle for control of the country with Coloman of Hungary.
Prince Zeid bin Ra’ad Zeid al-Hussein is the current United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights, having taken up this post in September 2014.
He was born in Constantinople the son of Ahmed I by Valide Kösem Sultan, an ethnic Greek originally named Anastasia.
She spent the following years wandering in Italy, and she never gave up her son's claims to receive ducal revenues from Hungary.
He died at Inisdowginn on the river Suck, near Dunlo in Hy-Many, in 1239.
Wiglaf succeeded Ludeca, who was killed campaigning against East Anglia.
This led to the assumption that Nan no longer had any symbolic power or semblance of royal authority left.
Harsha, also known as Harshavardhana, was an Indian emperor who ruled North India from 606 to 647 CE.
A daughter of Prince Uroš I of Serbia, she was arranged to marry Béla II in 1129 by his cousin, King Stephen II.
Later it developed into an important Jat State.
Perum Kadungo was Chera ruler based at the city of Vanchi.
It was said that the emperor frequented brothels and invited prostitutes into the palace, which was vehemently opposed by his ministers.
Elisabeth was sent back to live in Germany and then eventually took her vows in a Protestant convent at Herford Abbey in Westphalia as Princess-Abbess.
She was a member of the House of Luxembourg and was Queen consort of Hungary by her marriage.
Ladahachandra was the fourth ruler of the Chandra dynasty, in the kingdom of Harikela in eastern Bengal.
He died at Richmond Palace on 8 June 1671 and buried in Westminster Abbey on 12 June 1671.
She seems to have played little part in politics.
Prince Luiz' heir is another childless uncle, Prince Bertrand, and his own father, Prince Antônio, is second in line.
He was the satrap of Caria for the Persian Achaemenid king Artaxerxes II.
In 1240 she married Philip of Montfort, Lord of Tyre, previously lord of Castres, and they had the following children:
Stephanie Hollis notes that 868 was the year of Alfred's marriage to a Mercian and that "Wulfthryth's name looks Mercian".
Emperor Ruizong, however, was a puppet under control of his mother and did not have any real power.
Isabella was also suo jure Duchess of Andria and Venosa and Princess of Altamura.
Louise Françoise de Bourbon, Légitimée de France was the eldest surviving legitimised daughter of Louis XIV of France and his maîtresse-en-titre, Madame de Montespan.
David is a son of Irakli Bagrationi.
Frederica Henriette of Anhalt-Bernburg, was a member of the House of Ascania and Princess of Anhalt-Bernburg by birth and a Princess of Anhalt-Köthen by marriage.
Ludwig deposed him in 1913 a day after the legislature passed a law allowing him to do so, becoming king in his own right.
He had been appointed co-emperor by Licinius.
William III was King of the Netherlands and Grand Duke of Luxembourg from 1849 until his death in 1890.
The ceremony—conducted privately and with unrelieved gloom at Osborne House—was described by the Queen as "more of a funeral than a wedding".
Their eldest son became monarch of Liechtenstein when Emanuel's brother died without any surviving heirs.
The Anglo-Saxon Chronicle describes Æthelberht's reign as one of good harmony and lasting peace.
Mary of Lancaster, Baroness Percy, was the youngest surviving child of Henry, 3rd Earl of Lancaster by his wife Maud Chaworth.
Graduated from the Royal Military Academy Sandhurst in 2011.
His rule ended after his capture and execution by Carlo I Tocco, who proceeded to incorporate Arta to his domains.
She was wildly popular with the British populace, who sympathized with her and who despised the new king for his immoral behaviour.
He continued and magnified his father's policy of reduction in criminal sentences.
Emperor Jing managed to crush the revolt and princes were thereafter denied rights to appoint ministers for their fiefs.
married firstly, in 1610, Countess Anna Margarethe of Diepholz
King Xuan's personal name was Tian Bijiang, ancestral name Gui, and King Xuan was his posthumous title.
Cuilén soon after challenged him but was defeated in 965.
In government, Elizabeth was more moderate than her father and half-siblings had been.
Fahda bint Asi bin Shuraim Al Shammari was one of King Abdulaziz's spouses and the mother of the former ruler of Saudi Arabia, King Abdullah.
Yat Ahk I was the third king of Mayan city-state Piedras Negras in Guatemala.
He held the offices of the senadhipati, the mahapradhana and the karyakarta of the king.
Before the two could face each other in battle, however, Constantius died, after naming Julian as his rightful successor.
The Pagan Empire reached its peak during his reign, and would decline gradually after his death.
Duke Ling reigned for 10 years and died in 415 BC.
Maria Anna Theresa Vasa, was a Polish princess and a member of the House of Vasa.
The eighth-century monk Bede, in his Ecclesiastical History of the English People, lists him as the third king to hold imperium over other Anglo-Saxon kingdoms.
Ambitious and energetic, Bona became heavily involved in the political life of Poland–Lithuania.
His claim is disputed by his cousin Prince Rüdiger of Saxony.
She was married to Theobald II of Navarre, eldest son of Theobald I of Navarre and Margaret of Navarre on 6 April 1255.
Oscar died at the Royal Palace in Stockholm on 8 July 1859 and was succeeded by his son, Carl XV.
Julia, also known as Julia Minor and Julia the Younger, was the second of two daughters of Gaius Julius Caesar and Aurelia Cotta.
She met Anna Anderson, the best-known impostor, in Berlin in 1925.
She gave birth to his five children, including Prince Alexander.
He was the only son of Grand Prince Géza and his wife, Sarolt, who was descended from the prominent family of the gyulas.
However, he was forced to retreat due to a revolt of the Arab tribes, was shipwrecked, and lost many of his supporters.
Mary died in 1116, nine years before her husband.
After Albert's death in 1861, Victoria plunged into deep mourning and avoided public appearances.
Paul I Šubić of Bribir was a Croatian leader and most outstanding member of the Šubić noble family from Bribir.
He was the eighth, but fifth surviving, son of Ernst I, Duke of Saxe-Coburg-Altenburg and Elisabeth Sophie of Saxe-Altenburg.
After the succession of Ecgfrith as king of Northumbria in 670, he made Aelfwine king of the sub-kingdom of Deira.
Shapur II launched a war on Rome and her allies, firstly by persecuting the Christians that lived in Persia and Mesopotamia.
Albert II, Margrave of Brandenburg was a member of the House of Ascania.
She was the birth mother of the Daoguang Emperor's fourth son and successor, the Xianfeng Emperor.
Ermesinda of Bigorre, born Gerberga or Gisberga, was a Queen of Aragon, a daughter of Bernard-Roger, Count of Bigorre and his wife Garsenda, Heiress of Bigorre.
Princess Marie of Saxe-Weimar-Eisenach was a princess of Saxe-Weimar-Eisenach, by birth, and, by marriage, a princess of Prussia.
Like other early Chu rulers, he held the hereditary noble rank of viscount first granted to his ancestor Xiong Yi by King Cheng of Zhou.
He acquired military prominence after leading imperial troops in the Great Turkish War, in the Nine Years' War, and the War of Spanish Succession.
According to family traditions, the title Tarkhān was given to the family by Genghis Khan personally.
She was the eldest daughter of Louis VII of France by his second wife Constance of Castile.
Princess Isabella of Bavaria was the third child and eldest daughter of Prince Adalbert of Bavaria and his wife Infanta Amelia Philippina of Spain.
Maria Amalia of Austria was Holy Roman Empress, Queen of the Germans, Queen of Bohemia, Electress and Duchess of Bavaria etc.
He was the sole child of his mother.
If indeed a king, Opsites's reign may well be placed between those of Tzath and Gubazes.
Anabella Drummond was the Queen Consort of Scotland by marriage to Robert III of Scotland.
Princess Ana Gruzinsky-Golitsyna was a Georgian royal princess of the Bagrationi dynasty of Mukhrani branch.
Born Zhu Youtang, he was the eldest surviving son of the Chenghua Emperor and his reign as emperor of China is called the "Hongzhi Silver Age".
As son of a king of France, he was a fils de France, and as the eldest son and heir apparent, he was Dauphin of France,.
He was a patron of the arts and he finished construction on the great Gothic Cathedral of Pamplona.
Her sister, Infanta Sofía, follows her in the line of succession.
Referring to Magnus Eriksson as Magnus II is incorrect.
She also had five half-siblings from her father's previous marriages.
Abdulaziz bin Mithab better known as Ibn Rashid, was the Emir of Jabal Shammar from 1897 to 1906.
In 675, Æscwine defeated an invasion of Wessex led by the Mercian King Wulfhere at Biedanheafde, a location which has not been certainly identified.
His main foreign policy themes were pan-Islamism, anti-Communism, and pro-Palestinian nationalism.
She was a daughter of Ferdinand III, Grand Duke of Tuscany, and Luisa of Naples and Sicily.
She was posthumously honoured as an Empress because her son became Emperor, even though she never held the rank of Empress while she was living.
He was a son of Sultan Ahmed III and was succeeded by his brother Abdul Hamid I.
Gunnhild konungamóðir or Gunnhild Gormsdóttir is a quasi-historical figure who appears in the Icelandic Sagas, according to which she was the wife of Eric Bloodaxe.
Ahmed Efendi received the honors of the Collar of the Hanedan-ı-Ali-Osman and the Nişan-ı-Ali-Imtiyaz.
Queen Anula was the first queen in Sri Lankan history to have wielded meaningful power and authority.
She was elected, along with her then-fiancé Stephen Báthory, as co-ruler in the 1576 royal election of the Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth.
Initially, he was an amatya of the Magadha empire under the Haryanka dynasty.
Ashimi or Hashimi was Shehu of Borno from ca.1885 to 1893.
Dietrich finally came into possession of his inheritance in 1198, following Henry's death in 1197.
Illegitimacy shadowed his birth and career, but he was legitimated by Pope Innocent III.
Matilda and Henry were married in 1034 after the death of his fiancée Matilda of Franconia.
According to a stone inscription dedicated by her eldest sister Queen Shin Saw, she was a granddaughter of King Swa Saw Ke of Ava.
In 1662, the Qing armies invaded Burma and Pye Min decided to leave the last Ming Emperor to the Qing.
In two years, a civil war broke out between father and son, because Stephen accused Béla of planning to disinherit him.
Persistent in his resistance against Safavid Persian aggression, he was killed in the Battle of Garisi.
She was suo jure Duchess of Alençon and Angoulême.
Archduchess Ilona of Austria was a member of the Hungarian Palatine branch of the House of Habsburg.
After defeating the rebel forces, he claimed the emirate of Iraq for himself, and forced his cousin to abdicate.
Coenwulf came into conflict with Archbishop Wulfred of Canterbury over the issue of whether laypeople could control religious houses such as monasteries.
Hong Tianguifu escaped to Dongba, Jiangsu in July, 1864, rendezvoused with his uncle, Hong Rengan, Gan Prince.
She returned to the Court of Burgundy and was granted the title of Lady of Vieux-Château on 20 November 1294.
In the same year she gave birth to a prince: Somdet Chaofa Somanass, but the prince shortly died.
In 1955, Sihanouk abdicated the throne in favour of his father Norodom Suramarit, and went on to form the political organisation Sangkum.
Khosrov I may be the Khosrov mentioned in an Egyptian inscription that speaks of Khosrov the Armenian.
Keaweaheulu on arrival at Kaʻū made known his errand and at once hastened to Keōua's camp.
Thalun then made his own son Pindale as the crown prince.
Adolf Frederick or Adolph Frederick was King of Sweden from 1751 until his death.
Prince Ata is a Tongan royal and Prince of Tonga, younger son of Tupou VI, King of Tonga.
In 1444, he participated in Władysław III of Poland's Crusade of Varna, an attempt to drive the Ottoman Turks away from Bulgaria and Europe.
Narathu built the largest of all the Pagan temples, the Dhammayangyi.
The Kingdom of Ava was largely plundered and Ava was laid siege.
Wulfhere's father, Penda, was killed in 655 at the Battle of Winwaed, fighting against Oswiu of Northumbria.
Among his brothers, Kampana governed Nellur region, Muddppa administered Mulabagalu region, Marappa oversaw Chandragutti and Bukka Raya was his second in command.
Tolui,) was the fourth son of Genghis Khan by his chief khatun Börte.
Nga Yamankan was governor of Pegu from 1077 to 1084, who raised an unsuccessful rebellion against Sawlu of Pagan Dynasty.
Albert Maria Lamoral Miguel Johannes Gabriel, 12th Prince of Thurn and Taxis, is a German aristocrat, businessman, and race car driver.
Maximinus II, also known as Maximinus Daia or Maximinus Daza, was Roman Emperor from 308 to 313.
During Mary's reign, Elizabeth was imprisoned for nearly a year on suspicion of supporting Protestant rebels.
She was Princess of Condé by her marriage.
Gofraid lived in an era when control of the Kingdom of Dublin was fought over by competing Irish overlords.
Mir Mahmud Khan II was the Khan of the princely state of Kalat in what is now the Balochistan province of Pakistan.
Ballappa Dandanayaka, a nephew of Hoysala Ballala III, had married a daughter of Harihara the founder of the Empire.
Maria Theresa of Austria was born an Archduchess of Austria and Princess of Tuscany.
Eleanor of Portugal was a Portuguese infanta, the only daughter of Afonso II of Portugal and Urraca of Castile, Queen of Portugal.
According to Saxo Grammaticus, Gytha and two of her brothers escaped to the court of their uncle, King Sweyn Estridsson of Denmark.
He supported Christian missions among the pagan Cumans who dwelled in the plains to the east of his province.
Rahim is known for his Urdu couplets and his books on astrology.
At the Council of Carnuntum in November 308, Diocletian and his successor, Galerius, forced Maximian to renounce his imperial claim again.
His reign is also noted for its grandoise architectural projects.
King Xuan succeeded his father King Wei of Qi, who died in 320 BC after 37 years of reign.
She died of postnatal complications less than two weeks after the birth of her only child, a son who became King Edward VI.
As primary heir to the Kamehameha family, Ruth became a landholder of what would become the Bernice Pauahi Bishop Estate funding the Kamehameha Schools.
She is the first daughter of Chulalongkorn, King Rama V of Siam.
Succeeding emperors after Xuānzong would either be too young or be dominated by eunuchs or warlords.
The benefits of this deal would not come to fruition until his removal from power.
He was also minister of interior from 1975 to 2012.
When he came of age, Balthasar chose an ecclesiastical career.
Frederick received Gråsten, which he sold to Philip in 1636
Bodaw Chit Mi was one of two principal queens of King Bayin Htwe of Prome.
She was Queen consort of Aragon by her arranged marriage to James I of Aragon.
Because of this, it is very challenging for historians to differentiate between fact and myth in the many stories told about him.
Prince Frederick, was a member of the British Royal Family, a grandchild of George II and the youngest brother of George III.
Maria Josepha Amalia of Saxony was Queen consort of Spain as the wife of King Ferdinand VII of Spain.
He died from cancer on 31 December 1977.
The three female monarchs before Genmei were Suiko, Kōgyoku/Saimei, and Jitō.
He was the son of Kilij Arslan IV, the weak representative of the Seljuq line who was controlled by the Pervane, Mu’in al-Din Suleyman.
The Four Oirat reached the peak of their power under his rule.
He is noted for the intellectual brilliance of his court.
Albrecht was the grandfather of Ernst August V, Prince of Hanover through his daughter Princess Ortrud of Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg-Glücksburg.
When her grandson, Crown Prince Maha Vajiravudh acceded to the throne to be King Vajiravudh, he promoted her as Princess Piyamavadi Sri Bajarindra Mata
He married Maria Landi on 15 September 1595;:54 the marriage produced three children;
He regained control of Parma under the protection of Austrian troops, but finally abdicated in favor of his son Charles III on 14 March 1849.
The affair of the poisons: Louis XIV, Madame de Montespan, and one of history's great unsolved mysteries.
He was born in Copenhagen the youngest son of Prince Valdemar of Denmark and Princess Marie of Orléans.
It has been restored but unfortunately, it suffers from cracks and wall distortions caused by rough weathering and erosion of the slope on which it stands.
Honoré IV married Louise Félicité Victoire d'Aumont, Duchess of Aumont, Duchess Mazarin and of La Meilleraye on 15 July 1777 in Paris.
In 1110–11, Vladislav accompanied Emperor Henry V on his Italian expedition, and he encouraged continued German settlement into Bohemia's border regions.
Isabeau of Bavaria was born into the House of Wittelsbach as the eldest daughter of Duke Stephen III of Bavaria-Ingolstadt and Taddea Visconti of Milan.
He was allowed to live the remainder of his years as a private citizen on a state pension in Prusa ad Olympum, Bithynia.
He was a close friend of William Beresford and of Frederick Roberts.
Constance was buried in the Basilica of Saint-Denis, France.
The family initially left Nazi Germany for Hungary but were eventually arrested when Franz was aged 11.
By 384, he was the governor of Pingyang Commandery.
Prince Sisowath Watchayavong was a Cambodian politician who was Prime Minister of Cambodia from 1947 to 1948.
Among other things, Istanbul's Fatih district, Fatih Sultan Mehmet Bridge and Fatih Mosque are named after him.
In 425 BC, the fourth year of Duke Huai's reign, Qin general Chao and other ministers rebelled against Duke Huai.
He was then turned over to French officers on 2 November.
Galswintha and Chilperic were married at Rouen in 567, but soon afterwards she was murdered at the instigation of Chilperic's mistress Fredegund, who then married him.
The Affair of the Poisons: Murder, Infanticide, and Satanism at the Court of Louis XIV.
As Toussaint Louverture's principal lieutenant, he led many successful engagements, including the Battle of Crête-à-Pierrot.
His accomplishments were described in the Orkhon inscriptions.
He is the male line ancestor of Margrethe II of Denmark, Harald V of Norway and Charles, Prince of Wales.
Based in London, she has been a style editor-at-large for Vogue magazine since 2012.
Darius I married Otanes' daughter Phaedymia while Otanes married a sister of Darius, who gave birth to Amestris.
As a result, Ladislaus's mother, Constance of Aragon, fled to Austria, taking Ladislaus with her.
Gradinja was the son of Dukljan ruler Branislav, and the brother of Grubeša, the former ruler.
When his father-in-law was deposed as the Margrave of the Nordmark, Dedo claimed the office of margrave for himself.
He used great sums of the money from this exploitation for public and private construction projects in Belgium during this period.
He held several governmental posts in the Kingdom of Hungary.
They had seven children, including Richard von Coudenhove-Kalergi, best known for his role in establishing the Pan-European movement.
He was known posthumously as Marhum Mangkat di Laut after his death, having had issue a son and a daughter.
Radama I "the Great" was the first Malagasy sovereign to be recognized as King of Madagascar by a European state.
He was the heir of Tiberius until his exile by the powerful Praetorian Prefect Sejanus in AD 29.
Grahavarman was killed and Rajyashri captured at this time, which caused Rajyavardhana to retaliate in turn.
By an Imperial decree of 1750, the siblings were banned from learning to read and write.
Haakon's continuous conflicts with his father-in-law ended only with the latter's death in 1375.
Qi and Liang and the Jing and Qi rivers lived the Yiqu, Dali, Wuzhi, and Quyuan tribes.
In about the year of 1100 she accompanied her husband on his pilgrimage to Jerusalem.
In 144, Vologases III's Armenian kingship was given to Sohaemus for unknown reasons.
Mạc Đăng Dung, posthumous name Mạc Thái Tổ, was an emperor of Vietnam and the founder of the Mạc Dynasty.
Prince Eugen of Bavaria was a member of the Bavarian Royal House of Wittelsbach.
Princess Sophie of Bavaria was born to King Maximilian I Joseph of Bavaria and his second wife Caroline of Baden.
Unwilling to bear the economic consequences of reduced trade, the Russians routinely violated the Continental System and enticed Napoleon into another war.
Arundel was one of the wealthiest nobles, and most loyal noble retainer of the chivalric code that governed the reign of Edward III.
Archduchess Ludovika Elisabeth Franziska of Austria was the daughter of Francis II, Holy Roman Emperor, later Francis I of Austria, and Elisabeth of Württemberg.
It was the single ruling dynasty of the erstwhile kingdom of Manipur.
Gunilla Bielke; Swedish: Gunilla Johansdotter Bielke af Åkerö was Queen of Sweden as the second spouse King John III.
After his three elder brothers died, he became Dauphin in 1415.
He also launched a series of campaigns against the oasis states of the Tarim Basin, and against the armies of their main ally, the Western Turks.
Leslie Robin Medforth-Mills was a professor of geography at the University of Durham and a United Nations official.
Pedro II steadfastly pushed through the abolition of slavery despite opposition from powerful political and economic interests.
By 360 BC, Cotys controlled the whole Chersonese peninsula.
He was sworn in with all the powers on 6 November 1911 at the age of 21.
Wadanthika died soon after the birth of her third child.
Adela of Meissen was a Danish Queen consort, spouse of King Sweyn III of Denmark.
His kingdom was centered around the Malwa region in central India, where his capital Dhara was located.
The alliance was cemented by the marriage of Æthelred to Alfred's daughter Æthelflæd.
His wife was a young Dutch woman who bore him two children – both reside in the Netherlands.
His father, the autonomous ruler of Egypt and Syria , designated him as his successor.
Duke George Augustus of Mecklenburg was a member of the House of Mecklenburg-Strelitz and a German sailor and soldier.
She was the mother of King Nyaungyan.
Singu was overthrown on 6 February 1782 by his cousin Phaungka, and was executed by his uncle Bodawpaya eight days later.
After Shapur II was defeated, he had signed a treaty and agreed to release Tiran and his family from prison.
His death caused civil wars which lasted for decades.
Charles Emmanuel, Landgrave of Hesse-Rotenburg was landgrave of Hessen-Rotenburg between 1778 and 1812.
Maria Anna Sophia of Saxony was a daughter of King Augustus III of Poland and his wife Maria Josepha of Austria who became Electress of Bavaria.
He was elected Ruling Prince of the Romanian United Principalities on 20 April 1866 after the overthrow of Alexandru Ioan Cuza by a palace coup d'état.
He had two sons: Bryachislav of Polotsk and Vseslav.
Between 1584 and 1593, he launched five disastrous invasions of Siam, which increasingly weakened his hold everywhere else.
It has been suggested that Kira Maria descended by an important noble family from the capital Tarnovo.
In 1670 Michael I was married to Eleonora Maria of Austria, daughter of Ferdinand III, Holy Roman Emperor, by his third wife Eleonora Gonzaga.
The two young princes, Johann Casimir and Johann Ernst, moved to Coburg, the future residence of his new principality.
Pribislav was Prince of the Serbs for a year, in 891–892, before being deposed by his cousin Petar.
Ferdinand II, called the Catholic, was King of Sicily from 1468 and King of Aragon from 1479 until his death.
Emperor Suzaku was the 61st emperor of Japan, according to the traditional order of succession.
Wang Yanhan, courtesy name Ziyi, was a ruler of the Chinese Five Dynasties and Ten Kingdoms period state Min.
Luise of Brunswick-Wolfenbüttel was daughter of Ferdinand Albert II, Duke of Brunswick-Lüneburg and his wife Antoinette of Brunswick-Wolfenbüttel.
Joan, married Raoul II of Lusignan, Seigneur d'Issoudun and Count of Eu.
In 1370 or 1371, he crowned Marko "young king"; this title included the possibility that Marko would succeed the childless Uroš on the Serbian throne.
Prince Friedrich Wilhelm Heinrich August of Prussia, known in English as Prince Augustus, was a Prussian general.
He was elected King of Finland on 9 October 1918, but renounced the throne on 14 December 1918.
The countess was the sole companion traveling with the empress when she was assassinated.
There is a possibility that Agathangelos was instructed by Tiridates III to write a biography on the life and kingship of Khosrov II.
Bokassa I's eldest son by another wife, Georges, was a cabinet minister but Bokassa considered him weak.
Alice at first fled to the citadel but finally flung herself on her father's mercy and they were reconciled.
He ruled the city of Rome for twenty-eight days, before being killed by his rival usurper Magnentius' general Marcellinus.
Margherita de' Medici was Duchess of Parma and Piacenza by her marriage to Odoardo Farnese, Duke of Parma.
Sultan Mu'adzam Shah was the second Sultan of Kedah.
Some sources refer to her as Louis Diane.
Her maternal grandfather was François Blanc, the principal real-estate developer of Monte Carlo.
She was attracted to the Prince Imperial and there was talk of a possible marriage, but he was killed in the Anglo-Zulu War in 1879.
In 854, King Horik I was killed by a nephew whom he had driven into exile.
In his youth, Henry's father made him Duke of York, and it was by this title that he was best known.
Pedro I wished for Isabel to be treated as a Princess of Brazil at the same level with his legitimate daughters.
She was the youngest child of King John III of Sweden and Catherine Jagiellon.
He effectively ended the British "protectorate" status of Kuwait by signing a treaty with the British on 19 June 1961.
His former allies, the Cumans killed him after their unsuccessful joint campaign against his uncle, Vsevolod I of Kiev.
Louise Adélaïde de Bourbon was a French nun.
Prince Gabriel of Belgium is the first son and second child of King Philippe of Belgium and Queen consort Mathilde of Belgium.
Duke Hui's father predeceased Duke Ai and was given the posthumous title Duke Yi, and Duke Hui succeeded his grandfather as the ruler of Qin.
He had to deal with threats from revolutionaries and insubordination by Portuguese troops, all of which he subdued.
Zwelonke Sigcawu was the 12th King of the amaXhosa nation from 1 January 2006.
Maria, wife of Wartislaw VII, Duke of Pomerania
He was succeeded by his grandnephew Charles.
Harald Sigurdsson, given the epithet Hardrada in the sagas, was King of Norway from 1046 to 1066.
Emperor Cheng died after a reign of 26 years and was succeeded by his nephew.
She was known as Queen Josefina, and was regarded to be politically active during the reign of her spouse.
He is mostly known by his nickname "Romulus Augustulus", though he ruled officially as Romulus Augustus.
He had a good education and with help from his father he became a courtier in the court of the Friedrich the Great.
Paula and her siblings were present when her father married his second wife, Amélie de Beauharnais, who eventually became like a mother to the children.
Richard's remains were reburied in Leicester Cathedral on 26 March 2015.
During his reign, Leo succeeded in establishing Cilician Armenia as a powerful and a unified Christian state with a pre-eminence in political affairs.
She served as regent of Portugal de jure from 1656 until 1662, and de facto until her death in 1666.
He is considered a pioneer in the use of rocket artillery.
Shamsuddin Firoz Shah was the independent ruler of the Bengal.
In 806 BC, he was bestowed the land of Zheng by King Xuan of Zhou.
Though reduced to the status of a puppet king, Alexander supported Greek troops during their war against the Ottoman Empire and Bulgaria.
The marriage may have been celebrated in 1575 or she was simply a concubine.
And Queen Saovabha Phongsri was appointed the first president, and Thanpuying Plien Phasakoravongs acted as the society secretary.
Whatever the case, Domnall died within the year, and Toirdelbach placed his own son, Muirchertach, upon the throne.
Turki I bin Abdulaziz Al Saud was the eldest son of King Abdulaziz of Saudi Arabia.
Princess Helen Shah of Nepal was a member of the former Nepalese royal family.
During the Revolutions of 1848 in the German states Karl abdicated in favor of his son, Karl Anton, on 27 August 1848.
Her son was engaged to Maria Teresa Cybo-Malaspina, duchess of Massa and heiress to the Principality of Carrara.
In the early years of Coenwulf's reign he had to deal with a revolt in Kent, which had been under Offa's control.
In 1878, Lorne was appointed Governor General of Canada.
He was a prince from the Madurai Nayak Dynasty and the brother-in-law of Sri Vijaya Raja Singha.
Formal education of administrative staff was introduced.
His grandson, Sanusi Lamido Sanusi, former Governor of the Central Bank of Nigeria is now the current emir of Kano.
Historians noted that the tax rates were at a ratio of "1 out of 30" and "1 out of 60", corresponding to 3.33% and 1.67%, respectively.
The oldest chronicle Zatadawbon Yazawin is considered to be the most accurate for the Pagan period.
Only the royalty could become a senior commander at a young age.
Luce, there is no inscriptional evidence that Naratheinkha or any kings between 1165 and 1174 ever existed.
Uninterested in running the kingdom, Sawlu brought back Kyansittha from banishment.
Sibylle of Saxe-Lauenburg was Margravine of Baden-Baden.
He went into exile to London in 1795.
In 1731, he inherited the sovereign duchy of Palatinate-Zweibrücken and thus became Count Palatine and Duke of Zweibrücken.
Frederick William was the eldest son of Prince Frederick, Duke of Mecklenburg-Grabow, and Christine Wilhelmine of Hesse-Homburg.
He was the descendant of Mirza Hadi Baig.
Henry purchased the County of Cotentin in western Normandy from Robert, but William and Robert deposed him in 1091.
The death sentence was later commuted to life in solitary confinement, but just six years later, in 1993, he was freed.
In spite of her husband's difficult character, Maria Feodorovna made a success of her marriage.
His godparents were Viscount Paul de la Panouse and paternal aunt Princess Claude of Orléans.
Maria Antonia's godparents were her uncle, Emperor Joseph II, and her father's aunt, Maria Antonia of Spain, Queen of Sardinia, after whom the princess was named.
Emperor Jingzong of Liao, personal name Yelü Xian, courtesy name Xianning, was the fifth emperor of the Khitan-led Liao dynasty.
Alexander married Dorothea von Schwarzburg-Sondershausen, daughter of John Günther I, Count of Schwarzburg-Sondershausen, on 26 November 1604 in Oldenburg.
Kumaragupta I, also known as Shakraditya and Mahendraditya, was an emperor of the Gupta Empire in 415–455 CE.
The eldest son of Alfonso III d'Este, he became reigning duke after his father's abdication.
According to the Namelist of Bulgarian Rulers, Vinekh reigned for seven years and was a member of the Vokil clan.
His name at birth was Nero Claudius Drusus after his paternal uncle, Drusus the Elder.
Brooke was educated at Winchester College and at Trinity College, Cambridge.
Boran was the daughter of emperor Khosrow II.
Prince Albert of Prussia was a Prussian colonel general.
In 1843, she married the Scottish nobleman William Hamilton, Marquess of Douglas and Clydesdale.
In 1385, they invited King Charles III of Naples to depose Mary and assume the crown.
He served between 1284 and his death, but was dismissed and reinstated four times during this period.
At the time of his birth, he was third, after his uncle and father.
Gongdi was sent away with his mother to Xijing.
The French army was rapidly defeated and Napoleon III was captured at the Battle of Sedan.
After the Ottoman Sultan Mehmed II decided to invade Hungary, Ladislaus and Ulrich II left the kingdom.
Al-Mustakfi II was an Abbasid Caliph of Cairo, Egypt for the Mamluk Sultans between 1441 and 1451.
Leszek the White was Prince of Sandomierz and High Duke of Poland during 1194–1198, 1199, 1206–1210 and 1211–1227.
Elisabeth Christine of Brunswick-Wolfenbüttel-Bevern was Queen of Prussia from 1740 to 1786 as the spouse of Frederick the Great.
He is the son of Prince Hassan bin Talal and Princess Sarvath al-Hassan.
He married Lady Gim Sudeok, later known as the Princess Duk-in, a daughter of 1st Baron Gim Sajun.
Assisted by German troops, Solomon returned and was again crowned king in 1063.
He tightened control of Chittagong and the kingdom's northern perimeter.
After his death in 1885, the last vestiges of the title were abolished in favour of a Crown Prince.
In 1329, John married his third wife, Joan of Savoy.
During the First World War, the Grand Duchess served as an army nurse at the front and was awarded a medal for personal gallantry.
He was also a Generalfeldmarschall in the Prussian army.
She was also an active patron of charities, and was one of the founding members of the Red Cross.
He was succeeded by his brother Prince Chettathirat as Ramathibodi II.
He was the son of the dynasty's founder Chandragupta, and the father of its most famous ruler Ashoka.
She is most famous for being the wife and queen of MacBethad mac Findlaích.
One possible reason behind its weakness is its interpretation of its own foreign policy.
In 1849 he created a black nobility in the country.
Since 1992 the St Radegund has played an annual cricket match against The Champion of the Thames, for the King Street Trophy.
He rose to become the commander and royal standard-bearer of Castile upon Sancho's ascension in 1065.
Princess Marie Elisabeth of Saxe-Meiningen was the only daughter of Georg II, Duke of Saxe-Meiningen by his first wife Princess Charlotte of Prussia.
Joan of Kent was the wife of Edward, the Black Prince and the mother of Richard II of England, who was deposed and died without heirs.
However, when Ernest Augustus reverted to Lutheranism in 1695, he was appointed governor of Sønderborg, because he resided there.
After his rescue, he became ill and died a few months later in Gangzhou.
Queen Gunilla is acknowledged to have acted as the political adviser to John III and to have influenced his religious policies in favor of Protestantism.
Their family was from North Malabar and settled in Mavelikara.
He ruled for 75 years, was given the posthumous name Tai Wu and was succeeded by his son Zhong Ding.
No other independent source mentions him, however, and thus some scholars believe Quartinus is purely an invention of Herodianus.
Mohammad Reza Shah Pahlavi held several other titles, including that of Āryāmehr and Bozorg Arteshtārān.
Duke Li of Jin was a ruler of the State of Jin, a major power during the Spring and Autumn period of ancient China.
There are two large power plants nearby.
She rose to second after her mother's accession, but is currently 12th in line.
In 1089, Bodin managed to raise the bishopric of Bar to an Archbishopric, by supporting the pope against an antipope.
Medieval legends allege his assassination; his death and succession are subjects of controversy in Croatian historiography.
The many witnesses to the accident did not dare to touch the queen, a capital offense—not even to save her life.
He was born and raised in the Caucasus, where his father was viceroy.
He recalled Kyansittha to Pagan in the mid-1050s, and appointed the 15-year-old Kyansittha a senior commander in his army.
Many Cambodians believed that this brilliant act and his shrewdness did actually save Cambodia from disappearing.
From 1871 until his death he was heir to the duchy of Anhalt.
Their assassination triggered the First World War, thus Sophie and her two brothers are sometimes described as the first orphans of the First World War.
Had he lived 5 months more, he would have outlived his nephew, King Frederick VII, and become King of Denmark.
He was the founder of princely Gwalior State ruled by the Scindia dynasty of the Marathas.
He spent his last years rebuilding the city of Toungoo and other war ravaged regions around his kingdom.
She remained silent on the topic of his suspected extra-marital relationships—including a liaison with her daughters' governess.
Matilda was the elder daughter of Margrave Albert II of Brandenburg and his wife Matilda, a daughter of the Wettin margrave Conrad II of Lusatia.
He was known as Richard Cœur de Lion or Richard the Lionheart because of his reputation as a great military leader and warrior.
Theinkha Bo was the father of kings Athinkhaya, Yazathingyan and Thihathu of Myinsaing, the dynasty that replaced the Pagan Dynasty in 1297.
Their marriage was unhappy, and she died childless at age 20, apparently of a fever.
She is thought to have been born between 1425 and 1428.
He also inherited rule of nearby Tondo and Namayan, becoming the first sovereign to hold all three realms in personal union.
He built one of the largest armies in the known world at the time and unsuccessfully besieged Constantinople.
This was part of the reason why Emperor Wu let Crown Prince Zhong remain his heir.
In all the biographies on Christina her gender and cultural identity play an important role.
Qin Zhong or Zhong of Qin was the fourth ruler of the state of Qin during China's Zhou dynasty.
Marie-Chantal, Crown Princess of Greece, is the wife of Pavlos, Crown Prince of Greece, son of the deposed King Constantine II of Greece.
Albert Victor was known to his family, and many later biographers, as "Eddy".
Under Emperor Xuan, the Han dynasty prospered economically and militarily.
In 819, Louis forced Gudfred's sons to accept Harald as co-ruler.
He was known as Sistina Shivappa Nayaka because he introduced a tax system called Sist.
On 12 April 1574, in Novgorod, she married Magnus of Livonia.
His rule lasted for 28 years; and extended to much of the eastern regions of the Indian subcontinent, notably Bengal and Bihar regions.
Min Bin was married to Minkhaung's and Narapati's sister.
From a young age, he took interest in the affairs of his father's state and soon began to take on these responsibilities.
Before ascending the throne he was known as Prince Guang.
He either killed himself or was executed following the assassination attempt.
Shivaji established a competent and progressive civil rule with the help of a disciplined military and well-structured administrative organisations.
Girdhar Pratap Singh was son of Samant Rao Balju, a family friend of Rana Bhim Singh.
She was the queen consort of King Bhumibol Adulyadej and is the mother of King Vajiralongkorn.
Anna Vasilchikova was Tsaritsa of the Tsardom of Russia and was the fifth spouse of Ivan the Terrible.
4) Queen Nolitha of Ixhiba Queen Nondwe
How can I be stingy as to her son-in-law?
Her youngest son Nawrahta defected to the Sagaing Kingdom c. 1349 after a disagreement with his brother Kyawswa.
She was the second wife of Jogaila, King of Poland and Supreme Duke of Lithuania.
Though later tradition remembered them as sons of Yagbe'u Seyon, their actual relationship is not clear, though they did succeed him.
King Edward VII and Tsar Alexander III were his brothers-in-law and King George V and Tsar Nicholas II were his nephews.
Princess Alexandrine of Baden was the Duchess of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha as the wife of Ernest II.
As an author and a patron of humanists and reformers, she was an outstanding figure of the French Renaissance.
He is also renowned for the slaughter and exile of many royal family members of Jin and for favoring one of his concubines named Li Ji.
His final years were spent quietly in England.
She belonged to the Mohammadzai Pashtun tribe, a powerful sub-tribe of the Barakzai dynasty.
She is mentioned in Giza, in Duaenhor's tomb.
He is also a descendant of Siamese Vice-King Pinklao.
He ascended the throne of France at the age of fifteen after the accidental death of his father, Henry II, in 1559.
There was also a Giorgi V, Catholicos-Patriarch of Georgia who ruled in 1380–1399.
He was portrayed by Alf Kjellin in Prince Gustaf, a 1944 film about certain aspects of the prince's life.
Ibrahim of Ghazna, was sultan of the Ghaznavid empire from April 1059 until his death in 1099.
Stephen is a popular saint in Hungary and the neighboring territories.
They lived under house arrest in Horsens in Jutland under the guardianship of Juliana Maria and at the expense of Empress Catherine.
Louis VII was King of the Franks from 1137 until his death.
Bagrat inherited from his father Ashot I the office of presiding prince of Iberia and the Byzantine title of curopalates.
Dorothea was born in Vienna, Austria, the second child and only daughter of Prince Philipp of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha and Princess Louise of Belgium.
She is 49th in the line of succession to the British throne.
Jordan fought three wars with Israel under Hussein, including: the 1967 Six Day War when Jordan lost the West Bank.
The Rashtrakuta princess Jakavve was his queen.
She was the third daughter of Charles II of Naples and Mary of Hungary.
The marriage produced two sons, the princes William and Harry, who were then respectively second and third in the line of succession to the British throne.
Martha’s paternity and her marriage are recorded in the book Anteckningar om svenska qvinnor by PG Berg and Wilhelmina Stålberg, Page 274.
Yaza Datu Kalaya was crown princess of Burma from 1586 to 1593, and crown princess of Toungoo for seven months in 1603.
Faisal II was the last King of Iraq.
In her last years, her niece Victoria was on the throne as the fourth monarch during Mary's life, after her father and two of her brothers.
Fujiwara no Kitsushi was an Empress consort of Japan.
He spent his youth in England, maintained by the king, and did not return to Wales until after Llywelyn's death.
As the procession neared Longcheng, however, Lan Jia'nan, likely under Lan Han's orders, killed Murong Bao.
There were two major rebellions against Richard.
Wedem Arad was Emperor of the Ethiopian Empire and a member of the Solomonic dynasty.
In the French monarchial system, he is considered Louis II.
He was succeeded by his son Philip III.
Wolfgang was born on 6 April 1531 in Herzberg, the fifth son of Duke Philip I of Brunswick-Grubenhagen and his second wife, Catherine of Mansfeld.
This formed the legal basis for the Papal States in the Middle Ages.
Yuzhan was sent to perform forced labour during the Cultural Revolution under the Communist regime.
Crown Prince Yu's mother Consort Xie was executed, as was his favorite concubine Consort Jiang Jun.
Mahendrapala has been mentioned in some Pala records, but earlier, the historians used to believe that these mentions referred to the Gurjara-Pratihara king Mahendrapala I.
He founded the Valentinian Dynasty, with his sons Gratian and Valentinian II succeeding him in the western half of the empire.
Maria Immakulata was the seventh child and fifth eldest daughter of Archduke Karl Salvator of Austria and his wife Princess Maria Immaculata of Bourbon-Two Sicilies.
Prince Henri of Orléans was the son of Prince Robert, Duke of Chartres, and Princess Françoise of Orléans.
Æthelflæd and Ælfflæd were Ælfgar's heirs at his death, some time between 946 and 951 based on the dating of his will, S1483.
Five years later, he lost the support of the nobility and thus the crown as well.
Liu Yu founded Liu Song, and in 421, believing that the former Jin emperor posed a threat to his rule, had him asphyxiated with a blanket.
She and Naratheinkha were married by their grandfather king.
She was the fourth daughter of Louis, Duke of Montpensier and Jacqueline de Longwy, Countess of Bar-sur-Seine.
Flavius Claudius Constantius Gallus, commonly known as Constantius Gallus, was a member of the Constantinian dynasty and Caesar of the Roman Empire.
Princess Amelia of the United Kingdom was a member of the British Royal Family.
In 578 BC, Qin suffered a major defeat at the hand of the State of Jin.
With Prince Isarasundhorn, she bore three sons:
Princess Lātūfuipeka is a Tongan royal and a member of the House of Tupou.
He succeeded his father upon his death in 1844 and continued with his reform plans.
She was born at Woodstock Palace in Oxfordshire to King Edward II of England and his queen Isabella of France.
He also falls in love with Ce'Nedra, the Tolnedran princess, who reciprocates, and is, ironically, forced to marry him by treaty.
The prince is styled as His Royal Highness.
Around 456 Gubazes tried to negotiate an alliance with the Sassanid Persians in order to break free from Roman hegemony.
Some historians have excused Catherine from blame for the worst decisions of the crown, though evidence for her ruthlessness can be found in her letters.
His rule, together with his half-brother Øystein, has been regarded by historians as a golden age for the medieval Kingdom of Norway.
At a young age, he was already noted for his brilliance and was once considered by his father as a potential heir.
No one, Thucydides tells us, knew the purpose of this expedition.
Burma was attacked by Siam during his reign.
Princess Irina Nikolaïevna Orlova was the eldest child of Prince Nicholas Vladimirovich Orlov and his wife Princess Nadia Petrovna Romanova of Russia.
Thutob died in 1914 and was succeeded by his son, Sidkeong Tulku Namgyal.
Sophia Albertina was the daughter of King Adolf Frederick of Sweden and Louisa Ulrika of Prussia.
As a young man, Adalbert entered the Prussian army and served in the artillery.
This exhibits the interest of high status ninth-century women in books, and their role in educating their children.
In 698 BC, Chen joined the armies of Song, Qi, Cai, and Wey to attack the State of Zheng.
Eugénie Hortense Auguste Napoléone, known as Eugénie de Beauharnais, princess of Leuchtenberg was a Franco-German princess.
She fell out of favour, and was replaced by her younger sister, who finally became a queen - Queen Indrasakdi Sachi.
Sultan Mahmud Begada or Mahmud Shah I, was the most prominent Sultan of Gujarat Sultanate.
Because he was still under age, a guardianship and co-regency was formed between his uncles, the dukes Bernhard I of Saxe-Meiningen and Heinrich of Saxe-Römhild.
Soon after, he was forced out on military expeditions to secure the recently acquired dominions from Danish troops in the Scanian War.
Nicholas II of Saint Omer was the lord of half of Thebes in Frankish Greece from 1258 to his death in 1294.
He also known as Wakatarashihiko no Sumeramikoto.
Elizabeth of Carinthia was an influential queen and royal family member in the Kingdom of Sicily, who lived and ruled in a tumultuous time.
Maad or Maad a Sinig means king of Sine in the Serer language.
He strongly protested against the royal family's treatment of his wife.
... Pushyamitra therefore destroyed the sangharama, killed the monks there, and departed.
He died in the year of 973.
In the meantime the Zirids of Granada formed an independent dynasty.
King Weilie fathered his successor King An of Zhou.
Charles Amadeus of Savoy, Duke of Nemours was a French military leader and magnate.
Jayasimha's capital was located at Anahilapataka in present-day Gujarat.
Behice Hanım was an imperial consort of the Ottoman Empire as the twelfth wife of Sultan Abdul Hamid II.
She was member of the Tuscan branch of the Imperial House of Habsburg, an Archduchess of Austria and Princess of Tuscany by birth.
He incorporated the territories of Lorraine and Corsica into the kingdom of France.
Gubazes I was a king of Lazica who flourished in the 450s and 460s.
St Olave's church in York and nearby Heslington Hill are associated with Siward.
After Anna's reign, East Anglia seems to have been eclipsed by its more powerful neighbour, Mercia.
Gordian III was Roman Emperor from 238 AD to 244 AD.
Makobo Modjadji VI was the 6th in a line of the Balobedu tribe's Rain Queens.
When Egbert died in 839, Æthelwulf succeeded him; the southeastern kingdoms were finally absorbed into the kingdom of Wessex after Æthelwulf's death in 858.
He was the brother of the murdered princesse de Lamballe and grandfather of King Charles Albert of Sardinia.
After his death, his lands were repartitioned among his Wettin relations.
She is known as the de facto ruler of the Song dynasty Empire during the reign of her spouse.
Cuspius Fadus was an Ancient Roman eques and procurator of Iudaea Province in 44–46 AD.
Güyük was the third Great Khan of the Mongol Empire, the eldest son of Ögedei Khan and a grandson of Genghis Khan.
According to the royal chronicles, she was of royal descent and the eldest of three sisters.
Sultan Mudzafar Shah II was the fourth Sultan of Kedah.
Her younger sister Khin U, a four-time widow and mother of four daughters, became a consort of Sithu I.
She was a daughter of Siamese King Mongkut and Princess Consort Piam.
Details of Alfred's life are described in a work by the 9th-century Welsh scholar and bishop Asser.
Lacking in military enterprise, secluded and pleasure-loving, he seldom emerged from his palace life at Palermo.
Count Robert had seized the castle of Nonancourt from Richard I of England while he was imprisoned in Germany in late 1193.
Tan Yuling, born Tatara Yuling, was a concubine of China's last emperor Puyi.
Hungary also survived a Mongol invasion in 1285.
She entered the harem of Sultan Murad II of the Ottoman Empire.
He also created a nobility and named his legitimate son Jacques-Victor Henry as prince and heir.
Ernest Augustus was also reinstated as heir of Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg-Augustenburg.
According to modern Polish historian Henryk Łowmiański, Siemomysł aided the Ukrani uprising against the Germans in 954 AD.
She died from infant meningitis at the age of six and a half.
She was politically active during her tenure as duchess consort.
She married the statesman Melek Ahmed Pasha in 1644 and died shortly after giving birth, at the age of 26, due to complications during her labour.
Queen Anne of Romania was the wife of King Michael I of Romania.
Prince Pierre was an officer in the Union and French Navies and a global traveler.
Its building, located on the left bank of the Tigris River, survived the Mongol invasion and has been restored.
He established his capital at Al-Hazm on the road from Rustaq to the coast.
He married Mu Ji, the daughter of Duke Xian of Jin, and married his daughter Huai Ying to two of Duke Xian's sons.
Captured at the battle of Lincoln in 1141, Stephen was abandoned by many of his followers and lost control of Normandy.
In Æthelweard's Chronicon, Latin translation of the Anglo-Saxon Chronicle a third brother and co-king, Ingwær, is also killed at Tettenhall.
She had been a concubine of Emperor Wen, and she became empress dowager because her son Liu Jun later became emperor.
Bagyidaw was the seventh king of the Konbaung dynasty of Burma from 1819 until his abdication in 1837.
Ivan I Daniilovich Kalita was Grand Duke of Moscow from 1325 and Vladimir from 1332.
Regardless, many sources refer to him as Tomislav II King of Croatia and the nominal head of the NDH during its first two years.
In some sources, she is referred to as Clara Isabella Eugenia.
Thado Minsaw raised her mother Saw Myat Lay to chief queen.
Evidence for this view is provided by the French Revolution, which broke out 15 years after his death.
On 6 April 1472, she became the first wife of Philip II, Duke of Savoy.
Prince Hashem bin Abdullah is the fourth child and second son of King Abdullah II and Queen Rania.
After earning a bachelor of arts degree from Trinity College, Cambridge, Charles served in the Royal Navy from 1971 to 1976.
As Governor, she formally defined the boundaries, names and number of Sienese Contrade — akin to administrative divisions — in 1729.
His late wife, the former Tokiko Yoshikawa, was the daughter of the president of Yoshikawa Optical Instruments.
Sheikh Saqr bin Moḥammad Al Qasimi was the Emîr of Ras Al Khaimah, an emirate on the Persian Gulf, from 1948 to 2010.
She left a considerable architectural legacy in Turin, and was responsible for the remodelling of the Palazzo Madama, which was her private residence.
Under his rule, Armenian power in Cilicia was at its apogee: his kingdom extended from Isauria to the Amanus Mountains.
Lin Xiangru's actions again caused the Qin to lose face and earned him great acclaim throughout China.
Following the death of Agila in 554, he was sole ruler for the rest of his reign.
During their feud, Germanicus became ill in Antioch, where he died on 10 October AD 19.
Although he was a staunch opponent of Christianity, Galerius ended the Diocletianic Persecution when he issued an edict of toleration in 311.
Among them, marriages to Zizi Lambrino and Princess Helen of Greece and Denmark, daughter of King Constantine I of Greece.
Conflicting theories ascribe her a Venetian, Jewish or Greek origin.
Subsequently, Duke Wen ascended the throne, and executed 70 people who were responsible for his father's death.
He was deified by the Senate and his ashes were laid to rest under Trajan's Column.
John the Fearless, also known as John of Valois and John I of Burgundy, was Duke of Burgundy from 1404 to 1419.
He was the second son of King Adolf Frederick of Sweden and Louisa Ulrika of Prussia, sister of Frederick II of Prussia.
She was a daughter of Pere II Ramon de Montcada and Elisenda de Pinos.
Mswati II, also known as Mswati and Mavuso III, was the king of Swaziland between 1840 and 1868.
Duke Zao reigned for fourteen years and died in 429 BC.
She is also a competitive figure skater, and represented Monaco in figure skating at the 2015 European Youth Olympic Festival, held in Austria.
As such, Karl was a great-great-grandson of Queen Victoria and Alexander II of Russia.
After the partition of the principality in 1603, he ruled the principality of Anhalt-Dessau from 1603 to 1618.
She was a favorite of the king but later executed for trying to poison the king.
She died during the reign of Sithu II, and was succeeded by another queen as the Queen of the Central Palace.
Michael was a son of the Georgian king David VI Narin and his wife, Tamar Amanelisdze, or a Palaeologian princess.
Helen of Hungary, also known as Helen the Fair, was a queen consort of Croatia.
His maternal first cousins included Carlos I of Portugal, Infante Afonso, Duke of Porto, Frederick Augustus III of Saxony, and Princess Maria Josepha of Saxony.
João's reign would be a turbulent one, seeing Napoleonic invasion of Portugal and the loss of the Portuguese Empire's largest and wealthiest colony, Brazil.
She also was renowned for her cleverness, skill at writing poetry, and as a leader of fashion.
Compared to his grandfather, Zhao Mo was considered a weak king and allowed Nanyue to fall under the influence of China.
Despite her husband being the Prince of Condé, he continued to use the title of Duke of Bourbon, the title by which his wife was known.
Zsófia Szilágyi was a Hungarian noblewoman from the House of Szilágyi, she was the daughter of László Szilágyi and Katalin Bellyéni.
He was a Sisodiya Rajput and son of Rana Sanga and the elder brother of Udai Singh II.
Unfazed, Qutb Shah struck at Vinukonda and seized the fort.
Zeta was finally regained by Stefan in 1216.
Alexandru Ioan Cuza was Prince of Moldavia, Prince of Wallachia, and later Domnitor of the Romanian Principalities.
Like his father, al-Mustarshid, ar-Rashid made another failed attempt at independence from Seljuq Turks.
He is accepted as a ruler of Bulgaria by Bulgarian historiography.
"From time to time her mind wandered, and her father and brothers all agreed in telling me she was insane," writes Jahangir.
He is the eldest son of Maximilian, Margrave of Baden and Archduchess Valerie of Austria.
William Longsword, was the second ruler of Normandy, from 927 until his assassination in 942.
Unlike the Khwarazm Shahs that succeeded him, he was not a descendant of Anush Tigin.
She greatly distrusted her nephew, German Emperor Wilhelm II, and supported her son during the First World War, in which Britain and its allies fought Germany.
Charles II's father, Charles I, was executed at Whitehall on 30 January 1649, at the climax of the English Civil War.
Alfonso II died in Palermo, Sicily, Italy.
He sponsored the translation of the Bible into English that would later be named after him: the Authorised King James Version.
Allowed to return to Haïti, Faustin died at Petit-Goâve on 6 August 1867 and was buried at Fort Soulouque.
Casimir IV KG of the Jagiellonian dynasty was Grand Duke of Lithuania from 1440 and King of Poland from 1447, until his death.
His marriage only produced one daughter, Sayyida Khanfora bint Majid.
Clovis is important in the historiography of France as "the first king of what would become France".
She and her late husband, Richard, 6th Prince of Sayn-Wittgenstein-Berleburg, have three children.
Unhappy and disillusioned with the state of Germany after World War I, Friedrich Christian turned to the Nazi Party as a solution for the country's ills.
From 1599 onward, he was forced to deal with a Lan Xang backed rebellion in Nan, and a Siam-backed rebellion in Chiang Rai and Chiang Saen.
Von Tiefen's date of birth is unknown, although it is believed he hailed from Switzerland.
She was the mother of Queen Isabella I "the Catholic".
Nayef ruled in his older brother's stead until 6 September 1951, when Talal was judged fit to assume his royal duties.
It seems that the early Sultanate of Brunei was dependent on Chinese support, and perhaps early Sultans were of Chinese origin.
Her unsuccessful rebellion against Peshwa Balaji Baji Rao resulted in the downfall of the Dabhade family.
He extended his domain into regions southeast of Lithuania proper during the 1230s and 1240s.
As she grew older, Charlotte developed a penchant for spreading gossip and causing trouble.
Within a year of his accession he invaded Kent, where his armies destroyed the city of Rochester.
He was 16 and thus considered underage and his uncles Prince Gundakar and Maximillian acted as regents until 1632.
He was the first recorded sitting Kyabazinga to die in office.
With effect from 1 April 1949 his title was raised to Maha Rajpramukh.
By then, her fragile constitution was undermined by her numerous pregnancies and by tuberculosis which afflicted her since 1863.
He is the heir apparent to the headship of the princely house.
She married John Charleton, 1st Baron Cherleton,, and their descendants owned the lordship until the late 16th century.
Rajyavardhana, also known as Rajya Vardhan, was the eldest son of Prabhakarvardhana.
He was a member of the House of Palatinate-Birkenfeld-Zweibrücken, a branch of the House of Wittelsbach.
Isabella, married 1247 Sir Maurice de Berkeley of Berkeley, Gloucestershire.
In 411 BC, during the administration of the Four Hundred, he made an unsuccessful attempt on Athens itself.
King Xiaowen of Qin was a Chinese king, who had a very brief reign.
He wrote a book of memoirs, My Life in Russia's Service, published after his death.
Catherine became Queen consort of Serbia by her marriage to Stephen Dragutin of Serbia.
He was born Xiong Jian and Du'ao was his posthumous title.
Royal Noble Consort Su of the Bannam Park clan was a concubine of King Jeongjo.
In 1350, Yaji converted to Islam, relinquished the Hausa Animisnt Cult of Tsumbubura and proclaimed Kano a Sultanate.
She was married and later divorced from the late head of the House of Mecklenburg-Strelitz, Georg Alexander, Duke of Mecklenburg.
Chang of Goryeo was the 33rd and youngest ruler of the Goryeo Dynasty of Korea.
He is mentioned by Al-Masudi as ruling over Samur in 916 CE.
He ruled Gwalior State in northern India from 1745 to 1755, succeeding his father Ranoji Rao Scindia who had founded it.
Queen Inhyeon was the second Queen consort of King Sukjong of Joseon and one of the best known Queens of the Joseon Dynasty.
In 1791 he assisted Kamehameha in defeating Keōua Kuahuʻula the chief of Kaʻū and Puna.
Her Royal Highness Princess Sasibongse Prabai or Phra Chao Boromwongse Ther Phra Ong Chao Sasibongse Prabai, was the Princess of Siam Rajasam Bharakorn.
Monivong was the grandson of the poet-king Ang Duong, grandfather of Norodom Sihanouk and the great-grandfather of the current king, Norodom Sihamoni.
She was the autonomous Regent of Berum and Norden in Ostfriesland from 1599 to 1610.
Cesare d'Este was Duke of Modena and Reggio from 1597 until his death.
Bentor's mother was probably named Hañagua, although this is unclear.
He was of Sabine origin, and many of Rome's most important religious and political institutions are attributed to him.
James V was King of Scotland from 9 September 1513 until his death, which followed the Scottish defeat at the Battle of Solway Moss.
Duke Gong of Chen was the eighteenth ruler of the ancient Chinese state of Chen during the Spring and Autumn period.
Catherine I was the second wife of Peter the Great and Empress of Russia from 1725 until her death.
Li Ezi, later Buddhist nun name Changbei, was an empress dowager of the Chinese/Xianbei dynasty Northern Zhou.
She became the King's third wife in morganatic marriage.
Yang Lihua was an empress of the Chinese/Xianbei dynasty Northern Zhou, and later a princess of Sui Dynasty.
His regnal name, "Guangxu", means "glorious succession".
Infanta Maria Antónia of Portugal was a Portuguese infanta, the seventh and last child of usurper Miguel of Portugal and Adelaide of Löwenstein-Wertheim-Rosenberg.
Sultan Nooraddeen was born on 21 April 1887.
Very attractive, she had a turbulent love life and was frequently part of scandal during the reign of her father Louis XIV.
Her elder brother Minye Kyawhtin of Toungoo had raised a rebellion there from 1451 to 1459.
He nevertheless continued to exercise some ruling powers and faced several further onslaughts by the Acehnese in 1617,1635 and 1638 and from Johor in 1638.
Constance was Duchess of Brittany from 1166 to her death in 1201 and Countess of Richmond from 1171 to 1201.
He bore the title of Duke of Transylvania between 1339 and 1342 but did not administer the province.
Sarduri IV was one of the last kings of Urartu, reigning from 615 to 595 BC.
Maria Anna Victoria of Bavaria, Dauphine of France was Dauphine of France by marriage to Louis, Grand Dauphin, son and heir of Louis XIV.
He was married in c. 1223 to Matilda II, Countess of Boulogne.
He was the second son of King Béla I of Hungary.
Finally, Aurangzeb and the Rana signed a peace treaty, and Aurangzeb turned his attention to the Marathas in the Deccan.
He reigned until he was deposed in 1862.
Shō Shin's long reign has been described as "the Great Days of Chūzan", a period of great peace and relative prosperity.
Lü Ji or Yong Ji was a Shang dynasty King of China.
Stephen I Krešimirović was a King of Croatia from c. 1030 until 1058 and a member of House of Trpimirović, first of the Krešimirović branch.
In 58, Faustus Sulla was exiled, and in 62 he was murdered at the order of the Emperor Nero.
After some time Prithvi Narayan Shah attacked Lalitpur and Jaya Prakash Malla along with Tej Narasimha Malla ran to Bhaktapur to seek asylum.
The son of Jitamitra Malla he continued his fathers ambitious work in construction and completed the 55 window palace in Bhaktapur which remains today.
Abu'l-Hasan Ali ibn al-Hasan, better known by his laqab of Fakhr al-Dawla was the Buyid amir of Jibal, Hamadan and Gurgan and Tabaristan.
There are conflicting claims about Uliana's last years and her burial place.
Prince Albert's sisters are Caroline, Princess of Hanover, and Princess Stéphanie.
He initiated the Barons' Crusade, was famous as a trouvère, and was the first Frenchman to rule Navarre.
Harald Sigtryggsson was a Viking leader who ruled Limerick in the early 10th century.
His invasion of Siam ended Siam's Ayutthaya Dynasty.
The Pope granted John V the style "Most Faithful Majesty," which appealed to him greatly.
The late King Baudouin of Belgium, and former King Albert II of Belgium, were his two older half-brothers.
He was the nephew of the previous Grand Master, Ludwig von Erlichshausen, and a distant relative to the 27th Grand Master, Heinrich von Plauen.
Upon his death the throne passed to his brother Ceolwulf.
Her marriage was marked by frequent tensions.
As a young woman, Princess Xenia's appearance in contemporary newspapers was almost entirely the result of seemingly never-ending rumors of suitors, engagements, and marriages.
With the end of the Second World War in 1945, he concluded his military career with the rank of Colonel.
The King had not consummated his marriage and had decided to give the task of providing an heir to the throne to his brother.
Si Saowaphak was said to be without ability.
He had a distinguished career as a soldier and patron of music.
He also practiced meritocracy and encouraged religious tolerance in the Mongol Empire, and unified the nomadic tribes of Northeast Asia.
He reinstituted traditional ceremonies as public displays and broadened the range of people with whom royalty socialised.
Dục Đức, was Emperor of Vietnam for three days, from 20–23 July 1883.
The queen was described in a well-known eigyin-style poem/song by the famous poet Nawaday, who served at the Prome court.
His second name in Ancient Greek means "Sun"; this was the counterpart of his twin sister’s second name Selene, meaning "Moon".
Sancho IV of Castile called the Brave, was the King of Castile, León and Galicia from 1284 to his death.
Alexei Petrovich Romanov was a Russian Tsarevich.
Mahendrapala appears to have retained the Pala control over Bengal and Bihar.
Auisle or Óisle was a Viking leader in Ireland and Scotland in the mid-late ninth century.
It was during his reign the Malayalam calendar known as the Kollam era commenced.
So Emperor Wu of Han sent an army to attack Minyue, beginning the Han–Minyue wars.
Though by no means an heiress of her grandmother, she was intended to wed the heir of her grandmother's older sister.
He was a son of Rana Sanga.
He accepted the offer and was crowned on 4 November 1619, as Frederick I.
He created her empress., although Yuwen Eying's birth year is not clear.)
After the death of Ghiyath in 1202, he became the successor of the Ghurid Empire and ruled until his assassination in 1206.
A claimant to the Polish throne, Władysław the Elbow-high, who had started conquering Polish territories during the rule of Wenceslaus's father, captured Cracow in early 1306.
According to the Hungarian historian, György Györffy, Michael received a ducatus or duchy from his brother, Grand Prince Géza.
An Qingxu served as the Prince of Jin in 756–757, and later killed his father and took the imperial title for himself.
Durjan Singha Dev was the fifty-third king of the Mallabhum.
Wu was the concubine of Emperor Taizong.
In 1510, she was further raised in rank by the then reigning emperor.
He ruled Prussia during the difficult times of the Napoleonic Wars and the end of the Holy Roman Empire.
Gallienus was Roman Emperor with his father Valerian from 253 to 260 and alone from 260 to 268.
He established links to the Western powers, allowing the United Kingdom and United States to open military bases in the country in return for economic aid.
At Samarra, the Turks were having problems with the "Westerners"; while the Arabs and Persians at Baghdad, who had supported al-Musta'in, regarded both with equal hatred.
He employed a large number of Household Guards in the Palace and around the capital, and always traveled with an extensive security detail.
Jovinus is a Roman cognomen, most often used for a 5th-century Roman usurper emperor.
Yaroslav II, Christian name Theodor was the Grand Prince of Vladimir who helped to restore his country and capital after the Mongol invasion of Russia.
"Chongzhen," the era name of his reign, means "honorable and auspicious."
Meng Zhixiang was an in-law of the Later Tang ruling family, who went by the family name Li.
He was titular Duke of Finland 1590–1606 and reigning Duke of Östergötland 1606–18.
When Bernhard died, was succeeded by his only surviving son Johann Wilhelm, born of his first wife after their reconciliation in 1675.
In Hawaiian, her name Kekāuluohi means the vine growing with shoots.
Ikshvaku was the first king of the Ikshvaku dynasty and the Kingdom of Kosala in ancient India.
Many people attribute his death to Indian agents.
Frederick continued the work of his father.
The governor started out his career in the military service of King Sithu II of Pagan, rising to commander-in-chief of the royal army.
He descended from a younger branch of the Árpád dynasty.
He is an author and works as the president of the royal projects for the king.
He ruled Saxony jointly with his uncle Albert II and his brothers Albert III and John II, first fostered by Albert II, until coming of age.
Philip the Good was Duke of Burgundy as Philip III from 1419 until his death.
His campaigns were considered "world-conquering" in the context of medieval India.
Elizabeth, married William IV, Duke of Jülich-Berg in 1472
Oistin mac Amlaíb was a ninth-century Norse or Norse-Gael leader who is sometimes identified as a King of Dublin.
Bakshi Banu was thus the older half-sister of the Mughal Emperor Akbar.
She was the only wife of Mohammed Nadir Shah and the mother of Mohammed Zahir Shah, both Kings of Afghanistan.
William inherited the principality of Orange from his father, William II, who died a week before William's birth.
She is also known as the Lady of Cancuén.
Baldwin I of Jerusalem, formerly Baldwin I of Edessa, born Baldwin of Boulogne, 1058?
Prince Charles of Hesse-Kassel was a cadet member of the house of Hesse-Kassel and a Danish general field marshal.
He founded the House of Bourbon-Parma, a cadet line of the Spanish branch of the dynasty.
However, the king died in 1038, and the new monarch, Peter the Venetian, removed Samuel from his post.
They had a child who became Ramon Berenguer IV as count of Provence.
Kanipahu was a son of Kaniuhu and Hiliamakani.
Khentkaus III, often called Khentakawess III by news media, was an ancient Egyptian queen who lived during the Fifth Dynasty, around 2450 BC.
The third ranked queen of the five queens was a daughter of the saopha of Mong Pai.
Ælfwine was the King of Deira from 670 to 679.
John was a King of Saxony and a member of the House of Wettin.
She is the eldest grandchild of Emperor Akihito and Empress Michiko.
Empress Xiaoshengxian was a consort of the Yongzheng Emperor of the Qing dynasty.
By turning the waters to flood the lands of Mantineia, he succeeded in drawing the army of the Mantineans and Athenians down to the level ground.
Despite Kulothunga Chola I being his maternal uncle, it did not stop the Chola sovereign from burning Anantavarman's empire.
In 1303, Kinshi became a court lady of Emperor Go-Nijō.
Christopher I was King of Denmark between 1252 and 1259.
Further, Kutch was attacked by marauding band from Sindh.
She was also a maternal great-aunt of Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh, the consort of Elizabeth II.
Upon her marriage to fascist propagandist and foreign minister Galeazzo Ciano she became Edda Ciano, Countess of Cortellazzo and Buccari.
Date of birth is not known, but is probably before 957.
She was the daughter of Frederick II, Holy Roman Emperor, King of Sicily and Germany, by his third wife, Isabella of England.
Wilhelm August, Duke of Saxe-Eisenach was a duke of Saxe-Eisenach.
In addition to his claim on the thrones of Denmark and later Norway, he was in the direct succession line to the throne of Sweden.
Marie of Orléans was the elder sister of King Louis XII of France.
During her regency in Hungary, Elizabeth faced several rebellions led by John Horvat and John of Palisna, who attempted to take advantage of Mary's insecure reign.
He ruled for about 29 years before his death.
Jia'ao was from 544 to 541 BC the king of Chu, a major power during the Spring and Autumn period of ancient China.
Her first marriage took place in Brussels on 16 July 1409, to Antoine, Duke of Brabant.
She was a paternal aunt of King Swa Saw Ke of Ava.
Born Xiong Zhao, he succeeded his father King Gong of Chu.
The only territories under the Duke's control were the traditional capitals Jiang and Quwo.
After Aurangzeb's death his eldest son, Muhammad Azam Shah, declared himself successor before his defeat in the Battle of Jajau.
It was at Zombodze that the Nguni ceremony incwala was celebrated for the first time.
Deeply religious and very involved in charity work, Alexandra founded a training institute for nurses in St Petersburg in 1865.
Under pressure from England and Burgundy, John ultimately sold Joan to the English for 10,000 livres, thus causing her death.
Grigoris was trampled to death by mounted Maskut soldiers in the Vatnik Valley, near the present-day village of Nughdi 37 south of Derbent.
She was mother of the next sultan, Murad I.
Empress Wu Zetian claimed that her lover Zhang Changzong was a reincarnation of Ji Jin.
Cináed mac Maíl Coluim was King of Scots.
After his death, Augusta Victoria married a second time.
He founded the citadel of Erebuni in 782 BC, which is the present capital of Armenia, Yerevan.
After the death of King Hui of Zhou, Prince Kuan attended another conference in early 652 BC to discuss the succession of the Zhou court.
Her children with Charles II of Lorraine included:
He is buried in the Fenwick Kirk graveyard.
At the time Mahmud was fourteen, and ruled over Iraq and Persia.
Obliged to spend his time studying in preparation for rule, he knew only brief moments of happiness and encountered few friends of his age.
But not everyone accepts that Hla Wun was a queen of Kyawswa, two decades her junior, or that Thitmahti was a sister of Hla Wun.
The Empire, in fact, both at home and abroad, had passed into the hands of Turks.
Sanda Thaditha was a king of the Mrauk-U Dynasty of Arakan.
Consort Qi, also known as Lady Qi, was a consort of Emperor Gaozu, founder of the Han dynasty.
Bermudo II, called the Gouty, was first a rival king in Galicia and then king of the entire Kingdom of León.
The title was given to the İkbâls and Gözdes of the Sultan, which appeared for the first time in the reign of Sultan Mustafa II.
Abu Bakar became the sovereign ruler of Johor when his father, Temenggong Daing Ibrahim died in 1862.
However, Boris, who was born in the Kievan Rus', regarded himself as the king's lawful son.
Maximilian Karl Albert, Prince of Löwenstein-Wertheim-Rochefort was an Austrian military officer and the first Prince of Löwenstein-Wertheim-Rochefort.
Born Zhu Houcong, he was the former Zhengde Emperor's cousin.
His reign brought a much needed political stability that laid the groundwork for prosperity under his grandson Emperor Wu.
He is best known as one of the leaders of the Boxer Rebellion of 1899–1901.
Edward had succeeded as King of the Anglo-Saxons in 899, and in 909 he sent a West Saxon and Mercian force to raid the northern Danelaw.
In 1937, she married an Italian diplomat, Marchese Francesco Maria Taliani de Marchio.
Phế Đế was downgraded to Prince Linh Đức and forced to commit suicide and his supporters in royal court were purged by Hồ Quý Ly faction.
Æthelwealh was the first historical king of Sussex.
He declared independence in 1597 after having defeated a 1595–96 invasion by Lan Xang on his own.
In 1171 David was trying to put Vladimir III Mstislavich to a tron, and in a next year his brother Rurik Rostislavich.
Rocafort began dating the Count in New York City before his first marriage to Edelmira Sampedro y Robato ended.
She was the daughter of Baldwin II of Jerusalem and the Armenian noblewoman Morphia.
Æthelflæd was succeeded by her daughter Ælfwynn, but in December Edward took personal control of Mercia and carried Ælfwynn off to Wessex.
Her Royal Highness Princess Vichitra Chiraprabha or Somdet Phra Chao Boromwongse Ther Chao Fa Vichitra Chiraprabha, was the Princess of Siam.
Abu'l-Abbas Ahmad ibn Talha al-Muwaffaq, better known by his regnal name al-Mu'tadid bi-llah was the Abbasid Caliph in Baghdad from 892 until his death in 902.
Princess Wilhelmina Louisa of Hessen-Darmstadt, married Grand Duke Pavel Petrovich of Russia, later emperor
She was the daughter of Peter II of Courtenay and Yolanda of Flanders.
Karin Månsdotter was Queen of Sweden, first a mistress and then, for a few months in 1568, the consort of Eric XIV of Sweden.
When his father was assassinated by a Mạc supporter, his brother-in-law Trịnh Kiểm took command of the Lê Loyalist army.
He died of tuberculosis on the 28 April 1939 at his estate in Bestwina, in southern Poland.
Ndvungunye died around 1815 after being struck by lightning.
According to Korean historical sources, Chen Li left no issue.
He greatly expanded the boundaries of the empire, and made the Palas a dominant power in the northern and eastern India.
Min Saw O was king of Arakan for six months in 1515.
To distinguish her from other infantas of the same name, she is commonly known as Eleanor of Viseu or Eleanor of Lancaster.
Following her marriage to Ernest Frederick III, Duke of Saxe-Hildburghausen, she became Duchess of Saxe-Hildburghausen.
William II, the third son of William I of England, was King of England from 1087 until 1100, with powers over Normandy, and influence in Scotland.
James I of Bourbon of Bourbon) was the son of Louis I, Duke of Bourbon and Mary of Avesnes.
In September 96, Domitian was succeeded by Marcus Cocceius Nerva, an old and childless senator who proved to be unpopular with the army.
The Burman leadership of the kingdom was now unquestioned.
Maria Asenina of Bulgaria was a Bulgarian princess and empress consort.
Pedro I died of tuberculosis on 24 September 1834, just a few months after he and the liberals had emerged victorious.
She did not follow Minye Kyawswa to Kyaukmaw where he was appointed governor-general.
He was succeeded by his uncle Krishna I who extended his kingdom to all of Karnataka.
Kamehameha I, also known as Kamehameha the Great, was the founder and first ruler of the Kingdom of Hawaii.
On 1 February 2013, King Abdullah named him as Second Deputy Prime Minister, being the fifth Saudi royal to hold this position.
In 1863, to prevent the two powerful neighbours, Vietnam and Siam, from swallowing Cambodia altogether he was invited by France to make Cambodia its protectorate.
As a result, George was unpopular with his Dutch brother-in-law William of Orange, who was married to Anne's elder sister, Mary.
Both his great-grandfather and grandfather were Jinshi, the highest Chinese academic title roughly equivalent to a doctoral.
In 1675 Andriamampandry and the nobles of Imerina deposed him in favor of his younger brother.
He reigned as King of Denmark and Norway from 1513 until 1523 and of Sweden from 1520 until 1521.
Their son Selim II succeeded Suleiman following his death in 1566 after 46 years of rule.
However, he had to resign from his army post and leave the country.
The Cathars or Albigenses rejected the authority and the teachings of the Catholic Church.
Johanna Marau Taʻaroa a Tepau Salmon was the last Queen of Tahiti.
She was born in Graz, and was the mother of Prince Hans-Adam II of Liechtenstein.
She was the youngest child of King Charles XI and Ulrika Eleonora of Denmark and named after her mother.
Upon his father's death in 1461, Stephen Tomašević ascended as King of Bosnia, a kingdom whose existence was being increasingly threatened by the Ottomans.
Samant Tarachand was a cousin of Rana Chhatar Singh.
The marriage, which was performed secretly in France, took place during the reign of her brother Henry VIII and without his consent.
He was the son of Henry II and of his wife Juana Manuel of Castile.
Bejaratana Rajasuda was the only child of the King Vajiravudh of Thailand.
The French stormed the palace and Tôn Thất Thuyết took Emperor Hàm Nghi and three empresses into hiding.
Ado's son, Gabaro was the second Oba of Lagos.
Of her other sisters, Hodierna married Raymond II of Tripoli, and Ioveta became abbess of the convent in Bethany.
In the third year of his reign he sent troops against the barbarians of Danshan.
He ruled Saxony jointly with his uncle Albert II and his brothers Albert III and Eric I, first fostered by Albert II, until coming of age.
Pier Luigi Farnese was the first Duke of Parma, Piacenza and Castro, from 1545 to 1547.
One of the greatest heiresses in history, she died unmarried and childless, leaving her vast fortune to her cousin, Philippe of France.
His name at birth was Prince Nguyễn Phúc Bửu Đảo.
Lakshmana Sena, also called Lakshman Sen in modern vernaculars, was the ruler from the Sena dynasty of the Bengal region on the Indian subcontinent.
Louise was named after her paternal grandmother, the Belgian queen Louise of Orleans, and her mother.
This last Khan left many sons and grandsons; the details of the lives of all of them have not, however, been preserved in the Moghul traditions.
In 1310, John married his second wife, Isabella of Castile.
Stephen Tomašević was the last sovereign from the Bosnian Kotromanić dynasty.
Anne Gonzaga was an Italian French noblewoman and salonist.
The queenship of Catherine, who at that point embraced Roman Catholicism, was marked with an energetic construction of churches throughout the country.
Queen Kham-Oun I, was queen consort of Laos from 1904 to 1915 by marriage to king Sisavang Vong.
Eric Magnusson was the King of Norway from 1280 until 1299.
Thus she is the maternal grandmother of George II
Emperor Xian of Han, personal name Liu Xie, courtesy name Bohe, was the last emperor of the Eastern Han dynasty in ancient China.
This allowed him to purchase Als and Sundeved, making him the largest landowner in Schleswig.
The latter approached Tmutarakan with his army and Rostislav was forced to leave the city.
Before his reign, Philip occupied an exalted place in the royal family of France as a grandson of King Louis XIV.
Gongsar Ugyen Wangchuck was the first Druk Gyalpo from 1907–1926.
Pagan emerged a major power alongside the Khmer Empire in Southeast Asia, recognized as a sovereign kingdom by the Chinese Song Dynasty, and Indian Chola dynasty.
She was an adopted child, as were most of her siblings.
It was at university that she met her future husband, Prince Bernhard.
The Turks attempted his release, but al-Mu'tazz, the more alarmed, resolved on his death.
Later that year Egbert received the submission of the Northumbrian king at Dore.
Until then King Prithvi only had four daughters and four from another wife.
He was born and died in Madrid, Spain.
During his reign, the Jin dynasty launched several military campaigns against the Han Chinese-led Southern Song dynasty in southern China.
Kardam arrived with his army on July 20 and occupied the neighboring heights.
Despite Bannockburn and the capture of the final English stronghold at Berwick in 1318, Edward II refused to renounce his claim to the overlordship of Scotland.
After Charles III William died in 1738, Magdalena Wilhelmine held a post in the guardian government for her nine-year-old grandson Charles Frederick.
Joan of Dammartin was Queen consort of Castile and León, suo jure Countess of Ponthieu and Aumale.
Therefore, when King Xiaocheng died, instead of welcoming the rightful heir back to Handan, Guo Kai proclaimed Zhao Yan as king instead.
Being an Eastern Orthodox Christian, he converted to Islam prior to his appointment as governor of Kandahar.
The Book of Hours, known as the Hours of Jeanne d'Evreux, is in The Cloisters collection of the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York.
She was named after her great-grandmother, Barbara of Cilli, Holy Roman Empress.
He was succeeded by his son Pratap Singh.
In 549, he was assassinated by his servant Lan Jing, and his younger brother Gao Yang took over the control over the Eastern Wei regime.
Da Geng or Tai Geng was a king of the Shang dynasty of ancient China.
Argishti I, was the sixth known king of Urartu, reigning from 786 BC to 764 BC.
By 1389 Richard had regained control, and for the next eight years governed in relative harmony with his former opponents.
In 1013, shortly before his death, he became the first Danish king of England after a long effort.
After her father was deposed during the Egyptian Revolution of 1952, the Princess lived in Italy for two years.
The prince was the senior of the two sons of King Uzana.
By his queen Ingeborg Thrandsdotter, he was the father of Styrbjörn Starke and Gyrid, queen consort of King Harald Bluetooth.
He was a contemporary of Abd ar-Rahman II, Umayyad Emir of Córdoba.
Until his accession to the throne of France, he held the title of Count of Provence as brother of King Louis XVI.
the Singhalas, Western Chalukya Empire, Pandyas and even the Cheras, with each adversary either trying to become free or declaring a war on the Cholas.
Sima Qian says "from this time on, the many lords mostly rebelled against royal commands."
Later he was chief of German propaganda and director of German espionage in Switzerland.
Prince Francis of Teck GCVO DSO, was the second son of the Duke of Teck and brother of Queen Mary, queen consort to King George V.
His other daughter Parwar Khanam was married to Mohtashim Khan, the son of Mughal Emperor Jahangir's foster brother Qutubuddin Koka.
She belonged to the khel Babakar and was the third daughter of Sardar Muhammad Asif Khan and of his second wife, Murwarid Begum.
The Namelist of Bulgarian Rulers states that he belonged to the Ukil clan and ruled for 17 years.
Frederick IX died in 1972, and was succeeded by his eldest daughter, Margrethe.
He was awarded a BA degree in Communications and Media from the University of San Francisco in 2004.
His brothers and half brothers included Prince Charles of Trastámara and Viana and King Ferdinand II of Aragon, called the Catholic.
She was one of the prominent figures during the Sultanate of Women.
Marie of Prussia was Queen of Bavaria and the mother of Kings Ludwig II and Otto of Bavaria.
Judith of Thuringia, a member of the Ludovingian dynasty, was Queen consort of Bohemia from 1158 until 1172 as the second wife of King Vladislaus II.
Empress Dowager Eishō was the empress consort of Emperor Kōmei of Japan.
His empire was unstable, with large portions governed by jealous and unreliable satraps and inhabited by disaffected and rebellious subjects.
Tigranes’ name is a reflection of his Armenian and Hellenic lineage.
Some linguists believe that the name Argištiše has Indo-European etymology.
Dona Paula was a princess of the Empire of Brazil and thus, a member of the Brazilian branch of the Portuguese House of Braganza.
Eoppa was a member of the direct male line from Cerdic to Egbert, within the House of Wessex family tree, although he never ruled.
While scripture had described her and emperor Ashoka visiting Nepal, no archaeological evidences were present till 2003.
Marguerite Louise eventually abandoned Tuscany for the Convent of Montmartre.
Zylda, who was married with Guilhelmo Sánchez
He was awarded the royal title "Thiri Maha Dhamma Yaza" after his son became king.
Nguyễn Hoàng had many children but most of them either lost their lives in the battlefields or stayed in the North.
After the death of his first wife he married Countess Maria Kreszentia of Königsegg-Rothenfels and had three more children:
Claudius was constantly forced to shore up his position; this resulted in the deaths of many senators.
The Ambassador went on to say "He dresses very tastefully, and everything that he does is courteous and gracious."
After seizing most of eastern and central Hungary in 1526, the Ottomans’ advance was halted at their failed Siege of Vienna in 1529.
In July 1870, Napoleon entered the Franco-Prussian War without allies and with inferior military forces.
He was commonly known as The Truthful.
Princess Marie of Hanover, is the wife of Count Michael von Hochberg.
Hermann works in London for RBC Global Asset Management Inc., a division of the Royal Bank of Canada.
Berthe was a Princess of Rohan and member of the House of Rohan by birth.
Duchess Marie Thérèse of Württemberg also known as Duchess of Montpensier, is a German-born aristocrat.
Björn Ironside was a legendary king of Sweden who lived sometime in the 9th century.
In 1926, Kirill proclaimed himself emperor in exile and Victoria supported her husband's claims.
George III and Charlotte had 15 children, 13 of whom survived to adulthood.
While en route to Ely he was blinded and soon after died of his wounds.
The world's first seamless celestial globe was built by Mughal scientists under the patronage of Jahangir.
The duchess Elizabeth moved to Austria, where she should live themselves in the future in the proximity of her husband, still imperial prissioner.
It reflected Nanda's desire not to have a strong ruler in Upper Burma to be in a position to challenge him while he dealt with Siam.
He is generally credited with the establishment of the Jixia Academy.
He was son of Malcolm I and succeeded to the throne when Indulf was killed in 962.
Gradinja was a Byzantine exponent, however, the power and territorial extent of Duklja was, in the time of his reign, greatly decreased.
She is a daughter of Prince Irakli Bagration of Mukhrani and Infanta María de las Mercedes de Baviera y Borbón.
Harthacnut died suddenly in 1042 and was succeeded by Magnus in Denmark and Edward the Confessor in England.
He had two elder brothers named Shō Kyō and Shō Bun, but both of them died before their father.
Later, when Rama defeated Ravana, Rama crowned Vibhishana as the king of Lanka.
She had a younger brother, Prince Benbadhanabongse, the Prince Pijaya Mahindrarodom.
His death is commonly estimated at about 999, but a recently published document shows him still living in 1002.
Kyaswa's reign like his father's was largely peaceful but the depletion of the royal treasury due to large tax-free religious landholdings became more pronounced.
They remained there until 1927 then divided their time between the United Kingdom and Venice.
On 30 November 1795, he married Johanne Henriette Valentine Kaas of Mur, daughter of Admiral Frederik Christian Kaas and his wife Edele Sophie Kaas.
Francis held the titles of Count of Hohenstein, Prince and later Duke of Teck and was granted the style His Serene Highness in 1863.
His brother Æthelbald was left in charge of the West Saxons.
However, in 1081, Gao Zhisheng and Gao Shengtai forced Duan Shouhui to abdicate and replaced him with Duan Zhengming.
From birth she was heir presumptive to the Dutch throne.
Raja Ram was a Jat leader who organised a rebellion against Aurangzeb.
He served as a Member of Parliament for the constituency of Herzogtum Lauenburg from 1953 to 1965, and as a member of the foreign affairs committee.
Born in 1690, she died at Auchans on 18 March 1780 at the age of 90.
Edward III was a temperamental man but capable of unusual clemency.
He remained an army general in many famous Sikh battles up until his martyrdom in the battle of Naushera.
Christoph Johann von Medem died in Mitau on 24 February 1838.
It may also have reflected his utter lack of understanding of what was happening to him, and to his lost kingdom.
He is commonly styled Duke of Cádiz, the title he held before his marriage.
From her six siblings, only she and two older sisters survive adulthood: Elisabeth Auguste and Maria Anna.
He was the fourth son of King Æthelwulf of Wessex.
She criticised and disapproved of many of Joseph's actions.
It is said that Makobo Modjadji had the ability to control the clouds and rivers.
He also founded the Marbella Club Hotel.
The nickname by which he is usually referred has no certain translation.
Some of his battles, though successful, caused him heavy losses, from which the term Pyrrhic victory was coined.
Prince Xhelal Bey Zogu was a son of Xhemal Pasha Zogu and Melek Zogu.
Drusus Julius Caesar, was the son of Emperor Tiberius, and heir to the Roman Empire following the death of his adoptive brother Germanicus in AD 19.
The queen was a commoner from a small village called Linyin, located somewhere in the north.
He was fathered by King Xiang of Zhou as Prince Rénchén.
During her reign as Raja Permaisuri Agong, she was known as Tuanku Siti Aishah.
Girdhar Pratap Singh Rana was the ruler of Gohad Jat state in Madhya Pradesh, India.
Gruffudd laid the foundations which were built upon by his son Owain Gwynedd and his great-grandson Llywelyn the Great.
He was the last of the Seljuq sultans to wield any significant power and died a vassal of the Mongols.
Emperor Sanjō was the 67th emperor of Japan, according to the traditional order of succession.
Xiong Li was an early ruler of the state of Chu during the early Zhou Dynasty of ancient China.
Matilda was buried in St Denis Abbey, but her tomb is not preserved.
Richard FitzAlan, 10th Earl of Arundel and 8th Earl of Surrey was an English nobleman and medieval military leader and distinguished admiral.
Bir Malla was the forty-seventh king of the Bagdi Malla dynasty of Mallabhum.
Rao Jaimal died in Chittorgarh in February, 1568.
He used explorer Henry Morton Stanley to help him lay claim to the Congo, the present-day Democratic Republic of the Congo.
Constance died in 1176, aged 51–52 by which time her brother Louis was king of France.
The couple has three daughters: Masako, Nobuko, and Akiko.
Daigo's reign spanned the years from 897 through 930.
Osred reached his majority in 715 or 716, and within a very short period he was killed.
She has one daughter from this marriage:
Razadarit's struggles against Minkhaung I and Minye Kyawswa are retold as classic stories of legend in Burmese popular culture.
Godred was an important maternal ancestor of Clann Somairle, a family that held power in the Isles centuries after the final extinction of the Crovan dynasty.
After the birth of Jagiello's sons in 1424 and 1427, Hedwig had some support for her claims to the throne.
Through her marriage to William, Duke of Nassau, Louise was also a member of the House of Nassau-Weilburg and Duchess consort of Nassau.
Rejected due to her age, the marriage never took place and she was sent back to Spain.
Sitriuc mac Ímair was a ninth-century King of Dublin.
Amalia Maria da Gloria Augusta, Princess of Saxe-Weimar-Eisenach, was the first wife of Prince Henry of the Netherlands, son of king William II of the Netherlands.
Maria Anna Josepha of Austria, was a Duchess consort of Jülich-Berg and Electoral Princess of the Palatinate.
Charles died in 1740, sparking the War of the Austrian Succession, which plagued his successor, Maria Theresa, for eight years.
William F. Albright has dated his reign to 837 – 800 BC, while E. R. Thiele offers the dates 835 – 796 BC.
A career naval officer, he held various commands in the Imperial German Navy, eventually rose to the rank of Grand Admiral and Generalinspekteur der Marine.
He reigned in Sulu after his uncle, Sultan Batara Shah Tengah died without an heir.
He received that epithet due to the unfortunate way his reign ended; but at the beginning he acted as a skillful and talented ruler.
Akbar II, also known as Akbar Shah II, was the penultimate Mughal emperor of India.
This belief was more prominent in the Kotte period.
Władysław IV Vasa was a Polish prince from the Royal House of Vasa.
The Empress was a dutiful spouse and unfailingly supported the Emperor's positions and never interposed with her own views in public.
Inkhosikati LaShongwe was Queen Regent of Swaziland between 21 September 1982 and 9 August 1983.
After his father died in 825 CE, Kanyaza Gyi lost out the throne to his younger brother Kanyaza Nge.
The dikes around the Betsimitatatra rice fields of Antananarivo were expanded and raised to help ensure against famine.
His early death sent shockwaves throughout Europe, as he was the last serious dynastic hope for the restoration of the Bonapartes to the throne of France.
After his father's death, a throne struggle broke out between Konstantin, Dečanski and their cousin Vladislav II.
Currently, Yi Seok resides in a building renovated for his use by the city of Jeonju, 243 kilometers south of Seoul.
Lucia's date of death is disputed among historians.
He succeeded the last Carolingian king, Louis V.
His wife, Liang Hongyu, was also known to have an exceptional military mind.
Emperor Zhaozong's reign lasted almost 16 years and he was buried in Heling.
His worries focused on the Brandenburger estates of Torgelow and Pasewalk, which the Dukes of Wolgast held since 1369 as securities for a loan.
In 1948 he finished 99th in the alpine skiing downhill event.
The year before, Raja Bajau had died and leaving behind a son, Raja Ibrahim who later succeeded as the next Sultan of Johor-Pahang in 1676.
Khamphoui was the Queen of Laos and consort to His Majesty Sisavang Vatthana, the second King of Laos.
William, Prince of Taranto, Prince of Taranto, Duke of Athens and Neopatria
He succeeded Wa Na Pelepuo in November 1949 and died four years later in 1953.
The close relationship between the Domhnall's family and the Bruces is evidenced by two marriages.
According to historian N. Sethuraman, Rajadhiraja was not the direct descendant of Rajaraja Chola II but was a son of his sister.
He was the eldest son of Asaf Jah III.
Yolande acted as regent of Savoy in 1472-78.
Dub mac Maíl Coluim, sometimes anglicised as Duff MacMalcolm, called Dén, "the Vehement" and Niger, "the Black" was king of Alba.
She was born in Madrid, the daughter of Antoine of Orléans, Duke of Montpensier and of Infanta Luisa Fernanda of Spain.
Coudenhove-Kalergi was the first recipient of the Charlemagne Prize in 1950.
His reign was from 1472 to 1506.
In 1868, she married her distant cousin, Duke Alexander Petrovich of Oldenburg.
Following Malik Shah I's death, successor states split from the Great Seljuq.
He took over the Maratha Empire as its third Chhatrapati after his brother's death at the hands of the Mughal emperor, Aurangzeb in 1689.
She was the wife of Emperor Taizong and the mother of Emperor Gaozong.
She is also the paternal great-great-great grandmother of Elizabeth II.
He is the son of Sultan Iskandar.
The prince was arrested after his father was overthrown in December 1297 by the three brothers of Myinsaing.
He spent the last years of his life mostly in France, dying at Nice on 16 April 1883.
Sophie Charlotte of Hesse-Kassel was a princess of Hesse-Kassel and by marriage Duchess of Mecklenburg.
Sineperver Sultan alias Ayşe was the wife of Sultan Abdulhamid I and Valide Sultan to their son Sultan Mustafa IV of the Ottoman Empire.
King Hāla secured Lilavati and married her.
She married Reginald I, Count of Burgundy and had the following children:
The bride was fourteen years old and the groom almost sixty-six.
In retaliation, the Tsar stripped Kirill of his offices and honours, also initially banishing the couple from Russia.
In turn, they sold it to the Polish king who entered the castle in June 1457.
He commanded the reconstruction of the Great Wall, a project which took the lives of nearly six million workers.
Prince Philip of Yugoslavia, also known as Filip Karađorđević, is a member of the House of Karađorđević.
His reign saw a level of political stability return to the sultanate.
She was the mother of Şehzade Mehmed Seyfeddin and Esma Sultan of the Ottoman Empire.
His descendants would later follow this practice.
He was succeeded by his son Xiong E.
Having been forced into exile after the Glorious Revolution deposed his mother Isabella II from the throne in 1868, Alfonso studied in Austria and France.
He married Bo Ying and was succeeded by their son, King Zhao of Chu.
Given a "nice recommendation" by Russia, Duke Peter von Biron gave up his rights to Russia.
He was a first cousin of Emperor Akihito.
He was originally born a Prince of Sweden and was accorded with the title of Duke of Dalarna but renounced these titles to marry a commoner.
Prince Mirko Dimitri Petrović-Njegoš of Montenegro was born in Cetinje, the second son of King Nicholas I of Montenegro and Milena Vukotic.
Mislav was the Duke of Croatia in c. 835-845.
Letya was appointed governor of Ava in May 1584 by Nanda.
His ancestral name was Ying, and Chuzi was his posthumous name.
His son Vlastimir is the eponymous founder of the Vlastimirović dynasty, which ruled until c. 960.
Irakli Bagration-Mukhraneli was a Georgian prince of the Mukhrani branch of the former royal dynasty of Bagrationi.
He was the sixth son of his predecessor, Emperor Zhenzong, and was succeeded by his cousin's son, Emperor Yingzong, because his own sons died prematurely.
Zaiyi, better known by his title Prince Duan, was a Manchu prince and statesman of the late Qing dynasty.
He was the son of Duke Xian of Jin, and his mother Shao Ji was the younger sister of Duke Xian's favored concubine Li Ji.
Zhao Mo was a grandson of Zhao Tuo.
Jám Nizámuddín II, also known as Jam Nizam al-Din or Jám Nindó, was the Rajput Sultan of Sindh between 1461 and 1508 CE.
If these three wishes were granted, she stated, they would all four be content to continue to live as before.
Emperor Qianshao of Han, personal name said to be Liu Gong, was the third emperor of the Han Dynasty in China.
Prince Axel was a popular patron of sports.
His own son, Abdullah Qutub Shah later became the Shah of Golconda.
Little else is known of his reign.
He reigned for 8 years before being removed from the throne by his brother, who was restored as the Tianshun Emperor.
William V, called the Pious, was Duke of Bavaria from 1579 to 1597.
Margaret of Parma was Governor of the Netherlands from 1559 to 1567 and from 1578 to 1582.
His sister, Electress Palatine Anna Maria Luisa, arranged his marriage to the wealthy and widowed Anna Maria Franziska of Saxe-Lauenburg in 1697.
Her husband had died in 1035, two years after the birth of their only child.
Anne was married to Captain Mark Phillips in 1973; they divorced in 1992.
Prince Hamzah bin Hussein is the son of King Hussein of Jordan and his American-born fourth wife, Queen Noor.
He was known as Prince U Thong before he ascended to the throne in 1350.
Cosimo III de' Medici was the penultimate Medici Grand Duke of Tuscany.
His elder sister, Princess Lavad Voraong, died in infancy.
Princess Nadejda Petrovna of Russia was the third child of Grand Duke Peter Nikolaevich of Russia and his wife Grand Duchess Militza.
She died in 1352, at the age of 70.
A fisherman who first spotted the boat is said to have run to the castle, and informed the King about the castaway princess.
He was born Xiong Shangchen and King Mu was his posthumous title.
Yang Jian subsequently seized the throne and established Sui dynasty, and she died in 595, during Emperor Wen's reign.
Simonida Nemanjić, born Simonis Palaiologina, was a Byzantine princess and queen consort of the Kingdom of Serbia as the fourth wife of Serbian king Stefan Milutin.
She had been the Duke's lover for many years before their marriage.
Gruffudd ap Cynan, sometimes written as Gruffydd ap Cynan, was King of Gwynedd from 1081 until his death in 1137.
Although the sisters had been close, disagreements over Anne's finances, status and choice of acquaintances arose shortly after Mary's accession and they became estranged.
She never married again and had no children.
His descendants from the branch of Maad Patar Kholleh Joof ruled the pre-colonial Kingdoms of Sine, Saloum and Baol, from the 14th century to 1969.
In the words of the historian Sen "the Hoysalas were the greatest among those who claim to be the makers of modern Mysore".
In 1975 he was assassinated by his nephew Faisal bin Musaid.
He was a member of a cadet line of the Valois dynasty, to which all the 15th-century kings of France belonged.
Princess Elizabeth of Yugoslavia is a member of the House of Karageorgevich, a human rights activist and a former presidential candidate for Serbia.
In 1143, Conrad became Count of Groitzsch and Rochlitz and Vogt of Chemnitz and Naumburg.
He died on 23 April 1586 and was buried in the Novospassky Monastery.
Archduchess Auguste Ferdinande of Austria, Princess of Bavaria, was the daughter of Leopold II, Grand Duke of Tuscany, and his first wife, Maria Anna of Saxony.
The allies thoroughly looted the city before burning it down two months later.
Raja Sir Rampal Singh was a ruler of Kalakankar estate of Oudh from 1885 to 1909.
Marko died on 17 May 1395, fighting for the Ottomans against the Wallachians in the Battle of Rovine.
In 1957, she became the first elected female Member of Parliament in Sierra Leone and all of Sub-Saharan Africa.
Asteroid 689 Zita is named in her honour.
When her husband became King of Greece in 1922, Elisabeth was involved in assisting refugees who arrived to Athens after the disaster of the Greco-Turkish War.
Under his rule, Jin expanded rapidly and became the most powerful state.
Napoléon, Prince Imperial was the only child of Emperor Napoleon III of France and his Empress consort Eugénie de Montijo.
He was also Count of Provence, which he conquered from Douce II, from 1166 until 1173, when he ceded it to his brother, Ramon Berenguer III.
Following King John's death, Llywelyn concluded the Treaty of Worcester with his successor, Henry III, in 1218.
He recovered parts of Gangavadi province from the hegemony of the Cholas in the battle of Talakad, and parts of Nolambavdi.
Otherwise it would have to be assumed that Kormesiy shared the throne with Tervel and signed the treaty as his co-ruler.
The amount of Swedish monarchs named Eric before Eric XIV is unknown, going back into prehistory, and none of them used numerals.
In 1353 he joined the Red Turbans, a rebel group led by Xu Shouhui.
The Samguk Sagi states that he was also known as Chumo or Sanghae.
In 1678 Zumba accepted a peace treaty offered by the Portuguese Governor of Pernambuco, which required that the Palmarinos relocate to Cucaú Valley.
For this, one chronicler relates, he was condemned to a reign of only fourteen months.
In 1148 Mas'ud faced another coalition against him, this time aiming to place Malik Shah on the throne in his place.
Margaret was often viewed as a controversial member of the British royal family.
Wang Anshi's ideas are usually analyzed in terms of the influence the Rites of Zhou or Legalism had on him.
Born in Syria, she was educated by her father, who was the Afghan leader and intellectual Sardar Mahmud Tarzi.
His mother, however, deposed him less than two months later in favor of his younger brother Emperor Ruizong.
Princess Frederica Louisa of Hesse-Darmstadt, married King Friedrich Wilhelm II of Prussia and became Queen of Prussia
He died on 15 August 1038 and was buried in his new basilica, built in Székesfehérvár and dedicated to the Holy Virgin.
Dečanski was the son of King Stefan Milutin, and he defeated several of his family members vying for the throne.
She is the older sister of Princess Maria Gabriella of Savoy, Vittorio Emanuele, Prince of Naples, and Princess Maria Beatrice of Savoy.
Yi Ya served the Lord Huan of Qi with his culinary talent.
Although initially a female name, it could also serve as a component of male names, as suggested by Chuvash pre-Christian name Aksĕver.
Mishaal bin Saud Al Saud was the governor of the Najran Province from April 1997 to November 2008 and is a member of House of Saud.
Originally buried in the crypt of the Saint Nicholas Cathedral, Monaco, she was moved on 4 November 1966 by decision of Prince Rainier III.
However, his political and military position improved dramatically with the emergence of Joan of Arc as a spiritual leader in France.
The appointment of Haakon the Young as king Haakon the Old's heir-apparent marked a new development in the heredity of the Norwegian monarchy.
He forcefully took over the kingdom of Magadha from his father and imprisoned him.
He ruled over the region of Syria and large parts of the rest of western Asia towards the end of the 3rd century BC.
She died a week after giving birth to Kyaswa.
The names Eymund and Anund were equivalent enough for the later king Anund Jacob to be called Emund, in the Westrogothic law.
Jutta was the daughter of Albert I, Duke of Saxony.
Sri Wikrama Wira refused to do so and even sent a symbolic message threatening to shave the Majapahit king' head should he proceed to Singapura.
In 1008 Abd ur-Rahman Sangul is said to have poisoned his brother which led to his death in October of 1008.
He succeeded his brother, Ernest as Duke in 1567, governing the tiny Principality of Grubenhagen.
His first book, Pan-Europa, was published in 1923, and contained a membership form for the Pan-Europa movement which held its first Congress in Vienna in 1926.
This Pallava king, out of his Saivite zeal, could have been the persecutor of Thirumazhisai Alwar.
Sejong reinforced Confucian policies and executed major "legal amendments".
As Princess of Lucca and Piombino, then Grand Duchess of Tuscany, she became Napoleon's only sister to possess political power.
She is a member of the Alternative for Germany, part of the Europe for Freedom and Democracy.
He was succeeded by his son and crown prince, Prince Sisowath Monivong.
Jadwiga was crowned "king" in Kraków on 16 October 1384.
Emperor Rudolf II of the Holy Roman Empire appointed Karl as Chief Intendant, an important position at his court.
The High Court of Jerusalem proclaimed Alice and her husband regents for Conrad in 1243, but their power was only nominal.
In 1830, the Dutch exiled him to Makassar.
The allied forces burned the Qu gate of the Zheng capital and entered the city.
Born Xiong Yi, he was the first Chu ruler to be given a posthumous title.
She was better known as Princess Zorka.
Manai‘ula Tehuiari‘i Sumner was a princess from the Kingdom of Tahiti who settled in the Kingdom of Hawaii.
Lady Gabriella "Ella" Windsor is an English freelance feature writer, and the only daughter of Prince and Princess Michael of Kent.
he served as a military leader, and then became a convert to Christianity and Royal Governor of Maui.
Daulatrao played a significant role in the Second and Third Anglo-Maratha wars.
Unifying what is now modern Vietnam in 1802, he founded the Nguyễn Dynasty, the last of the Vietnamese dynasties.
The Maharashtri Prakrit novel Lilavati describes his romance with a princess of Simhaladvipa.
Sen states Nandivarman reigned from 730–795 and built the Vaikuntha-Perumal Temple.
Dayan Khan was a Mongol khan who reunited the Mongols under Chinggisid supremacy in the Northern Yuan dynasty based in Mongolia.
When Dyveke suddenly died in 1517, Christian had the nobleman Torben Oxe executed, on dubious ground, for having poisoned her.
Through his mother, he inherited the County of Holzappel and Lordship of Schaumburg and founded the cadet branch of Anhalt-Bernburg-Schaumburg-Hoym.
He was the second son of Shah Alam II and the father of Bahadur Shah II.
Jagat Singh I, was the Maharana of Mewar Kingdom in Rajasthan, India.
Duchess Anna Sophie of Saxe-Gotha-Altenburg was a princess of Saxe-Gotha-Altenburg and Duchess in Saxony by birth, and by marriage a Princess of Schwarzburg-Rudolstadt.
Şehzade Mehmed Ziyaeddin was an Ottoman prince, son of Sultan Mehmed V and Empress Kamures Kadın.
He bequeathed a strong administrative system that all later Pagan kings followed until the dynasty's fall in 1287.
In the decades following his demise, the Uí Briain used Echmarcach's descendants as a means to dominate and control Dublin and the Isles.
In 496, two plots by Xianbei nobles, one centered on his crown prince Yuan Xun, and one centered on his distant uncle Yuan Yi.
Prince Pierre-Napoléon Bonaparte was born in Rome, Italy, the son of Prince Lucien Bonaparte and his second wife Alexandrine de Bleschamp.
His father was Louis XIV's younger brother Philippe I, Duke of Orléans, his mother was Elizabeth Charlotte of the Palatinate.
He was the fourth but second surviving son of Augustus III, King of Poland and Elector of Saxony, and Maria Josepha of Austria.
Sirikit has one son and three daughters with the king.
He rose to military prominence by defending the northeastern Tang frontier from the Khitans and other threats.
John II or III of Cyprus was the King of Cyprus and Armenia and also titular King of Jerusalem from 1432 to 1458.
Although his father, Henry VIII, had severed the link between the Church and Rome, Henry VIII had never permitted the renunciation of Catholic doctrine or ceremony.
She was succeeded as the chief queen by Thanbula.
He was the last monarch of Castile to receive a formal coronation.
Her maternal grandparents were Henry II of England and Eleanor of Aquitaine.
His personal name was Lü Guāng, ancestral name Jiang, and Duke Zhuang was his posthumous title.
Hesse-Darmstadt suffered severely from the ravages from the Swedes during the conflict.
Gloucester's precarious health was a constant source of worry to his mother.
Shō Toku was the son of Shō Taikyū and last king of his dynasty.
He was Director General of Al Mukhabarat Al A'amah from 2005 to 2012.
Michael opposed accession of his elder brother, Constantine I, on the death of their father in 1293.
Vineh Peak on Rugged Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica is named after Vinekh of Bulgaria.
When she planned to run away, she was arrested and reportedly poisoned.
He was often at odds with Asti and he was a prime enemy of Charles of Anjou and his Italian pretentions.
When Llywelyn ap Gruffudd increased his power in Wales after 1255, Gruffydd continued to support the crown, and in 1257 he was again driven into exile.
But almost immediately, the wars between the Diadochi resumed and Antigonus forced Seleucus to flee Babylon.
This marriage allowed Louis to reinforce the personal Union of Brittany and France.
King Marko, in reality, came to be a regional lord who ruled over a relatively small territory in western Macedonia.
He became heir after his older brother James renounced his rights to become a monk.
Frederick was the son of Ernest, Elector of Saxony and his wife Elisabeth, daughter of Albert III, Duke of Bavaria.
Marta Esther Rocafort y Altuzarra, later hyphenated Rocafort-Altuzarra was the second wife of the Count of Covadonga.
He was the second cousin of King Louis XIII of France and a held the rank of prince of the blood
He married Margareta Eriksdotter, the daughter of the Swedish king Eric IX, by whom he had the daughter Kristina Sverresdotter.
Princess Célestine Marie Françoise, named Célita, raised to the title of Princess and granted the style of Her Serene Highness in 1849.
Therefore, she was the daughter, sister, niece, wife, mother and grandmother of successive Kings and Queens of England.
Chaka was the son of the Mongol leader Nogai Khan by a wife named Alaka.
Fujiwara no Tamako, also known as Taikenmon-in, was an Empress consort of Emperor Toba of Japan, and mother of Emperor Sutoku and Emperor Go-Shirakawa.
He died strangled by his vizier in 1358.
However, its exposed position north of the Danube made it susceptible to attack on three sides, and it was later abandoned by Emperor Aurelian.
Despite this, she was acknowledged only as Dowager Princess of Wales by Henry.
He married Susan May Williams, and it is from them that the American line of the Bonaparte family descended.
He arranged the marriage of Macbeth and Gruoch in 1032, which permitted Macbeth to assume the throne of Scotland in 1040.
Another prominent member of al-Mu'tasim's inner circle, the prince of Ushrusana, al-Afshin, fell foul of his enemies at court and was overthrown and killed in 840/1.
Maria Palaiologina was the Queen consort of Stephen Uroš III Dečanski of Serbia.
After retirement he returned to Semigallia and turned to agriculture.
The first mention can be found in 19th-century Russian literature.
After the defeat of Antony, however, Mithridates became a loyal ally to Augustus.
He is currently second in the line of succession to the Moroccan throne.
Pagan became an internationally recognized power during his 28-year reign.
From 1976 to 1986 he was known as Grand Duke Mikhail Pavlovich of Russia.
He had Sanskrit literature translated, participated in native festivals, realising that a stable empire depended on the co-operation and good-will of his subjects.
Installed on the Cambodian throne by the Vietnamese, her reign was dominated by the Siamese-Vietnamese War
Bodi Alagh Khan was Turbolad's eldest son and was handpicked by his grandfather Dayan Khan as his successor.
He remained in exile near Rome until 2002, returning to Afghanistan after the end of the Taliban.
Luarsab I, of the Bagrationi dynasty, was a king of the Georgian Kingdom of Kartli from 1527 to 1556 or from 1534 to 1558.
Al-Hadi moved his capital from Baghdad to Haditha shortly before his death.
Ti Lawka Sanda Thonlula was the chief queen consort of King Uzana of Pagan.
The 17th century Volga Bulgar compilation Ja'far Tarikh represents Boyan as the son of the former ruler Bunek, and credits him with the expulsion of Sain.
She was also known as Yolanda de Aragón and Violant d'Aragó.
His rule began in 122 BC and ended with his death in 115 BC.
He worked to restore royal authority after the Gong He interregnum.
According to some historians, he was King of Portugal as António I of Portugal for 33 days in 1580.
The king was assassinated on his 34th birthday on the orders of Smim Sawhtut, one of his close advisers.
Constantius first seemed to accept the new Emperor and his regalia and sent him money to raise an army.
All were given the verdict of not guilty on the grounds of insufficient evidence."
At the same time Wolde Gabriel was elevated to Ras and Betwodded.
He reigned for about 313 days from 1278 to 1279 until his death.
After Haydar's death Hussain bin Haydar Tora came to power.
He was the first King of the Nordic Kalmar Union, succeeding his adoptive mother Margaret I of Denmark, and was also Duke Eric I of Pomerania.
He did not return to his native Cambodia until 1860, when his father and the ruling monarch, Ang Duong, died.
Prince Johannes Heinrich of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha had fathered a daughter, Felicitas, from his previous marriage to Baroness Gabriele von Fürstenberg.
He was the last male of the senior Angevin line.
Emperor Wen died in 604, and was succeeded by Yang Lihua's brother Yang Guang.
He was married to Teutberga, daughter of Boso the Elder.
Luisa María Francisca de Guzmán y Sandoval was a queen consort of Portugal.
He was succeeded by his son, Duke Zhuang I of Qi.
She was the eldest daughter of King Baldwin II of Jerusalem, and the Armenian princess Morphia of Melitene.
Dawit II, also known as Wanag Segad, better known by his birth name Lebna Dengel, was nəgusä nägäst of the Ethiopian Empire.
She was married to Yusuf ibn Tashfin and reportedly his de facto co-ruler.
However, during Ismail's brief reign, her influence lessened.
Rudolf, Crown Prince of Austria was the only son of Emperor Franz Joseph I and heir apparent to the throne of Austria-Hungary from birth.
He is to date the only Siamese monarch of the Chakri Dynasty to abdicate.
Alexandra married in 1856, Grand Duke Nicholas Nikolaevich of Russia, the third son of Tsar Nicholas I and her first cousin once removed.
A bright and handsome child, the Prince died unexpectedly of typhoid fever at age 16, long before he could reach the throne.
He was the duke of Nassau-Saarbrücken from 1429 to 1472.
Archived from the original on 11 November 2010.
During World War I he was chief of the artillery department, a position he was forced to resign amid controversy.
He was ousted by the brothers in December 1297, and killed along with his son Theingapati on 10 May 1299.
Zhao Dun, who enjoyed a reputation for integrity and incorruptibility, tried to stop him.
Trần Hưng Đạo, also known as Great King of Hưng Đạo, was the Supreme Commander of Đại Việt during the Trần Dynasty.
She was a paternal first cousin of Nicholas II and maternal first cousin of Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh.
Azadeh Shafiq was an Iranian royal and a member of the Pahlavi dynasty, being daughter of Ashraf Pahlavi.
He presided over the beginning of a transition away from the Mon culture toward the expression of a distinctive Burman style.
He was a prince of Commagene and one of the sons of King Antiochus I Theos of Commagene and Queen Isias Philostorgos of Commagene.
Philippa of Champagne, Lady of Ramerupt and of Venizy was the third daughter of Queen Isabella I of Jerusalem and Henry II, Count of Champagne.
King Chodaganga was originally a Shaivite from Srimukhalingam who became a Vaishnava under the influence of Ramanuja when he visited Jagannath Puri.
Two sons eventually ascended the throne, Louis of Sicily and Frederick IV of Sicily.
The bride was probably a reward for the surpassing services done by Bairam for Humayun.
She was the daughter of Louis IX, Landgrave of Hesse-Darmstadt.
He was the governor of Marrakech around 1750.
Proportional representation was reintroduced to the Jordanian parliament in the 2016 general election, a move which he said would eventually lead to establishing parliamentary governments.
His reign of 64 years is one of the longest precisely dated monarchical reigns on record.
Prince Ankhhaf was an Egyptian prince and served as vizier and overseer of works to the Pharaoh Khufu, who was Ankhhaf's half-brother.
According to Der Ling's biographer, Der Ling's mother had an American father and a Chinese mother.
Her eldest brother George Louis succeeded to the British throne in 1714 as King George I.
Guidobaldo was an important patron of the arts in general, and of Titian in particular, commissioning Titian's Venus of Urbino.
She is closely associated with Princesse des Ursins.
He also served as the primary civil administrator for intermittent periods in the regime founded by Nurhaci.
The war degenerated into a stalemate, with Matilda controlling much of the south-west of England, and Stephen the south-east and the Midlands.
Thado Minsaw was viceroy of Ava from 1555 to 1584 during the reigns of kings Bayinnaung and Nanda of Toungoo Dynasty of Burma.
Princess Augusta Sophia of the United Kingdom was the sixth child and second daughter of George III and Charlotte of Mecklenburg-Strelitz.
King Haakon did have an older, illegitimate son, Sigurd, who was bypassed in favour of Haakon the Young.
Later he studied at the University of Jena with his brothers.
Princess Mangkubumi is the first child and daughter of Sultan Hamengkubuwana X of Yogyakarta and his Queen Consort, Queen Hemas.
Trần Thừa was the head of the Trần clan and a high-ranking mandarin during the reign of Lý Huệ Tông and Lý Chiêu Hoàng.
His predecessor King Birendra had established a constitutional monarchy in which he delegated policy to a representative government.
Chueang is the legendary hero of the dai people who ruled as first king of the Lü Kingdom establishing a capital at Jinghong.
Turkan Khatun, the last wife of Malik Shah, tried to win the throne for her 4 years old son Mahmud, who was proclaimed sultan in Bagdad.
Selected as an imperial concubine of the Xianfeng Emperor in her adolescence, she gave birth to a son, Zaichun, in 1856.
Sevar Point on Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica is named after Sevar of Bulgaria.
According to Petrus Patricius, he explicitly expressed his anger at the elevation of Valens by saying the following to the envoy of Mestrianus:
She was blessed for her good deeds and exemplary life by many children, the numerous offsprings of a famous race.
She stands out in the early Mughal history and was known as the "Khadija of that era" for her wisdom.
Franz succeeded as head of the House of Wittelsbach, and as pretender to the Bavarian throne, on the death of his father in 1996.
George Moritz, Hereditary Prince of Saxe-Altenburg, was the last head of the ducal house of Saxe-Altenburg and nominal Duke of Saxe-Altenburg.
And in 1169, he started but did not finish writing Adbhutasagara.
Instead, the CPD mentions several historically unconfirmed or legendary rulers, Svevlad, Selimir, Vladin and Ratimir, although it maintains the patrilineal succession tradition.
Ernst Ludwig II, Duke of Saxe-Meiningen, was a duke of Saxe-Meiningen.
Doamna Ecaterina Cercheza was a Circassian noblewoman who became Princess consort of Moldavia by marriage to Vasile Lupu.
Alphonse was Count of Eu by marriage.
Despite his jealous temper and frequent absences, Sophia loved him, and bore him seven children who survived to adulthood.
Teresa of León was Countess and Queen of Portugal.
Xiong Yang was the fifth viscount of the state of Chu during the early Zhou Dynasty of ancient China.
Fedhlim O'Connor was King of Connacht in Ireland, having been proclaimed King by William de Burgh in 1230, he reigned from 1233–65.
In Ethiopia today, he is virtually unknown, in contrast to his celebrated predecessor and successor, respectively Tewodros II and Yohannes IV.
He was 5th Prince of Leiningen from 1904 to 1918, and afterwards titular Prince of Leiningen from 1918 until his death.
She was the mother of three sons, Edward the Confessor, Alfred, and Harthacnut, as well as two daughters, Goda of England, and Gunhilda of Denmark.
He was created crown prince in 387 and ascended the throne in 397.
The 12th century chronicler Kalhana characterizes Lalitaditya as a world conqueror, crediting him with extensive conquests and miraculous powers in his Rajatarangini.
Carolina was the eldest child of Ferdinand, Duke of Parma, and his wife Archduchess Maria Amalia of Austria.
Princess Catharina Frederica of Württemberg was Queen consort of Westphalia by marriage to Jérôme Bonaparte, who reigned as King of Westphalia between 1807 and 1813.
Princess Lucia Maria Raniera of Bourbon-Two Sicilies was a Princess of Bourbon-Two Sicilies by birth.
The Matsya Purana mentions him as the 17th ruler of the Satavahana dynasty.
Princess Maud Alexandra Victoria Georgina Bertha, later Countess of Southesk, was a granddaughter of the British king Edward VII.
In 1049, the Liao Dynasty attacked Western Xia and forced it to become a vassal state.
His reign was marked by the ongoing dismemberment of the Western Empire.
Moreover, his interference in Lower Burma against Toungoo provoked Toungoo invasions in that nearly toppled his regime.
Henry was named after his uncle, King Henry I of England, who had married his paternal aunt Edith.
He reigned from 1924 until his death in 1969.
In 673, Sighere separated from Osgyth, who then fled to the protection of Bishop Beaduwine of North Elmham.
His traditional designation, the Great, reflects an epithet he assumed.
Within the next eighteen months, Gamzat-bek had been actively fighting against the Russians.
Tsarina Eudoxia Feodorovna Lopukhina was the first wife of Peter I of Russia, and the last ethnic Russian and non-foreign wife of a Russian monarch.
Matthias signed a peace treaty with Frederick III in 1463, acknowledging the Emperor's right to style himself King of Hungary.
He came into conflict with the city of Dordrecht and was killed there by a mob on 30 August 1299.
Prince Frederik of Hesse, Count or Landgreve Friedrich of Hesse-Cassel was a Danish nobleman, general and governor of Norway and the duchies Schleswig and Holstein.
He then took the offensive to the heartland of Persia, and arrived at the walls of its capital Ctesiphon.
After 1612, she suffered sustained bouts of ill health and gradually withdrew from the centre of court life.
Her husband was Serbian Prince Lazar and her children included despot Stefan Lazarević, and Jelena Lazarević, whose husband was Đurađ II Balšić.
She was a daughter of Emperor Theodore II Laskaris of Nicaea, and his wife Elena of Bulgaria, and sister of Nicaean Emperor John IV Laskaris.
In 1909 she abandoned Orthodox Christianity and converted to Lutheranism.
In 1351, Charles de La Cerda married Marguerite, a daughter of Charles, Duke of Brittany.
Although Dublin underwent several reversals of fortune during his reign, on the whole trade in the city flourished.
Francis II of Brittany was Duke of Brittany from 1458 to his death.
Disregarding traditional Portuguese institutions of governance, John V ruled as an absolute monarch.
He was the nephew and heir of Napoleon I.
During that time the English won the Battle of Flodden, an event in which Catherine played an important part with an emotional speech about English courage.
With a strong personality and a sharp tongue, Grand Duchess Olga Fyodorovna was not a popular member of the Romanov family.
The latter became the first of the Carolingians.
Friedrich August, Duke of Holstein-Oldenburg was the son of Christian August, Duke of Holstein-Gottorp and his wife Margravine Albertine Friederike of Baden-Durlach.
Al-Mu'tadid I was an Abbasid Caliph of Cairo, Egypt for the Mamluk Sultans between 1352 and 1362.
He ruled Sapadalaksha, the traditional Chahamana territory, in present-day north-western India.
Lê Hoàn, posthumous name Emperor Đại Hành, was the first emperor of the Early Lê dynasty, succeeding Đinh dynasty as rulers of Đại Cồ Việt.
Various chronicles do not agree on the dates regarding his life and reign.
GI-K'awiil was a Queen consort of Dos Pilas.
He became Archbishop of Braga in 1739 and was consecrated in 1741.
Princess Praves Vorasamai died on 31 May 1944, at the age of 64.
Little is known on his life prior to becoming Armenian King.
Shortly afterwards he moved to the Byzantine Empire, where he married a niece of Emperor Manuel I Komnenos, Maria Komnene, and converted to the Orthodox Church.
Gao Shengtai was given the posthumous name "Fuyou Shengde Biaozheng Emperor".
She then departed the Imperial Court and became a nun, founding the Marfo-Mariinsky Convent dedicated to helping the downtrodden of Moscow.
Frederick Ferdinand, Hereditary Prince of Denmark was grandson of King Frederick V and heir presumptive to the throne from 1848 until his death.
Frederick II, Grand Duke of Baden was the last Grand Duke of Baden.
This conflict resulted in the loss of Hesse-Marburg to Hesse-Kassel.
He was the son of Zeno and Ariadne, and maternal grandson of Leo I and Verina.
After the death of three of Suleiman's sons, only Bayezid and Selim were alive.
It is presumed that Dub was killed or driven out by Cuilén, who became king after Dub's death, or by his supporters.
He was known to his supporters as "the Desired" and to his detractors as the "Felon King".
She was known to have been poorly regarded by ancient Greek historians.
As her co-ruler, Władysław closely cooperated with his wife.
Lê Chiêu Thống, born Lê Duy Khiêm and later Lê Duy Kỳ, was the last emperor of the Vietnamese Lê dynasty.
He was removed from office four years later, his titles stripped, then he was banished from the imperial clan.
The Normans were sure of the danger that the battlefield would move from the Balkans to their area in Italy.
His skeleton reveals that he was a tall, powerfully built man who walked with a limp.
He was a poetry enthusiast who had close ties with the poet Najm Afandi after Najm moved from Agra to Hyderabad Deccan.
Especially her mother, Princess Dara Rasmi, after her only daughter's death, she destroyed all photos and portraits of her and both her husband and daughter.
He fought a successful war against his brother Miguel I, who had usurped Maria II's throne.
On 8 January 1767 in Revel, she married Prince Ivan Bariatinsky, the Russian ambassador in France.
On 10 August 1759, Charles succeeded his elder brother, Ferdinand VI, but treaty provisions made Charles ineligible to hold all three crowns.
Maaravarman Kulasekara Pandyan I met the Cholas near Thanjavur and defeated Rajendra Chola III.
Her regency officially ended in 1680, but she maintained power until her son banished her from further influence in the state in 1684.
Her funeral was held on April 9, 2012, at Sanam Luang ceremonial ground in Bangkok.
He was attacked and expelled from his homeland by Mojmir I, duke of Moravia.
The Rana prime ministers, at that time, had most of the political leadership and dominance.
With only six years, Johann Ernst was separated from his parents forever and entrusted to the education of strange persons.
This started what became known as the Hundred Years' War.
His father arranged for his burial a few days before his death on 29 December 1719.
She was not released until 6 July 1189, when Henry died and their second son, Richard the Lionheart, ascended the throne.
He expanded his domain into Corinthia and Central Greece, eventually marrying the daughter of former Byzantine emperor Alexios III Angelos.
In 460, Majorian left Gaul to consolidate his hold on Hispania.
This act began a period of conflict between the Vikings of Dublin and Limerick which would last until 937.
A large number of the hymns of the Classic of Poetry are praises to the legacy of King Wen.
After his death, his son King Qing of Zhou succeeded him.
Abdallah was pardoned, but was forced to stay in Valencia.
Alexander was born in Sønderborg in Schleswig, the third son of Johann II, Duke of Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg-Plon and Elisabeth of Brunswick-Grubenhagen.
Despite an abundance of natural disasters, his reign was markedly more peaceful than the half-century preceding it.
His older brother, Louis Joseph, died in June 1789, a little over month before the start of the French Revolution.
He founded one of the now oldest orchestras of the world, the Kungliga Hovkapellet.
Alexander and Catherine already had three children when they formed a morganatic marriage on 18 July [O.S.
Beatrice was the last of Queen Victoria's children to die, 65 years after the first, her sister Alice.
For other people named Pwa Saw, see Pwa Saw.
By 1913 control over the interior was completely lost, and a reconstituted imamate was again a threat to Muscat.
Margaret would be the last princess born to a reigning English monarch for over a century, until the birth of Elizabeth of York in 1466.
He served as Consul of Rome in 497 BC and again in 491 BC.
Vibhishana was a king of Lanka in the legendary epic Ramayana.
He seems to have been the supreme chief, having lesser ones subordinated to him.
A statue of Olaf Tryggvason is located in the city's central plaza.
In February, 1392 he married Maria of Sicily, born in 1362/1363.
Adolf was Count of Nassau from about 1276 and elected King of Germany from 1292 until his deposition by the prince-electors in 1298.
The cause of the conflict is uncertain, but it may have been sparked by competition for control of Munster and its resources.
Mary was a member of the House of Dunkeld by birth, and was Countess of Boulogne by marriage.
His survival led to his being declared Emperor by the Praetorian Guard after Caligula's assassination, at which point he was the last man of his family.
Časlav was the son of Klonimir, a son of Strojimir who ruled as co-prince in 851–880.
Ingeborg was potential heir to the Danish throne in 1363 upon the death of her only surviving brother Christopher, Duke of Lolland.
Adda was one of several sons born to Ida, the first ruler of Bernicia, as was his successor Æthelric.
However, after a meeting in Funen with an imperial ambassador, Adolf transferred to the Imperial Army with the rank of colonel.
His father, King Stephen Thomas, arranged for him to marry Maria of Serbia and become Despot of Serbia in April 1459.
Waleran II Lord of Ligny, Roussy and Beauvoir, married Guyotte Châtelaine de Lille
Moving the royal court to Phnom Penh, Sisowath gave his full support to the French colonial regime.
Christian of Saxe-Eisenberg was a duke of Saxe-Eisenberg.
After two unsuccessful courtships, he was engaged to be married to Princess Mary of Teck in late 1891.
She was the youngest daughter of Prince Maximilian of Saxony and his first wife, Princess Carolina of Parma, daughter of Duke Ferdinand of Parma.
His premature death has been called "one of the great turning points of mainland [Southeast Asia's] history".
She was born in Hertford Castle, her father's chief country home, on 31 March 1373.
He was father of Tarabai, wife of Rajaram Chhatrapati and the first regent of Kolhapur.
His birth name was Pangiran Shahbandar Maharajalela, and was the youngest son of former Sultan of Brunei Muhammad Hassan.
Jahangir built on his father's foundations of excellent administration and his reign was characterised by political stability, a strong economy and impressive cultural achievements.
He was initially a Northern Liang official, but in 400, he seceded from Northern Liang's prince Duan Ye's rule and established his own independent state.
He accorded her equivalent official honors, such as having her greeted by the Imperial guard and in naming her protector of the province of Goiás.
Noble families would now not only have to pay increased taxes to cover the £40,000 ransom repayments but would also have to provide hostages as security.
Fusako Kitashirakawa, born Fusako, Princess Kane, was the eleventh child and seventh daughter of Emperor Meiji of Japan and one of his consorts, Sono Sachiko.
Only one year after Thuận Tông's death, Trần Dynasty was collapsed while Hồ Quý Ly established his own dynasty, Hồ Dynasty.
William is commonly known as William Rufus or William the Red, perhaps because of his red-faced appearance.
In August, Conrad and Albert, with the bishops of Magdeburg, Havelburg, and Brandenburg, massed their forces at Magdeburg.
However, Haakon suddenly died during the trip over Dovrefjell.
The international airport in Amman is named after her.
She was regent for her son King Myeongjong when he was still too young to rule by himself until 1565.
He was an admiral of the French Navy, and a talented artist.
Jagmal Singh was a sixteenth century Indian court figure.
Not even her name is given in any sources until after the Norman Conquest.
He was the brother-in-law of Philippe Égalité and nephew of Victoire de Rohan.
She initially married Yuwen Wen the Duke of Xiyang—a son of Emperor Xuan's cousin Yuwen Liang the Duke of Qi.
He was known for playing polo, cricket, field hockey and English billiards.
Otto III was Holy Roman Emperor from 996 until his early death in 1002.
The royal chronicles identify her as Hsinbyushin.
Emund's wife was Astrid Njalsdotter of Skjalgaätten.
By the latter, he begat his eventual successor, Ferdinand.
When Italy joined World War II, he became commander of the Italian 8th Army, and in 1943 of the 7th Army.
His daughter, Princess Dara Rasmi of Chiang Mai become King Rama V's Princess Consort.
He succeeded his father, Bermudo II, in 999.
He was the elder son of the 1st Marquess of Cambridge, formerly the Duke of Teck, and his wife, the former Lady Margaret Grosvenor.
She spent her days in Wolkenstein castle.
Norodom thus was compelled to name Sisowath his future successor.
She was the first child of King John II of Castile and his first wife, Maria of Aragon.
Frederick III, called the Simple, was King of Sicily from 1355 to 1377.
Eric was buried at Sorø Abbey, later his remains were transported to the St. Bendt's Church.
Princess Louise Auguste of Denmark was the daughter of the Queen of Denmark, Caroline Matilda of Great Britain.
In 918 Leicester surrendered without a fight.
For the first years of her marriage, Maria Alexandrovna lived in England.
According to legend, a line of ruling queens was descended from Magajiva Daurama, in a lineage known as the Habe Queens.
Prince Nikolaus of Thurn and Taxis was a member of the Princely House of Thurn and Taxis and a Prince of Thurn and Taxis.
Kaykhusraw III or Ghiyāth ad-Dīn Kaykhusraw bin Qilij Arslān was between two and six years old when in 1265 he was named Seljuq Sultan of Rûm.
