The club currently competes in the second-tier División de Honor B.
Mwamba RFC used the Nyayo National Stadium for rugby union matches.
The rugby union team currently plays in the Torneo de la URBA Grupo II, the second division of the Unión de Rugby de Buenos Aires.
These colours are similar to other English sporting teams and are the colours used on the national flag.
North Meath RFC is an Irish rugby team based in Kells, County Meath.
It was inaugurated in 2010 and is named after two stalwarts of UCD RFC and university rugby in Ireland.
The Italy national under-18 rugby union team is the under-18 team of the Italy national rugby union team in the sport of rugby union.
The official colours of the club are green and black.
Kenfig Hill RFC has seen several players progress to represent Wales and the British Lions, including Welsh captain, Jack Bassett.
Mansfield Rugby Club is an English rugby union team based in Mansfield, Nottinghamshire.
The club is based in Nerang, Queensland on Queensland's Gold Coast.
They are affiliated to the English Rugby Football Union and the Scottish Rugby Union.
C.R Técnico has all age groups teams, from Under 8 to Veterans, including 2 senior teams and a women's side also.
Hereford Rugby Club is an English rugby union team based in Hereford, Herefordshire.
Now and again they will also play touring sides.
It takes part in the Borders Sevens Circuit each May, which is the oldest tournament of its kind in the world.
Playing under the name Toronto Renegades, the team was Eastern Champions in 1999 & 2001.
They were formed in 1911, as rugby was adopted by the Sports Association at the University of Queensland as a major sport.
The New Caledonia national rugby union team represents New Caledonia in rugby union.
In May 2014 the club decided to withdraw from the competition and close the club permanently.
The Bond University Rugby Club is an Australian rugby union football club that competes in the Queensland Premier Rugby competition.
Rumney were promoted to the Division One East league after finishing second in the Division Two East league in the 2006/07 season.
Today, Treherbert RFC plays in the Welsh Rugby Union Division Four South East league and are a feeder club for Cardiff Blues.
The game ended 9-7 to the tourists.
Llantrisant Rugby Football Club is a Welsh rugby union team based in Llantrisant in the county of Rhondda Cynon Taff.
Hillhead-Jordanhill Rugby Football Club, also known as Hills, is a Scottish National League rugby union club based in Glasgow, Scotland.
The historic victory followed three consecutive tournament wins in the world series, the Hong Kong Sevens, the USA Sevens and the Adelaide Sevens.
There are also teams at U-17 and U-19.
The first team play in the fourth tier of the English league system.
It is part of the Army Rugby Union.
Rugby Club L'Hospitalet is a Spanish rugby team based in L'Hospitalet de Llobregat.
Espoo Rugby Club is a Finnish rugby club in Espoo.
They competed at half of the eight tournaments and won the plate competition at each of them.
The Poland national rugby sevens team is a minor national sevens side.
The club shares its name with a former Australian Rugby Championship team, but is unrelated.
The club is a member of the Welsh Rugby Union and is a feeder club for the Newport Gwent Dragons.
The team competes in the DRU Division 1 East and is the reigning Champion of Denmark.
The rugby team currently plays in the Torneo de la URBA Grupo I, the first division of the Unión de Rugby de Buenos Aires.
The Thailand national rugby league team, or the Thailand Chang 13, is the national team that represents Thailand in rugby league.
Strathaven RFC are a rugby union team from the south Lanarkshire town of Strathaven.
The Army Ruggers are West Point’s most winning team.
The only trophy won in the 1970s was the Housdon trophy at J1 level.
Chippenham Rugby Football Club is an English rugby union club located in Chippenham, Wiltshire.
Mar 1st vs. Vancouver Rowin Club lost 12-14
The Rhinos defeated Laos 23-11 on Tuesday, July 15 and Cambodia 55-3 on Saturday, July 19 in front of an appreciative home crowd.
They have thus far not qualified for a Rugby World Cup, but have participated in qualifying tournaments.
The team hosted the 2016 Olympic tournament in Rio de Janeiro.
Pontycymmer Rugby Football Club are a Welsh rugby union club based in Pontycymer near Bridgend, Wales.
Colwyn Bay Rugby Football Club is a rugby union team from the town of Colwyn Bay, North Wales.
Promotion was secured in a make or break game vs Pontypool RFC at Bargoed Park.
The Panama national rugby union team represents Panama in rugby union.
However, in the World Cup campaign in 2000 they wore a shirt featuring the Welsh flag, adding a touch of green and white.
Navy SC also completed the 'Grand Double' by winning the Dialog Rugby League Championship with an undefeated season that same year.
The Glendale Raptors is a rugby club based in the Glendale suburb of Denver, Colorado.
The club is the official rugby team of the University of Aveiro.
The club was established in 1912 and is affiliated with the Counties Manukau Rugby Union.
Woodlands Rugby Club is an amateur rugby team that plays in the ILT Southland Wide Premier Division.
Their first game was against a club from Rhymney, which Tredegar won.
Luctonians Sports Club is an English sports club based in Kingsland, Herefordshire.
It is affiliated to the Ulster Branch of the Irish Rugby Football Union.
Asociación Deportiva Francesa is an Argentine rugby union and field hockey club sited in Del Viso, Greater Buenos Aires.
The club currently competes in the División de Honor de Rugby competition, the 1st level of Spanish club rugby.
The nation has thus far not played in a Rugby World Cup, but has participated in qualifying tournaments.
Formed in 1929, they currently play in Scottish National League Division Two
Club Atlético Banco de la Nación Argentina is an Argentine sports club, located in the neighborhood of Florida in Vicente López Partido of Greater Buenos Aires.
Tešanj RK is a Bosnian rugby club based in Tešanj.
They currently play in Nemzeti Bajnokság II.
Beaconsfield have always played on the pitches at Oak Lodge Meadow, but sometimes used the local Army Camp pitch.
Cambodia has yet to make their debut at the Rugby World Cup.
The Club has also been awarded a further RFU President's XV award in the 2012–13 season, this time in the Community Engagement category.
Rugby Club Armia Tbilisi is a Georgian semi-professional rugby union club from Tbilisi, who plays in the Georgia Championship, the first division of Georgian rugby.
During its lifetime the club played against well over 100 different clubs in London and the South East.
Miami Rugby players and “Old Boys” also lend coaching assistance to local universities such as University of Miami Rugby Football and Florida International University RFC’s.
Skewen Rugby Football Club is a rugby union team from the village of Skewen, South Wales.
The club currently play in the fourth tier of English club rugby, participating in National League 2 South.
Merewether Carlton has been one of the most successful clubs in the competition, winning more Club Championships and First Grade Premierships than any other club.
Marseille Provence XV is a defunct French rugby union club, founded in 2000.
This makes them at least the second club outside Hungary to play in the Hungarian league, after Slovakians Slovan Bratislava back in 2005.
The James Bay Athletic Association is a Canadian rugby club based in Victoria, British Columbia.
Scunthorpe Rugby Club is an English rugby union team based in Scunthorpe, Lincolnshire.
The Brisbane City NRC team utilises existing QRU staffing roles and infrastructure, with the team's home ground and training base located at QRU's headquarters at Ballymore.
In 2013-14, Biarritz won just five matches out of 26, and were relegated to the Pro D2 League.
The club colours are blue and white.
The club currently fields teams in Men's First Division and Juniors competitions
Lampeter have now spent a number of seasons in Division Three West of the WRU league structure, finishing 8th in 2009-2010.
US Tours previously competed in the higher divisions, being relegated from Rugby Pro D2 after the 2001-02 season.
They are based in Lourdes in Hautes-Pyrénées.
The club is a member of the Welsh Rugby Union and is also a feeder club for the Ospreys.
Although the team was outscored 158-31 over five games, they earned a surprise 12-12 draw with World Series core member France in group play.
The club's best league position was second at the end of the 2012-2013 season.
The Old Penarthians were formed out of an association set up on 7 December 1923 by Penarth County School.
Their main home ground is Thomond Park, Limerick, though some smaller profile games are played at Irish Independent Park, Cork.
Burgess Hill Rugby Football Club or BHRFC, known as the Sussex All Blacks, is a rugby union club in Sussex, England.
May 5 vs. Cayman, away, won 15-6 and won 19-4
The Roses Rugby Football Club,, is a rugby union team based in Lancaster, Pennsylvania.
The Prairie Wolf Pack is a Canadian rugby union team representing the Prairies region in the Canadian Rugby Championship.
The Junior All Blacks are a New Zealand rugby union team.
Montpellier Hérault Rugby is a professional French rugby union, based in Montpellier, Occitanie.
The 2nd XV play in Sussex Spitfire 1
RC Slovan Bratislava is a Slovakian rugby club based in Bratislava.
The club's colours are Black and Gold.
Although Jimmy Chambers played occasionally until 1948, the dominant personality in the club was Thomas Charles Wells.
This came after a long dry spell of trophies in the 10-A-Side version of the game.
Stockholm Exiles Rugby Football Club is a Swedish rugby club in Stockholm.
The field is located in Núñez, Buenos Aires, close to the Ciudad Universitaria.
The club are based in Valladolid in central Spain.
The two teams which amalgamated cumulated nine championship titles of France: seven for the Stade Bordelais and two for the Club Athlétique Bordeaux-Bègles Gironde.
Although rugby is popular in Madagascar, the country has not yet qualified for a Rugby World Cup.
March 3 vs. Boca Raton at home won 30-0
The club have gone on to become one of the most successful clubs in Auckland, winning the Auckland competition on 11 occasions.
Medvék RK is a Hungarian rugby club in Budapest.
The North Shore Rugby Football Club is a rugby union club based in Devonport, New Zealand.
The Egypt national rugby union team represents Egypt in rugby union.
The Netherlands national rugby league team is the national rugby league team of The Netherlands in a sport that is virtually unknown in the Nederlands.
The club colours are red and black.
They play their home games alternatively at the Wanderers Grounds and Graves-Oakley Memorial Park.
Belgrade Rugby Club Red Star,, is a rugby union team from Belgrade, Serbia.
In the 2013 competition England started strong with a 30–6 win over hosts France, and then lost to South Africa by 31–24 in their second game.
A much improved Samoa attended the 2005 International Cup, finishing in 5th position overall.
The team was now officially known as Glasgow Warriors and formally competed as such.
Two to four other people would move the barrel by pulling on the ropes to emulate the movement of an animal.
In 1997, they did not qualify, the 4th South African team being the Orange Free State and in Super 14 by the Central Cheetahs).
Old Elthamians Rugby Football Club is an English rugby union club based in Mottingham in London.
Nigeria have thus far not qualified for a Rugby World Cup, but have competed in qualifying tournaments.
The first XV currently plays in Midlands Premier, a fifth tier league in the English rugby union system.
The Wallaroos played their first international in 1994 against New Zealand, also known as the Black Ferns.
The Saint Paul sports rugby is a French rugby union based in Saint-Paul-lès-Dax.
Club Atlético Porteño is an Argentine rugby union and field hockey club sited in San Vicente, Buenos Aires.
Following victories in 1980 and 1982 in the Minor A league it was decided to move up to Junior grade in 1982/83.
The first XV plays in North Premier.
The club regularly fields a 1st and 2nd XVs and in the 'Mini and Junior' section teams range from Under 6s to Under 17s and Colts
Bell Stadium with Salford Red Devils rugby league club.
Currently the club run three senior sides, along with the Colts and youth rugby ages group teams.
The club fields a First, Seconds, Youth and Junior teams.
The Mexico women's national rugby union sevens team represents Mexico in international rugby sevens competitions.
The story was told in a 2012 book The Final Whistle: the Great War in Fifteen players.
Administered by the Australian Rugby League, the Kangaroos are ranked first in the RLIF World Rankings.
Bangor RFC is a founding member of the Welsh Rugby Union.
In 2013, Livingston reached the RBS National Shield final and played against Marr RFC at Murrayfield, the national stadium.
Billingham Rugby Union Football Club has four senior teams, the 1st XV currently playing in National 3 North, four leagues from the Premiership.
Tbilisi Caucasians were a Georgian rugby union team formed to compete in the European Rugby Challenge Cup.
Karjalan Rugby Joensuu is a Finnish rugby club in Joensuu.
The team won the gold medal in 1987, defeating Cook Islands in the final in Nouméa.
The club was founded in 1902 as AS Perpignan, renamed US Perpignan in 1919 and adopted its present name in 1933.
Rugby union in Brazil has a long history, dating back to the late 19th century when British immigrants brought the game to Brazil's urban ports.
This is how they came to name the club "Swansea Uplands RFC".
Former IOC president Jacques Rogge was a founding member of the club.
The club is based at Hartpury College in Gloucestershire, England, and is made up primarily of the college's students and staff.
At the end of 2004/5 they were promoted to Pro D2 but were relegated back to Fédérale 1 at the end of the season.
Mar 16th vs. Boca Raton, home, ???
Nuneaton RFC is an English rugby union club.
Leinster have four times been Pro12 champions and three times champions of Europe.
The team plays in Red and Blue or in Black for all games.
The New Zealand under 20s have been nicknamed the "Baby Blacks" after the youthful All Blacks side which played in 1986.
It was predicted that the Brumbies, made up of so-called 'reject' – players not wanted by the other two teams – would perform poorly.
The club runs four Senior teams and a full mini, junior and academy programme of teams.
Center Roland Bertranne who held the French record for most caps for a long time and captained the club to its two championship finals
During the decade the club won other honours capturing the McGowan cup in 1991, ’95 and ’96.
also work closely with local high schools and the community to foster the growth of the game on Lulu Island.
The Club is based at Cross Green, Otley.
Defence Minister Peter MacKay made his return at inside centre for the Keltics on May 19, 2008 in a 49-5 away loss to the Niagara Thunder.
The junior's; who are under-13's to under-17's play contact rugby in a league structure against other local teams.
Their home playing fields are Lafayette Park in Norfolk and the Virginia Beach Sportsplex in Virginia Beach.
Away colours are navy shirts with red piping, navy shorts and navy socks.
Rugby Club Red Star,, is a former rugby union team from Belgrade, Serbia.
The 'Twigas' defeated Mayotte 18-11 on June 26 and Rwanda 53-6 on June 30.
Lions RFC is an Israeli amateur rugby club based in Jerusalem.
The club is a member of the Welsh Rugby Union and is a feeder club for the Scarlets.
Shipston-on-Stour Rugby Football Club is an English rugby union team based in Shipston-on-Stour Warwickshire.
Bletchley Ladies is a developing team which is intending to enter the RFUW leagues in the 2011 season.
Formed in 1901 they have reached the final of the French championship twice in 1979 and 1981.
The Hamburger RC is a German rugby union club from Hamburg, currently playing in the Rugby-Bundesliga.
The first XV play in Caledonia League 2 North and the 2nd XV in Caledonia League 3 NW.
The 1st XV play in London 1 South.
The first session was held on "Trebjesa" field on September 15, 2013.
Western Province were the 2012 Vodacom Cup Champions, having defeated the Griquas in 2012 by 20 points to 18.
In addition, Cardiff Blues compete in the Anglo-Welsh Cup and the European Rugby Challenge Cup.
During this season the newly professional side competed as Glasgow Rugby.
In September 2011, the under 20 Egyptian rugby national team traveled to Lebanon to play two matches against the Lebanon's national team.
Founded in 1943 as a social institution, La Tablada started its sports activities in the 1950s.
It is based in Le Creusot in the Saône-et-Loire department
The club's playing field is based at the Maes y Dre recreation ground in Welshpool.
The club is also home to Liverpool Buccaneers who train and play at Sefton from April through to September.
The Combined Country team was coached by former Wallaby prop, Cameron Blades.
The Warriors team is selected from players in the Fijian domestic competitions and competes in the World Rugby Pacific Challenge against Samoa A and Tonga A.
They are coached by the RFU's National Academy Coach, Mark Mapletoft.
The RK Heusenstamm is a German rugby union club from Heusenstamm, currently playing in the Rugby-Bundesliga.
Jeeps also participates in the Brisbane Grades and Colts competitions, and in the "Golden Oldies" competition for the over 35's.
Glenorchy Rugby Union Football Club is a Rugby Union club in Tasmania.
Wasps has won at least one of each of the major European competitions or knock-out tournaments in the past decade.
The club is a member of the Welsh Rugby Union and is a feeder club for Newport Gwent Dragons regional team.
Eibar Rugby Taldea is a Spanish rugby team based in Eibar.
In Europe alone they are ranked second, ahead of Ireland, Scotland and Lebanon, but behind their main rival, England.
Notable players have included Wallaby Ken Yanz.
The men's first team was born from Millwall Albion RUFC who were formed in 1995 on the Isle of Dogs.
The perennial bridesmaids in their 100th year as a club broke through and conquered France, beating Perpignan in a rematch of the 2009 final.
For the original Blackpool club, see Blackpool Borough.
They also contest the annual Africa Cup.
World Fighting Bull were a Japanese rugby union team that played in the county's Top League competition.
Their second-place finish in 2010 saw them advance to the four-team playoff for a final place at the 2011 Rugby World Cup.
This resulted in a team with an average age of seventeen.
They are the amateur team of London Irish and play at Hazelwood.
After two more seasons playing in the Top West League, World Fighting Bull were dissolved in March 2009 after financial difficulties at World Co.
Easts draws players mainly from Eastern and Southern suburbs of Brisbane, ranging from West End to Capalaba, and south to Mt Gravatt.
He was a rugby master at the College and a player for most of the period.
The club colours for the jersey are royal blue and white linings; the shorts are royal blue; and socks are royal blue and white linings.
The Canada national rugby league team represents Canada in international rugby league football tournaments.
Mar 21st vs. Beacon Hill at home lost 13-0 - Finished 2nds
The Finland women's national rugby union team represents Finland at 15-a-side rugby union.
Senior training is Tuesday and Thursday, 7:30pm start.
Through 4th, 5th and 6th year players who wish to continue playing rugby join Selkirk Youth Club.
The record is held by Heriots FP who have never been relegated.
The team competes in College Division I rugby, against the best college rugby teams in the Northeast.
Queensland finished as minor premiers in 1996 and 1999.
For example, in the 1989 Hong Kong Sevens, they lost 52-0 to Australia, who managed to score nine tries against them.
The league champions are automatically promoted to Tribute Western Counties North while the runner-up play the runner-up from Tribute Somerset Premier for the third promotion place.
Rugby Lyons Piacenza are an Italian rugby union club currently competing in Serie A.
The winning series in 1971 and 1974 changed this pattern.
For season 2016–17 the club has voluntary dropped isx leagues to Sussex Canterbury Jack Division 2 following the resignation of the main sponsor.
The first Dudley Cup final was held in March 1904 with Queens University Belfast the inaugural winners.
The club was founded in 1991 as Leeds RUFC.
They compete regularly in the South American Rugby Championship, but have yet to qualify for the Rugby World Cup.
The Portugal national rugby sevens team played for the first time in 1992, at the Catania Sevens, World Cup 1993 European Qualifier.
This Under-20 tournament replaced the previously-held Under-19 and Under-21 Rugby World Championships.
Brazil is one of the founding unions of CONSUR and played in the inaugural 1951 edition.
On 5 September 1997, the then Minister for the Environment Noel Dempsey T.D.
South Shields Rugby Football Club are an amateur rugby union team based in South Shields, Tyne and Wear, England.
Billingham play their home matches at Greenwood Road, the home of the club which has top of the range facilities.
The Zimbabwe women's national rugby union team are a national sporting side of Zimbabwe, representing them at rugby union.
The current first team captain is Rob Moore having progressed through the Mini and Youth system.
Milford took over the program in 2015 after USC alumnus Dave Lytle retired after coaching the team since 1980.
Pyle Rugby Football Club is a Welsh rugby union team based in Pyle, Wales, UK.
Columbia Olde Grey is a rugby union club founded in 1967 which plays in Columbia, SC.
The Rugby club Châteaurenard is a French rugby union based in Châteaurenard.
The club is registered with the national governing rugby body and competes in the Florida Rugby Union Division 3.
The two teams were replaced in 2011 by Samoa A which is now the sole Samoan representative in the PRC.
The RCU also has a growing youth section within the club.
Honda Heat is a Japanese rugby union team based in Suzuka City, Mie Prefecture, Japan.
The SFGG Old Boys team, the Señors, feature in occasional matches.
Aspiring Wallaby players were given a chance to impress selectors during these games.
They were presumably inactive for a number of years, but are now playing again, though in combination with other teams due to lack of player numbers.
Kenfig Hill Rugby Football Club is a rugby union team from the village of Kenfig Hill, South Wales.
However, rugby union in Connacht has expanded, with increased ticket sales, in particular since its first season competing in the Heineken Cup.
The current captain of the 1st XV is Huw Taylor of Foley House
The first XV, Taunton Titans, play in National League 2 South, having achieved back-to-back promotions in 2009 and 2010.
The team features players selected from Queensland's premier under-16 rugby league competition, the Cyril Connell Cup.
Thomond RFC is an Irish rugby team based in Limerick.
The club is based in Dendermonde in the Flemish Province of East Flanders.
US Carcassonne currently compete in the Pro D2 of French rugby.
Guyana also qualified for the 2010 Commonwealth Games.
Praga Rugby is a Czech rugby club based in Prague.
Jordan played their first test match against Lebanon on May the 14th, 2010, in Dubai.
Cal also competes in the Collegiate Rugby Championship, the highest profile college rugby tournament in the US.
They currently compete in the Norway Rugby Championship and are the oldest club in the country.
The Hawke's Bay Rugby Union is the governing body of rugby union in the Hawke's Bay region of New Zealand.
Hundested RK is a Danish rugby club in Hundested.
Aironi was based at Viadana's home ground and represented a number of regional teams in the multi-national Celtic League.
Founded in 1920, Edinburgh Northern has a fine tradition of being one of the friendliest clubs in Edinburgh.
In 1993-1994 they finished first but were denied promotion to Serie B because of a regulation requiring an under 14 team was not met.
Wasps FC owns the Twyford Avenue Sports Ground that was also used by the Wasps professional teams for training until the end of the 2015–16 season
Roscrea RFC is an Irish Rugby union club based in Roscrea, County Tipperary, playing in Division 2B of the Leinster League.
Spain was one of the 15 "core teams" participating in all nine tournaments during the 2012–13 IRB Sevens World Series, but was relegated the following season.
Valletta Lions RFC is a Maltese rugby club in Valletta.
The club's colors are navy, gold and green.
In 1996 the club applied for and was successful in gaining membership to the Welsh Rugby Union.
The Fire drew most of their players from the Saskatchewan Rugby Union, one of fourteen Rugby Unions that have rep teams in the RCSL.
Toronto returned for a 2009 season under a new name, Rebellion.
Gwernyfed RFC is a member of the Welsh Rugby Union and is a feeder club for the Cardiff Blues.
They currently play in the KB První Liga.
Since 2006, they have also played two matches, against Ireland Wolfhounds and Italy A, in parallel with the full Six Nations Championship.
Like most organisations, the club had its good and bad days.
RC Říčany is a Czech rugby club based in Říčany.
The Leopards is a South African rugby union team that participates in the annual Currie Cup tournament, currently playing in the First Division.
The men's 1st XV currently play in Midlands 1 East, at the sixth level of the English rugby union system.
Blaenavon RFC is a member of the Welsh Rugby Union and is a feeder club for the Newport Gwent Dragons.
The club colours are red and black.
They play in the Newcastle and Hunter Rugby Union’s Premier Competition, as well as fielding teams in other senior and junior NHRU competitions.
Exmouth Rugby Football Club is a rugby union team based in Exmouth in Devon.
Clon RFC have state of the art facilities with a gymnasium.
The club also has a senior women's side currently competing in the Scottish Women's Premier League at Premier 2 level.
The players were picked from the Georgian domestic rugby championship and the head coach was Levan Maisashvili.
It currently has 4 senior sides, ladies, Colts, full Youth and Mini Section.
The team is one of two Queensland sides in the competition, the other being Queensland Country.
Durango Rugby Taldea is a Spanish rugby team based in Durango.
The men's team plays at the Campeonato Nacional Honra/Super Bock, Portugal's top level rugby union championship.
Wisconsin is the 2013 & 1998 USA Rugby Division 2 National Champions, 2012 Runner-up, and 2008 3rd Place.
They lost 44–7 to Uruguay in Montevideo, being eliminated but it was still their best result yet.
They usually play their internationals in Casablanca.
The club is a member of the Welsh Rugby Union and is a feeder club for the Cardiff Blues.
Greece has been participating in international competitions since October 2005 playing its first international game against Austria in Vienna.
It is part of a larger club, the Berliner SV 92, which also offers other sports like association football, baseball and basketball.
The Hamilton Harlequins are a New Zealand rugby union team.
It also acts as a feeder club for the Newport Gwent Dragons.
Laos has been an associate member of World Rugby since November 2004.
The club won back-to-back titles in 2005 and 2006, and were runners-up in Europe in 2006 and 2010 as well.
Founded in 1904, they play at the Parc des Sports also known as Jean Dauger in Bayonne.
The Emerald Warriors are an Irish rugby team based in Dublin.
Teignmouth runs two senior men's sides, a colts team, a women's senior team and a thriving junior section for both girls and boys.
From 2009 to 2015, the team struggles, failing to reach the final phases.
It now plays in the English Premiership, the Anglo-Welsh Cup and the European Professional Club Rugby competitions.
The club was formed in its present state in 1971 by a local youth club, which was at the time organised by Welsh international Steve Fenwick.
The club plays at the Mladost Sports Park in Zagreb.
The club exists to encourage and facilitate rugby at these institutions.
At international level, Rosario A.C. was also the first team outside Buenos Aires to win an international tournament, the Tie Cup on three occasions.
They have a number of teams taken from different age groups including micros and minis, S1 and S2, Under-16, Under-18 and senior 1st XV team.
They currently play in Leinster League Division 3 of the Leinster League.
The club plays in the Montenegrin national division.
As of 2016, they are regular participants in the annual Currie Cup tournament, having previously played in the Vodacom Cup competition.
The team competes in the Oceania Sevens, where they finished third in 2009, and fourth in 2010, 2015 and 2016.
Fiamme Oro Rugby are the rugby union club - formerly known as Fiamme Oro Padova - of the Italian Polizia di Stato sport division.
Penrith Rugby Club, known as the Emus, are an Australian rugby union club based in Penrith, a western suburb of Sydney, New South Wales.
To renew and maintain old friendships of playing days,
They are classed as a tier-three nation by World Rugby.
Belgrano's field hockey team currently takes part of Metropolitano championships organised by the Buenos Aires Hockey Association.
Rugby union in Samoa is governed by the Samoa Rugby Football Union which oversees the Samoa Sevens team and the 15-player Manu Samoa national team.
Rhydyfelin Rugby Football Club is a Welsh rugby union team based in Rhydyfelin.
Ystrad Rhondda Rugby Football Club is a Welsh rugby union team based in Ystrad in the Rhondda Valley.
In their short history the Tamaraws have been relatively successful, being repeated Asian Cup winners and regularly participating in the Cabramatta International 9s rugby league tournament.
This is a great struggle throughout Georgia because of opposition from the high school's football coaches and athletic directors.
Queen's University Belfast Rugby Football Club is the rugby union team of Queen's University Belfast, playing in Division 2A of the All-Ireland League.
London Irish won its first major trophy in 2002, claiming the Powergen Cup.
Hora Hora RFC is a rugby club based in Whangarei, New Zealand.
On the raised ground floor there is a bar and large function rooms.
Helvetia Rugby is a Spanish rugby team based in Seville.
They were one of four teams relegated in 2009 to the Junior World Trophy after finishing at the bottom of the tournament.
The New South Wales Residents rugby league team is a representative rugby league team consisting of players who reside in New South Wales, Australia.
The lower level teams and school will remain, with an eye toward eventual reconstitution of the flagship pro team.
A representative team of the New Zealand Rugby Union, a prerequisite for playing in this team is that the player has Māori whakapapa,.
Pucará is mostly known for its rugby union and women's field hockey teams.
Rugby union in Hong Kong is administered by the Hong Kong Rugby Union since 1952, and competes annually in the Asia Rugby Championship.
Curitiba Rugby Clube is a Rugby Union team in the city of Curitiba, Paraná, Brazil.
Their stay in Pro D2 was short-lived: they were demoted at the end of the 2012–13 Rugby Pro D2 season.
The primary national team is known as the USA Eagles or the United States national rugby union team.
It is the smallest Union in New Zealand in the sense of player numbers and population base.
Lahore Rugby Football Club is a Pakistani rugby club in Lahore.
The club plays in the Queensland Premier Rugby competition, and fields teams for males and females in several other grades and age-group competitions.
Old Elthamians had their first home game at College Meadow on 17 September 2016, defeating visitors Clifton 46 - 19 in front of 420 spectators.
Blackrock College Rugby Football Club is a rugby union club located in Blackrock, Dublin, Ireland.
They also have participated in the inaugural IRB Junior World Championship and all subsequent competitions.
The club runs four senior sides, including a veterans side, and eleven junior teams.
Berwick Rugby Football Club is a rugby union team that was founded in 1926, and reformed in 1968.
The Western Sydney Rams team in the NRC takes its identity from the Rams side that played in the previous national competition, the Australian Rugby Championship.
With the latest addition of two 50" plasma televisions all international games can be viewed in style.
The club has produced numerous All Blacks, the most recent being Rieko Ioane.
Their first full international came against Malta in March 2015.
The Under 21 side that faced Ireland Under 21 in the 2004-05 Six Nations Championship:
The TSV Handschuhsheim is a German rugby union club from Heidelberg, currently playing in the Rugby-Bundesliga.
They are governed by the Rugby zveza Slovenije, and have yet to qualify for the Rugby World Cup.
They currently play in Serie A after three years in the National Championship of Excellence.
VFR400 engines produce a noticeable whine when the engine is running, due to the cams being driven by straight cut gears, rather than chains or belts.
Situated in the West Derby district of the city, the Club can now claim to field sides from all age groups most weeks of the season.
After an absence of six years, the national competition was relaunched as the NRC in 2014.
They currently play in the Extraliga and are one of the most successful teams in the country, having won nine out of the last ten Championships.
Loughborough Students Rugby Union Football Club is the rugby club that represents Loughborough University in rugby union competition.
Scotland play in a dark blue strip, similar to the nation's football and rugby union teams, with blue shirt, shorts and socks.
The best result in a single Sevens tournament was winning the 2015 London Sevens.
In the summer of 2011, the Trojan Rugby Football Club took part in another version of rugby called rugby sevens.
Guasca Rugby Clube is a Brazilian Rugby Union club from the city of Porto Alegre, Rio Grande do Sul.
The national team's nickname is the Malagasy name for the ring-tailed lemur.
Dating back to 1908, Australia are the fourth oldest national side after England, New Zealand and Wales.
Boitsfort Rugby Club is a Belgian rugby union club currently competing in the Belgian Elite League.
The trained operator at the variable speed control box regulates the unit's Buck-and-Spin speed, as well as spin direction.
They first played in 1975 and now compete on an annual basis in the Africa Cup.
Connemara RFC is an Irish rugby team based in Clifden, Connacht.
Wayne Bennett is the head coach and Sam Burgess is the current captain.
RC Hasselt is a Belgian rugby club in Hasselt.
Law, or The Law Club as it was also known, was a 19th-century football club that fielded teams playing by rugby football codes.
Warwickian Rugby Union Football Club or WRUFC, known as Warwickians, is a Rugby union club in Warwickshire, England.
Velencei Kék Cápák RK is a Hungarian rugby club in Velence.
Founded in 1919 and admitted to the SRU in 1939, it was originally restricted to former pupils of Boroughmuir High School.
The clubhouse has a bar, lounge and four squash courts, the club have six full pitches plus Minis pitches and big training area.
The club was formed on September 21, 1924.
In the 21st century, efforts were made to revitalize the sport in Brazil.
Rugby club Orléans is a semi-professional French rugby union team, from Orléans.
Based in Llanelli, south-west Wales the team play at the Parc y Scarlets stadium.
When news that Trinant had reformed began to travel, many local players from rival clubs, requested to move to Trinant.
Pori Rugby is a Finnish rugby club in Pori.
When the North America 4 was replaced by the Canadian Rugby Championship and Americas Rugby Championship in 2009, Canada West ceased to exist.
The first XV play in Tribute Western Counties West after being relegated from Tribute South West 1 West in 2016–17.
There is a small 6 team premier competition and several development pups.
The team played as Caledonia in three seasons of an amateur Scottish Inter-District Championship from 1999 to 2002.
This variation of rugby is faster paced, with the same size fields but fewer people, and shorter half lengths.
They would suffer the drop after the 2012-13 season, not returning until 2015–16.
Delhi Sher RFC is an Indian rugby club based in New Delhi, India.
The official colours of the club are black and green, the colours of the city of L'Aquila.
Also, the Cornish rugby team can boast an Olympic silver medal.
They played 3rd in 2013, and won back-to-back national championships in 2014 and 2015.
In 2015 Germany has qualified to the Final 2016 Olympic Qualification Tournament, where the team aims to qualify for the 2016 Summer Olympics.
The Papua New Guinea national rugby league team represents Papua New Guinea internationally in the sport of rugby league football.
Medicals RFC is a rugby union club in Newcastle Upon Tyne who have been in existence since 1898.
The second XV play in the Somerset Premier League and the third XV play in Somerset 2 South.
Several Hartpury College players have gone on to play for Gloucester and other professional teams.
The club's mascot is an Irish Wolfhound called Digger.
The team was first formed in 1973 and currently plays in an annual All Stars Match against a National Rugby League NRL All Stars team.
Representative rugby league football in Western Australia has history going back to the early days of the WARL.
The club has fielded over seventy internationals, many of whom won caps while playing for the club.
The club runs five senior sides, the full range of junior teams and a women's section which includes three women's teenage teams.
Cardiff Harlequins RFC was a rugby union club located in the Welsh capital city of Cardiff.
The team came second behind Toshiba Brave Lupus in the second season of Japanese rugby's Top League.
Schedule 1980: Florida 7th Champions and Florida Cup Champions - Finished with 11 games won, 1 lost, and 1 tied
The team's clubhouse was founded with help of a ten-year interest-free loan from the WRU in 1960.
In 1995, the DAFL took a decision to exclude Australians from its national team.
They do not currently play in a league.
The team is controlled by the USA Rugby League and is overseen by the Rugby League International Federation.
Since then, the club won the title of the Senior Third Division in 2006.
It is the rugby section of the multi-sport club AS Montferrandaise, which was founded in 1911 and adopted that name in 1922.
The club also has a thriving junior section with hundreds of players.
Feb 3rd vs. Ft. Lauderdale at home won 38-0
The RCU therefore is in the Top 5 of the biggest rugby clubs in Bavaria.
The capacity crowd saw Irish side Ulster win 21 points to 6.
Formed in 1900 the club celebrated its centenary with a tour to Prague in the Czech Republic.
The Dominican Republic national rugby union team represents the Dominican Republic in rugby union.
Békéscsabai Benny Bulls RC is a Hungarian rugby club in Békéscsaba.
Old Crescent, Clontarf and Galwegians won promotion to the All Ireland League.
Launceston Rugby Union Football Club is a Rugby Union club in Tasmania.
The club have historically been one of the most successful in Auckland history, having won the Gallaher Shield on nine occasions, most recently in 2000.
RC Aviator is a Ukrainian rugby club in Kiev.
The club currently fields four adult teams and an under-19 team.
Their first ever points in the World Series came in 2003, when they scored four points in the Cardiff leg of the series.
Betws Rugby Football Club is a Welsh rugby union club based in Betws, Carmarthenshire, South Wales.
Redruth RFC is a rugby union team from Cornwall and play in the fourth tier of the English league system, National League 2 South.
March 2004 saw the touring Greek side visit New Caledonia to assist with League development in the pacific area.
Abercarn RFC is a feeder club for the Newport Gwent Dragons.
Manly Rugby Union Football Club is a rugby union club based in Manly, a suburb of Sydney, New South Wales.
The 2000-01 season saw Glasgow Caledonians compete in the competitions: the Welsh-Scottish League and the European Champions Cup, the Heineken Cup for sponsorship reasons.
During the period of hostilities the Club provided over a thousand games of cricket and rugby for servicemen from all parts of the British Commonwealth.
Usk Rugby Football Club ia a Welsh rugby union club based in the historic town of Usk in South Wales.
The Estonia national rugby league team represents Estonia in the sport of rugby league football.
Martinique has been playing international rugby since 1991 but has never qualified for a Rugby World Cup.
This has allowed for the exchange of players and coaching techniques.
 | url         = www.pitchero.com/clubs/pontllanfraith/
The Glasgow District rugby union team was founded in 1872.
These were lean years for many and there is no doubt that greater training and more specialist coaching would have given victory to post war sides.
Huirapuca SC, or simply Huirapuca, is an Argentine sports club from Concepción, Tucumán.
The Tuggeranong Vikings were the premiers of the ACTRU Premier Division competition in the 2009 season, defeating the Queanbeyan Whites in a classic encounter.
The team currently fields a 1st XV in the Sussex Spitfire 1 league, and a 2nd XV in the Sussex 'Oranjeboom' 2 West league.
The present NRC team is descended from the ACT representative side known as the Canberra Kookaburras.
In 1995 and 2000 they had their most successful tournaments to date, making the Semi-Finals on both occasions before being beaten by England and Australia respectively.
Mariners RFC is a Bermudian rugby club in Hamilton.
The club is located in the Oberhavel district, north west of Berlin.
Oct 17th vs. Boca Raton, Florida Cup, Lost 41-7
The field hockey team competes at tournaments organized by the Buenos Aires Hockey Association.
The club runs two senior teams, a veterans side and a colts side.
The club play their home matches at Webb Ellis Road.
The team is currently composed of local Caribbean players and of players with Caribbean heritage who were born overseas.
These were Dr. Mike Bewsher, Richard Carr, Les Clerihew, Archie Stott and Tom Wight.
All Cadet classes play and the team currently has over 60 members drawn from the United States Corps of Cadets fielding four rugby sides.
They currently play in Hungarian National Championship I.
Glyncorrwg Rugby Football Club are a Welsh rugby union club based in the town of Glyncorrwg in Wales, UK.
Ukraine was originally scheduled to play in the 2008 European Bowl but withdrew at the last minute due to problems with the teams visas.
They are administered by the New Zealand Rugby League.
They also have a thriving mini and junior section running teams from Under 8s-Under 16s with around 250 children playing on Sundays.
The team was run under the auspices of the Rugby Football League, but an independent body, Wales Rugby League, now runs the team from Cardiff.
Brothers Rugby Club is an Australian rugby union club that is based in Roseville, New South Wales, Sydney.
Rugby union in Turkey is administered by the Turkish Rugby Federation.
They are administered by the French Rugby League Federation.
With around 60 members, Harvard Rugby is one of the largest club teams at Harvard.
In 1999 the Committees and Trustees of the club unanimously agreed to the construction of a brand new €1m state-of-the-art clubhouse.
It is the second-tier side to the Tonga national rugby union team.
The team play their home games at Franklin's Gardens, which has a capacity of 15,500.
They went on to win the Fédérale 1 title, defeating Massy 18–14 in the final
RK Petrovice is a Czech rugby club in Petrovice, Prague.
They play at Wrights Meadow on Stanbridge Road.
The home field is Westmount Park field, in Westmount.
Porth RFC is a member of the Welsh Rugby Union and is a feeder club for the Cardiff Blues.
The club is based in Schaerbeek, a suburb to Brussels.
The club is the official rugby team of the University of Szeged and they currently play in Nemzeti Bajnokság II.
In the past, Woodlands Memorial Ground was shared by Blackpool Rugby League Club.
Two other former Kidwelly players, Ray Gravell and Gerald Davies went on to represent their country, though Gravelle had only played for the Kidwelly youth team.
In 2016, they won the inaugural gold medal at the Rio Olympics.
In its first season the Cheetahs did surprisingly well, finishing tenth in the final standings, out of 14 sides.
Founded in 1964, the Chicago Lions Rugby Football Club is a USA Rugby Division 1 team based in Chicago, Illinois, United States.
The club currently play in the fifth tier of the English league system, London & South East Premier.
The Montenegro national rugby sevens team, known as the Wolves, represents Montenegro in international rugby sevens.
The match was the fourth game of the tour and was played in Newcastle on 11 June 2013 at Hunter Stadium.
The English Shinty Team is the team selected to represent The English Shinty Association and the sport of shinty in England.
The team name Júbilo means 'joy' in Portuguese, which has had a notable influence on the Japanese language.
It plays in Fédérale 2, the fourth level of French rugby union.
Abertillery Rugby Football Club is a Welsh rugby union club based in Abertillery.
The minimum required height of rugby posts under Law 1.4 is just 11.2 ft - technically a mere 1.3 ft higher than the cross-bar.
In 2009, Rugby Canada decided to disband the RCSL and start a new league called Rugby Canada National Junior Championship.
Old Colfeians Rugby Football Club is an English rugby union team based in Lee in south London for ex Colfes school members.
In 2007 they celebrated their 125th year of being a Welsh Rugby Union member club.
Tahiti competes in the Pacific Games since the introduction of women's rugby sevens in the 2011 Pacific Games in New Caledonia.
Gwernyfed RFC was founded in 1965 by two school teachers from Gwernyfed High School and initially played in the Neath & District Junior Rugby Union.
Their home ground is at Crow Trees, Swalwell, Tyne and Wear.
The team is based in Canberra, Australian Capital Territory and named for the wild horses which inhabit the capital's hinterland.
The team's name is derived from the insurance company Helvetia that is their main sponsor.
Asociación Alumni, usually just Alumni, is a rugby union club located in Tortuguitas, Greater Buenos Aires, Argentina.
However, since 1974 the ground itself has been owned by the IRFU.
The Monmouth Rugby Football Club is a rugby union team in Division 1I of the Empire Geographical Union based in Monmouth County, New Jersey.
Tyrosse were relegated from the Rugby Pro D2 competition down to Fédérale 1 after the 2005-06 season.
They won the MacTier Cup at Regina Rugby Park in 2007 defeating the Niagara Thunder, 28–12.
Willie Sullivan was also the president of Meath Agricultural Society at the time, so the county show grounds became the home grounds for Navan RFC.
Kavallieri RFC is a Maltese rugby club.
Maccabi Rugby Football Club is an amateur rugby union club that plays in the New South Wales Suburban Rugby Union.
This is very clearly reflected in the large number of home-grown players that now make up our First XV.
1 Oval, with a licensed bar facility and a large catered function centre.
Rugby had been played in Aberystwyth since the late 19th century when the local college founded a rugby team.
Many players for the Moroccan team are drawn from the French competition.
All of the team are members of the Bonymaen RFC Union team who play in division 1 West.
Skewen RFC is a member of the Welsh Rugby Union and is a feeder club for the Ospreys.
Mar 14th Florida Championships at FIU Campus in Miami: Won Div.
The Club brand is a bulldog and the club's colors are blue and red.
The club forms part of the Vor Frue Idrætsforening.
in terms of values, playing style, selection policy and the lack of a home ground.
Morocco has thus far not qualified for a Rugby World Cup, but have participated in the qualifying tournaments since the early 1990s.
The vote failed heavily with only 20 votes for the motion and over 300 against.
They are competing in Division Three for 2010 Asian Five Nations tournaments.
Earlston RFC is a rugby union club, based at Earlston in the Scottish Borders.
As of the 2012/13 season, they play in the First Division of the Campeonato Nacional de Rugby.
The Stuttgarter RC is a German rugby union club from Stuttgart, currently playing in the 2nd Rugby-Bundesliga.
In the summer the ground is used by Nottingham Cricket Club.
The Chicago Riot Rugby Football Club is a Division III rugby union team based out of Chicago, Illinois, United States.
The rugby team currently plays at Torneo del Litoral, the first division of the Unión de Rugby de Rosario league system.
Pakistan is a member of the International Rugby Board, and have yet to play in a Rugby World Cup tournament.
Otley Rugby Union Football Club is an English rugby union club representing Otley in the City of Leeds, district of West Yorkshire.
After finishing top of the table in that season, the Crusaders went on to host the final in which they defeated the Waratahs.
The ladies play every Saturday in the Belgian National Second Division.
Boland players are eligible for selection to the Stormers Super Rugby franchise.
In 2002, the club merged with a Glasgow club Hutchesons Aloysians to form Glasgow Hutchesons Aloysians RFC.
The club was admitted to the Welsh Rugby Union in 1995 and in 2003 a new clubhouse was opened.
They took on Norway and Czech Republic, and they beat them both, securing their second European Bowl title.
Eden Rugby Club is a rugby union club based in Auckland, New Zealand.
Rugby League in New Caledonia is run under the auspices of the French Rugby League Federation, the Fédération Française de Rugby à Treize.
The club is affiliated with the Canterbury Rugby Football Union.
They have thus far only played in sevens tournaments and they have yet to qualify for the Women's Rugby World Cup.
The club runs four senior sides and a sevens team as well as a ladies side and the full range of junior teams.
For more Ukrainian stats, news, team results and more visit Ukraine's RLEF Page.
Known as "the Emus", the club colours are blue and red.
Rugby Clube de Loulé is a rugby team based in Loulé, Portugal.
Charlotte Rugby Club was founded in 1971.
The Revolution are big improvers in International Australian Football, finishing 3rd behind New Zealand and Papua New Guinea in the 2005 International Cup.
The team's debut match in the Dialog Rugby League was on 10 June 2012 against Kandy SC, losing 26 points to 11, at Nittawela rugby stadium.
They replace the two former age grade teams Under 19's and Under 21's.
The Scotland national rugby league team represent Scotland in international rugby league football tournaments.
Blaenavon RFC first game was against local rivals Abergavenny on Thursday 8 November 1877 and ended in a draw.
The Academy structure is based on 4 regional academies geographically based on the traditional districts of Glasgow District.
Membership of the club is restricted to ek-Waikato representatives, All Blacks or members of the New Zealand Services team, and certain invited players.
Apr 7th vs. Richmond Heavies at home.
The Papua New Guinea national rugby sevens team represents Papua New Guinea in rugby sevens.
In addition to the senior team, Nakuru RFC has a second team 'Nakuru II which participates in the Eric Shirley Shield.
Trinant Rugby Football Club is a rugby union team from the village of Trinant in Newport, Wales.
They also have three International Rugby Board Players of the Year: Dan Carter,,, Richie McCaw, and and Kieran Read
The club also runs mini and junior sides.
They qualified for the 2011–12 season and finished 12th place overall.
Currently the team is ranked fifth in the world.
Old Bristolians Rugby Football Club is an English amateur rugby union club founded in 1915 and based in Failand, North Somerset.
Iran Rugby Federation is a member of World Rugby and the Asian Rugby Football Union.
Nottingham Rugby Club are a rugby union club based in Nottingham, England.
The Raiders won their division in 2013
Edinburgh District, North and Midlands and South.
The club commenced competitive rugby at Minor A level and won its first trophy, the Dromleena Cup in 1978.
Sandal Rugby Union Football Club is an English rugby union team based in Sandal Magna near Wakefield, West Yorkshire.
Oakthorpe Invitational Rugby Football Club, also known as Oakthorpe, is an invitational rugby club based in Oxfordshire.
The first XV plays in London 1 South having won promotion from London 2 South East via the playoffs at the end of the 2016-17 season.
The Provincial Towns Plate was won in 1962 and 1966 while the Oval Trophy was annexed in 1967.
They play fixtures against Queensland Residents, often as a curtain raiser to a State of Origin game.
The Rugby Football League is the governing body for professional rugby league in England.
Bosworth currently compete in the Midlands 2 East League.
But when it was decided that Great Britain would tour the Southern Hemisphere instead of England, France and Wales became the only regular opponents.
The club currently runs 2 senior teams, the 1st XV playing in North Lancashire 2.
RC Graz is an Austrian rugby club in Graz that plays in the highest domestic division.
Since then, Ireland has become the team's main rival, the two teams having played each other many times in their short histories.
Players who have come through the junior section have gone on to higher levels.
They currently play in DRU Division One East.
Kelso RFC won the prestigious Melrose Sevens tournament seven times in the space of 12 years from 1978 to 1989.
The American Samoa national rugby union team, also known as the "Talavalu", represents American Samoa in international rugby union.
The club was founded in 1873 and are based at Mansfield Park at Hawick in the Scottish Borders.
They have taken part in the Mediterranean Cup and have won it in every year it has been played.
Their senior team plays in the Southlandwide Premier Division for the Galbraith Shield.
The club was formed in 1965 as Nepean and renamed Penrith in 1981 and began playing in First Division in 1995.
Cardiff Quins Rugby Football Club is a Welsh rugby union club based in Cardiff in Wales.
Thurrock Rugby Football Club is an English rugby union team based in Grays, Essex.
The Chiefs are one of the competition's five New Zealand sides.
In the 2013-2014 season, the under 15s team wore a tiger print kit on their tour of The Netherlands
They have the current title of "u18 King of the Sevens" and "Border Cup" champions.
The Talavalu is the name of a traditional Samoan war weapon, originally carved out of ironwood.
Over the years Pontardawe RFC has produced a number of first-class rugby players and coaches.
The Suva Highlanders is a former Fijian rugby union team that had a franchise area coverering Suva, Naitasiri and Kadavu.
They currently compete in Division 3D of the European Nations Cup.
University College Cork Rugby Football Club currently plays in Division 1B of the All-Ireland League.
The 2007-08 season saw Glasgow Warriors compete in the competitions: the Magners Celtic League and the European Champions Cup, the Heineken Cup.
In the 2015/16 season the club finished 3rd in 1B, the highest the club had ever reached in Leinster since the Leinster League began in 1993/94.
Llandybie RFC is a member of the Welsh Rugby Union and is a feeder club for the Llanelli-based professional team Scarlets.
The club forms part of the Slavia Prague sports network.
Although being inducted into the Sydney Tooheys Shute Shield competition in 2006, it was not until 2007 that they played their first full season.
The team badge consists of a shield containing the lamb of god carrying a St George's standard.
They also sporadically play touring sides such as the British and Irish Lions.
This result was repeated in the second Punjas Series in 2011.
By the terms of the settlement, announced on 16 November 2006, the financially troubled Spears abandoned their case.
Chinese Taipei have yet to make their debut at the Rugby World Cup, but have attempted to qualify since Wales 1999.
There is also a large social membership that runs darts and pool teams in local leagues.
They play most of their home games in Andorra la Vella, the country's capital, though have had some matches in Foix, which is in France.
In 1938 the club changed its colours to its well-known scarlet and white hoop.
The St. Louis Ramblers Rugby Football Club is a division II rugby union team based out of St. Louis, Missouri, United States.
They also won the final of the British and Irish Cup beating Munster A 23–14.
They compete annually in the European Nations Cup, currently in Division 2C.
They defeated Jordan in the first round 71 - 3 and won against Iran 27 - 8 to secure their third consecutive Asian title.
Otahuhu Rugby Football Club is a rugby union club based in Auckland, New Zealand.
The New South Wales Women's rugby league team has represented the Australian state of New South Wales in Women's rugby league football.
Técnico is a Portuguese top rugby club.
Its colours are navy blue and white in a hooped design.
With over 100 members, Fordham Rugby is one of the most popular athletic club sports teams at Fordham.
Williams scored a try in his debut game.
 | nickname    = 
Venezuela is a third tier rugby playing nation.
Petersham Rugby Union Football Club is a rugby union club based in the inner west of Sydney, New South Wales.
The 2015–16 season was Irish provincial rugby union side Connacht Rugby's fifteenth season competing in the Pro12, and the team's twentieth season as a professional side.
It is part of the Missouri Rugby Football Union as well as the Western Rugby Football Union.
The 2008-09 season saw Glasgow Warriors compete in the competitions: the Magners Celtic League and the European Champions Cup, the Heineken Cup.
They added a historic 3rd win in a row with a 24–18 win over Clermont in the 2015 final.
Garnock Rugby Club is an amateur rugby union club based in Glengarnock in Scotland.
Matches with local rivals Bath, Worcester Warriors and Bristol are referred to as West Country derbies.
The club was established in 1996 as a merger between the Grammar Old Boys and Carlton clubs.
The University of Miami Rugby Football Club is a rugby union club in Miami, Florida.
The club is based in L'Aquila which is the capital of Abruzzo.
RFC Liégeois is a Belgian rugby union club currently competing in the Belgian Elite League.
On 20 February 2003, the Welsh Rugby Union were given permission to withdraw from the "A" team Six Nations Championship, citing costs as the primary reason.
Their last time in the Top 14 was for 2009–10 after winning the 2008–09 promotion playoffs.
During this season the young professional side competed as Glasgow Caledonians; the last time they would use that name.
Rugby Club I Cavalieri is a rugby union team from the city of Prato, Italy.
Worldwide, many invitational clubs are based on the Barbarians, in particular the Barbarian Rugby Club, known as the French Barbarians, and others.
They compete in the Guinness Pro12 and the Heineken Cup.
The club run three senior teams and the full range of junior teams.
Based in Cardiff, the capital of Wales, the team play at Cardiff Arms Park and are owned by Cardiff Rugby Football Club.
Taibach Rugby Football Club are a Welsh rugby union club based in Taibach of Port Talbot in Wales, UK.
Stavanger Rugby Klubb is a Norwegian rugby club based in Norway.
During their first season, the 'Rams' were forced to be a nomadic club with no pitch of their own to use.
The Kazakhstan women's national rugby union team is nicknamed the Nomads.
Changing facilities for both sets of pitches are at the main site in Priory Lane.
The Montenegro national rugby team, known as the Wolves, represents Montenegro in rugby union.
RC Sparta Prague is a Czech rugby club based in Prague.
Furthermore, the club have also recently enjoyed plenty of success, by winning the Warwickshire Cup.
Juvenia Kraków is a Polish rugby union club based in Kraków, Poland.
In particular, Don Rutherford was the first professional appointment in the Rugby Football Union.
On August 1, 2009, the team won their first national championship.
Novos used to regularly field seven senior sides in the 1980s and 1990s.
He currently plays for Belgrade team "Pobednik".
The first XV play in South West Premier, following their promotion from South West 1 East in 2017.
Linköpings Rugbyklubb is a Swedish rugby club in Linköping.
The club fields three teams, two at senior level and one at under-20 level.
The team is based in Fuchū, Tokyo, as is their local rival Toshiba Brave Lupus.
Vienna Celtic Rugby Football Club is an Austrian rugby club based in Vienna.
The team lined out as follows The first team
The origins of the Exeter University Rugby Football Club can be traced back to the old sides of St Luke's College.
Machen Rugby Football Club is a Welsh rugby union club based in Machen near the city of Newport.
For the past few years the club has produced the majority of the Ukraine national team.
Hartpury College RFC is an English rugby union club.
Before that players were selected entirely from clubs in domestic New Zealand leagues.
It was founded in 1876 as Afan Football Club, and changed names several times before settling on Aberavon Rugby Football Club.
The club motto "Nunquam Dormio" is Latin, meaning I never sleep.
Rodos Colossi RFC is a Greek rugby club in the city of Rhodes on the island of Rhodes.
SWALEC League Division 4 East after gaining promotion in the 2009/10 season.
More recent All Blacks affiliated to HOBM include Piri Weepu, Hosea Gear and Jeremy Thrush.
The Italy national rugby league team represents Italy in rugby league football.
The Bulls, for sponsorship reasons known as the Vodacom Bulls, are a South African rugby union team competing in the Super Rugby competition.
The 2004-05 season is the ninth in the history of the Glasgow Warriors as a professional side.
Highlighting the Fair Play, Great Gatherings, Dynamic and Game Technical Fellowship.
Millmount House RFC is an Irish rugby team based in Santry, Dublin.
The sport has historic connections to the Scottish community in the country.
Bristol Rugby club dates back to 1888.
The Czech Republic national rugby sevens team is a minor national sevens side.
The national side are known as the Kumuls.
Brooklyn Rugby Football Club, is a Rugby Union team founded in 2007 and based in Brooklyn, New York.
Their annual Sevens are held at the end of April and 2008 saw the centenary of the tournament.
They currently play in the KB Extraliga and are the oldest existing club in the Czech Republic.
The team plays in the Pro12 league and in the European Professional Club Rugby tournaments.
The Moldova national rugby union team is governed by the Moldovan Rugby Federation, and have yet to qualify for the Rugby World Cup.
Senghenydd Rugby Football Club are a Welsh rugby union club based in Senghenydd in South Wales.
During this season Beaconsfield is setting up a girls team for U18s and U15s.
The Chinese Taipei national rugby union team represents the Republic of China in international rugby union.
Formed in 1963 by a group of teachers and old pupils from Shipston High School, the first squad came from wide across the region.
The club successfully gained membership to the Welsh Rugby Union in 1998.
By the 1970s, the team had moved to Westmount, and had changed its name to the Westmount Rugby Club, officially incorporated in 1976.
Korea participated in the 2008 Asian Five Nations, the inaugural Asian Five Nations.
RC Obolon-University is a Ukrainian rugby club in Khmelnytskyi.
The Melbourne Harlequins Rugby Union Club is an Australian rugby union team formed in 1928.
They currently play in Mälardalsserien, the second level of rugby in Sweden and are members of the International Gay Rugby Association and Board.
RC Epokha-Polytechnic is a Ukrainian rugby club in Kiev.
The club is currently based at the Anchor Recreation Grounds in Paisley, home of Paisley Rugby Union Club.
Cardenales Rugby Club, or simply Cardenales, is a rugby union and field hockey club from San Miguel de Tucumán, Argentina.
SIC has also won 4 Nacional de Clubes tournaments.
The 1st XV Team currently play in the newly revamped Division One East for the 2014/2015 season.
They play in Connacht Junior League in Division 1A.
As of 2017, the Warriors will also play in Australia's National Rugby Championship.
They play in the Stade Antoine-Beguere and traditionally wear blue and red jerseys.
The Dallas Harlequins Rugby Football Club is a rugby union team based in Dallas, Texas.
Chicago Blaze Rugby Football Club is a rugby union club based in Lemont, Illinois.
Slovakia have yet to qualify for a Rugby World Cup.
Founded in 1891, the club plays at Stade Patrice Brocas; its players wear red and white.
Guernsey Rugby Football Club is an amateur rugby union team who play at Footes Lane in St Peter Port on the Channel Island of Guernsey.
Pontypool play their home matches at Pontypool Park.
The 60's proved to be one of the prosperous eras in the history of Navan RFC.
The team competes in the Empire Geographic Union Division III, and is a member of USA Rugby.
Petrarca is the 3rd most successful side in the Italian championship behind Amatori Milano and Benetton Treviso.
Scotland has replaced this age grade with the under-18 side.
Since then the team has been a constant challenger for promotion many times coming within a game of this.
They will be playing in 2013/14 Amlin Challenge Cup.
Since its founding in 1973, the Tridents have been the preeminent Miami rugby club.
The team competes in the Super Rugby competition, previously known as the Super 12 from 1996 to 2005 and Super 14 from 2006 to 2010.
In 2012–13 season the club finished 8th in the National League, the second tier of club rugby, after a late season run of good results.
St. Andrew's Rovers FC was a 19th-century rugby football club.
Today, the club has a strong rugby school with two junior teams that are already able to inject players into the senior side.
The Coastal Stallions is a former Fijian rugby union team.
Brazil were champions, with Colombia and Venezuela finishing third and fourth respectively.
The first XV currently play in North Premier.
The first club president was Frank Cook, who had played his rugby at Mill Hill School.
Apr 6th vs. Boca Raton, away, ???
Jacksonville Rugby Football Club are a men's rugby union team based in Jacksonville, Florida.
They currently play in the KB Extraliga.
Ghana are not a member of the International Rugby Board, and as of 2016 had not played in a Rugby World Cup tournament.
The institution is headquartered in the neighborhood of Saavedra, Buenos Aires, while its rugby stadium is located in Ingeniero Maschwitz, Greater Buenos Aires.
The Stormers are a South African professional rugby union team based in Cape Town competing in the Super Rugby competition.
The rugby team plays at The Little Q Rugby Field, adjacent to Qualcomm Stadium.
Despite improved professionalism, France finished 10th in the 2008 World Cup in Australia.
Australian Maritime College Rugby Union Football Club is a Rugby Union club in Tasmania.
The club is more generally known as Novos.
Canterbury also acts as a primary feeder to the Crusaders, who play in the Super Rugby competition.
The team plays its home matches at Steaua II Stadium, inside the Steaua Sports Complex, right next to the football Ghencea Stadium.
Morrocco participated at the 2016 Hong Kong Sevens, they reached the quarterfinals of the World Series Qualifier.
The club was established in 1983 and currently competes in the División de Honor B de Rugby competition, the second-level of Spanish club rugby.
The local patron of the rugby club is Nathan "Birdman" Burgess.
It arose from the merger between Kai Tak Tigers and DeA Flamingo Rugby Football Club in 1990 to become "DeA Tigers".
The women's squad advanced from USA Rugby's Division I into the Women's Premier League in 2012.
The Scotland national B rugby union team was one of several national rugby union teams behind the Scottish national side.
In 2000 they were relegated to the Ulster Senior League but returned to the AIB League two years later.
They play in the Scotland Division of the Rugby League Conference.
The club runs three senior teams and a veterans side, the junior section starts at Under 7's up to a Colts XV.
The club travels throughout the US and into Canada.
RC Evko-More is a Ukrainian rugby club in Feodosiya.
The club is located in the Oberhavel district, north west of Berlin.
The club competes in the Northern California Rugby Football Union division II.
They were replaced in 2016 by a World All Stars.
Worcester Warriors Rugby Football Club are an English rugby union club, playing in the English Premiership.
Ivory Coast participate in the annual Africa Cup and are considered a third tier rugby team.
Dec 5th vs. Boca Raton, away, Lost 23-17
The team did not reach the play-offs for another five years as the team struggled in the bottom four of the table.
Relegated teams drop down into Gloucester 1.
The club moved to Penns Place in 1979; the first clubhouse was a wooden structure which was irreparably damaged in the Great Storm of 1987.
Bective Rangers Football Club is a rugby union club in Dublin, Ireland founded in 1881.
Rugby Football Club Arsenal Tivat is a Montenegrin rugby club based in Tivat.
They currently play in Nemzeti Bajnokság II.
Usk RFC's first recorded rugby match was against Newport in 1874.
USC's home is at the McAllister Field, located near the Fraternity Row at USC in downtown Los Angeles, California.
Hamilton Rugby Football Club was founded in March 1875 in Cape Town, and states that it is the oldest rugby union club in South Africa.
Barcelona Universitari Club is a Spanish rugby team based in Barcelona.
Since then, they have played several international games in FIRA competition 3D, and in Greece.
Pembroke Dock Harlequins Rugby Football Club is a Welsh rugby union team based in Pembroke Dock.
A new club, York City Knights was established to take the Wasps' place for the 2003 season.
The club has grown dramatically since its inception and now fields junior teams from U6's to U17's.
Rovers have a thriving junior section including two girls teams at under 13 and under 15.
They have yet to qualify for the Rugby World Cup, although they have entered qualifiers for all the tournaments from the 1995 edition onwards.
The organization was originally a competitor at the senior men's level.
At the end of the 2010–11 season, after the winner of the Trofeo Eccellenza 2010–2011, the club was disbanded for financial difficulties.
The Scotland national under-16 rugby union team is one of several junior national rugby union teams behind the Scottish national side.
Earlier in that year Tonga A also played two matches against Fiji Warriors in the first Punjas Series.
The Berliner Rugby Club is a German rugby union club from Berlin, currently playing in the Rugby-Bundesliga.
Aberystwyth Rugby Football Club is a rugby union team from the town of Aberystwyth, West Wales.
The Queensland Country Heelers is an amateur rugby union football team that represents the regions of Queensland outside of Brisbane.
It follows the widespread Football Code of Rugby Union.
The club plays its home games at Elliot Road and the Speedwell Bar provides as a club house offering post-match food and beverages.
Darlington Mowden Park Sharks Ladies Rugby Football Club is a women's rugby union club in Darlington, County Durham, England founded in 1996.
Their main colour is blue and their emblem a bull's head and horns.
In addition to the move, the club also formed a Division 3 team to debut in the 2009–10 season.
They won the eleven-try match in dramatic fashion with a last minute drop-goal to win 37-36.
Captained by powerhouse and lump number 8 Jamie Rees.
In 2007, the Rhinos won the Asian Division 6 Championships in Brunei Darussalam after recording wins against Laos 17-3, Cambodia 11-10 & Brunei 28-13.
Llanishen RFC is a feeder club for Cardiff Blues.
They won the finals against Lithuania with 40-5.
The Bahamas national rugby union team represent the Bahamas in the sport of rugby union.
The club runs four senior sides, including a past players side, and a full set of junior teams.
The team compete in the English Colts Club Knockout Cup, the U'19 Eastern Counties Cup and they also play a range of friendlies during the season.
The Wisconsin Rugby Club is a USA Rugby Men's Division 2 Rugby Union team based in Madison, Wisconsin, United States.
These players were selected by fan vote.
The first XV currently plays in National League 2 North, a fourth tier league in the English rugby union system.
Rochdale Rugby Football Club is an English rugby union team based in Rochdale, Greater Manchester.
They have also competed in the Rugby League European Nations Cup and Victory Cup.
In 2010, the Rugby Canada changed the format of the Canadian competition of the ARC, introducing the CRC.
Ukraine have been playing international rugby union since the early 1990s.
Suntory therefore became the champion of the Top League for the 2007–08 season.
Cwmllynfell RFC are a Welsh rugby union club based in Cwmllynfell in South Wales.
Budapest Exiles RFC is a Hungarian rugby club in Budapest.
The senior ladies play in division 2.
They usually play in Nemzeti Bajnokság II, but have opted out of the 2010-11 season, possibly to rebuild the team.
They currently play in the Hungarian Extraliga.
On the 26 April 2010, the club filed for bankruptcy at a commercial court following a meeting of the club's board of directors.
The Sunshine Coast Stingrays is an Australian rugby union football team that represents Queensland's Sunshine Coast region.
The team has recently branded itself from being Royal High Corstorphine RFC.
The club was formed by ex-students of St Patrick's College, Strathfield but now has members from various backgrounds including a number of international players.
The club was formed in 1996 when Dumbarton and Vale of Leven Rugby Clubs merged in order to increase playing numbers and to pool finances.
Longford RFC is an Irish rugby team based in Longford, County Longford, playing in Division 1B of the Leinster League.
The club is a member of the Welsh Rugby Union and is a feeder club for the Ospreys.
The club used Maya numerals on the back of their jersey to identify a player's position in the first two years of activities.
It was a founding member of FIRA in 1934, but since 1941 is a former official national team.
Chichester Rugby Football Club is an English rugby union team based in Chichester in West Sussex.
They amalgamated with Newlyn RFC in 1944 to form Penzance and Newlyn RFC, currently known as the Cornish Pirates.
The club also runs a number of junior sides and has a well-established mini rugby section for Primary school children.
Scottish, Welsh and Irish players were not in the selection, nor ones from several other major rugby playing nations, e.g.
The club was founded in 1965 and were national champions in 1969, 1970 and 1977.
Kubota Spears is a Japanese rugby union team based in Funabashi, Chiba participating in the Top League.
North Brisbane Rugby Club, or Norths, is an Australian rugby union club.
Associação de Estudantes do Instituto Superior de Agronomia or Agronomia is a Portuguese multisports club for Instituto Superior de Agronomia students.
The club moved their once a week training venue to Rosslyn Park RFC's all weather surface at the start of the 2016-17 season.
The team also contested its first senior cup match, having won through the preliminary rounds for the first time.
Formed in 1911 they have won the French league eight times and the French cup six times.
Its colours are red and black in a hooped design.
Since then the Club has seen several thousands of young men and women enjoy the game of Rugby and develop many friendships.
They sit behind only Auckland and Canterbury.
Apart from football and rugby, the other sports currently practised at the club are field hockey, speed badminton and tennis.
Following the departure of Eric Elwood, the 2013–14 season saw Pat Lam take charge of the team as head coach.
In 1982 they had their own stadium, Stadio Plebiscito, with full facilities built.
It participates in the Croatian Rugby Championship, the Croatian Rugby Cup and the Regional Rugby Championship.
The ARC is an annual tournament that has been played every year since 2009, and replaces the North America 4 competition.
The club fields a First, Youth and Junior teams.
They currently play in the Ukraine Rugby Superliga, the top level of rugby union in Ukraine.
Latvia is an improving rugby team as now more players are playing in Russia, Germany, and Canada.
The GRFU went through the process of FIRA/AER membership.
The Indonesian squad was formed in 2006 to attend the IRB sanctioned Six Division Asian Rugby Football Tournament between Brunei, Laos, Cambodia and Indonesia.
The club was established in 1874 and is affiliated with the Auckland Rugby Football Union.
Their primary home ground is Waikato Stadium.
The club now has superb strength in depth with last year's Fresher's team winning the South-West Fresher's league.
The club fields a First, Youth, and several juniors teams.
The SFGG Youth Program includes high school age Varsity, Junior Varsity, and Frosh-Soph teams through to non contact U8's.
The club gained promotion to Midlands 4 West South division in the penultimate game of the season 2010–2011 against local rivals Coventrians.
In the 2014/15 season the Sharks competed in eight matches, losing six and winning two.
The club was founded in 2005, and has made its mark on rugby in Georgia.
Their first international player was Edward Pegge, who in 1891 represented Wales against England, though at the time was playing for Neath RFC.
The only two teams to have beaten overseas countries as well as combination teams are yet again the Blue Bulls and Western Province.
They already represented Argentina at the South American Rugby Championship, in 2001, 2002, 2005, 2009 and 2011.
Kelso Rugby Football Club are a rugby union team founded in 1876.
AA UTAD Rugby is a rugby team based in Vila Real, Portugal.
In 1994 the team was relegated to the Eric Shirley Shield, however by 1996 they had regained their position in Kenya's top rugby league.
They play in the Four Nations Tournament and in the European Amateur Festival.
The term Schwalbe is the German word for swallow.
The club colours are a combination of red, white and black.
As have many other clubs Pontardawe RFC have recently sold vintage rugby memorabilia to raise funds to improve facilities at the club.
The team consists of non-professional players and is sanctioned by USA Rugby to compete in men's Division III.
NUIG retained the title beating UCC 29-5 in the final.
In the summer, cricket was played, while in the winter, rugby was the designated activity.
The squad plays in red and gold jerseys with red shorts, and their emblem is the double headed eagle while their logo is the wolf.
Englishman Steve McCormack is the team's coach, having coached since 2004, with Danny Brough captaining the side.
New Caledonia were scheduled to take part in the 2006 Pacific Cup.
The club is a feeder club to the Ospreys.
In 2014 Nenagh beat Young Munster by 74 points to 7 to win a third competition in the senior ranks.
The team has resulted fourth at the 2011 and 2015 Pan American Games.
RC Spartan Oradea is a Romanian rugby club in Oradea.
They also competed in the European Challenge Cup for the first time after elimination from the Heineken Cup.
Maesteg Rugby Football Club is a rugby union team from the town of Maesteg, South Wales.
In the fifth season of the Top League Kyuden managed to avoid the play-offs and stay in the league.
They have yet to play in the Rugby World Cup.
However the following season they were promoted to the top league, defeating Bayonne in the Pro D2 final.
They currently play in Caledonia Regional League Division 3 midlands.
It is currently trying to be official again.
Libya played a second match during the tournament, losing to Mauritania by 10 points to 5.
They are currently ranked 21st on the RLIF World Rankings.
Llanidloes RFC is a member of the welsh Rugby Union and is a feeder club for the Scarlets.
The Rowdies plays in the East region.
Bay of Plenty also acts as a primary feeder to the Chiefs, who play in the Super Rugby competition.
Its senior representative team competes in the Mitre 10 Cup, and won the inaugural Air New Zealand Cup in 2006.
The New Haven Old Black Rugby Football Club is a rugby club in New Haven, Connecticut.
The Macau national rugby union team represents Macau in international rugby union.
The club colours are black and yellow.
The U18 side reached the final of the Leinster League in May 2016, losing 30-27 via a last minute penalty to Portarlington in Donnybrook.
2015 saw the first year the club featured a women's rugby team, featuring in the finals in their first season in the competition.
The club is part of the CS Universitatea sports club.
Cinderford RFC is a rugby union club based in the town of Cinderford, Gloucestershire.
Based in Musgrave Park on the Tramore Road, the club has a long and successful history as one of the main clubs in Cork City.
The Eagles team plays home matches in regional centres of New South Wales, including Orange, and Tamworth.
They were founded in 2006 as a result of a merger between two Bordeaux clubs, Stade Bordelais and Club Athlétique Bordeaux-Bègles Gironde.
The team plays Oxford University RFC in the annual Varsity Match at Twickenham Stadium every December.
RC Posnania is a Polish rugby union club based in Poznań, Poland.
The Wellington Rugby Football Union are a New Zealand governing body of rugby union in the New Zealand province of Wellington.
The club is a member of the Welsh Rugby Union and is also a feeder club for the Ospreys.
"Bucking bronco" or "bronc" is cowboy slang for a horse that throws a person around.
It was formed in 2005 with the joining of Pocomo RFC and Douglas RFC.
Georgia defeated Portugal 44-14 in the final of the European Under-19 Championship to qualify for the 2015 World Rugby Under 20 Trophy.
The Ottawa Harlequins are a Canadian rugby union team based in eastern Ontario.
Rugby Clube Montemor is a rugby team based in Montemor-o-Novo, Portugal.
On a wider note, Palmerston North is the home of the New Zealand Rugby Museum and also the Massey University Sport and Rugby Institute.
The Rhinos have two senior men’s teams, the first XV play in the Herts/Middlesex 2 of the London & SE Division league.
They have ex-players at all levels of the game.
They have only played for 2 seasons.
This tournament will take place during the later half of March 2017.
The club fields a First, Second and Youth team.
The University of Queensland Rugby Club is an Australian rugby union club, based at the University of Queensland in Brisbane, Queensland.
The Utah Warriors were an American rugby union team based in Salt Lake City, Utah.
Tonga A competes in the Pacific Rugby Cup against teams such as Samoa A, Fiji Warriors, and Argentina's Pampas XV.
They are currently one of the 15 "core teams" of the World Series, with a guaranteed place in all ten events each season.
During the 2011 season, Market Bosworth's under 17's were National Champions as well as County Champions.
From the moment of its creation Black Thunder has been characterized as a team with mostly young players, with the aim of promoting Rugby since childhood.
Croatia have been playing internationals rugby since 1992, they have yet to qualify for the Rugby World Cup.
However, the Spears and the country's national federation, the South African Rugby Union, reached a settlement of their legal case.
Sale FC is a rugby union club based at Heywood Road in Sale, Greater Manchester, England, which plays in National League 2 North.
Mumbles RFC is a member of the Welsh Rugby Union, and is a feeder club for the Ospreys.
They wear blue and white in domestic competitions.
They have also managed to win junior championships 11 times.
Papua New Guinea played at the 2011 and 2015 Pacific Games.
Geležinis vilkas is a Lithuanian amateur rugby club that are based in the city of Vilnius.
RK Tacklers is a Danish rugby club in Odder.
The Barbarians play in black and white hoops, though players wear the socks from their own club strip.
Beaconsfield Rugby Club is home to the second largest mini's and youth rugby teams in the country.
It played its first international game in 2005.
The team have in the past won both the Spanish League and the Copa del Rey de Rugby.
Bath Rugby is an English professional rugby union club in Bath, Somerset.
Anderlecht rugby section is a Belgian rugby union club from the Brussels municipality of Anderlecht.
Clube Rugby Famalicão is a rugby team based in Vila Nova de Famalicão, Portugal.
Glasgow Warriors are one of the two professional rugby union sides from Scotland.
Their only trophy to date is the 2009 Six Nations.
The team competed at the World Rugby Under 20 Championships and World Rugby Under 20 Trophy.
Llangennech RFC is a member of the Welsh Rugby Union.
In June 2013 Birr rugby club won 5000 euro from Ulster bank rugby force.The Birr Under 13 team won the midlands league in the 2011-2012 season.
Hong Kong defeated Korea 58-7 in the 2014 Asian Under 19 Championship final to qualify for the 2015 World Rugby Under 20 Trophy in Lisbon, Portugal.
The club plays in the Dorset & Wilts 1 South league.
The Singapore women's national sevens rugby union team is Singapore's national representative in Rugby sevens.
Strathmore rugby football club is a rugby team based in Kenya which was formed in 2004.
Gödöllői Ördögök RC is a Hungarian rugby club in Gödöllő.
RC Vyškov is a Czech rugby club in Vyškov.
In 2017 they were promoted to the next higher division.
Currently, the club boasts five senior sides, two ladies' sides and a vibrant junior section.
They participated in the Oceania World Cup qualifying tournaments for the 2007 and 2011 world cups, but did not qualify.
Frederiksberg RK is a Danish rugby union club in Frederiksberg founded in 1975.
And recently U20 Irish caps for Jack Stafford and Greg McGrath
In September 1990 the club managed to obtain sufficient funds to purchase a property on Trefecca road in Talgarth which is now the official clubhouse.
Today, New Tredegar RFC plays in the Welsh Rugby Union, Division Four East League and is a feeder club for the Newport Gwent Dragons.
Samoa competed against Nauru in 2001 during Nauru's tour of Australia.
They participate in the Professional Rugby League, the top division of Russian rugby.
Feb 2nd vs. Fort Lauderdale Won 22-10
Today, Builth Wells RFC play in the Welsh Rugby Union, Division One West League.
Croesyceiliog Rugby Football Club is a Welsh rugby union team based in Croesyceiliog.
It is the rugby union team of the Sri Lanka Air Force Sports Club.
Today, Ynysybwl RFC plays in the Welsh Rugby Union, Division One East Central League and is a feeder club for the Cardiff Blues.
Three youth teams also play at under-17, under-15 and under-13 levels.
As of 2013 they are the only rugby team in Republika Srpska.
The club is a member of the Irish Rugby Football Union Ulster Branch.
Rugby union in Zambia is administered by the Zambian Rugby Union.
The first new union to be formed was that of the UAE, which became a full IRB member in November 2012.
The club runs four senior sides, including a colts team, and ten junior sides.
The Ravens were admitted as members of the International Gay Rugby Association and Board in 2006.
They also disappointed with an 8-8 tie in Guam, but still finished second in their group of four teams thanks to beating Malaysia 48-12.
On tours to Great Britain, Australia was known as the Kangaroos.
Although mainly produced for the Japanese domestic market, VFR400s have been popular as grey imports in other markets in the "mini" superbike segment.
The club currently fields six teams in the NSW Suburban Rugby Union competition, known as "Subbies".
The British Columbia Bears are the senior men's representative rugby team for British Columbia.
Caernarfon Rugby Football Club is a rugby union team from the town of Caernarfon, Gwynedd, North Wales.
Biarritz Olympique was formed in 1913 through a merger of the Biarritz Stade and Biarritz Sporting Club rugby teams.
RK Gladijatori Derventa is a Bosnian rugby club based in Derventa.
The team also competes at the Oceania U20 Championship as of 2015.
The Northern Sharks is a former Fijian rugby union team that had a franchise area coverering Nadroga-Navosa, Namosi, Serua and Malolo.
The club's colors are red and blue.
It is one of a small number of rugby union clubs entitled to call itself a 'football club', rather than a 'rugby football club'.
Fishguard and Goodwick RFC is a member of the Welsh Rugby Union and is a feeder club for the Scarlets.
In April 2008 Todd Louden was announced as head coach, to be assisted by Pote Human.
In 2007-08, the club played in France's second professional level, Rugby Pro D2, but finished bottom of the table.
Most recently, The Blues won the Canadian Rugby Championship in 2016.
The team is selected by the Camanachd Association.
In the 1963/64 season the club had built a clubhouse and in 1977 the team joined the Pembrokeshire League.
Epping Rugby and Netball Club is a sports club, based in Epping, New South Wales.
Nowadays, the club is competing in Montenegrin national league which consists of 5 clubs.
The KBRK is a member of the Rugby Union of Serbia.
That decade Biarritz met Perpignan twice again in the final, winning one and losing one.
The club has strong ties with Dave Gallaher, the New Zealand rugby union footballer, best known as the captain of "The Originals".
RC Innsbruck is an Austrian rugby club in Innsbruck, founded in 1997.
The nation is classified as tier three by the International Rugby Board.
The team has previously been known by a number of names, such as England B, Emerging England and, most recently, England A.
The team, which plays in red jerseys and blue shorts, is organized by the Chilean Rugby Federation.
They play in Championship 1 South after being relegated from the Women's Premiership in 2013.
This season saw Glasgow Rugby compete in the competitions: the Scottish Inter-District Championship and the European Challenge Cup.
Streatham Rugby was featured in a book titled "London's Oldest Rugby Clubs" by Dick Tyson, published in May 2008.
In all, 93 Randwick players have pulled on a Wallaby jersey, and nine have had the honour of captaining their country.
They play their matches at Ballymacaren Park.
They play in their age groups, mainly working on their core rugby skills and playing Tag Rugby in semi-competitive friendly matches against other clubs.
The Pumas are a well supported team throughout Mpumalanga Province, with large fan bases located in Witbank, Middelburg, Ermelo and Nelspruit.
In 2004, New Caledonia hosted a tour by the Australian Universities Rugby League team.
The Stingrays played in the Queensland Premier Rugby competition from 2005 to 2013, but now focus on competing in the Queensland Country Championships.
Banwen Rugby Football Club is a rugby union team from the village of Banwen, South Wales.
They were bronze medalists at the 2010 Asian Games.
Also known as Lakeside RFC, for the 2015-16 season the club competes in the Nationwide League.
Malahide RFC is an Irish rugby club based in Malahide, Fingal County, playing in Division 2C of the All-Ireland LeagueAll-Ireland League.
Connacht competes in the Pro12 and the European Rugby Challenge Cup.
Unidare currently play at Balcurris park, Ballymun in Dublin city, Ireland.
The most recent and successful players to do this are Scott Murray and Allan Jacobsen, both played for Edinburgh and Scotland.
Ngati Porou East Coast were recently holders of the Meads Cup, defeating Wanganui 29-27 at Whakarua Park on 27 October 2012.
The big jump came in 2001–02 to Division 2 and then to Division 1 in 2002–03.
ASUB Rugby Waterloo is a Belgian rugby union club currently competing in the Belgian Elite League.
Papua New Guinea have not so far qualified for a Rugby World Cup.
Rugby Club Los Matreros, simply known as Los Matreros, is an Argentine rugby union and field hockey club sited in Morón, Greater Buenos Aires.
At the final whistle the score was 25-19 to Qatar.
May 2 vs. Pilgrim Panthers, England won 11-6
The Waikato Rugby Union is the official governing body of rugby union in the Waikato area in the North Island of New Zealand.
The Bond Pirates Rugby Club is an Australian rugby union football club that competes in the Gold Coast and District Rugby Union competition.
The Capilano Rugby Football Club is a Canadian rugby union team based in West Vancouver, British Columbia.
The team has recently been nicknamed Toa Samoa and is currently run by Rugby League Samoa.
Italy also plays qualifying matches for two quadrennial tournaments -- the Rugby World Cup Sevens and the Summer Olympics.
Rauma Ice Pack is a Finnish rugby club in Rauma.
They were promoted to Japan's top-flight league Top League for the first time in the 2010-11 season.
The club consists of a varied background of individuals, from school children and university students, through to business owners and volunteers.
Predrаg Vrаnes is a Serbian rugby union player.
Melrose Rugby Football Club, located and founded in the town of Melrose in the Scottish Borders in 1877.
The club played on fields in Lee, Shooter's Hill and Sidcup before the move to Orpington.
Beddau Rugby Football Club is a rugby union team from the village of Beddau, South Wales.
The team was added to Fiji's premier Colonial Cup competition in 2005; previously the Northern Division had belonged to the Suva franchise.
Tucumán Rugby Club, is an Argentine sports club based in the city of San Miguel de Tucumán.
is a rugby union club representing the market town of North Walsham in Norfolk.
The Junior Kangaroos side represents Australia in the sport of rugby league.
Their home ground is Griqua Park in Kimberley and they draw their players mostly from Northern Cape Province.
Owing to the connections with the High School it was never deemed appropriate for the club to run junior sides.
The Great Britain women's national rugby union team were a national sporting side of Great Britain, representing them at rugby union from 1986 to 1990.
Pocklington Rugby Football Club is an English rugby union team based in Pocklington, East Riding of Yorkshire.
Birstall Rugby Football Club is a men's senior rugby union club based in Birstall, Leicestershire.
The National Team itself has hosted a tournament and had some credible results on the field.
The team is recognised as Ivory Coast by the International Rugby Board.
Ripon Rugby Union Football Club is a rugby union club based in Ripon, Borough of Harrogate, North Yorkshire.
Waikiwi Rugby Club is an amateur New Zealand rugby club who currently play in Southland Wide Division I.
They finished at 10th place at the IRB Women's Sevens Challenge Cup held in London, losing to China in the Bowl final.
Zebre, are an Italian professional rugby union team competing in the Guinness Pro12 and the Heineken Cup from the 2012–13 season.
It is planned that the Great Britain team will come together in future only for occasional tours, same as the Great Britain Lions.
They have been accepted into the newly unified eight team Professional Rugby League for the 2010 season.
Star Rugby Club is an amateur rugby club based in Southland, New Zealand.
They are classed as a tier-three nation by the International Rugby Board.
The club happened to be in the Edinburgh District set up but is not in Edinburgh.
Peebles currently compete in National League Division One, the second tier of Scottish club rugby.
The club colours are blue, white and black.
The Serbia national rugby league team represents Serbia in the sport of rugby league football and has been participating in international competition since 2003.
As of 2015, the team also competes in the Pacific Games Sevens.
Serbia currently competes in European B division.
The Harvard Rugby Football Club is a collegiate rugby team at Harvard College.
Paignton rugby club is affiliated to the Devon RFU.
They began playing international rugby in the early 1990s.
Chile has long been participating in the South American Rugby Championship since 1951, and has consistently been the third or second best team in South America.
Newcastle Falcons have been the most successful club in Northern England with 1 Premiership and 4 domestic cups to their name.
The Treviso rugby team has been owned by the Benetton clothing company since 1979.
Former Irish Coach, Declan Kidney played for the club in the 1980s and early 90's.
The Club is located on The University of Queensland St Lucia campus where it has its own Clubhouse and the use of three illuminated fields.
The Club has a long history and Rugby is the club's main sporting activity.
Unidare Rugby Football Club, commonly known as Unidare RFC, is a Rugby union club founded in 1958.
The club has featured on many television documentaries as a result of its cultural diversity and in particular its strong Mexican contingent.
The Boland Cavaliers, are a South African rugby union team that participates in the annual Currie Cup tournament.
The 2003-04 season is the eighth in the history of the Glasgow Warriors as a professional side.
The home stadium in the district of Kingsholm, just outside Gloucester City Centre.
Newport Rugby Football Club is a Welsh rugby union club based in the city of Newport, South Wales.
UNC Rugby was established in 1969, and hosted the national championship in 1982.
Rugby Club Luxembourg, abbreviated to RCL, is a rugby union club, based in Cessange, Luxembourg City, in southern Luxembourg.
The Murri Rugby League Team is a representative side for Indigenous rugby league players that play in the annual Queensland Murri Rugby League Carnival.
The mechanical bull featured in this movie was the El Toro brand of mechanical bull.
Historically the Glasgow District team played matches against touring teams visiting Scotland from abroad, and also competed in the Scottish Inter-District Championship.
As of the 2012/13 season, they play in the Second Division of the Campeonato Nacional de Rugby.
It was formed in 1989 by a merger of the original Birmingham and Solihull rugby clubs, which were both established over 60 years ago.
The first ever official match of Mongolia was played on 9 June 2009 in Tashkent, Uzbekistan, against Kyrgyzstan, finishing with a respectable 21-38 loss.
Its colours are dark blue and yellow in a hooped design.
In 2005 Bargoed RFC received the ultimate recognition of being awarded Rugby World Magazine UK team of the year after winning 55 games in a row.
India is currently Division 3 champion of Asian 5 Nations.
In 1938 the rugby team decided to part from their old organisation and Old Penarthians RFC were formed.
The Kenya national rugby league team represent Kenya in the sport of rugby league football.
The Tridents compete within the Florida Rugby Union and currently field a competitive top division team as well as competitive second and developmental teams.
Sutton Coldfield Rugby Club is an English rugby union team based in Sutton Coldfield, West Midlands.
The Chile national rugby sevens team is a minor national sevens side.
Sefton, is the oldest established Rugby Union Club in Liverpool.
Yorkshire Carnegie are an English rugby union club in Leeds, West Yorkshire, England, who play in the RFU Championship.
Kenya recorded its first tournament win in the World Rugby Sevens Series after beating Fiji at the 2016 Singapore Sevens.
Selkirk's youth system is set up through Schools rugby at Selkirk High School up until the 3rd year.
It is the rugby union team of the Sri Lanka Police Sports Club.
Established in 1956, they currently play in the Durham/Northumberland Three division.
The club operates five senior teams, a ladies team and six junior sides.
It is sometimes known as the Scotland Schools national team.
Cill Dara RFC is an Irish rugby club based in Kildare, Leinster, playing in Division 2A of the Leinster League.
Lebanon defeated Uzbekistan 20 - 19 to win the tournament.
Sep 25th, a side lost vs. Tridents 14-/8 and B side lost vs. Palm Beach 14-11
Llanharan Rugby Football Club is a rugby union club based in Llanharan, South Wales.
The club motto is "Have Guts Have Glory" and their slogan for 2006 season: "Always Attack & Aggressive".
The club is located in Brussels alongside the Boulevard Léopold III between NATO and the EU Schuman area.
Treviso has competed in the Pro12 since 2010, and had previously competed in the Italian domestic championship.
Michael Bradley took over Edinburgh in the summer of 2011.
As the name implies, it forms part of the G.S.
Newton Rugby club formed in 1925 and played their first game against Oswestry on March 28 of that year.
The Scotland national women's rugby union team are the national women's rugby union team of Scotland.
The team currently plays in Temple Hill, Ballintemple.
Finchley Rugby Football Club is a rugby union club based in Central London, England.
RC Girnik is a Ukrainian rugby club in Kryvyi Rih.
They competed in the IRB Nations Cup from 2006 until 2013, except in 2011 when they played the Churchill Cup.
The club has also the particularity of being the first aborigin rugby union club in Latin America.
The Wales A team were the second national rugby union team behind the Welsh national side.
Blackpool & the Fylde Panthers RLFC was an English professional rugby league club based in Lytham St Annes, Lancashire.
The Canada under 20 rugby team are the newest representative rugby union team from Canada.
It is also home to the Scarlets’ Under-16 Academy which plays all its home matches at the club.
As of the 2012/13 season, they play in the Second Division of the Campeonato Nacional de Rugby.
The SC Neuenheim is a German rugby union club from Heidelberg, currently playing in the Rugby-Bundesliga.
The union's home ground Rugby Park Stadium, formerly known as Homestead Stadium, is the home of Rugby Southland and the Southland Stags.
HOBM has won Wellington's premier rugby trophy, the Jubilee Cup, several times.
The club competes in, and is governed by, the Eastern Pennsylvania Rugby Union, the Mid Atlantic Rugby Football Union, and USA Rugby.
The club competes in the top-flight División de Honor since 2011–12 season.
The club played in the first division of French Rugby, between 1986 and 1997.
They are also the women's team of Saracens Amateurs, who themselves are affiliated to English Premiership team, Saracens.
Chorley Rugby Union Club is an English rugby union club based in Chorley, Lancashire.
The club is part of the academic sports club Mladost.
The Sharks competed in the Cup from 2005 to 2008 before the competition ceased in 2008.
It competes in the BUCS Rugby Union Premier South A division as of the 2011/2012 season.
RC Dinamo-Center is a Moldovan rugby club in Tiraspol.
The FC St. Pauli Rugby is a German rugby union club from Hamburg, currently playing in the Rugby-Bundesliga.
It has won the Brazilian Rugby Championship in three occasions: 1996, 2000 and 2005.
Atkinson, Bauer, Buob, Casparis, Da Silva, Diener, Hart, Haymoz, Herrmann, Hodel, Huerlimann, Kehl, Kehrli, Mancini, Martinot, Mc Namara, Munstermann, Oriwall, Reischauer, Sax, Ullmann, Walti.
Their junior team, the Jets, has developed players including Steve Hanley, Mark Cueto, Dean Schofield, Chris Jones, Andy Titterrell and Charlie Hodgson.
Bayside Rugby Football Club is a Canadian rugby union club that is based in White Rock, British Columbia.
On 7 October 2015, the Classic All Blacks played Toulon at the Stade Mayol in a match to honour the late Jerry Collins.
Ammanford Rugby Football Club is a rugby union team from the town of Ammanford, West Wales.
PRFC competes in the Southern California Rugby Football Union's Division I.
At the end of the now defunct Nairobi District Championship, they had the most wins with 19.
They play in the North East McGee Cup & The Anderson Cup.
Their clubrooms and homeground are at Donovan Park which is off Bainfield Road in the Invercargill suburb of Waikiwi.
They currently compete in the Fédérale 1 competition, the third division of rugby in France.
The club colours are amber, dark blue and light blue.
The Libya national rugby union team represents Libya in international rugby union.
The quarter-final tie against Toulouse attracted a club record crowd of over 38,000 spectators to Murrayfield Stadium.
Hernani Club Rugby Elkartea is a Spanish rugby union club.
They were later promoted to the 2012 Junior World Championship after finishing as winners of the 2011 IRB Junior World Rugby Trophy.
Poland have yet to play in a Rugby World Cup.
Loch Lomond Rugby Club is a small Scottish rugby union club that plays in the West Regional League West Three.
Known as the Roosters or Easts, the club colours are maroon and white.
The South Africa Amateurs are the amateur national rugby union team of South Africa.
The France Amateurs are the amateur national rugby union team of France.
Luxembourg has no domestic league of its own, so De Renert plays in the Belgian National Fourth Division.
It is part of a larger club, the FT Adler Kiel, which also offers other sports like volleyball, table tennis and handball.
Monaco national rugby union team has been playing since the 1990s.
Usk RFC is a member of the Welsh Rugby Union and is a feeder club for the Newport Gwent Dragons.
Morley Rugby Union Football Club is a rugby union club based in Morley, West Yorkshire.
CA Brive, is a French rugby union team founded in 1910 and based in Brive-la-Gaillarde in the département of Corrèze of the New Aquitaine région.
In its 50 years of existence, the PRFC has promoted the sport of rugby through competition as well as fundraising and charitable contributions.
The star of the 2005–06 squad was Neath and Ospreys player James Hook.
RC Yangiyer is a Uzbekistani rugby club in Yangiyer.
The club has amongst their silverware 6 national championships.
Their shirts are dark blue, with a single 2 white hoops and red stripe across the shoulders.
The improvement in results can be attributed to two main influences:
Burundi were unable to send their team.
In 1996, the local players took over the affairs of the IRFC and worked hard to bring the club to a better and more organized level.
Current Leinster and Ireland centre Gordon D'Arcy played youth rugby at the club.
The Heidelberger Ruderklub is a German rowing club and rugby union club from Heidelberg, currently playing in the Rugby-Bundesliga.
It was also Pat Lam's second season in charge of the side.
In 1996, King Country were in the first division of the NPC and in just 6 years were in the third division.
Porthcawl presently field a First XV team, Second XV, Youth XV, Juniors - Under 14, Under 13, Under 12 and Minis Section.
The team also achieved a good cup run, narrowly missing out on an appearance at The Millennium Stadium, Cardiff.
The Serbia women's national rugby union team represents Serbia at rugby union.
They are based in La Rochelle in the Charente-Maritime département of the New Aquitaine region.
The club was established in 1908 and is affiliated with the Auckland Rugby Football Union and New Zealand Marist Rugby Federation.
The club plays at their own Ferryfields ground on the banks of the River Trent, close to the Wilford Toll Bridge.
The club achieved WRU status that year and in the 1995/96 season the club was placed in the lower rungs of the official Welsh leagues.
Their strip is royal blue and white.
Dec 1st vs. Cayman Island RFC won 50-4
The 'Taipei Baboons' is a Rugby Union team based in Taipei, Taiwan.
Old Illtydians Rugby Football Club is a rugby union team from the city of Cardiff, Wales.
Even then though, there are some long periods where England barely played any matches.
The first notable player from North Wales was D.M.Johnston of HMS Conway school on Anglesey who toured South Africa in 1956 with Welsh Schoolboys.
They then played against Latvia in the 2009 European Bowl winning the contest 40-6.
The club has ties with former association football club Alumni because both were established by Buenos Aires English High School students.
Club Pucará is an Argentine rugby union and field hockey club based in the Burzaco district of Greater Buenos Aires.
The Lebanese National Rugby Union team have yet to make their debut at the Rugby World Cup.
The club debuted in Fédérale 2 in 2007–08, and earned promotion to Fédérale 1 at their first attempt.
The FIRA-AER qualifiers have seen placings of 5th, 4th and 3rd.
The Caledonia region still plays at age-grade.
Other disciplines hosted by Hurling are field hockey, gaelic football, rugby union and tennis.
The Cyprus National Rugby Union Team known as "The Moufflons" is the representative side of Cyprus in rugby union.
It has sought to develop and a comprehensive under 20’s academy striving to provide and environment in which aspiring rugby players can thrive.
South Africa had its international debut at the 2002 Australian Football International Cup but the inexperienced team went through the tournament winless.
It is a founding member of the Rugby Football Union, and is one of the oldest football clubs.
Starting in 2008, the International Rugby Board scrapped its under-21 and under-19 world championships in favour of a single under-20 competition, the IRB Junior World Championship.
Canucks are one of the longest running teams in the Calgary Rugby Union.
Pill Harriers RFC are a Welsh rugby union club based in Newport in South Wales.
It currently plays in Serie B, the third division of the Italian league.
Novos were formed in September 1899 as Old Novocastrians Rugby Football Club by a group of former pupils of the Royal Grammar School, Newcastle upon Tyne.
The club currently competes in the Division de Honor, the top-flight competition of Spanish club rugby.
They currently compete in the SSE Midlands Division and run four senior teams, a Veterans and a Ladies team.
CA Lannemezan is a French rugby union club based in Lannemezan in the Hautes-Pyrénées department.
They are an unaffiliated nation and were recognised by the RLIF as having official observer status in early 2009.
In 2013 Brynmawr were able to field an Under 13s team.
At the close of 2016-2017, bankruptcy was declared.
In their first season in the Top Grade, they finished last out of the 13 Clubs.
They play their home games at "Stade Espinassou" which has a seating capacity of 1,500.
The teams from Charing Cross Hospital and Westminster Hospital were the first to merge in 1984 following the union of their respective Medical Departments.
The club has competed in Northern California Rugby Football Union continuously for the past 47 seasons, since its founding.
A two-storey clubhouse and three rugby pitches were laid out.
Perthshire Rugby Football Club, formerly known as Perthshire Academicals, is a rugby union club located in the city of Perth, Scotland.
Mar 28th vs. Courtland St. at home won 26-0 and won 10-0 - Finished 1st and 2nds
The team is governed by the Israel Rugby Union, which oversees all rugby union in Israel.
From 1986 to 1997 this team was known as the Western Samoa rugby league team.
On April 2, 2011 Aughrim Rugby held its launch day with over 96 children registering to play for Aughrim Rugby.
The Lions are the leading amateur club in Leicester and are third to Guinness Premiership side Leicester Tigers and Loughborough Students RUFC within Leicestershire.
The club fields teams at both senior and junior level.
The team's colour's are majority black with white and the players perform a haka before every match they play as a challenge to their opponents.
The official colours of the club are yellow and black.
Founded in 1943 by students, Universitario is registered with the Unión de Rugby de Tucumán.
The club runs four senior sides and a full set of junior teams.
The Union is based in Pukekohe, and plays at ECOLight Stadium in Pukekohe.
In 2013 the Under 17s triumphed in The Munster league, and then the same team almost repeated the feat a year later.
They have appeared in every competition since.
Neath Rugby Football Club is a Welsh rugby union club which plays in the Welsh Premier Division.
Charleston hosts an annual Rugby_7s tournament on Memorial Day Weekend.
Nigeria tried to qualify for the first time for the 2007 Rugby World Cup, but lost to Senegal and Cameroon, and were eliminated.
Their motto, "Profi Yn Iawn" means 'prove your worth'.
At the beginning of the 2006-07 season, a new changing room block was opened.
The club also features women, youth and veteran teams and a B team that plays in Campeonato Nacional de Rugby II Divisão, Portuguese third division.
It is one of the oldest rugby clubs in Portugal.
The Gibraltar national rugby union team represent Gibraltar in men's rugby union.
They are the currently champions in the Hungarian Extra Liga.
Former Aironi Coach Rowland Phillips is now Viadana Head Coach.
They currently play in the Slovak league, and participate in friendly matches with Austrian, Czech, and Hungarian teams.
The 2011-12 season saw Glasgow Warriors compete in the competitions: the RaboDirect Pro12 and the European Champions Cup, the Heineken Cup.
General David Hurley, Governor of New South Wales, is the club's Supporter.
They won the 2009–10 Scottish National League Division Two losing only one game and thus being promoted to the Scottish National League Division One.
During this season the young professional side competed as Glasgow Rugby.
The club splits its home games between Rugby Park and the WMO].
They wear black and white and play in the Stade Amédée-Domenech.
After twenty years in the third tier, Wharfedale was relegated from National League 1 in 2016.
The club colours are black and red.
Tonga to date have competed at two Rugby League World Cups in 1995 and 2000 and were the first team to qualify for the 2008 tournament.
In 2014 thanks to the tireless work of Chairman John Manders the club secured a new long term lease on a ground in Moorland Park, Splott.
It participates in the Croatian Rugby Championship, the Croatian Rugby Cup and the Interleague.
The club runs two senior sides and a full set of junior teams.
Novocastrians Rugby Football Club is a rugby union team that is situated in the North East of England and currently play their rugby in Durham/Northumberland 1.
Coney Hill Rugby Football Club is an English rugby union team based in Gloucester, Gloucestershire.
The club is an offshoot of amateur club Sale FC, still based at Heywood Road in Sale, while the Sharks share the A.J.
Bundesliga in 2016/17 Unterföhring is the only village in the history of German rugby to have ever played in on Bundesliga level.
The earliest photograph on the clubhouse wall is dated 1898.
Founded in 1973, they are members of the Israel Rugby Union, and play home matches at the Sportech.
It was also a founding member of the Rugby-Bundesliga in 1971.
The Greece National Rugby Union team represents one of the world's newest rugby union playing nations.
Jason Aldwinckle, the former Leicester Tigers' hooker is Head Coach of the club, whilst the Club Captain is England Counties outside back Gareth Collins.
Rugby Clube de Elvas is a rugby team based in Elvas, Portugal.
Renegades RFC is a Bermudan rugby club in Hamilton.
The club has three German rugby union championships to its name, won in 1950, 1960 and 1974.
The Club Universitario de Rosario is a multi-sports club in Rosario, Argentina.
In the 2007 season they won the second division of the Lietuvos Regbio Čempionatas and were promoted for the 2008 season.
The club's home colours are red & white narrow hooped shirts, white shorts and red & white hooped socks.
The Lindfield Rugby Club is an Australian rugby union football club in Sydney, New South Wales.
Ponsonby have dominated the Auckland competition in recent years, having been champions on eight consecutive occasions between 2004 and 2011.
The club has disbanded twice in their history, during both World Wars.
The Tunisian women's national rugby union sevens team is Tunisia's representative in women's rugby sevens.
Gowerton RFC presently run a Senior XV, Seconds, youth and Junior teams.
Clane RFC is an Irish rugby team based in Clane, County Kildare, playing in Division 3 of the Leinster League.
On 14 April 2015 Lebanon hosted the 2015 Asian Rugby Championship division 3 West tournament in Jounieh, Lebanon.
In December 1947 a combined Pontypool, Talywain and Blaenavon side played against the Australian national team at Pontypool Park as part of a post-war rebuilding tour.
Trinidad & Tobago, Bermuda, Guyana, and Barbados.
Tondu Rugby Football Club is a rugby union team from the village of Aberkenfig, South Wales.
This "bucking barrel" is still also used as a less-expensive option for practice and entertainment.
Argentina participated in the 2015 Hong Kong Women's Sevens, becoming the 38th nation to compete in Hong Kong since 1997.
The province plays primarily in blue and the team crest features a harp within a rugby ball, the harp being taken from the flag of Leinster.
The pitches are also used for 5 a-side soccer, tag rugby and other sports and activities.
The union is coached by Paul Feeney the union also administers all club rugby within the region, including the Gallaher Shield and other senior club rugby.
They have yet to qualify for a Rugby World Cup finals.
They currently play in the KB Extraliga.
Ordizia Rugby Elkartea is a Spanish rugby union club.
Swords RFC are an Irish rugby team based in Swords, County Dublin, Fingal County, playing in Division 3 of the Leinster League.
The Australian Schoolboys rugby league team is the national rugby league football team for secondary school students in Australia.
The hotel provided changing facilities which were an old shed out the back which included a tin tank bath.
Newport RUFC are an English rugby team that play at the Old Showground, just outside the town of Newport, Shropshire.
In 2011, they reached the semi-finals of the Anglo-Welsh Cup, losing to Gloucester.
In the past this rule was not strictly applied; non–Māori players who looked Māori were often selected in the team.
Hackney Rugby Football Club is a rugby club based in Hackney, London, England.
The 2009-10 season saw Glasgow Warriors compete in the competitions: the Magners Celtic League and the European Champions Cup, the Heineken Cup.
Between 2006 and 2010, Samoa was represented by two teams at the Pacific Rugby Cup; Upolu Samoa and Savaii Samoa.
Bristol Bisons RFC is an inclusive gay friendly English rugby union club based in Bristol.
They currently play in Division 2A of the Ulster Bank All-Ireland League.
Eastwood Rugby is a rugby union club playing in the Sydney Premier Rugby competition.
Dunfermline Rugby Football Club is a rugby union team from Dunfermline, Fife, Scotland.
Despite the name, "Currie" RFC is actually based in the neighbouring suburb of Balerno, and they play in Malleny Park.
The Australian under-20 rugby union team is Australia's junior team that plays rugby union football at international level.
Indeed, Selkirk sent a team to the inaugural Melrose Sevens tournament back in 1883, and have been trying to win the Tournament ever since.
Chinnor Rugby Football Club is an English rugby union club based in Thame, Oxfordshire.
The previous captain was Takuro Miuchi, who was also the captain of the Japan national rugby union team.
Glenrothes RFC or "The Glens" are a rugby union club based in Glenrothes, Fife, Scotland.
The Nova Scotia Keltics are a rugby team in Halifax, Nova Scotia that compete in the Rugby Canada Super League.
The DRC Hannover is a German rugby union club from Hannover, currently playing in the Rugby-Regionalliga.
The club disbanded during the Second World War but reformed soon after and in 1962 gained membership to the Welsh Rugby Union.
Bridgend Sports Rugby Football Club is a Welsh rugby union team based in Bridgend, South Wales.
The club is a member of the Welsh Rugby Union and is a feeder club for the Newport Gwent Dragons.
Kandy SC had won the league title for a record nine consecutive years between 2000 and 2009.
Birr RFC is an Irish rugby team based in Birr, County Offaly, playing in Division 2B of the Leinster League.
They went through the tournament without conceding a point.
The club is situated in Lane Cove in Sydney, New South Wales, Australia.
The San Isidro Club is an Argentine rugby union and field hockey club based in the Boulogne Sur Mer district of Greater Buenos Aires.
The club runs five senior sides, a ladies team, under-19 and under-17 academy sides and the full range of junior teams.
With the recent reorganisation of the Asian rugby union competition structure they are set to play more often in the future.
The South Shore Anchors Rugby Football Club is a rugby union team based in Weymouth, Massachusetts, United States.
Ricoh Black Rams is a Japanese rugby union team in the Top League.
Cirencester Rugby Football Club is an English rugby union based in Cirencester, Gloucestershire.
The club is the official rugby team of the University of Trás-os-Montes and Alto Douro.
The club's playing colours are black, red and yellow hoops, with navy shorts.
Members of the Scottish Rugby Union, they play in the Scottish National League Division One, the second tier of club rugby.
Barnstaple Rugby Football Club was established in 1877 and is a rugby union club based in Barnstaple, Devon.
The club played in the 2nd Rugby-Bundesliga under the name DSV 78/08 Ricklingen, having formed an on-the-field union with SV 08 Ricklingen, another club from Hannover.
It was based in Giffnock, East Renfrewshire.
The team plays at GIO Stadium in Canberra and is currently coached by former Wallabies fly-half Stephen Larkham.
Newbridge RFC is an Irish rugby club based in County Kildare, playing in Division 2A of the Leinster League.
The Impalas advanced to the Final 16 of the National Championships in 2004.
Playing out of Abernant Park in red and black jerseys, the Club has two senior teams, a youth team and six junior sides.
In their first full season during 1924/25 the club won ten matches, drew two and lost nine.
The Maesteg Harlequins were founded in 1898, their first captain being Tom Hopkins.
The club consists of two men's teams and one women's team.
Montenegro are currently in Conference 1 in Europe for rugby 7's having made their debut in 2014.
Marista Rugby Club is a rugby union and field hockey club based in Mendoza, Argentina.
The Italian Rugby Federation, because of club's successful past, allowed them to restart from 3rd division.
The Tunisia national rugby sevens team competes in the World Sevens Series and Rugby World Cup Sevens.
The team is the rugby section of Beira-Mar Gaiense.
Rugbyclub Maasland is a Belgian rugby club in Maaseik.
The club was founded in the 1950s and originally played at the Polish War Memorial in Ruislip near to RAF Northolt aerodrome.
The Guatemala Quetzal Rugby Club is a rugby union team based in Guatemala City, Guatemala.
The Kazakhstan national rugby union team represents Kazakhstan at international level of rugby union.
The following season they claimed their first championship, defeating Perpignan in the final.
The field hockey section has women's and men's team competing at Metropolitano championships organised by the Buenos Aires Hockey Association.
Founded in 1898, the club took its current name in 1906.
Pakuranga United Rugby Club is a rugby union club based in Auckland, New Zealand.
The Italy women's national rugby union team are the national female rugby union side representing Italy at international level.
Havelock Sports Club is a Division 'A' rugby union team based in Sri Lanka that plays in the Dialog Rugby League.
The 2014-2015 Conroy Cup final was won by DUFC who defeated UCD 19 points to 03 points.
The Niagara Lightning are Canadian rugby union team based in southern Ontario.
Merewether Carlton Rugby Club, also known as The Greens or The Slime is a rugby union club based in the Newcastle, NSW region of Australia.
Lampeter Town Rugby Football Club is a rugby union team from the town of Lampeter, West Wales.
Previous Scottish national coach Frank Hadden once held the assistant coaching position with the Caledonia Reds.
Stade Toulousain have also won a record 19 French Championship titles.
The club has a long tradition of producing players for the International side many of whom have also represented the Lions.
In 2016 they secured promotion via winning Div 3.
The Hurricanes had a poor first season, but rebounded in 1997 with a third placing.
This article concerns the men's team; for information on the Australian women's team, see Australia women's international rules football team.
In the 2005/06 season the club's U17 squad were Buckinghamshire County Cup champions, and finalists in the South West Division Bowl.
Every Sunday the club is taken over by the mini and junior rugby.
At the 2015 Pacific Games they defeated Tonga at the fifth place match.
The union's premier team is the Tasman Makos, who compete in New Zealand's provincial rugby competition, the ITM cup.
The club plays their home games at the Harlequins Playing Field, located off Newport Road.
Tarbes Pyrénées Rugby is a French rugby union team that currently takes part in Fédérale 1, the third, semi-professional level of the country's league system.
Having won nine men's and twelve women's German championships as of 2013, the club is one of the most accomplished in Germany.
The Central Coast Waves is a rugby union team based on the Central Coast, New South Wales, Australia.
The club's home ground is the historic North Sydney Oval on the North Shore of Sydney.
The Thailand national rugby union team represents Thailand in international rugby union.
They play in London 2 North West - a league at tier 7 of the English rugby union system.
The München RFC is a German rugby union club from Munich, currently playing in the 2nd Rugby-Bundesliga.
In the fourth Top League the team came 10th, with four wins, nine losses and 21 points.
The Pakistan national rugby union sevens team is Pakistan's national rugby union sevens team.
As of the 2012/13 season, they play in the Second Division of the Campeonato Nacional de Rugby.
Fiamme Oro Padova won their first championship in 1958, which was followed by another the following season.
The Ironsides were formed in 1946 from returning World War II servicemen, after meeting in a local public house, the Talbot Hotel.
The Olympique Marcquois Rugby club is located in Marcq-en-Barœul.
The club is a member of the Welsh Rugby Union and is a feeder club for the Newport Gwent Dragons.
The woman's team play as Abbey Nuns and train Monday and Wednesday night.
The club captain for season 2017–18 is Craig McCann.
Club de Regatas Bella Vista is an Argentine sports club from the Bella Vista district of Greater Buenos Aires.
Fairfield University Men's Rugby Football Club is a men's college rugby team based at Fairfield University in Fairfield, Connecticut.
Matches played by 'Australia A' were used as a stepping-stone to Wallaby selection, with the team playing at smaller venues than the Wallabies.
For 26 years Wales competed against their two biggest rivals, England and France, in the European Nations Cup, winning the trophy four times.
The Club was founded in 1989 under the supervision of still coach Franklyn Williams of the Miami Rugby Club for students of the University of Miami.
The Martinique national rugby union team represents Martinique at the sport of rugby.
This brand of mechanical bull is still in circulation, but does not carry the same safety features that are available on more current models
The rugby team currently plays in the Torneo de la URBA Grupo I, the first division of the Unión de Rugby de Buenos Aires league system.
Clube de Rugby do Técnico or C.R.
They achieved their biggest win against Saint Vincent and the Grenadines in March 2016.
Previously known as Clarkston RFC the Club altered its name to Glasgow Southern RFC in an AGM of May 1995.
Hora Hora is affiliated to the New Zealand Rugby Football Union via the Northland Rugby Football Union and Whangarei City Sub-union.
The club is one of only two professional rugby clubs in Germany, the other being SC 1880 Frankfurt.
The Guyana national rugby sevens team is a minor international sevens side.
The team has competed in competitions such as the Hong Kong Women's Sevens.
The Uruguay national rugby sevens team is a minor national sevens side.
The club fields a First and Youth team.
In 2016 they lost all matches in the group phase.
The Army Rugby Union is the governing body for rugby union in the British Army and a constituent body of the Rugby Football Union.
Ystalyfera Rugby Football Club are a Welsh rugby union club based in Ystalyfera in south Wales.
The team are active members of the Corpus Christi community and have several community outreach programs including events and charitable donations.
After 3 years with Peter Sloane, Ryusuke Maeda become head coach in 2011.
MU Barnhall Rugby Football Club is a rugby club in Parsonstown, Leixlip, County Kildare, playing in Division 2B of the All-Ireland League.
Mogliano Rugby is a rugby union team from the city of Mogliano, Veneto, Italy.
Longton Rugby Club is an English rugby union team based in Longton, Staffordshire.
Ray Hogan played professionally with Connacht and David Delaney played professionally with Plymouth
Royal Free, University College and Middlesex Medical Students RFC is the rugby union club for UCL Medical School, which is part of the University of London.
It is a great opportunity to start off the season.
SC Sokil is a Ukrainian rugby club in Lviv.
club house Blaenavon Rugby Football Club was founded in 1877, and over the past 130 years,we have provided, many players for the W.R.U.
After a financial crisis plagued the club in 2011, Guazzini sold a majority stake and stepped down as club president.
Mexico also fields a rugby sevens team, as well as female teams in both the main union game and the 7s.
The team is the fourth Australian team to be accepted into the competition.
They currently play in Hungarian National Championship II.
In 2013 the side played Fiji as part of the Fiji Rugby Union's centennial anniversary.
1964 is a Rugby Union club at the Don in Devonport, Tasmania.
For more Swedish stats, news, team results and more visit Sweden's RLEF Page.
Lytle had achieved good success, leading the Trojans to a Division Championship in 2005 and an undefeated season in 2009.
The Jillaroos squad is selected by a panel of national selectors.
RC Armazi Tbilisi is a Georgian semi-professional rugby club from Tbilisi, who plays in the Georgia Championship, the first division of Georgian rugby.
Old Crescent grew out of the Crescent College Munster School's cup team of 1947.
Since then they played regularly in Division Three and Division Four.
Cwmbran RFC is established as a community team and has a mini, Junior and youth section.
The team featured current and future All Blacks, as well as a former All Black in coach Frank Oliver.
However their hopes took a massive blow, when they failed to capitalise on Poland's surprise home defeat to Croatia, losing 16-13 to Malta in Paola.
Strathaven RFC has a large youth section with teams starting from Primary 1–3 to under-16 level in the current season.
In 2015, the New Zealand Barbarians won over the Māori All Blacks 17-34.
Current First XV Squad Current Development XV Squad
The team won over Kenya but lost twice to Brazil, finishing 10th in the tournament.
New Caledonia has competed at the South Pacific Games, winning a silver medal in 1966.
The shield is topped by the Prince of Wales three feathers.
The team was founded in 2011 and is administered by the Vanuatu Rugby League.
The Queensland Reds is the rugby union team for the Australian state of Queensland that competes in the Southern Hemisphere's Super Rugby competition.
Feb 1st, A side vs. Boca Raton won 37-0
Wetherby RUFC play their games at Grange Park where they have been based since 1989.
They have been competing on and off at the Hong Kong Sevens, since 1989, which was their first time there.
VVA-Podmoskovye have strong links to the air force and also supply the bulk of Russia, with which they share a head coach, Nikolai Nerush.
A team representing Papua New Guinea plays an Australian Prime Minister's XIII in an annual match in Port Moresby at the Lloyd Robson Oval.
It was established in 1961, was dormant in the late 1980s and reformed in 1997.
Stockport Rugby Union Football Club is a rugby union club based in Stockport, Greater Manchester.
Coventry Rugby Football Club is a rugby union club based in Coventry, England.
Old Redcliffians Rugby Football Club is an English rugby union team based in Brislington, a suburb of Bristol.
As well as producing players the club has also helped develop coaches the most successful of which being former club chairman Dennley Issac with Wales Youth.
Their opponents, the Sharks, went into the match as underdogs.
RK Livonia is a Latvian rugby club based in the village of Upesciems in the Garkalne Municipality.
Middlesbrough Rugby Union Football Club is an English rugby union team based in Middlesbrough, Teesside.
Rhiwbina RFC is a member of the Welsh Rugby Union and is a feeder club for the Cardiff Blues.
France played a match against Tahiti at the end of their 1979 tour and won 92-12.
RK Warriors Nemila is a Bosnian rugby club based in Nemila.
Alamo City RFC plays in the Texas Rugby Union Men's Division 2 league.
Mayotte has thus far competed in the south section of the CAR Development Trophy along with African nations.
Numerous local rivalries are shared, most notably with Luton Rugby Club.
Caerleon Rugby Football Club are a Welsh rugby union club based in Caerleon on the northern outskirts of Newport in South Wales.
A regular domestic amateur competition has not been held in Japan for several years.
In 1999 the club managed to buy the Liberal Club which has now become their headquarters.
The club plays at the Recreation Ground.
The first XV currently play in the fifth tier of the English rugby union system, participating in Midlands Premier.
They subsequently made the 2009 final, but found themselves on the short end of a record 61–17 defeat by the Bulls.
The Old Christians Rugby Football Club is a rugby union football club in Ireland, originally associated with alumni of the Christian Brothers College, Cork.
Lansdowne Football Club, also sometimes referred to as Lansdowne Rugby Football Club, is a rugby union team based in Dublin, Ireland.
The COBRA RUGBY CLUB is a prominent rugby club in Malaysia under the Selangor Rugby Union and Malaysia Rugby Union.
Regardless of colour, race or creed, Portadown RFC has promoted friendship, fair play and competition among our players, local community and peers.
Clifton Rugby Football Club is an English rugby union club founded in Clifton, Bristol.
Rugby is a kind of sports that requires Patience, Collaboration, and Sacrifice since every player has to work as a team.
They won Gold at the 2010 Asian Games defeating China in the finals.
It is based is Mosman on the Lower North Shore of Sydney.
In their inaugural year they won the Kenya Cup.
The Finland national rugby union team represents Finland at the sport of rugby union.
However, in the Summer of 2009 the club folded citing financial problems and withdrew from the league structure altogether.
As of the 2012/13 season, they play in the First Division of the Campeonato Nacional de Rugby.
All home games are played at Bonymaen RFC.
It is a senior rugby club in Dublin, Ireland, playing in Division 1A of the All-Ireland League.
Club's main rival is Santa Fe Rugby Club.
It is located in the central North Island of New Zealand.
The club was formed in 1947 by soldiers returning home from Dunkerque after the Second World War.
In 2015, they earned their European Champions Cup place, after winning the European playoffs against Gloucester Rugby in Worcester.
They are administered by the Rugby Football League.
The men's team is known as the Bombers, and the club also has a women's team called the Lollers.
Saracens Women is a women's rugby union club based in Southgate, London, England.
The New Zealand Residents are a New Zealand rugby league football representative side that is selected from players competing in domestic competitions.
Cwmtwrch Rugby Football Club is a Welsh rugby union team officially founded in 1890.
is a rugby union team based in Greenock, Scotland.
In 1953 and 1954 they won the first Spanish league titles.
The club currenly play in the fifth tier of English club rugby.
The RC Rottweil is a German rugby union club from Rottweil, Baden-Württemberg, currently playing in the 2nd Rugby-Bundesliga.
The Ospreys are the most successful Welsh team in the history of the Celtic League or Pro12 tournament, having won the competition four times.
They replace the two former age grade teams Under 19's and Under 21's.
In 1997–98 Manawatu entered into an amalgamation with Hawke's Bay, as the Central Vikings, and wore orange and blue.
Krasny Yar Krasnoyarsk is a Russian rugby union club founded in 1969 in the city of Krasnoyarsk, the unofficial capital of Russian rugby.
In 2013, the Tampa Krewe defeated the Naples Hammerhead Rugby Club 31-29 to win the Division II Florida Cup Championship.
Brad Donald recently replaced Steve Folkes as the Head Coach of the Jillaroos., with Jamie Feeney as Assistant Coach.
Old Crescent is a senior rugby club in Limerick, playing in Division 2B of the All-Ireland League.
Due to the clubs connections to St. Illtyds school the team managed to keep playing for all but two years during the Second World War.
They have a progressed rapidly as the season has continued and are progressing well in the National Plate.
The team is made up of the best British born players selected from the clubs of AFL Britain affiliated competitions in England, Wales and Scotland.
Stillorgan RFC is an Irish rugby team based in County Dublin.
The team is unexpectedly strong due to the large Armenian diaspora in France.
They formed in 1959 and in 1984 applied for and became members of the Welsh Rugby Union.
The club is affiliated with the Auckland Rugby Football Union.
Rugby football was played in Machen from the early 1870s, but Machen RFC can be placed as playing as a club from the early 1880s.
The team plays at the sports ground at Margam which it shares with other sections - Cricket, Soccer, Bowls etc.
The club is based at Onewa Domain, which was also home to North Harbour until 1997.
Jan 31st A side vs. Tridents at home won 28-3 and B side vs. Ft. Lauderdale won 53-0
They are the presently members of the Welsh Rugby Union playing in the WRU Championship and is a feeder club for the Llanelli Scarlets.
Club Atlético Provincial, or simply Provincial, is an Argentine sports club located in the city of Rosario, Santa Fe.
Until the end of season 2009, Souths were coached by the Bears' record-breaking top points scorer, Jason Taylor.
The Philippines national rugby union team, nicknamed the "Volcanoes", represents the Philippines in international rugby union.
The club was founded by a group of Rugby enthusiasts hailing from various academic institutions amid the partisan climate of the summer of 2006.
Other sports practised at Liceo Naval are football, rowing and tennis.
The team played under the name BC Wave for the 2006 and 2007 RCSL seasons, but later switched back to using Vancouver Wave.
It currently plays in Division 1B of the Ulster Bank All-Ireland League after gaining promotion in 2017 and Division 1 of the SONI Premiership.
Other sports practised at San Martín are bowls and tennis.
They achieved promotion on 3 May 2014 after beating Ampthill in a promotion play-off, the game went to extra time after finishing 25–25 in normal time.
The club presently plays in the Welsh Rugby Union Division One East league and is a feeder club for the Newport Gwent Dragons.
In 1998, the club merged with Leeds Rhinos to form Leeds Rugby Limited, also known as Leeds Tykes.
The club was established in 1973 and currently competes in the División de Honor de Rugby competition, the highest level of Spanish club rugby.
Bryncoch Rugby Football Club are a Welsh rugby union club based in the town of Bryncoch in Neath, Wales, UK.
Australia A is a national representative rugby union football team of Australian rugby union.
The team was the most notable of the four early police rugby teams of Wales, supplying several notable players to the Wales national team.
The team is a member of the USA Rugby Football Union, the Mid-Atlantic Rugby Football Union, and the Potomac Rugby Union.
The BOPRU govern the running of the Bay of Plenty representative team which have won New Zealand's first-tier domestic competition National Provincial Championship once.
The union's colours are red, yellow and black.
They routinely put out three Senior XVs, a ladies side and a Vets side.
Wirral Rugby Club is a rugby union club based in Thornton Common Road, Clatterbridge, Wirral, England.
The Riot play league matches throughout Illinois, as well as numerous tournaments and friendly matches in the Midwest.
The French rugby league team first played in 1934 on a tour of England.
The Argentina national under-20 rugby union team, officially nicknamed Pumitas, represents Argentina at a national level.
The original team was bolstered by many steel workers recruited from the local works.
Bonymaen Rugby Football Club are a Welsh rugby union club based in the village of Bon-y-maen, Swansea, South Wales.
In 2014 it joined the American Rugby Premiership.
In 1890 a Clonakilty side competed in the Munster Senior Cup for the first time.
The team have thus far not qualified for a Rugby World Cup, but have participated in qualifying tournaments.
The Vanuatu national sevens team is Vanuatu's representative in rugby sevens.
The country has competitive male and female squads.
They play in the North West Division of the Rugby League Conference and run a second team in the North West Merit League.
They were promoted in 2015–16 via the play-off and play in National League 1.
Hitchin Rugby Football Club is a rugby club based in Hitchin, Hertfordshire, England.
The Harlequins are 21-time Texas RFU Champions.
The Women's team are the current holders of both the Munster Cup and National Women's Cup.
Historically the North and Midlands team played matches against touring teams visiting Scotland from abroad, and also competed in the Scottish Inter-District Championship.
Stade Bagnérais is a French rugby union club currently competing at the fourth level of the French league system.
The Indianapolis Impalas are an American rugby union club founded in 1980.
Haringey Rhinos Rugby Football Club is a rugby club based in the London Borough of Haringey, North London, England.
The last match played under the 'Australia A' name was in 2008, but the team was previously the second national side behind the Wallabies.
The Golden Lions is a rugby team based in Johannesburg, South Africa who compete in the annual Currie Cup and Vodacom Cup.
The club colours are green and white hoops with black shorts and green socks.
Glasgow Southern RFC was a former rugby union team.
It is the rugby union team of the Sri Lanka Army Sports Club and was founded in 1963.
The club currently provides the majority of players to the national team, with the rest playing for Czech clubs.
The club is a full member of World Rugby, and is also a member of the North America Caribbean Rugby Association.
The first club to play against the newly formed Trinant RFC was Hafodorynys.
This team played in the annual NRL All Stars Game against the Indigenous All Stars.
Eagles RFC is a Finnish rugby club in Turku.
The Georgia national rugby sevens team is a minor national sevens side.
On 9 May 2017, it was confirmed that the Great Britain team would tour the southern hemisphere in 2019 as the Great Britain and Irish Lions
The Blackjacks finished in fourth place at the USA Rugby Nationals - Division I Tournament and won their first SCRFU Regular Season title in 2008.
They originally played at Stade Sabathé but moved to the Stade Yves-du-Manoir, now known as Altrad Stadium, in 2007.
Tiverton Rugby Club is a rugby union club based in the town of Tiverton, Devon, England.
The Philippine women's national rugby sevens team, known as the Lady Volcanoes, represents the Philippines in rugby sevens.
Châtenoy RC is a French amateur rugby union club based in Châtenoy-le-Royal, Saône-et-Loire on the outskirts of Chalon-sur-Saône in Burgundy, in eastern central France.
In the 2008 USA Sevens they lost to Australia 24-14 in the Shield finals.
It is a relatively recent creation, being started at the end of 2009.
Connacht plays its home games at the Galway Sportsgrounds, which holds 8,100 spectators.
Jim George made his debut against Scotland on 15 March 1947 and played a further two matches against France and Ireland.
The team plays in red and gold jerseys with red shorts, and their emblem is the double headed eagle while their logo is the wolf.
Taibach RFC Under 13 10- 0 Cwmavon RFC under 13
The Catalonia national rugby union team is the national rugby team of Catalonia.
On tour, they also defeated Estonia 49-5 in Tallinn.
In 2008, the club celebrated its sesquicentennial year, marking its 150th anniversary.
The club fields a senior team which plays in the WRU leagues, and also fields a second XV, youth and junior teams.
Previously the club had two undefeated seasons in 2007 and 2008 earning them rights to promotion.
The Chiefs play in black, red and yellow coloured jerseys.
Clube de Rugby de Évora is a rugby team based in Évora, Portugal.
Sporting Union Agen Lot-et-Garonne is a French rugby union club based in Agen in the department of Lot-et-Garonne.
Mohicans was a 19th-century football club that played football by the rugby football codes.
They share the same name, wear the famous Harlequin colours and club crest and often play at the Stoop.
Holstebro RK is a Danish rugby club in Holstebro.
The Great Britain Lionesses have placed third in every Women's Rugby League World Cup in which they have competed.
They play their rugby at Morriston Park in Elgin, Moray.
Each player also has a small flag of their origin nation on their shirts.
The senior side had a short spell in Division 1 starting in the 1998-99 season.
Mostly known for its rugby union team, the club hosts other activities such as football, field hockey, tennis, gymnastics, golf and bridge.
The Chinese women's national sevens rugby union team represents China at an international level in Rugby sevens.
They are a member of the Bristol and District Rugby Football Combination, an organisation which promotes junior rugby union in the city of Bristol.
Overseas RUFC is a Maltese rugby club.
Samoa has played at all Rugby World Cup Sevens finals tournaments since the championship began in 1993, and won the third-place final in 1997 and 2007.
As recently as 2008, Miami Rugby was ranked 19th in the nation by USA Rugby after winning a Florida State Championship.
CUS Perugia Rugby is an Italian professional rugby union team based in Perugia, which competes in the Serie A.
playing and beating the Springboks in 1965 in Thomond Park therefore making them the first Irish side to beat an international touring team.
Morocco competes in the Africa Cup annually.
However a deal involving the Dunedin City Council allowed it to keep operating.
Yenisey-STM Rugby Club is a Russian rugby union club founded in 1975.
The Mavericks play their "home" games at Calgary Rugby Park in Calgary.
Wales were the World Cup Sevens Champions after winning the 2009 Rugby World Cup Sevens in the United Arab Emirates.
Walferdange is the second Luxembourg rugby club alongside Rugby Club Luxembourg.
A current participant in the first-tier Top 14 competition, they have won the national competition on four occasions.
They usually compete in the European Women's Sevens Championship.
They are also the women's team of Lichfield Rugby Union Football Club.
In 2003 Bletchley RUFC were the first sports organisation in Milton Keynes/North Bucks to gain the Rugby Football Union 'Seal of Approval' and Sport England Clubmark.
Located in the nearby village of Darlingscote the pitch soon became known as 'The Bowl'.
The club are based in Madrid in Spain, playing their matches at Campo de rugby Gabriel Parellada,
Leicester Lions are a rugby union club who currently play in National League 2 North.
The Portugal women's national rugby sevens team are Portugal's national representatives in sevens.
In December 2015 the WRU granted Bargoed an A Licence meaning a top four finish would secure Premiership rugby for the firay time.
Rugby Club Valencia is a Spanish rugby team.
The club runs a number of rugby union and field hockey teams for both men and women as well as a number of junior programs.
Oct 2nd B side vs. Tridents won 20-0
The American Samoa national rugby league team represents American Samoa at rugby league football and has been participating in international competition since 1988.
The club was the most successful in the Rugby Championship of Yugoslavia, with eleven championships, as well as in modern Croatian competitions.
Every summer the official IRFU tag happens.
The Scotland women's national sevens team is a minor rugby sevens team.
It was announced by the Rugby governing body ERC on 2 September that the Portuguese team would hold their home games at Estádio Nacional.
The club was established in 1986 and currently competes in the División de Honor de Rugby competition, the highest level of Spanish club rugby.
Abercrave currently have a Senior XV who play in the WRU Division Five South West league and is a feeder club for the Ospreys.
Albion Excelsior Rugby Football Club is an amateur rugby team that plays in the Division 2 competition who last year won the Division 3 title
They currently compete in the Malta Rugby Union Championship.
They currently play in the South West Southern Counties league.
They currently play in the Top 14, having been promoted as 2008–09 champions of Rugby Pro D2.
Today, Pencoed RFC plays in the Welsh Rugby Union, Division Two West League and is a feeder club for the Ospreys.
This match took place as part of the second regional division of the 2009 Asian Five Nations.
Manly Beaches and Manly Districts merged to form Manly RUFC.
The Blue Bulls Rugby Union also operates the Super Rugby team known simply as Bulls.
The first XV currently play in Midlands Premier of the Midlands Division, a fifth tier league in the English rugby union system.
The club has the most supporters of any Currie Cup team.
The 2001-02 season is the sixth in the history of the Glasgow Warriors as a professional side.
The club will play in the British Columbia Premiership for the 2012-13 season.
They used to run a 4th Team called "The Dinos" named after the dinosaur fossil discovered by Gideon Mantell on what is now their playing fields.
The team will act as Ireland's third national men's side, behind the senior Ireland team and Ireland Wolfhounds.
Centro Desportivo Universitário do Porto or CDUP is a Portuguese amateur sports club for students at the University of Porto, in Porto, Portugal.
The Morocco national rugby league team has been participating in international competition since 1995.
Kazakhstan have been participating in international competition since 1994 after their independence from the USSR.
The club was founded in 1893 but at that time played under the name Tredegar Harriers.
The first XV plays in South Lancs/Cheshire 1, a sixth level league in the English league system.
The Munster Cup competition was retired in 2013 meaning that the club retain the cup.
Camelford Rugby Football Union Club was formed in 2008.
The current club captain is James Horwill and the Director of Rugby is John Kingston.
The Pumas average crowds of 13,000 at home Currie Cup matches.
The Nigeria National Rugby Union Team represent Nigeria in the sport of rugby union.
Hawick Linden RFC are a rugby union team based in Hawick, in the Scottish Borders.
Otherwise known as Aughrim RFC or The Red Kites.
Until 2004, the Chiefs were the only New Zealand side to never have qualified for the Super 12 semi-finals.
Wednesday 4 September 1963 has gone down in the annals of Portadown Rugby Club’s history.
Administered by the Rugby Football League, the team is nicknamed "The Lions" or "Great Britain Lions".
The Scotland Club XV side also regularly play with the similar England Counties XV.
They presently play in the Welsh Rugby Union Division Four East.
It is the second-tier side to the Fiji national rugby union team.
In 2001 UCD won the AIB League Division 2 title, gaining promotion to Division 1.
It was formed in 1989 after the disbanding of Kenya Breweries RFC when their main sponsor, Kenya Breweries, pulled out.
The current club captain is Joel Knott.
They have yet to qualify for the Rugby World Cup.
The first team play in Tribute Western Counties North.
Eventually the "Northern" was dropped from its name at the beginning of the 1980s.
The club plays its home matches at Braidholm.
In 2009 they won their first cup in 27 years beating Leeds 23–18 in the final of the National Trophy at Twickenham.
The Falcons is currently the only professional rugby club in north east England, with one Premiership and four domestic cups to their name.
Olivos Rugby Club is a sports club located in Munro, Buenos Aires, Argentina.
United Rugby is also host to a mini-rugby program consisting of players age 3-14.
Tullow RFC is an Irish rugby team based in Tullow, Leinster, playing in Division 1B of the Leinster League.
Shamrock Warriors RFC is a Rugby sevens club founded in 2009 by former Leinster out-half Fergal Campion.
In August 2003 New Caledonia travelled to Australia to play their first international rugby league game against Greece at Norford Park, Sydney.
Their informal nickname is the Green and Whites.
North Derbyshire Chargers RLFC are a rugby league club who play in the Midlands Rugby League at open age and junior level.
Bera Bera play in blue and orange.
The second tier side, the Connacht Eagles, competed in the 2014–15 British and Irish Cup.
In 2009, the Gaels made it to the first round of Division 2 playoffs beating the Portland Pigs RFC and eventually losing to Red Mountain Warthogs.
The Club is affiliated to the Leinster Branch of the Irish Rugby Football Union and play in Division 2C of the All Ireland League.
The vote failed heavily with only 20 votes for the motion and over 300 against.
The team has played against incoming international, representative and club touring sides and it conducted seven tours between 1954 and 1982.
The club colours are green, black and white.
They were the 2nd independent rugby club to be formed in Cyprus, after the Paphos Tigers.
Beginning in 2010 the team, along with the Ontario Blues, The Rock, and the Prairie Wolf Pack, have participated in the newly formed Canadian Rugby Championship.
In the two previous years in which they reached the semi-finals, 1999 and 2004, they were eliminated by the Highlanders and Crusaders.
The principal team sponsor was Crysbro, a leading poultry company based in Nawalapitiya.
In the April 16, 2012 IRB World Rankings, the Philippines ranked 62, their highest rank ever since the team was created.
The Tuvalu national sevens team is a minor national side.
May 20 President's XV vs. Bristol, England.
Harrow RFC are an English rugby union club that are based in Stanmore in London.
Cwmbran RFC presently play in the Welsh Rugby Union Division Two East League and is a feeder club for the Newport Gwent Dragons.
Rugby had been played for periods previously in the town.
The club is also member of the Red Star Sports Society.
In 1964 Other Nationalities played their only match in the Southern Hemisphere in a one-off match vs Sydney Colts at the Sydney Cricket Ground.
In addition to rugby, the club is represented by the Stags, Nessies, Thistles, Pipers, Whiskies, Highlanders, Unicorns and Lassies.
The most recent successes for the club in the 15-a-side game were consecutive Premier League championships in the 1987–88 and 1988–89 seasons.
In addition, the club operates five netball teams.
In 1976 WA was invited to participate in the nationwide Amco Cup, where they defeated the Northern Territory 23-18.
Shane Byrne was born and raised in Aughrim.
England Knights is the current name of England's second national rugby league team.
Like other Fordham University athletic teams, Fordham ruggers are called the Fordham Rams.
The present team is actually the second incarnation of the Junior All Blacks.
The media thought Biggar would drop straight back down into the 2nd division of the Scottish Premiership for the 2005–06 season.
There is one 4G pitch at the main site; additional games are played on grass pitches in nearby Richmond Park.
The Jamaica national rugby league team represents Jamaica in international rugby league football tournaments.
Kirk, Nat Lacey, Matt and Charlie Crinion, Jack Finnegan, J. Gibney and Bobby Byrne.
After the 2010–11 season the club withdrew from Professional Football League of Ukraine and lost its professional status.
Rugby Viadana is an Italian rugby union club based in Viadana.
The Baton Rouge Rugby Football Club, founded in 1977, is a men's rugby union team based in Baton Rouge, Louisiana, United States.
The Wales Women's National Rugby Union Team are a national sporting side of Wales, representing them at rugby union.
The team played under the name of the Ottoman Sevens.
This match takes place at the All England Lawn Tennis Club.
The team toured Great Britain twice, participating in two Ashes series, and also played Great Britain twice in Sydney.
However this was reverted to the All-Australian model ahead of the 2014 series.
RC Argo is a Ukrainian rugby club in Kiev.
They played with Argentina at Vélez Sársfield in Buenos Aires on 20 June 2009 as part of the mid-year test series, and lost 32–18
La Esperanza Rugby Club is a Honduran rugby club based in La Esperanza, Honduras and a founding member of the Honduran Rugby Federation.
The haka was later adopted by the New Zealand national team, the All Blacks, as were their black shirts.
It has been the second most successful team in South America after Brazil.
Belenenses is a Portuguese rugby union team.
Highfield Rugby Football Club is a rugby union club based in Cork, Ireland, playing in Division 2A of the All-Ireland League.
Their first match was against Impala RFC whom they beat 96-6.
They are coached by Derek O'Riordan and Iain Berthinussen.
They currently play in the fourth tier of the English league system, National League 2 South.
The team currently plays in the Ukraine Rugby Superliga.
The first recorded Portadown match took place at Ormeau on 11 December 1879 against Ulster F.C.
They were founded in 2015 and are the first Argentine team to play in SANZAAR's Super Rugby competition, participating from the 2016 Super Rugby season onwards.
The lions are currently playing in division two south.
In 2007 Australia A joined the competition.
Between 1921 and 2004, the club played at Coundon Road.
The 2012/13 season marked our 40th anniversary of developing and promoting junior rugby for every age group – from U6s through to colts and seniors.
Harpenden Rugby Football Club is a rugby club based in Harpenden.
Team sponsor DHL has officially renewed their sponsorship with Western Province until 2016, following an emphatic 2012 season.
In 2013–14, the team finished second but lost the promotion play-off to Darlington Mowden Park of the National League 2 North.
Killarney Rugby Football Club is a Rugby Union club based in Killarney, County Kerry, Ireland.
From 2014-15 season the restructuring of the WRU rugby leagues saw the club playing in Division 3 East Central C league.
Colomiers had various European success in the late 1990s.
Wimbledon Rugby Football Club is a rugby union team from Wimbledon, London.
Brad Fittler occupies the position of head coach.
Tunisia played at the 2013 Sevens World Series qualifier at Hong Kong, where they won over Uruguay and lost to Tonga at the quarterfinals.
They currently play in WRU Championship, having been promoted from the WRU Division One East in the 2015-2016 season.
Players in the team are selected by the New South Wales Country Rugby Union from regions of New South Wales excluding Sydney and Southern NSW.
The club is a member of the Welsh Rugby Union and is a feeder club for the Newport Gwent Dragons.
The club became the first English side to play rugby internationally when it beat Stade Français in Paris on 18 April 1892.
The first XV currently plays in Midlands 1 West, the sixth tier of the English rugby union system.
Playing in the competitions of the Wellington Rugby Football Union, it is based at the Hutt Recreation Ground in Lower Hutt.
In 2012 they finished first in the Australian conference.
Ravai plays Prop/Hooker and was part of the World Cup Fijian Team 2015.
Rugby Calvisano are an Italian rugby union club currently competing in National Championship of Excellence.
The Belgium women's national rugby union team are a national sporting side of Belgium, representing them at rugby union.
The club nowadays trains at Papafio pitch.
The team was renamed the Sydney Rays in 2016.
The British Forces Germany also have a very successful representative sevens squad.
US Montauban is a French rugby union club that currently competes in Rugby Pro D2, the second level of the country's professional league system.
They play in the First Croatian Rugby league.
The Club also hosts a Rugby sevens tournament the first weekend of December to benefit local children's charities named the Grunk Sevens Tournament.
They are governed by the Bulgarian Rugby Federation, and have yet to qualify for the Rugby World Cup.
The team plays at the Parc des Sports Marcel Michelin.
The Trinidad and Tobago national rugby sevens team is a minor national sevens side.
Rhiwbina RFC also run a mini and Junior Section with teams from Under 7's up to Youth.
The team is known as "The Dragons" and so the teams logo on the shirt is a red dragon.
They currently compete in the Norway Rugby Championship.
Percy Park Rugby Football Club is an English rugby union team based in North Shields, Tyne & Wear.
Ulster Rugby is one of the four professional provincial rugby teams from the island of Ireland.
Internationally, Russia's best performance was in 2013, finishing in the quarterfinals.
It also established a regular Easter tour to the Netherlands in 1958 playing RC Hilversum which helped to promote Dutch rugby during the 1960s.
As with other Welsh national sporting teams, Wales strip has been primarily red.
The Berliner SV 92 Rugby is a German rugby union club from Berlin, currently playing in the Rugby-Bundesliga.
Mainly known for its rugby union team, other sports practised at the club include boxing, field hockey, football, gymnastics, squash and tennis.
Klub sídli na bratislavských Pasienkoch, v susedstve futbalového štadióna Slovana.
It is also the third-oldest rugby club in continuous existence in the world, after Dublin University Football Club and Edinburgh Academical Football Club.
They have secured a position in the 1A Leinster League.
Ragbi klub Krstaši is a Montenegrin rugby club based in Kotor.
The club plays at home in Kilballyowen Park, near the town of Bruff, in County Limerick, Ireland.
Brecon, along with Pontypool, Llandovery College, Lampeter College, Llandeilo and Merthyr inaugurated the South Wales Cup competition in the 1877-78 season.
In 2008 they beat Wales over two matches to qualify for the 2008 World Cup.
New Zealand have competed in every Rugby League World Cup since the first in 1954, reaching the final of the past three tournaments.
Coach Randall Joseph has been the head coach since the club's founding, with Anthony "Bubba" Gautney as assistant coach.
The titles won included the McGowan Cup in 1961, 1963, 1964, 1966, 1968 & 1969, while Provincial Towns cups were collected in 1963, 1965 & 1967.
Christopher Hyndman, playing for England under-21s and Northampton Saints with Craig Willis playing for Newcastle Falcons.
Meraloma Club is a Canadian rugby union team based in Vancouver, British Columbia.
The Czech Republic women's national rugby union team are a national sporting side of the Czech Republic, representing them at rugby union.
The club has enjoyed considerable recent success, most notably being crowned NAMS champions for the 2014-2015 season.
DHL Western Province is a South African rugby union team, based in Newlands, Cape Town, that participates in the annual Currie Cup and Vodacom Cup tournaments.
The club also has a ladies team known as the Lionesses.
The first XV currently plays in London 1 North.
The team qualified for 2017 edition, where they reached the semifinals.
Established in 1893 the club currently plays in BT Caledonia League Division 1.
They played East 2 of the Ulster Magners Minor League and are members of the International Gay Rugby Association and Board.
However, in recent times the Blue Bulls have also become fierce rivals of the Cheetahs.
Like New Zealand's four other Super Rugby regional franchises, the Blues were established by the NZRU in 1996.
They are one of the four teams comprising the additional group in the Ukraine Rugby Superliga.
The JBAA were formed in 1886 and are said to be the oldest sports organization west of Montreal.
The team also competes at the Oceania U20 Championship as of 2015.
CR Atlético Portuense play in yellow and green colours.
Llangennech Rugby Football Club was established in 1885, when enthusiasm for the game had spread across local villages after Llanelli won the South Wales trophy.
The 1st XV currently play in the Welsh Rugby Union Division Three East A and are a feeder club for the Newport Gwent Dragons.
The El Salvador national rugby union team, nicknamed Los Torogoces, represents El Salvador in rugby union.
They replace the two former age grade teams Under 19's and Under 21's.
Their main home ground is the Liberty Stadium, Swansea, although some smaller profile games have been played at the Brewery Field, Bridgend.
For the 2006 season, they played their home games at Fletcher's Fields in Markham.
The club is a member of the Welsh Rugby Union and is a feeder club for the Newport Gwent Dragons.
Old Elthamians was formed in 1911 and currently run four senior teams and a full range of junior teams.
Wallaby coaches: Bob Templeton and Jake Howard
The playing activities at Bletchley are supported by a large number of volunteers, including the 50+ Vice-Presidents of whom many are ex-players.
IF Attila, or Attila Rugby Club, the association's real name, is the oldest existing rugby club in Sweden.
McGowan Cup – 1961, 1963, 1964, 1965, 1966, 1968, 1969, 1981, 1988, 1991, 1995, 1996, 2001, 2002, 2003, 2004, 2005
The club is a member of the Welsh Rugby Union and is a feeder club for the Newport Gwent Dragons.
Rugby-Welfen Braunschweig is a German rugby union team from Braunschweig, Lower Saxony, currently playing in the 2nd Rugby-Bundesliga.
Three Welsh players have been entered into the Rugby League Hall Of Fame.
The Ottoman Sevens is an international Rugby Sevens team, with its roots from Istanbul, Turkey.
They are currently ranked 99th in the World Rugby Rankings.
Waunarlwydd currently plays in the WRU Division One West following promotion from WRU Division Two West in the 2009/2010 season.
Hong Kong is one of the better rugby sides in Asia outside of Japan, and has consistently made the repechages of the Rugby World Cup qualifying.
For more German stats, news, team results and more visit Germany's RLEF Page.
Valley Fort Rugby Football Club or Valley Fort RFC is a rugby football club located in Hong Kong, offering rugby for players 4–18 years of age.
The Perth Spirit is an Australian rugby union football team that competes in the National Rugby Championship.
RC Roland is a Ukrainian rugby club in Ivano-Frankivsk.
They presently play in the Welsh Rugby Union Division Four West League.
The biggest success was the U8 and the U10 winning the Bavarian championship, the highest honour in this age group in 2017.
So in 1956 they formed Abbey RFC and played in the Town's public park moving from pub to pub for changing and post match refreshments.
The club was established in 1968 and currently competes in the División de Honor B competition, the second level of Spanish rugby.
The Ukraine national rugby union team represents Ukraine at the sport of rugby union.
Chile was the first South American nation outside of Argentina to play international rugby union, playing their first international test against Argentina in 1936 in Santiago.
Shawlands acts as feeder club for Cartha Queens Park RFC and trains along Cartha.
Currently, Farul Constanta's coach is Neil Kelly.
Tanzania won the CAR Castel Cup in 2006.
The club was founded on February 23, 1959.
Club Manuel Belgrano is an Argentine rugby union and field hockey club.
The club was formed by the amalgamation of the St George and Port Hacking clubs.
Stompers RFC is a Maltese rugby club based in Sliema.
The team also had a lot of success during the 1960s; winning the national championship in 1960, 1961 and 1968.
The club runs five senior sides, a ladies team and a full range of junior teams.
This article concerns the men's team; for information on the Irish women's team, see Ireland women's international rules football team.
The 2015-2016 competition was once again won by NUIG making it three wins in a row for the westerners.
Their home ground is the Stade Ernest-Wallon.
Croydon are currently playing in the Rugby Football Union Surrey 3 league the RFU Junior Vase and the local Surrey RFU Knockout Competitions.
With the addition of France, this became the Five Nations Championship, which in turn became the Six Nations Championship with the addition of Italy.
Mar 20th vs. Cal St. at home lost 0-15 - Finished 2nds
The Falcons draw players from Ekurhuleni and other municipalities to the east and south of Johannesburg.
It was like drinking dynamite - a drop so powerful that Boston people could only drink it in 1/2 pints.
They have thus far not qualified for a Rugby World Cup.
As well, the union is responsible for school rugby.
The GRFU had planned other international fixtures for April 2012.
Namibia participated at the 2014 Junior World Rugby Trophy and finished in 6th place.
They upset Samoa in the finals by winning 22–19.
Abercrave Rugby Football Club is a Welsh rugby union team from Abercraf, which was founded in 1894.
Chile has finished among the top three teams several times in the IRB JWRT, and has twice hosted the event.
Michael Kiernan, with 43, is the clubs most capped international player.
Club de Rugby Liceo Francés is a Spanish rugby union club.
The Mauritius national rugby union team represents Mauritius in international rugby union.
The Queensland Country uniform is blue and white, with a crest of the orchid logo inside Queensland Rugby's traditional ‘Q’ on the jersey's chest.
It is organised by the Basque Rugby Federation.
The national team played its first international match in 2003 against Scotland A, where they lost 22–18.
Waitemata has won the Gallaher Shield on four occasions, with the most recent success coming in 2003.
The team is lead by inspirational leader Daniel Moussa who is from Pakistani decent.
The constituent medical schools collaboratively form a Men's and Ladies team which competes at a high standard against various organizations.
The prerequisite for playing in this team is that a player can speak Scots Gaelic.
The club enjoyed great success during the 1960s and 70s, with many players representing their countries.
The club runs five senior sides and ten junior teams.
Some have said Yarrow could have captained the Lions one day but he chose represent the land of his forefathers.
The club is a member of the Welsh Rugby Union and is a feeder club for the Llanelli Scarlets.
Brian Archibald; Ben Addison,Nick De Luca, Garry Law, Steven Manning; David Blair, Alasdhair McFarlane; Ross Ford, Stuart Fenwick, Ian Nimmo,
They have yet to qualify for the Rugby World Cup, but have entered the qualifiers since the 1995 edition.
Marlow Rugby Club play at Riverwoods Drive, which is located in Marlow, Buckinghamshire.
In 2006 ex-player Australian Brad Harris took up the position of 1st XV player/coach and New Zealander Ryan Roberts as assistant coach and Youth Development Officer.
Other sports that can be practised at the club are swimming and tennis.
Yizre'el Rugby Club is an Israeli amateur rugby club based in Yizre'el.
Being the first Colts team to retain the cup.
The club has teams at all underage levels, from U7 to U18.
In 2014–15 the Netherlands were not invited to any tournament, apart from the Amsterdam event where they finished 11th.
Impala Saracens is a Kenyan rugby club based at the Impala Club.
It is one of the oldest clubs in London and was the last of London's old boys clubs to become a fully open club.
Lindenwood plays in Division I-A in the Mid-South conference.
Bizarrely, it is said that some of the players in the match attempted to tackle shadows.
Cwmavon RFC is a member club of the Welsh Rugby Union, and is a feeder club for the Ospreys.
It is the second-tier side to the Samoa national rugby union team.
| pattern_b1=_bluehorizontal | pattern_ra1=_blue_hoops | leftarm1=1E90FF| body1=1E90FF| rightarm1=1E90FF| shorts1=000000| socks1=000000| }} Pontllanfraith Rugby Football Club is a Welsh rugby union club team based in Pontllanfraith.
Known as the Lions, the club colours are grey, yellow and Magenta.
They first started playing as the Czech Republic in 1993 after the split of Czechoslovakia and now compete in the European Nations Cup.
They also became the first and only Welsh regional team to beat a major touring side, defeating Australia 24–16 in 2006.
Szentesi VSC 91-esek Rögbi Szakosztály is a Hungarian rugby club in Szentes.
The team placed fifth at their first World Cup appearance in 1998 in the Netherlands.
The club plays the most common version of rugby, called rugby union but often just referred to as rugby.
The Rugby Roma Olimpic 1930 is a former Italian professional rugby union team.
The Guadeloupe national rugby union team represents Guadeloupe in the sport of rugby union.
Originally known as Banwen and District they formed in 1947.
Several of their players played for France :
RC Zlín is a Czech rugby club in Zlín.
The China national rugby union team represents the People's Republic of China in international rugby union.
Newport HSOB RFC were recognised by the Welsh Rugby Union as the biggest community rugby club in Wales in November 2007.
The club runs a number of rugby teams, a men's and women's team, as well as a junior program.
The NSW Country team adopted a logo featuring a Cockatoo in 1996.
Southport Rugby Football Club is a rugby football club based in Southport in Merseyside, now playing at the Recreation Ground on Waterloo Road, Hillside.
They played one match against a combined Five Nations XV on Saturday, 19 April 1986, and beat them 32-15.
Their most recent victory was the 2007 competition.
Gyöngyösi Farkasok RK is a Hungarian rugby club based in Mátrafüred in Gyöngyös.
In addition to rugby union, the club is also active in netball, touch rugby, squash, darts, indoor bowls and cricket.
Aia Kutasi was one of the best teams of the Soviet Union, holding three national titles, in 1987, 1988 and 1989.
However, they have managed to reach the semifinal stage three times.
Along with vice-presidents, patrons, members, officers and committee, the club membership is close to 400.
Lund had been unavailable to play for Norway since 2006, however played for Norway in May 2010 against Slovenia.
Rugby was not a very popular game at the time, but despite this, Navan won the Ryan Midland cup in 1929, under the management of W.M.
Since 1952 they have also played an annual challenge game, the Colours Match against their rivals Dublin University.
Aspatria Rugby Union Football Club is based in Aspatria, Cumbria in north west England, not far from the Scottish Border.
The club also runs a mini rugby program, a development women’s team, and a scholarship program for talented underprivileged players.
They went on to lose the final 18–14 to Montauban.
Father Guinane remained deeply involved with the club until his death.
NS Wanderers RC, formed in 1984, is a Malaysian rugby union club that plays in the city of Seremban in the state of Negeri Sembilan, Malaysia.
Addison was a 19th-century football club that played football by the rugby football codes.
The Hunters Hill Rugby Club, is an Australian amateur rugby union club based in Hunters Hill, New South Wales.
Brecon Rugby Football Club is a rugby union club from the town of Brecon, Mid Wales.
They are scheduled to participate in their first-ever test match against a touring New South Wales Police Team in November 2010.
The other competing teams were Panama and Guatemala.
The Welsh sevens squad was disbanded by the Welsh Rugby Union due to financial constraints.
The team plays at Columbia Soccer Stadium within the Baker Athletic Complex in New York City, New York.
It can go slowly and simply spin for beginners and run at greater speed for experts.
The club should not be confused with the DRC 1884 Hannover, a rowing club and a separate entity.
Known as the Tigers or the Bumble Bees, the club colours are blue and yellow.
Falkirk RFC is a rugby union based in Falkirk, Scotland.
The club runs up to four senior sides including Vets, with Mini, and Youth sides.
The Australian team was narrowly defeated by the United States in the fight for fifth place.
The Trinidad and Tobago women's national rugby union team are a national sporting side of Trinidad and Tobago, representing them at rugby union.
The club were founded in 1935 by medical student Dino Lanzoni, who discovered rugby at university.
The Scotland national under-20 rugby union team is Scotland's junior national rugby union team.
They advanced to the Final 16 of the National Championships in 1999 and 2004.
They were formed in 1986 following the merger of two clubs: Venezia Rugby Football Club and Rugby Mestre.
The club was established in 1926  and is affiliated with the Auckland Rugby Football Union.
Tokelau has participated four times in the Pacific Cup: in 1986, 1988, 1992 and 2006.
As well as rugby, the club also offers other sports, such as American football and gymnastics.
The club was one of the eleven founding members of the Welsh Rugby Union in 1881.
Co-ed flag mini rugby under 8, under 10 and under 12 programs.
Club Natación y Gimnasia, or simply Natación, is a rugby union and field hockey club from San Miguel de Tucumán, Argentina.
Tonga attended the 2012 Oceania Women’s Sevens Championship in Fiji.
Junior Japan competes in the World Rugby Pacific Challenge against teams such as Samoa A, Fiji Warriors, and Argentina's Pampas XV.
The Bulgaria national rugby union team represents Bulgaria at rugby union.
They currently compete in the WRU Division One North league.
In the 2013-14 season, they won BUCS 1A Scotland unbeaten, winning 9 games from 9.
At the start of the professional era the club adopted its current name of Newcastle Falcons.
Queensland Country is an Australian rugby union football team that competes in the National Rugby Championship.
Nevertheless, Dinamo Bucuresti has been the dominant club side in Romania since the arrival of the 21st century, recording six titles over the past decade.
Among his responsibilities was to assistance in setting up clubs and organisations for the newcomers to Livingston.
Burnaby Lake Rugby Club is a rugby club based in Burnaby, British Columbia.
Henley Hawks is a rugby union club based in Henley-on-Thames and is one of the leading rugby clubs in the Thames Valley.
Știința Baia Mare is a Romanian professional rugby union club from Baia Mare, playing in SuperLiga, the top tier domestic rugby competition of Romania.
Llangefni Rugby Football Club is a rugby union team from the town of Llangefni, on the island of Anglesey, North Wales.
Belas Rugby Clube is a rugby team based in Belas, Portugal.
Hawick Rugby Football Club is an amateur rugby union side, currently playing in the Scottish Premiership and Border League.
The King Country team play from Owen Delany Park, Taupo, Rugby Park, Te Kuiti and Taumarunui Domain, Taumarunui.
The Fiji national rugby sevens team is one of the most popular and successful rugby sevens teams in the world.
The club is a member of the Welsh Rugby Union and is a feeder club for the Ospreys.
Many have played for the Barbarians and several for the British and Irish Lions.
Skerries RFC is an Irish rugby team based in Skerries, Fingal county in the province of Leinster.
At present the only team Ireland plays is the Australia international rules football team, on an annual basis in the International Rules Series.
The club runs three senior teams and the full range of junior teams.
The Uzbekistan national rugby union sevens team is Uzbekistan's national rugby union sevens team.
Abu Dhabi Harlequins is a rugby union and rugby league team based in Abu Dhabi, UAE.
The Costa Rica national rugby team played their first international in 2005 defeating their opponents Panama by 60-0.
The Great Britain national rugby league team represents Great Britain in rugby league football.
Although Malta has yet to qualify for the Rugby World Cup, the island state has made remarkable progression since its first international in 2000.
Independiente Rugby Club is a Spanish amateur rugby union club based in the Cantabrian city of Santander.
The Queanbeyan Rugby Union Football Club is a rugby union club based in Queanbeyan, New South Wales.
The team played in the Rugby Super League in the 2011 season, but then folded in 2012.
Ynysddu RFC's first recorded match was against Abercarn in 1884 and was played on the church field at Mynyddislwyn.
The Rugby Bar can cater for up to 100 people.
They play their home matches at Cooke Fields and play in the Women's Premiership.
The Niue Island national rugby union team is the national team of the third tier rugby union playing nation of Niue Island.
Black Spruce Rugby are a Canadian rugby union team based in Fredericton, New Brunswick.
In the 2015 edition, they went to the semifinals, where they lost to Russia.
Rugby had been played in Trinant before 1956, but proof of the existence of Trinant RFC can not be substantiated before this date.
The club is part of the sports society JSD Partizan, and is a member of the Rugby Union of Serbia.
The Scarlets are one of the four professional Welsh regional rugby union teams.
The Bosnia and Herzegovina national rugby sevens team is a minor national sevens side.
Founded in 1906 as "Club Sportif Bergusien".
The club was formed in 1875 and have been based at several grounds over the years.
This makes the Club one of the oldest clubs in the World.
The SC Germania List is a German rugby union club from the district List of Hanover, currently playing in the Rugby-Bundesliga.
They also take part in the Egyetemi Bajnokság.
They competed in the Nations Cup in 2006 and 2007, winning the tournament in 2006, and in the Churchill Cup in 2008 and 2009.
They defeated Russia in the finals 19 - 12.
The club is based in Broadbeach Waters, Queensland on Queensland's Gold Coast.
The bar hosts everything from informal drinking to annual presentations and the club is also available for hire for birthdays, weddings and other events.
The club plays home games at the Ciutat Esportiva Municipal Vall d'Hebrón-Teixonera and belong to the FC Barcelona family.
Mar 5th vs. Pelicans, away, won 19-10
The Chicago Griffins RFC rugby union team was founded in 1973.
Players from the Griffons are eligible for selection to the Vodacom Cheetahs Super Rugby team, along with players from the Free State Cheetahs and Griquas.
Their ground in London is the Twickenham Stoop.
In 2005 the club moved to its new home at Billesley Common, and were promoted to National Division One in 2006.
Aeolos Rugby is the first rugby union team established in Patras, Greece and Peloponnisos in general.
Australian under-age teams have been represented in the past, as well as a women's team in 2006.
St. Mary's College Rugby Coach Patrick Vincent, former Captain of the 1956 New Zealand All Blacks, suggested that his graduating seniors join the club.
Sheffield Rugby Union Football Club is a rugby union club based at Abbeydale Sports Club in Sheffield, South Yorkshire, England.
Their home ground is at the Wingate Institute in Netanya, Central District, known for its large number of immigrants from English-speaking countries.
In 2010, Campo Gibraltar is now a Gibraltar-based team and its name has been changed to Gibraltar Barbarians RFC.
Tanzania played their first officially recognised international in 2004, defeating Burundi.
The club are famous for playing in a maroon kit and thus are nicknamed "The Maroons".
The Exiles team is made up of Australian, New Zealand and Pacific Island players contracted to European Super League clubs.
Corus Rugby Football Club was a Welsh rugby union clubs based in Port Talbot.
Southern Districts Rugby Club is a rugby union club based in southern Sydney, New South Wales.
Waitemata Rugby Football and Sports Club is a rugby union club based in Waitakere City, Auckland.
Sep 16th, A side vs. Iron Horse at home won 25-6
The team was undefeated since debuting in European competition in 2004 until 1 October 2006, when they lost to Switzerland 16–29 in Vienne.
The club colours are maroon and white.
The club's second and third senior squads were also very successful, winning their respective leagues.
Taroona Rugby Club is a Rugby Union club in Tasmania.
The Maddogs field a competitive team every year, and have been nationally ranked.
A number of current players are former pupils of Dalziel High School.
The club has been the most successful Sri Lankan club in the Sri Lanka Rugby Championship, winning ?
The national team was one of two teams that withdrew from the 2005 tournament due to an inability of the Danish league to finance the trip.
The 2014–15 Munster Rugby season was Munster's fourteenth season competing in the Pro 12 alongside which they also competed in the new European Rugby Champions Cup.
It is recognised within the Irish Sports Council and took over the running of the international team entirely in 2008 for the World Cup.
The team has about 30-40 active players and is member of Division I of the New England Rugby Football Union.
The players within the club come from all over the United States, some competing previously in other rugby unions.
Azerbaijan have yet to qualify for the Rugby World Cup.
Ballymena Rugby Football Club is a rugby union club based in the town of Ballymena, Northern Ireland, playing in Division 1B of the All-Ireland League.
However the club not only survived but finished 5th, the club's highest ever finish.
They compete in division 3D of the European Nations Cup.
The Scotland national Club XV rugby union team is one of several national rugby union teams behind the Scottish national side.
Since then there have been a number of youth teams in Ghana; the under-18 team won a junior rugby competition.
London Scottish Football Club is a rugby union club in England.
Hobart Lions Rugby Club is a Rugby Union club in Tasmania.
The match was played at North Sydney Oval, and NZ won the game 37 to 0.
The club runs three senior sides, a veterans team, a colts team and junior teams ranging from under 7s to under 17s.
It competes in the Eastern Pennsylvania Rugby Union.
The club became an amateur side once more after the 2012–13 season.
March 10 vs. Tallahassee, away, lost 20-14 and lost 16-0
Grenoble play most home matches at the Stade des Alpes since 2014-2015.
Dunvant RFC is a member of the Welsh Rugby Union.
They are based in Bagnères-de-Bigorre, a small town of 8,000 inhabitants, in the Hautes-Pyrénées département, at the foot of the Pyrénées.
The team currently play in the East Regional League Division Two following relegation from East Regional League Division One at the end of the 2014–15 season.
The main stadium is Yarrow Stadium which is located in New Plymouth.
Founded in 1893, the club plays in red and white hoops.
Since its creation, Nyon Rugby Club has won the national championship and cup several times and has provided many players to the Swiss national side
The Kenya national rugby sevens team competes in the World Rugby Sevens Series, Rugby World Cup Sevens and the Commonwealth Games.
Cork Con won the All Ireland League and the AIB Cup in their inaugural years 1991 & 2006.
The club runs six senior sides, including a veterans side and two colts teams, and eleven junior sides.
Members of COBRA are also active and well represented in the Malaysian Rugby Union, Selangor Rugby Union and the Malaysian Rugby Referees’ Society.
They have won the 2012, 2013 and 2015 Seven de la República.
They are primarily known as a rugby club but also compete in volleyball, hockey, Judo and wrestling.
Saint Lucia have thus far not played in a Rugby World Cup, but have participated in qualifying tournaments.
Amatori Alghero is an Italian rugby union team based in Alghero, Sardinia.
First formed in 1882, and disbanded in 1921, the club reformed in 1989.
The team play their home games at Stoneyhill and currently compete in BT National League Division 1, the second tier of Scottish club rugby.
The Barbados women's national rugby union team are a national sporting side of Barbados, representing them at rugby union.
The NRC was launched in 2014, reinstating the national competition after the Australian Rugby Championship was discontinued following the first season in 2007.
They entered the professional leagues for the first time in 2008.
Administered by the New Zealand Rugby League, they are commonly known as the Kiwis, after the native bird of that name.
The Sharks are the current representative team of the Natal Rugby Union, founded in 1890.
KCB Rugby Club is a rugby union team based in Nairobi, Kenya.
The 1st XV play in South West 1 East.
In 1913, the club seceded to rugby league, although after a few years returned to rugby union.
The team representing Victoria in the ARC was the Melbourne Rebels, organised and managed by the VRU.
This season saw Glasgow Caledonians compete in the competitions: the Welsh-Scottish League and the European Champions Cup, the Heineken Cup.
Irish also reached the final of the 2009 English Premiership, narrowly losing 10–9 to Leicester Tigers at Twickenham Stadium.
The club colours are yellow, blue and black.
The club is a member of the Welsh Rugby Union and is a feeder club for the Cardiff Blues.
Other activities hosted by club's facilities are field hockey, golf, paddle tennis, swimming and tennis.
It would not be until 1992 when the club made the final again, and then a decade later, winning the championship in 2002.
Brazil has not qualified for a Rugby World Cup, but participated in the inaugural edition of rugby 7s in the Olympics.
The team plays in the Rugby Canada National Junior Championship and draws most of its players from the British Columbia Rugby Union.
It has won in National Athlete Meet 10 times consecutively, and also won the Best Team Award at Baksang Athlete Meet in 1999.
It holds the Cherry Pit Rugby 15's Tournament annually in August and has over 200 members.
Loughor RFC is a member of the Welsh Rugby Union and is a feeder club for the Ospreys.
Aaron Mauger, Malili Muliaina, Jerry Collins, Sam Tuitupou, and Joe Rokocoko all are examples of players who have progressed to international rugby.
The club also has a number of other teams, with their 2nd XV currently playing in the Sussex Late Red 3.
The club was based at Smythe Park until 1951, when the club moved to the present day grounds at Waitemata Park in Henderson.
The Caldy Rugby Football Club is an English rugby union team which play in the third tier of English rugby, National League 1.
The official colours of the club are black and white.
The club participates in South Lancs/Cheshire 1.
Home matches are held at the Bowie Field rugby pitches located inside Brooks Park in southeast San Antonio, TX.
They regularly compete in the Asian Five Nations tournament and are currently in Division I.
In a short period of time the Boat Club would become the nucleus of sporting activity for boating, athletics and rugby in the town.
The nation have yet to make their debut at the Rugby World Cup.
The club was formed in 1898 and plays in orange and blue.
Beddau RFC is a member of the Welsh Rugby Union and is a feeder club for Cardiff Blues.
Streatham will play in the Rugby Football Union Surrey 2 league, Surrey Shield and the RFU Junior Vase in season 2016-17.
Hence the name...Although the current ground is also located near a park called Highfield Lawn.
As well as playing numerous friendlies they have also taken part in the qualification stages of the Rugby World Cup, competing in every tournament since 1995.
The club is part of with Watsonians RFC and plays at the club's home ground of Myreside Road, Edinburgh.
In 1996, the Stormers qualified and competed in the Super 12 as Western Province.
Lanús Rugby Club is an Argentine rugby union club based in the Lanús district of Greater Buenos Aires.
Home games are played at McKane Park.
The Jaguares are a professional rugby union team based in Buenos Aires, Argentina.
More recent U.S. Eagles representatives include Brian McClenahan and Colin Hawley.
For many years England also competed in the European Nations Cup and in 2006, an England 'A' team, competed for the Federation Shield.
Home matches are played at Carleton Park, Glenrothes.
Aughrim Rugby was one of several lucky clubs to be nominated for funding via Ulster Bank Rugbyforce in 2011.
Mechelen RFC is a Belgian rugby club in Mechelen.
Les Gaillards Paris Rugby Club is a French rugby club based in Paris.
The Uni-Norths Owls is a rugby union club located on the campus of the Australian National University in Canberra, Australian Capital Territory.
The playing kit is produced by New Zealand company Canterbury of New Zealand.
The social and junior game is administered in association with the British Amateur Rugby League Association.
They also won the Jenkinson cup and the Harry Gale cup while the second’s plate was annexed in 1999.
The men's section competes in the Campeonato Português de Rugby, the Portuguese top tier, following the promotion in the 2016–17 season.
The Spain national rugby sevens team participates in international rugby sevens competitions.
Letchworth Garden City Rugby Union Football Club is a rugby club based in Letchworth Garden City, Hertfordshire, England.
A highlight of club's history was in 1951 when the Buenos Aires FC merged to BACC, renaming "Buenos Aires Cricket & Rugby Club".
It is usually powered by a variable-speed electric motor.
The Sri Lanka national rugby sevens team has competed in the Hong Kong Sevens since the 1980s.
The club colours are black and amber, the same colours as Malahide Cricket Club and Malahide Yacht Club.
In April 2016 Lebanon took part in the Asian Rugby Championship division 3 West tournament held in Doha, Qatar.
The United States competed with little success in some international games during the 1950s, but did not return to consistent competition until 1987.
The 2015-2016 competition was won by UCD RFC who turned the tables on NUIG in a comprehensive win for the Dublin side.
The club runs four adult XVs catering for all abilities and levels of experience.
The rugby team currently plays in the Torneo de la URBA Grupo II, the second division of the Unión de Rugby de Buenos Aires league system.
The Oak Bay Wanderers rugby club was founded in 1906 and merged with the Castaways rugby club in the 1990s.
The Edmonton Gold are a Canadian rugby union team based in Edmonton, Alberta.
The club plays in the Swiss first division where it is one of the most successful teams in the country's history, behind Hermance RRC.
In 1980 the USA Rugby Collegiate Championship playoff system was established.
Until 1987 clubs from both the Brisbane Rugby League and the NSWRL provided players for the side.
Newtown Rugby Football Club is a rugby union club in Newtown, Mid Wales.
Unlike the men's team, Brazil's women's sevens team have appeared in a World Cup in either of the Rugby union codes.
East Grinstead RFC was a rugby union club based in East Grinstead, West Sussex.
Harlequin Amateurs Rugby Football Club are a Twickenham-based English rugby union club who play their rugby in the RFU league system, currently in Herts/Middlesex 2.
The club also provides a key focal point for players attending rugby schools who live in the Cabinteely/Killiney/Ballybrack and greater Dun Laoghaire area.
The team has won four Oceania Sevens titles since the first competition in 2008.
Tynedale RFC is a rugby union team based in Corbridge, Northumberland in north-east England.
The club is based at T G Millner Field, named in honour of its benefactor Colonel Tom Millner MC VD.
Rugby union was introduced by the British during colonial rule and Uganda played their first international game against Kenya in 1958.
They were one of the founding members of the Top League, playing in the inaugural season in 2003–04.
The Stahl Hennigsdorf Rugby is a German rugby union club from Hennigsdorf, currently playing in the tier-four Regionalliga East B.
Petersfield’s long reputation as a highly hospitable venue for sport was rapidly established.
They play at the 2,000-capacity Nakuru Stadium.
They participate in the European Women's Sevens Series and finished second overall in the recent series.
The Central Coast Waves club was also aligned with the Rays for the ARC, but the competition was disbanded following the first season in 2007.
As a result of their success they were invited to join the Rugby Super League, the country's highest level of rugby union competition, in 2006.
In 2017 they recruited France's Clément Poitrenaud.
The 2010-11 season saw Glasgow Warriors compete in the competitions: the Magners Celtic League and the European Champions Cup, the Heineken Cup.
The club is a member of the Welsh Rugby Union and is a feeder club for the Llanelli Scarlets.
However the shirt usually features some form of red, like red stripes, crosses or chevrons.
Samoa finished 7th overall in the cup.
Aside from the First XV, the club also fields a Second XV .
They have won the All-Japan Championship three times as an amateur team.
The main stadium is Westpac Stadium which is located in Wellington.
The town is within a 40 minutes drive of the major cities of Stockholm, Uppsala and Västerås.
The Eastern Province Kings are a South African rugby union team that participates in the annual Currie Cup and Vodacom Cup competitions.
There is a thriving social membership and members enjoy some of the finest facilities in the country.
The amateur Glasgow District side evolved into the professional Glasgow Warriors side in 1996; one year after rugby union allowed professionalism in 1995.
King's College rugby team was part of the King's College Hospital rugby team that was a founding member of the RFU.
Nantyglo have won back-to-back titles since 2013, most recently clinching the 2014/2015 league title on the final game of the season against Brynmawr RFC.
Olímpico RC is a Spanish rugby team based in Pozuelo de Alarcón, Spain.
Later that weekend, they wrapped up their European Bowl campaign, taking the championship with an 86-0 win over Estonia.
The New Zealand national rugby league team has represented New Zealand in rugby league since 1907.
The Flamingoes was a 19th-century rugby football club that was notable for being one of the twenty-one founding members of the Rugby Football Union.
The club, based in Colomiers in the Haute-Garonne département of Occitania, was founded in 1915 and plays at the Stade Michel Bendichou.
The Japan national rugby sevens team participates in competitions such as the World Rugby Sevens Series and the Rugby World Cup Sevens.
As of 2008, the team now participates in all World Cups, Four Nations and test matches.
The 2nd XV currently play in the Newport and Pontypool District League and are known affectionately by locals as "the Geese".
In 2008, the Rhinos won the HSBC a5n Regional Tournament, which was played at the Universitas Pelita Harapan, Jakarta, Indonesia.
The teams discipline was exemplary and the fact that most players abstained from alcoholic drink demonstrates their blinkered commitment.
The FV 1897 Linden is a German rugby union club from Hanover.
The club play in Durham/Northumberland 1, the seventh tier of the English rugby union system after being relegated in the 2010–11.
The club has close ties with Madras College, a secondary school in St Andrews.
The Brisbane City uniform is yellow and blue, with a crest of the City Hall logo within Queensland Rugby's traditional ‘Q’ on the jersey's chest.
Uruguay qualified for the 2015 Under 20 Trophy after defeating Chile 22-12 in the South American Junior Rugby Championship.
The Trinidad and Tobago national rugby union team has thus far not qualified for the Rugby World Cup, but has participated in qualifying tournaments since 1999.
Belgium participates in the European Nations Cup.
The turnover of the RFL was reported as £27m in 2011.
Millwall currently play their home games at Millwall Park or on Victoria Park, which is located in Bow.
The Yankees won the USA Rugby Division II Men’s Club National Championship in 2004, and the Division III Men's Club National Championship in 2016.
Charleston Outlaws Rugby Football Club is a rugby union team based in Charleston, South Carolina.
Builth Wells RFC are a feeder club for Cardiff Blues.
Their home tie with Colombia was the first Peruvian victory on home soil in an official IRB match.
The Gentlemen of Aspen Rugby Football Club is a rugby union team based in Aspen, Colorado.
The club's home ground is at The Don Rugby Oval in Devonport, Tasmania.
Their home ground is Stadion Raštani, located in place of the same name, Raštani, next to Mostar.
Tokelauan players who have played at NRL or Super League include, Alehana Mara, Marvin Filipo, Vince Mellars, Francis Meli, Uiti Baker and Ivan Penehe.
From 1888 onwards combined rugby sides from the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland toured the Southern Hemisphere.
Ross Sutherland RFC is a rugby union club based in Invergordon, in Easter Ross in the Highlands of Scotland.
with the first XV currently playing in North Premier.
Between 2013 and 2015, the Limpopo Blue Bulls played as a separate team in the Vodacom Cup competition.
Rugby Rovigo Delta are an Italian rugby union club currently competing in National Championship of Excellence.
The Great Britain women's national rugby league team, also known as the Great Britain Lionesses, represents Great Britain in Women's rugby league.
The Pasadena Rugby Football Club is a rugby union club based in Pasadena, California.
The United Arab Emirates National Rugby Union Team represents the United Arab Emirates in rugby union.
For the game, held in Biarritz, the coaches were Jacques Delmas, Patrice Lagisquet and were captained by Thomas Lièvremont.
Wasps FC retains close links with their professional brothers and still owns approximately 5% of Wasps RFC.
It is one of the oldest and most successful teams in Polish rugby.
In recent years, they have mainly bounced between the first-level Top 14 and Pro D2.
West Harbour's major sponsor is Burwood RSL and post match functions are held at Club Burwood.
The club is a member of the Welsh Rugby Union and is a feeder club for the Cardiff Blues.
The club fields 5 adult teams and an under-20 team.
Mwamba Rugby Football Club, also known as Kulabu), is a Kenyan rugby union club based in Nairobi.
The Brunei national rugby union sevens team is the rugby sevens side for Bruneian rugby union players.
The club has a total of twenty-five teams with 1,200 current and former playing members, plus 1,800 social members who are usually members of their families.
In 1958, small Burnham Hall was obtained to become the clubhouse.
RK Nada is a rugby union club from Split, Croatia.
Luis Cacciabue was the first president of the institution.
Their first tournament was the 2008 IRB Junior World Championship, in which they took second place, being defeated by New Zealand 3–38 in the final.
They currently compete in the Malta Rugby Union Championship.
Their full name is Restart-Ceglédi VSE Kék Nefelejcs Rögbi Fight Klub.
Cowbridge Rugby Football Club is a Welsh rugby union club based in Cowbridge, Wales.
The official colours of the club are a combition of dark and marine blue.
England were the most regular opponents for the Other Nationalities team, having played them 15 times.
Te Papapa Onehunga Rugby Football & Sports Club is a rugby union club based in Auckland, New Zealand.
The former clubs were Roath Park RFC and Spillers RFC.
The team regularly plays games against emerging nations like Belgium, Denmark, Netherlands, Germany and Luxembourg.
Clonakilty RFC took the field again in the 1930s when Paul Blewitt, father of former Hon.
OA's has one of the largest mini and junior sections of any rugby club in the country, with ore than 900 youngsters turning out every Sunday.
Old Wheatleyans RFC or Old Wheats is an English rugby union club based in Coundon, Coventry.
They were historically the premier rugby club in Birmingham, reaching the final of the John Player Cup three times in the late 1970s and early 1980s.
Pakistan played their first match as a national team against the BARLA Lions in Dubai, United Arab Emirates.
The club's first team currently play in the Championship, the second tier of English Rugby.
The first XV currently plays in North 1 East.
The 1st XV are currently coached by Garry Horne and John Lathangie.
The broncos go in search of more silverware in the summer of 2012 when they move up to the Premier division.
Rainey Old Boys Rugby Football Club is situated in the market town of Magherafelt, County Londonderry, Northern Ireland playing in Division 2B of the All-Ireland League.
They train and play at St Mary's University, Twickenham.
The German national rugby union team are a national sporting side of Germany, representing them at rugby union.
Birmingham Moseley Rugby Club is an English rugby union club, based in Birmingham, that compete in the third tier of English rugby.
In June 2009, the Southern Kings, a Port Elizabeth based Super Rugby team, was established and is not connected with the former outfit.
The club is based in the town of El Puerto de Santa Maria in Andalucia, Spain.
Miami Rugby Club is a rugby union club in Miami, Florida.
Ireland is also represented by an Ireland A side, which is made up of players from the domestic Irish competition.
Nov 1st vs. Maristas Rugby Club Mendoza U19, home, Lost 15-17
This led to the team being entered into the top division of the new Asian Five Nations in 2008.
Estonia started competing in international rugby league in 2005.
They are referred to as les Chanticleers or less commonly as les Tricolores.
The Scotland A team are the second national rugby union team behind the Scottish national side.
Since the 2014–15 season, the team plays with the name of Real Oviedo Rugby after a sponsorship agreement with the local football club.
Recent former players include Jason Kawau and Hoani MacDonald.
The team plays in the 2nd Rugby-Bundesliga, the second tier of German rugby.
Alnwick RFC is an amateur rugby union club based in the town of Alnwick, Northumberland in north-east England.
Montevideo has been ranked 8th as the oldest rugby union club by the World Rugby Museum of Twickenham.
Dublin City University RFC is an Irish rugby team based in Glasnevin, Dublin.
Samoan players Fia Tootoo and Mateta Kirisome were selected in the International Cup All-Star team.
It is the fourth-strongest team in Oceania after New Zealand, Australia and Fiji.
The clubhouse and grounds are based at the JJ McDowell Memorial Grounds on Station Road, Sutton, Fingal.
The club is a member of the Welsh Rugby Union and is a feeder club for the Ospreys.
Penygraig Rugby Football Club is a Welsh rugby union team based in Penygraig, Wales.
unfortunately the result favoured the home side with three tries to nil.
Caledonia Reds were a Scottish rugby union professional district team who participated in the Scottish Inter-District Championship and in two seasons of the Heineken Cup.
The Honorary Patron in Chief of the club is General Sir Peter Cosgrove, Governor-General of Australia.
Playing three matches, they lost all three, against Japan, Kazakhstan and Pakistan respectively.
The first XV won North Lancs 2 2013/14 and were undefeated in doing so gaining promotion to North Lancs 1, now called Lancashire.
The Lao Rugby Federation is the governing body.
During the past years it went back and forth between Top 14, the highest level of the French league system and the second-level Rugby Pro D2.
In 2009 Morocco won the RLEF Euro Med Challenge.
Their second team play in Nemzeti Bajnokság I.
Crymych RFC is, by Welsh rugby union standards, a very young rugby club.
Ulster "A" competes in the British and Irish Cup.
Midlands Rugby Football Club is a New Zealand amateur rugby team that plays in the ILT Southland Wide Premier Division.
In December 2013 Nilfer Ibrahim took over as the coach of the club.
The club formed in 1929–30 with Dr. Boyle as its first president and originates from the roots of Preston Lodge High School, formed in 1924.
The Zimbabwe national under-20 rugby union team is a junior national side.
The club currently competes in the División de Honor competition, the 1st level of Spanish club rugby.
The club is based on the main roundabout at the intersection of the motorway and the Cork road.
The Manchester Village Spartans RUFC is Manchester and Northwest England's gay and inclusive rugby union football team based at Sale Sports Club, Manchester.
The Solomon Islands women's national sevens team is Solomon Islands national representative in Rugby sevens.
The club competes in and is governed by the True South and USA Rugby.
They withdrew from the SuperLeague in the middle of the 2005 season and forfeited the competition.
The USA Selects is the second national rugby team for the United States, usually used for uncapped matches and domestic club sides.
They are ranked as a tier-three nation by the International Rugby Board.
The union is coached by Lynn Howells and captained by Romanian international Stelian Burcea.
The club's emblem is a Raven and they play in Black and Red.
Penallta Rugby Football Club is a Welsh rugby union team based in Ystrad Mynach in the county borough of Caerphilly.
GURFC was formed in 1869 and is one of the University's oldest student groups, predating the Glasgow University Sports Association, to which it is now affiliated.
They currently do not play in a league.
Kintetsu Liners rugby team are a Japanese rugby union team owned by Kintetsu Corporation which was founded in 1929.
They would return to Pro D2 as runners-up to Lannemezan in 2009.
The Argentina national rugby league team represent Argentina in the sport of rugby league football.
It was Anthony Foley's first season as Head coach.
The team has established itself as a rugby force on both Formosa and internationally, competing in tournaments around southeast Asia.
Soon after, the club opened its memberships to non-Scots.
The team missed out on promotion in the 15/16 season to Mull through points difference.
The St. Louis Bombers Rugby Football Club is a rugby union team based out of St. Louis, Missouri, United States.
Club offices are situated at Kranjčevićeva 4, Zagreb.
Sri Lanka Navy Sports Club is a Division 'A' rugby union team based in Sri Lanka.
Hove RFC is affiliated to the English RFU via the Sussex RFU.
They made consecutive home semifinals in 2011 and 2012, but lost both at Newlands to the Crusaders and the Sharks respectively.
San Luis' main rival is fellow platense club La Plata Rugby Club.
The Uganda national rugby union team are a national sporting side of Uganda, representing them at rugby union.
Hawick RFC are one of the most famous rugby clubs in the world.
The club currently play in National League 3 South West, a level five league in the English rugby union system.
St Mary's College Rugby Football Club is a rugby union club based in South Dublin, Ireland, playing in Division 1A of the All-Ireland League.
The rugby union team currently plays in the Torneo del Litoral organised by the Unión de Rugby de Rosario.
Ayr Rugby Football Club are a rugby union side, currently playing in the Scottish Premiership.
They currently play in the Welsh National League Division Five West and are a feeder club for the Llanelli Scarlets.
The idea came from the concept of the Barbarian F.C..
The club also has a junior section running teams from under 7's through to under 18's and a girls section.
They play at Station Park, St Andrews and field two men's fifteens each weekend, as well as a women's team.
Brussels Celtic RFC is a Belgian rugby club in Brussels.
Rwanda are an associate member of the International Rugby Board, and have yet to play in a Rugby World Cup qualifying tournament.
Although the team hasn't won the MacTier Cup, they were runners up in the 1998 and 2000 season.
Their local rivals are Northern Football Club.
In the 2016-2017 season, they finished in last place, and will be relegated back to Pro D2 for the 2017-18 season.
The ASV Köln Rugby is a German rugby union club from Cologne, currently playing in the Rugby-Bundesliga.
They play their home matches on either the Cummins Farm or Weston's Field pitches, very close to Sixways Stadium.
A former notable player is Matt Cairns who played for England against South Africa in the first test of 2007.
Ian Sanger - Forwards and Conditioning Coach
The second XV, known as the Lions, plays in the Cotton Traders Premier League finishing a close second, having lost only two games in 2016-17 season.
The Russian women's team is one of the strongest teams in Europe and worldwide.
Gilfach Goch Rugby Football Club is a rugby union team from the village of Gilfach Goch, South Wales.
The TRLA will be the driving force behind Tokelau's rugby league development and also allow the game to receive support from the Tokelau government.
The West Indies Rugby League Federation was formed in 2003.
The Camels currently play in Tribute Western Counties West a level seven league in the English rugby union system.
Rugby Union Donau Wien is an Austrian rugby club in Vienna.
They have never won the title but finished runners-up in both 1954 and 1968.
Among the Samoan representatives was a young Aaron Edwards.
The tusks also appear on the country's flag.
Rugby Vila da Moita is a rugby team based in Moita, Portugal.
During the same season the Club also reached the finals of the Middlesex Sevens at Twickenham.
They play in the distinct colours of purple, gold and green.
CAU Rugby Valencia is a rugby union club based in Valencia, Spain.
The Steelers colours are red, white, and black horizontal bands.
Taibach RFC were the winners of the inaugural Glamorgan County Silver Ball Trophy competition during the 1956-57 season beating Skewen RFC.
The Hong Kong national rugby sevens team is a regular participant in the Rugby World Cup Sevens.
A 72-10 semifinal win over Jacksonville secured the Tridents a berth in the State Finals against Naples RFC.
The Diablo Gaels RFC is privileged to have players from various colleges, universities, and secondary schools throughout the United States as well as overseas.
In field hockey, the club is affiliated to amateur Córdoba Field Hockey Federation, where its teams compete.
Llanharan RFC was formally established in 1891-92 when Llanharan was little more than an agricultural hamlet.
Preston Lodge RFC Defeated Dalziel RFC To Win The SHE Bowl At Murrayfield in May 2008.
The club colour is all black, based on the colours of a popular fishing fly called the Connemara black.
Derby Rugby Club is an English rugby union team based in Derby, Derbyshire.
The club prides itself in an open door policy so whether novice or expert all are welcome as the range of teams suits all needs.
In the late 19th century a few young men led by T.J Collen, joined forces to form the Boat Club in Portadown.
Translated, "tala" is teeth, and "valu" is eight.
The team are based in Ayr in Scotland, and they play at Millbrae, Alloway.
As of the 2012/13 season, they play in the First Division of the Campeonato Nacional de Rugby.
The Great Britain national rugby sevens team is the women's Olympic representative team of Great Britain at the rugby sevens tournament at the Summer Olympic Games.
The club enjoys a rivalry with its close neighbour Newport HSOB RFC.
Caldicot Rugby Football Club are a Welsh rugby union club based in Caldicot, Monmouthshire, between Chepstow and the city of Newport in South Wales.
Regbio klubas Lūšis, is a Lithuanian amateur rugby club based in Jurbarkas.
Hunters Hill was formed in 1892, and is amongst the oldest rugby clubs in Australia.
Biarritz play in red and white colours.
The club is located just to the north of Western Cemetery.
Bosnia and Herzegovina have been playing international rugby since the early 1990s.
They play at Sketty Lane, also known as Sketty, in the city of Swansea.
It will be Anthony Foley's second season as Head coach.
 | location    = Pontllanfraith, Wales
Deri Rugby Football Club is a Welsh rugby union team based in Deri, Caerphilly in Wales.
In their first match they played Ireland, losing narrowly.
The Serbia women's national rugby union team represents Serbia in international rugby sevens competitions and is controlled by Serbian rugby federation.
Caerphilly Rugby Football Club is a Welsh rugby union team founded in 1887.
Penallta RFC is a member of the Welsh Rugby Union and is a feeder club for the Newport Gwent Dragons.
The Jamaica national rugby union team represents Jamaica in the sport of rugby union.
They currently play in Nemzeti Bajnokság I.
The East Coast Rugby Football Union is a constituent union in the New Zealand Rugby Union.
The club later disbanded in the 1960/61 season and reformed in 1971 and on November 6 played against local rivals Welshpool.
As an overseas department of France, Réunion can participate in international competition, but not for the Rugby World Cup.
Tennis courts were also built but were disposed of to the newly formed Navan Tennis Club.
The club went into liquidation in December 2016, being given a temporary licence to complete two fixtures in the Championship.
Esbjerg RK is a Danish rugby club in Esbjerg.
Beaconsfield is one of the founding clubs of mini rugby.
It does compete annually in the Africa Cup, and was runner-up to Uganda in 2007.
They were founded in August 2000 as a result of a merger between Stadoceste Tarbais and the senior side of Cercle Amical Lannemezanais.
The Fairfield Yankees Rugby Football Club is a Division III Men's and Women's Rugby Club based in Fairfield, Connecticut.
Their biggest rivals are traditionally Western Province.
In 2009, Rugby Canada decided to disband the RCSL and replace it with a new U-20 league called the Rugby Canada National Junior Championship.
The team is governed by the Estonian Rugby Union, which oversees all rugby union in Estonia.
In 2012-13 they played two World Series tournaments, resulting 13th in China.
An infamous event in the history of Blaenavon RFC was during the final of the Godfrey Jones Cup in April 1926.
The Singapore national rugby union team represents Singapore in international rugby union.
Unión Rugby Almería is a Spanish rugby team based in Almería.
The team currently competes in the Queensland Premier Rugby competition against nine of the states best Rugby Union clubs.
The Rugby League Reserve Team Championship is a rugby league competition for the reserve teams of the British-based Super League clubs.
While many members are former CBHS students, High School Old Boys is an open club accepting both male and female players.
The sport is still amateur in the country, but there are several Czech players who are professionals in France, including Martin Jágr.
Belsize Park Rugby Football Club is a rugby union club based in Central London, England.
Currently the team is eighth in the RLIF World Rankings.
This connection is still going strong today.
Rugby union in Niue Island is administered by the Niue Rugby Football Union.
The club is part of the Banco Hipotecario, the most important mortgage loan bank of Argentina.
Betws RFC is a member of the Welsh Rugby Union and is a feeder club for the Scarlets.
Rugby Club Walferdange, known as 'De Renert', is a francophone rugby union club, based in Walferdange, in central Luxembourg.
Peterborough Lions Rugby Football Club, formerly Westwood RUFC, is an English rugby union team based in Bretton near Peterborough.
The field hockey team plays at tournaments organised by the Buenos Aires Hockey Association.
Liceo play in white, blue and red colours.
IBM Big Blue is a Japanese semi-professional rugby union team in the Top League, founded in 1976 by IBM.
Cal Rugby's home is at 5,000-seat Witter Rugby Field, located near California Memorial Stadium in Strawberry Canyon.
Llandybie RFC play in Division Three West A of the SWALEC National League.
In the 2009–10 season, they finished next-to-last on the league table, in a relegation spot.
They were founded in 1984 and play in the Women's Premiership.
It currently plays in the Welsh Rugby Union Division Five East.
The Newfoundland Rock are a Canadian rugby union team based in St. John's, Newfoundland and Labrador.
The East Germany national rugby union team was the representative side of East Germany in rugby union during the country's existence from 1949 to 1990.
Market Bosworth's local rivals are Hinckley RFC.
In 1982 the rugby section became an independent club and has been known as Club de Rugby Atlético Portuense since.
This article is about the Blackpool club that played in the Rugby Football League from 2005-10.
This model was also officially imported and sold in Austria, France and Germany for a few years.
The Sydney Stars were an Australian rugby union football team that competed in the National Rugby Championship in 2014 and 2015.
However, Navan ended the decade as they had begun, by winning the 1999 final against Ashbourne on a scoreline of 18–10.
The Samoan national Australian rules football team and represents Samoa in the team sport of Australian rules football.
Haverfordwest Rugby Football Club is a rugby union team from the town of Haverfordwest, West Wales.
Wharfedale operate four senior sides and twelve junior teams.
With teams starting from under-9, through to under-19 level.
The Swans are currently coached by England Men's Assistant Coach Garth Nevin
The team was reintroduced and repurposed in 2006.
Before the Top League was created, the team was called Toshiba Fuchu after their location.
The union was to have been liquidated in March 2012.
Rugby Club Krusevac, is a rugby union team from Kruševac, Serbia.
The club is now open to allcomers and competes in RFU Surrey 2, playing home matches at Motspur Park .
Toshiba Brave Lupus is a Japanese rugby union team in the Top League.
The team was founded by a group of patrons associated with country rugby in New South Wales.
The district is home to two more rugby union clubs, RU Hohen Neuendorf and Veltener RC.
They play out of Polokwane at the Peter Mokaba Stadium and draw players from the entire Limpopo province in South Africa.
Bournville Rugby Football Club is an English rugby union team based in Birmingham.
Clarkston RFC is a former rugby union team.
Sri Lanka Army Sports Club is a Division 'A' rugby union team based in Sri Lanka that plays in the Dialog Rugby League in Sri Lanka.
Greece played Slovakia in the Final on 12 May 2007 in Thessaloniki, where they won 20–17 and in doing so gained promotion to division 3C.
The Four Home Unions team's logo was that used by the British Lions, i.e.
The New London County Rugby Football Club is a men’s rugby club playing in the New England Rugby Football Union Division 3.
Of the British universities, Loughborough has unparalleled success, having won the BUCS championship on twenty-seven occasions.
The IURU organizes the Combined Universities Representative Rugby Team which competes annually.
In 2011 the club opened a new, extended clubhouse.
Since 2010, they are an under-20s side, with players selected from the NRL and Holden Cup.
Rugby league is a popular sport in Tonga, and the national team has become one of the best performed nations in the world.
Batumi RC is a Georgian semi-professional rugby club from Batumi, who plays in the Didi 10, the first division of Georgian rugby.
The club is the official rugby team of the Academia Ubuntu.
As part of the 140th season, a fixture known as 'The Skull' was revived, 20 years after it was last contested.
They are governed by the Blue Bulls Rugby Union and are based at Loftus Versfeld Stadium in Pretoria, Gauteng province.
The Romania national under-20 rugby union team is Romania's junior national team in rugby union.
The Pittsburgh Harlequins are an American rugby union founded in 1973.
Dayton Area Rugby Club is a rugby union football club based in Dayton, Ohio, United States.
Ealing Trailfinders Rugby Club is an English rugby union club, located in West London.
Amman United Rugby Football Club is a Welsh rugby union team from the Amman valley north of Swansea.
The 1970s saw the formation of the Youth Committee.
Instead, a Romania national rugby union team, composed mainly of Steaua players, participates every year in the European Challenge Cup as București Rugby.
The individual medical schools also compete against one another in an intra-UHLTC tournament taking place over the summer.
They draw most of their players from the KwaZulu-Natal Province.
The team currently play in BT National League Division 1 and Border League.
Córdoba Athletic Club, or simply Córdoba Athletic, is a sports club from the city of Córdoba, Argentina.
The Ivory Coast national rugby union team, nicknamed Les Éléphants, represents Côte d'Ivoire in rugby union.
The club has won two Premierships; in 1963, and in 1976.
The Hambantota Sharks Sports Club was launched on 15 May 2013 at Cinnamon Grand Hotel, Colombo.
They played at Woodlands Memorial Ground owned by Fylde rugby union club.
Warringah Rugby Club is a rugby union club based on the Northern Beaches of Sydney, New South Wales.
The Olympic Club RFC is a Pacific Rugby Premiership team based in San Francisco, California.
The Team also boast of an elaborate youth development system, with Under 12, Under 14 and Under 16 sides.
Apr State Championship at home, Won 12-9
England Saxons is the current name of England's men's second national rugby union team.
Fundación Aborigen Rugby Club is an Argentine rugby union club from the city of Formosa.
The winner of the 2014-2015 Maughan-Scally final was NUIG who defeated UCD by 07 points to 03 points.
Training nights are Tuesday and Thursday between 7pm and 9pm.
Murrayfield Wanderers Football Club is a rugby union side based in Edinburgh, Scotland.
The senior team usually plays their home matches at the rugby complex at the Estádio Nacional.
They currently play in the DRU Division Two East.
Until 1985, Takapuna was a member of the Auckland Rugby Football Union.
The club is a member of the Welsh Rugby Union and is a feeder club for the Newport Gwent Dragons.
The club's 1st XV play their home games at University Park, in the British Universities & Colleges Sport North Premier B and the Caledonia One.
Llangennech Rugby Football Club are a Welsh rugby union club based in Llangennech in Carmarthenshire, Wales.
Ferndale RFC are a rugby union club based in the Upper Rhondda Fach, Wales.
Before a match, they performed their own "haka", called the Perkhuli.
The club currently fields teams in Men's First Division and Juniors competitions
The club currently competes in the División de Honor de Rugby competition.
The rugby union team currently plays in National League 2 North, the fourth tier of the English rugby union system.
The club is based in Miami on Queensland's Gold Coast.
The club debuted in Fédérale 3 in the 2000-01 season.
The Western Sydney Rams is an Australian rugby union team that competes in the National Rugby Championship.
The club shares its grounds with Clane United FC on the Ballinagappa Road.
When English league rugby began in 1987, Park were placed in Division two, which they won.
In the 'Open Era' of professionalism, West have produced a significant number of players who have progressed to the professional and international levels.
Talywain Rugby Football Club are a Welsh rugby union club based in Talywain near the town of Pontypool, Wales.
Rugby Club Locomotive Tbilisi is a Georgian semi-professional rugby union club from Tbilisi, who plays in the Georgia Championship, the first division of Georgian rugby.
One of the most successful rugby clubs in Tucumán, Natación won the Torneo del Noroeste 7 times.
In 2010 Peru won the South American B Championship played in Medellin, Colombia gaining their first international title.
For the 2013 Series only, the decision was made to select an all-Indigenous team, known as the Indigenous All Stars.
In past years, the club traveled to Berkeley, California for the National Tournament after having taken the Ivy League title.
The England national rugby sevens team competes in the World Rugby Sevens Series, Rugby World Cup Sevens and the Commonwealth Games.
Wanderers were demanding compensation while Lansdowne Road was unavailable and for their clubhouse being knocked down.
Colomiers also competed in the 1999-00 and 2000-01 Heineken Cups, but did not make the finals stages of the tournament.
The final results were Colombia finishing first, Venezuela second, Peru third, and Costa Rica fourth.
The Kazakhstan national rugby sevens team is a minor national sevens side.
They first played in 1971 and have played just 12 games to date, four against the Cook Islands and three against Niue.
Goulburn Rugby Union Football Club is a rugby union club based in the city of Goulburn, New South Wales.
The Spain national rugby league team represents Spain in the sport of rugby league football, running under the auspices of the Asociación Española de Rugby League.
The club also operates an "école de rugby" comprising sides at U-7, U-9, U-11, U-13, U-15 and U-17 levels.
Helsinki Rugby Club is a Finnish rugby club in Helsinki.
The Club's players and supporters are primarily drawn from the Northern Suburbs and Hills District of Sydney.
They are currently ranked 24th in the RLIF World Rankings.
The club was established in 1877 and played under the name of Gosforth Football Club until 1990.
University of Tasmania Rugby Union Club is a Rugby Union club in Tasmania.
The club competes in the PAC Rugby Conference, the Southern California Rugby Football Union, and the Gold Coast Conference of Intercollegiate Rugby.
They presently play in the Wales Rugby League North Wales Championship.
also including teams from under 6s to the under 16s, youth, Bonymaen 2nds and Bonymaen 1sts.
Birkenhead Park Football Club is an English rugby union team based in Birkenhead, Wirral.
Arklow RFC is an Irish rugby team based in Arklow, County Wicklow, playing in Division 2B of the Leinster League.
During this season the young professional side competed as Glasgow Caledonians.
Ireland A compete in the St Patrick's Day Challenge in the USA and in the Amateur Four Nations.
It was founded with five teams in 1997 and was administered by Scotland Rugby League.
Japan have played some international competition since 1994.
The club provides a full range of teams for all age groups and a full female team at all levels.
FC Lourdais is a French rugby union club from Lourdes currently competing in the French league system.
Twenty-eight years later, at the end of season 2003–04, the club found itself promoted to the top division in Scotland for season 2004–05.
Terry Moore and Paul Collins are Irish Rugby Union Internationals who played for Ireland and Highfield at the same time.
 | season      = 2009-10
The team is a Division III club playing in the Carolinas Geographical Union of USA Rugby.
Prior to this they had played matches against touring sides from England and Australia.
They were ranked 5th in World Rugby's inaugural women's rankings and are currently ranked as the second best team in the world.
The England national under-18 rugby union team is the under-18 team of the England national rugby union team in the sport of rugby union.
They play their home games at Stade Laborie-Bernard Laporte, which was inaugurated in 1909.
Oakdale Rugby Football Club is a rugby union team from the village of Oakdale near Blackwood in Wales.
Club Rugby CRC Madrid, also known as CRC Pozuelo, is a Spanish rugby union club.
In that first year, its vice-presidents included five doctors, two clergymen and two ladies!
The senior squad currently competes at Grupo I, the top division of Unión de Rugby de Buenos Aires.
The 2012-13 season saw Glasgow Warriors compete in the competitions: the RaboDirect Pro12 and the European Champions Cup, the Heineken Cup.
The club was founded in 1930 and was elevated to senior status in the province of Munster in 1953.
For more Moroccan stats, news, team results and more visit Morocco's RLEF Page.
Stirling county is currently coached by visionary coach Dave Adamson who models his coaching style on Jim Telfer and Allan Blair.
Olney RFC is a community Rugby Club.
Los Tarcos Rugby Club, is a rugby union team from San Miguel de Tucumán, Argentina.
The club joined the Welsh Rugby Union in 1896, making the club one of the earliest teams from the region to gain membership.
The Tuggeranong Vikings are a rugby union club based in Tuggeranong, Australian Capital Territory.
The Connacht Rugby crest is a modified version of the provincial flag of Connacht and consists of a dimidiated eagle and an arm wielding a sword.
"Open" in this context means that membership was open to anyone, not merely those attending, or old boys from, a particular institution.
The team was named Dynaboars as part of their promotion to the Top League; however, they were demoted at the end of the season.
Jersey Rugby Football Club is a rugby club based in Jersey that competes at the RFU Championship.
The team represents the best Japanese-born players and is selected by AFL Japan from domestic competitions which have been running since 1987.
The team has been competing at the annual World Rugby U20 Championship since it began in 2008, replacing the previously held under-19 and under-21 championships.
Old Wesley won AIL Division 2A in the 2014/2015 season, gaining promotion to Division 1B.
Saracens Football Club  are a professional rugby union team based in London, England.
The SV Odin Hannover is a German rugby union club from Hanover, currently playing in the 2.
Pembroke Rugby Football Club is a Welsh rugby union team based in Pembroke.
RFC Märjamaa is an Estonian rugby club based in the borough of Märjamaa.
Regbio klubas BaltRex is a Lithuanian amateur rugby club based in Šiauliai.
The club is a member of the Welsh Rugby Union and is a feeder club for the Cardiff Blues.
Nicknamed the Pukpuks,, they played their first international in 1966, defeating Vanuatu 47-3.
The present clubhouse was completed in 1971.
The most recent international player is Stefan Yarrow who represented Cyprus In 2017.
The Nauru national rugby union sevens team is Nauru's national Rugby sevens representative.
New Tredegar Rugby Football Club is a Welsh rugby union club team based in New Tredegar.
In 1939, Rosslyn Park inaugurated the annual Rosslyn Park Schools Seven Tournament, which expanded from sixteen schools to 350 in 1996.
Their traditional rivals are the Free State Cheetahs and North West Province Leopards.
However, they were reprieved when Top 14 club Montauban filed for bankruptcy and were relegated directly to Fédérale 1.
Their traditional home kit is Red, White and Black hooped shirt and socks with white shorts, although they did gradually shift to wearing black shorts post-2003.
Old Christians currently plays in Primera División, the top division of local rugby system.
They play at the Stade Pierre-Antoine, which is one of the smallest in Top 14 with a capacity of 11,500.
The team currently fields sides in Division II and Division IV in NERFU.
The Taipei Baboons hosts a variety of visiting clubs and frequently tours the Asia-Region to compete in regional competitions.
At present the club runs two senior sides and a youth side.
Peterhead Rugby Football Club is a rugby union team in Peterhead, Aberdeenshire.
The club operates three senior teams, a ladies side, a veterans team and a full range of junior teams.
The Russia national rugby sevens team competes in the World Rugby Sevens Series and the Rugby World Cup Sevens.
The Tanzania national rugby union team represents Tanzania in international rugby union.
The club has both men's, old boys, women's and junior's teams and also have members of the vintage vikings old boys touring side.
Hutt won in 1931 and 1934, Hutt OB in 1991, and HOBM in 2007 and 2014.
Aberdare RUFC plays in the Welsh Rugby Union Division Two South East league and is a feeder club for the Cardiff Blues.
The club runs seven senior sides and a full range of junior teams.
Herbert Storey, a High Sheriff of Lancashire, was among those who founded the club.
Wrexham Rugby Football Club is a Welsh rugby union team based in Wrexham, Wales.
They currently compete in the Mitre 10 Cup Premiership.
In December, 2007, Costa Rica A & B sides participated in the First Central American Rugby cup.
Apart from rugby, the club also offers other sports like association football, handball and tennis.
Lanús RC is one of the youngest clubs of Argentina.
The team reached the 4th Round but were knocked out by Amersham & Chiltern 15–14.
The club was established in 1922 and is affiliated with the Auckland Rugby Football Union.
Supported by London Scottish, the Hong Kong Scottish team wear the London Scottish badge and share their colours as a mark of the relationship.
Lagos: football and rugby fields with a recreation area.
This date is considered the formal beginning of rugby union in Croatia.
The first XV plays in London 1 North.
The United Arab Emirates Rugby League team represented the United Arab Emirates in the sport of rugby league football.
Banco Rugby Club, conocido usualmente como Banco, es un Club de Rugby de Mendoza - Argentina, localizado en el distrito Buena Nueva - Departamento de Guaymallén.
They currently play in the seventh tier of the English rugby union system, South Lancs/Cheshire 1.
The Irish Schoolboys rugby union team is the national team for secondary school students and under-18 school players in Ireland.
Established originally in 1921 in Prestwich, the club moved to its Tudor Lodge ground in Moston in 1985.
York Wasps was an English professional rugby league club based in York.
The club has experienced major success, winning the UAU Championship six times and the BUSA Championship twice.
Due to the regionalisation of Welsh rugby in 2003 Newport RFC is now a feeder club to Newport Gwent Dragons regional team.
The first floor level has a new snooker room with two full size tables and is available for competitions and social snooker.
It has many mini and junior teams from under-7s upwards, and runs colts and four senior teams.
Pécsi Indiánok SK is a Hungarian rugby club in Pécs.
The English women's national rugby sevens team represents England at national level.
The rugby club is commonly referred to by its shortened name of RUMS RFC or RUMS Rugby.
The 2005-06 season saw Glasgow Warriors compete in the competitions: the Magners Celtic League and the European Champions Cup, the Heineken Cup for sponsorship reasons.
BIWRFC is recognised as one of the leading rugby union clubs in the United States.
The club won the Top East 11 league in 2006–07 and entered the Top League in 2007–08.
The club was founded in 1947 and has won the Hospital Cup for the Queensland Premiership four times.
The 1st XV plays in Division 1B of the All-Ireland League.
Students in the Technion get academic credit for playing in the team.
The Romania national rugby sevens team has competed in the Hong Kong Sevens and it is currently competing in the European Sevens Championship.
Affiliated to the Hampshire Union in the same year, the club quickly became a focus for both sporting and social activity.
Rugby was first played in Loughor in 1882, with evidence of two distinct teams forming in the upper and lower parts of the village.
They are feeder club to the Ospreys regional team.
Launceston Rugby Club are a Cornish rugby club and play in Tribute South West 1 West, the sixth tier of the English rugby union system.
The club, founded in 1902, play their home matches at Parc municipal de Beaublanc.
Stade Rochelais is a French rugby union club who compete in the Top 14.
, is a Scottish rugby union club based in the Giffnock area of Glasgow, which currently plays in BT National One.
Club de Rugby Sant Cugat is a Spanish rugby team based in Sant Cugat del Vallès.
Ruthin RFC presently play in the Welsh Rugby Union Division One North League and is a hub club for RGC, the North Wales Regional team.
The game was a high scoring game with 39 goals scored, Victoria winning 21.11 to the Dream Team 18.12.
During the clubs 25th anniversary they hosted first class team Pontypridd and for their 40th anniversary faced the 'Welsh All Blacks', Neath.
They were members of the Southern California Rugby Football Union and competed in the Senior Men's 1st Division of USA Rugby.
To engage in football free from competition, for the joy of it,
Bristol Rugby is a rugby union club based in Bristol, England.
Stade Rugby Club Wien, also referred to as Stade, is an Austrian rugby club from Vienna.
By the 1950s college rugby in the United Kingdom had become a major influence upon the game as a whole.
Balbriggan RFC is an Irish rugby team based in Fingal County, playing in Division 2B of the Leinster League.
It consisted of players from Australia, New Zealand and South Africa.
This was followed by a tour of Europe in 1888 and 1889 where the team suffered their first Test defeat—to Wales in Swansea.
T.J Collen played for the first County Armagh side against Ulster on 27 November 1880.
Aarhus RK is a Danish rugby club in Aarhus.
In the 1970s expatriates and Tanzanians regularly played in the national team in an annual competition against Kenya.
In 2007, the 2nd XV were Scottish University Cup champions and currently play in BUCS Scottish Division 3A.
They are unrecognised by the Rugby League International Federation as having affiliate status.
It is part of a larger club, the Karlsruher SV, which also offers other sports like tennis and association football.
They currently play in the East Regional League Division Three.
SK Kalve is a Latvian rugby club based in Riga.
In 2008 New Zealand won the World Cup for the first time.
The Paris club won the game 28 points to 23 at Stade de France.
Rugby sevens has grown in Brazil among rugby players.
The club were a great force in the 1920s and 1930s.
Previously called Canada Selects, the team is the second-tier side to the Canada national rugby union team.
The first XV plays in the fifth tier of the English league system — Midlands Premier.
On 4 September 1973 Talywain played an invitational Monmouth team to celebrate the club's 75th anniversary and the opening of a new ground at Emlyn Park.
It was founded in 1906 as a sport club.
The team played in the 2000 World Cup, having defeated the USA to get there.
The team is part of a larger sports club, TuRa Braunschweig, which apart from rugby also offers other sports like athletics, basketball, gymnastics and pétanque.
Its headquarters are sited in Avellaneda, Greater Buenos Aires, while the stadium is located on the km 43,5 of the National Route 2.
It is a spin-off from the Rugby XV club The Istanbul Ottomans R.F.C..
They play in the Top League, the top tier of the Japan's rugby union hierarchy.
Maidstone finished a credible 6th in the league in their first season back at Level 6.
Kenya women's national rugby union sevens team is Kenya's representative in Rugby sevens.
The Wednesbury posts surpass the previous tallest of 110 ft 1/2 in that can be found at the Roan Antelope club in Zambia, Africa.
Bruff Rugby Union Football Club, a rugby union club, playing in Division 2C of the All-Ireland League.
The first interstate match played by Western Australians was against the Northern Territory in 1956, with WA winning the series 2-1.
Wombats RC is an Austrian rugby club in Wiener Neustadt.
Wales have been a core team that has competed in all legs of the IRB Sevens Series since the 2007–08 season.
Bond University entered into a partnership in 2013 with the Gold Coast Breakers team that had played in the Premier Rugby competition since 1997.
Extracts taken from “Rugby Football in Portadown” by D.J Gilpin
Established in August 2013, they are the first and oldest rugby team in Albania.
On June 18, 2008 it was announced that George Gregan, the most-capped player in the sport's history, had joined the club on a two-year contract.
Rhys and Gavin Williams are also with Warrington Wolves Rugby League club playing in Super League.
Civil Service Rugby, mostly known as CS Rugby 1863, is an English rugby union team based in Chiswick, Greater London.
As players move on from junior/youth rugby many other clubs, included premiership teams, have had the benefit of the early development of these players by Pontardawe.
Rugby union in Turkey is administered by the Turkish Rugby Federation.
In 1998 they won the European Challenge Cup, the competition below the Heineken Cup, defeating fellow French club SU Agen in the final.
The grounds are currently located at Chapel Gate.
Blaenavon RFC become Ben Francis Cup Winners against Talywain.
The team had a red and white strip.
Although other sports are practised in the institution, Tucumán is mostly known for its rugby union team.
The team participated in the first French championship final in 1892, and went on to win numerous titles during the early 1900s.
The sport of rugby has only come recently to the country since its independence in 2006.
Kilunda Rugby Football Club, also known as Kilunda or Masaku RFC, is a Kenyan rugby union club based in Machakos.
Subsequently, the NZRU later announced another alteration to the NPC format for 2010 and 2011, which meant the Air New Zealand Cup remained a 14-team competition.
The club currently plays in the fifth tier of English club rugby, participating in London & South East Premier.
The First XV was then a young team bolstered by a number of former top flight players who turned out for Biggy.
MKS Ogniwo Sopot is a Polish rugby club based in Sopot.
Haderslev RC is a Danish rugby club in Haderslev.
Galway Corinthians Rugby Football Club is a rugby club in Galway, Ireland.
The club has recently moved to the Edgbaston Campus of the University of Birmingham.
The senior team presently plays in the Welsh Rugby Union Division Two East league.
Warriors have also competed in the Anglo-Welsh Cup, European Rugby Cup, British and Irish Cup and Aviva A League competitions.
The team qualified to the 2016 Final Olympic Qualification Tournament.
Hobart Harlequins Rugby Club is a Rugby Union club in Tasmania.
Starting with 2016 the RCU also has a women's team playing in the Deutsche 7er-Liga Frauen Süd.
The club is a feeder club for the Cardiff Blues.
The union is coached by Scott Robertson.
The Exiles rugby league team is an international rugby league team that plays in the International Origin series against England.
Nant Conwy Rugby Football Club is a rugby union team from the upper reaches of the Conwy Valley in North Wales.
They play their home games at Dayton Rugby Grounds.
The club runs six senior sides, a ladies team, a colts and under 18s team and a full set of junior teams.
Glynneath RFC are a Welsh Rugby Union club playing in Division One West of the WRU National Leagues.
The Amoskeag Rugby Football Club is a rugby club in Manchester, New Hampshire.
They currently play in Scottish National League Division Two.
Daniel has led the team since 2010 and is a media sensation in his home town of jalalbad.
The club operates three senior sides with the first XV playing in South 1 East, a level six league in the English rugby union league system.
2011 was their first season in league rugby after being accepted to play in the Tribute Cornwall League Two.
Uddingston Rugby Football Club is a rugby union team, based in Uddingston, South Lanarkshire, Scotland.
They competed in the inaugural Pacific Nations Cup alongside Fiji, Japan, Samoa and Tonga.
Fehérvár RC is a Hungarian rugby club in Székesfehérvár.
The President of Treviso Rugby is Amerino Zatta.
Bermuda have thus far not played in a Rugby World Cup, but have participated in qualifying tournaments.
They are governed by the Polish Rugby Union and have been participating in international rugby since 1958.
Penclawdd RFC is a Rugby Football Club representing the town of Penclawdd, Swansea, Wales, UK.
They currently play in the Ukrainian rugby second league.
Its history has seen many of Australia's best players represent the club, including the likes of George Gregan and David Campese.
They are based in Fuchu, Tokyo, as is their local rival Suntory Sungoliath.
The team are new, and made their full international debut at the 2009 Atlantic Cup in Jacksonville, Florida, playing against the USA.
It is not an official national team of New Zealand.
They are governed by the Eastern Province Rugby Union.
Apart from rugby, the club hosts other activities such as aikido, artistic roller skating, basketball, field hockey, football, judo, pilates, swimming, tennis, volleyball and yoga.
Ballincollig RFC also supports a thriving mini rugby set-up.
They were the first Club to win the Swalec bowl in 2009.
In the past Paraguay was regularly the 4th team in South American rugby, behind Argentina, Uruguay and Chile.
Since then Llangennech has had a side that has played in every rugby season since 1885, with only the two World wars breaking the run.
Caerphilly RFC currently play in the WRU Division Two East and are a feeder club for the Newport Gwent Dragons.
However, some Southland representative team jerseys also feature a blue hoop similar to that worn by the senior team in the early 2000s.
The club was founded in 1931 and spent several seasons in the Italy's top tier, the then Serie B.
They are currently affiliated to FIRA-AER, but not yet to the IRB.
Home matches are played at Lane End, Camelford within Cornwall, UK.
It is affiliated with the University of Limerick.
The Chiefs were rewarded with a home final after a strong 2012 season.
Preston Lodge Former Pupil Rugby Football Club are a rugby union side based in Prestonpans in East Lothian, Scotland.
Nondescripts Rugby Football Club is a Kenyan rugby club based in Nairobi.
The state-of-the-art building was completed in 1999.
The Chile national under-20 rugby union team is a junior national team.
Siedlce were promoted from the First Division in 2011-12 up to the Rugby Ekstraliga having finished third.
The Sharks' home stadium is Kings Park.
Samsung Heavy Industries Rugby Club was a South Korean rugby football team in Samsung Heavy Industries.
They currently play in the North 1 West league, the seventh tier of club rugby union.
The first XV currently plays in North 1 East.
In their opening season the Broncos were most memorably known for their celebration of..... 'The Chalky Dance'.
They compete in the European Nations Cup, and are currently in the second division.
Mold RFC have both Mini and Junior sections which run teams from under 7's through to under 16's.
In 1959, Ronnie Dawson also went on to captain the British and Irish Lions.
Valence Sportif was a French rugby union club based in Valence, Drôme.
Blaina Rugby Football Club are a Welsh rugby union club based in Blaina in the county borough of Blaenau Gwent in Wales.
RC Antares is a Ukrainian rugby club in Kiev.
This meant a play off with the winners of Division 1 West, Newcastle Emlyn.
Nov 20th vs. Brevard at home won 37-16
The GLRU also operate a side in the Super Rugby competition, the Lions, who also draw players from Pumas and Leopards.
The Germany national under-18 rugby union team is the under-18 team of the Germany national rugby union team in the sport of rugby union.
The Pacific Islanders is a combined international rugby union team that played from 2004 to 2008.
The team is based in Ichikawa city, Chiba Prefecture in the Kantō region.
It is a member of USA Rugby, Division III Midwest Rugby Eastern Conference, Northern League, and Division III of the Michigan Rugby Football Union.
The Hungary national rugby union team is governed by the Hungarian Rugby Union.
RK Fēnikss is a Latvian rugby club based in the Kocēni Municipality.
The Chile national rugby league team, nicknamed Caciques Chilenos, represents Chile in rugby league.
They also provide rugby training for children and adults with learning disabilities.
Panasonic Wild Knights is a Japanese rugby union team based in Ōta city, Gunma prefecture which plays in the Top League.
They participate in the Pacific Games and regional tournaments.
Rumney Rugby Football Club is a Welsh rugby union based in Rumney, Wales.
Rhyl and District Rugby Union Football Club is a rugby union club in Rhuddlan outside Rhyl, North Wales.
1979 saw the club celebrate its centenary year, and saw the election of international player, Charlie Murtagh as club captain.
They currently play in the North Premier, a fifth level league in the English rugby union league system, finishing 2nd in 2015–16.
The Georgia national rugby league team represented Georgia in rugby league football.
Although losing both of these matches, the Wallaroos took this experience into the 2014 Women's Rugby World Cup.
They currently play in the Campeonato Nacional de Rugby II Divisão.
The team does not play at Rugby World Cups, where each of the nations represents itself.
They won their first trophy in 1944 when they won the Metropolitan League .
At present there are no full-time professional rugby players abroad in any professional competition.
The club is a member of the Welsh Rugby Union and is a feeder club for the Ospreys.
The team is ranked number 92 on World Rugby's ranking as of March 2017.
The USV Potsdam Rugby is a German rugby union club from Potsdam, currently playing in the Rugby-Bundesliga.
The team is a member of Kenya Rugby Football Union and the Kenya Universities Sports Association.
The club was formed in 2003, when the rugby department of the Post SV Berlin left the club.
This rise was the biggest by any international team over the year.
The 1997-98 season is the second in the history of the Glasgow Warriors as a professional side.
With an operating budget of €3.5m they are the second largest club in Russia after VVA Saracens.
The team, created in 1904 to play England in the first ever rugby league international match, was at first made up of Welsh and Scottish players.
The club was a founding member of the Rugby Football Union and were at that time known as the Wimbledon Hornets.
The club also has a Legends team which plays exhibition matches against touring sides.
The club will continue to play its home games at the Madejski Stadium in Reading, Berkshire until at least 2019.
As of the 2012/13 season, they play in the Second Division of the Campeonato Nacional de Rugby.
Each year Newry kicks off the season with a 10 a side tournament based in the beautiful surroundings of Kilbroney Park, Rostrever.
Linna RC is a Finnish rugby club in Hämeenlinna.
RGC 1404, formerly Gogledd Cymru, is a rugby union development team announced by the Welsh Rugby Union in September 2008.
DRU now has nearly 2,500 members in more than 30 clubs.
The Cheetahs consist of a wide range of ages, young teens to veterans, and compete both mixed and single-sex competitions.
The RG Heidelberg is a German rugby union club from Heidelberg, currently playing in the Rugby-Bundesliga.
According to their website, they were founded in 1883, though other sources state 1884.
Italy also competes in the FIRA European Sevens circuit.
They are members of the Welsh Rugby Union playing in the WRU Championship and are a feeder club for the Ospreys.
Oct 24th vs. Florida International University, away, Won 5-40
Nantyffyllon Rugby Football Club is a rugby union team from the village of Nantyffyllon, Maesteg in Wales.
After match entertainment was at the White Hart Hotel.
Traditionally at least one uncapped player is selected for each match.
The late 40’s and early 50’s were a period of slow rehabilitation after the Second World War.
Nîmes were established in 1963 and play in red and green colours.
The Yugoslavia national rugby union team used to represent Yugoslavia at Rugby union until the 1990s.
Bargoed RFC is the hub of its community and has put a lot back into the community of Bargoed and its surrounding towns.
The Royal Kituro Avia Schaerbeek Rugby Club, often shortened Kituro RC, is a Belgian rugby union club currently competing in the Belgian Elite League.
Rugby Club Kochebi Bolnisi is a Georgian semi-professional rugby union club from Bolnisi, who plays in the Georgia Championship, the first division of Georgian rugby.
The nation have yet to play in a Rugby World Cup tournament.
They are based in Catania, they are the only professional rugby union team in Sicily.
Originally established in 1879, the current club was founded in 1969.
The club, with a mainly Protestant membership, was perceived as being "isolated in a zone of working-class nationalism".
They have also scored the most points and most tries in one season, both achieved in 2005.
 | capacity    = 
Dendermondse RC is a Belgian rugby union club currently competing in Belgian Elite League.
The Fiji women's national rugby union team are a national sporting side of Fiji, representing them at rugby union.
The club is a member of the Rugby Union of Serbia.
It is a cosy warm bar with two large screens for sporting events.
Western Vikings currently play their home games at the QEII High School in Peel, Isle of Man.
The Basque Country women's national rugby union team is considered the national team of the Basque Country greater region.
The Belgium national rugby sevens team participates in international rugby sevens competitions.
The union also administers all club rugby within the region, including senior club rugby and school rugby.
The club grounds is located at Forenaughts, 2 km outside the town.
The club is based in Waterloo in the Walloon Brabant province of Belgium.
It was formed in 2009 by the Georgian Rugby Union.
The club fields a team in Men's First Division.
In 1961 Old Penarthians applied for probationary membership of the Welsh Rugby Union and became full members in 1964.
Apart from rugby, other sports practised at the club are field hockey, gymnastics and tennis.
As of the 2012/13 season, they play in the Second Division of the Campeonato Nacional de Rugby.
The official colours of the club are red and white.
Luton Rugby Football Club are a Bedfordshire-based English rugby union team who currently play their rugby in National League 3 South-East.
The club competes in Group East of División de Honor B.
The Barbarian Rugby Club, more commonly known as the French Barbarians, are an invitational rugby union team founded in 1979 and based in France.
Union Sportive Bressane is a general sports club based in the town of Bourg-en-Bresse, France.
Tonga has participated in five Rugby World Cup Sevens.
In 2013-14 they competed in three tournaments, with a best results of 8th at São Paulo.
In 2011 the RNRU produced its first women's international as well as providing the captain of England VIIs.
The Tongan women's national sevens team represents Tonga in Rugby sevens.
Georgia plays every summer in the Rugby Europe Sevens Grand Prix Series.
Brixham Rugby Football Club is an English rugby union team based in Brixham in Devon.
They are nicknamed "The Cedars" after the Lebanon Cedar tree, which is also on the Lebanese flag.
Sefton Rugby Union Football Club is an amateur rugby union team who are based in Liverpool, England.
The official colours of the club are green and white.
The team is the official rugby team of the Faculdade de Ciências e Tecnologia da Universidade Nova de Lisboa at the Universidade Nova de Lisboa.
The Senior men's team currently runs four teams with the top XV squad competing in the Ontario Marshall Provincial division.
The series has been played intermittently since 1984.
Waikato Rugby Union was founded in 1921.
The team currently plays in the Torneo de la URBA Grupo II, the second division of the Unión de Rugby de Buenos Aires league system.
The France national rugby league team represent France in international rugby league tournaments.
The team is recognized as Korea by the International Rugby Board.
Stirling County RFC is a rugby union club in the Scottish Rugby Union based in Stirling that plays in the Scottish Premiership.
The club song, Beautiful Munsters, remembers this victory.
They are members of the Welsh Rugby Union and is a feeder club for the Llanelli Scarlets.
Founded in 1895 as a rowing club, Regatas later developed other sports activities, such as rugby union, field hockey, football and tennis.
The name of the club stems from ancient name of the town and is no way an acronym, as wrongly thought throughout non-Georgian media.
The club is based in Montauban in the département of Tarn-et-Garonne in Occitania.
They formed in 1886 and by 1891 were a strong voice in the Welsh Football Union and were playing in the Rhondda Division.
The Colombia national rugby union team represents Colombia in the sport of rugby union.
The club currently play in South West Premier at the fifth tier of the English rugby union system.
They are the first privately owned professional rugby union team in Australia.
The club currently competes in the Shute Shield competition, and has the most senior premiership titles of all Sydney clubs.
Maesteg Celtic RFC presently play in the Welsh Rugby Union Division Three South West League having gained promotion during the 2007/08 season.
Former Jillaroo Karyn Murphy is currently supporting the team in a mentoring & development role.
Considered to be the pinnacle of schoolboy rugby in Australia, the team plays in fixtures against other national representative schoolboy teams from around the world.
The Mexico national rugby sevens team participates in competitions such as the World Sevens Series and Rugby World Cup Sevens.
It is the only rugby union club in the city of Manchester north of the centre.
In 1993 the club moved to Rome, and in 1998 rejoined the First Division.
Games were infrequently played and the emphasis was mainly on the social aspects being involved with team-sports.
The club plays at Cwmamman Recreation Ground between Garnant and Glanamman; before the coal-mining boom the two towns were a single village called Cwmamman.
The All-Ireland Bateman Cup, played between the Provincial Cup winners, was re-inaugurated in 2005-06, and Constitution have now won six times.
The Guyana national rugby union team represents Guyana in the sport of rugby union.
The club did not compete professionally between 2010-2012 as they focused their efforts on Aironi.
After this the Laotian team did not field an international side again until 2006.
The British Empire XIII was a rugby league football team in Europe that represented the Empire of Britain at the time.
Odder RK is a Danish rugby club in Odder.
The 2015-16 season saw Glasgow Warriors compete in the competitions: the Guinness Pro12 and the European Champions Cup.
Verblitz is a conflation of verde and blitz.
They have produced 221 Queensland and 85 Internationals including 73 Wallaby players over the last century.
It used to be prominent on the club circuit.
The winners of the Six Nations Championship are sometimes unofficially referred to in the media as the European Champions or Northern Hemisphere Champions.
Johnto is president They play their home games at Volunteer Park.
Glasgow Hutchesons Aloysians Rugby Football Club, often abbreviated to GHA and colloquially referred to as G-HA!!
The club participates in many men's and women's sports.
They play their home games at UCD Bowl.
They earned promotion to Fédérale 1 after winning the 2009–10 Fédérale 2 championship.
Nottingham Moderns R.F.C is an amateur Rugby Union team based in Wilford, a suburb of Nottingham, England.
The Bombers are former members of the SuperLeague, the premier league in the United States.
The Warriors rugby union provincial side was created by turning the amateur provincial side Glasgow District into a professional outfit.
To invite promising juniors to play for the club and teach such youngsters the spirit of the game,
RK Čelik is a Bosnian rugby club based in Zenica.
Old Patesians Rugby Football Club is a rugby union club based in Cheltenham, Gloucestershire.
The club is a member of the Welsh Rugby Union, and is a feeder club for the Newport Gwent Dragons.
The first XV were promoted to London 1 South following promotion in 2014 and relegated after two seasons there.
Argentina, Canada, Italy, Romania, the USSR, USA or Japan, or the other two main Pacific nations, Western Samoa, and Tonga.
In 2014, the USARL became the national governing body for rugby league in the U.S.
Contact is closely maintained with the school, and pupils and past pupils are encouraged to play with the club.
The followers of the county side are dubbed Trelawny's Army.
Up until 1995, they side played against touring international sides and went on tours to countries like New Zealand and France.
The Niue national rugby league team represents Niue in rugby league football.
Officially Aughrim Rugby is Ireland's newest rugby club.
The team was first guided and coached by Marty Lusty.
They also contest the Baskerville Shield against England, and play an annual Anzac Test against Australia.
The field hockey team plays at Torneo Metropolitano organised by the Buenos Aires Hockey Association.
Jersey gained promotion by winning National League One and are now in RFU Championship.
The team is named after the House of Welf.
Hurling Club, usually just Hurling, is an Argentine sports club, located in Hurlingham, Buenos Aires.
The club recently played in the English Premiership but will be relegated into the RFU Championship in September 2017.
Enköpings Rugby Klubb - Also known as ERK - is situated in the town of Enköping, which has a population of approximately 40,000 people.
They currently play an annual fixture against NSW Cup Representative Team, often as a curtain raiser to a State of Origin game.
with the first XV currently playing in Durham/Northumberland 1.
The Bradford Bulls Youth Development consisted of three main teams, the Senior Academy, the Junior Academy and the Service Area team.
They are based in Bourgoin-Jallieu in Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes.
The first XV have been promoted to the third tier of the English rugby union system, National League 1 for season 2017–18.
The Abbotsford RFC was founded in 1972.
Tasman Rugby Boadilla is a Spanish rugby team based in Boadilla del Monte.
The Kenya national rugby union team is also known as the Simbas, which is the Swahili word for lion.
The team motto is "To the brave and faithful, nothing is impossible."
They have since returned to Fédérale 1.
The club has won the Kentwell Cup, among other trophies.
The club has three German rugby union championship to its name, won in 1933, 1934 and 1959.
On the 1990 Cup winning team, 13 of the players had started their playing career underage at Navan.
NTT Docomo Red Hurricanes is a Japanese rugby union team owned by NTT DoCoMo.
The Northeastern University Rugby Football Club is a college rugby union team representing Northeastern University, competing in East Coast Rugby Conference and governed by USA Rugby.
Apr 14th vs. Pelicans, away - No score, Miami with 9 players - Finished 2nds
Bedford Athletic Rugby Club is a rugby union team based in Bedford, in the county of Bedfordshire.
The Red Ruggers compete in the East Coast Rugby Conference which is governed by USA Rugby.
The club was founded in 1988 and have played at their current home ground, Hughenden in the West End of Glasgow since then.
Fiji has won the Hong Kong Sevens a record seventeen times since its inception in 1976.
The Buffalo did not participate in the 2006, 2007, or 2008 RCSL seasons.
They draw players from the Cape Winelands and West Coast districts of Western Cape Province, and play out of Wellington at Boland Stadium.
The club is coached by Bruce Beckett.
Since then, the club operates regularly on a semi-pro level.
Gernika Rugby Taldea is a Basque rugby team based in Gernika, Bizkaia which play in the Spanish League.
Padded flooring is often installed around the equipment in order to reduce the likelihood of injury to those thrown off it.
See also Border Reivers for the historical background.
Asociación de Ex-Alumnos del Colegio de La Salle, mostly known as La Salle, is an Argentine association formed by former students of Colegio de La Salle.
Their home ground is Allianz Stadium in Sydney.
The Jamaica women's national rugby union team are a national sporting side of Jamaica, representing them at rugby union.
Founded in 2013, it is one of the newest rugby teams in Greece.
One of the smallest teams in the league, the club is located in the North Yorkshire village of Threshfield.
The team suffered some minor setbacks in not being allowed to play in the Kenya Cup league due to some technicalities.
They are members of the Welsh Rugby Union and are a feeder club for Newport Gwent Dragons.
This was the first J1 Leinster Final contested by the club in 15 years though the J2 team had been in two finals in the 1970s.
The present club was founded in 1920 from a merger between Plymouth RFC and Devonport Albion RFC.
In the 2016 season they played in League 1.
The Tampa Bay Krewe, or Krewe Rugby, are a rugby union team based in the Tampa Bay Area of Florida.
Rossendale Rugby Football Club is an English rugby union team based in Rawtenstall, Rossendale, Lancashire.
The team was first assembled in 1908 for a tour of Great Britain.
They are feeder club to the Ospreys regional team.
The Northern Sharks is a former Fijian rugby union team that had a franchise area coverering Vanua Levu, Taveuni, Ovalau, and Island Zone.
The club runs three senior teams and a veterans side and a full range of junior teams, each of which have their own name.
The Army Rugby Football Club was founded in 1961 and for over 50 years the Army Black Knights have been a leader in USA Collegiate Rugby.
They were founded in 2010 by the merger of Rugby Parma F.C.
As of 18 November 2016, Switzerland is ranked 33rd in the World Rugby Rankings.
In 2009–10, they only received 60% of a full share of Premiership revenues.
The U-20 team has competed at the IRB Junior World Championship and at several IRB Junior World Rugby Trophy tournaments.
Northern Football Club are a rugby union club that was founded in 1875, and is based in Gosforth, Newcastle upon Tyne.
After an absence of three seasons, it intended to participate in the 2013–14 European Challenge Cup, but was forced to withdraw due to financial issues.
Edenderry RFC is an Irish rugby team based in County Offaly, playing in Division 2A of the Leinster League.
It is affiliated to the Munster Branch of the Irish Rugby Football Union.
Founded in 1874, the club has a prestigious history, and it boasts 31 Galbraith Shield titles including a record period of 8 in a row.
The El Salvador national rugby league team, nicknamed El Trueno Azul, represents El Salvador in rugby league.
In 2012, Charlotte Rugby Club started their Senior Women's team.
Sale Sharks is an English professional rugby union club that plays in the English Premiership.
The club was founded in 1910 and they won their first trophy, the Leinster Junior Challenge Cup, in 1914.
The club currently competes in the New South Wales Rugby Union competitions, the Shute Shield and Tooheys New Cup.
Newport RFC are based at Rodney Parade situated on the east bank of the River Usk.
The TV Pforzheim is a German rugby union club from Pforzheim, currently playing in the Rugby-Bundesliga, having won promotion to the league in 2011.
Old Illtydians were formed in September 1928 as Saint Illtyds Old Boys Rugby Club.
Their performance improved in 1997 and the team finished sixth.
The 1st XV won BUCS 1A Scotland again, and are on a four game win-streak against Edinburgh in The Scottish Varsity.
Rugby Club Sitges is a Spanish rugby team based in Sitges.
The club runs three senior sides, a veterans team and a full set of mini and junior teams.
are a rugby union club that is based in Ajax, Ontario, Canada.
Many players have gone on to represent Fife, Caledonia and Scotland at age grade level, with a handful going on to represent professional clubs.
However, it has always been players of all ages.
However, they have been one of the most successful teams in recent history, winning the cup three times consecutively from 2005 to 2007.
They participate in the IRB Junior World Championship.
The club is a member of the Welsh Rugby Union and presently play in the WRU Division Four South West.
Ravens Košice RC is a Slovakian rugby club based in Košice.
Additionally, the team were finalists in 1998 and semi-finalists in 2007 and 2011.
In 1993 when the AIB League was expanded to four divisions to include forty six senior clubs, UCD and four other university clubs joined the league.
Pwllheli Rugby Football Club is a rugby union team from the town of Pwllheli, in Gwynedd, North Wales.
The France national under-18 rugby union team is the under-18 side of the France national rugby union team in the sport of rugby union.
Biggar's most notable player is Scott Lawson.
The club was officially instituted in 1907, but the game of rugby was played in the Royal and Ancient Burgh of Selkirk long before this date.
The club has reputation for an outstanding youth setup and want to create a centre of excellence to push players through the ranks.
New Caledonia suffered some heavy defeats and did not progress into the finals.
Swansea University Rugby Football Club is a Welsh amateur rugby union club based at Swansea University, Swansea.
They played for two seasons but were disbanded after the loss of their playing field.
The Tonga A side became the sole Tongan representative in the PRC from then on.
Blackrock College RFC was founded in 1882 making it one of the oldest senior rugby clubs in Ireland.
In the past the Combined Universities played against all the major southern hemisphere full international touring sides, e.g.
Strathendrick RFC is a rugby union side based in Fintry, Stirlingshire.
They participated in the IRB Women's Sevens Challenge Cup in Hong Kong losing to Spain in the Plate semi-finals, they finished 8th overall.
In the last season 2010–11 Rugby Roma's head coaches were Danie De Villiers and Jaco Stoumann.
Petersfield Rugby Football Club is a rugby union club based in the town of Petersfield, Hampshire, England.
Trebanos Rugby Football Club is a Welsh rugby union team officially founded in 1897.
Senegal have thus far not qualified for a Rugby World Cup, but have competed in qualifying tournaments.
Haywards Heath Rugby Football Club is an English rugby union team.
Despite winning this division more than once, Lebanon will be unable to progress to a higher division until they achieve World Rugby Associate level.
Formed in 1938 by Victor Blick, the team survived the cessation of club rugby in Wales between 1939 and 1945, during the Second World War.
The Ukraine national rugby sevens team is a minor national sevens side.
The team qualified to the 2016 Final Olympic Qualification Tournament.
Their first international matchup was against Great Britain Students Rugby league football club, where they lost 36 to 18.
The India women's national sevens rugby union team is India's national representative in Rugby sevens.
The senior squad currently plays in Grupo I, the first division of the Unión de Rugby de Buenos Aires league system.
It is part of the Railway Union sports club and plays in Division 2A of the Leinster League.
Llandovery RFC is a Welsh rugby union club based in Llandovery, Carmarthenshire, Wales.
Pontyberem Rugby Football Club is a Welsh rugby union team based in Pontyberem, Carmarthenshire.
They have 1st and 2nd Senior team, ladies team the Arklow Amazons, Under 18s Girls, Under 13's, and full mini squads.
The Austria women's national rugby union team are a national sporting side of Austria, representing them at rugby union.
The Tonga national rugby league team is a national sporting side, representing Tonga in rugby league football.
Loughborough Rugby Football Club is a rugby union club in Loughborough, United Kingdom that has been in existence since 1929.
The Glasgow Academical Football Club is the third oldest rugby football club in Scotland.
The Ireland Wolfhounds are the second national rugby union team of Ireland, behind the Ireland national team.
The first team play in North Premier, having been relegated from National League 2 North in 2016–17.
They currently play in the 1 Division National of the Federacion Andaluza de Rugby.
Sede Central: in Parque de la Independencia, it has tennis, hockey and rugby fields, swimming pools and gyms.
The Solomon Islands national rugby union team represent Solomon Islands in the sport of rugby union.
UL Bohemains are sponsored by UL Sport and Canterbury of New Zealand.
The Kazakhstan women's national sevens rugby union team is Kazakhstan's representative in Rugby sevens at an international level.
An unbeaten streak in 2016 has ensured Bargoed finish third after a bad start to the season.
They also have a newly formed mini's section.
The club runs five senior sides and a full set of junior teams.
Battai Bulldogok RK is a Hungarian rugby club in Százhalombatta.
The name and emblem comes from the waratah, the state flower for New South Wales.
Rugby union in the Czech Republic is administered by the Česká Rugbyová Unie.
The Classic All Blacks is a rugby union team made up of former New Zealand Rugby representatives.
Since 2013 the Southern Kings functions on its own, and no more supplies players to the Sharks franchise.
In their first season in charge, Harris and Roberts led Navan to win the Leinster Provincial Towns Cup for 2007.
Heol y Cyw RFC are members of the Welsh Rugby Union and is a feeder club for the Cardiff Blues.
They were the most successful team of the Super 14 era, winning three out of the five titles.
Teignmouth R.F.C is a rugby union club based in Teignmouth, Devon, England
The club is a member of the Welsh Rugby Union and is a feeder club for Newport Gwent Dragons regional team.
Fit World Gorillák RC is a Hungarian rugby club in Szeged.
St Peters Rugby Football Club is a rugby union team from the district of Roath, in Cardiff, South Wales.
The club was established in 1970, and has since won the Italian championship in 2002, and the Coppa Italia three times.
Ulster won the Heineken Cup in 1999, the Celtic Cup in 2003 and the Celtic League in 2006.
The King Country Rugby Football Union is a constituent union in the New Zealand Rugby Union.
Boston Rugby Football Club is a Rugby union club from Boston, Lincolnshire.
Ireland's form has been largely unpredictable due to the availability of experienced Gaelic footballers in its playing pool.
L'Étoile sportive catalane is a rugby union club based in France at Argelès-sur-Mer.
The team includes Jimmy Cowan and Jamie Mackintosh.
As of the 2012/13 season, they play in the Second Division of the Campeonato Nacional de Rugby.
For a list of eminent Old Merchant Taylors' please see Merchant Taylors' School, Northwood#Old Merchant Taylors
Head coach Alun Bevan is well known in South Wales.
They regularly compete in the Asian Five Nations tournament and are currently in Division I.
They regained their status as a second tier club by winning the 2012–13 Championship Division B, after being relegated the season before.
In the 2017 Super Rugby season, the Sunwolves drew an average home league attendance of 13,000.
Before moving to the RDS in 2005, Leinster's traditional home ground was Donnybrook Stadium, in Dublin 4.
In the 2017 Super Rugby season, the Lions and the Stormers drew the highest South African average home league attendance, followed by the Sharks.
The 1st XV currently compete within the RFU English rugby union system, and as of the 2016–17 season they compete in Midlands 4 East.
They were founded in 2009 to compete in the Americas Rugby Championship against other representative teams from Canada, Argentina, and the United States.
The team did not qualify to the 2016 Hong Kong Sevens.
The Stingrays played in the Grand Final in their sixth season in the Premier Rugby competition in 2010.
As of 2015, Chile has not qualified for a Rugby World Cup.
Nigeria played their first international against Zimbabwe on 1 August 1987, losing by 111-12 in Nairobi.
The Balreask Bar is a larger function room which can accommodate up to 400 people comfortably.
They were pooled with Canada, Samoa and Mexico.
There is a modified, less dangerous style used for children's parties, usually with a one-minute timer.
They competed in the Rugby Super League from 2006–2010.
A former captain of the team was Tommy Walsh.
Based in Rome, the senior team competed in the Italian top tier competition, the Super 10.
Philadelphia Whitemarsh Rugby Football Club is a rugby union team based in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, US.
The team has been playing international rugby since the 1960s.
They play in Pool 3 of the Leinster Junior 4 League.
Since 1908 a Queensland representative rugby league team had been assembled from players based in the state to compete annually against New South Wales.
They have competed in the Pacific Games; they finished in 5th place at the 2011 Pacific Games.
The Pacific Rugby Cup was reorganised in 2011, and has since been mainly contested by national 'A' teams.
Worcester Valkyries are a women's rugby union club in Worcester, Worcestershire, England.
Nowadays, Atlético del Rosario is mostly regarded for its rugby union team, having been a founding member of the "River Plate Rugby Championship" in 1999.
Ardee RFC is an Irish rugby team based in Ardee, County Louth.
The club is currently attempting to make a comeback to the professional ranks after having been relegated due to both sporting and financial issues.
The team is coached by Josh Macy.
Seven Sisters RFC is a rugby union club representing the village of Seven Sisters, Wales, playing in the WRU Division 3 South West league.
The team currently fields a 1st XV in the Midlands 5 West League, and a 2nd XV .
The Azerbaijan national rugby union team is the national rugby union team of Azerbaijan.
Hook has since progressed to the full Welsh national side.
Paignton Rugby Football Club is a rugby union club, formed in 1873 and based in Paignton, Devon.
The team has been participating in international competition since 1998.
The Japan national under-20 rugby union team is Japan's junior national team in rugby union.
Founded in 2009, Delta is the newest rugby club taking part in the union tournaments.
It is governed by the Brunei Rugby Football Union
They were founded in 1908 and play in yellow and black.
Aparejadores Rugby Club is a Spanish rugby team based in Burgos.
JBAA play rugby from September through April, running three men’s rugby teams, a women’s team, and Under-19 and Under 16 youth teams.
Aylesford Bulls Ladies Rugby Football Club is a women's rugby union club based in Aylesford, Kent, England.
Gowerton RFC is a member of the Welsh Rugby Union and is a feeder club for the Ospreys.
Rugby Club Balkan Mosquito, is a rugby union team from Belgrade, Serbia.
Young Munster is a rugby union club based in Limerick, Ireland, playing in Division 1A of the All-Ireland League.
It is a member of the Mid-America Geographical Union.
The United Arab Emirates Sevens team are new to the sevens scene.
They are currently coached by Colin Cooper and Ian Foster.
Since then Tonga has played regularly against the Pacific Islands nations and on a less regular basis against nations such England, France and New Zealand.
Bicester Rugby Union Football Club is an English rugby union club situated in Bicester town; 10 miles away from Oxford.
The club’s home ground in the Shek Kip Mei area of Hong Kong is affectionately known as The Rock.
They have been reinstated for the 2006/07 season, with the hope that the stars of the future will progress to the National League Squad.
The Auckland Rugby Union is the governing body for rugby union in a portion of the Auckland Region of New Zealand.
England are the current World Cup Champions after beating Canada in the France 2014 World Cup.
The clubhouse, in High Street Gilfach Goch, has been the club's base for the past 40 years.
Heriot's Rugby club are the only Scottish club never to have been relegated from the first division.
The first games played by Garndiffaith RFC took place in 1922 against local sides such as Caerleon College and Pontypool Quins.
They represent Samoa at the IRB Junior World Championship.
In 2006 Manly celebrated 100 years of rugby.
Suntory Sungoliath is owned by the Suntory beverage company and is one of the Japanese rugby union teams in the Top League.
The club competes in the top level of the French league system, in the Top 14.
The France women's national rugby league team, also known as the Les Chanticleers or Les Tricolores, represents France in Women's rugby league.
The club, located in former East Germany, used to be part of the BSG Stahl Brandenburg, a multi-sports club formed in November 1950.
The team participates in the annual Rugby Europe Championship Conference 2 North 2017–18 Rugby Europe Conference.
The Immortals are considered as ”the undisputed kings of Lebanese rugby league” having won five titles from 11 possible one.
Most of the national team's players play in the local league, however a handful of them play in amateur clubs in the UK and France.
Rugby Club CERN - Meyrin - St Genis are a semi-professional Swiss rugby union club situated on the French–Swiss border, 5 kilometres northwest of Geneva.
Whilst at Cambridge University James Bevan became the first captain of the Wales national rugby union team.
The team includes Stags star Scott Cowan and former Highlander Matt Saunders.
In 2013, 2014, 2015 and 2016 the Blues were captained by Paul Gallen and coached by Laurie Daley.
It competes in the Mitre 10 Cup, the successor to the country's former domestic competition, the National Provincial Championship.
They were also runners-up in 2004 and 2008 against London Wasps and Munster, respectively.
The Cyprus Rugby League Federation was established in October 2011, centered on the Larnaca region of the Island.
Their new Coach is Jack Hanratty who is attempting to revitalize the winning attitude that the team once had.
During its first match in Bar, Mornar played against Nikšić on April 19, 2014.
In 2008 they repeated this feet and added the AIB All-Ireland Junior Cup.
Their home is at Hanazono Rugby Stadium in Higashiosaka, Japan, which was also opened in 1929.
The Lions won the D1 7s National Championship in 2015 & the Red Bull University 7s Championship.
Bracknell Rugby Football Club is an English rugby union team based in Bracknell, Berkshire.
The Taranaki Rugby Football Union are a New Zealand governing body of rugby union in the New Zealand province of Taranaki.
Their nickname, caouecs, is the occitan word for carrots.
The club is a member of the Welsh Rugby Union and is a feeder club for the Ospreys.
Vaasa RC is a Finnish rugby club in Vaasa.
The club presently play in the Welsh Rugby Union Division Five South Central League and is a feeder club for the Ospreys.
They are the newest and 100th member to do so.
They compete in the New South Wales Cup, having exited the National Rugby League following the 1999 NRL season after 92 years of top-grade competition.
The name Rugby Football League previously also referred to the main league competition run by the organisation.
They however play other school's varsity teams and get more assistance from the school as a sports program than Penn State's many club sports.
The Malaysia women's national rugby union team are a national sporting side of Malaysia, representing them at rugby union.
Wadebridge Camels RFC is a rugby union club based in Wadebridge, Cornwall and have been in existence since 1955.
Founded in 1962, Winscombe Rugby Football Club is one of the newest clubs in the south-west of England.
Oct 9th vs. Fort Lauderdale won 16-8
The Māori All Blacks, previously called the New Zealand Māori, is a rugby union team from New Zealand.
They participated in the 2014 Hong Kong Sevens in the World Series Qualifier.
They built a reputation as one of the great clubs in world rugby largely through a series of wins against international touring sides.
The "Havies", as they are commonly known amongst its members, is situated in Colombo and the club's ground is known as Havelock Park.
Since then the Sharks have won the Currie Cup in 1992, 1995, 1996, 2008, 2010 and most recently in 2013.
Recent Players of note who have been part of either the Senior or Youth Teams include Rob Massam, David Blackwell
Players such as James King and Haydn Pugh at the Ospreys and Rob McCusker at the Scarlets.
Players of all ages and abilities are welcome to KNRFC.
The upshot of this title is that in 2017-18, the club will play at its highest ever level, the Level 6 London 1 South.
These Striped Jerseys were the colours of Malmesbury Rugby Football Club, established in 1881.
The County Carlow club was formed, therefore, as "County Carlow Football Club."
The club also operates the full range of junior teams for both boys and girls.
The club forms part of the Erritsø Gymnastik- & Idrætsforening
They play home games at Skillbeck Athletic Grounds.
The club currently play in the sixth tier of the English rugby union system, participating in Midlands 1 East.
The team plays in yellow jerseys with green shorts and green socks.
Post SV Rugby itself had been formed in 1967 as BSG Post Berlin Rugby.
The clubs forms part of the Odder Idræts- og Gymnastik Forening.
The team currently plays in the Torneo de la URBA Grupo II, the second division of the Unión de Rugby de Buenos Aires league system.
They were again promoted to the 2011 IRB Junior World Championship after winning the 2010 IRB Junior World Rugby Trophy.
The Uruguay A national rugby union team are the second national rugby union team behind the Uruguay national side.
Through the Spring of 2010, the Blues have accumulated a first side 15's record of 509-190-14.
Brynmawr Rugby Football Club are a Welsh rugby union club based in Brynmawr in South Wales.
J S McCarthy and Terry Kingston both captained Ireland.
Dinamo Bucureşti is one of the top rugby clubs in Romania.
In 2013, Russia became a full member of the Rugby League International Federation.
The club has been successful in local and national competitions.
The club run three senior teams and a veterans side, the junior section starts at under-7's up to a colts XV.
Former students Richard Hill, John Scott, David Sole and Jeff Squire have all been selected to captain their respective countries.
They are one of the four teams comprising the additional group in the Ukraine Rugby Superliga.
Canterbury RFC is an English rugby union football club based in Canterbury, Kent.
Georgia A matches are usually used as a stepping stone up to Lelos selection.
Founded in 1953, the club is mostly known for its rugby union team.
The Malaysia national rugby union team represents Malaysia in international rugby union.
It is one of the last remaining Belfast rugby clubs not to have amalgamated and still plays at its original ground.
Builth Wells Rugby Football Club is a Welsh rugby union team based in Builth Wells.
For the 2015–16 season Ampthill have agreed a player development programme with Saracens, allowing young players contracted to Saracens to play for Ampthill.
They were founded in 2009 to compete in the Americas Rugby Championship against other representative teams from Canada, Argentina, and the United States.
The team existed prior to 1989 as an intramural sport at the University of Miami competing against local clubs from 1978 to 1994 and beyond.
Australian John Mulvihill was appointed as player/coach in 1998/99.
Founded in 1907, the club plays at the Stadium municipal d'Albi.
It is a member of the Hertfordshire Football Union and the Rugby Football Union.
The Caledonia district still exists: it does not field a side in the Pro12 league, but it does have competitive age grade teams in Inter-District Championships.
Feb 17th vs. Boca Raton, away, won 28-14 - Finished 2nds
The 2nd XV finished 4th in BUCS Scottish 2A as well as reaching the final of the Scottish Conference Cup.
Daniel schrewelius is the most capped player in the squad with 132 caps.
In 2012, they again advanced to the Challenge Cup final, losing to Biarritz, and advanced to the Top 14 final, losing to Toulouse.
As of 2007–2008, the coach is Hiroki Ando.
However, big Top 14 matches along with Heineken Cup games are often played at the Stadium Municipal de Toulouse.
The Ulster Titans was a Northern Irish rugby team based in Belfast.
The senior team currently plays in the Liga Formoseña of Formosa Rugby Union.
the Ghana national rugby league team represents Ghana in the sport of rugby league.
The club emblem is derived from the Chorley Borough coat of arms and the team colours are Black and White hoops.
The Guam women's national sevens rugby union team is Guam's national representative in Rugby sevens.
Other sports practiced at the club include tennis and swimming.
Ceglédi RC is a Hungarian rugby club in Cegléd.
The United States women's Australian Rules football team, also nicknamed USA Freedom represents the United States in the sport of Women's Footy.
Helston RFC is a rugby union club in Cornwall which has been in existence since 1965.
There are 75 associate clubs within this wider Cardiff Blues region including semi professional Pontypridd RFC and the Cardiff RFC Welsh Premiership side.
They play in division 1B of the All-Ireland League.
It was founded in 1921 and is the home of the world's tallest rugby posts.
In 1974 and 1975 the team competed in the County Championship, facing Lancashire, Yorkshire, and Cumbria, twice each over both years.
The club hosts a variety of sports and activities such as baseball, field hockey, roller skating, rugby union, swimming, tennis and volleyball.
In 2009/10 they finished in their highest ever Division 1A league position- 3rd.
The club captain for the 2013-14 season is Dan Evans.
They have not achieved great success in the competition, finishing at the bottom of the table six times.
In their first two seasons they played friendly matches, mainly against Cornish opposition and in 2010 entered the Cornwall Merit Table, finishing 7th.
Many Papua New Guinean players have left the country in order to pursue professional rugby league careers in Great Britain and Australia.
Début seasons for regular starters, 21-year-olds Matt Scott and Grant Gilchrist as well as 19-year-old Harry Leonard.
They placed fifth at the 2002 event in Barcelona, Spain also.
The first XV plays in North 1 East.
Kilkenny RFC is an Irish rugby team based in Kilkenny, County Kilkenny, playing in Division 1B of the Leinster League.
They quickly became one of the strongest Italian sides and won 12 titles between 1951 and 2016.
Sport at the University of Adelaide is primarily organised by the Adelaide University Sports Association.
In the 2015–16 Rugby Pro D2 Season they were promoted after finishing 2nd and winning the playoff final against Aurillac.
After one season in the new league, London Cornish saw improvements, achieving four promotions in seven years.
Penrith Rugby Football Club is an English rugby union team based in Penrith, Cumbria.
London Welsh Rugby Football Club was a professional rugby union club formed in 1885.
The Eastwood club was initially included in the partnership but withdrew prior to the 2014 season.
The Philippines national rugby sevens team is a minor national sevens side.
Since the introduction of the National Provincial Championship in 1976, Wanganui have won the 3rd most Provincial Championship titles, with 9 Championships to their name.
It is a member of the Welsh Rugby Union, and is a feeder club for the Cardiff Blues.
Parramatta Two Blues Rugby is a rugby union club based in the second CBD of Sydney, Parramatta NSW Australia.
The men's 1st XV play in London 2 North West - a league at tier 7 of the English rugby union system.
They currently play in Midlands Premier, a fifth tier league in the English rugby union system.
RC Písek is a Czech rugby club based in Písek.
Since the 2013-2014 season, the club has joined the Unity Cup championship which brings together six other teams from the country.
Mar 17th vs. Olivos at home lost 10-12
The club is based in Bondi in the eastern suburbs of Sydney.
The club is a member of the Welsh Rugby Union and is a feeder club for the Ospreys.
The Alamo City Rugby Football Club is an American rugby union club that is based in San Antonio, Texas.
The club was a result of the merger of ANU and University of Canberra rugby clubs in 1998, with Northern Suburbs joining in 2001.
The club has competed the past few years in France's third division and top amateur league, Fédérale 1.
Buenos Aires Cricket & Rugby Club, sometimes known simply as Buenos Aires, is an Argentine sports club based in San Fernando, Buenos Aires.
Annan Rugby Football Club are a rugby union side based in Annan in Dumfries and Galloway, Scotland.
The club was a founding member of the Tasmanian Rugby Union,.
The field hockey team plays at tournaments organised by the Buenos Aires Hockey Association.
Skive RC is a Danish rugby club in Skive.
Kandy Sports Club is a Division 'A' rugby union team, based in Kandy, Sri Lanka, competing in the Dialog Rugby League.
England U18's Will Allman's home club is Melbourne.
The club disbanded after the outbreak of World War II, and reformed on 28 June 1946.
The competition is played over a weekend and is hosted in turn by one of the member clubs.
The club is sponsored by a gymnasium in the city by the name of Fit World, hence the name.
They currently participate in international tournaments, local tournaments and friendly matches with other Slovak teams.
Macau are a member of the International Rugby Board, and have yet to play in a Rugby World Cup tournament.
First put together in 2007, the team has played Japan three times, English Premiership side Leicester Tigers and 'classic' teams from France and Australia.
Souths Rugby Club, or Souths or grubs is an Australian rugby union club based in Brisbane that currently plays in the Queensland Premier Rugby club competition.
Vitória Futebol Clube is a rugby team based in Setúbal, Portugal.
The Blues are a professional rugby union team based in Auckland, New Zealand who play in the Super Rugby competition.
Laugharne Rugby Football Club is a rugby union team from the village of Laugharne, West Wales.
They are not to be confused with the Aspatria Hornets, the local rugby league team.
UBB drew an average home attendance of 23,689 in the 2014/2015 Top 14 season.
Belgium Barbarians is an invitational rugby sevens team.
At the end of their first season, Charles Hoyer Millar proposed forming a football club to keep the players together during the winter.
It is the oldest team in Austria.
The club was founded in 1900 by former pupils of St. Mary's College, Dublin and was originally known as Old St Mary's.
A pitch was later obtained when a local farmer allowed use of a field in Talgarth, which became the club's home ground.
The Hong Kong women's national rugby union team are a national sporting side of Hong Kong, representing them at rugby union.
The Laos national rugby union team represents Laos in international rugby union.
Main Club Sponsors are Newbrook Group, Green Farms Foods & Shay Murtagh.
Nantyglo Rugby Football Club is a rugby union team from Nantyglo Wales.
Since the 1980s, most New Zealand representatives have been based overseas, in the professional National Rugby League and Super League competitions.
Leading players in that team included Denis Leamy, Stephen Keogh and Frank Murphy, all of whom went on to play for Munster.
The club is a member of the Welsh Rugby Union and is a feeder club for the Ospreys.
Will make their debut at the first Latino Rugby League Sevens on 17 October 2015.
The team currently plays rugby in the London 3 North West league.
The Mayotte national rugby union team represents Mayotte in the sport of rugby union.
The team is one of two Queensland sides in the competition, the other being Brisbane City.
In rugby union, Hindú has become one of the most successful teams of Argentina, having won 16 titles since 1996 to present days.
It remains a club with an all-student committee, and is only open to students of the University of Edinburgh.
The Combined Universities have also played against Australia in 1968 and New Zealand in 1974.
The team has played at the World Rugby U20 Trophy and also competes at the Oceania U20 Championship as of 2015.
The team is the official rugby team of the Latvia University of Agriculture.
Waunarlwydd Rugby Football Club are a Welsh rugby union club based in the village of Waunarlwydd, Swansea.
The team is based at the Hampton Road Sports Ground, on Hampton Road, Warwick.
Santa Fe Rugby Club is a rugby union club in Santa Fe, Argentina.
The same year also saw Homeboyz win the knock-out competition, Mwamba Cup.
The Dinamo Gaz Sud team, as they are presently known, won the 2007–08 Romanian top division title, defeating archrivals Steaua 6–0.
They currently play in Group B of the Ukraine Rugby Superliga.
The team now plays as SG TuS Wunstorf/08 Ricklingen.
They participate in the IRB Junior World Rugby Trophy.
In 2014 and 2015 the club won the finals of DRV-CUP and became CUP-champions for two years in a row.
Navan Rugby Football Club is an Irish rugby union club, based in Navan, County Meath, playing in Division 2B of the All-Ireland League.
Club Universitario de Buenos Aires, commonly known for its acronym CUBA, is an Argentine sports club with headquarters in the autonomous city of Buenos Aires.
The first XV currently plays in Midlands Premier, a fifth tier league in the English rugby union system.
The Valdosta State University Rugby Club is the intercollegiate men's rugby union team that represents Valdosta State University in the USA Rugby league.
The side was formed to play in the 2009–10 European Challenge Cup, consisting of footballers playing in the domestic Spanish leagues.
They again claimed the Fédérale 1 title in 2008 to return to Pro D2.
They are currently playing in London 3 Essex - a league at the eight level of the English rugby union system.
Norway's once-captain and a rare professional player is Erik Lund, who played until 2010 at lock for Leeds Carnegie.
ASC Saint Apollinaire-Talant RC is a French amateur rugby union club based in Saint-Apollinaire, Côte-d'Or on the outskirts of Dijon in Burgundy, in eastern central France.
Miami Rugby players come from all over the globe.
The Denmark women's national rugby union team are a national sporting side of Denmark, representing them at rugby union.
Pontarddulais Rugby Football Club is a rugby union team from the town of Pontarddulais in Wales, UK.
The club is a member of the Welsh Rugby Union and is a feeder club for the Newport Gwent Dragons.
Hackney RFC has five senior teams, playing home matches at Spring Hill Recreation Ground.
It is supported by 5 licensed clubs based in Wanniassa, Greenway, Conder, Chisholm and Narrabundah.
While the link between the two teams is unclear, they both seem to have been founded by former Dublin University players.
It is not affiliated with International Rugby Board or FIRA-AER and therefore it is only allowed to play friendly matches.
The Vikings represent the best Danish born players selected from the clubs of the Danish Australian Football League.
The Ukraine women's sevens team is Ukraine's national rugby sevens representative for women.
The Irish team has been a finalist in all AFL International Cups, winning two.
Their second season saw them finish 12th out of 30 teams, just 2 places off qualifying for the final tournament held in Germany.
They previously won the 2008–09 Anglo-Welsh Cup and the 2009–10 European Challenge Cup.
The 1st XV is managed by Dicky Jones and coached by Paul Alston
The Bosnia and Herzegovina national rugby union team represents Bosnia and Herzegovina in international rugby union.
Ragbi klub Nikšić is a Montenegrin rugby club based in Nikšić.
The organization has also an inclusive plan to encourage down syndrome children to practise the game of rugby, named "Rugby Inclusivo".
1969-1981: 349 Wins, 39 Losses and 5 Ties
Cooks Hill Carlton was established in 1887, making it one of the oldest clubs in Australia.
They made their debut in Super Rugby in 2016.
Portland Rugby Football Club is the oldest rugby club in the state of Maine having been founded in 1969.
They currently compete in the Malta Rugby Union Championship.
Pentyrch RFC is a member of the Welsh Rugby Union and is a feeder club for the Cardiff Blues.
They play their home games at Bootham Crescent where they ground share with York City F.C..
RC Jiki Gori is a Georgian semi-professional rugby club from Gori, who plays in the Didi 10, the top division of Georgian rugby.
The 2nd XV is managed byPete Woods and Alistair Kelly
The U-19 teams in the 1980s had success in the 3rds Towns Cup in 1985 and 1987.
Pentyrch Rugby Football Club is a Welsh rugby union club based in Pentyrch in Wales.
Miami Rugby competes in the USA Rugby South against clubs from Florida, as well as touring Argentine, Uruguayan, British and West Indies Clubs.
Cleckheaton Rugby Football Club is an English rugby union team based in Cleckheaton, West Yorkshire.
Llangefni RFC is a member of the Welsh Rugby Union and is a feeder club for the Scarlets.
The Great Britain National Australian Rules Football team is known as the British Bulldogs.
Kinsale also fields various other teams including Ladies, Veterans, and have underage teams from U-8 up to U-18.
Brynithel RFC is a member of the Welsh Rugby Union and is a feeder club for the Newport Gwent Dragons.
He played professionally for Sale Sharks, in England's Guinness Premiership.
Old Boys & Old Girls Club, simply known as Old Boys, is a Uruguayan sports club from the Carrasco neighbourhood of Montevideo.
The Hungary national rugby sevens team competes in the FIRA European Sevens circuit.
Chippenham has three senior teams, supported by a full set of mini and junior sides.
The B team won the 2017 Nationale B championship.
Llanidloes RFC also fields a youth team.
The current club colours of red and blue came into being in the late 1900s.
In 2012, the Gaels placed third in the Pacific Northwest, losing to Snake River RFC but defeating Oregon Rugby Sports Union.
They have played in the Sri Lanka Sevens and at the Asian Games.
The Papua New Guinea women's national rugby sevens team is Papua New Guinea's national representative in rugby sevens.
The College was founded in 1839 with the first rugby match taking place in 1860 against Exeter Grammar School.
Lindø RSC is a Danish rugby club in Munkebo.
As well as adult men's rugby, there is a women's team called Venus and a very successful youth section called the Millwall Lions.
Western Province currently combines with Boland Cavaliers to compete as the DHL Stormers in the Super Rugby competition.
The club currently play in the Welsh Rugby Union Division One West and is a feeder club for the Ospreys.
They currently play in the KB Extraliga.
Following promotion in the 2014–15 season Sheffield will be playing in National 3.
The Gungahlin Eagles is a rugby union club based in Gungahlin, Australian Capital Territory.
Their first win came in 1983, in a 19-12 win over Niue, for the 7th South Pacific Games.
Their most recent victory was the 1976 competition, they were the first side to win the competition.
Pencoed Rugby Football Club is a Welsh rugby union team based in Pencoed.
Hong Kong Scottish are currently sponsored by business news provider Bloomberg, who have backed the club since the start of the 2014/15 season.
They played a ten-a-side international against Cambodia in 2009, and in 2010 they won a non-test match developmental tournament involving Thailand and the Philippines.
The first team currently play in the third division of the English league system, National League One.
The Missoula All Maggots RFC or the Missoula Maggots are an amateur Rugby football club based out of Missoula Montana.
Islamabad Rugby Football Club also known as the JINNS is a rugby football club from Islamabad, Pakistan.
The side also plays in a Buller/West Coast combined premier league.
The club currently play in National League 1 the third tier of the English rugby union system.
Nowadays, football is practised at the institution with youth and senior competitions for men and women.
Portarlington RFC is an Irish rugby team based in Portarlington, County Laois, playing in Division 2A of the Leinster League.
The First XV is currently captained by Tom Satchwell.The club colours are cerise, white and blue.
The Warriors are Ireland's first primarily gay rugby team although it is open to anyone with an interest in playing rugby and includes heterosexual members.
They compete in the Professional Rugby League, the premier league in the country.
The Croatia women's national sevens team represents Croatia in Rugby sevens.
The junior team is from the Hutchins School.
The team is nicknamed the Tuskers, after the pig tusks prized as currency in some parts of the country.
Finland women's national sevens team represents Finland in Rugby sevens.
SFGG also fields nationally competitive Rugby Sevens squads over the summer.
Broncos won the RLC Welsh Championship in their inaugural season.
Hertford Rugby Football Club is an English rugby union team based in Ware, Hertfordshire.
They finished the current season ranked 4th out of the 8 clubs who took part in the Premier League.
It is our aim to continue to promote this spirit and strive for improvement long into the new millennium.
It is part of the North Kildare Club, which also includes hockey, squash and tennis sections.
The Ghana national rugby union team represents Ghana in international rugby union.
The club are extremely lucky therefore, to have such a fantastic underage setup.
The Sharks are a South African rugby union team that participates in the annual Currie Cup tournament.
The team also competes during European qualifying phases for the Summer Olympics, but failed to qualify for the inaugural rugby seens competition at the 2016 Olympics.
The team resulted sixth at South Africa 2006 and seventh at South Africa 2004.
There are two rugby pitches, changing rooms, a gym, a bar/restaurant and accommodation.
Banbridge RFC is a rugby union club based in Banbridge, County Down, in the province of Ulster.
Existing QRU staffing roles and infrastructure are utilised, and the training base for the team is at QRU's headquarters at Ballymore.
They currently play in Group A of the Ukraine Rugby Superliga.
The Russia national rugby league team represent Russia in international rugby league tournaments and other rugby league fixtures.
They are based in Béziers in Occitania, and play at Stade de la Méditerranée.
The club was formed in 1937 and was based at the school in Hooton, and since 1967, at its present ground.
They are based in Tarbes, the capital of the Hautes-Pyrénées département, in Occitania, and play at the Stade Maurice Trélut.
Greenock Wanderers Rugby Football Club is one of the oldest clubs in Scotland.
Leith Rugby Club, formerly known as Leith Academicals or Leith Accies, is a rugby union club in Leith, Edinburgh, Scotland.
He is of course a big supporter of Aughrim Rugby.
They are based at the Free State Stadium in Bloemfontein.
The club resulted from a merger of the Glen Dhu Rugby Club and the Riverview Rugby Club.
Merthyr RFC are members of the Welsh Rugby Union, playing in the Principality Premiership, and are a feeder club for the Cardiff Blues.
Mitsubishi Dynaboars also known as Mitsubishi Juko Sagamihara Rugby Club, are a Japanese rugby union team based in Sagamihara, Kanagawa Prefecture, Japan.
Sporting Clube de Portugal is a rugby team based in Lisbon, Portugal.
Santa Monica Rugby Club is a rugby union club from Santa Monica, California, United States.
HOBM has produced, or been the home club for, a number of All Blacks.
Vänersborgs RK is a Swedish rugby club in Vänersborg.
The Sydney Rays is an Australian rugby union team that competes in the National Rugby Championship.
Since their formation in 1956, South Shields have played their home games at South Tyneside College a ground known as Grosvenor Road in South Shields.
The Ecuadorian Rugby Federation governs the sport of rugby in the country.
They are the presently members of the Welsh Rugby Union playing in the WRU Championship and are a feeder club for the Scarlets.
Apart from rugby union, the club also hosts football and field hockey branches.
Argentina won the USA Sevens tournament in 2004 and again in 2009.
The senior side represents the best South African born players as selected from clubs and leagues of AFL South Africa.
There has been in existence at least two other clubs in Bridgend throughout the club's history providing local competition.
The club is a member of the Serbian Rugby Union.
Park's acceptance into the elite was signalled when venerable Blackheath agreed to play home and away fixtures in 1909.
The clubs name is a play on Currumbin Alley
The 2013-2014 final was played between UCD and UCC with UCD winning on a 42:07 scoreline.
Nicknamed 'The Baby Broncos' they won 3 out of their 7 games in their opening season.
After the Second World war, Park again led the way with a first international fixture in 1945 against traditional rivals Stade Français.
They played their first sevens international in 2000, and their first test in 2003.
Austria is a third tier rugby union playing nation.
The VfR Döhren is a German rugby union club from Hanover, playing in the Regionalliga North, the third tier of rugby in Germany.
They currently play in the Midlands Premier, a fifth tier league in the English rugby union system.
Chard Rugby Football Club is an English rugby union team based in Chard in Somerset.
The Tahiti national rugby union team is a third tier rugby union team, representing the island of Tahiti in French Polynesia, an overseas collectivity of France.
The club runs up to five senior teams each week, plus a strong Ladies section, and two Colts teams.
Villager FC were scheduled to play against Stellenbosch Rugby Football Club in the first official match at Newlands Stadium after it opened on 31 May 1890.
The warrior logo was formalised into Glasgow's name from this season onwards.
The team was founded in 1984, and spent their formative seasons playing in the Kansai League.
It is one of the traditional powerhouses of the Shute Shield competition, winning 14 titles from 1978 to 1996.
The club are based in Donostia-San Sebastian.
The club has both mini and junior rugby sections and run 60 children strong development groups for those at under 5 and under 6.
The club is based at the Bond University campus on Queensland's Gold Coast.
In the 2006/2007 Season the Colts were overall very successful, equalling the furthest progression in the National Cup by any Cambridge Colts team.
Carl Robinson is head coach with Darren Smith assisting.
A number of Queensland Residents players have gone onto play for Queensland in State of Origin, including Daly Cherry-Evans and David Taylor.
Money was borrowed, a good field was purchased on the Dublin Rd and plans began for a €14,400 clubhouse.
They are members of the Florida Rugby Union, the organizational body for rugby in the state of Florida, and currently play in USA Rugby Division II.
Mini's rugby is from under-6's to under-12's.
Traditionally a predominantly white kit is worn including white shorts and socks.
Up until 2007, the team played in the Super League, but were replaced that year by the Chicago Griffins.
The club has members from Poland, Canada, Russia, France, Spain and even Mexico.
The national sevens team is organized by USA Rugby, and the team has been led by Head Coach Mike Friday since 2014.
Since 2009 they also compete in the Central & Eastern European Rugby Cup along with fellow Czechs Dragon Brno.
They played their first match on 2 May 1989, against France, losing 0-28.
They often lacked players, with a stronger football presence to the north, due to the links to Midlothian and Edinburgh.
Blackwood RFC was established in Blackwood in 1889 and in 1918 gained the status of membership of the Welsh Rugby Union.
The first XV currently plays in North 1 West, a seventh level league in the English league system.
Visitors however drunk pints and were worse for wear very quickly.
Cal reached the finals of the 2010 CRC, losing to Utah in the finals in sudden death extra time, and finished third in the 2012 CRC.
The Club is also affiliated with The University of Queensland and has a relationship with local junior club, the Kenmore Bears.
The Vanuatu national rugby union team represents Vanuatu in the sport of rugby union.
Racing 92 play at the Stade Yves-du-Manoir stadium at Colombes, where the France national team played for several decades.
This room also has a raised stage and is ideal for any function, corporate event or private party.
The club also operates an "école de rugby" comprising sides at U-7, U-9, U-11, U-13, U-15 levels.
One of the oldest rugby clubs in Tucumán, Cardenales won the Torneo del Noroeste 4 times.
Valence were established in 1905, and played in white and red.
Hartlepool Rovers are a rugby union club who play at The Friarage, West View Road in Hartlepool.
Their team colours are green and white and their home ground is Abertillery Park in Abertillery.
Some matches are also held at ANZ Stadium.
Llantwit Fardre RFC is a feeder club for the Cardiff Blues.
Their home ground is Coburg Road, built on land leased from the Duchy of Cornwall.
They are based in Lyon in Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes, and play at the Matmut Stadium de Gerland in Lyon, having moved from the Matmut Stadium in 2017.
The Denmark national rugby league team represents Denmark in the sport of rugby league.
The club runs five senior sides and the full range of mini and junior teams, from under-6's to under-18's.
Played at a neutral venue in Carmarthen, Emlyn won the game and Bony remained in Division 1 West Central for the following season.
The club was founded in 1858 and is the oldest open rugby club in the world since becoming open in 1862.
The club has grown rapidly in recent years, and now has 300 members.
Oberösterreichischer Rugby Sport Club is an Austrian rugby club in Linz.
Founded in 1873, Falmouth have produced two players who have been capped by the England: E J "John" Jackett and Jim George.
The Senior XV presently play in the Welsh Rugby Union Division Four East.
The Union's home ground is Central Energy Trust Arena.
Western Vikings Rugby Club is a rugby union team based in Peel, Isle of Man.
It is featured on the 1, 2 and 5 euro cent coins as well.
The club runs four senior sides, a colts side and the full range of junior teams.
During the 2007–08 season, they managed to reach the final of the Jean-Prat championship and faced a surging US Colomiers side.
The Tasman Rugby Union is the governing body for rugby union at the top of the South Island in New Zealand.
The Public School Wanderers Club is a sports club in the United Kingdom that was formed in 1940 by Charles Burton, a Fleet Street journalist.
Slava Moscow is a Russian rugby union club from Moscow.
The club currently fields a team in Men's First and Reserve Division competitions.
Clonakilty RFC is an Irish rugby club.
The club's colors are black, green and gold.
The club is a member of the Welsh Rugby Union and is a feeder club for the Llanelli Scarlets.
The first XV currently plays in National League 1, the third tier of the English rugby union system.
The Guam national rugby sevens team represents Guam in rugby sevens.
However they were relegated back down to Pro D2 for the 2005-06 season.
Chile is one of the founding members of CONSUR, now known as Sudamérica Rugby, in 1989, alongside Argentina, Brazil, Paraguay, and Uruguay.
It shares these facilities with Christ The King Football Club, Bablake School and other clubs.
For more Dutch stats, news, team results and more visit the Netherlands RLEF Page.
They qualified for the 2013 Rugby World Cup Sevens.
Welwyn Rugby Football Club is an English rugby union club playing in London 2 North West.
Many of the clubs players have represented the club at county or national level.
LLU Sporta klubs is a Latvian rugby club based in Jelgava.
Previous players include back to back Welsh Varsity winning legend Jack Perkins.
The 1990s began well with victory in the 1990 Provincial Cups final.
The Kentwell Cup is the second tier of club Rugby and is a Sydney wide competition.
In the RFU English Clubs Championship, Petersfield has achieved the following outcomes in recent seasons:
The senior team currently play in the Leinster League.
The team has also entered select World Rugby Sevens Series tournaments as wildcrd.
Apart from rugby, the club also offers other sports like tennis, gymnastics and handball.
The Russia women's national rugby union team are the national women's rugby union team of Russia.
The Andorra national rugby union team, nicknamed Els Isards represent Andorra in international rugby union competitions.
Braga Rugby is a rugby team based in Braga, Portugal.
In 2017 Amman UTD won the national bowl in Principality Stadium and also were crowned champions of WRU Division 3B West undefeated.
Suttonians Rugby Football Club is affiliated to the Irish Rugby Football Union.
In 2002, 10 representative players have advanced to Busan Asian Games, setting a record of winning a gold medal in 7 players and 15 players games.
The Vanuatu national rugby league team represents Vanuatu in international rugby league matches.
The team has recently competed in the Battleship Tournament, a national tournament, finishing second only to Louisiana State University.
The Japan women's national rugby union team are a national sporting side of Japan, representing them at rugby union.
Kidwelly RFC are members of the Welsh Rugby Union and is a feeder club for the Llanelli Scarlets.
The club currently plays in South Lancs/Cheshire 1
The Scorpions RFC is an invitation rugby team in East Africa that was established upon principles that have many parallels with the Barbarian F.C.
The Illawarriors are a rugby union franchise based in the Illawarra, New South Wales, Australia.
Up until 2014 the club played in the New South Wales Suburban Rugby Union competition, but currently competes in the Central Coast competition.
Berwick's Sevens Tournament takes place annually in April and the competition is part of the Kings of the Sevens tournament.
RC Rustavi Kharebi is a Georgian semi-professional rugby club from Rustavi, who plays in the Georgia Championship, the first division of Georgian rugby.
The team is also known as the Atlas Lions.
However the jersey usually features some form of red, like red stripes, crosses or chevrons.
Both games were part of the 3rd South Pacific Games.
Canterbury are the current holders of the Ranfurly Shield having won it off Waikato on 28 September 2016 after a 29–23 victory in Hamilton.
The Heidelberger TV is a German rugby union club from Heidelberg, currently playing in the Rugby-Bundesliga.
Nelson RFC also have a thriving mini and junior section, with age groups ranging from U'7's all the way through to U'16's.
The Australian side consists mostly of developing players from the premier competition the National Rugby League, as well as a couple of veterans.
The club was founded in 1865 as Bath Football Club.
They play in Division 2B of the All-Ireland League.
They currently play in Division 2 North of the Swalec League after gaining promotion in the 2012-2013 Season.
The club, which celebrated its 125th anniversary in 2011, has been home to three Southland centurions and a number of All Blacks.
The South African national rugby sevens team is currently the reigning World Rugby Sevens Series Champions in World Rugby.
They currently compete in the IRB Asian Sevens Series.
Igud Sport Akademi Tel Aviv Rugby Club, commonly referred to as ASA Tel Aviv, is an Israeli amateur rugby club based in Tel Aviv.
Centauros Rugby Clube is a brazilian Rugby Union team, founded in 2011 in the city of Estrela in the Rio Grande do Sul state.
The team draws their players from Mpumalanga Province and plays at the Mbombela Stadium in Nelspruit, having previously also played at the Puma Stadium in Witbank.
They have continued to play in the same division until the 2008/09 season when they finished second from bottom and were relegated.
Only four nations have beaten Australia in test matches, and Australia have an overall win percentage of 67%.
The club play their home matches at Cala Park, Falkirk.
Feb 12th vs. Ft Myers at home won 41-7
Rugby Southland is the provincial rugby union who govern the Southland Region of New Zealand.
They are currently playing in Division 2A of the All-Ireland League after two successive promotions.
Known as The Bulls, the club colours are green and black.
They were renamed Ireland Wolfhounds in January 2010.
The team has won the competition in 2003 and 2005.
Lindenwood has also had success in Sevens.
From 2010, Mongolia will compete within the newly introduced Division Four of the tournament, with the possibility of promotion.
It is also used for indoor winter training.
Canada West was one of two national representative rugby union teams from Canada that competed in the North America 4 Series.
The Scotland national under-21 rugby union team was one of several junior national rugby union teams behind the Scottish national side.
The North Sydney Bears are an Australian rugby league football club based in North Sydney, New South Wales.
Switzerland women's national sevens team represents Switzerland in women's Rugby sevens.
They also play against touring sides, and occasionally act as opposition in warm-up fixtures for international sides.
They struggled to avoid relegation for much of the 2008–09 Top 14 season, but a late-season surge brought them to ninth place and safety.
Ben Gollings holds the record for points scored on the Sevens Series with 2,652 points.
The most recent series, the 2017 Test series against the world champions, New Zealand, was drawn 1–1–1.
The club competes in the New South Wales Rugby Union competitions, the Shute Shield.
They were Premiership Division One champions for three consecutive seasons from 2003–04 to 2005–06.
Saracens academy manager Don Barell commented: “Saracens are looking forward to having our young players at Ampthill.
In the 2012–13 season they combined with Tešanj RK.
[For history of Laigh Bent playing fields, see article Hamilton Academy]
The NRC was launched in 2014, reinstating the national competition after an absence of six years.
Connacht Rugby is one of the four professional provincial rugby teams from the island of Ireland.
The club was established in 2010 by a merger of Valence Sportif, founded in 1905, and La Voulte Sportif, founded in 1907.
The Kay Bowen Trophy is the ladies inter-varsity rugby tournament.
They are one of two rugby clubs in the town, the other being rugby league side Wetherby Bulldogs.
They are one of the four teams comprising the additional group in the Ukraine Rugby Superliga.
Bryncethin Rugby Football Club is a Welsh rugby union team based in Bryncethin, South Wales.
The YRFC plays a fall and spring schedule, which includes both a 15s and a 7s program.
Kenya qualified for the 2016 Summer Olympics by winning the 2015 Women's Africa Cup Sevens.
Rhymney Rugby Football Club is a Welsh rugby union club based in Rhymney in Wales.
The team plays at the Slovan football area, and wears black and green, which are the colours of the city of Nové Mesto.
The Tahiti national sevens team represents Tahiti in Rugby sevens.
As of the 2012/13 season, they play in the Second Division of the Campeonato Nacional de Rugby.
They currently play in the KB První Liga.
The Eagles' best seasons to date in the Sevens Series have been the 2014–15 and 2015–16 seasons, where they finished sixth both times.
who they defeated in their last encounter 17-5 at Douglas Valley in 2011.
Iraklis Rugby Club is a Greek rugby club in Thessaloniki.
Apr 17th Regional Championship at home won 23-24
The City of Armagh Rugby Football Club is a rugby union club based in Armagh, Northern Ireland, playing in Division 2A of the All-Ireland League
The late 1980s produced some memorable victories for the club.
The most recent winners of the trophy are Melrose RFC.
Sep 12th vs. Fort Lauderdale, home, won 40-0
Otahuhu have also produced numerous Auckland and international representatives, including 13 All Blacks.
The 1960s and 1970s witnessed regular fixtures between St Luke's College and clubs such as Bristol, Gloucester, Rosslyn Park and Wasps.
Navan beat City of Derry 20–19, Cashel 6–20 and Monivea 40–20.
During the 1940s and 1950s FCB was one of the strongest rugby clubs in Spain, winning a further 10 Spanish championships.
Furthermore, since 1997 it has been running Youth Rugby School and have produced about 100 players, contributing to the development of Rugby.
There is currently no junior section at Bedford Athletic.
They had their first international 9's tournament in 2015 in Australia along with El Salvador in Latin America at the Cabramatta International Nines.
Feb 7th A side vs. Boca Raton at home won 32-3 and B side vs. Palm Beach won 9-7
May 9 vs. Bristol RFC, England lost 28-23
They currently play in the Mälardalsserien along with Uppsala RFC B.
The club was established in 1934 and is a member of the North Harbour Rugby Union.
In 1976 the club won its first senior trophy, the Limerick Charity Cup.
Kirkcaldy Rugby Football Club is a rugby union club from Kirkcaldy, Fife, Scotland.
Costa Rica A came first in this tournament, Panama 2nd, Guatemala 3rd, and Costa Rica B 4th.
Abergavenny Rugby Football Club is a Welsh rugby union club team based in Abergavenny.
The official colours of the club are yellow and blue.
Previously, the Australian team was only referred to as the Kangaroos when on tours of Great Britain or France.
The Denmark national rugby union team is governed by Dansk Rugby Union and has been playing international rugby since 1949.
An unsuccessful five-year spell based at the University of Birmingham followed, during which time they were relegated to National Division Two.
RC National University of Uzbekistan is a Uzbekistani rugby club in Tashkent.
They compete in the Pacific Games and the Oceania Sevens.
The side is a team that is formed every season to play in the Challenge Cup, consisting of rugby players playing in the domestic Romanian leagues.
All their matches have been against other teams from Oceania.
They finished second-from-bottom in the second professional level, Rugby Pro D2, in both 2007 and 2008.
Marist Brothers Old Boys Rugby Football Club is a rugby union club based in Auckland, New Zealand.
Hamlet RK is a Danish rugby club in Snekkersten near Helsingør.
The United States women's national rugby union team represents the United States in women's rugby union.
Phillips won ten caps for his country, his first was against the United States in 1987.
The team has now seen a revival, having largely formed from the Great Britain team, who also represented Wales, Scotland and Ireland.
That Rebels team was the predecessor of the Melbourne Rebels team in Super Rugby and the Melbourne Rising team in the NRC.
The club currently plays in the sixth tier of English club rugby, participating in Midlands 1 West .
In 2006 the club gained Stage 2 accreditation from the same bodies.
A new first team pitch was sown a couple of seasons ago, which now that drainage is installed is ready for use by the first XV.
For more Norwegian stats, news, team results and more visit Norway's RLEF Page.
Their nickname is "The Moufflons" after a kind of horned sheep which is also the republic's national animal, the Cypriot mouflon.
The club currently plays in the sixth tier of English club rugby, participating in Midlands 1 West.
Gorey RFC is an Irish rugby team based in Gorey, County Wexford, playing in Division 1A of the Leinster League.
A Middleweight Barbarian side was also selected in 2011 to play four games.
Santa Monica's top men's team competes in the Pacific Rugby Premiership competition: the top club rugby competition in the United States.
The Keltics were chosen as one of the remaining RCSL clubs to enter the newly formed league.
Finchley RFC currently have four senior men's teams and play their matches in Finchley.
In 1987 the club had victory in the Towns Plate, and in 1988, the Towns Cup was won.
Kelso's Sevens Tournament takes place annually in May and the competition is part of the Kings of the Sevens tournament.
Apart from rugby, the club also offers other sports like association football, gymnastics and handball.
Ubuntu Rugby is a rugby team based in Lisbon, Portugal.
The Ukraine national rugby league team was established in 2007 to represent Ukraine at rugby league football.
Blagnac Sporting Club Rugby is a French rugby union team that currently takes part in Fédérale 1, the top level of the country's amateur league system.
Members of the club are also responsible for training youth players in LA Eserpanza..
Lenca Rugby is a rugby club based in La Esperanza, Intibuca, Honduras.
It plays in Division 1B of the All-Ireland League.
Tampere RC is a Finnish rugby club in Tampere.
The club was founded in 1886, just 1200 years after the city of Ripon itself.
For example, they played South Africa in 2000, the All Blacks in 2001 and Australia in 2006.
The new clubhouse was officially opened in April 2000 by the then IRFU President Bill Lavery.
Spartak GM is a Russian rugby union club from Moscow.
Barbados has also hosted the Caribbean Championship.
They currently play in Mälardalsserien, the second level of rugby in Sweden.
RC Přelouč is a Czech rugby club based in Přelouč.
The Big V has a proud history, dominating the first 100 years of intercolonial-interstate football, and being the most successful state in State of Origin.
They defeated English club Worcester in the final.
Old Christians Club, or simply Old Christians, is an Uruguayan sports club from the Carrasco neighbourhood of Montevideo.
The two clubs still compete at a semi-professional level.
The club currently plays in the RFU Midlands leagues, currently participating in Midlands 3 East.
Karlstads Rugbyklubb is a Swedish rugby club in Karlstad.
The first XV currently plays in Midlands 3 East.
The first match they competed in was on the 24th February 2007, in a game in Tunis against the Tunisia national rugby union team.
Semper Mores Boni, Latin for "good behaviour always", is the motto of the club.
The Kansas City Blues Rugby Football Club fields rugby union teams in USA Rugby Divisions 1 & 3, both based in Kansas City, Missouri.
Cefnethin RFC is a member of the Welsh Rugby Union and is a feeder club for the Llanelli Scarlets.
Tommy joined in 1948 and it remained his life until his death in 1976.
Ballynahinch Rabbitohs are an Irish semi-professional rugby league team based in Ballynahinch, Northern Ireland.
It was formed in 1922 when the South Auckland Rugby Union was split into three.
The team was recently promoted to the top grade.
The New Zealand Under 21's rugby union team was a national representative team for players aged under-21.
The team is an associate member of IRB.
This meteoric rise ultimately culminated in two unsuccessful spells in the English Premiership.
Loughor Rugby Football Club is a rugby union Club representing the town of Loughor, Swansea, South Wales.
The club also has two notable local rivalries with Risca and Bedwas.
The club currently plays in the Division 2B of the AIL League.
Nigel Horton began his career at Kings Norton and went on to represent England.
Selkirk's own Sevens takes place annually in May.
More recently, the team has played for the FORU Oceania Cup.
There are currently over 40 playing and non-playing members varying in all ages.
The Catalonia national rugby league team represents Catalonia in the sport of rugby league football, running under the auspices of the Associació Catalana de Rugby Lliga.
Llantwit Major Rugby Football Club is a Welsh rugby union club based in Llantwit Major in Wales.
Apart from rugby, the club also offers other sports like lacrosse, tennis and field hockey.
From 2016 it plays in the World Rugby Nations Cup.
The Samoa under-20 rugby union team is Samoa's junior national team.
Recent honours include Premiership champions in 1990–91, 2002–03 and 2007–08, cup winners in 2000, 2001, 2005 and 2015.
The First XV were promoted to Division 2A of the Leinster League at the end of the 2015 season, a second promotion in 3 years.
The club colours are green, purple and white.
The Rowdies also play Sevens Rugby in the St. Louis Sevens League, finishing in third place in 2010 and 2011.
As of 2012, they will play in Division IV of the Asian championships, having been relegated from Division III in 2012.
The club left its historic home on the Ormeau Road after a series of sectarian arson attacks, including the burning of its pavilion.
Bonymaen RFC currently play in the WRU Championship and are a feeder club for the Ospreys.
They played their home matches at Netherdale in Galashiels, Scottish Borders.
The New Caledonia national rugby sevens team is New Caledonia's national representative in Rugby sevens.
They are traditionally seen as "minnows", but have not been completely unsuccessful.
The Tonga national under-20 rugby union team competes in the IRB Junior World Championship since its inception in 2008.
The Paris Université Club is a French rugby union club based in Paris.
The Norfolk Blues are a member club of the Virginia Rugby Union, the Mid-Atlantic Rugby Football Union, and the USA Rugby Football Union.
The Luxembourg rugby team is the only national sports team to have been three times champions of their group in a European competition.
The Portland Rugby Football Club is a US rugby union club established in Portland, Oregon in 1961 and is a non-profit organization.
Fleur De Lys RFC is a Welsh rugby union club based in south-east Wales and are a feeder club for Newport Gwent Dragons.
A new clubhouse was opened in 2008 after extensive work projects, providing top-notch hospitality to home and away supporters.
James Alder became Director of Rugby at the beginning of the 2016-17 season, leading the 1st XV to a League and Cup double.
In 2014 Slovenia signed an apparel contract with Impact Prowear for 3 seasons.
Otley Cricket Club is a member of The Airedale & Wharfedale Cricket League.
It was Tony McGahans third season as Director of Rugby.
The majority of the Kangaroos' games since then have been played against Great Britain and New Zealand.
They play in the Pro12 league, the Anglo-Welsh Cup and the European Rugby Champions Cup/European Rugby Challenge Cup.
They currently play in the Welsh Rugby Union Division Three and is a feeder club for the Newport Gwent Dragons.
The official colours of the club are red and blue.
The Scots have competed in five of the Women's Rugby World Cups and have an important role in the rugby world stage.
Tunisia also competes annually the Africa Cup.
It is notable for being one of the twenty-one founding members of the Rugby Football Union.
Manly joined the first grades in 1906, but have roots back to 1884.
They play in the Pro12, as well as competing in the Anglo-Welsh Cup and the European Rugby Champions Cup.
St. Illtyds school was opened in 1924 and therefore had a limited range of 'old boys' to choose from.
In that year the Chiefs earned their first semi-final berth, and in the end achieved fourth place.
Club Athlétique de Saint-Étienne Loire Sud Rugby, CASE Loire Sud Rugby, or simply CASE, is a French rugby union club from Saint-Étienne in the Loire département.
The Armenian national rugby union team has recently begun playing in the European Nations Cup.
The club has a large minis and youth section fielding teams from "Daisy Pickers" 3/4 year old and then from under 6's to under 18's
It was formed after the merging of SK Ovals and RK 1964, also known as Ādažu Čipši and Remus presumably after sponsors.
In 1966 the club were successful in gaining membership to the Welsh Rugby Union and in 1967 they moved to their new ground in Leckwith.
The club plays in the Junior section of the Leinster Branch Metropolitan League.
Kendal Rugby Football Club is an English rugby union team based in Kendal, Cumbria.
Heol y Cyw Rugby Football Club are a rugby union club based in the Heol-y-Cyw, Wales.
He was the only amateur player called and it was announced that he was joining Glasgow Warriors.
Players may hold more than one non-WR nationality.
Hammarby IF Rugby are an amateur Swedish rugby union team founded in the year 2000, currently competing in the Allsvenskan.
The club play their home games at Cadeby Lane and their colours are blue and yellow.
In 2008 the Crusaders hosted the final at AMI Stadium against the Waratahs, and won the match 20–12 to claim their seventh title.
The fixture sees all Streatham-Croydon's teams play against teams from Esher RFC with the club that wins the most matches winning the trophy.
RC Laakdal is a Belgian rugby club in Laakdal.
Mosman won the first Kentwell Cup in 1923 and Mosman continues to compete in Division One of the New South Wales Suburban Rugby Union.
Their ground is located just outside nearby Houghton Regis and is commonly known as Bidwell Park.
The Luxembourg national rugby union team represents Luxembourg at rugby union.
By that time, they had changed their name to the current Provence Rugby, officially announcing the name change on 22 June 2015.
The club's home ground is at Rugby Park in Cornelian Bay, Tasmania.
The club currently fields teams in Men's First Division.
UBC Old Boys Ravens is a Canadian rugby union team based in Vancouver, British Columbia.
The club started out as Old Nottinghamians, a club for former pupils of Nottingham High School.
RK Speed is a Danish rugby club in Kastrup, Copenhagen on the island of Amager.
The first team currently plays in North 1 West, a sixth level league in the English league system.
The Freedom competed in the first ever women's division of the AFL International Cup in Sydney and Melbourne during August, 2011 finishing in 3rd place.
The Blaze's first side competes in the Midwest Rugby Football Union's Division II class.
Birchgrove RFC fields a senior and youth team that often combine as a senior team.
Mullingar RFC is an Irish rugby team based in Mullingar, County Westmeath, playing in Men's Division 2A of the Leinster League and Women's Leinster Division 1.
The club 1st XV compete in the Kenya Cup, while the 2nd XV compete in the Eric Shirley Shield.
Nowadays the Andorran rugby club plays in the French Championship since 1986 after being participated in the Catalan Rugby Championship.
Founded in 1882, Córdoba Athletic is the oldest sports club in Córdoba Province.
Formed in 1890, the club is a member of the Welsh Rugby Union and presently play in the WRU Division Five South Central.
At Dumbreck there is an impressive youth section catering for over 200 local children aged 5 to 17.
In 1877 a game described as the first to be played under rules took place at Philiphaugh.
They presently play in the Welsh Rugby Union Championship and is a feeder club for the Ospreys.
The club currently fields teams in Men's First Division and Juniors competitions.
London Cornish RFC is a rugby union club which was originally formed for Cornish exiles in London, England.
They currently compete in the Malta Rugby Union Championship.
They participated in qualifiers for the 1991 Rugby World Cup, but did not qualify.
They have also been involved in the Central & Eastern European Rugby Cup since its inception in 2008.
Over the years progress on the field was mixed.
In 2014 they won the Clifford Cup, for the first time, defeating Havelock Sports Club, 27–22 in the final.
CSR-Nanok is a Danish rugby club in Copenhagen.
A ramp and a lift is provided for access for persons with accessibility difficulties.
When St Mary's Hospital, London also merged in 1997 the team was strengthened by one of the two most successful hospital sides in London.
The Madagascar national rugby union team represents Madagascar in the sport of rugby union.
The team wear blue and white kits.
The Paisley Hurricanes are an amateur rugby league team.
The club is currently in the West Regional League West Two.
The club have been runners-up in the French championship and the Challenge Yves du Manoir competitions, and have won the Challenge Cup.
They play in Pool 2 of the Leinster Junior 4 League.
The club was first formed in 1871.
Its main stadium is Valence's former ground of Stade Georges-Pompidou, with La Voulte's former home of Stade Battandier-Lukowiak as a secondary hone.
Their ground is located by the M1 motorway just outside Stockwood Park and is called Newlands Road.
The first XV currently plays in North 1 East.
The club is a member of the Welsh Rugby Union and is also a feeder club for the Ospreys.
South Wales Police Rugby Football Club is a Welsh rugby union team based in Bridgend, South Wales.
Initially formed as an offshoot from Penzance and Newlyn RFC the club operated as an independent club.
The trophy is a human skull set between a pair of rugby goalposts.
Hinckley Rugby Club is an English rugby union team based in Hinckley, Leicestershire.
The Czechoslovakia national rugby union team was the national rugby team of Czechoslovakia, before the country was split into the Czech Republic and Slovakia.
Llanharan RFC is a member of the Welsh Rugby Union and is a feeder club for the Cardiff Blues.
Proper internationals began in 1994 when Denmark played an international in England.
It plays in the Kenya Cup, the top-level rugby competition in Kenya.
Combined Country is an Australian rugby union team that was formed for the 2013 British and Irish Lions tour to Australia.
Huddersfield YMCA Rugby Football Club is an English rugby union team based in Huddersfield, West Yorkshire.
The Hamburger SV Rugby is a German rugby union club from Hamburg, currently competing in the Rugby-Verbandsliga Nord, the fourth tier of rugby in Germany.
In 2008, the club won its first major trophy for decades after winning the Enterprise Cup.
Oslo Rugbyklubb is a Norwegian rugby club based in the nation's capital, Oslo.
The Fiji national rugby league team, nicknamed the Bati, has been participating in international rugby league football since 1992.
In 1995, the FCSR was the 11th best club of France.
It came second in the Top East 10 league in 2004-5 and entered the Top League challenge series play-off.
Unfortunately they were grouped with Samoa and American Samoa.
UNCRFC belongs to the Eastern Rockies Rugby Football Union, the West Rugby Football Union and USA Rugby, Division II.
In 2010 they played in the European Shield, losing to Russia and Ukraine.
The Club is affiliated with the Queensland Rugby Union which is one of the member unions of the Australian Rugby Union.
Since 2012, the team has played an annual fixture against the New South Wales Under-20s team for the Darren Lockyer Shield.
The Saxons' head coach is currently Ali Hepher.
They made their debut at the first ever Latino Sevens on 17 October 2015 against Peru.
All matches played against opposition in Division Three South West were declared null and void.
The club reached Towns Cup finals in '70 and '71 but the rest of the decade was lean on the playing field for the adult team.
As of today the club is represented by 95% Guatemalan players.
Its colours are gold and black in a standard design.
The hooker played for Biggar before going on to gain 46 Scotland caps at full international level.
Corpus Christi Rugby Football Club is a member of the Texas Rugby Union, an affiliate of the Western Rugby Union, as well as USA Rugby.
The Mongolian Rugby Football Union, which governs the sport of rugby in the country, was established in 2003.
Kurita Water Gush are a Japanese rugby union team that play in the Top East League.
Lansdowne won the All Ireland League for the first time in March 2013 and also won the Fraser McMullen cup in the same season.
The second tier side the Connacht Eagles competed in the 2015–16 British and Irish Cup.
Billingham rugby club is a rugby union club based in Billingham in North East England, with the club playing their 1st XV matches in North Premier.
Estonia is currently ranked 22nd in the RLIF World Rankings, just behind Latvia and ahead of South Africa.
The New Caledonia women's national rugby sevens team is New Caledonia's national representative in rugby sevens.
The club runs three senior squads: the national league squad, a development squad, and a social squad.
In addition, before South Africa entered franchises into the Super 14, the Free State Currie Cup side competed in the 1997 Super 12 season.
NEC Green Rockets won the All-Japan Championship final for the second time on February 27, 2005, beating Toyota Verblitz 17-13.
It competes in the Empire Rugby Conference at a D1AA level.
They currently play in the Welsh Rugby Union Division One North League.
The previous one began in 2006 and came to an end after the 2007–08 season due to financial issues.
The club was founded by Albert Clement, who had played rugby in the town in the 1940s, and Ray Morgan, who became secretary.
The Fraser Valley Venom are a Canadian rugby union team based in the Fraser Valley, British Columbia.
Waverley has a proud history in the New South Wales Suburban Rugby Union competition having won numerous Grade and Division championships.
Uppsala RFC is a Swedish rugby club in Uppsala.
The rugby team currently plays in the Torneo de Córdoba, the first division of the Unión Cordobesa de Rugby league system.
It is based in São José dos Campos.
Llanelli Wanderers Rugby Football Club is a rugby union team from the town of Llanelli, South Wales.
Apart from rugby, the club also offers other sports like basketball, tennis and badminton.
They compete in the national men's Rugby Ekstraliga and have won it five times.
Aberdeen Grammar School FP RFC, also known as Aberdeen Grammar, are an amateur rugby union club based in Aberdeen, Scotland.
From 2012 till 2015 Aachen played in Rugby-Bundesliga.
It plays in Division 1A of the All-Ireland League and historically has been one of the most successful clubs in Irish rugby union.
Richmond Women, formally Finchley RFC, is a women's rugby union team based in Richmond, London, England.
In 1879 Wanderers were among the founding members of the Irish Rugby Football Union.
Western Force is a rugby union team based in Perth, Western Australia, playing in the international Super rugby competition.
It is currently competing in the European Division 2A and finished 2nd to promoted Netherlands in the 2013–14 season.
The Campbelltown Harlequins Rugby Football Club, known as Campbelltown, is a rugby union club based in Campbelltown, in Sydney, Australia.
Bala RFC is a member of the Welsh Rugby Union and is a feeder club for the Scarlets.
The Howe run teams from Primary 3 level up to under-18 colts level.
The World XV is a rugby union team organised on an ad hoc basis and typically composed of invited players from various countries across the world.
The club was only founded in 1986, but has become one of the best in the Unión Santafesina de Rugby in recent years.
Their home ground is the ASKÖ Brigittenau.
They are currently competing in the Fédérale 3 French championship.
The present club house was built in 1976, and was officially opened by Wales rugby great Barry John.
RC Havířov is a Czech rugby club based in Havířov.
Kenilworth Rugby Club is an English rugby union team based in Kenilworth, Warwickshire.
Old Centralians Rugby Football Club is an English rugby union club based in Gloucester.
The first XV play in the fourth level league of the English rugby union system, National League 2 South.
The rugby union squad currently plays in Grupo II, the second division of the Unión de Rugby de Buenos Aires league system.
The 2016-17 season also saw Dominic Lespierre score 36 league tries to break the previous best of 32 set by Renford Bennet.
The India national rugby union team represents India in rugby union.
They are the oldest rugby club in Denmark.
Charlton Park Rugby Football Club, based at Broad Walk in Kidbrooke, are one of south east London's most prominent rugby union clubs.
The Kettle cup was won in ’95 and retained the year after.
The team is organised and managed by RugbyWA and is based in Perth, Western Australia.
In 1980 the Mini & Junior section was formed.
Suttonians is one of only three Northside Dublin Clubs to have played in the All Ireland Leagues.
Takapuna Rugby Football Club is a rugby union club based in Takapuna, New Zealand.
Originally membership was restricted to people born in Britain, but this restriction was removed by the 1950s.
The Japanese women's national sevens rugby union team represents Japan in international rugby sevens.
United Rugby fields men's teams in Divisions 1 and 2, and Under-20 and Under-18 academy teams.
The side won the Super 14 in 2007, 2009 and 2010, placing them among the most successful teams in Super Rugby history with three titles.
The Galwegians senior side plays in Division 2A of the All-Ireland League, the Irish domestic club competition.
In 1975 Western Australia participate in the 1975 Pacific Cup and 1977 Pacific Cup.
It was Pat Lam's third season in charge of the side.
They represent the Southern Cape and play out of Outeniqua Park in George.
The team play their home games at Almond Park, and currently compete in Scottish National League Division Three, the fourth tier of Scottish club rugby.
The Club fields teams from Mini's, Youth, U20's Juniors, Senior and Vets.
The club is based in Brisbane on Queensland's Gold Coast.
Morocco has participated in the World Sevens, Superleague World Nines, Emerging Nations Tournament and Mediterranean Cup competitions.
Kyuden Voltex is a Japanese rugby team owned by Kyushu Electric Power Co..
Charrua Rugby Clube is a Brazilian rugby union club from the city of Porto Alegre, Rio Grande do Sul.
Through 2005, they also drew players from the SWD Eagles, which meant that they drew players from all three unions in the Western Cape Province.
In the following two seasons, they again reached the final, although they were beaten on both occasions.
Founded in 1968 in the city of Helsingborg.
The club runs three senior teams, a ladies team called the Hornettes and the full range of junior teams.
It fields sides in the BUCS league, and in the third tier of the English rugby union system, National League 1.
The Moldova women's national rugby sevens team represents Moldova in women's rugby sevens.
The club continues to play in the B Division of the Rugby Quebec, winning the C division championship in 2011.
The club colours are red, black and white.
The stadium holds 3,200 spectators and is the first rugby-specific stadium east of the Urals.
It is notable for being one of the twenty-one founding members of the Rugby Football Union.
The Drummoyne District Rugby Football Club is a rugby union club based in Drummoyne, New South Wales, in Sydney, Australia.
The first coach of the Algeria national rugby union team was Morad Kellal.
The club has produced more than fifty Wallabies, including Ben Tune, Daniel Herbert, and Matt Cockbain, and many other representative and professional players.
In 2007 the club successfully applied for funding to install floodlights at their ground.
In 1992 the first National Women's Tournament as held in Newcastle, NSW.
The Cedars then attempted to qualify for the 2008 World Cup but lost their group to Ireland and finally losing the repechage final to Samoa.
In the 1980s the club produced many Wallabies, including the Ella brothers.
The club was established in 1996 and is now one of the largest suburban rugby clubs in Brisbane.
Apr 12th vs. Rhode Island won 24-6 - Finished 1st
The first team was an age grade side, being players under 23 years old, and played between 1958 and 1984.
Burry Port Rugby Football Club is a rugby union team from the village of Burry Port in West Wales.
The Brisbane Irish Rugby Football Club is an Australian rugby union club, based in Brisbane, Queensland.
They were promoted to Caledonia League 1 three weeks later, beating Moray RFC, Caledonia 2 North Champions, 21-0.
West Potomac RFC is the second oldest active men's rugby union team in Washington, D.C. and the 2007 Potomac Rugby Union Division III Men's Champion.
Premiership club Sale Sharks is a professional offshoot of Sale FC.
Belenos Rugby Club is a Spanish rugby team based in Avilés.
The national team was put together after the separation of the Arabian Gulf national rugby union team.
They compete in Division 1A of the All-Ireland League.
The biggest achievement of this young club is the third place that was won at international memorial tournament "Luka Marin" Novi Sad.
These pitches are available to all Highfield teams for training and will ensure un-interrupted training programmes during the winter months.
Belsize Park was a short-lived 19th century rugby football club that was notable for being one of the twenty-one founding members of the Rugby Football Union.
The Indonesia national rugby union team represents Indonesia in rugby union.
Midleton RFC is an Irish rugby union club that plays in Division 2C of the All-Ireland League.
Rugby League in New Caledonia started with the defection of dissatisfied rugby union clubs.
This qualified them for the 2015 IRB Junior World Championship in Italy.
Mounts Bay RFC were a Cornish rugby club formed in December 1999 based in Penzance, England, and who folded in July 2009.
The RFU stated that their place in the league was "untenable".
The club founded in 2004 and it is the most times winner of Greek Championship Rugby Union.
The team plays its home games at Noevir Stadium Kobe.
Harlequin Ladies are an amateur club, and are completely independent of the professional Harlequins team.
In other competitions they have been more successful.
The first XV, known as the Blues.
The club was founded in 1930 by the first leavers of the Surbiton County Grammar.
Manly, known as the Marlins, play their home games at Manly Oval and train at Keirle Park.
The England Under 20 rugby team are the newest representative rugby union team from England.
Coolmine RFC has junior club status in Leinster.
In the 2010 tournament, they made it to the finals beating Chinese Taipei 37 to 7.
The club is a member of the Tasmanian Rugby Union, affiliated with the Australian Rugby Union, and plays in the Tasmanian Statewide League men's First Division.
In 2014, the team was renamed the Coca-Cola Red Sparks.
The team has in the past won both the Spanish League and the Copa del Rey de Rugby.
The CRC is held every June at PPL Park in Philadelphia, and is broadcast live on NBC.
The first XV play in National League 2 North.
The Club's home ground is at Corinthian Park, Cloonacauneen, Co. Galway.
The club is based in Berneau in the municipality of Dalhem near Liège in Belgium.
and the third team play in the Yorkshire RFU 2 Central/North Merit League.
Their first match was surprisingly against the far more experienced and grounded Cardiff RFC at the Cardiff Arms Park.
County Carlow Football Club is a rugby club in Carlow, County Carlow, Ireland, playing in Division 2A of the Leinster League.
The Brigham Young University men's rugby team participates in USA Rugby's Varsity Cup Championship.
They currently play in West Regional Division 1.
Bethesda Rugby Football Club is a Welsh rugby union team based in Bethesda, North Wales.
In 1955, the team gained membership of the Welsh Rugby Union.
Benfica had a player in the Portugal national team, Diogo Gama, who played at 2007 Rugby World Cup.
Bradford & Bingley Rugby Football Club is an English rugby union team based in Bingley, West Yorkshire.
As the name implies, they are based in the Bystrc district of the city.
The Wanderers also run program for all age groups and genders.
The team last competed in Fédérale 2, the fourth division of French rugby.
The Solomon Islands national rugby league team represents Solomon Islands in the sport of rugby league football.
The following year the Australian Women's Rugby Union was established, and it was declared that the national women's team would be called the Wallaroos.
They have yet to make their debut at the Rugby World Cup.
Polisportiva S.S. Lazio Rugby 1927, based in Roma, is an Italian professional rugby union team.
North Sydney are presently in partnership with the Rabbitohs serving as Souths' reserve grade side since 2007.
Belgrano's arch-rival during those years was Alumni, also from Belgrano neighborhood.
Rugby Club Valpolicella is an Italian professional rugby union team based in Valpolicella, which competes in the Serie A.
The club competes in the Kenya Cup as well as the Enterprise Cup.
Norway national rugby union team is a member of the Rugby Europe and plays in Rugby Europe's Conference 2- North Championship.
The club is a member of the Welsh Rugby Union and is a feeder club for the Ospreys.
The Brazilian men's tem finished 6th at the 2015 Pan American Games.
Alnwick regularly field three senior sides, all of which play competitive league and cup rugby.
The team formed in 1992 to play the North London Lions from the British Australian Rules Football League in Denmark.
Whitland RFC are a Welsh rugby union club based in Whitland, West Wales.
They have also competed in a number of South American tournaments and will compete against North American teams in the Americas Rugby Championship.
Founded in 1944 as a rugby club, Cardenales co-founded the Unión de Rugby de Tucumán.
Alongside its men's teams, Waverley Rugby has fielded a women's team since 2002.
Originally formed in 1829 as a state militia company and prestigious social club.
Thailand's women's national sevens rugby union team is Thailand's representative team in Rugby sevens at international level.
Apart from rugby, hockey and football, other disciplines hosted by San Isidro are basque pelota, bowls, golf, squash, swimming and tennis
Both appearances in the finals have seen 12th but notable teams have failed to qualify.
Originally an exclusive club for past pupils of Belvedere College the club became 'open' to all players on 22 April 1976.
The federation is affiliated to Rugby Europe, but not yet to the World Rugby.
RC Kredo-63 is a Ukrainian rugby club in Odessa.
The Netherlands national rugby union team are the national sporting side of the Netherlands, representing them at rugby union.
The Ireland women's national sevens team represents Ireland in Rugby sevens.
The team's highest finish at the World Rugby Under 20 Championship was as runner-up in 2010 after losing to New Zealand in the final.
The Koupreys currently compete in Division IV of the annual Asian Five Nations.
In 1956 the rugby union team was created.
The first team is known as the All Blacks because of the team colours: black with only a white cross pattée as an emblem.
The 'Expendables' play invitational games during the season.
Though they have yet to play in a Heineken Cup, Amatori Catania played in both the 2004-05 and 2005-06 European Challenge Cup seasons.
The clubs senior team plays in the Southlandwide Premier Division for the Galbraith Shield.
Scotland were champions of the 2016 London Sevens.
That name was adopted by the Canberra Kookaburra Rugby Club for the ACT Rugby Union's entry into the NSW Premiership in 1995.
Nakuru Rugby Football Club also known as 'Wanyore' is a Kenyan rugby club based in Nakuru.
The Brazil national sevens rugby sevens team competes in rugby sevens at international level.
The first XV currently plays in Midlands 1 West following relegation from National League 3 Midlands at the end of the 2014-15 season.
The Impalas are members of USA Rugby, and currently compete in Division 1 of the Midwest Rugby Football Union.
Starting with 2016 the franchise was replaced by the winner of local professional rugby championship, Superliga CEC Bank.
As of March 2011 Aughrim Rugbys Schools Partner Program consists of 7 primary schools.
The team resulted second at the 2015 USA Women's Sevens, after defeating Australia in quarter-finals and Russia in semifinals.
The Samoa women's national rugby league team, also known as the Fetu Samoa, represents Samoa in Women's rugby league.
A full history of the club until the end of the 1990s can be found on the club website's history page
Hamilton RFC played in the first official match at Newlands Stadium on 31 May 1890.
They advanced to the NRU Premier Division in 1995, winning it for the first time in 1998 and entered the Super League in 2007.
The New South Wales Country Eagles is an Australian rugby union football team competes in the National Rugby Championship.
Perfected by almost every member of the team.
Pontyclun Rugby Football Club is a Welsh rugby union team based in Pontyclun, Wales.
This resulted in a bitter complaint from the secretary of Oakdale when eight of their players switched clubs.
He also toured with the British Lions to New Zealand and Australia in 1908.
Horden & Peterlee Rugby Football Club is an English rugby union club who play in the Durham/Northumberland 1.
They first started competing in 1979 and they competed in the African qualification for the 2007 Rugby World Cup.
Jan 28th vs. Sun San Carlos at home won 27-20
In 1921 a rugby game was played between the Old Boys and a school XV.
Heriot's Cricket Club is a cricket club based in Edinburgh, Scotland.
For sponsorship reasons they were formerly known as NEC Harlequins, but principal sponsorship is currently held by DHL, Adidas and IG.
It is believed that rugby was played in Tylorstown from 1895, but it was not until 1903 that the club played under the name Tylorstown RFC.
Youth Development system also included scouting for the local area and education for the players in the academy teams.
The club colours are black and white.
The Morocco national rugby sevens team has competed in various international tournaments, including the Hong Kong Sevens.
The Russian national under-20 rugby union team is Russia's junior national team.
The first recorded game took place at Pentyrch RFC, which Taffs Well RFC duly won by two goals, four tries and seven minors to nil.
Rugby Coq Mosan is a Belgian rugby union club currently competing in the Belgian Elite League.
The Wynnum Rugby Union Club, known as Wynnum Bugs, is a rugby union football club located in Wynnum, in Queensland, Australia.
Clermont have been champions of France on two occasions in 2009-10 and in 2016-17.
The club began as the rugby section of the Club Atlético Portuense in 1971, joining the junior and senior leagues in 1972.
The Brumbies play in navy blue, white and gold kits.
Since 2013, it is dominating the European Women's Sevens Championship, winning the trophy four times.
The club currently fields a First XV, Second XV Youth XV and has a Mini & Junior Rugby Section.
The club has grown impressively since launch and now boasts more than 500 members.
Cork Constitution is a rugby union club based in Cork, playing in Division 1A of the All-Ireland League.
The club today fields a firsts, seconds, ladies, youth and junior teams.
Between 2006 and 2010, Tonga was represented by two teams at the Pacific Rugby Cup; Tau'uta Reds and Tautahi Gold.
Felinfoel RFC is a member of the Welsh Rugby Union and is a feeder club for Llanelli Scarlets.
The team currently plays in the Torneo de la URBA Grupo III, the third division of the Unión de Rugby de Buenos Aires.
Their players are selected from Fédérale 1, the French rugby union third division.
They participated in the first three Junior World Trophies, and won it in 2009, but since 2010 they have not qualified.
The Morocco national rugby union team are a national sporting side, representing Morocco in rugby union.
The club play at the Recreation Ground.
The Eagles have set the standard for international competition, leading an ensuing wave of women's rugby growth and game development worldwide.
The Bligh Roosters is a former Fijian rugby union team that had a franchise area covering Tavua, Vatukoula, Ba and Ra.
The NRL All Stars team was a rugby league football team made up of professional players in the National Rugby League.
They play in black and yellow colours and at the Stade Albert Domec.
The Club is administered by a committee of honorary members who are assisted by full-time staff and coaches.
The club's home ground is Bottomley Park at Coorparoo.
The club runs two senior sides, a veterans team and a colts team.
They are governed by Latvijas Regbija federācija and have been playing international rugby since the early 1990s.
Rugby Southland is renowned for producing quality players despite the small population of the province.
Plymouth Albion Rugby Football Club are a rugby union club who play in Plymouth, England.
Auckland also acts as a primary feeder to the Blues, who play in the Super Rugby competition.
St Pats was formed in 1964 and since their elevation to first division have not been relegated.
Cahors Rugby are a French rugby union club.
Greenock Wanderers was formed in 1873, making it one of the oldest clubs in Scotland.
The club is a member of the Welsh Rugby Union and is a feeder club for the Newport Gwent Dragons.
The club is a member of the Welsh Rugby Union and is a feeder club for the Newport Gwent Dragons.
In 1978, after their first relegation, the club were de facto discontinued although never officially disbanded and in 1985 were re-formed in Milan.
The team currently competes in Division 3 of the Asian Rugby Championship.
Referee Steve Walsh in charge of the game.
The team has played numerous matches against the Canadian Northern Lights in both the USA and Canada.
Formerly known as Penzance & Newlyn RFU, the Cornish Pirates play and train at their home ground, the Mennaye Field in Penzance.
It was founded in 1957, and is based on the grounds of the Douglas Hospital in Verdun.
Known as The Red Men, the club colours are red and white.
The Hungary national rugby league team represents Hungary in the sport of rugby league football.
Howe of Fife RFC is a rugby union club based in Cupar, Fife, Scotland and is part of the Scottish Rugby Union.
They currently play in Nemzeti Bajnokság II.
The management committee consists of the chairman and a nine-man sitting committee who run the affairs of the club.
The rugby union team is member of the Unión de Rugby de Cuyo and currently plays in Torneo del Oeste league.
The club currently fields Men's teams in Midwest Divisions III & IV and a Women's team in the Midwest Division II.
Club de Rugby La Vila is a Spanish rugby team based in Villajoyosa, Spain.
The first team currently plays in London 1 North.
The club runs six senior teams and a ladies side as well as the full range of junior teams.
The Waves played in the Shute Shield competition in 2006, based out of the Bluetongue Central Coast Stadium.
RK Zagreb is a rugby union club from Zagreb, Croatia.
Funding for the project would come from a mix of land sale and fund raising.
They are currently competing in Fédérale 1, having been relegated from Rugby Pro D2 at the end of the 2010–11 season.
Tecnologia is a rugby team based in Lisbon, Portugal.
It is controlled by the Kazakhstan Rugby Union and represents Kazakhstan in the sport of Rugby Union.
In 2011, the union celebrated its 125th Jubilee.
Jan 22nd vs. Iron Horse at Home.
They play their home games at Poynder Park, Kelso in the Scottish Borders.
Birmingham and Solihull Rugby Football Club are a rugby union club representing Birmingham and Solihull.
The club colours are green, white and blue with black shorts.
It was originally known as the Combined Old Boys Rugby Association.
The team also unsuccessfully took part in the 2013 Rugby World Cup Sevens qualifying tournament in Moscow in July 2012.
Tylorstown Rugby Football Club is a rugby union team from the village of Tylorstown, Wales.
Promotion was confirmed when Zylon McGaffin on his final appearance for the club scored a try in the 3rd-minute of added time.
The first team play in North Premier, a fifth level league in the English league system.
The team competed in all four editions of the Under 19 Rugby World Championship, winning the title in 2006, and finishing third in 2005 and 2007.
It was held in 2013-2014 in the UCD grounds in Belfield with 4 sides competing.
Current holders of the trophy are Melrose RFC.
Aughrim Rugby was officially founded on February 3, 2011 in Aughrim, County Wicklow, Ireland.
They earned their most recent promotion as 2011 Fédérale 1 champions, but the club also won 11 Top 14 titles since his establishment in 1911.
The Latvia national rugby union team represents Latvia at the sport of rugby union.
They currently play in Cornwall League 1, following promotion from Cornwall League 2 in 2005–06.
Exiles RUFC is a Danish rugby club in Lundtofte.
They are considered to be a third tier rugby union nation by World Rugby, the international governing body for the sport of rugby union.
The Rays drew players mainly from four Shute Shield clubs; Gordon, Manly, Northern Suburbs, and Warringah.
The Lithuania national rugby union team represents Lithuania at rugby union.
Athboy RFC is an Irish rugby team based in Athboy, County Meath, playing in Division 3 of the Leinster League.
At the end of the 2013-2014 season, the club was relegated to the amateur Fédérale 1.
Richmond Football Club is a rugby union club from Richmond, London.
The Bahamas women's national rugby union team are a national sporting side of the Bahamas, representing them at rugby union.
In recent seasons, the club has not fielded a team in competitive senior rugby.
There are over 150+ registered junior players, 20+ youth and 60+ senior players.
The Iran women's national rugby union sevens team represents Iran in women's rugby sevens.
Pingvin RC is a Swedish rugby club in Trelleborg.
Sandbach RUFC is a rugby union team based in the Cheshire town of Sandbach.
Their uniform is red and white stripes.
In the club's 140th season the Surrey 4 league title was won following only one defeat and the club were promoted to Surrey 3.
As of the 2012/13 season, they play in the Second Division of the Campeonato Nacional de Rugby.
Eastern Suburbs Rugby Union Football Club Inc. is a Rugby Union club in Tasmania.
There is an extensive junior section consisting of Under 16, Under 14, Under 13, Under 12, Under 11, Under 10, Under 9 and Under 8 teams.
Hove Rugby Club is based at Hove Recreation Ground in Shirley Drive Hove.
Promoted in 2012–13 and 2014–15 as the champions of National League 2 South, Henley have spent the last four seasons, either promoted or relegated.
The team performs the Siva tau before each game.
Its home venue is the Broughton Cricket & Rugby Club pitch on Yew Street.
Adam Roxburgh took over as a head coach at Kelso from 2015.
İstanbul Ottomans are the first ever Turkish rugby union team, having been established in 1999.
In October 2013, Monaco ranked 91st out of 100 national teams according to the International Rugby Board.
They also jointly run the Gloucester-Hartpury Women team in Women's Super Rugby.
CYM RFC is an Irish rugby team based in Terenure, Dublin who play in the Leinster Metro League.
The club plays in the Queensland Premier Rugby competition, and fields teams for males and females in several other grades and age-group competitions.
They had their first international 9's tournament in 2015 in Australia along with Chile in Latin America at the Cabramatta International Nines.
For all intents and purposes, they are the "New Zealand A" team.
The franchise area encompasses the western half of the Free State province, the same as that of provincial Currie Cup side the Free State Cheetahs.
They currently play at Stade Maurice David and wear black.
Their debut match was held on 24 November 2013 against Air Force SC at the newly constructed Beliatta National Stadium.
The club colours are pink and dark blue.
In May 2013 Toulon won the 2013 Heineken Cup Final by 16–15 against Clermont Auvergne, and lost the Top 14 Final against Castres in June.
A new stadium has been built with games being played under lights.
RC Frameries is a Belgian rugby union club currently competing in the Belgian Elite League.
The club played their games in The Showgrounds but disbanded in the early 1900s.
The Brussels Barbarians Rugby Football Club are a Rugby Union club in Belgium.
This team works on an "invitational" basis and participates on international Rugby Seven tournaments, starting in Europe and most probably soon around the world.
Great Britain also played in series and tours against other nations such as France, Papua New Guinea and Fiji.
Galwegians field over 16 teams including Senior, Junior, Thirds, Fourths and Women's XV, and underage sides at all levels from U20 to U7.
The team has been participating in international competition since 2003, and have since become an affiliate member of the Rugby League International Federation.
The club's home ground is at Royal Park in the Launceston, Tasmania.
They are administered by the Australian Rugby League Commission and Australian Women's Rugby League.
The team is part of a larger club, the Hamburger SV, which also offers other sports like association football, baseball and cricket.
Mar 13th vs. Xavier at home won 107 and lost 9-10
RRUFC currently run two senior teams, the 1XV and the Mariners.
Current holders of the trophy are the Jed-Forest RFC.
Stahl, German for steel, took its name from its association with the local steelworks.
The team was originally formed in New South Wales, Australia, composed of Lebanese Australians.
The Greece national rugby league team represents Greece in rugby league football, officially since 2013.
Thus far Switzerland have not qualified for a Rugby World Cup.
North Manchester Rugby Club is an amateur sports club situated 5 miles north of the centre of Manchester.
The Cheetahs was one of the two new franchises that entered the expanded Super 14 competition in 2006, the other being Australia's Western Force.
The Lions are a South African professional rugby union team who compete in the Super Rugby competition.
Glamorgan Wanderers began as the Old Monktonians, formed by ex-pupils of Monkton House School in 1893.
Darlington RFC are a rugby union team that are situated in the North East town of Darlington, County Durham.
However Swinford scored the only try through Cass Brookes.
Because of a lack of player numbers they currently play in a joint team with RK Gladijatori Derventa.
Club sponsors for the 2016-17 season are Covert Investigations and Surveillance Ltd, Spicketts Battrick law practice and Jewson building suppliers.
Griffins RFC is a Finnish rugby club in Kotka.
At senior level, the club fields four teams - Premier, Reserves, U-21 and U-19 - through a joint venture with Te Papapa Onehunga.
Killarney currently have one senior sides as well as a large underage and mini set-up, and runs a successful Tag Rugby league during the summer months.
The Avenir valencien is a French rugby union club based in Valence-d'Agen.
Rugby Livorno 1931 are an Italian rugby union team from Livorno.
Tunbridge Wells RFC is an English Rugby union club that plays in London & South East Premier from Royal Tunbridge Wells, Kent, England.
We have some of the best facilities including the latest synthetic surfaces for playing and training available today.
The club is a member of the Welsh Rugby Union and is a feeder club for the Ospreys.
Valpolicella was founded in 1974 and have won 15 Italian national championships.
