He also authored the lives of various saints.
The commemoration of the Uncondemning Monk is celebrated on 30 March in the Eastern Orthodox Church and Byzantine Catholic Churches.
According to tradition, she was a young woman of Rome who was killed for her faith during the reign of Diocletian.
Blessed Archangela Girlani - born as Eleanora Girlani - was an Italian Carmelite Order professed religious who was known for her visions.
This letter is known as Epistle to Philemon in the New Testament.
In any case he was bishop of this see in the reign of Thierry III of Neustria.
Blessed Josaphata Hordashevska, S.S.M.I., born Michaelina Hordashevska a Ukrainian Greek-Catholic Religious Sister, was the first member of the Sisters Servants of Mary Immaculate.
Varsken himself was put to death by King Vakhtang in 483.
Leodegar of Poitiers was a martyred Burgundian Bishop of Autun who became Saint Leodegarius.
She is popularly known as "The Little Flower of Jesus" or simply "The Little Flower".
In 1179, Richard was one of the Bishops present at the Eleventh Ecumenical Council held by Pope Alexander III.
Triphyllius was a follower of Saint Spyridon of Trimythous.
Saint Serf is connected with Saint Mungo's Church near Simonburn, Northumberland.
It is believed that Parisius was born in 1160, at either Treviso or Bologna.
So he answered, “Because we do not prostrate before any other.” His martyrdom took place on the 21st of Paoni, in the year 106 AD.
Samuel Moor Shoemaker III DD, STD was a priest of the Episcopal Church.
The earliest source on their life actually dates from a Passio of 1406.
As a young man, he came close to dying of dysentery, and decided that he would dedicate his life to God if he survived.
Zeno, after stayed there with him as his faithful companion for the development of the first Christian Mission in Madras.
Saint Liberalis of Treviso is a saint of the 4th century.
His feast day is on Dec 17.
Today he is revered as the patron saint of Pamiers, Palencia, and Medina del Campo.
Marchand and Khoi appealed to the Catholics to join in overthrowing Minh Mạng and installing a Catholic emperor.
Trophimus and Sabbatius were arrested and tortured; Sabbatius died as a result of being tortured.
Although he was freed by the qadi, Nicholas was attacked by a mob of townspeople and killed.
Ludan, also known as Ludain or Luden, was a Scottish pilgrim to Jerusalem.
His body was first buried on the hill where he died.
Eusepi's beatification was celebrated in Nepi in 2012.
He was beatified by the Catholic Church in 1954.
He is a Catholic saint and his feast day is August 4.
The Venerable Edel Mary Quinn was an Irish lay missionary.
Ladislaus's most popular legend, which narrates his fight with a "Cuman" who abducted a Hungarian girl, is connected to this period.
Another Christian of the same name was martyred with Abda and Abdjesus in 366.
He was a native of Benevento, Italy, and is traditionally said to have been sent by the pope to evangelize the cities of Chartres and Tournai.
The exchange never occurred, and Pelagius remained a captive for three years.
Theopemptus then changed Theonas' name to Synesios.
Stanislaus of Szczepanów, or Stanisław Szczepanowski, was a Bishop of Kraków known chiefly for having been martyred by the Polish king Bolesław II the Bold.
The manuscripts of the Coptic text known as the Apocalypse of Samuel of Kalamoun give his name as the author.
He is venerated as a saint in the Eastern Orthodox Church on August 28.
"Nebridius" was also the name of a close friend of Augustine of Hippo, who is mentioned in his letters.
Our Lady of Peñafrancia is a wooden statue of the Blessed Virgin Mary venerated in the Bicol, Philippines.
Felec or Felix was an obscure 5th- or 6th-century British saint active in Cornwall.
Thanks to Saint Pavel's prayers, believers receive from God healing, consolation and divine help.
Prisca was either a Christian or lenient towards Christianity, but never rebelled towards her husband.
Saint Acisclus was a martyr of Córdoba, in Hispania.
Saint Potenciana was a Spanish anchoress, possibly of the walled-in type, who died probably around the year 1600 and who is venerated locally as a saint.
Her historical existence is not well established.
Blessed Grimoaldo of the Purification - born Ferdinando Santamaria - was an Italian Roman Catholic clerical student from the Passionists.
Cadron-Jetté was born and raised in Lavaltrie, Quebec, and in 1811 married Jean-Marie Jetté.
In prison, he was tortured and advised to renounce the Union of Brest, which he refused to do.
Tradition holds that, being of Greek origin, he was sent from Antioch by Saint Peter the Apostle.
Most martyrologies give him the title of saint.
He ordered the students to abandon the seminary and disperse among the town's population.
Jacut was a 5th-century Cornish Saint who worked in North-west France.
After the defeat of Athanaric, Nicetas worked with Ulfilas in converting the Goths.
was a Catholic nun who founded the Real Monasterio de Santa Clara in Intramuros, Philippines.
She headed for Rome with her followers and persuaded the Pope, Cyriacus, and Sulpicius, bishop of Ravenna, to join them.
Saint John Roberts was a Welsh Benedictine monk and priest, and was the first Prior of St. Gregory's, Douai, France.
Saint Julian of Cuenca was the second bishop of Cuenca, Spain, and was also a professor, hermit, priest, and preacher.
According to Gregory of Tours, Aphrodisius was an Egyptian who was martyred in Languedoc along with his followers Caralippus, Agapius, and Eusebius.
Pope John Paul II beatified him while in Poland on 18 August 2002.
These seven martyrs are first mentioned in relation to the life of Saint Januarius.
The remains of Marcianus and John were found in 1001 and transferred to Civita Castellana.
The count of Lantaire had built a monastery at Guéret.
Khorenatsi's work became the first attempt of a universal history of Armenia.
His feast is observed by Catholics on 16 November and by Anglicans on 17 November.
Joseph McCabe describes Gregory as a "rough and violent peasant, enlisting his brute strength in the service of the monastic ideal which he embraced."
He died at the age of 84, on 21 January 1687 and was buried at St. Andrew, Fort St. George, the first church of Madras.
On the way an unknown person joined him, professed himself a Christian, and also received the crown of martyrdom.
Saint Hilary of Galeata is venerated as a saint in the Roman Catholic and Eastern Orthodox churches.
He died in 908 on a visit to Constantinople.
Olympias was born and raised either in Constantinople or Antioch.
The Saints of Georgia is a book of hagiography published by Bessarion.
It was edited by P. Paul Peeters, S.J., and published in Analecta Bollandiana #27 in 1908.
She was canonized as a saint for her role in its establishment during that period of English history.
These fasts were still being celebrated in the 7th century.
He died a martyr, and became the first French martyr of the 19th century in Vietnam.
She was beatified on 31 October 2015 in Frascati.
Saint Eugenius of Carthage was a Christian saint, unanimously elected Bishop of Carthage in 480 to succeed St. Deogratias of Carthage.
The earliest record of her life comes from the ancient apocryphal Acts of Paul and Thecla.
Later Christian traditions describe Philip as the apostle who preached in Greece, Syria, and Phrygia.
Torres was beatified in 1950 and was later proclaimed a saint in 1970.
However, the historical Alan I, King of Brittany, flourished in the 9th century and died in 907.
There is another martyr Concordius [1] who died in the 4th century.
He also reportedly experienced many visions and revelations.
He is the patron saint of mixed-race people, barbers, innkeepers, public health workers, and all those seeking racial harmony.
Starace later assumed the new name of "Maria Maddalena of the Passion" upon the occasion of her solemn profession.
He became noted after his death for his charity and love for the poor.
Immediately all the ships sank, while the sailors attempting to swim ashore were turned into rocks.
He was a contemporary of Saint Benedict of Nursia.
He flourished during the sixth century, which is considered to be the "Golden Age" of Byzantine hymnography.
Saint Gondelbert, was the founder of the Benedictine Senones Abbey in the Rabodeau valley of the Vosges mountains around 650 AD, and its first abbot.
After that, she retired to her domain, where she soon founded the monastic Order of the Sisters of the Annunciation of Mary.
According to Muslim tradition, Ishmael the Patriarch and his mother Hagar are said to be buried next to the Kaaba in Mecca.
He was beatified by the Catholic Church in 1894 as Blessed Didacus Joseph of Cadiz, O.F.M.
Upon confessing the reason for their journey, they were arrested.
Saints Behnam, Sarah, and the Forty Martyrs were 4th-century Christians who suffered martyrdom during the reign of Shapur II.
John Paul II declared him "The Patron Saint of Our Difficult Century".
He became a bishop in 1835, and converted to the Old Believers in 1846, thus establishing a full Church Hierarchy of the Old Believers.
His feast day is celebrated on October 29 in Palestrina.
A few moments later, he met a procession carrying twelve idols through the streets of the city.
Acacius was practically the first prelate throughout the Eastern Orthodoxy and renowned for ambitious participation in the Chalcedonian controversy.
The third martyr from the same school was Heraclides, and after him the fourth was Hero.
She was buried in the cemetery of Gordianus and Epimachus.
His fame rests in part on his poetry, but also on the role he played as secretary for the Burgundian kings.
This dancing became popular and the name "Saint Vitus Dance" was given to the neurological disorder Sydenham's chorea.
According to Eusebius of Caesarea he was a Jewish Christian.
Tradition holds that he was accepted as leader of the hermits by St. Brocard.
Gregory played a prominent role to mobilize popular sentiment against Muslim presence in the Caucasus.
God sent Moses back to Egypt to demand the release of the Israelites from slavery.
There he remained for the remaining 42 years of his life.
Nicolae Iorga was a Romanian historian, politician, literary critic, memoirist, poet and playwright.
Blessed Jeong Yak-jong, also known as Augustine Chong, was a Korean Roman Catholic martyr who contributed greatly to the spread of Roman Catholicism in Korea.
In the Codex Colbertinus, he is named "Zoatham".
Basil the Great requested of the ruler of Scythia Minor, Junius Soranus, that he should send him the relics of saints of that region.
But little is known of this saint, aside from the exaggerations of his Acts.
All his known works, the Demonstrations, come from later on in his life.
These words would determine her to give her rich clothes away to the poor and flee to Constantinople.
Like the Romanovs, Kharitonov was canonized as a passion-bearer of Soviet oppression by the Russian Orthodox Church Outside Russia in 1991.
In Numbers 13:1–16, and after the death of Moses, he led the Israelite tribes in the conquest of Canaan, and allocated the land to the tribes.
He is venerated in the Coptic Church on September 3.
Benignus is one of the 140 Colonnade saints which adorn St. Peter's Square.
He was thrown to the wild animals in the local arena at Palestrina.
The statue has been stolen and then recovered on two occasions.
The authority for many of his teachings derived from the traditions of the Desert Fathers, early Christian monks and ascetics.
Pope John Paul II included him in the list of 120 Martyr Saints of China canonized in St. Peter's Square on October 1, 2000.
Lucius of Cyrene was, according to the Acts of the Apostles, one of the founders of the Christian Church in Antioch, then part of Roman Syria.
Acacius was the Ecumenical Patriarch of Constantinople from 472 to 489.
They all agreed, with the confirmation of God, to elect a righteous man named Kedronos.
He was beatified on 19 March 1963 on the account of his well-known holiness and is considered a patron of the Diocese of Bergamo.
Guinefort had killed the snake and saved the child.
For the Spanish saint, see Secundus of Abula.
Saint Goneri of Brittany is commemorated 18 July in the Orthodox and Catholic Churches.
Her son was baptized by Deodatus of Nevers and was therefore also called Deodatus.
1st century) is unnamed in the New Testament, where she appears in a single verse of the Gospel of Matthew.
Saint Novatus is an early Christian saint.
Saint Ilid is a semi-legendary saint of Wales.
Their names were Abba Aftse, Abba Alef, Abba Aragawi, Abba Garima, Abba Guba, Abba Liqanos, Abba Pantelewon, Abba Sehma, and Abba Yem’ata.
The boy, having remained a pious Christian, refused the Caliph's advances, striking the monarch and insulting him.
His followers founded many churches in his honor, including the famous Rila Monastery.
The three priests were tried on 23 July 1588, were found guilty of treason, and were sentenced to be hanged, drawn, and quartered.
Pope John Paul II referred to him as a saint.
Blessed Marie-Élisabeth Turgeon, born Élisabeth Turgeon, was a Roman Catholic Canadian nun and was the founder of the Sisters of Our Lady of the Rosary.
She directed the institute for three decades and received papal approval for the order in 1859 from Pope Pius IX.
Her feast day is held annually on July 2.
Cissa of Crowland was a saint in the medieval Fenlands.
He is mentioned in Bessarion's The Saints of Georgia.
The vines are located on the higher ground of a hilltop that stretches between the Burgundian villages of Ladoix-Serrigny and Pernand-Vergelesses.
Saint Peregrine of Auxerre is venerated as the first bishop of Auxerre and the builder of its first cathedral.
Blessed Marco Passionei - in religion Benedetto da Urbino - was an Italian Roman Catholic and a professed member from the Order of Friars Minor Capuchin.
First as Prior Provincial of Lombardy and then as Master General of the Order, Raymond undertook the restoration of Dominican religious life.
A number of Silvans have been canonized as saints, and it is unclear which Saint Silvan is entombed at the Church of Saint Blaise.
A New World loa, Maman Brigitte is syncretized with various saints, including Saint Brigid and Mary Magdalene.
He then entered Anchin Abbey in 1113, and became a Benedictine monk.
Saint Isaac's Cathedral in the city of St Petersburg is consecrated to his honour.
Blessed William Lacy was an English Catholic priest and martyr.
It is said to be one of the first cities in Hispania that was Christianized, specifically by Secundus.
Saint Adrian travelled from Batanea to Caesarea Palaestina, where he was martyred together with Saint Eubulus.
According to hagiographies of the 16th century, Ovidius was a Roman citizen of Sicilian origin.
By his preaching and contemplation of the Lord’s Passion he spread the practice of the Way of the Cross throughout the West.
Antoninus retired to Monte Aureo himself and lived in a natural grotto.
Local legend holds that he was a warrior of King Arthur.
Her feast day is shared by Dar Lugdach, whom tradition says was her student and the woman who succeeded her.
His feast day, together with that of the other martyrs, is celebrated on 4 May.
Christian, also known as Gilla Críst Ua Morgair, was a Bishop and brother of St. Malachy of Armagh.
After seven years his uncle, Suavaric, Bishop of Orléans, died.
Captured in the cave again, he was taken to Tarragona and transferred to Gayá, where he was beheaded on 25 August 306.
Balthild was sold into slavery as a young girl and served in the household of Erchinoald, the mayor of the palace of Neustria to Clovis.
It has spread, in a limited way, to neighbouring countries such as Uruguay.
Saint Thecla of Kitzingen was a Benedictine nun and abbess.
Abāmūn was from the city of Tarnut.
His date of death varies, and is sometimes given as the 3rd, 4th, or 6th centuries.
A poem by an anonymous writer, who seems to have been present at the executions, and is quoted in Challoner, describes the executions as follows:
His relics were translated to Muenster Eifel in the 17th century from the Catacombs of Rome, where he had been originally buried.
William of Montevergine, or William of Vercelli, was a Catholic hermit and the founder of the Congregation of Monte Vergine, or "Williamites".
He was born in Volos, in then Ottoman-controlled Greece, and was taken captive by the Turks one day while he was working as a fisherman.
She was married to Count Lothair of Meer, in the modern region of North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.
King's Sutton parish church claims that its Saxon or Norman font may well have been the one where Saint Rumwold was baptised.
but apparently his day has since been moved to 17 September.
During Géza's reign, Ladislaus was his brother's most influential adviser.
Pope John Paul II visited Our Lady of Lebanon in 1997.
Saint Bartholomew of Grottaferrata was an abbot at the monastery at Grottaferrata.
His most notable works regarding Marian devotions are contained in The Secret of Mary and the True Devotion to Mary.
She is especially venerated in Temse, Ghent, Munsterbilzen and other parts of Flanders.
So he answered, “Because we do not prostrate before any other.” His martyrdom took place on the 21st of Paoni, in the year 106 AD.
He took the opportunity to travel to Rome where he reported to Pope Adrian I on his work.
He was later readmitted into the kingdom after public pressure.
Canonized in 2003, his feast day is July 28.
Saint Maximinus of Aix was the first bishop of Aix-en-Provence in the 1st century.
Saint Clare of Montefalco, also called Saint Clare of the Cross, was an Augustinian nun and abbess.
The story of Noah's Ark is told in the Bible's Genesis flood narrative.
Cassian is the patron saint of Mexico City, Imola and of parish clerks.
Seaxburh; also Saint Sexburga of Ely, was the queen of King Eorcenberht of Kent, as well as an abbess and a saint of the Christian Church.
In Derby Gaol, before his second trial, Richard Simpson met with two other priests, Nicholas Garlick and Robert Ludlam.
The Sanctuary of San Úrbez, Huesca, is named after him.
For Erdmann he is definitely greater and more original than his pupil Aquinas.
Some Western sources state that Alexandria or Sicily was their place of martyrdom.
It is rumoured that his remains are buried inside the cathedral.
St. Cyrillus was an ancient bishop of Reggio Calabria, predecessor of Saints Cyril and Methodius.
The request having been made to Pope Leo X, he authorized the feast, celebrated on the third Sunday of July.
Saint Abra was the daughter of Hilary of Poitiers and has herself been recognized as a saint.
John Maron, was a Syriac monk, and the first Maronite Patriarch.
Melkisedek was glorified by the Georgian Orthodox Church on October 17, 2002.
Paternian or Paternianus is the name of an Italian saint.
Saint Agilulfus, Abbot of Stavelot, Bishop of Cologne and martyr, died in the year 750.
Saint Hermann Joseph, O.Praem., was a German Premonstratensian canon regular and mystic.
He died at Monte Cassino, in 1118 of natural causes.
He was the third bishop of Jerusalem named Maximus, the other two being in the latter half of the 2nd century.
Saint Trudo was a saint of the seventh century.
Clotsinda was a 7th Century Catholic saint, with feast day of May 5., especially venerated in Douai.
He is remembered for his letters advocating extreme self-abnegation.
Joseph Cafasso was an Italian Catholic priest who was a significant social reformer in early 19th-century Turin.
Saint Fructus was a Castilian hermit of the eighth century venerated as a saint.
The Korean Martyrs were the victims of religious persecution against Catholic Christians during the 19th century in Korea.
There is a second ancient dedication to him nearby at Little Petherick or "Saint Petroc Minor".
His feast day is celebrated on April 22 in the Roman Catholic Church, and on November 10 in the Greek Orthodox Church.
He was born in Constantinople as the son of Theodore and Eudokia, of a strictly orthodox family, which had suffered from the earlier Iconoclasm.
After helping the students escape, he was taken prisoner and transferred to a jail in Colotlán where he was reunited with Father Magallanes Jara.
Saint Domnina and her daughters Berenice and Prosdoce are venerated as Christian martyrs by the Roman Catholic and Eastern Orthodox Churches.
Four stories involving Maurus recounted by Gregory formed a pattern for the ideal formation of a Benedictine monk.
Her story is told in the Ethiopian Synaxarium on Mäskäräm 29.
Bertrand of Comminges was Bishop of Comminges, in the diocese of Toulouse, France.
Scrilli became a noted educator and opened several schools during her lifetime in which she taught a range of religious and secular topics to girls.
He is widely considered the most accomplished rhetorical stylist of the patristic age.
Íte ingen Chinn Fhalad, also known as Ita, Ida or Ides, was an early Irish nun and patron saint of Killeedy.
A tradition states that they initially preached at Ferrières in the Gâtinais before preaching at Sens.
He was martyred with several colleagues, including
He received his doctorate of theology from the University of Innsbruck in 1914 and was ordained to the priesthood.
This privilege was ultimately extended to the whole of Egypt during the pontificate of Pope Cyril IV of Alexandria.
He is documented in the Ausgewählte Akten Persischer Märtyrer, and The Lesser Eastern Churches, two biographies of Eastern saints.
He has been generally so regarded ever since, despite evidence of some earlier Christian presence in Ireland.
Saints Gabinus and Crispulis were killed at the same time.
Despite the torture, the saints refused to abjure.
San Pascualito is a folk saint associated with Saint Paschal Baylon and venerated in Guatemala and the Mexican state of Chiapas.
He is also commemorated in the church at Llanfynydd, Carmarthenshire.
Saint Demiana and the 40 Virgins,, also known as the Chaste Martyr Saint Demiana, is an Egyptian martyr of the early fourth century.
According to Christian tradition, Saturninus was a local martyr –that is, he was killed at Cagliari by order of governor Barbarus.
He resumed his work after being released.
Finally arrested, she was condemned to death and executed for harbouring a Catholic priest at Tyburn.
He is generally called a Celtic monk from Ireland, but some consider him a German.
Saints Protus and Hyacinth were Christian martyrs during the persecution of Emperor Valerian.
Today, the Institute of the Missionaries of Jesus the Eternal Priest, which she established, is present in Italy, Latin America, Philippines, and India.
He went back to Constantinople to escape his growing reputation of holiness and was welcomed in the Stoudios Monastery, and he later moved to Athos.
Saint Cunibert, Cunipert, or Kunibert was the ninth bishop of Cologne, from 627 to his death.
Therefore, the wine barrel became one of his attributes.
The cause for her canonization is now being studied in the Vatican.
Benedict's main achievement is his "Rule of Saint Benedict", containing precepts for his monks.
On his deathbed, he received Humbert, and recognized that at that time Humbert truly had repented of his earlier acts.
He is also known as Lazarus the Painter and Lazarus the Iconographer.
According to legend, Venustian, governor of Etruria and Umbria, had Sabinus and his deacons arrested in Assisi.
Saint Idesbald was a Cistercian monk and abbot of Ten Duinen Abbey.
Throughout the Middle Ages he was known as "the Father of Christian Worship" because of his exceptional efforts in revising the Roman worship of his day.
Saint-Fabrizio or Fabriciano martyr, is revered as a saint by the Catholic Church.
Saint Louis of Toulouse was a cadet of the royal French house of Anjou who was made a Catholic bishop.
Saint Crescentius of Rome is venerated as a child martyr by the Roman Catholic Church.
After suffering various tortures, she died in the arena at Chalcedon from wounds sustained from a lion.
She should not be confused with another 4th-century saint, Dorothea of Alexandria.
Saint Donatian is the patron saint of Bruges, Belgium, where his relics were enshrined in the ninth century.
Malo's name may derive from the Old Breton machlou, a compound of mach "warrant, hostage" and lou "brilliant, bright, beautiful".
The time when Baculus is supposed to have been bishop of the city is uncertain.
Relics associated with him were discovered at Agen in the fifth century.
Sigeberht of East Anglia, was a saint and a king of East Anglia, the Anglo-Saxon kingdom which today includes the English counties of Norfolk and Suffolk.
Saint Bernard Due Van Vu, was a Vietnamese convert to Catholicism.
Joseph Dixon, Archbishop of Armagh, returning from a trip to Rome, stopped by the shrine in Chambéry and obtained some relics of St. Cornelius/Concord.
He was born in Ireland and was martyred along with Saint Colman and Saint Kilian in Würzburg around 689.
Legend has crept into the history of the holy bishop, but the following facts may be regarded as certain.
Gilbert Hunter Doble thought that he might have been Saint Paulinus of Wales.
Blessed Stanislaw Kubista was an SVD martyr.
Three seventh century Itineraries make explicit reference to his grave, and Pope Adrian I restored the church built over it.
Greco served as both a pastor and a professor who operated in Cosenza and opened a catechetical school and hospital service for the poor.
The simplest version of her legend is that she belonged to a family of high status: her father Calpurnius was prefect of the city of Rome.
Saint Thraseas was a martyr under the reign of Emperor Marcus Aurelius.
Of her is written that she "helped everyone: for the destitute, she was a benefactress; for the grief-stricken, a comforter; for sinners, a guide to repentance.
He then continued his studies - though this time for the priesthood - but died from meningitis before he could achieve this dream.
She also worked for wider educational opportunities for girls.
Blessed Aloysius Liguda, was a priest and is venerated as a blessed martyr by the Society Of The Divine Word Missionaries.
He is venerated in the Eastern Orthodox, Anglican and Roman Catholic Churches.
She was beatified on 13 October 1968 after Pope Paul VI recognized two miracles attributed to her intercession.
Later he desired to re-enter the Franciscans and was again admitted at Manila in 1590.
Tradition states that she was noble; she may have been related to the Roman Emperor.
Alodie-Virginie Paradis was a Canadian Roman Catholic nun who established the Little Sisters of the Holy Family congregation in 1880.
The sole surviving work attributed to his authorship is his Letter to the Philippians; it is first recorded by Irenaeus of Lyons.
Bernard of Thiron, also known as Bernard of Ponthieu and Bernard of Abbeville, was the founder of the Tiron Abbey and the Tironensian Order.
His Vita is one of the chief sources for writing the history of his age.
In one of his works he argued that Greek philosophy had its origin among non-Greeks, claiming that both Plato and Pythagoras were taught by Egyptian scholars.
Distinguish from Sulpitius I, Bishop of Bourges, called Sulpitius I of Bourges, often wrongly identified with Sulpicius Severus, the historian of St. Martin of Tours.
He was martyred during the reign of the Emperor Marcus Aurelius.
He was devout towards the Holy Eucharist, and is said to have been experienced ecstasies several times during Consecration.
His feast day falls on 9 February.
Abulak is a martyr and saint of the Coptic Church.
Not much is known of his life beyond the fact that his name was Greek, which is considered evidence of the antiquity of the Veronese see.
From his musical acquirements he was known as "Patrick's psalm-singer".
Many miracles were attributed to Joachim; he is believed to have healed the sick and to have accurately foretold future events.
Of Cappadocian origin, he occupied the see of Tomi from 360.
They were beheaded because they could not be dissuaded from the Christian faith.
During the 1930s, Khomyshyn was responsible for organizing the Ukrainian Catholic People's Party, which briefly held seats in the Sejm and Senate.
Mori was declared Venerable in 2014 after Pope Francis recognized that he had lived a life of heroic virtue.
The regent at the time was impressed by such magnanimity and investigated the case and found these Sufis to be good Muslims.
He was murdered by his stepfather Count Conmore while being educated at a monastery in Carhaix, Brittany.
Saint Constantius is venerated as a member of the legendary Theban Legion.
Another common attribute is Jude holding an image of Jesus Christ, known as the Image of Edessa.
His feast day is celebrated on the 15 January at Arras, Cambrai and Ghent.
According to the Catholic Encyclopedia, Quinctianus was a bishop and was probably the same person as a bishop named Urcitanus.
Saint Bertha of Artois or Saint Bertha of Blangy was a Frankish and Anglo-Saxon Abbess of noble blood.
Cluthus, a priest and physician of Antinoe;
After a three-year novitiate, he took his vows at that order's monastery of St. Lambert at Zaragoza in 1607.
Stephen's name in the original Greek of the Acts of the Apostles is given as Stephanos, meaning "crown".
Fausta is one of the 140 Colonnade saints which adorn St. Peter's Square.
Saint Camillus de Lellis, M.I., was a Roman Catholic priest from Italy who founded a religious order dedicated to the care of the sick.
Dorotheus of Gaza or Abba Dorotheus, was a Christian monk and abbot.
He is also known as Theodore of Antioch, from the place of his birth and presbyterate.
He succeeded his own brother, Rusticus of Cahors, as bishop of Cahors and governed the diocese, which flourished under his care, from 630 to 655.
The execution occurred on November 7, 1773.
Gregory the Elder, or Gregory of Nazianzus the Elder, was the bishop of the see of Nazianzus in Roman province of Cappadocia.
Blessed Leonid Ivanovich Feodorov was Exarch of the Russian Byzantine Catholic Church, in addition to being a survivor of the GULAG.
His fervor attracted the attention of the catechists, who sent him to Beijing to negotiate affairs of religion.
Saint Clement of Metz is venerated as the first Bishop of Metz.
Saint Aedesius of Alexandria was an early Christian martyred under Galerius Maximianus.
He brought the Benedictine Rule to Condat.
The punishment of death was commuted to 10 years of hard labor.
St. James of the Marches, O.F.M., was an Italian Friar Minor, preacher and writer.
She is also referred to as the First Daughter of Wisdom.
A presumed second miracle attributed to his intercession is now under investigation for his potential canonization as a saint.
The beatification cause started in 1985 and in 1992 he was titled as Venerable upon the confirmation of his life of heroic virtue.
The shrine is highlighted by a huge, 15-ton bronze statue.
He is one of the Forty Martyrs of England and Wales.
Blessed Władysław Bukowiński was a Polish Roman Catholic priest who served in the diocese of Karaganda in Kazakhstan.
Pope Leo XIII mentioned the Brazilian devotion to Nossa Senhora da Conçeicão Aparecida in 1903
Arrested for her faith, Victoria argued with the judge at her trial, who was willing to release her.
He was canonised by Pope John Paul II in 1999.
Aprax is a saint of the Coptic Church.
In 794, he accompanied Benedict to the Council of Frankfurt.
Saint Romulus was a 2nd-century Christian martyr.
He was declared venerable in 1983, and then beatified on the 25 November 1984, by Pope John Paul II.
He returned to preach the Gospel in Aquitaine, especially in the border regions of the Rouergue.
Recently surfaced manuscripts show his work to have predated by several centuries prominent work on elections theory.
There is substantial disagreement regarding his death in 311 AD.
There may have been two saints with the same name of Fortunatus.
The most famous part of the whole book is the paragraph:
He was one of Mexico's most-wanted drug lords.
She is believed to be the Mambo who sacrificed the black pig at the culmination of the start of the first Haitian Revolution.
Prudentius became Saturius' companion during the last seven years of the hermit's life and later buried him.
His father, count of Bourges, wanted Sigiramnus to marry the daughter of a nobleman.
The name does not appear in the three oldest and most important Manuscripts of the Martyrologium Hieronymianum, but was inserted in later recensions.
Sulprizio was beatified in 1963 after the recognition of two miracles attributed to his intercession.
Saint Petronilla is an early Christian saint.
He was stoned to death by Zoroastrian Persians at Rekhi.
Tekle Haymanot "is the only Ethiopian saint celebrated officially in foreign churches such as Rome and Egypt."
In Judaism, Christianity, Islam and the Bahá'í Faith, Ezekiel is acknowledged as a Hebrew prophet.
Blessed Maria Pierina De Micheli was a Roman Catholic religious Sister who was born near Milan in Italy.
Cyriacus, sometimes Anglicized as Cyriac, according to Christian tradition, is a Christian martyr who was killed in the persecution of Diocletian.
The cause for his beatification was accepted by the Holy See, due to which he is referred to as a Servant of God.
She presided over the Benedictine Abbey at Coldingham.
Saint Pantaenus the Philosopher was a Greek theologian and a significant figure in the Catechetical School of Alexandria from around AD 180.
For others with this name, see Caesarius.
It was Thietmar’s custom to eat only bread and water, although this practice physically weakened him.
However, each prince who seized the throne with Stephen's support was soon forced to pay homage to the sultan.
She is the patron saint of the falsely accused, hoboes, homeless, insane, orphaned, mentally ill, midwives, penitents, single mothers, reformed prostitutes, stepchildren, and tramps.
Blessed Giuseppe "Pino" Puglisi was a Roman Catholic priest in the rough Palermo neighbourhood of Brancaccio.
Agilbert became bishop of Paris between 666 and 668, and hosted Theodore of Tarsus.
Cap.,, was a Croatian Capuchin friar and Catholic priest, who suffered from disabilities that would plague his speech and stature.
They were taken to a mountain near Nagasaki city, "Mount of the Martyrs", bound upon crosses, after which they were pierced with spears.
According to the legendary Acts of the martyrs Saint Maris and Saint Martha, a Roman martyr Quirinus was buried in the Catacomb of Pontian.
In the 1060s he became a hermit at the Camaldolese monastery of Fonte Avellana.
He was forced into exile by the Duke of Brittany, living for a while in Poitiers, only returning in 1230.
The Gentiles were then converted in large numbers.
After her father died, she became a hermit at Meerbeke, where her father had been buried.
He is celebrated as a folk saint by some in Mexico and the United States, particularly among those involved in drug trafficking.
The final Rule of his institute was published in 1851.
A church, dedicated to her, had been built in Selimpaşa on the spot where her house of birth once stood.
The nobles of Greater Poland especially favoured him, proposing he marry Jadwiga.
Under the influence of his Christian family, however, he expressed his faith to Yazdegerd's successor, Bahram V, and was tortured and killed.
Martin de Porres, commemorated on November 3.
Epaentus was a convert to Christianity in Ephesus.
Abakuh was a martyr of Bamujeh in the Al Fayyum area of Egypt.
Saint Adelin of Séez was a Benedictine monk and abbot at the abbey of Anisole.
He was condemned to the stake in 372.
To Illidius is attributed the rise of Clermont-Ferrand as a center of religious teaching and culture.
Not much was known about his life but it is believed that he is of English descent.
Her relics survived the destruction of the Provost's Church during the Allies' air raid on Jülich on November 16, 1944.
In 313, Constantine and Licinius issued the Edict of Milan decriminalizing Christian worship.
was a Spanish Jesuit lay brother, now venerated as a saint.
John of the Cross, commemorated on December 14
He is reported to have encouraged Isidore of Seville in his encyclopaedic ambitions, and to have had a hand in the revision of his works.
Saint Wulfram of Fontenelle or Saint Wulfram of Sens was the Archbishop of Sens.
He is given the name "Dismas" in the Gospel of Nicodemus and is known in some Catholic traditions as "Saint Dismas" .
St. Paula Frassinetti is an Italian saint in the Roman Catholic Church and foundress of the Congregation St. Dorothea.
In some places they have been honoured on 20 March, and the first Sunday of May.
Pope John Paul II beatified Pampuri on 4 October 1981 and later canonized him at the end of that decade on 1 November 1989.
The Anglican, Lutheran, and Catholic Churches revere him.
They consist of a gilt-covered and gem-studded skeleton, located in a glass case, with false eyes in her skull, which is wrapped in netting.
Medieval Western Christianity identified Mary of Bethany with Mary Magdalene and with the sinful woman of Luke 7:36–50.
Her cause had its origins since the order received the encouragement of Pope Pius X despite it not beginning until a decade later.
When at a later date his remains were exhumed, his body was found still preserved.
Saint Felix of Valois was a hermit and a co-founder of the Trinitarian Order.
Repudiated by her husband, Richardis later became a Christian model of devotion and just rule.
His secret works, which exist only in fragments, suggest that he was also familiar with pre-Christian Jewish esotericism and Gnosticism.
Romulus then evangelized much of central Italy and was put to death by the governor Repertian.
He also donated a large proportion of his profits to the relief of the poor.
Bound hand and foot, he was thrown alive into a mould in which a block of concrete was about to be made.
A Merovingian courtier at the court of Childebert I, he was a cup-bearer to the king and an administrator of the royal palace.
Saint Donatus of Evorea was a Christian saint revered in Albania and Greece.
When he was 18, however, Gerard wished to live in solitude as a hermit.
The beatification for Mora was celebrated in Saint Peter's Square under Pope John Paul II in 1994.
Ephrem de Nevers was a native of Nevers, France.
He was declared Servant of God by the Holy See for his Heroic Virtues in 2009.
He was succeeded by his son Philip III.
Franz Jägerstätter, O.F.S., was an Austrian conscientious objector during World War II.
Chrysolius then became a bishop and was subsequently stopped by Roman soldiers and condemned to be decapitated; the top of his skull was sliced off.
After his death, his remains were buried in Munktorps kyrka.
He is not to be confused with his contemporary Saint Crónán Mochua.
The canonized servants were their court physician, Yevgeny Botkin; their footman Alexei Trupp; their cook, Ivan Kharitonov; and Alexandra's maid, Anna Demidova.
He performed miracles and built a church, perhaps on the site of the current Cathedral of Agrigento.
During the persecutions of Diocletian, the three brothers were handed over to the proconsul of Cilicia, Lysias.
Saint Emmeram of Regensburg was a Christian bishop and a martyr born in Poitiers.
According to Hincmar, a 9th-century archbishop of Reims, Sixtus was sent from Rome by Pope Sixtus II to Gaul to assist in Christianizing the region.
He maintained an austere lifestyle, which included fasting and abstaining from meat.
There he worked primarily with the Huron for the rest of his life, except for a few years in France from 1629 to 1633.
When they refused to forsake Christianity, the governor ordered that they be tortured and then killed.
North Africa under the Romans was multi-racial and still is to a large degree.
Géza's and Ladislaus's relationship with Solomon deteriorated in the early 1070s, and they rebelled against him.
The elderly woman was cured of an illness by Saint Peter and converted to Christianity.
Alexis Falconieri is one of the seven founders of the Servite Order, who are celebrated together on the anniversary of his death.
The Gospel of Luke says seven demons had gone out of her,[Lk.
His object in life seems to have been to collect the scattered tribes of the Slavs into one kingdom, and to make that kingdom Christian.
As Christopher Walter points out, Probus did not persecute Christians to the same extent that Emperors Diocletian or Decius did.
One afternoon, Alessandro, the Serenellis' son, made sexual advances to her.
He founded the basilica and theological School of Nisibis after the model of the school of Diodorus of Tarsus in Antioch.
Hyacinth is sometimes called by his Latin name Hyacinthus.
Her feast is celebrated on July 10.
He was born in Petazio and was baptized in Guglionesi.
In 609 Anastasius is said to have been murdered during an uprising of Syrian Jews against Emperor Phocas, although Persian soldiers have also been suggested.
He has been declared 'Blessèd' by the Roman Catholic Church.
According to tradition, she was martyred with her seven sons at Tibur towards the end of the reign of the Roman emperor Hadrian.
During her life, she reported several apparitions of the Child Jesus and left many autobiographical writings with ascetic interest.
After they were killed, they were followed by Eugene, Elpidius, and Agathodorus, who were in turn replaced by Aetherius and Capiton.
The memory of the liturgy is scheduled on July 31.
A slave woman of African descent, Anastacia is depicted as possessing incredible beauty, having piercing blue eyes and wearing an oppressive facemask.
Saint Malo then succeeded to the spiritual rule of the district subsequently known as Saint-Malo, and was consecrated first Bishop of Aleth.
She served at the monastic conversation in the nunnery of Hackness, near Scarborough which was built by St. Hilda of Whitby shortly before her death.
In the time of Gregory of Tours he was held in equal veneration with Saint Saturninus.
Gregory, his elder brother Basil of Caesarea, and their friend Gregory of Nazianzus are collectively known as the Cappadocian Fathers.
The service is performed on his two feast days which are 3 November and 28 August.
A contemporary and friend of St. Vicelinus, he worked to convert the Wends, a tribe in modern Germany.
In spite of having to return to Vatopaedi, Joachim had served the doctor's family until they relented and escorted him back to Mount Athos.
It is known that he served as prior of the Cathedral of Saint Martin.
He is mentioned in the year 390 when he sent a delegate named Aper to participate in a council called by Saint Ambrose in Milan.
She founded the convent of Sainte-Marie-du-Rozoy, near Courtenay, Loiret, France, and served as its first abbess.
Absalon of Caesarea is a Christian saint and martyr who lived in the first century AD.
The Eastern Orthodox Church celebrate also the finding and translation of their relics on 28 June.
The parish church at Llanrhaeadr-yng-Nghinmeirch is dedicated to him.
Abiathar and Sidonia were a legendary Jewish priest of Mtskheta and his daughter.
The commemoration of the translation of his relics is 20 November.
He remained in his office until his death, a period of well over 40 years.
Alexander may simply have been a Roman soldier or resident of Bergamo who was tortured and killed for not renouncing his Christian faith.
Raymond of Toulouse, also known as Raymond Gayrard, was a chanter and canon renowned for generosity.
Longoret was later renamed Saint-Michel-en-Brenne after him.
Borzęcka desired the religious life but married in obedience to her parents and bore four children; two died as infants.
Saint Valentine's Church in Rome, built in 1960 for the needs of the Olympic Village, continues as a modern, well-visited parish church.
Felix and Adauctus were legendary Christian martyrs who were said to have suffered during the Great Persecution during the reign of the Roman emperor Diocletian.
An aunt secretly had the girl baptized and taught her the beginnings of the catechism.
A medieval chronicle asserts that Samuel's daughter, Theodora Kosara, fell in love with Vladimir and begged her father for his hand.
He presided over the second Ecumenical Council at Constantinople called by Emperor Theodosius.
French - Foi, Espérance and Charité and their mother Sophie.
Cetteus, because he refused to support this occupation, fled to Rome.
Romedius, however, had the bear bridled by his disciple David.
His feast day is listed in the Roman Martyrology as December 24, but he is also commemorated on other days in different locations.
Women's congregation Sisters of Saint Casimir was established in 1908 and is still active in the United States.
Andrew and his disciple Epiphanus testified that they saw the Holy Virgin surrounded by many angels and Saints, praying and extending her homophorion over the faithful.
He opened schools for children and educated people about the importance of service to the poor and those who required aid.
He did not become an ordained priest because he did not feel he was adequate enough for such an honor.
Saint Colman mac Duagh was born at Cork, Kiltartan, County Galway, Ireland,, the son of the Irish chieftain Duac.
Paraskeva fled to Chalcedon, and afterwards lived at the church of the Most Holy Theotokos in Heraclea Pontica.
Gregory is famous for instigating the first recorded large-scale mission from Rome to convert a pagan people to Christianity.
He served as the vicar general of the Servites in Germany, having initially followed Philip Benizi to France and Germany.
Saint Riginos is the patron saint of the island of Skopelos, Greece.
He resisted the claims of the patrician Mummolus, conqueror of the Lombards.
Freed miraculously, he left the city by a gate now called San Magin, where he dedicated a chapel and returned to Mount Brufaganya.
He was killed in Sumatra while taking part in a diplomatic mission there on behalf of the Portuguese Empire.
Winibald was abbot of the Benedictine double monastery of Heidenheim am Hahnenkamm.
Along with the brothers Basil the Great and Gregory of Nyssa, he is known as one of the Cappadocian Fathers.
The names are translated into different languages as follows:
His feast day is 21 September, and he is also venerated with the rest of the 103 Korean martyrs on 20 September.
He was himself elected Bishop of Vaison in 556, and achieved a reputation for charity and fairness.
Ávila may have been the ancient Obila and Abula may have been the present town of Abla.
Eliza Marsden Hassall was the daughter of an Anglican clergyman, a lay leader of the Anglican church, and a philanthropist.
The Catholic Encyclopedia writes that "historically there is very little known about St. Eleutherius, but he was without doubt the first Bishop of Tournai."
The priory was closed at the Reformation, and the Church became Folkestone Parish Church.
The Armenian Apostolic Church honors Thaddeus along with Saint Bartholomew as its patron saints.
In Cavan, he established a monastery on Drom Benen, today's Drumbannon, and also in cill benen, today's Kilbonane, West Cork.
Abselema of Edessa is recorded as having been a disciple of Saint Addai and a bishop of Edessa.
St Baradates was a hermit who lived in the Diocese of Cyrrhus in Syria, and whose bishop, Theodoret, called him "the admirable Baradates."
There are several versions of their martyrdom.
During his lifetime, he became known as the "Almoner of the Poor", and is honored as a saint by the Catholic Church.
He is venerated as a saint in the Roman Catholic and Eastern Orthodox churches.
Solus was ordained priest by Boniface, became a monk, and established himself in a cell at Solnhofen in Suabia.
The statue, also known as Our Lady of Suyapa, is perhaps Honduras' most popular religious image, and the focus of an extensive pilgrimage.
The title thesmothete means ruler, or junior archon, of Athens.
Julian was also known as a spiritual authority within her community, where she also served as a counsellor and advisor.
He lived in the second half of the 3rd century.
Moses is a prophet in the Abrahamic religions.
Christian tradition places Joseph as Jesus' legal father.
He has been declared a martyr for his faith and beatified by the Catholic Church.
He ended his life as a hermit in Caernarfonshire, Wales.
He was martyred along with several others at Cirta in 259.
A native of Staves, he was a member of the family of dukes of Lower Austrasia.
He was a descendant of the last King of the Frisians.
He served in the priesthood during the tumultuous French Revolution.
Saint John Vianney attributed to her intercession the extraordinary cures that others attributed to himself.
Saint Domitilla is not included in the revised calendar, because the liturgical honours once paid to her "have no basis in tradition".
She served as interim Regent after the death of her spouse in 1024.
John Baptist Yi was one of the 103 Korean Martyrs.
The year of his birth is uncertain, but many details of his life suggest that he was born in or after 975 in Esztergom.
He left Venice for a pilgrimage to the Holy Land around 1020, but a storm compelled him to break his journey near Istria.
He lived as a hermit near Saintes and converted to Christianity the governor's daughter, Saint Eustella or Eustelle.
He was martyred at Clerkenwell in London, and is recognised by the Catholic Church as having the status of Blessed.
He was ordained in 1598 and martyred in 1612.
He was educated at Murbach Abbey in Alsace, where he took the Benedictine habit and was elected abbot.
Saint Bercharius was abbot of Hautvillers in Champagne.
He was eventually awarded a papal knighthood of the Order of the Holy Sepulchre.
Thirty years after his death, Vasyl Velychkovsky's body was found to be almost incorrupt.
He became a hermit and the abbot of a monastery.
She was a cousin by marriage of politician José Antonio Primo de Rivera.
Thus Sophia, Sapientia, Fides and the like are common names in early Christian inscriptions and martyrologies.
For the martyr of Vercelli, see Theonestus of Vercelli.
The veneration of San Pascualito is not approved by the Roman Catholic Church.
Shenoute the Great, Saint Shenoute the Archimandrite was the abbot of the White Monastery in Egypt.
His mother may have been Arianwedd, the daughter of Saint Issel and the sister of Saint Teilo.
His feast day in the Maronite Church is February 9.
Gregory Thaumaturgus or Gregory the Miracle-Worker, also known as Gregory of Neocaesarea, was a Christian bishop of the 3rd century.
His feast day is kept there on February 27.
Due to his importance to Muslims, Catholics and Orthodox Christians, Elijah has been venerated as the patron saint of Bosnia and Herzegovina since 1752.
Saints Jovita and Faustinus were said to be Christian martyrs under Hadrian.
The year of his death is reported variously as 290, 296, or 306.
Bernold succeeded Saint Adalbold as Bishop of Utrecht on 24 September 1027, when he was appointed by emperor of the Holy Roman Empire Conrad II.
He was buried in a catacomb on the Via Nomentana near the gate of that name.
The Blessed Ambrose of Sienna was an Italian Dominican teacher, missionary and diplomat.
St. Benet Biscop Catholic Academy is a Roman Catholic selective high school in Bedlington, Northumberland.
Saint Francesco de Geronimo was an Italian Roman Catholic priest and a professed member from the Jesuits.
Finally, they suspended her upside down and lit a fire, to suffocate her with the smoke, but she survived.
She became a follower of John Chrysostom and worked as a physician as well as a healer for the poor.
According to legend, the two women were students of the Apostles Peter and Paul and of the noble class.
Her voyages took her to Jerusalem, wishing to spend the rest of her life there.
Unlike the majority of founders of men's religious orders, and like his patron saint, Francis was never ordained a priest.
Bretannio spoke out against this and for this he was exiled.
Arriving around 439 AD, he established himself on the acropolis of Naples.
The king's servants found her among her companions, here described as nuns, and urged that she follow his wishes.
According to Orthodox tradition, the apostolic successor to Saint Andrew is the Patriarch of Constantinople.
The king gave him land at Saint-Armel-des-Bochaux in Ille-et-Vilaine where he founded a second monastery.
She is a patroness saint of good eyesight, and of Alsace.
The Armenian Kingdom in Cilicia During the Crusades: The Integration of Cilician Armenians with the Latins, 1080-1393.
She established orphanages and provided assistance to the old and the ill. She assumed the name of "Teresa Eustochio" after she became a Benedictine.
The pope sent a priest named Julian to investigate Equitius, but the pope ended the investigation after receiving a vision concerning Equitius.
A native of Bologna, he was a disciple of Saint Romuald.
He is honored as a saint by the Catholic Church.
Himerius, who escaped, eventually succumbed to his wounds at Varese, where he was buried in the church of San Michele at Bosto.
He is officially venerated in the Catholic Church.
Many other miracles followed his death, which occurred 6 November 716 or 717.
After eight years of rule, in which he was the most powerful ruler in Britain, Oswald was killed in the Battle of Maserfield.
Sainte-Réparate Cathedral, in Nice, is also dedicated to her.
After his return, he used his inherited wealth to found churches, living with his mother on a hill at the Nahe River, near Bingen.
Hans Nielsen Hauge, commemorated on March 29
So dedicated was he to his vow of obedience that he requested permission to die from the Guardian of the community.
Gregory of Nyssa, also known as Gregory Nyssen, was bishop of Nyssa from 372 to 376 and from 378 until his death.
Auspicius is said to be the successor of St. Maternus as the Bishop of Trier, Germany.
Then he left the Ust-Tolshma and went to the Monastery of Galic.
She was the child of Saint Richtrudis and Adalbard duke of Douai, and her siblings Maurontius, Adalsinda and Eusebia are also saints.
They were canonized as saints in 1964 by Pope Paul VI.
Andrew of Constantinople is considered a saint by the Eastern Orthodox Church, and is revered as a Fool for Christ.
Saint Gaudentius of Rimini was born in Ephesus in Asia Minor.
Saint Augusta of Treviso, also known as Augusta of Ceneda, Augusta of Tarvisium, or Augusta of Serravalle, is venerated as a virgin martyr.
Our Lady of Solitude of Porta Vaga, or commonly Our Lady of Porta Vaga, is the Patroness of Cavite province in the Philippines.
Breck is commemorated on April 2 on the Episcopal calendar of saints.
More recent research associates him not with Patrick but with Palladius.
At her father's advice she took the vow of virginity and became a nun.
Alipy of the Caves - Eastern Orthodox saint, monk and famous painter of icons from the cave monastery of Kiev Pechersk Lavra.
He was born at the castle of Marly, Montmorency, and was trained as a knight.
Saint Edward was one of England's national saints until King Edward III adopted Saint George as the national patron saint c. 1350.
He evangelized the town of Acci, identified as Guadix, and became its first bishop.
He later renounced worldly life and became a mystic.
Saint Philotheos was a Coptic Orthodox martyr and saint.
The Blessed Thomas Aufield, also called Thomas Alfield, was an English Roman Catholic martyr.
Saint Brendan of Birr was one of the early Irish monastic saints.
Blessed Lawrence Richardson of Great Crosby, Lancashire, was an English martyr.
Saint Nicetas was Bishop of Remesiana, present-day Bela Palanka in the Pirot District of modern Serbia, which was then in the Roman province of Dacia Mediterranea.
He must not be confused with another St. Richard, the first Bishop of Andria, who was appointed by Pope Saint Gelasius I, in 492.
Paraskevi became a preacher, and according to tradition, converted a man named Antoninus to Christianity.
Jili was a descendant of Saint Gilani, the founder of the Qadiriyya dervish order.
The deaths of these martyrs occurred between 70-79.
He appears only four times in the New Testament, each time in a list of the twelve apostles.
The cathedral at Fidenza is dedicated to him.
He was born in Niardo, in the Brescia, around 1150.
She veiled her head with an old dishrag and some time was treated with contempt by other nuns.
The crucifix is remarkable for having come into existence miraculously and spontaneously and without the work of human hands.
She was a noted mystic of her era.
Saint Donatus, also called Donato of Zara, was a Dalmatian saint who became a bishop and a diplomat for the Dalmatian city-state of Zadar.
was a French nobleman who became a Cistercian monk.
In 1648 by order of Teimuraz he invaded Ertso in order to make Ertso-Tianeti subordinate to the King.
Secundus is one of the group of Seven Apostolic Men, Christian clerics ordained in Rome by Saints Peter and Paul and sent to evangelize Spain.
The pair had ten children; eight joined religious life.
Saint Nicola Saggio was an Italian Roman Catholic professed oblate of the Order of Minims.
In 319 John had attained the officer rank of centurion.
Theodore of Perge was a Roman soldier, and Philippa was his mother.
When his grandfather died in 1294, Gerard received other assets that were administered by his father, since the future saint was underage at the time.
She was born to a farming family.
The Dominican order appropriated her after her death through the redaction of her vita, but probably belonged to none of the mendicant orders during her lifetime.
He played a prominent role in the Irish Church Reform Movement of the 12th century and mediated between the parties during and after the invasion.
He died either in 918 or between around 909 and 925.
Billfrith is an obscure Northumbrian saint credited with providing the jewel and metalwork encrusting the former treasure binding of the Lindisfarne Gospels.
Saint Junian was a 5th-century Christian hermit at the location later named after him, Saint-Junien.
Theonas tried several times to poison Theopemptus, but each time the poison left him unharmed.
Her legend states that she was of noble birth and promised to a Moor in an arranged marriage.
Unlike other saints he was not found in early martyrologies, appearing for the first time in a twelfth century Hungarian liturgical calendar.
He and Thaddeus are credited with the Liturgy of Addai and Mari.
Ferdinand was canonized in 1671 by Pope Clement X and, in Spanish, he is known as Fernando el Santo, San Fernando or San Fernando Rey.
Blessed Elisabetta Canori Mora was an Italian Roman Catholic professed member from the Secular Trinitarians.
Joachim and Anne are not mentioned in the Bible.
Archaeological excavations of an underground cemetery constructed at her tomb have shown that she was venerated at Bolsena by the fourth century.
Saint Nicetius was a bishop of Trier, born in the latter part of the fifth century, exact date unknown; died in 563 or more probably 566.
However, some authorities identify him as the 5th-century Bishop of Toul, France.
Three symbols characterizes him; cross, spear and shield.
Ninian's major shrine was at Whithorn in Galloway, where he is associated with the Candida Casa.
St. Jose Maria Rubio was a Spanish Jesuit, known as the Apostle of Madrid by the Bishop of Madrid.
St. Roderick's Convent and Hospital in Cabra, established in the 16th century, bears his name.
He was buried in the church which he had built at Clermont in honour of St. Symphorian, and which later took his own name.
She is honored as a saint by the Catholic Church.
He was an early bishop of the Roman Catholic Church in Brescia, Italy and was martyred during the persecutions of Christians by Nero.
Saint Adrian or Adrian of Nicomedia was a Herculian Guard of the Roman Emperor Galerius Maximian.
He was later canonised and his liturgical feast day was assigned as 20 June.
Gaius Sollius Modestus Apollinaris Sidonius, better known as Saint Sidonius Apollinaris, was a poet, diplomat, and bishop.
In old age he retired from the office of abbot and became a hermit.
In later life, he served as a bishop, but little is known about the places where he worked.
He was a familiaris of emperors Lothair I and Louis II and was made a Papal legate because of his connections with the Roman curia.
The Bollandists published seven early lives of Hubertus; the first of these was the work of a contemporary, though it is very sparing of details.
Venerable Macarius of the Yellow Water Lake and the Unzha, the Miracle Worker is a Russian Orthodox saint.
It is unclear how the relics of Fortunatus reached Rome from the saint’s supposed place of death in the Swiss Alps.
He is the Catholic patron saint of farmers and of Madrid, and of La Ceiba, Honduras.
The Shrine of Our Lady of Lebanon draws millions of faithful both Christians and Muslims from all over the world.
Agrippinus was a bishop of Carthage at the close of the second and beginning of the third century.
A member of the noble Uberti family of Florence, he became a Vallumbrosan monk.
He was proclaimed to be Venerable in 2013 on the account of his life of heroic virtue.
He is one of the thirty-six Doctors of the Church.
Saint Aurea of Ostia is venerated as the patron saint of Ostia.
Wærstan was a medieval Bishop of Sherborne, venerated as a saint in the Roman Catholic and Eastern Orthodox Churches.
He was eventually martyred and buried in the spot now occupied by the Santuario di San Magno.
The day of the beatification was special as it marked the 20th anniversary since the publication of the Familiari Consortia an Apostolic Exhortation.
Her feast day is celebrated on 26 July and her favorite colors are yellow and pink.
He is buried in Evesham, with Saints Ecgwine and Wigstan.
Irenarchus, Hermit of Rostov, was born into a peasant family in the village of Kondakovo in the Rostov district of Russia.
When Redemptus died, Magnus was proclaimed bishop of Trani by the people and local clerics.
Her legend states that as she fell dead, her spirit emerged from her body in the form a dove.
According to Islamic tradition, he was, along with Caleb, one of the two believing spies whom Moses had sent to spy the land of Canaan.
He was, according to Eusebius, a Jewish Christian born to Jewish parents who kept the Law of the Torah.
Lillian Hunt Trasher was a Christian missionary to Asyut, Egypt, as well as the founder of the first orphanage in Egypt.
He also dreamed unceasingly about reuniting the Catholic and Orthodox churches and going to the Orient.
Saint Pamphilus, was a presbyter of Caesarea and chief among biblical scholars of his generation.
In 744 Saint Willibrord, the first Bishop of Utrecht, had died but had received no successor.
His memorial is 24 November; this memorial celebrates all of the Vietnamese Martyrs of the 17th, 18th, and 19th centuries.
Born in Leinster, Deicolus studied at Bangor.
This was risky: He lived in an era where the Confucian government did not approve of people spreading their own faiths.
Saint Petronius was bishop of Bologna during the fifth century.
Pope Francis recognized her life of heroic virtue and proclaimed her to be Venerable on 3 April 2014.
He was born at Trier, Germany, moved to Rome with his family and was subsequently trained as a lawyer.
He is called a philosopher, but it is not certain that the term is to be taken literally.
Spanish and Portuguese missionaries spread his cult worldwide.
He was the son of Betton, Count of Tonnerre, "Blessed Betto," a member of the royal house of the Kingdom of Burgundy.
She wanted her new congregation to focus on the care of the sick and the poor.
Upon being brought before him, she refused his advances and was punished by being roasted alive.
An angel told him in a vision to escape this city and hide out in a deserted place near the Metauro River.
Saint Patricia of Naples is an Italian virgin martyr and saint.
She had been beatified by the Catholic Church for the holiness of her life.
His abbot tried to dissuade him, to no avail, and Demetrius returned to Tripoli and publicly confessed his re-conversion to Christianity several times.
Saint Gebhard of Constance was a bishop of Constance from 979 until 995.
Agilulfus came from a good family and was educated under Abbot Angelinus at Stavelot.
Known as the "Apostle of Ireland", he is the primary patron saint of Ireland, along with saints Brigit of Kildare and Columba.
He was a Greek who was converted to Christianity by Saint Apollinaris.
Maria Teresa Nuzzo was a Roman Catholic nun, founder of the religious institute Daughters of the Sacred Heart.
Later in his life he assumed the name of "John Baptist of the Conception".
After her death, Ignace Bourget, with whom she had worked closely throughout her life, proposed that Cadron-Jetté be considered for canonization by the Roman Catholic Church.
They are venerated as saints in the Oriental Orthodox Church and their feast day is 10 December.
Pious Catholic beliefs also associate Saint Teresa with the Infant Jesus of Prague with claims of former ownership and devotion.
Cesare Baronio inserted his name into the Roman Martyrology under June 4.
He converted to Christianity and was named bishop of Nicosia.
The biblical narrative of Jonah is repeated, with a few notable differences, in the Quran.
According to his biographer, the Egyptian monk Saint Pambo, he spent 57 years in isolation in the Scetis Desert in communion with God.
He is a Catholic and Orthodox saint, feast day March 24.
Further, he also indicates, as St Augustine did regarding the "true religion" that predated Christianity, that the "seeds of Christianity" actually predated Christ's incarnation.
His relics are still preserved in the cathedral of Apt, of which he is one of the patrons.
Together with his alleged murderer Lalli, Henry remains one of the most recognized people from the early history of Finland.
However, Maximus makes no precise geographic or temporal references regarding Solutor, Octavius, and Adventor.
She has been declared a saint by the Catholic Church.
David conquers Jerusalem, taking the Ark of the Covenant into the city, and establishing the kingdom founded by Saul.
Holweck believes that her story was fabricated, de Voragine presents it as legendary but not outright fiction.
Saint Gerald, considered by his Church and his followers as a great example of a celibate Christian aristocrat, is the patron saint of counts and bachelors.
She was accused of treason, found guilty by a court-martial and sentenced to death.
She founded her own convent and the city of Mons grew around it.
He was ordered executed in 297 by crucifixion.
When he received wine again, Thietmar began to distrust his servant.
The subject is also notable as one where the whole Christian Trinity is often shown together, sometimes in unusual ways.
Saint Cathróe was a monk and abbot.
When she was 25, an angel appeared, telling her to return to homeland.
He was a companion of Kilian and Totnan as missionaries to Franconia.
Bruno of Segni, O.S.B., was a Catholic prelate, who Bishop of Segni and Abbot of Montecassino.
He served as bishop from 1121 to November 5, 1123.
Luke Spicola was an Italian Catholic priest belonging to the Order of Friars Preachers.
He succeeded Serapion as Patriarch of Antioch in 211.
He died in the Makati, Philippines in 1971.
The stones are inscribed with an unusual formula, used in the 4th century in Italy and Gaul.
But it is legendary and not reliable.
The Mosque of Habib-i Neccar, below Mount Silpius, contains the tomb of Habib along with that of Sham'un Al-Safa.
Fantinus lived a life of extreme asceticism, eating only raw vegetables, and occupying his time copying manuscripts.
The Cathedral of Our Lady and St. Lambert in Liege was built in his honor.
Frederick was Bishop of Liege, succeeding Bishop Alexander.
He is the 'twin' of Saint Sabbas the Goth.
She later became known as "Mama Antula" and took as her religious name "María Antonia of Saint Joseph" upon becoming a professed religious.
Gerald of Braga, born in Cahors, Gascony, was a Benedictine monk at Moissac, France.
He is commemorated on 11 December according to the liturgical calendars of these churches.
She is primarily commemorated in the village of Saint Osyth, Essex, near Colchester.
The brethren rejoiced...and thus they appointed Theodosius to be their abbot.
He became known as an Apostle of Confession and an Apostle of Unity.
Symeon wrote and spoke frequently about the importance of experiencing directly the grace of God, often talking about his own experiences of God as divine light.
He is known in Brazil as the "Apostle of Charity" for his charitable treatment of the poor.
Saint Domnina is venerated as a martyr by the Catholic Church.
As a young man, he became a hermit near Toulon and then at Lérins Abbey to devote himself to a life of prayer and asceticism.
Saint Afan of Builth was an early 6th-century Welsh bishop, martyr, and saint.
Stephen of Obazine, was a French priest and hermit, famed for his pious nature, even from a young age.
Saint Euplius is venerated as a martyr and saint by the Eastern Orthodox Church and the Catholic Church.
His name 'Polycarp' means 'much fruit' in Greek.
Alcuin of York—also called Ealhwine, Alhwin or Alchoin—was an English scholar, clergy, poet and teacher from York, Northumbria.
She is included in the Golden Legend.
He was made Bishop of Bourges in 541 and served until his death.
Photius's great uncle was a previous Patriarch of Constantinople, Tarasius.
As with most of Greece at the time, the region was ruled by the Ottoman Empire.
Epiphanius additionally held the offices of lector, subdeacon and deacon.
All that is known of St Mildgytha was that she was a nun and that “miraculous powers were often exhibited” at her tomb in Northumbria.
His place and date of birth are unknown.
Born in Parma, Italy, to Anglo-saxon parents, who escaped to Italy, from the Norman conquest of England.
Ambrose of Alexandria was a friend of the Christian theologian Origen.
He later married a Christian woman and when he told her about his story she told him that his baptism isn't accurate.
He is seen as a testament to the Serbians' strong faith.
Saint Maximin was the fifth bishop of Trier, according to the list provided by the diocese's website, taking his seat in 341/342.
Martinian and Processus were Christian martyrs of ancient Rome.
Saint Adelelmus, O.S.B., also known as Aleaunie and Lesmes, was a French-born Benedictine monk venerated as a saint in the Roman Catholic Church.
The struggle waged against simony in the eleventh century led to violent scenes in several Italian cities.
He is remembered as one of the Martyrs of Uganda's feast day.
The building was completed after 6 years, for which parts of the Byzantine tower of Duke Alexis Apokaukos were re-used as building material.
Lorcán Ua Tuathail, also known as Saint Laurence O'Toole was Archbishop of Dublin at the time of the Norman invasion of Ireland.
While temporarily dead, Dryhthelm was apparently given a tour of the afterlife by a celestial guide.
Origen often speaks of Ambrose in affectionately as a man of education with excellent literary and scholarly tastes.
Cain and Abel were sons of Adam and Eve in the biblical Book of Genesis.
Catellus returned to Stabia and dedicated himself to expanding the church that he had helped found.
He was the founder of the first Diocese of the lands surrounding Lake Mälaren, today the Diocese of Strängnäs.
After serving as bishop for five years, fearing for his own soul, he left Clermont secretly and went to Rome in the garb of a pilgrim.
Theophan the Recluse, also known as Theophan Zatvornik or Theophanes the Recluse is a well-known saint in the Russian Orthodox Church.
In this church he was in charge of the so-called Congregazione dei Figlioli.
Torquatus, Caecilius, Ctesiphon, Euphrasius, Hesychius, and Secundius.
He was the tenth person in what is now the United States to be recognized as a saint by the Catholic Church.
Saint Emmanuel, was arrested and executed with 42 other martyrs, including Quadratus and Theodocius, in 304 as part of Diocletian's persecution of the Christians.
Firmilian had them further tortured to discover the location of their true country, and at last, tired with tormenting them, condemned them to be beheaded.
She was beatified by Pope John Paul II on February 18, 1981 in Manila, and canonized on October 18, 1987 at Vatican City.
A widow without children, she founded, together with Jean Soreth, the first monastery of the Carmelites in France, in 1463.
La Seo Cathedral contains a chapel dedicated to Justa and Rufina.
However, Venera survived all of these tortures and converted the men who were assigned to torture her.
Gregory is a Doctor of the Church and one of the Latin Fathers.
She is venerated as one of nine sisters, one of whom is Saint Liberata.
He is regarded as a saint, and included in the Syrian Martyrology of Rabban Silba.
He is the patron saint of travellers and the various aspects of farming.
According to Christianity, he is part of the Genealogy of Jesus as mentioned in Luke 3:38.
After being forced to return again, this time Walter decided to go to Rome to appeal directly to the Pope.
On this journey, many of the companions died from exhaustion and abuse, and the others were killed in Chalcedon.
Michele Carcano was an Italian Franciscan preacher.
He is the patron saint of Södermanland and the Diocese of Strängnäs.
His feast day is the 7th of June.
He is commemorated in the liturgical calendars of several Protestant and Anglican churches.
Two churches in Gloucestershire are dedicated to Arilda, one at Oldbury-on-Severn near her traditional home, a second at Oldbury-on-the-Hill.
He used to go to church with his mother.
Viator of Lyons is a French saint of the fourth century.
Not much is known about Juniper before he joined the friars.
Saint Rasso of Andechs was a Bavarian count and military leader, pilgrim, and saint.
He may have emigrated to escape Viking raids in his native land.
Damballa also spelled Damballah is one of the most important of all the loa.
Saturninus and Honestus evangelized in Spain, and Honestus was martyred at Pampeluna during the persecutions of Aurelian.
The mention of purgatory within the text is vital in understanding the eighth-century Christian viewpoint on the afterlife.
John Gabriel Perboyre, C.M., was a French priest, who served as a missionary in China, where he became a martyr.
Later she became a nun herself, and when Odilia founded the abbey of Niedermünster, Gundelina became a nun there.
Saint Robert of Bury was an English boy, allegedly murdered and found in the town of Bury St Edmunds, Suffolk in 1181.
He is claimed to be a direct descendant of Flavius Afranius Syagrius, being a rare case for descent from antiquity.
He wrote hagiographies of both Saint Stephen of Perm and St. Sergius.
I have the Lord Jesus Christ as my father, the Theotokos as my mother, and the saints as my brothers and sisters."
It is also another name for Saint Eleutherius, venerated with Saint Antia.
Outside of Sweden, she was also known as the Princess of Nericia and was the mother of Catherine of Vadstena.
After seeing Jerusalem, she settled in convent in the river Jordanian desert.
Like Baron and the Ghede, she uses obscenities.
He is also honored with a feast day on the liturgical calendar of the Episcopal Church in the United States of America on January 3.
The titulus Byzantii or Pammachii was consequently known at a very early date by the names of the two martyrs.
Assuming Dominic was awake for 20 hours a day, that gives 2,500 lashes per hour, which would result in 41 lashes per minute.
He is the Patron Saint of Derry.
His feast day is observed on June 22 in both the Roman Catholic and Eastern Orthodox Churches.
Ubald of Gubbio was a medieval bishop of Gubbio, in Umbria, today venerated as a saint by the Catholic Church.
The church was later completed by his successor Exuperius.
[a]t liberty in England six or seven years.
Most information about St Machan is lost.
Saint Colman or Kolonat was an Irish-born Christian missionary.
This hierarchy became known as the Belokrinitskaya Hierarchy.
He then removed himself to the Forest of Teil and is said to have defeated a dragon which was terrorising the area.
His relics are located at Killith monastery in Mesopotamia, where he had served as abbot.
Verena is venerated as a saint by the Coptic Orthodox Church, by the Roman Catholic Church, and by the Eastern Orthodox Church.
For as long as Mandrapa could speak, he told Friganović "radi ti, dijete, svoj posao.
He is also known as a prophet by Christians and Muslims, and is mentioned in the second chapter of the Qur'an, although not by name.
Finnian of Moville was an Irish Christian missionary.
Saint Amabilis of Riom was a French saint.
While waiting for then-archbishop James Hayes to retire, Archbishop Camomot resigned for health reasons on 17 June 1970.
The tsar allowed the marriage and returned Duklja to Vladimir, who ruled as his vassal.
Saint Nebridius was bishop of Egara and then bishop of Barcelona from 540 to around 547 AD.
Although unsuccessful in this mission, Sophronius was elected patriarch of Jerusalem in 634.
Paul would later return to his native Hungary, to establish the Dominican Order there.
He was frequently derided, and even considered to be out of his wits, for this saying, since there had never been an emperor from Cappadocia.
After her husband's death she sent her children away and regained her dowry, using the money to build a hospital where she herself served the sick.
Bracchio subsequently became the abbot of Menat in the Auvergne, and re-established strict monastic discipline there.
She had, besides Gregory, a second son.
He took the name of "Stanislaus of Jesus and Mary".
Later, Aristarchus returned with Paul from Greece to Asia.
Servant of God William Finnemann was a priest of the Society of the Divine Word, auxiliary bishop of Manila and apostolic vicar of Calapan, the Philippines.
Ferréol's motive lay in hopes of making conversions, according to the Vita Ferreoli, apud Marcus Antonius Dominicy, Ausberti Familia Rediviva, published in Paris, 1648.
Blessed Benedict Daswa, born Tshimangadzo Samuel Daswa, was a South African school teacher and principal.
He entered the Augustinians and in 1104 was appointed Bishop of Barbastro in Spain, remaining in that position until his death of natural causes in 1126.
A brief rebellion led by Lorraine nobility in 1046 was defeated by Emperor Henry, and the Council of Aachen in 1049 saw Bernold's see expanded.
They were killed by beasts in the Roman arena.
He was born and raised by a wealthy family in Lisbon, Portugal, and died in Padua, Italy.
He is said to be the male guardian of the cemetery, protecting its graves.
His feast day is celebrated on the day of his repose, July 26.
Saint Gregory the Illuminator  is the patron saint and first official head of the Armenian Apostolic Church.
The saint is said to have accomplished several miracles, such as successfully fighting a dragon, purifying well waters, saving the emperors' daughter, and reviving the dead.
The saint's name was eventually discovered, and the body was buried in the church in Pescara that was later dedicated to him, San Cetteo.
Saints Gervasius and Protasius are venerated as Christian martyrs, probably of the 2nd century.
He died in his monastery around 570.
He was canonized on October 23, 2005, by Pope Benedict XVI, becoming his country's second saint.
Saint Alexius was Metropolitan of Kiev and all Russia, and presided over the Moscow government during Dmitrii Donskoi's minority.
His Book of Prayers, also known as "Book of Lamentations", a long mystical poem in 95 sections written around 977, has been translated into many languages.
The captive's sermons persuaded Enravota to convert to Christianity and be baptized.
According to traditional belief, he was killed during the Roman emperor Diocletian's persecution of Christians.
Moses spent the rest of his life in the Kiev Cave Monastery.
The idiomela are "exceptionally rich in doctrinal content, summing up the whole theology of the Great Fast".
Saints Denise, Dativa, Leontia, Tertius, Emilianus, Boniface, Majoricus, and Servus are venerated as martyrs by the Catholic Church.
She is now remembered in the Calendar of saints in some parts of the Anglican Communion on 26 March.
His liturgical feast is observed on 23 May.
However, his birth date is uncertain: suggestions range from 462 to 512.
Saint Hubertus or Hubert became Bishop of Liège in 708 AD.
Her hagiography was written by Nicodemus the Hagiorite.
Perhaps his most popular quotation amongst Orthodox believers is "Acquire a peaceful spirit, and thousands around you will be saved."
Saints Severinus of Sanseverino and Victorinus of Camerino were brothers who were both bishops and hermits of the 6th century.
However, she was removed and isolated because of the severe austerites she imposed.
His tongue was cut out, he was blinded and then, finally beheaded.
Torquatus, Caecilius, Ctesiphon, Euphrasius, Indaletius, and Secundius.
In her last years, Jutta moved to the frontier of Christian Europe.
She later assumed the name of "Florida" after she joined religious life.
He founded the congregation of Missionary Sons of the Immaculate Heart of Mary, commonly called the Claretians.
After some time, he moved to the mountain of Ansena.
"In the seventh generation from Adam," he was considered the author of the Book of Enoch and also called Enoch the scribe of judgment.
Tradition states that Martha was cast into a well.
He is honored as a martyr by the Catholic Church.
John was the spiritual son of St. Pharmutius who discipled him for a time.
Symeon was born into the Byzantine nobility and given a traditional education.
Meanwhile, the imperial governor began persecuting Christians, following the orders of Emperor Maximian.
Later in 1174, Cornelius was consecrated bishop.
Born in Oisy, France, she refused all offers of marriage, becoming, aged 23, a hermitess at Groot-Bijgaarden, near Brussels.
At the age of 17 he found himself on a ship bound for Athos.
John Colgan speaks as if he were inclined to identify both these persons with the author of an early Irish hymn upon Saint Brigid.
Both bore the same name, but were distinguished by the difference in the colour of their hair and complexions.
He also spent time in study at Lolomboy, Bocaue, Bulacan, Philippines, where today he is also venerated.
No contemporary Vita of Rasso has survived and various legends arose around his cult in the late Middle Ages.
Blessed Giuseppe Girotti was an Italian Roman Catholic priest and a professed member from the Order of Preachers.
Britius is also named as a bishop of Spoleto and of Foligno.
In 754 he started on his last missionary trip accompanied by Eoban, who was to share his martyrdom.
Dionysius Exiguus was a 6th-century monk born in Scythia Minor.
Various miracles and supernatural events are attributed to her intercession.
The feast is celebrated on June 3.
In 1138 Guarinus was appointed Bishop of Sion and later became revered as a saint.
Scholars generally believe that it is authentic although in the form we have it may have been edited by others.
He also played an important part in the establishment and promotion of the Cult of Saint Alban.
He was a disciple of Saint Beuno.
Some scholars therefore argue the stories preserve a more modest account of the conversion of a Romano-British chieftain, possibly by Roman emissaries by these names.
She and her mother had great influence over their multiracial following.
Genesius is considered the patron saint of actors, lawyers, barristers, clowns, comedians, converts, dancers, people with epilepsy, musicians, printers, stenographers, and victims of torture.
The immediate issues in the conflict were the question of papal precedence over the patriarch, and jurisdiction over newly converted Bulgaria.
Notwithstanding her poverty she found means to help the poor by sharing with them her allowance of bread.
They may even be the same person.
A wreath was a symbol of martyrdom among ancient Christians.
Saint Ignazia Verzeri was an Italian Roman Catholic who became a Benedictine nun and established the Daughters of the Sacred Heart of Jesus.
He was hanged, drawn, and quartered at Tyburn for declining to sign the Oath of Supremacy.
He is one of the 120 Martyrs of China who were canonized on 1 October 2000 by Pope John Paul II.
Tradition states that Victor was a Praefectus cohortis of a Cohort of the Theban Legion.
He is also remembered from a phrase from one of his letters: Christianus mihi nomen est, catholicus vero cognomen.
Æthelthryth is the name for the Anglo-Saxon saint known, particularly in a religious context, as Etheldreda or Audrey.
Ymar is also the name of one of the Cthulhu Mythos celestial bodies.
He was a disciple of Germanus of Auxerre, from whom he took his baptismal name.
She was the founder of the Capuchin Sisters of Mother Rubatto.
He was a zealous Christian evangelist and was arrested and beheaded under Diocletian at Nicaea.
Born to a family of humble means,
Rabban is the Syriac term for monk.
16:2] by her status as a deacon and prostatis—one who should be esteemed highly "because of their work"[1 Thes.
As a result of his moderate approach to Ukrainian nationalism, he would be labeled a "sellout" by the OUN and was left fearing for his life.
He served as abbot of Longoret until his death in 655 AD.
The "Itineraries" and other early authorities likewise give this as their place of burial.
Saint Lorgius and San Lorgio) is venerated as a martyr.
Pope John Paul II beatified her when he visited Canada in 1984 and she has been granted the title of Blessed.
Botvid lies buried in Botkyrka, today a suburb of Stockholm in the east of Södermanland.
Another St. Liberalis was bishop of Embrun from 920-940.
His inspiration and writings led to the founding of the Little Brothers of Jesus among other religious congregations.
Congresbury itself is first mentioned in Asser's Life of Alfred as a derelict Celtic monastery, probably related to Congar.
She took the name of "Maria Vincenza" when she became a nun.
His relics were transferred to Hirsau Abbey in Germany.
She was recognised in particular for her healing.
Saint Rudesind was a Galician bishop and abbot.
She has been declared a saint by the Catholic Church.
The original church structures, known as David's Church, are believed to date to about the year 1055.
He was the son of a Persian slave from Kabul who became a disciple of Hasan al-Basri.
The Visigothic legislation that resulted from these councils influenced the beginnings of representative government.
Eusebius of Vercelli was a bishop and saint in Italy.
Like many of her fellow female saints of Anglo-Saxon England, little is known about her life.
Upon becoming a friar he assumed the religious name of "Josep from Igualada" and went on to preach in across both Spain and France.
Elizabeth of Hungary, commemorated on November 17.
One of his most famous sayings is:
Around 630, the building of the monastery was completed.
He was venerated as Saint Venantius Fortunatus during the Middle Ages.
She was born at Boves, near Amiens, to a noble family that was associated with the court of Clovis II.
He combated Jansenism in his parish due to the threat that it posed to the faith.
Saint Gal of Clermont was the sixteenth Bishop of Clermont, holding that see from 527 to 551.
Correa was born at Tepechitlán, Zacatecas, Mexico.
Stachys the Apostle, was the second bishop of Byzantium, from AD 38 to AD 54.
He is said to have baptized Saint Marina and her sisters after they were abandoned by their mother.
He is venerated as a saint in the Catholic Church and the Anglican Communion.
Saint Torquatus is venerated as the patron saint of Guadix, Spain.
Sabbas was one of the first disciples of Sergius of Radonezh and spent almost whole his life in Trinity-St. Sergius Lavra.
Blessed José Olallo Valdés was a Cuban professed religious and a professed member from the Brothers Hospitallers of Saint John of God.
According to the Genesis account, he died at the age of 137.
He joined the missions in Brazil where he served until his death and was known for his educational work with the poor.
David E. Thornton suggests that he is a manifestation of the cult of St Findbarr, from north-east Ulster.
He built the bridge single-handedly; ecclesiastical and civil authorities refused to help him.
Joel was a prophet of ancient Israel, the second of the twelve minor prophets and the author of the Book of Joel.
Displeased with the loose discipline prevailing there, he instead entered the abbey of Luxeuil, which had just been founded by Columbanus.
Blessed Margareta Ebner was a German professed religious from the Dominican Nuns.
Saint Ailbe, usually known in English as St Elvis, Eilfyw or Eilfw, was regarded as the chief 'pre-Patrician' saint of Ireland.
This arrangement, however, was entered into with the consent of all the bishops of Palestine.
John Twenge is an English saint of the 14th century.
Junian's monastery at Mairé was partially destroyed during the wars of Pepin the Short and Charlemagne but survived for another thousand years.
According to tradition, he was born on the portico of the local church.
He is regarded as a saint, by both the Orthodox and Roman Catholic Churches, with a feast day of 12 May.
They then tried to set her on fire with torches, but could not do so.
Saint John Bosco, popularly known as Don Bosco [ˈdɔn ˈbɔsko], was an Italian Roman Catholic priest, educator and writer of the 19th century.
He was paraded around Damietta in this state and subjected to insults and humiliation.
Sidonius Apollinaris brought Amabilis to serve at Clermont.
The historical list of bishops of Brescia is not established so far back as the early persecutions in the 2nd century.
He was the Abbot of Peterborough Abbey from 989AD to 1016AD, and may have been one of the moneyers at the Peterborough Abbey Mint.
Baring-Gould gives her feast day as 27 October, but this has been called a mistaken conflation with Saint Ia.
There is some evidence that he was a Platonist before his conversion, but this is not certain.
The Syriac Orthodox Church keeps their feast on September 2.
She is known as the Liberator of the Slaves in the New World, and as the mother of the town of Mana, French Guiana.
He is credited with writing the first major work of Catalan literature.
A Church was built at his gravesite.
Well, here you're right because did you see a Greek leave his country and ancestry like you do?"
The bear became docile and carried Romedius on its back to Trento.
Both Juventius and Syrus are reported to have been the first bishop of Pavia.
Blessed Antonia Mesina was an Italian Roman Catholic and part of Catholic Action.
Later oral tradition has supplemented this with sometimes conflicting detail.
An Early Christian Apologist, he wrote in the time of Marcus Aurelius against Marcion.
His relics, which for a time were in the Cathedral of Braga, were later transferred to the Shrine of Santiago de Compostela in the year 1102.
Theodard was uncle to his successor Lambert of Maastricht, and therefore brother or brother-in-law to Robert II, Lord Chancellor of France.
There, she was apparently cured by a miracle.
After his ordination he returned to his native district, preached the Gospel, and built a church at Sarchinium, on the River Cicindria.
He was tortured and martyred by Ottoman Turks on 9 April 1463.
Elijah appears with Moses during the Transfiguration of Jesus.
After Trajan had reigned for nineteen and a half years Ælius Adrian became his successor in the empire.
His brother Julián Moreno, OAR, is also venerated as a Blessed because of his martyrdom in Motril.
By the time he was thirty, Symeon the New Theologian became the abbot of the Monastery of St. Mammas, a position he held for twenty-five years.
With a comfortable inheritance, the young ascetic dispensed it in Christ's name, the father gave his blessing and young Pavel left home forever.
Trajan ordered that Romulus be arrested and tortured to death in the same manner as those in whose defense he had spoken.
Saint Wiborada of St. Gall was a member of the Swabian nobility in what is present-day Switzerland.
According to one source, “it would appear that Sixtus did not die as a martyr, despite the severity of the persecution during the era.”
When this didn't work, he went up to the guards of a nearby leader and told them he had apostatized, which got him detained.
Venustian heard of the cure and sought a cure for his own eyes from Sabinus.
He is praised by Gregory the Great, who calls him a man of great virtue who took great care in attending to the sick.
His relics were kept in an urn; Fortunatus’ skull was crushed, indicating the cause of death to be a fatal blow to the head.
These sources associate her with the establishment of the parish of Advent in Cornwall.
According to the Gospel he left his parents and went to desert places.
He may be commemorated in the village Llanilid.
Saint Vincent was the second Bishop of Digne, from 380 to 394.
On 8 December 1933, Pope Pius XI declared Bernadette Soubirous a Saint of the Catholic Church.
Peter Wright was an English Jesuit Catholic priest and martyr.
Even though this made Armenia a client kingdom, various contemporary Roman sources thought that Nero had de facto ceded Armenia to the Parthian Empire.
Saint Caecilius is venerated as the patron saint of Granada, Spain.
However, the Ostrogoth soldier who had to perform this gruesome task took pity on the bishop and decapitated Herculanus before the flaying had been completed.
The ceremony was attended by the President of the Philippines, Benigno Aquino III who unveiled the image with honors.
The priests of the capital, in admiration of his piety, conferred upon him baptism and the other sacraments.
Saint Philip II of Moscow was a Russian Orthodox monk, who became Metropolitan of Moscow during the reign of Ivan the Terrible.
His life was compiled in the hagiographic work written by Giorgi Merchule in 951.
He was the last rector of the Sint Agathaklooster in Delft, until hanged without due process on 10 or 11 December 1572.
She is also thought to be one of the first documented cases of multiple sclerosis.
His cult dates at least from the eighth century.
Saint Vincent of Lérins was a Gallic author of early Christian writings.
Richard of Vaucelles was an English Cistercian monk, who was appointed by St. Bernard as the second abbot of the Vaucelles Abbey, France.
His feast day is celebrated on 29 January.
This is based on an inscription in the narthex of this church, handed down by the church historian Andreas Agnellus in the 9th century:
The Khazars however managed to retake the city in less than a year, and John was imprisoned in Phoulloi.
Mesina was murdered in mid-1935 after she attempted to fend off a would-be rapist and suffered 74 strikes with a stone before she died.
He was a counselor to Nero, but was eventually martyred at Pisa after he converted to Christianity.
And what if Sympson seemed to yield,
Soon afterward he withdrew further, to the neighbouring island of Lerona, where he devoted his time to study and mortification of the flesh.
He was an adversary of the dominant National Liberals, later involved with the opposition Romanian National Party.
Argeus and Narcissus were beheaded, while Marcellinus, only a boy, was flogged, imprisoned, and then drowned by being thrown into the Black Sea.
Tradition also makes him a martyr during the reign of Julian the Apostate.
His Bollandist reviewer thinks he has made a strong case.
She was also known for her compassionate treatment of the poor and also for her enlightened views of a fundamental Christian education.
When the latter was expelled from Luxeuil by King Theuderic II, Attala would have succeeded him as abbot, but preferred to follow him into exile.
Charles Frederick Frazier Mackenzie was a Church of England bishop of Central Africa.
The term "Mariolatry" is a Protestant pejorative label for perceived excessive Catholic devotion to Mary.
Herman of Valaam, by different sources was of Karelian or Greek origin.
He was born in Courcy, near Coutances, in the 6th century AD and became bishop of Coutances around 525.
Saint Anthony Maria Zaccaria was an early leader of the Counter Reformation.
Artaldus, also known as Arthaud, was a 13th-century Carthusian Bishop of Belley.
Wong Tai Sin or Huang Daxian is a Chinese Taoist deity popular in Jinhua 金華, Zhejiang 浙江 and Hong Kong with the power of healing.
However, he was reprieved until the Summer Assizes.
He was the second Native American ordained an Anglican priest; following Henry Budd.
The Blessed László Batthyány-Strattmann was a Hungarian aristocrat and physician.
Marinus was canonised as a saint, and later, the State of San Marino grew up from the centre created by the monastery.
There he achieved fame and became a preacher, being treated like a saint even in his lifetime, reputedly expelling demons and performing miracles.
Santa Muerte generally appears as a skeletal female figure, clad in a long robe and holding one or more objects, usually a scythe and a globe.
Saint William of Donjeon, also referred to as St William of Bourges and St William the Confessor, was Archbishop of Bourges from 1200 until 1209.
The Blessed Jordan of Saxony, O.P., was one of the first leaders of the Dominican Order.
He has been declared a saint by the Catholic Church.
He was the prior of Our Lady of Melwood, a Carthusian house at Epworth, on the Isle of Axholme, in north Lincolnshire, in 1531.
Angela of Foligno, T.O.S.F., was an Italian Franciscan tertiary who became known as a mystic from her extensive writings about her mystical revelations.
Margrethe of Roskilde, also called Margrethe of Ølse, was a Roman Catholic Danish local saint.
Lambert spent seven years in exile at the recently founded Abbey of Stavelot.
She was a deaconess of the early church.
He also worked for the poor and the outcast until his death.
Some held the view that only a life of celibacy could lead to salvation.
He is also remembered on the Synaxis of the Seventy Apostles on January 4.
After being comforted and inspired by Jonas and Barachius, they withstood torture and were killed on March 27, 326.
He was a hermit at Castel Raimondo near Torcello.
Following the death of St Botwine in 786AD, his replacement, Ealdberht was elected and consecrated Abbot.
Cointha was martyred by having her feet tied to a horse then being dragged through the streets of Alexandria.
Antony of Egypt, and Pachomius, commemorated on January 17
The historical Saint Nicholas, as known from strict history: He was born at Patara, Lycia in Asia Minor.
Willehad was born in Northumbria and probably received his education at York under Ecgbert.
Saint Darerca of Ireland was a sister of Saint Patrick.
When these two friars were also put to death, she turned to Father Giordano Ansaloni de San Esteban, a Dominican.
Victoria's husband begged her to abjure her faith and to think of her young children but she refused.
The nine banner-bearing Kherkheulidze brothers were also killed.
The name, meaning the "Great Immortal Wong", is the divine form of Huang Chuping or Wong Cho Ping, a Taoist hermit from Zhejiang.
He was a historical figure who was beheaded at Asti under Hadrian.
Movses Khorenatsi was a prominent Armenian historian from the period of Late Antiquity and the author of the History of Armenia.
Many French regimes encouraged her cult, and the Third Republic was sympathetic to the canonization petition prior to the 1905 separation of church and state.
The period of Hosea's ministry extended to some sixty years and he was the only prophet of Israel of his time who left any written prophecy.
She died in Angers, France, in 1868 and was canonized by Pope Pius XII in 1940.
In 2002, her feast was restored to the General Roman Calendar as an optional memorial.
The description was misinterpreted as a proper name.
He has been confused with Saint Colman of Templeshanbo who was from Connacht and lived somewhat earlier.
During his life, Michael de Sanctis led a life of prayer and mortification.
Antoninus became an abbot of the Benedictine monastery of San Agrippino, succeeding Boniface in this capacity.
Saint Sigiramnus, also known as Saint Cyran, was an abbot and confessor of the 7th century.
Saint Simon Stock, an Englishman who lived in the 13th century, was an early prior general of the Carmelite religious order.
In 2009, Lithuanian historian Algimantas Bučys raised hypothesis that she might be a daughter of Tautvilas, who escaped to Novgorod after her father's murder by Treniota.
It was substantiated later by six other successful voyages of the Manila-Acapulco Galleons with the image aboard as its patroness.
In the late Middle Ages, people in Germany and countries such as Latvia celebrated the feast of Vitus by dancing before his statue.
For their heroism, Nine Brothers Kherkheulidze with their mother and sister and nine thousand martyrs of Marabda were canonized by Georgian Orthodox Church.
Tewdrig ap Teithfallt, known simply as Tewdrig, was a king of the post-Roman Kingdom of Glywysing.
There he wrote an appeal to Robert Cecil, signed "George Barkworth".
The Council agreed that, by not providing compensation, Bishop Riccimer had obviated his duty and the acts of his will were rendered invalid.
The Hieromartyr Phocas is especially venerated as a defender against fires, and also as a helper of the drowning.
Sa'īd bin Zayd,, also known by his kunya Abu'l-Aawar, was a companion of the Islamic Prophet Muhammad.
was a Spanish friar of the Order of Saint Augustine who was a noted preacher, ascetic and religious writer of his day.
Saint Maria Domenica Mazzarello was the Italian founder of the Salesian Sisters.
His feast day is celebrated on October 30.
Saint Walter of Pontoise was a French saint of the eleventh century.
Nicomedia was Diocletian's chief place of residence and was half-Christian, the palace itself being filled with Christians.
Saint Maginus was a Catalan hermit in the late third and early fourth centuries in Tarragona.
His father Francis was a Knight of the Marquises of St. Catherine of Jonio, Papal Vice-Consul and Honorary Captain of the Navy.
His feast day is observed on December 23 in the Coptic Church or on December 21 in some other churches.
c.2 s.4 which prohibited publication of any book against the queen.
Wyoming's flag was presented to be flown in the National Cathedral in his honor.
Angelos married to another woman after Agne died.
The exact relationship between the Book of Isaiah and any such historical Isaiah is complicated.
Florentius of Peterborough was a seventh-century saint and martyr.
In 1917, he was made patron of the Artist's guild of Holland.
Carpus was bishop of Beroea in Macedonia.
He was the son of Conis and Saint Patrick's sister, Darerca.
Remaclus became a monk in 625 and was then ordained a priest.
His feast day in the Roman Catholic Church is March 13.
The Anglo-Russian Entente, designed to counter German attempts to gain influence in the Middle East, ended the Great Game between Russia and the United Kingdom.
After his death his wooden bowl was credited with miraculous powers.
Saint Giovanni Battista de' Rossi was an Italian Roman Catholic priest.
Saint Laud of Coutances was the fifth bishop of Coutances and is venerated as a saint in the Roman Catholic and Eastern Orthodox Churches.
She is the first Prioress of the Congregation of the Dominican Sisters of St. Catherine of Siena in the Philippines.
He was martyred, executed by a firing squad by Soviet authorities.
After her husband's death in 664, Seaxburh remained in Kent to bring up her children.
Francis Mary Paul Libermann was a 19th-century French Jewish convert to Catholicism who was a member of the Spiritan order.
Jerome de Angelis was an Italian Jesuit missionary to Japan.
Saint Evilasius was an executioner who tortured and executed a helpless 13-year-old girl who later became Saint Fausta.
The book of their "acts" has been lost.
Homobonus was able to pursue this calling in life easily as a result of the inheritance he received from his father, a prosperous tailor and merchant.
He was probably in relation with St. Arnaud of Tongeren, since we find his signature to the latter's testament in 679.
February 14 The Lutheran Service Book, with its penchant for the old Roman calendar, commemorates Valentine on this date.
She became a symbol of Christian charity after her death at the age of 24 and was quickly canonized.
The Blessed John Adams was an English Catholic priest and martyr.
He is included in the Syrian Martyrology of Rabban Silba.
After leaving university, he entered the English College at Reims then went to the English College, Douai, and was ordained priest on 29 March 1578.
They were eventually arrested and tortured, but refused to forsake Christianity.
She has been beatified by the Catholic Church, and is considered the patron saint of the poor, disabled and the unwanted.
Born in Armenia on November 17, 810, he lived before and during the second period of Byzantine Iconoclasm.
Little is known of his life, but documents attest that he was indeed bishop of Reggio Emilia in the fifth century.
If so, she was widowed around 589.
It is highly uncommon among the saints that he has two feast days: the 13th of August and the 21st of January.
As patron saint of the Mettlach parish, his relics are carried through the town by procession at the annual Pentecost celebration.
Tolentino is known to have had bishops by the fifth century.
Cyril left important writings documenting the instruction of catechumens and the order of the Liturgy in his day.
When Colluthus rebuked Arianus for persecuting the Christians, Arianus sent him to the governor of Oxyrhynchus who threw him in prison for three years.
Pope Pius VI beatified Factor on 27 August 1786.
He is distinct from James, son of Zebedee and in some interpretations also from James, brother of Jesus.
His cult was confirmed and acted as his formal beatification in 1764 under Pope Clement XIII.
In 1977 Chrodoara's sarcophagus was discovered in the choir of the Church of Saint George and Saint Ode.
Modern Romanians regard him as one of their greatest national heroes, although he also endures as a cult figure in Moldovenism.
The "faithful martyr" of Pergamon, "where Satan dwelleth".
Saint Ignatius of Santhià, born Lorenzo Maurizio Belvisotti, was an Italian Roman Catholic priest and a professed member of the Order of Friars Minor.
A "founders statue" created by Giacomo Parisini is located in an upper niche of the south nave of Saint Peter's Basilica.
Saint Mura was the first abbot of the monastery at Fahan, County Donegal, Ireland  He is the patron saint of Fahan.
After Eulampius was whipped, his sister Eulampia was arrested after she identified herself by emerging from a crowd to embrace and comfort him.
Tradition states that Justin was a priest and bishop, that Florentius and Felix were his siblings, and that Justa was his niece.
Agapetus of the Kiev Caves or Agapetus of Pechersk(born ??
Mother Rita Barcelo y Pages was the Superior Foundress of the Augustinian Sisters of Our Lady of Consolation and sister of the Ven.
It is recounted that Domninus picked up his severed head and placed it on the future site of the cathedral of San Donnino.
St Curig was a Celtic Roman Catholic bishop and saint of Wales during post Roman times.
Also called Anthony of the Caves he, together with Theodosius of Kiev, co-founded Kiev Pechersk Lavra.
She remains as a patron saint of her order.
The label "Calabrian" was a contemporary euphemism for "Westerner."
In Hungary, his feast day is also a public holiday commemorating the foundation of the state.
Abadiu of Antinoe is a saint of the Coptic Church.
According to Christian tradition, John the Apostle ordained Antipas as bishop of Pergamon during the reign of the Roman emperor Domitian.
Hilary of Poitiers was Bishop of Poitiers and is a Doctor of the Church.
He was beatified by Pope John Paul II in 1998.
Subsequently, Pope John Paul II established the Feast of Divine Mercy on that Sunday of each liturgical year.
The image is in Gothic style, from approximately the 13th century, carved in alabaster.
She was canonized by Pope Leo XIII on December 8, 1881.
Thereafter, he was appointed bishop and established the Church in Ethiopia, converting many indigenous people, as well as the king.
Charles exonerated him soon, but Rigobert did not reclaim his see.
Saint Asaph was, in the second half of the 6th century, the first Bishop of St Asaph, i.e.
He is considered the founder of the first Catholic schools.
The Roman Catholic Church keeps their feast on April 22.
Saint Eligius is the patron saint of goldsmiths, other metalworkers, and coin collectors.
His legend also states that he was a physician during the reign of Hadrian.
There is a saint of that name who was martyred at Zaragoza around 304 AD, who is mentioned by Prudentius.
The Venerable Matt Talbot, OFS was an Irish ascetic revered by many Catholics for his piety, charity and mortification of the flesh.
He has been declared a saint by the Catholic Church.
Clement appointed him Patriarch of Jerusalem in 1204 or 1205.
Saint Paraskeva of the Balkans was an ascetic female saint of the 10th century.
Unusually, he came from a family of saints, as his father, Auginus, mother, Agia, and brother, Deodatus, were all canonized.
Martha meanwhile was killed at a place called in Nimpha or Nymphae Catabassi, thirteen miles from Rome.
Some take this to be Soli, Cyprus, while others interpret it as Soli, Cilicia.
Pavel became very famous during his lifetime.
On several occasions the swollen waters were seen to open and afford her a passage without wetting her garments.
Her beatification was held on 21 September 1828.
The Synod of the Romanian Orthodox Church canonized Dosoftei in July 2005, a fact that was proclaimed on October 14, 2005.
In the Church of England he is commemorated on 25 September with a Lesser Festival.
She was canonized in 1970, as one of the Forty Martyrs of England and Wales.
The year following his death he was venerated and a few years later was canonised.
Ishmael was born to Abraham's and Sarah's handmaiden Hagar..
Saint Michael de Sanctis, sometimes called Michael of the Saints, was a Discalced Trinitarian priest from Vic, Catalonia.
He was a popular preacher throughout Europe, and was instrumental in introducing the widespread practice of nocturnal adoration of the Blessed Sacrament.
Her husband was so outraged by her conversion that he is said to have uttered “What!
Saint Juliana of Nicomedia is said to have suffered Christian martyrdom during the Diocletian persecution in 304.
This led to his exile in Libya, at the command of Emperor Constantius II.
Blessed Adílio Daronch was a Brazilian teenager who has been beatified by the Roman Catholic Church as a martyr.
He is considered the twenty-fifth bishop of Capua, as well as a bishop of Benevento.
Whereas the Monastery of the Caves is honored among the oldest of them all."
He entered the Benedictines monastery at Fonte-Avellana, and there he remained until he was appointed Bishop of Nocera, in 1217.
The Martyrology of Donegal, compiled by Michael O'Clery in the 17th century, records the manner of his death:
The man repented of his former ways, was baptised, and became a disciple of Nikon.
His name was Hoshe'a the son of Nun, of the tribe of Ephraim, but Moses called him Yehoshu'a the name by which he is commonly known.
When her corpse was brought from Fulltofta home to Benarp, the coffin-carriers rested at Hästäng.
Wendy Davies puts his episcopal reign between about 650 and 700.
As a classically trained orator and philosopher he infused Hellenism into the early church, establishing the paradigm of Byzantine theologians and church officials.
She associated with herself a number of virgins, who also desired to forsake the world, and formed them into a religious community.
He is venerated as a saint by the Roman Catholic Church and Christian communities of Western Rite Orthodoxy.
Saint Adwen or Adwenna was a 5th-century Christian virgin and saint.
Not to be confused with Theodorus Gaza.
The relics were solemnly translated to the cathedral of Ivrea within the city walls, and placed in the chapel of San Giacomo.
Philomena is the patron saint of infants, babies, and youth.
Xenophon of Robeika was a Russian Orthodox monk, later declared a saint.
Bernard would later comment that Gerard was his most formidable opponent during the whole schism.
The governor gave orders to beat the sufferer with rods until he died.
He was born between 480 and 490 in the region of Valeria Suburbicaria.
The local population attributed his being unharmed to relics discovered by a peasant plowing in the vicinity - a discovery attributed to divine intervention.
He is venerated on March 12 in the Eastern Orthodox Church and the Roman Catholic Church.
Photios resumed the position when Ignatius died, by order of the Byzantine emperor.
Saint Botvid was a Christian missionary in Sweden during the 11th and early 12th centuries.
He is often referred to as a member of the Aldobrandini family but this familiar denomination is not attested in the contemporary sources.
As effective leader of the Church, he was arrested and died a prisoner of the Soviet Union.
He was arrested and martyred in the persecution led by the Roman Emperor Trajan.
Saint Fursey was an Irish monk who did much to establish Christianity throughout the British Isles and particularly in East Anglia.
Philip the Apostle was one of the Twelve Apostles of Jesus.
They were captured by Moors and martyred.
Born in exile in the Kingdom of Hungary, she was the sister of Edgar Ætheling, the shortly reigned and uncrowned Anglo-Saxon King of England.
He then dedicated himself to converting the people in this area to Christianity.
There is disagreement about the location of his martyrdom.
Timothy was an early Christian evangelist and the first first-century Christian bishop of Ephesus, who tradition relates died around the year AD 97.
She is now the unofficial patron saint of Brunate.
On 12 July 1588, Robert Ludlam and fellow priest Nicholas Garlick were arrested at Padley, home of Catholic recusant, John Fitzherbert.
He set several of the foundational pillars of the Church, revived the monastic movement, and formulated its Christology in a systematic way.
She died in Murcia and was beatified by Pope John Paul II on 23 May 1982.
Called the Persian Sage, Aphrahat witnesses to the concerns of the early church beyond the eastern boundaries of the Roman Empire.
According to witnesses she ate nothing for many years apart from receiving Holy Eucharist.
Indract or Indracht was a saint who, along with his companions, was venerated at Glastonbury Abbey, a monastery in the county of Somerset in south-western England.
The church of St Felicitas and St Piala's Church, Phillack near Hayle is dedicated to Saint Felec.
ʿAbdallāh ibn Masʿūd was a companion of the Islamic prophet, Muhammad.
He converted king Olof Skötkonung in 1008.
Ladislaus's victories over the Pechenegs and Cumans ensured the security of his kingdom's eastern borders for about 150 years.
When they were imprisoned, Castus and Emilius denied that they were Christians under torture and were released.
Christina receives attention today for the strange descriptions of her miracles as much as for her faith.
She has also been portrayed in Brazil in books, radio programs and a highly successful television miniseries bearing her name.
After his death, Elisha his disciple and most devoted assistant took over his role as leader of this school.
The work was also translated into Georgian and Slavonic.
Paula and Eustochium at once began to erect four monasteries and a hospice near the spot where Christ was born.
The inscription on the stone slab that originally sealed the arcosolium in the catacombs and that is now located below the head of the skeleton reads:
She was beatified by Pope John Paul II on 1 February 1985.
He was the only son of Grand Prince Géza and his wife, Sarolt, who was descended from the prominent family of the gyulas.
He came from Sarug in Osrhoene, and was a disciple of Saint Eugene.
The beatification process started on 20 September 1988 and she was titled as a Servant of God before being named Venerable on 18 December 2000.
A few years later, Rivod eliminated Melar in the same way.
Elizabeth, also spelled Elisabeth or Elisheba, was the mother of John the Baptist and the wife of Zechariah, according to the Gospel of Luke.
Although not officially recognized by the Catholic Church, Anastacia is still an important figure in popular Catholic devotion throughout Brazil.
Richard has become the focus of a popular belief that she is a saint—a person who is in heaven—who has performed a number of miracles.
Born in 274, the son of Fabius Victor, soldier of the Roman army, Maximilian was obliged to enlist at the age of 21.
At this, a voice from heaven was heard, saying, "Be brave and fear not, for I am with you".
A miracle attributed to the three will be required for their eventual canonization.
The Servants of Charity motto reads "In Omnibus Charitas" which became the cornerstone for Guanella's own life.
St. Augustine met him at Milan about 383, or perhaps a little later.
There he built a chapel and monastery.
His brothers, Claudian and Magorian, are also venerated as saints.
They came from Persia to Rome, and were martyred in 270 for sympathizing with and burying the bodies of Christians.
His death is recognised as martyrdom by the Catholic Church.
He died a martyr in AD 657.
Miniato then crossed the Arno and returned to his hermitage on the hill known as Mons Fiorentinus.
The beatification cause opened under Pope John Paul II in 1992 while Pope Benedict XVI had named her as Venerable in mid-2012.
Sadalberga founded the convent of St. John the Baptist at Laon.
Saint Bénézet, is a saint of the Catholic Church, considered the founder of the Bridge-Building Brotherhood.
Both of them are known to have been martyrs: Abercius by being exposed naked to bees, and Helena by stoning.
He was born around 735 and became the student of Archbishop Ecgbert at York.
He administered throughout his pastoral mission in Wurzburg and was killed "in odium fidei".
Shortly afterwards he was made a prefect of Messina, Sicily.
Our Lady of San Juan de los Lagos is a Roman Catholic title of the Blessed Virgin Mary venerated by Mexican and Texan faithful.
He was the founder of the Secular Institute of Notre-Dame de Vie.
Saint Abraham of Rostov was born in the tenth century, to a non-Christian family in Galich, Russia.
Barontius and Desiderius are two 8th century hermits who are venerated as saints by the Catholic Church.
After living in Macedonia for eighteen years she moved to Ireland and then to India, where she lived for most of her life.
Saint Dasya the Soldier, was a Christian martyr of the third century.
Saint Latro was a Frankish bishop of Laon.
His feast day in Roman Catholic Church is 28 February.
Elizabeth was married at the age of 14, and widowed at 20.
Since 1990, Ciszek's life has been under consideration by the Roman Catholic Church for possible beatification or canonization.
According to tradition, Constantius was eventually beheaded on Monte San Bernardo, where a sanctuary dedicated to him was built, known as San Costanzo al Monte.
His life was recorded by a contemporary, the hagiographer Sulpicius Severus.
There are two figures, Paternian of Bologna and Paternian of Fermo, who are considered to be the same person.
He died a recluse in the forest of Orléans.
She was taken to the hospital but she died forgiving him.
Adheritus, born in Greece, became Bishop of Ravenna and successor of Saint Apollinaris.
Saved from starvation, the city was saved as Robert lifted the siege.
They are considered among the masterworks of the English language.
He was known for prayer and begging his bread.
Blessed Jurgis Matulaitis-Matulevičius was a Roman Catholic prelate who served as the Bishop of Vilnius from late 1918 until his resignation in 1925.
He is included in the Syrian Martyrology of Rabban Silba.
Olympias had a sibling, who was a parent of Olympias and Seleucus.
They therefore emerged as an important political force during the time of the Counter-Reformation.
He is associated with the region surrounding Cartagena, of which he is co-patron.
Marinette is represented by a screech owl and is often seen as the protector of werewolves.
In September 1753, after completing his studies at UST, he entered the Dominican order, along with his four Tonkinese companions.
And of women, Herais died while yet a catechumen, receiving baptism by fire, as Origen himself somewhere says.
On 6 May 2010 a "Positio" was signed in Rome by the Congregation for the Causes of Saints.
Achaicus is venerated as saint by Eastern Orthodox Church, Roman Catholic Church and other Christian Churches.
After 10 years of pilgrimage, Blessed Pavel settled in Taganrog in the years 1825–1830.
His name is derived from the Latin homo bonus.
Our rulers were the first ones to call themselves kings, the first ones to have patriarchs, the first ones to baptise their people.(...)
Roman Sitko was a Polish Catholic priest.
Sylvius began construction of the basilica of St. Sernin of Toulouse towards the end of the 4th century.
Uberto Mori was an Italian layman who served as a lecturer in Bologna and was also an entrepreneur.
She married her cousin, the consul Titus Flavius Clemens, a nephew of Vespasian.
Shortly after his return he became Bishop of Myra and was later cast into prison during the persecution of Diocletian.
It was sold to an unnamed movie star from Los Angeles, California, for €3,500.
He is the first Puerto Rican, the first Caribbean-born layperson in history to be beatified.
Saint Austol was a 6th-century Cornish holy man who lived much of his life in Brittany.
Paul Aurelian was a 6th-century Welshman who became first bishop of the See of Léon and one of the seven founder saints of Brittany.
Accurate historical data about the saints is minimal.
His feast is celebrated the date of his death: 6 March.
He is the patron saint of adopted children.
A monument to Tatevatsi was unveiled on October 16, 2010 in Goris, Armenia.
He is venerated as a saint, particularly in France and Belgium.
The town of Saint-Zotique, Quebec is named for him.
Born around 1572 at Searby, Lincolnshire, he studied for a time at Oxford, though no record remains of his stay there.
Chrocas is said to have killed a total of 6,266 Christians at Clermont at this time, according to tradition.
His Studium Biblicum Translation is often considered the definitive Chinese Bible among Catholics.
Legend says that she had only agreed to marry him after long prayers, seeking divine inspiration.
But his father's plans could never be fulfilled: on 2 September 1031, at age 24, Emeric was killed by a boar while hunting.
It was here that he received a vision of St. Cuthbert, and then decided to inhabit Cuthbert's old cell on the island of Farne.
He is a member of the Roman Catholic Order of Friars Minor Conventual.
His remains were brought home to a church on the Ayu-Dag mountain, Partenit, Crimea, where a memorial to him has been built.
His sister Acha was married to Æthelfrith, king of neighbouring Bernicia.
Angered, the thieves chased him and forced him to jump the cliffs of Monte Fautenio.
He was beatified on 29 April 1979 and canonized as a saint of the Roman Catholic Church on 11 October 2009.
In the current Roman Catholic liturgical calendar for Wales, he is commemorated on 20 April, the 21st being designated for Saint Anselm.
Dominic Barberi was an Italian theologian and a member of the Passionist Congregation.
Saint Augustine dedicated the first books of his landmark The City of God to Marcellinus in 413.
After the death of his predecessor Luidger of Utrecht, Luidger's nephew Craft was offered the seat.
Daniel's relics, translated on January 3, 1064, lie in the cathedral of Padua.
They settled in Gaul and became hermits.
Saint Gereon of Cologne, who may have been a soldier, was martyred at Cologne by beheading, probably in the early 4th century.
In these journeys Giles was always at pains to procure by manual labor what food and shelter he needed.
Ezequiél Moreno y Díaz, OAR was a member of the Order of Augustinian Recollects and now venerated as a Saint in the Roman Catholic Church.
His reign saw a complete decline of Kiev's rule over northeastern Rus, and the rise of Vladimir as the new capital city.
Louis-Sébastien Le Nain de Tillemont has stated that two different people are mentioned in the accounts.
Reportedly, she was often called upon by women in childbirth.
He was born in 1216 in Ferrara.
Reinstated, Ignatios refused to yield to the papacy and drew Bulgaria back into the orbit of the Byzantine Church in 870.
Ayida-Weddo is known as the "Rainbow Serpent".
She proved her unconditional faith in Christ by proving to people that she and her daughters were willing to go through hard times for their faith.
His feast is celebrated on 1 December.
Cornelius died on his return from a pilgrimage from Rome in Chambéry, Savoy, France, in 1175.
was a Catholic priest and a member of the Oratory of Saint Philip Neri.
David has been made patron saint of Västerås and the province of Västmanland.
The Syrian Martyrology of Rabban Silba is a book containing the names and feast days of a number of martyrs of the Syrian Church.
In addition to the conflict with the Arians, he struggled against the Emperors Constantine, Constantius II, Julian the Apostate and Valens.
This situation allows El Niño Fidencio to be recognized as a folk saint.
Blessed Rosa Maria Benedetta Gattorno Custo was an Italian Roman Catholic who was widowed and later became a nun.
Æthelwine of Athelney was a 7th-century saint venerated in the Roman Catholic and Eastern Orthodox Churches.
According to tradition the attempt to lift the portrait was a test of a woman's chastity.
Gora Kumbhar and other saints also wrote and sung hundreds of Abhangs.
According to the Martyrdom of Polycarp he died a martyr, bound and burned at the stake, then stabbed when the fire failed to touch him.
He promoted and encouraged business growth in accordance with the social doctrine of the faith and he founded both the Christian Association of Business Executives.
Cope is the 11th person in what is now the United States to be canonized by the Catholic Church.
This was dangerous, and one day the jurist Ulpian captured Tatiana and attempted to force her to make a sacrifice to Apollo.
Augustine is recognized as a saint in the Catholic Church, the Eastern Christian Church, and the Anglican Communion and as a preeminent Doctor of the Church.
He died at Argos and was buried in the Church of the Dormition there.
Francis is one of the most venerated religious figures in history.
He was later a Cistercian Monk at Mount Saint Bernard Monastery in England.
He is an alleged author of the Reims Gospel.
Abdisho, a member of the Church of the East, was a deacon and martyr.
When she died her father refused to enter the church for her funeral, but did go to the graveyard for the service.
Satyananda Saraswati, was a sannyasin, yoga teacher and guru in both his native India and the West.
Her service resulted in the establishment of the Little Sisters of the Poor, who care for the elderly who have no other resources throughout the world.
Amongst new religious movements, Bahá'í writings refer to him by name.
The common date of his commemoration is November 11, which occurs 13 days later on the Julian calendar.
Dayro d-Mor Mattai is located atop Mount Alfaf in northern Iraq and is 20 kilometers from Mosul.
He paid close attention to the needs of males and was concerned with their education.
After the Romanian Orthodox Church canonized him in 1992, he is venerated as Stephen the Great and Holy.
Tradition holds that he was a bishop of Helvia Ricina, during the third century, martyred on November 24.
He was beatified as part of Nicholas Tavelic, O.F.M.
His martyrdom was witnessed by Saul of Tarsus, a Pharisee who would later himself become a follower of Jesus and known as Paul the Apostle.
According to legend, her torture included having all of her teeth violently pulled out or shattered.
He was born at Rostkowo, Przasnysz County, Poland, on 28 October 1550; died at Rome during the night of 14–15 August 1568.
Saint Emygdius was a Christian bishop who is venerated as a martyr.
Saint Finian the Leper was an early Irish saint credited with founding a church and monastery at Innisfallen in Killarney.
Albert of Genoa, also known as Lambert of Genoa, was a Cistercian hermit.
Saint Ansegisus was a monastic reformer of the Franks.
One more miracle is needed before she can be canonized as a saint.
Many miracles are attributed to him: he killed a venomous snake, drove out demons, and healed the sick.
He is remembered as having assisted and influenced Saint Benedict of Nursia, when the latter had just begun his life as a hermit.
Llechid was a 6th-century pre-congregational saint of Wales.
Abdullah wore white clothes and could be recognized in the dark by his distinctive, high-quality perfume.
St Sebastian made the Sign of the Cross over the woman, and she immediately began to speak and she glorified the Lord.
Harlindis and Relindis, now in Maaseik, Belgium are the earliest surviving examples of Anglo-Saxon embroidery.
She was canonized by Pope Pius XII.
Abraham of Arbela was a bishop of Arbela in Assyria.
James, son of Zebedee was one of the Twelve Apostles of Jesus, and traditionally considered the first apostle to be martyred.
The name is shortened to Yeshua in Nehemiah.
His feast day is June 21 in the Western Church and June 22 in the Eastern Church.
The cathedral at Feltre is dedicated to him and Saint Peter the Apostle, and the artist Il Pordenone created a work depicting Prosdocimus with Peter.
He is recorded by St. Eusebius and St. Pontian, as a martyr.
for other people called Sabinus, see Sabinus
Eventually she retired to live as an anchoress in a hollow oak tree.
A great organizer, he was one of the first to give a regular structure to the church, helped in his mission by the catholicos Isaac.
Following her death, the order she founded was renamed in her honor as the Order of Saint Clare, commonly referred to today as the Poor Clares.
Odo of Cluny was the second abbot of Cluny.
Bulgarian Orthodox Church celebrates her feast day on October 18; the Greek, the Russian, the Serbian and the Macedonian Orthodox churches - on October 13.
He was beatified in company with thirty-three other Catholic martyrs, most of whom were natives of Tonkin, Cochin-China, or China.
Lucius is indicated as a founder of the Antioch church by inference from an earlier passage:
He is alleged to have had a vision of Christ riding the chariot of the Cherubim.
Saint Felix of Nantes is honored as a 4th-century bishop and martyr from Nîmes, France.
Ogun or Ogoun is an Orisha, Loa, and Vodun.
In 1258, some of the relics were brought to Abruzzo in Ortona, Italy, where they have been held in the Church of Saint Thomas the Apostle.
The town of Briovere, associated with the saint, took his name and is now Saint-Lô in Normandy.
Her surname refers to Ringelheim, where her comital Immedinger relatives established a nunnery about 940.
Saint Varus — early Christian saint, soldier and martyr.
In the Roman and Eastern Christian Churches, he is regarded as a saint, with a feast day of October 23.
Pope John Paul II beatified her in 2004.
He was one of the so-called "Social Saints" of the city who emerged during that era.
She was born on December 9, 1815, and was the youngest member in her family.
Faustus was a priest, Abibus was a deacon, and Dionysius was a lector.
Aspren or Asprenas was a 1st-century Christian saint and venerated as the first Bishop of Naples.
She is venerated in the Roman Catholic Church.
Quintian, Lucius and Julian are venerated as saints and martyrs by the Roman Catholic Church.
After her death, Huna left Ely to become a hermit on an island in the Cambridgeshire fens.
Miracles are attributed to him, including the turning of water into wine.
In the present General Roman Calendar, revised in 1969, Saints Nereus and Achilleus and Saint Pancras have distinct celebrations on 12 May.
The fragments echo the Martyrology, and diverge from it.
Melchizedek, Melkisetek, or Malki Tzedek, is the king of Salem and priest of El Elyon mentioned in the 14th chapter of the Book of Genesis.
Later in life Baldwin was assigned to Italy as abbot of San Pastore, near Rieti.
She is venerated by the Serbian Orthodox Church as Saint Anastasija with her feast day on June 22.
With a change in the turbulent political fortunes of the time, Lambert was returned to his see.
Many people took advantage of his goodwill or mocked him.
Youlamis the governor tortured him severely, then ordered him to be squeezed on the wheel.
Saint Glyceria — early Christian saint, Roman virgin.
Saint Pancras or Pancratius is said to have been born in Antioch in Cilicia.
The account of his life is found in Palladius of Helenopolis De Vitis Patrum 8,28 and Tyrannius Rufinus Historia Eremitica 31.
The saint day of Saint Juliana of Lazarevo is celebrated by Orthodox Church on 2 January New Style and 15 January Old Style.
He cooperated with Saint Anthony and gathered his monks under his direct supervision, thus forming a monastery from sole hermits.
Saint Euprepius of Verona, is venerated as the first bishop of Verona.
The Apostle Paul met him during his second missionary journey and he became Paul’s companion and co-worker along with Silas.
Radegund was a Thuringian princess and Frankish queen, who founded the Abbey of the Holy Cross at Poitiers.
She has been beatified by the Catholic Church.
Also, roses or another type of flower may be wrapped around the heart.
He is regarded as the legendary founder of the Millstatt Abbey church and was venerated as a Catholic Saint.
As a suicide, she was buried outside of church blessing at the beach of Ølsemagle Strand.
Pausicacus of Synada was a Christian saint, monk, ascetic, and bishop of Synada.
They were martyred at Rome on 26 June.
She married a pagan, who died soon after the birth of their son Rupert.
Severus of Barcelona is venerated as a saint by the Catholic and Eastern Orthodox churches.
He died in 750 and is venerated February 28.
Almus, also known as Alme, Alanus, was a Cistercian abbot.
Blessed Anna Maria Rubatto was an Italian Roman Catholic nun who assumed the name of Francesca Maria.
He was conscripted to serve during World War II and the Gestapo arrested him in 1944 for his Christian activities.
Olympias is described as the ‘beloved daughter’ born to Seleucus and Alexandra.
The two women, however, fled from Licinius to Maximinus Daia.
He is commemorated in the Coptic Synaxarion on the 6th day of Tubah.
Saint Emebert was an early Bishop of Cambrai, often identified with Bishop Ablebert of Cambrai.
The feast day for Saint Abdecalas is 21 April.
The ancient town of Abula is mentioned by Ptolemy in his Geographia as located in the Iberian region of Bastetania.
Saints Theodore and Pausilippus were 2nd century Christian martyrs who were killed during the persecution of Christians under the Roman emperor Hadrian.
The relics were returned to the Church on September 7, 1990.
The Chronography offered a universal history from the time of Adam and Eve to his own time.
The principal works of Nikephorus are three writings referring to iconoclasm:
She was beatified with another one of her descendants, Yolanda, Duchess of Greater Poland.
In the Catalogo Sanctorum, composed by Pietro de Natalibus between 1369 and 1372, he cites in Chapter 61 the name of a virgin martyr named Veneranda.
The order was dedicated to the education of girls in Bergamo and in the surrounding areas and has since expanded outside of the Italian nation.
Deodatus of Nevers was a bishop of Nevers from 655.
He was accused by Muslims of cursing Islam.
Vasilissa is venerated as a child martyr by the Christian Church.
St. Publius is Malta‘s first acknowledged saint, the prince of the island.
This suggests that several Pauls have been conflated.
Bruno translated St. Patroclus' relics from Troyes and buried them in 964 at St Patrokli Dom in Soest, where Patroclus is still today venerated.
The animal inflicted severe injuries, but Agapius survived.
He was acquainted with Thaddeus who was involved in healing, being one of the Seventy.
They bravely buried the bodies of Christians who had been tortured to death under the reign of Nero.
According to one legend, they were the sons of the martyr Marcellus the Centurion.
However, after much insistence from Himelin, she finally gave him a pitcher of water, which miraculously turned into wine.
Palatias and Laurentia are martyrs venerated by the Roman Catholic and Eastern Orthodox churches.
The following year he went to China and began work in southern Shaanxi.
Another nephew, Arias Peláez, would later hold the see.
At the emperor's command Romanus' tongue was cut out.
Both sisters devoted their lives to prayer when they were not working in their clinic.
These Conferences describe the daily lives of the hermits of the Egyptian Thebaid and discuss the important themes of grace, free will, and Scripture.
Pope John Paul II presided over her beatification on 1 November 1987 after the recognition of a healing that was attributed to her as a miracle.
Saint Tudwal, also known as Tual, Tudgual, Tugdual, Tugual, Pabu, Papu, or Tugdualus, was a Breton monk.
St. Nikephoros I or Nicephorus I, was a Christian Byzantine writer and Ecumenical Patriarch of Constantinople from April 12, 806, to March 13, 815.
Theodard of Maastricht was a seventh-century bishop of Maastricht-Liège, in present-day Netherlands.
One story indicates that Hripsime again was noticed for her beauty, this time by King Tiridates III, who proceeded to pursue her.
He worked as a teacher and pastor in the Solomon Islands.
Eanswith is sometimes portrayed with a fish, along with her abbess's staff, crown and a book.
A native of Italy, he founded monasteries and hospices there before settling briefly in France.
She detested Joachim and was particularly irritated by the hours he spent in church every day and the vigils that he kept.
St. Donatus, his successor, is patron of the cathedral of St. Peter the Apostle."
After his release, he came to Jerusalem, where he was compelled by the aged bishop to remain and assist him in the government of that see.
Desiderius's feast day is kept on 18 December.
Despite this being the most common artistic depiction of Sebastian, he was, according to legend, rescued and healed by Irene of Rome.
Barnabas and Paul successfully evangelized among the "God-fearing" Gentiles who attended synagogues in various Hellenized cities of Anatolia.
Saint Antonio Maria Pucci - born Eustance Pucci - was an Italian Roman Catholic priest and a professed member from the Servite Order.
He is said to be the third bishop of Brescia, successor to Saint Viator.
Ablak is a saint of the Ethiopian Orthodox Tewahedo Church.
Saint Solange was the patron of the traditional Province of Berry, of which Cher is a part.
There is also a painting of Domitius with Saint Ulphia in the cathedral.
He is venerated solely in the Roman Catholic Church.
He is a saint in the Catholic Church.
He is often misidentified with Cyriacus of Ancona.
Anthony of Kiev was a monk and the founder of the monastic tradition in the Kievan Rus'.
Apollos was a 1st century Alexandrian Jewish Christian mentioned several times in the New Testament.
Later, on 8 December 1975, Pope Paul VI elevated the Institute as a religious congregation with Pontifical rights.
Wynthryth of March was an early medieval saint of Anglo Saxon England.
This scholar goes on to write that Rabanus Maurus "goes so far abroad as to call [Alban] an African bishop flying from Hunneric..."
Saint Maddalena di Canossa was an Italian professed religious and foundress of the two Canossian orders.
Peregrine the martyr was an early Christian martyr who died because he and others refused to worship the Roman Emperor Commodus on his birthday.
Stephen decided to recapture Chilia, an important port on the Danube, which brought him into conflict with Hungary and Wallachia.
He was praised by St. Gregory the Great, and was noted for his charity.
Saint Proculus was a bishop of Verona who survived the persecutions of Diocletian.
He is commemorated in the Orthodox Church on October 30.
Abraham the Laborious was a monk of Kiev.
The saint preached Christianity to the tribes of Karelia in the North of the present Russia and led other missionary activities.
Her story comes to us in one recension of the Copto-Arabic Synaxarion and by a tale of Daniel of Scetis.
Accordingly, she does not appear in the Roman Martyrology, nor is she included in the calendar of the Catholic Church in England and Wales.
Albertus Magnus, O.P., also known as Saint Albert the Great and Albert of Cologne, was a German Dominican friar and Catholic bishop.
Although she wished to become a nun, she was promised in an arranged marriage to Saint Ansbert of Chaussy.
Saint José Luis Sánchez del Río was a Mexican Cristero who was put to death by government officials because he refused to renounce his Catholic faith.
Stephen of Perm was a fourteenth-century painter and missionary credited with the conversion of the Komi to Christianity and the establishment of the Bishopric of Perm'.
According to tradition, Saint Andrew founded the See of Byzantium in 38, installing Stachys as bishop.
Her feast day was celebrated on 8 October, originally in common with Saints Pelagia the Virgin and Pelagia of Tarsus.
There he remained for the rest of his life as a lay brother and a hermit.
She received holy communion before her death.
Queen Constance of Burgundy of Castile was impressed with the reports of Adelelmus' holiness, and invited him to live in Burgos, Spain.
There is a short paragraph about St. Cartha in The Martyrology of Donegal: a Calendar of the Saints of Ireland by James Michael O'Clery, page 65:
Several churches were dedicated to him of which about six survive.
The missionaries David, Eskil, and Botvid preached chiefly in Södermanland and Västmanland, in the area of Lake Mälaren.
He presented himself to Arianus, the governor of Ansena, as a Christian.
Later, he lived in Caesarea Maritima with his four daughters who foretold, where he was visited by Paul the Apostle.
For refusing to recant her Christianity, the Romans subjected her to thirteen tortures; including:
Tradition states that she was martyred with eighteen companions in 303 AD.
The last known gladiatorial fight in Rome was on 1 January 404 AD.
He was Bishop of New Zealand from 1841 to 1858.
Denise’s son Majoricus was killed during the same persecution, as well as Denise’s sister Dativa.
Saint Agathonicus was a 3rd-century citizen of Nicomedia.
Gregory Palamas was a monk of Mount Athos in Greece and later the archbishop of Thessaloniki, known as a preeminent theologian of Hesychasm.
His beatification was celebrated in Papua New Guinea in 1995.
John was posthumously canonized as a saint by the Eastern Orthodox Church.
His teachings stated that Islam was a unified whole of Shariat, Tariqat, Haqiqat and Marefat, and was incomplete without any one of these.
Later, when Chrysostom was sent into exile from Constantinople, she went with him.
Mirax's parents resorted to prayer with great devotion for the redemption of their son.
He was ultimately beheaded after being tortured.
Saint Sabbas the Sanctified, a Cappadocian-Syrian monk, priest and saint, lived mainly in Palaestina Prima.
He was declared venerable in the Roman Catholic Church on 1 June 1876, by Pope Pius IX.
The school specialises in Enterprise, though also places a significant emphasis on the Arts and Religious Education.
He was a monk and later an abbot, of the 6th century.
The family was canonized on 1 November 1981 as new martyrs by the Russian Orthodox Church Abroad.
The pagans, believing that Leo had tricked them in order to rescue his older compatriots, were enraged and beheaded him.
The precise meaning and origin of Swithun's name is unknown, but it most likely derives from the Old English word swiþ, 'strong'.
Baron Samedi also written Baron Samdi, Bawon Samedi, or Bawon Sanmdi, is one of the loa of Haitian Vodou.
Saint Antoninus of Pamiers was an early Christian missionary and martyr, called the "Apostle of the Rouergue".
All of Origen's works written after 218 are dedicated to Ambrose, including his On Martyrdom, Contra Celsum, Commentary on St. John's Gospel, and On Prayer.
His feast day is June 17 in the Eastern Orthodox and Byzantine Catholic Churches.
She has followers in many layers of Venezuelan society from small rural villages to the modern capital of Caracas, where a statue stands in her honor.
She lived in Cappadocia, a province of the Roman Empire in present-day central Turkey.
Very little is known of his life but he is one of a number of bishops in that time.
Historians see Fulrad as important due to his significance in the rise of the Frankish Kingdom, and the insight he gives into early Carolingian society.
According to Ludovico Jacobilli, Domnina's death should be dated later, to the time of Totila.
Saint Alipy was a disciple of Greek icon painters from Constantinople and considered to be the first icon painter of Kievan Rus.
While her birthdate is unknown, it could be as early as AD 890 and as late as 5 June 925.
Elijah is also a figure in various Christian folk traditions, often identified with earlier pagan thunder or sky gods.
The Latin form of his name is given as 'Theodoric' and his feast day is 1 April.
Abel of Tacla Haimonot was a monk at the monastery of Tacla Haimonot.
As he rejected all the candidates, someone in derision suggested that he might accept Alexander, the charcoal-burner.
He is a warrior and a powerful spirit of metal work, as well as rum and rum-making.
Mamlacha is also a Greek word which means "Kingdom".
Khomyshyn was born on 25 March 1867 in the village of Hadynkivtsi, eastern Galicia, in what is now Ternopil Oblast.
Along with him were two deacons, St. Augurius and St. Eulogius.
He was cannonised and his feast day is 26 October.
At age 20, in the midst of her higher education she grew very ill. After her recovery Lucy took her spiritual life still more seriously.
Disciples gathered about him and in course of time a monastery developed, the later Sint-Truiden Abbey.
She was beatified by the Catholic Church in 1996.
She is betrothed against her will, and against Columbanus' prediction, and straight away falls deathly sick.
For her efforts in establishing the first Catholic monastery in Manila and the Far East, the Vatican issued an apostolic decree for her beatification in 1734.
According to Islamic traditions, Zayd ibn Thabit was the personal scribe of the Islamic prophet Muhammad, and was from the ansar.
Whether the abbey founded at Avenay followed the Benedictine Rule or the Columban Rule is unknown, even to her main biographer.
He was ordained as a priest by Agricola, Bishop of Châlons-sur-Marne.
So he answered, “Because we do not prostrate before any other.” His martyrdom took place on the 21st of Paoni, in the year 106 AD.
He was a near contemporary to the slightly younger Ephrem the Syrian, but the latter lived within the sphere of the Roman Empire.
This piece of cloth became known as the Veil of Veronica.
He is considered by many Orthodox Christians as the patron saint of North America.
They include Beddgelert and the surrounding Gelert Valley and Llangeler where there is a church dedicated to him.
Saint Caradoc or Caradog was a Welsh hermit and harpist.
Hannah Grier Coome founded the Anglican Sisterhood of St. John the Divine, and was its first mother superior.
A tomb in Milan is believed to contain their relics.
The Pope's speech was memorable especially for the passage in which he described Father Alberico's martyrdom:
He obtained the precious relic, and the body was taken to his monastery around the year 820.
Wilgyth of Cholsey was a 6th-century Catholic female saint from Anglo-Saxon England who was venerated locally in Berkshire.
Rose of Viterbo, T.O.S.F., was a young woman born in Viterbo, then a contested commune of the Papal States.
Boetharius was bishop of Chartres from about 594.
Saint Brice of Tours was a 5th-century Frankish bishop, the fourth Bishop of Tours, succeeding Martin of Tours in 397.
He was beatified in 1847 by Pope Pius IX.
Saint Euphrasia was a Constantinopolitan nun who was venerated after her death as a saint for her piety and example of charity.
He later became abbot, being the founder of the monastery of Serviliano in the Marches of Ancona, Italy.
Giles founded the abbey in Saint-Gilles-du-Gard whose tomb became a place of pilgrimage.
Abias is a saint of the Coptic Church.
Eberhard was born to a noble family of Nuremberg, Germany, he became a Benedictine in 1125 at Pruffening, Germany.
Malik Deenar is one of the first known Muslims to have come to India in order to propagate Islam in South Asia.
He was beatified by Pope John Paul II on 3 September 2000 his feast day is celebrated on 22 January.
Blessed Hildegard Burjan - born Hildegard Lea Freund - was a German Roman Catholic convert from Judaism and the founder of the Sisterhood of Caritas Socialis.
Cyriaca, also known as Dominica, was a Roman widow, and patroness to St. Lawrence, and eventually suffered martyrdom.
Louis's actions were inspired by Christian values and Catholic devotion.
Saint Stanisław Kazimierczyk - born Louis Sołtys - was a Polish Roman Catholic priest and a professed member from the Canons Regular of the Lateran.
At the age of 16 he was admitted to the order of Franciscans.
Cam., was an Umbrian monk, born in the Italian village of Luceolis near Cantiano.
Zechariah is a figure in the Bible and the Quran.
St. Martin's tomb was a major pilgrimage destination in the 6th century, and St. Gregory's writings had the practical effect of promoting this highly organized devotion.
was a French Catholic missionary to Indo-China.
The Order of Saint Benedict is of later origin and, moreover, not an "order" as commonly understood but merely a confederation of autonomous congregations.
He followed the example of Leo XIII by promoting Thomas Aquinas and Thomism as the principal philosophical method to be taught in Catholic institutions.
She is said to have risen at midnight for prayer every night.
A miracle attributed to her is under investigation for her canonization.
Blessed Domenico Mazzarella was an Italian Roman Catholic priest.
He is known as "St Brendan the Elder" to distinguish him from his contemporary and friend St Brendan the Navigator of Clonfert.
Urbicius was a French monk, now a Catholic saint.
She has been beatified by the Catholic Church.
Yemoja is a major water deity from the Yoruba religion.
He played a major role in the revivals both of Byzantine monasticism and of classical literary genres in Byzantium.
She lived in the ninth century, and was a nun in Padua, probably at the convent of Saints Cosmas and Damian.
The glass was commissioned in the 1920s in memory of a former parish priest.
Saint Leobinus was a hermit, abbot, and bishop.
In England her name was Uncumber, and in Dutch Ontkommer.
Her beatification cause opened on 18 June 1930 and her beatification was celebrated in the Bordeaux Cathedral on 16 September 2007.
Saint Egwad was a 7th-century catholic Bishop and Saint of Wales.
He is honored as a saint in the Eastern Orthodox, Catholic, and Anglican churches, as well as in some others.
Saint Magnus of Cuneo is venerated as a member of the legendary Theban Legion.
Saint Publius is a first century Maltese Saint.
He eventually converted his parents to Christianity.
Their story may be inaccurate, but tradition holds that Maurus was from Bethlehem and was sent to be the first bishop of Bisceglia by Saint Peter.
After the martyrdom of her counselors, she apprenticed herself to two other Augustinians, Fathers Melchior of Saint Augustine and Martin of Saint Nicholas.
Julius and Julian may have been Greeks who came to Rome before establishing themselves at Lake Orta.
He wrote a commentary on the Gospels, which for centuries was known as the Glas-Choinnigh or Kenneth's Lock or the Chain of Cainnech.
St John... "lived within the city walls for 23 years; his fish was rancid and he did not eat bread.
At the request of the Holy Roman Emperor, Otto I, Gregory's body was sent to Cologne, Germany with the relics of Saints Felix and Nabor.
Originally a follower of Slavic paganism, Vladimir converted to Christianity in 988 and Christianized the Kievan Rus'.
Saint Apollinaris of Valence, born in Vienne, France, was bishop of Valence, France, at the time of the irruption of the barbarians.
Urban is venerated as saint by Eastern Orthodox Church, Roman Catholic Church and other Christian Churches.
Anstrudis was the daughter of Saint Blandinus and Saint Sadalberga, who were the founders of the Saint John the Baptist Convent at Laon.
He was beatified by Pope Paul V on 25 October 1619 and canonized by Pope Gregory XV on 12 March 1622.
Saint Anysia of Salonika was a Christian virgin and martyr of the 4th century.
He is venerated by the Roman Catholic Church on 4 September.
Saint Magdalene of Nagasaki was a Japanese christian born in 1611 as the daughter of a Christian couple martyred about 1620.
Saints Maurus and Placidus are venerated together on 5 October.
The same pope approved a miraculous healing credited to his intercession on 26 April 2016.
Today, he is honored as the patron saint of the Bulgarians and as one of the most important saints in the Bulgarian Orthodox Church.
On Fridays he would contemplate the Passion and death of Jesus Christ.
He has become one of the most familiar and recognizable Christian saints, sometimes venerated as a military saint.
Paul and Juliana were brother and sister who suffered martyrdom, at the hands of Aurelian, in 270.
This form is preserved in bibliographic usage.
It was then that he participated at the Council of Nicaea.
Saint Donatus of Fiesole was an Irish teacher and poet, and Bishop of Fiesole, about 829–876.
He and some of his disciples were arrested and Bademus was martyred in the year 376; he was subsequently recognized as a saint.
Regim and Gaidad are also mentioned as his sons according to 2 Enoch.
Tyfei was a martyr and saint of the medieval Welsh church.
Saint John Kemble was an English Roman Catholic martyr.
Abba Absadi is a saint of the Eritrean Orthodox Tewahedo Church.
He was canonized in 1199 at the urgent request of the citizens of Cremona.
Saint Barbara is often portrayed with miniature chains and a tower.
His veneration is associated with the curing of disease, and is related to the Latin American cult of death.
He was also a noted theologian of the period.
Saints Theodora and Didymus are Christian saints whose legend is based on a 4th-century acta and the word of Saint Ambrose.
Saint Joseph the Hymnographer was a monk of the ninth century.
The details of those lives vary, but a few basic accounts emerge, portraying biographical data and events that are not reconcilable.
Suitbert laboured chiefly in North Brabant, Gelderland, and Cleves.
He was instrumental in the cae of the many orphans left in the City of Rome after the destruction of World War II.
His life was recorded eleven years after he died by the monk Jonas of Fontenelle.
She died in Reus, Spain at the age of 71.
John Paul II's cause for canonisation commenced in 2005 one month after his death with the traditional five-year waiting period waived.
Barulas, like St. Quiricus, is venerated as a child-martyr.
Saint Eskil was buried in his monastery in Tuna.
Pauline suffered from diabetes for much of her life and is considered by some to be a patron saint of diabetics.
His origin is variously given as Scotland or Ireland, or Aquitania.
She was venerated by people seeking relief from tribulations, in particular by women who wished to be liberated from abusive husbands.
Saint Marinus was the founder of a chapel and monastery, in 301, from where the world's oldest surviving republic, San Marino, grew.
He was an Irishman who established himself as a hermit in Scotland, near Kenedor.
He claimed descent from the Sassanid king Anushiravan and was a disciple of Junayd Baghdadi.
In Russia, Ukraine and Serbia, there are several churches and monasteries named after St Nicetas.
Bertulf migrated to the County of Artois, where he converted to Christianity.
He is venerated as a saint of the Roman Catholic Church.
As a consequence his master crippled Nikon's legs so that he could no longer walk.
She is also venerated as a saint by the Catholic Church.
Bidzina Cholokashvili is a Christian martyr canonized by the Georgian Orthodox Church.
He would pursue his collegiate education at the University of Santo Tomas while residing at Letran.
In the reign of the Arian Vandal King Huneric, he became emmired in the Arian persecution in Africa.
He was persecuted by Emperor Hadrian, but died peacefully about 120AD.
St. Gaucherius, a Christian saint, was born at Meulan-sur-Seine, France.
He was beatified on 31 October 2009.
Jägerstätter was sentenced to death and executed.
Traditionally, the writer of Revelation is widely considered to be John the Apostle, who is also seen as author of the Gospel of John.
Eusebius in his Historia Ecclesiastica tells how at Caesarea Philippi lived the woman whom Christ healed of an issue of blood.
His feast is kept on 16 December.
Blessed Mercedes de Jesús Molina is a Roman Catholic blessed from Baba, Ecuador.
During Athanasius' return from exile, circa 346, Maximus convoked a synod in Jerusalem of sixteen Palestinian bishops that welcomed Athanasius.
He is venerated as a Saint by the Catholic Church and Eastern Orthodox Church and his feast day is 18 November.
Their activities spread Christianity beyond "a narrow corridor between Adulis and Aksum along the caravan routes."
Saint Vitalian(us) of Capua was a 7th-century bishop of that city.
Trophimus was sent to Synnada in Asia Minor.
He restored a blind woman to sight and healed the Duke of Aquitaine's daughter, who had been bitten by a viper.
Marcianus was a Roman Senator, whose son John died of unknown causes.
He was the first Rector Major of the Salesians, and has been beatified by the Catholic Church.
Saint Aibert of Crespin, O.S.B., was a Benedictine monastic and hermit revered for his intense life of prayer, asceticism and devotion to the Rosary.
A different version of the tale states that the saint hid himself in the Valley of Cogne before being killed by the Roman soldiers.
He is known to have been in Georgia, Armenia, and Russia before spending most of his life in the village of Taxiarches, in Drama, Northern Greece.
Sigfrid was a Benedictine monk, bishop in Sweden and saint.
Pope Urban II sent him to Constantinople as papal legate to the Byzantine Empire.
Blessed Richard Simpson was an English priest, martyred in the reign of Elizabeth I.
Vitus Bering sighted the Diomede Islands on 16 August 1728, the day when the Russian Orthodox Church celebrates the memory of Saint Diomedes.
Reineldis was a saint of the 7th century, martyred by the Huns.
He was eventually persecuted for his Christological positions; following a trial, his tongue and right hand were mutilated.
Blessed Ana of Saint Bartholomew - born Ana García Manzanas - was a Spanish Roman Catholic professed religious and a professed member from the Discalced Carmelites.
At the Second Vatican Council and in Pope John Paul II's encyclical Redemptoris Mater, she is spoken of also as Mother of the Church.
Solanus Casey – born Bernard Francis Casey – was an American Roman Catholic priest and a professed member from the Order of Friars Minor Capuchin.
Leoba was an Anglo-Saxon nun who was part of Boniface's mission to the Germans, and a saint.
He was beatified in 1796 and canonized by Pope John XXIII in 1960.
Only Gwynno's name and Gwynno's church remain as a definite indication that he really did exist and as a monument to his work.
Irenaeus is the earliest witness to recognition of the canonical character of all four gospels.
His wife is the loa Maman Brigitte.
However, due to his association with the Theban Legion, Magnus was depicted as a Roman soldier holding a banner and the palm of martyrdom.
In one account, Felix and the others were taken to Carthage and decapitated on July 15.
Victorian was a wealthy Catholic of Adrumetum who had been appointed proconsul by Hunneric.
He became coadjutor archbishop of the Archdiocese of Cagayan de Oro on 10 June 1958, becoming titular archbishop of Marcianopolis.
Also associated with the group are saints Nestor and Arcadius, who were possibly martyred in Cyprus.
Because of a lack of verifiable historical information, they were removed from the 2004 Roman Martyrology.
He travelled to Ireland to learn the scriptures, and then became a hermit on Saint Tudwal's Island East, off the coast of North Wales.
Confusion about his first place of burial has arisen from this connection to Lilleshall.
Amadour is also the name of an artist in Los Angeles.
Saint Oudoceus or Euddogwy is generally known as the third Bishop of Llandaff in South Wales.
Athos, Maximos spent one year in Constantinople acting as a "holy fool."
Blessed John of Vercelli, O.P., was the sixth Master General of the Dominican Order.
She was reported in the two-volume historical atlas of Herman Kinder and another author to have been great in war and defended from the Teutonic Knights.
Martyn arrived in India in April 1806, where he preached and occupied himself in the study of linguistics.
Saint Yostos El Antony, Yustos El Anthony, or Abouna Yustos or The Silent Monk Arabic: يسطس الانطونى‎‎ was a Christian monk from Egypt.
Many people saw and remember a unique aureole in the sky over the Saint Nicholas Church in Taganrog on the day of Blessed Pavel’s canonization.
Saint Elian of Emesa was a Christian saint from Emesa martyred for refusing to renounce Christianity.
There appear to have been no rival claimants for his relics.
He was arrested and martyred in the persecution led by the Roman Emperor Trajan.
Ambrose had it carried to the Basilica of the Apostles.
He was then hanged a second time, was cut down and disemboweled alive.
She is referenced in several books of the saints around Europe.
The poet Clemens Brentano interviewed her at length and wrote two books based on his notes of her visions.
In her love of the crucified Christ, she translated her dedication to him towards the suffering members of his Mystical Body.
He was reported to be sociable and willing to speak out to put people at ease.
A controversial figure during her life and after her death, Teresa was admired by many for her charitable work.
He was born on April 9, 1848 in Alfaro, La Rioja, Spain and later served as a missionary to the Philippines.
He died very young in the early years of the 13th century with a reputation for holiness.
She was declared a saint after her death, and later her remains were moved to Canterbury.
A year later, they made their solemn professions.
She is venerated within the Church as the "Apostle of Divine Mercy".
Saint Stephen the Sabaite, also known as Stephen the Hymnographer, was a Christian monk from Julis, a district of Gaza.
Saint Maughold of Man is venerated as the patron saint of the Isle of Man.
Philadelphus was burned on a stake and Cyrinus was boiled alive in oil.
He had the habit of saying with an enigmatic smile: "Now I am on my way to become an Emperor".
Following the Muslim conquest of Egypt, he sought refuge in Constantinople.
Caesarius ordained him in 506 to the diaconate, and, in 516, consecrated him as bishop of Toulon.
He received many posthumous awards and recognitions, including canonization by the African Orthodox Church as Saint John William Coltrane and a special Pulitzer Prize in 2007.
Germanus and Randoald met him for negotiations near Courtételle.
He is rated as an ancestor of the Brunonids, a cadet branch of the Ottonians, though an affiliation is uncertain.
His remains were returned to Fulda, where they rest in a sarcophagus which became a site of pilgrimage.
St. Adalbert was later declared the patron saint of Bohemia, Poland, Hungary and the former polity of Prussia.
Melitene was capital of the Roman Province of Second Armenia.
Abraham of Paleostrov is a saint in the Russian Orthodox Church.
Saint Eustochius of Tour might have been her nephew, and further lateral descendants may include Saint Perpetuus and Saint Volusianus.
Exupérien Mas, F.S.C., was a French member of the Brothers of the Christian Schools.
He was the second son of King Béla I of Hungary.
Enravota was killed on the order of Malamir, around 833.
A relative of Saint Ubald of Gubbio, she became a Benedictine nun at Cingoli.
Gondulph of Maastricht, sometimes of Tongeren was a Bishop of Tongeren-Maastricht venerated as a Roman Catholic and Eastern Orthodox saint.
From the writings of Saint Eucherias, Bishop of Lyons, Saint Candidus was a commander of the Theban Legion, which was composed of Christians from Upper Egypt.
Cuthbert is regarded as the patron saint of Northern England.
He was bishop during the persecutions of King Shapur II of the Sasanian Empire of Iran, and was executed along with many of his followers.
This is the only place in the New Testament where a woman is specifically referred to with these two distinctions.
Saint Arcadius was a bishop of Bourges.
He spent the remaining years of his life attempting to restore the monarchy until his death in 1922.
The date of the text is disputed amongst biblical scholars.
She was professed as a choir nun in 1777, taking the name Sister Julie Louise of Jesus, O.C.D..
In this capacity, he served as the teacher of Mar Abba.
The governor sent the tribune Hypatius with a detachment of soldiers to Tripoli so as to find and arrest the Christian Leontius.
Her Revelations of Divine Love, written around 1395, is the first book in the English language known to have been written by a woman.
Little is known about him except for his authorship of a now lost treatise against the Gnostics.
During the Yellow Plague of 547, the monks of the dead Illtyd went for safety from West Wales to Brittany.
There have, however, been doubts about whether these were his parents: for instance, the Northumbrian king is described as a pagan, but Alhfrith was a Christian.
Acepsimas endured three years of prison before he was racked and whipped to death on October 10, 376.
Ælfgifu of Exeter was an Anglo-Saxon saint, of unknown date or origin, whose relics were held by Exeter Cathedral.
In 1883, Cyril was declared a Doctor of the Church by Pope Leo XIII.
In German lands she was known as Kümmernis.
was an Italian priest who is called the "Apostle of Corsica".
One list says there are 810 canonized Roman Catholic saints, although some give numbers in the thousands.
Melkisedek I was the first Catholicos-Patriarch of All Georgia, from 1010 to 1033, reigning from Ani.
His father was Saint Waningus, a nobleman and royal official under Chlothar III, then abbot and founder of Fécamp Abbey.
Saint Eleutherius of Rocca d'Arce was, according to tradition, an English pilgrim who died at Rocca d'Arce and was afterwards venerated as a saint.
It became a holy well which was believed to cure diseases and it supplied both her own nuns and the hamlet of Avenay with water.
Simeon is venerated as a saint in the Roman Catholic, Eastern Orthodox and Oriental Orthodox traditions.
"Enflamed with zeal, St Polyeuctus went to the city square, and tore up the edict of Decius which required everyone to worship idols.
Some modern hagiographers are inclined to regard the Saint Broccán of 8 July as the amanuensis and possibly the nephew of Saint Patrick.
Her relics reputedly poured fourth the substance known as the Oil of Saints, and her name means "sweetness".
He was canonized a saint in the Roman Catholic Church in 2001 by Pope John Paul II.
Teresa Maria Manetti, born Teresa Adelaide Cesina Manetti, was an Italian Roman Catholic nun and was the founder of the Carmelite Sisters of Saint Teresa.
In these areas, Teimuraz I of Kakheti and Giorgi Saakadze were putting heavy resistance against the Safavid overlordship.
He is venerated as a Christian martyr.
Survive he did, and was tonsured as a monk under the name Nikolaj.
Blessed Françoise d'Amboise was a French Roman Catholic saint and a duchess consort of Brittany.
According to their Passion, the beasts refused to harm the two saints.
He was killed in about 800, for which King Eardwulf of Northumbria was held responsible.
Caesarius is considered to be of the last generation of church leaders of Gaul that worked to promote large-scale ascetic elements into the Western Christian tradition.
She was cured of blindness by St. Rainfredis.
Febronia refused and was tortured, suffered mutilation and death.
He was killed in hatred of his faith during the Spanish Civil War.
Cardinal Baronius says that Gregory wished Eulogius to survive him, recognizing in him the voice of truth.
Saint Reparata was a third-century Christian virgin and martyr, possibly mythical, of Caesarea in Palestine.
Theonestus may have been a martyr, whose relics were buried in the cemetery where other Christians were buried, outside the city walls.
She is not mentioned by Eusebius of Caesarea, who recorded the martyrdoms that took place in the Holy Land during the 3rd century.
Only St. Justa is mentioned in the Martyrologium Hieronymianum, but in the historical martyrologies Rufina is also mentioned, following the legendary Acts.
Saint Isidora or Isidore was a Christian nun and saint of the 4th century AD.
RETICIUS, bishop of Autun, among the Aedui, had a great reputation in Gaul in the reign of
She is venerated as a virgin martyr by the Catholic Church.
Juniper is buried at Ara Coeli Church at Rome.
Bishr ibn Hareth, better known as Bishr al-Hafi, was a Muslim saint born near Merv in 767 C.E.
Aurelian’s relics are at the church known as the Chapelle Saint-Aurélien, in Limoges.
Blessed María Antonia de Paz y Figueroa was an Argentinian Roman Catholic nun who later established the Daughters of the Divine Savior.
Universal Man is an explanation of Ibn Arabi’s teachings on the structure of reality and human perfection.
The same author ascribes a few other miracles to the prayers of St. Bertulf.
One of the few disciples privy to his plans had given him up to authorities and Fructuosus was subsequently arrested and imprisoned.
The bereaved flock sent a deputation to the Holy See.
Mo Chua or Crónán mac Bécáin was the founder of Balla, whose diocese was subsequently merged into that of Tuam, Ireland.
Thamel was a priest for a pagan god who was converted to Christianity.
On his way to Phoenicia, Adrian received a report that Leontius had turned many away from worshipping the pagan gods.
He remained active in Irish politics, though he spent most of the remainder of his life in Scotland.
This inspired a strong following among local people, and numerous miracles are attributed to her.
Joaquina Maria Mercedes Barcelo Pages, who was the cofounder of the said order.
Mela became one of the well-known mystics of the Church during her life and indeed following her death.
Blessed Mariana Navarro de Guevarra Romero was a Spanish Roman Catholic nun who became a member of the Mercedarian Tertiaries.
The name of the town of Saint-Imier refers to him.
John Duns, commonly called Duns Scotus, is generally considered to be one of the three most important philosopher-theologians of the High Middle Ages.
The testimony provided by the confreres was unanimous about the holiness of Crescitelli's life.
Albert, born in Normandy, was taken to Motta Montecorvino in Apulia, Italy as a child.
He was canonized by Pope John Paul II on October 1, 2000, as one of the 120 Martyrs of China.
But nothing seems to be known of him: it was even suggested that his name was a corruption of 'old gate'.
In 730 Herlindis's parents set up a Benedictine monastery at Aldeneik for his daughters.
The seventh Minister General of the Order of Friars Minor, he was also Cardinal Bishop of Albano.
Bede's monastery had access to an impressive library which included works by Eusebius, Orosius, and many others.
He was from Rome and served the papacy.
when Bénézet had laid the first stone.
He was a professed member of the Mariannhill Missionaries and assumed the name of "Engelmar" when he was admitted into the order.
Pandita Ramabai was a social worker, scholar and a champion of women's rights, freedom and education.
Kaleb is perhaps the best-documented, if not best-known, King of Axum situated in modern-day Eritrea and North Ethiopia.
On 24 April 1002, Abbot Eadnoth translated Ivo's body, along with two of his companions, to the mother house at Ramsey.
He was an older brother of Jeong Yak-yong and the father of Saint Paul Chong Hasang.
He was canonised by Pope Pius XII in 1950.
Saint Prisca was a young Roman woman allegedly tortured and executed for her Christian faith.
The central tenet of the Varkari sect was the daily chanting of Kirtan.
Blessed Józef Cebula was a Polish priest of the Missionary Oblates of Mary Immaculate.
She is believed to have died around the year 946.
The Blessed Agostino Novello, also known as Augustine of Tarano, originally Matteo Di Termini, was an Italian religious figure.
He is the patron saint of Tarragona and his feast day is on August 19.
Her offerings are black pigs and black roosters plucked alive.
Thus, Shenouda went to visit him for a number of days.
The earliest document about them dates from the 15th century; this is their legendary passio.
From 1837 to 1961, celebration of her liturgical feast was approved for some places, but was never included in the General Roman Calendar for universal use.
His beatification, the first ever to take place Ireland, took place in Dublin on 13 May 2017.
Legends depict him as a pious knight-king, "the incarnation of the late-medieval Hungarian ideal of chivalry."
His feast is celebrated on October 11.
He was taken to Persia as a prisoner of war by Shapur II.
He is traditionally identified as the founder of the Cypriot Orthodox Church.
Veredemus settled at Gaul as a hermit, in the valley of the Durance.
His relics are at the Kapellekerk and at La Cambre Abbey.
Upon the death of her father, she returned to Constantinople and, renouncing any claim to the imperial crown, distributed her wealth to the poor.
After the battle of Camlann, Armel would have retired to his duties as a monk, and achieved his title of Saint.
This Enoch is not to be confused with Cain's son Enoch.
Saint Gens, also named Saint Gens du Beaucet, was a hermit.
He succeeded his relative, probably an uncle, Eustochius, and was succeeded by another close relative, Saint Volusianus.
Antonio Gonzalez was a Spanish Roman Catholic martyr and saint.
Andronicus was also cut to pieces with knives.
Ambrosii was born in 1791 in Maistra, at that time part of the Ottoman Empire.
306 – 373) was a Syriac Christian deacon and a prolific Syriac-language hymnographer and theologian of the 4th century.
Tradition states that he lived in a cave in Cappadocia for twenty-five years.
Peter Vitchev, also known as Blessed Kamen Vitchev, was a Bulgarian Eastern Catholic and an Assumptionist priest who was martyred by the Bulgarian communist regime.
His feast day is on January 11.
Saint Marcellina was born in Trier, Gaul the daughter of the Praetorian prefect of Gaul, and older sister of Saint Ambrose of Milan.
Two relics are in "Saint Biagio church in Modena.
Damballa's wife is Ayida-Weddo, and Erzulie Freda is his concubine.
And all their names are in a certain old book of the old books of Erin, A.D.616."
Tradition states that he and other churchmen were loaded onto leaky ships that landed at Naples around 439 AD and Quodvultdeus established himself in Italy.
The order had an emphasis on the Eucharist and on Saint Joseph himself.
José Vandor Puchner – born as József Wech – was a Hungarian Roman Catholic priest and a professed member from the Salesians of Don Bosco.
His tomb was a reported cite of numerous miracles, which contributed to his canonization in the latter 11th century.
Before long, they recognized their mistake, but it was too late, as the fate of the battle had already been decided.
He was executed by the Turkish Army at the end of the Greco-Turkish War.
With Eustasius's support, and the approval of Bishop Gundoald of Meaux, Burgundofara established an abbey on her father's lands.
Saint Eusebius, Bishop of Samosata was a Christian martyr and opponent of Arianism.
Saint Roch or Rocco) was a Catholic saint, a confessor whose death is commemorated on 16 August; he is specially invoked against the plague.
trusting in Divine Providence, helping her mother educate and care her nine other younger siblings, while her father worked as a farmer.
He was later transferred to the see of Carinola in 1100.
According to tradition, she was associated with the Theban Legion and died on the 4th day of Thout.
She desired to establish a new religious congregation but died before the idea could come to fruition.
Another letter was to the Athenians, stirring up their faith exhorting them to live according to the Gospel, since they were not far from apostasy.
Until the 17th century he was likewise confused with the Latin rhetorician, Victorinus Afer.
Veranus was Bishop of Vence, Gaul, after a period as a monk.
Bertha and Rupert share a feast day on May 15.
Dryhthelm is listed as resting at Melrose in the resting-place list of Hugh Candidus.
Eudokia was a Samarian woman who lived in Heliopolis of Phoenicia.
He was also canonized as a Christian saint.
Despite his impaired vision, his memory was so powerful that he mastered dialectics and geometry, subjects whose study usually benefits appreciably from sight.
In Italy, he is known as San Francesco Caracciolo, but should not be confused with the 18th century Neapolitan Admiral, and relative, of the same name.
Torre was canonized in 2000 as the first Mexican saint.
The second was a native of Fermo who escaped to the mountains during the persecutions of Christians by Diocletian.
He was crucified during the persecution of Christians under the Roman emperor Trajan.
His feast day is celebrated November 16.
Pope John Paul II announced the canonization of de la Paz on June 19, 1988, with his feast day on November 24.
Saint Veredemus was an 8th-century hermit who become bishop of Avignon around 700 AD.
Later he was ordained priest, and travelled over nearly the whole Roman world, preaching against pagans, Jews, and heretics, especially the Arians.
Anastasius was a fuller at Aquileia who subsequently moved his business to Solin.
She was declared "Venerable" by Pope Paul VI on 6 February 1978.
He strongly supported the unity of all Orthodox churches and established particularly good relationships with the Anglican and Episcopal Church.
Helladius of Kiev was a monk and saint.
They are the patron saints of the city and diocese of Avellino, and of the city of Mercogliano.
Her persecutors tried to burn her alive, but she was saved by a shower of rain.
Villagers of Falzé, whose patron saint was St. Jerome, protested to the bishop about this "insolent picture."
He was the twenty-first Bishop of Clermont and his feast day is celebrated on June 3.
One final miracle is needed for her to be canonized.
For the poet with this name, see Juventinus Albius Ovidius.
At that time, Bulgaria was under the rule of the Ottoman Empire, which compelled some locals to convert to Islam.
He was a grandson of King Brychan of Brecknock, and built numerous churches.
When her parents betrothed her to a young man, she seriously considered leaving home and withdrawing from the world.
As bishop of Bologna, he built the Church of Santo Stefano.
Catholics regard a Fourth Council of Constantinople as anathematizing Photios as legitimate.
In 1170 he was appointed Bishop of Fossombrone, where he later had the cathedral built.
This devotion is predominantly used in the Roman Catholic Church and among some high-church Anglicans and Lutherans.
He ensured that Carmelite teachings and its charism was promoted among the faithful.
Saint Epimachus was a Roman martyr, and is commemorated on 10 May.
Gwynno appears to have been the son of Cau, called Euryn y Coed aur.
Cynllo's knee imprints are said to exist in a rock, near the farm Felin Gynllo, which lies just outside Llangoedmor in Ceredigion.
The name "Andrew", like other Greek names, appears to have been common among the Jews, Christians, and other Hellenized people of Judea.
was a Spanish Jesuit missionary to the Portuguese colony of Brazil in the second half of the 16th century.
His observation is celebrated on 26 June.
Agnes of Rome is a virgin–martyr, venerated as a saint in the Roman Catholic Church, Eastern Orthodox Church, the Anglican Communion, and Lutheranism.
He was in attendance at councils of Rome convened under Pope Symmachus.
Egino was born in Augsburg, Bavaria, Germany, was Camaldolese abbot involved in the many disputes of his era.
They are mentioned in the Menaea Graeca and the Menologium der Orthodox-Katholischen Kirche des Morgenlandes.
Traditionally attributed as the work of Sts.
Seeing the steadfastness of these saints, they beheaded them.
Mocius also refers to Mozi of China.
Florinus received his education from a priest at Unterengadin, where he was also ordained.
Several notable images of Saint Joseph have been granted a Canonical coronation by a Pope.
Bogumilus, in Polish Bogumił Piotr, was Archbishop of Gniezno and a hermit.
Saint Wandregisel was a Frankish courtier, monk, and abbot.
He is the patron saint of Lisbon and Valencia.
He was accompanied by his siblings: St. Eucharius, and three sisters, Menna, Libaria, and Susanna.
She was beatified by the Roman Catholic Church in 1982.
Christian tradition states that he was a wealthy Roman army officer who was martyred at Melitene, Armenia, under Valerian.
His feast day was on 1 April.
Names from this group include Thelica, Ampelius, Emeritus, and Rogatian.
She was born into an observant Jewish family, but was an atheist by her teenage years.
Saint Fergus was a bishop who worked in Scotland as a missionary.
He was admitted to the veil in Monastery of St. Anthony.
Her name is thought to be cognate with Welsh morwyn "maiden".
Along with her sister Cecilia Rosa de Jesús Talangpaz, she founded the "Beaterio de San Sebastián de Calumpang", in 1719.
He is variously described in the genealogical Bonedd y Saint as a brother of Saint Teilo or a grandson of Coel Hen.
He was canonized by the Ecumenical Patriarch of Constantinople in 1955.
Mary is sometimes shown, in both Eastern and Western Christian art, being crowned by one or two angels, but this is considered a different subject.
Antoninus, however, headed for Campania where he ended up at Castellammare di Stabia.
He founded, in 1094, at Berteaucourt-les-Dames near Amiens, a monastery for women, with the assistance of Godelinda and Elvige.
Maximilian was born in Celeia in the Roman province of Pannonia.
The main source of information on St Edmund is a contemporary account written by an eyewitness and published a short time after his death.
In his second Epistle to Timothy, Paul requests, "The phelonion that I left at Troas with Carpus, when thou comest, bring with thee, and the books."
Andrew the Apostle, also known as Saint Andrew and called in the Orthodox tradition the First-Called, was a Christian Apostle and the brother of Saint Peter.
Saint Solus was an English monk, in Germany with St. Boniface.
He should not be confused with another Aquilinus, who was killed during the reign of the Arian Vandal king Hunneric in 484.
While the legion's leader, Saint Maurice, was killed at Agaunum, along with many other soldiers, Solutor, Adventor, and Octavius managed to escape.
They were: Saint Renatus of Sorrento, and Saint Renatus of Angers.
He is also labelled "the minor", "the little", "the lesser", or "the younger", according to translation.
He is the founder of Missionary Catechists of Saint Thérèse of the Infant Jesus, and was Bishop of Lucena until his death.
Servant of God Alphonsus "Alfie" Lambe was an Irish-born Roman Catholic activist and Envoy of the Legion of Mary to South America.
Candidus' relics were stored in a 6th-century reliquary at the Abbaye de Saint-Maurice d'Agaune.
Through the Pharaoh's daughter, the child was adopted as a foundling from the Nile river and grew up with the Egyptian royal family.
Bracchio had been a Thuringian nobleman who had served in the court of Sigiswald of Clermont.
He was born at Kynai also known as Qani of an immoral women who exposed her child to the elements.
He is venerated as a saint in the Oriental Orthodox Church and his feast day is 23 December.
Lutherans, and Martin Luther in particular, have held Augustine in preeminence.
A heavenly voice indicated Donatus as most worthy of the honour.
In 1794, de la Neuville was guillotined in Place du Trône Renversé in Paris.
He is traditionally credited with the introduction of bells to Christian worship and helped resolve the disputed election of Pope Boniface I.
One of the greatest monks of Christian East.
Rather, Ystradyfodwg's parish church is dedicated to Saint John.
Aaron is also mentioned in the New Testament of the Bible.
The Armenian historian Stepanos Nazarian has described him as the "second Mesrop Mashtots".
Theodore the Studite was a Byzantine Greek monk and abbot of the Stoudios Monastery in Constantinople.
Adalbert I of Ostrevent was a 7th-century nobleman and saint.
He is commemorated as a saint and martyr on January 4, April 14, and September 27.
The English philosopher Anthony Kenny considers Thomas to be 'one of the dozen greatest philosophers of the western world'.
According to a long tradition from Salins-les-Bains, Claudius was born in the castle of Bracon near Salins, of a Gallo-Roman family named Claudia.
Venantius Honorius Clementianus Fortunatus was a Latin poet and hymnodist in the Merovingian Court, and a Bishop of the Early Church.
Władysław-Jogaila was crowned king on 4 March.
Kim was one of several thousand Christians who were executed during this time.
Born at Tuy, Spain, Hermogius founded Labrugia Monastery in Spanish Galicia in 915.
Saint Godric of Finchale was an English hermit, merchant and popular medieval saint, although he was never formally canonised.
After his martyrdom, he was quickly hailed as a saint in Fulda and other areas in Germania and in England.
He was born in Nehisa in the Nile Delta to Christian parents.
At the time identified for his death, California was Spanish territory, and Spain was worried about Russian advances southwards from Alaska.
Saint Clement is also the patron saint of the Republic of Macedonia, the city of Ohrid and the Macedonian Orthodox Church.
Piamarta established his congregation in 1900 in order to promote Christian education across the Italian peninsula.
Miliau was the son of Budic and grandson of Alain le Long, kings of Armorica in Brittany.
His biography states that Dalmatius was born at Forum Germarzorum and became a churchman and evangelizer in Pedona.
He is the patron saint of the Ural region.
His books were published beginning in 1840.
Cope was declared a saint by the same pope on October 21, 2012, along with Kateri Tekakwitha, a 17th-century Native American.
The following period of her life remained unknown.
Saints Basilissa and Anastasia are early Christian martyrs of Rome.
He was born and educated at Carrhae in Syria, and preached the Gospel in the valley of Mount Lebanon, where he lived as a hermit.
She is considered among the earliest fools for Christ.
Saint Margaret, O.P., was a Dominican nun and the daughter of King Béla IV of Hungary and Maria Laskarina.
He was forcibly castrated and tonsured after his father's deposition in 813.
Anchieta is also considered the third saint of Brazil.
He is said to have evangelized Syria and Mesopotamia, and is on that basis referred to as one of the Equals-to-the-Apostles.
Blessed Josefa Naval Girbés was a Spanish Roman Catholic who was also a Secular Carmelite.
He founded the monastery and college in the 6th century, and the school is believed to be Britain’s earliest centre of learning.
Some of his relics can be found at Chartres Cathedral.
Menni worked with the old and those whom were abandoned.
He was stoned to death with many of his parishioners in 341 or 342 during the reign of the Sassanid ruler Shapur II.
It contains biographical information on several saints, including:
Athanasius is counted as one of the four great Eastern Doctors of the Church in the Roman Catholic Church.
By July 1588, the Armada was on its way, and there was no longer any motive for sparing priests.
It is possible that the holy Meingold was a different person confused with the count, with both having been killed in the same year.
In that century, Saint Rupert built a church in his honour at Bischofshofen in the Salzach valley, and brought his relics there.
A letter attributed to Ambrose has the Milanese bishop encouraging Vigilius to oppose marriages between Christians and pagans.
References to Elijah appear in Ecclesiasticus, the New Testament, the Mishnah and Talmud, the Quran, the Book of Mormon, the Doctrine and Covenants, and Bahá'í writings.
She is depicted as a Black Madonna.
Eusebia and Gertrude, who had been abbesses of the monastery of that name.
Metrophanes was stabbed in the chest by a crowd of rebels.
Pentelewon was said to have shut himself in a tower for 45 years, which Mendez identifies with Pentalewon Monastery near Axum.
He is venerated as a Saint by Catholics, Greek Orthodox believers and Copts, his feast being kept on 4 December.
He became a monk at the abbey of Sint-Truiden.
The widow of Senator Valentinus and daughter of Herod Metallarius.
This act of kindness was performed by two priests, Gregory and Orosius, friends of Eusebius.
He was the son of Saint Triphina, who retired to a convent after her son's murder, and was taught by Gildas the Wise.
A deacon Nonnosus is mentioned in a 12th-century collection of legends from Carinthia, Austria.
Also on the grounds are a religious hotel and medical facilities.
Gordianus was a Roman pagan and judge.
Valens' successor, the Emperor Theodosius I, released Isaac, outlawed Arianism and reopened the churches closed by Valens.
Saint Amator's feast day is celebrated on 1 May.
This testimony would be used later to make Mandrapa a saint.
A holy well nearby was the site of her martyrdom.
A miracle recorded of him states that one day, when water from the well was brought to him by a servant, it had become wine.
Pallotta devoted her entire life to the Rule of her congregation and to serving in whatever task was prescribed to her.
His name produced many variant spellings, including Ceran, Kieran and Queran.
Eventually, the marzban, albeit reluctant, has him beheaded in Tbilisi.
Tradition states that she died while praying at the tomb of Saints Nabor and Felix.
Blessed Luigi Tezza was an Italian Roman Catholic priest and a professed member of the Camillians.
They saw the Virgin Mary as their protector during storms and other hazards.
During the ninth century, some of the Martyrs of Córdoba were associated with this church, including Perfectus, a priest there.
They replied that they required only the one designated by God and by his [Anthony's] own selection.
Contrary to usual practice, the quarters of the priests were not exposed but buried near the scaffold.
Agilulfus' violent end soon after could be a result of Martel seeking revenge.
She is thought to have died on December 9, ca.
Her martyrdom is considered to have occurred either during the persecution of Decius, in 251, or under Maximian in 286.
Equitius worked to spread monasticism in Italy and the West but was never ordained as a priest.
His feast is celebrated on this day both in the Greek and Roman Churches; the Greeks also observe 2 June as the day of his death.
He was born February 7 in the little village of St. John Karystia, in the province of Evia.
Saint Bienheuré is a semi-legendary saint of Vendôme.
The Blessed Martyrs of Drina are the professed Sisters of the Congregation of the Daughters of Divine Charity, who lost their lives during World War II.
In about 500 he was elected abbot, succeeding Abbot Agapitus.
Sinicius would later succeed Sixtus as bishop of Reims.
He is mentioned by Isidore of Seville, who considered him one of the “illustrious men" of whom he wrote the lives.
Gertrude the Great was a German Benedictine, mystic, and theologian.
He decided to devote his life to Christ by becoming a Catechist.
Blessed Maria Sagheddu - in religious Maria Gabriella - was an Italian Roman Catholic professed religious and a professed member from the Trappists.
His name is also listed as Abrosimus.
The cause of beatification commenced several decades after his death in a diocesan process that granted him the title of Servant of God.
The erection of his martyrium was credited to the 6th-century St Teilo.
These included Constantine, Dalmatius, Desiderius, Isidore, Magnus, Olympius, Pontius, Theodore, and Victor.
Saint Richard Reynolds, O.Ss.S was an English Brigittine monk executed in London for refusing the Oath of Supremacy to King Henry VIII of England.
He was ordained a priest in Shanghai after nine years by the French bishop Jean-Joseph-Jean-Baptiste Ferréol.
Maximilian of Antioch was a Christian martyr under Julian the Apostate.
His feast day is celebrated every year on 15 Hathor in the Coptic Orthodox Church of Alexandria, which coresponds to November 24 on the Gregorian Calendar.
"The Golden Words of the Blessed Brother Giles", together with a sketch of his life, by the writer of this article;
Christian tradition makes him the second bishop of Limoges, and the successor of St.
Albert died in Milan, Italy, on 15 August 1450.
Heliodorus of Bet Zabdai was a Syrian bishop of Bet Zabdai in Mesopotamia and a martyr.
Among those meeting him was Paul, who signed himself with the Sign of the Cross, and this was noticed.
Focherini's beatification was held on 15 June 2013 in Modena under Pope Francis who had Cardinal Angelo Amato preside over the celebration on his behalf.
Along with Athanasius, he affirmed the divinity of Jesus against Arianism.
As a result of a severe drought in Canaan, Jacob and his sons moved to Egypt at the time when his son Joseph was viceroy.
While the erection of the monasteries was in process they lived in a small building in the neighbourhood.
It is written that as the musicians played at her wedding she "sang in her heart to the Lord".
During Maximinus' persecution, a number of Christians were condemned for life to slavery in the copper mines of Roman Cilicia.
Pope John Paul II beatified Frassati in mid-1990 and dubbed him the "Man of the Eight Beatitudes".
Saint Felix of Girona is a Catalan saint.
Their feast in the Roman Martyrology is celebrated on August 26.
Zoticus was a 3rd-century martyr and bishop of Comana.
His feast is October 30 on Julian Calendar.
Ambrose stated that Sebastian came from Milan and that he was already venerated there at that time.
Isfael or Ismael, often anglicized as Ishmael, was an AD 6th-century medieval Welsh bishop of Rhos and saint.
Barontius was a former member of the court of Theuderic II.
The pagans agreed, released the elders and took Leo instead.
Born in Egypt, he lived in absolute seclusion for fifty years, and then near the monastery of Saint Seridon of Gaza in Palestine.
He succeeded his father Saint Genebald as bishop of Laon.
After the death of his parents, he gave away all of his possessions and established himself in the Val di Non in Trentino.
For the Welsh city of this name, see St Asaph; for the diocese of this name see, Diocese of Saint Asaph
She converted from Zoroastrianism to Christianity in the reign of Khosrau I.
Blessed Caterina Cittadini was an Italian Roman Catholic religious from Bergamo who established the Ursuline Sisters of Saint Jerome Emiliani.
The date of her death is most probably on or after AD 439.
She was illiterate but later founded the Community of the Sisters of Charity despite this impediment.
Saint Randoald was prior of the Benedictine monastery of Grandval in the Moutier valley, under saint Germanus.
This became the famous monastery called the "Great Convent".
The well was covered over with earth.
The image has been on display for Papal masses since the Pontificate of Pope Benedict XVI.
It is the first known medieval accusation against Jews of ritual murder.
Maria Gemma Umberta Galgani was an Italian mystic, venerated as a saint in the Roman Catholic Church since 1940.
But by old age he could go no longer, he dispatched to monasteries his novices and believers, who came to him.
In 787 John led a revolt against Khazar domination of Gothia.
The elderly nun was actually tortured to death but Joachim exhausted the prison guards, he with-stood the most refined torments that they could think up.
Having been ordained a priest his career took him to Milan where, in 1100, he joined Anselm IV, Archbishop of Milan for the Crusade of 1101.
A community of monks who lived in that city became custodians of these holy relics.
He was succeeded by Constabilis, who had served as Peter's coadjutor.
Saint Totnan's Statue was located in Alte Mainbruecke.
It is a primary source of biographies of saints, including the following:
The vision prompted her to even greater dedication to prayer and good works.
Saint Peter of Verona O.P., also known as Saint Peter Martyr, was a 13th-century Italian Catholic priest.
Andrew of Trier is listed as the twelfth Bishop of Trier.
Guarinus was born in Pont-à-Mousson, France, around 1065, into a noble family.
Blessed Antonio Franco was a Roman Catholic Italian priest and prelate of Santa Lucia del Mela.
Afterwards, she was associated with curing eye disorders.
A period of anti-clericalism forced her to disband her schools and orders until a long while later when she could reinstitute her order and new schools.
Nine thousand Georgians gave their lives for Christ and their motherland on the battlefield at Marabda.
The letter, an exhortation to live a Godly Life, appears to be text borrowed from the different sermons of various priests.
She performed a wide range of tasks to cater to the needs of those who needed help.
Two Roman legionaries, they were martyred for their faith around 300.
was the Doge of Venice from 976 until 978.
He was a follower of Symeon the New Theologian and wrote the most complete biography of Symeon, Life of Symeon.
Amadour is regarded as the founder of the shrine of Our Lady of Rocamadour in France.
Being accused before his successor, or as some say before the prefect of the city, Apronianus, he was cruelly tortured and finally beheaded.
He was beatified on 31 May 2015 by Cardinal Angelo Amato on behalf of the pope.
Tydfil was the daughter of King Brychan by his fourth wife.
Rais, also known as Iraida, Irais, Herais or Rhais, is a martyr venerated by the Roman Catholic and the Eastern Orthodox churches.
Attala was originally from Burgundy, and first became a monk at the abbey of Lérins.
The Georgian Orthodox Church had the 300 Aragvians and those who fought and died in the battle canonized as martyrs in 2008.
The Spanish word labrador means someone who works the land , not a worker in general, which in Spanish would be obrero, or trabajador.
He was born in the town of Riese, which would later append "Pio X" to the town's name.
Gabriel, in the Abrahamic religions, is an angel who typically serves as God's messenger.
There he became a recluse until his death of April 30.
was a French canon regular who is honored as a saint in the Roman Catholic Church.
He followed his master in all his travels, and assisted him in his missionary labours, giving assistance in the formation of choral services.
He may have been of Irish origin; he is credited also with the foundation of Aulne Abbey and Wallers Abbey.
Bellinus Bertaldo was Bishop and martyr of Padua, Italy.
She was born in the town of Vallmoll, Catalonia.
Some of these were located in Gallaecia, but he subsequently established monasteries farther south in the Iberian Peninsula.
She was said to have been the sister of Paul Aurelian, Sidwell of Exeter and Wulvela but this is hotly debated.
Mar Qardagh, was a Sassanid prince who was martyred for converting to Christianity.
Their relics were re-discovered in 1167 by Gugliemo, bishop of Avellino.
Saint Theoclia was eventually beheaded on 11 Pashons.
They then made a pilgrimage to Rome and planned to go to the Holy Land by way of Venice.
Both Carboni and her sister began attending church and studying with a priest, who secretly gave them the sacrament of Holy Communion and confirmation.
He was arrested and executed in 1835 in Saigon and subsequently made a Catholic martyr, by having his flesh pulled by tongs.
Most representations, created by Europeans, depict a European.
Peter Igneus subsequently became abbot of S. Salvatore in Fucecchio, and in 1072 Cardinal Bishop of Albano.
The center of her veneration is Saintes-Maries-de-la-Mer, a place of pilgrimage for Roma in the Camargue, in southern France.
Following the death of Theodora in 548, Justianian attempted to get Anastasia to return to Constantinople, to no avail.
He is highly respected in the Palestinian Christian Community.
The Dominican fathers decided to let Liêm and four other Tonkinese study in the Philippines.
Her mother was also sister to Freoch of Cloon.
The intercourse between Ghislain and Aldegonde brought about a perfect understanding between Maubeuge and the monastery founded at Ursidongus under Ghislain's direction.
He was executed for his faith in 1572 and has been declared a martyr and saint by the Catholic Church.
He is the author of several written works, out of which the most famous is The Lives of Saints.
This is by no means verifiable, but it is more certain that Amun's piety and fame drew others to the region.
Abai is not to be confused with the Syriac saint Abhai.
Their feast day is held on March 10.
Augustine of Hippo was an early Christian theologian and philosopher whose writings influenced the development of Western Christianity and Western philosophy.
Bartholomew of Farne was a Benedictine hermit.
After having escaped from the hands of the Huguenots of La Rochelle, he was arrested on reaching England and thrown into Newgate.
The letter of the pope was written "as a father to his children".
After his uncle Franz Ferdinand was assassinated in 1914, Charles became the designated successor of the Emperor Franz Josef.
Philip is one of the patron saints of the United States Army Special Forces and also known for his power of accomplish exorcisms.
They state that Hermes was a martyr with companions in Rome, who were killed at the orders of a judge named Aurelian.
Petronax was elected their superior and other recruits soon joined the monastery.
Pierre-Joseph Cassant was a French Roman Catholic priest and professed member of the Trappists.
Their feast day observed on July 11.
Other companions included Marsus, his priest; Corcodomus, his deacon; and Jovian his subdeacon.
Blessed Michael Sopoćko was a Roman Catholic priest and professor at Vilnius University.
She was beatified in 1986 after the recognition of a miracle attributed to her.
Saint Aredius, also known as Yrieix, was Abbot of Limoges and chancellor to Theudebert II, King of Austrasia in the 6th century.
He intended to be a monk, but chose to be a scholar and statesman instead.
For his importance among the Desert Fathers and to all later Christian monasticism, he is also known as the Father of All Monks.
There he met another Dominican priest, the Spaniard Jacinto Castañeda.
Offshoots of this Order brought its mission and spirit around the globe.
One wasyta bint Abdullah, a craftswoman, who supported Abdullah and their child through her handcrafts.
Some people have quipped that she might even become the "patron saint of large families" because she had eleven children.
Saint Zoilus is venerated as a saint by the Catholic Church.
He was an ascetic and celibate, and was almost definitely a son of the covenant.
He was probably born at Aquileia, and grew up there.
The bones were interred at St. Philippe.
In the same year he consecrated the monastery of Honnecourt sur l'Escaut, which was given in 685 to St. Bertin.
Coloman spoke no German, so he could not give an understandable account of himself.
As well as Rome and Dalmatia he was a popular saint in Toledo.
He was beatified by Pope John Paul II in 2001 and recognised as Righteous Among the Nations by Yad Vashem in 2007.
She was beatified by Pope John Paul II.
He was born at Al-Hirah, the son of Hanif.
Obitius was devoted to Saint Margaret as a youth, and displayed an image of this virgin martyr and his armorial device.
He is the patron saint of Wales.
He was then ordained and then became an abbot.
Christina Georgina Rossetti was an English poet who wrote a variety of romantic, devotional, and children's poems.
He is reported to have roused the countryside to resist pagan invasion forces.
The three are venerated as saints in Eastern Orthodoxy, Catholicism, Anglicanism and other Christian churches.
Barelli was also the co-founder of the Secular Institute of the Missionaries of the Kingship of Christ.
They had 11 children, several of whom died young.
They are all collectively commemorated with a feast day on April 9.
He was a theologian who attended the Council of Ephesus in 431, during the reign of Byzantine Emperor Theodosius II.
His parents, Marinus and Euphemia, were pagan.
Only one nun, Carentia, agreed with Franca's discipline and she moved to a Cistercian convent in Rapallo.
Latini received canonization from Pope John Paul II centuries later on 10 June 2001 after the confirmation of one more miracle.
His remains were put to rest in a Roman sarcophagus.
Cowed by the hermit’s presence, Bracchio’s dogs refused to attack the boar.
At Faremoutiers, she was commemorated on 7 December.
The traditions of most Christian denominations have held that John the Apostle is the author of several books of the New Testament.
He is considered a martyr and was beatified by Pope John Paul II on 13 June 1999.
For Old Calendar churches, May 9 falls on May 22 of the New Calendar.
Christian sources memorialized the "20,000 Martyrs of Nicomedia".
He was a disciple of Sergius of Radonezh, and later went on to found four monasteries on Chukhloma Lake, in the Galich district of Kostroma Oblast.
He said he knew him very well.
Saint Stephen Min Kuk-ka is a Korean Roman Catholic saint.
The Persians panicked upon coming face-to-face with the courage and fortitude of the Georgian soldiers, but the experienced commander Isa-Khan Qurchibash would not yield.
The joint celebration of Nereus, Achilleus, Domitilla and Pancras continued with that ranking until the revision of 1960, when it was reclassified as a third-class feast.
Imprisoned in 1875 after the Indian Wars at Fort Marion, Florida, Oakerhater became one of the founding figures of modern Native American art.
He was ordained bishop of Auxerre in 388 and governed the see until his death 30 years later.
Saints Rufus and Zosimus are 2nd century Christian martyrs venerated by the Roman Catholic and the Eastern Orthodox churches.
A small chapel was built at this site in the 1920s, when people were already making devotional pilgrimages there.
He was of Persian origins, but born in Baghdad in 840 CE where spent most of his life.
Very little is known of her actual life.
Abda of Edessa was a bishop of Edessa in the Church of the East.
The Kessock area of Inverness is named after the saint, as is the Kessog oil field in the North Sea.
He died at an advanced age of natural causes and was buried in the city.
Athanasius was a Christian theologian, a Church Father, the chief defender of Trinitarianism against Arianism, and a noted Egyptian leader of the fourth century.
He was a Gallo-Roman, and an ecclesiastical writer, and served as bishop of this see from around 310 to 334 AD.
This icon is still enshrined within the camp precincts and is still venerated each year by the children attending this Antiochian Orthodox Christian Youth Camp.
Édouard Benjamin Baillaud was a French astronomer.
Willehad or Willihad; c. 745 AD – 8 November 789 AD) was a Christian missionary and the Bishop of Bremen from 787 AD.
Saint Ivo was a Cornish bishop and hermit, and became the eponymous saint of St Ives, Huntingdonshire.
He really did have a son called Budic, who did not succeed him as king.
According to their Acts, they were two schoolboys who were killed for their faith during the persecution of Christians by the Roman Emperor Diocletian.
Little Sir Hugh was never actually canonised.
Corentin was a hermit at Plomodiern and was regarded as one of the seven founding saints of Brittany.
Stephen eventually defeated a large Ottoman army in the Battle of Vaslui in 1475.
He corresponded with Augustine of Hippo, who served as Quodvultdeus' spiritual teacher.
The feast of Saint Burgundofara is celebrated on 3 April, probably in error.
Although the legend may be monastic mythology, historians have however concluded that he was the original martyr.
His tomb is in the crypt of the city's St. Paulinus' Church, which was rededicated to him.
He was born in a Venetian noble family, associated with the Sagredos or Morosinis in sources written centuries later.
She was a particularly austere and generous woman who founded a convent.
Humbert of Maroilles was a Frankish monk, abbot, and saint.
He subsequently convinced his aged parents, as well as his two brothers, Luke and Cosmas, and sister Caterina, to enter the monastic life.
Nothing is known of her true identity, and there is no evidence of any worship of an early date.
She was the first naturalized citizen of the United States to be canonized by the Roman Catholic Church, on July 7, 1946.
He is the brother of Saint Cynidr.
The Blessed Conrad of Offida was an Italian Friar Minor preacher and founder of the Celestines.
Athanasius met with considerable opposition from the hermits already at Mount Athos in the construction of his monasteries.
Monsignor Tornabuoni, bishop of Saluzzo, declared Chiaffredo patron of his diocese during a synod of 1516, with Saint Constantius as co-patron.
According to the 11th century hagiography, Vita Sancti Rumwoldi, he was the grandson of Penda of Mercia and the son of a king of Northumbria.
Gabriel the archangel is also a character in other ancient Jewish writings such as the Book of Enoch.
Saint Arnoul of Cysoing, of Flanders, and apparently martyred in 752, was a soldier.
Along with her sister Dionisia Talangpaz, she established the "Beaterio de San Sebastian de Calumpang", in 1719.
Vicente Liem de la Paz was a Tonkinese Dominican friar venerated as a saint and martyr by the Roman Catholic Church.
Anthony, John, and Eustathius are saints and martyrs of the Russian Orthodox Church.
Thomas started The Life in 1149/50; he completed volume 7 by 1173.
He is a saint in the Roman Catholic Church and in the Eastern Orthodox Church.
Although Puchała had the opportunity, he did not choose to escape and instead remained with his parishioners.
On June 14, 1993 it was crowned by the Pope John Paul II, who named it «Mother of Spain and America».
Aristarchus or Aristarch, "a Greek Macedonian of Thessalonica", was an early Christian mentioned in a few passages of the New Testament.
Saint Amelberga of Susteren should not be confused with St. Amalberga of Maubeuge, or the virgin St. Amalberga of Temse.
Gregory Dix, OSB was an English monk and priest of Nashdom Abbey, an Anglican Benedictine community.
He decided to punish blasphemy, gambling, interest-bearing loans and prostitution, and bought presumed relics of Christ for which he built the Sainte-Chapelle.
Saint Arbogast was a 7th-century missionary to the Frankish Empire and an early Bishop of Strasbourg.
Trier itself was taken in 496 by the Frankish.
This resulted in a death sentence being pronounced, and after being tortured, Tatiana was beheaded with a sword on January 12, around AD 225 or 230.
103 of them, including Imbert, were canonized by the Catholic Church as saints in 1984.
Emeric was educated in a strict and ascetic spirit by the Benedictine monk from Venice, Gerard from the age of 15 to 23.
Born in Huy, Belgium, she was also known as Ivette, Ivetta, Jufta or Jutta of Huy.
Anastasius is one of the 140 Colonnade saints which adorn St. Peter's Square.
Some differing views are due to theological interpretations versus historical views.
Saint Alferius was an Italian abbot and saint.
He was also an accomplished painter, and painted several murals in the Gothic style in Novgorod, none of which survived destruction during the Second World War
She was made a Servant of God with the introduction of her beatification cause on 22 July 1935 while being made Venerable on 9 February 1941.
Lupus has also been called the brother of Vincent of Lérins.
He promised support to the leaders of the Three Nations of Transylvania against Matthias Corvinus, King of Hungary, in 1467.
Celebrations in his honor are celebrated in Florida, Teggiano, Buenos Aires, Brooklyn, San Mauro Pascoli, and San Cono di Cessaniti.
Ina was the daughter of Ceredig ab Cunedda Wledig, and a granddaughter of Cunedda Wledig, the progenitor of the royal dynasty of Gwynedd.
He is honored as a saint and martyr by the Catholic Church, the Old Catholic Church, and the Eastern Orthodox Church.
He fervently opposed paganism and founded a monastery, later known as Saint-Vigor-le-Grand.
Steeb was originally a Lutheran but converted to Roman Catholicism while studying in Italy.
Saint Walpurga or Walburga, also spelled Valderburg or Guibor, was an Anglo-Saxon missionary to the Frankish Empire.
This article incorporates text from a publication now in the public domain: Herbermann, Charles, ed.. "Ven.
At an unknown date, East Anglia was attacked by a Mercian army led by its king, Penda.
Nostrianus was Bishop of Naples, known for his opposition to Arianism and Pelagianism.
Saint Alypius of Thagaste was bishop of the see of Tagaste in 394.
A figure named Lazarus is also mentioned in the Gospel of Luke.
Sperandia is venerated as a saint by the Catholic Church.
By the twelfth century, William's legend had grown.
Vittorio Trancanelli was an Italian Roman Catholic doctor from Perugia.
Áed mac Bricc was an Irish bishop and saint.
After being dismissed by the prefect, they went next to Baramon, where they were beheaded.
They are commemorated in the Orthodox Church on May 26.
His teacher, John Bosco, regarded Savio very highly, and wrote a biography of his young student, The Life of Dominic Savio.
A noblewoman named Luparia, interested in their mission, hid them and converted to Christianity after building an altar in honor of John the Baptist.
Three other foundations followed shortly thereafter, with three of them remaining in place to the present.
Saint Asterius of Ostia was a martyred priest.
Despite his imprisonment, he remained technically locum tenens until his death in 1937.
He was the eldest son of William FitzOsbern, 1st Earl of Hereford.
Saint Charles of Sezze - born Giancarlo Marchioni - was an Italian professed religious from the Order of Friars Minor.
Pope Clement XIII beatified him on 15 April 1760.
Antoninus of Sorrento was an Italian abbot, hermit, and saint.
He served as bishop for a little under seven years and retired to the monastery of Zadonsk because of poor health.
Saint Anthony or Antony was a Christian monk from Egypt, revered since his death as a saint.
Little historical detail regarding Fortunatus survives, but he may have been a native of Montefalco, a hill town near Spoleto in Umbria.
Lanteri's cause for canonization was begun in 1920 and he was declared Venerable by Pope Paul VI in 1965.
He was named a Doctor of the Church in 1959.
Two years later, he captured the town.
One late account suggests that in 1221 she was visited by Francis of Assisi, who admitted her into his Third Order.
Toward the end of October 1886, he went through a conversion experience at the Church of Saint Augustin in Paris under Henri Huvelin's guidance.
Abundius is one of those to whom the authorship of the Te Deum is occasionally attributed.
Amata of Assisi was a Poor Clare.
Cointha, also known as Quinta or "Cynthia", suffered martyrdom during the persecutions of Emperor Trajanus Decius.
He is a saint of the Roman Catholic Church and the patron saint of teachers.
Sadok and 48 Dominican martyrs from Sandomierz were Roman Catholic, Dominican martyrs killed by Mongols during the Second Mongol invasion of Poland in 1260.
Sulpitius the Pious or "the Débonnaire" was a 7th-century bishop of Bourges and saint.
Sometimes St Alban is confused with another St Alban, who was martyred at Verulamium.
Saturninus went into Spain, leaving Papulus in charge of the Christian converts at Toulouse.
He is shown on the mosaic of the basilica with a martyr's crown in his hand.
Blessed Liborius Wagner was a German Roman Catholic priest.
After this Ælfthryth retired to the marshes of Crowland Abbey.
His followers, known as the House of Ewostatewos, have been a historic force in Tewahedo Orthodoxy.
Mary died at Brescia on December 15, 1855.
Blessed Karolina Kózka was a Polish Roman Catholic.
Æthelwine of Sceldeforde was a seventh century saint, venerated in the Roman Catholic and Eastern Orthodox churches, who lived in Anglo-Saxon England.
Saint Jane Frances de Chantal is a Roman Catholic saint, who founded a religious order after the death of her husband.
He is also commemorated on November 5 together with Ss.
She was also tortured with fire and before wild beasts, yet remained unscathed.
Blessed Francinaina Cirer Carbonell was a Spanish Roman Catholic professed religious.
You also by this instruction have mingled together the Romans and Corinthians who are the planting of Peter and Paul.
He is considered to have died at the age of 62 years.
Therefore, one will always find icons of Saint Anne next to icons of Saint Michael in Vodou households and temples.
In 1846, at the age of 25, he was tortured and beheaded near Seoul on the Han River.
Various details of his life are legendary.
They are jointly venerated by the Catholic Church with a feast day of 10 May in the Tridentine Calendar.
He was a Roman army officer and friend of Saint Polyeuctus, whom he had converted to the Christian faith.
She became a Dominican tertiary and was posthumously venerated as a saint in Kotor.
He was tonsured a monk at the age of thirty-four and later consecrated Bishop of Voronezh.
The girl had been paralyzed and the doctors were unable to help her so their father asked Andrew to come and pray for her.
He was struck by lightning while helping his father plow the fields and was killed instantly.
Sources vary as to her age – from 11 to 20 years old – though the Sainte-Réparate cathedral in Nice gives it as 15.
Saint Augustine Webster was an English Catholic martyr.
While another account gives a date of the 11th of Jan 309,
Tradition insists that an old stone coffin lid at that church is his.
His relics are kept at Pietramontecorvino, near Lucera in the province of Foggia in southern Italy.
When the Arians and Sigismund of Burgundy opposed the council, Catulin was exiled to Vienne.
Pope Benedict XVI recognized his life of heroic virtue and declared the late priest to be Venerable on 17 December 2007.
The identification of the places where they are said to have evangelized is imprecise: sources also state that Carcere or Carcesi is not Cazorla but Cieza.
Hyglac was an eighth century Catholic saint from Anglo-Saxon England.
He became known as a defender of the rights of the Church against Sivigald, the governor appointed by Theuderic.
After St Patrick built the church at Ardagh, he appointed Mél as Bishop of Ardagh.
Tradition states that he was a military officer and courtier to Yazdegerd I who had apostatized after this ruler began to persecute Christians.
On the calendars of Eastern Christianity, the feast day of Antipas is April 11.
He is the only canonized king of France, and there are consequently many places named after him.
By contrast, St. Jerome gives him an honourable place in his catalogue of ecclesiastical writers.
Her hagiography was intended to further her successful candidature for sainthood.
He met Saint Peter Nolasco in Barcelona and became a professed member of the Mercedarians in 1222.
The glosses upon Aengus and the Martyrology of Gorman, while seemingly treating them as distinct, prove that the matter admits of no certainty.
When the orthodox party who supported the antipope Felix were excluded from all the churches, Eusebius continued to say Mass in his own house.
He is listed as one of the witnesses in the Cáin Adomnáin, where he is called "Curetan epscop".
Eadfrith died in 675 and was buried in Leominster.
Rimbert is revered as a saint particularly in Frisia.
Castor died at Karden at an advanced age.
Forgoing offers of high office, he served for many years as an exemplary pastor in the village of Mattaincourt in the Vosges.
She is honored as a saint by the Catholic Church.
Saint Aphrodisius is a saint associated with the diocese of Béziers, in Languedoc, southern France.
Saint Flavitus was a priest and hermit of the early Middle Ages.
He was declared to be Venerable in 2001 after Pope John Paul II recognized his life of heroic virtue.
With the “Mariakerk”, they form the outside of the Utrecht “Kerkenkruis”: the Church Cross formed by four churches and a cathedral placed at its center.
The saint is without doubt a martyr of the Roman Church.
Saint Guarinus of Sitten was Bishop of Sion.
Elizabeth was a gifted pianist and harbored strong feelings for the Carmelite charism where she found all that she desired.
Their eyes were pierced with red-hot nails, and later they were shot with arrows, on 27 August 447.
Gregory of Tours, who came to Autun two centuries after his death, said he saw a great veneration on his tomb.
It is hard to be sure what historical core there might be to the legends.
The Christians spent the whole night in prayer in the converted temple.
He was killed at Nisibis in Mesopotamia.
Butler's Lives of the Saints offers the following remarks:
He exercised his pastoral mission in his home of Madrid and served as a member of Catholic Action.
Other say it was Patricissa of Croatia, the daughter of Krešimir III of Croatia.
Saint Maruthas or Marutha of Martyropolis was a Syrian monk who became bishop of Maypherkat in Mesopotamia for a period beginning before 399 through 410.
St. Cyprian appears to have been present in 524 at the synod of Arles and in the following years to have attended a number of councils.
Anthelm returned to Belley to help care for the poor and the lepers of the area.
Church authorities urged him to become a priest, but they persuaded him to do so with difficulty because he didn't believe he had the talents necessary.
Blessed Andriy Ishchak was a Ukrainian Greek Catholic priest and martyr.
Saint Afra was a Christian martyr and a saint of Augsburg.
She died on August 4, 1940 in Manila, the Philippines.
Amphilochius of Pochayiv was a 20th-century Ukrainian Orthodox saint, from Ternopil oblast of western Ukraine.
He is a martyr of the Catholic Church, dying in 1973 of his injuries sustained while imprisoned by the Soviet Union for his Christian faith.
Tradition holds that two snakes penetrated her cell in the last years of her life.
His wanderings ceased when he was made Bishop of Brescia.
He was the count of Dießen-Andechs, leading the Bavarians against invading Magyars in the tenth century.
He proclaimed his new belief, and he steadfastly refused to renounce it, even when the emperor Diocletian ordered him to do so.
He became widely known for his ascetic life and for wearing sandals.
Seraphim extended the monastic teachings of contemplation, theoria and self-denial to the layperson.
The 1969 revision of the calendar removed the commemoration of Eusebius, while sanctioning the celebration of his feast in the Roman basilica that bears his name.
Montfort is considered as one of the early writers in the field of Mariology.
She is said to work very well with Belie Belcan, another popular loa who is associated with Saint Michael the Archangel.
Blessed Teodora Fracasso - in religious Elia di San Clemente - was an Italian Roman Catholic professed religious from the Carmelites.
Since then he is revered as a saint in the Catholic Church.
He was beatified by Pope John Paul II on 2002.
They too were martyred along with Sts.
The original version of the story took into account the beauty of the boy and the homosexual desire of the caliph.
He was an intimate of Ramon Berenguer III, Count of Barcelona, and often accompanied the count on military ventures.
Pius X is known for vigorously opposing modernist interpretations of Catholic doctrine, promoting traditional devotional practices and orthodox theology.
Joseph of Arimathea was, according to all four canonical Gospels, the man who assumed responsibility for the burial of Jesus after Jesus' crucifixion.
At the invitation of Charlemagne, he became a leading scholar and teacher at the Carolingian court, where he remained a figure in the 780s and '90s.
He flourished during the reigns of the Cordovan emirs Abd-er-Rahman II and Muhammad I.
During his lifetime, Epiphanius undertook several church-related missions and exploits.
Abadios was a martyr of the Christian church.
They lived in Antioch and were martyred with Saint Ignatius of Antioch during the persecution of Christians under the Roman emperor Trajan.
Erc mac Dega, also known incorrectly as Herygh, was an Irish saint who was active in Cornwall.
The Anglo-Saxon Chronicle recension E, recorded his death in the 780s in one of three Ripon abbatial obits derived from a chronicle of Northumbrian origin.
At the end of her life, she formed and directed a community of religious women at Amiens.
Visitors came to her to receive counsel and prayers, and she quickly established a reputation as a saint.
Burgundofara, also Saint Fara or Fare, was the founder and first Abbess of the Abbey of Faremoutiers.
The recovered remains of the Imperial Family were finally re-interred in St. Petersburg, eighty years to the day on 17 July 1998.
The Gran Canaria virgin was declared patroness of the Gran Canaria.
After a length of time in which he converted many people, he was taken into government custody.
She instead devoted herself to surgeries for her own health but failed to cure her ailments; instead her health took on a rapid decline.
He refused, stating that, as a Christian, he could not serve in the military, leading to his immediate beheading by sword.
He was unwell and sick of the horrors of war.
Known to be a mystic, she was authorized to preach publicly, an extraordinay permission for a woman.
Variants of this legend state that Honestus baptized Firminus himself.
Eusebius ordered him back to Novara, where Laurence had been killed.
However, Craft, a very wealthy person, refused because he was afraid that he would attract Viking raids.
In 1880, Pope Leo XIII introduced their feast into the calendar of the Roman Catholic Church.
Saint John de Britto, also known as Arul Anandar, was a Portuguese Jesuit missionary and martyr, often called 'the Portuguese St Francis Xavier' by Indian Catholics.
He was arrested and martyred in the persecution led by the Roman Emperor Trajan.
Eustochia Smeralda Calafato is a Franciscan Italian Saint belonging to the Order of the Poor Clares.
Hugh became one of the best known of the blood libel 'saints': generally children whose deaths were interpreted as Jewish sacrifices.
In about 1085 he became a monk at the Benedictine monastery of Molesme Abbey.
William Exmew, O.Cart., was an English Catholic priest and Carthusian hermit.
With Saint Agatha, he is a co-patron of Catania in Sicily.
Maria took over household duties while her mother, brothers, and sister worked in the fields.
A native of Calabria, Himerius was a monk at Amelia before being appointed bishop there.
Не was hanged, drawn and quartered at York, 16 November 1594.
Venantius of Berri was a fifth century Saint and abbot.
Maggi also served as the confessor to both Girolamo Savonarola and Saint Catherine of Genoa.
When he was denounced as a Christian, Hyacinth proclaimed his faith.
Viel joined the Sisters of the Christian Schools in 1833 and assumed the religious name of "Placide".
This sanctuary probably dates to Lombard times; some eighth century sculptures remain.
He was arrested by Roman authorities and tried by Diocletian.
Saint Harold was a child martyr who was reported to have been slain by Jews in Gloucester, England, in 1168.
She is one of the six patron saints of Europe, together with Benedict of Nursia, Saints Cyril and Methodius, Catherine of Siena and Edith Stein.
The Ruthenian Catholic Church has erected a shrine to their memory there.
Back in Calabria in 1040, Filarete lived in Reggio Calabria and then moved to the monastery of St. Elias stood on Mount Aulinas at Palmi.
In the Eastern Catholic Churches and Orthodox Churches his feast day is 23 August.
Salvi was beatified on 1 October 1999.
Most of the available information about him is found in the letters he wrote from 1004–1028 to both secular and religious figures of the day.
It is now located under the main altar of the Cathedral of San Rufino, which is the third church to have been erected over his remains.
On May 17, 1555, some local authorities brought Nicholas before a judge or qadi.
Margaret of Castello, T.O.S.D., was a severely disabled, Italian Catholic woman and member of the Dominican Third Order.
His holy relics are undecayed and wonder-working; there are traditions that this saint particularly helps sick children and those who suffer from cancer.
The Gospel of Luke describes one asking Jesus to "remember him" when Jesus will have "come into" his kingdom.
Catholics had to covertly practise their faith.
Tradition states that he was sent to Braga by Pope Clement I, where he served as the city's third bishop around 95.
Her tomb became a popular pilgrimage destination, and she was invoked as a patron saint against evil spirits, leprosy, thunderstorm, bacteria diseases, and bacterial infections.
As part of this group, Alexander is one of the Martyrs of Lyons and Vienne.
Felicitas of Rome, also anglicized as Felicity, is a saint numbered among the Christian martyrs.
She is called a martyr of the Diocletianic Persecution, although her death occurred after the resignation of Diocletian himself.
Saint José María Robles Hurtado was a Mexican priest and one of several priests martyred during the Cristero War.
He put on plain peasant clothes and spoke simple Low-Russian language.
Six Christians, students of Origen, were martyred at the same time.
It was written by the Russian voyager Anthony, Bishop of Novgorod.
Pavel Pavlovich Stozhkov was born on November 21, 1792 in Malorossia guberniya of the Russian Empire in a rich noble family.
Not long after the death of Omurtag, Enravota asked his brother to release a pious Byzantine captive who had been imprisoned by Omurtag.
In gratitude, Olibrius had his entire family christened by Hilary, and donated to the saint lands and money.
Saint Fabius was a martyr of the Roman Empire from the ancient Mauretania, venerated as a saint by the Catholic Church.
Saints Modestinus, Florentinus and Flavianus are three Christian martyrs of Campania, Italy, martyred in 311.
Saint Cerbonius was a bishop of Populonia during the Barbarian invasions.
Saint Lodovico Pavoni was an Italian Roman Catholic priest who administered in Brescia where he lived.
Saint Amphibalus is a venerated early Christian priest said to have converted Saint Alban to Christianity.
He was canonised by Pope Paul VI in 1970, among the Forty Martyrs of England and Wales.
The Marassa are commonly syncretised with the Catholic Saints Cosmas and Damian.
John's Calabrian mother had been captured by the Saracens and brought to Sicily.
The most likely time for this would have been after AD 850, when the Vikings were settling Ireland.
Then she sold herself into voluntary slavery, and entered the service of a Roman noblewoman named Sabina.
Marcella is a saint in the Roman Catholic Church and Eastern Orthodox Church.
Although his writings were less influential outside of Hispania, Ildefonsus was canonised and remained a potent force in the peninsula for centuries.
The Leontine Martyrs were a group of people who were killed after a long period of captivity in Persia.
Saint Palladius of Embrun was a 6th-century bishop of Embrun.
He was born in Constantinople, to a well-to-do family noted for its piety and philanthropy.
She married Mieszko II Lambert, King of Poland, becoming Queen consort of Poland.
Saint Raphael of Lesbos was born on the island of Ithaka around 1410 as Georgios Laskaridis.
Nibo wears a black riding coat or drag.
In 359, he attended the Council of Rimini called by the Roman Emperor Constantius II, specially convened to condemn Arius.
Bello Sguardo was built on the site of Hermitage Cottage.
Bruno was the youngest son of Henry the Fowler and his second wife Matilda.
The cognomen can also be translated as Worm-Tongue or Snake-Tongue.
Alkmund of Derby, also spelt Ealhmund, Alhmund, Alcmund, or Alchmund was a son of Alhred of Northumbria.
Saint Philip of Agira was an early Christian confessor.
The location of these foundations "is not known with complete certainty."
Saint Vitalis of Gaza is a hermit venerated as a saint in the Orthodox Church and the Catholic Church.
His shrine is at the Eichstätt Cathedral in Germany, where his body and relics from his journeys are preserved.
All three figures’ histories may have been confused.
Bukhari died on the 19th day of the 5th month 690 AH in Uch, Punjab aged 95.
The image, also known as the Virgin of Luján, is on display in the Basilica of Luján in Argentina.
The Eastern Orthodox and Byzantine Catholic Churches celebrate his feast day on 9 June and also, together with Pope Athanasius I of Alexandria, on 18 January.
Some of his relics are also claimed by the parish of Lonate Pozzolo.
Attala also restored the binding of the books in the monastic library.
Both margraves were recognised as dukes after Bruno's death.
A hagiography of Curetán is found in the sixteenth century MS known as the Breviary of Aberdeen, where his vita occurs under the name "Boniface".
Abdas, was bishop of Susa in Iran.
It is not considered reliable by some modern scholars.
She was beatified by Pope John Paul II, on 31 October 2001, at St. Peter's Basilica, Vatican City along with her husband Luigi Beltrame Quattrocchi.
Francisco Palau y Quer, O.C.D., was a Catalan Discalced Carmelite friar and priest.
He was a popular figure on the island and spent hours in the confessional to be closer with his people.
He was a zealous Christian who was martyred for his Christianity with eight companions.
His feast day is celebrated on February 25.
John of the Cross is known for his writings.
Rimbert was unable to successfully complete the mission work to Denmark and Sweden, begun under Ansgar.
There exists no historically certain data relating to these two personages, and more than once this Julian of Antinoe has been confounded with Julian of Cilicia.
The principal centre of devotion to Triduana was at Restalrig, now part of Edinburgh.
He enforced a regular daily attendance at the Divine Office on the part both of regular and secular clergy.
Various places in Austria and Bavaria are named Sankt Veit in his honour.
He is a patron saint of the city.
St. Paul the Simple of Egypt was a hermit and disciple of St. Anthony the Great.
She and King Alfonso VI founded a monastery in the city in 1079 on the condition he would be its abbot.
A Doctor of Sacred Studies and a regular priest, he worked to reform women's monasteries in his native Poland.
His father tried to make Emeric co-heir still in his lifetime.
When he came under the influence of Dutch naval commander, Captain Eustachius De Lannoy, who instructed him in the Catholic faith.
Felix, Fortunatus, and Achilleus were 3rd-century Christian saints who suffered martyrdom during the reign of Caracalla.
Cultural depictions of her have continued in films, theater, television, video games, music, and performances to this day.
Composed at the end of the 13th century, it is preserved complete in a slightly younger manuscript.
After becoming bishop, in 1952 he was arrested, together with many other religious, and executed for ostensible crimes against the state.
Abundius of Pietra Montecorvina is a martyr and saint.
This focus stemmed from his close patron relationships with several prominent female ascetics who were members of affluent senatorial families.
Saint Proculus of Pozzuoli was martyred around 305 AD, according to Christian tradition, at the same time as Saint Januarius.
He decided to visit the Kingdom of Hungary.
Julia's feast day is May 22 in the Roman liturgical calendar.
For his success in this endeavor, he is referred to as its "second founder".
He succeeded Bishop Domenico in 545AD, and when he died in 580AD the diocese of Arras was suppressed to establish Diocese of Cambrai.
Saint Germanicus was a youth who was arrested and martyred for his faith in Smyrna during the reign of the Roman Emperor Antoninus.
Her feast day is celebrated on October 20.
Bartholomew was one of the Twelve Apostles of Jesus.
Eventually he suffered a breakdown and settled outside the mission, receiving half of his salary.
St Hospitius was seized by these raiders, but his life was spared.
She served in India for 55 years without furlough and wrote many books about the missionary work there.
Joseph Marchand was a French missionary in Vietnam, and a member of the Paris Foreign Missions Society.
Because of the similarity of name some scholars have concluded that Quadratus the Apologist is the same person as Quadratus, a prophet mentioned elsewhere by Eusebius.
St Macarius as Metropolitan bishop of Corinth, was a mystic and spiritual writer who worked to revive and mostly sustain the Orthodox Church under Turkish rule.
She spent her adolescent years at the school of sacrifice and prayer, with simple and strong faith.
Traditionally, this is the date on which her remains were translated to the new church in 1138.
The cause for her canonization has been submitted to the Holy See for review.
They were then imprisoned together, where Theopemptus baptized and taught him in the ways of Christ.
He is the patron saint of Eucharistic congresses and Eucharistic associations.
In the 14th century a St Alban's monk added significant new material of probable Cornish origin, mentioning a sister named Dominica and some miracles.
However, according to church tradition he was saved by divine intervention and made landfall at Ostia.
Her native place is sometimes given as Sicily, sometimes as Rome.
These masks were placed on her face and hands before she was moved to her crystal reliquary in June 1925.
Reticius was succeeded by Cassian of Autun, also venerated as a saint.
In 1950 Teresa founded the Missionaries of Charity, a Roman Catholic religious congregation which had over 4,500 sisters and was active in 133 countries in 2012.
They were beheaded or racked and torn with iron claws and pieces of earthware at Nicopolis in Armenia during the reign of the Roman emperor Licinius.
He has been called the "Apostle of Umbria".
In 1078, he was elected bishop of Foligno and went on a pilgrimage to the Holy Land in 1096.
Two houses of the Clerks of the Mother of God were opened when he died and three others were opened during the seventeenth century.
Cap., was a German Franciscan lay brother.
Berthold was a nephew of Aymeric of Malifaye, the Latin patriarch of Antioch.
Born in Barcelona, she founded the Capuchin Poor Clares of Zaragoza and Murcia.
Her feast day is November 11, the same as that of Saint Victor of Damascus .
Lambert of Vence, also known as Lambert of Bauduen, was Bishop of Vence.
Eucharius died on December 8, having been bishop for twenty-five years, and was interred in the church of St. John outside the city.
Father Auguste Chapdelaine was a French Christian missionary of the Paris Foreign Missions Society.
Quirinus was, according to another legendary account, the son of Philip the Arab.
The church of San Miniato al Monte is dedicated to him.
He is the author of the Book of Habakkuk, the eighth of the collected twelve minor prophets.
She was beatified by Pope John Paul II on 29 October 1995, and canonised by Pope Benedict XVI on 12 October 2008.
Early representations of the saint are limited to Trieste itself, and in particular to the cathedral.
Jerome did not know Pacian personally, but knew Pacian's son, to whom De Viris Illustribus is dedicated.
Thomas Love Peacock wrote a ballad about Saint Laura in his work Gryll Grange.
Saint Andrew of Crete, also known as Andrew of Jerusalem, was an 8th-century bishop, theologian, homilist, and hymnographer.
He preached the Gospel in his area, during which time he also destroyed an idol of Veles.
However, the Itineraries to the graves of the Roman martyrs do not mention him.
Inhabitants of this troubled diocese had murdered some of his predecessors.
Otimus was born in Fowa, and later became its priest.
Saint Stephen of Muret was the founder of the Abbey of Grandmont and the Order of Grandmont.
He freed them shortly before his death, and they were invited to educate his young heir.
Young Amator studied theology, but married a holy woman of Langres, venerated locally as Sainte Marthe, in order to please his parents.
He was also a professed member from the Missionary Servants of the Poor.
While he was bishop, he remained abbot of Murbach, ruling at the same time the diocese and the monastery.
He was the second of nine children born to Pasquale Errico and Marie Marseglia.
Saint Anne Line was an English Roman Catholic martyr.
The Eastern Orthodox Church describes him as an "angel of peace."
By degrees, popular imagination mistook this word for the name of a person and attached thereto several legends which vary according to the country.
Baldwin was a Benedictine abbot and a follower of St. Bernard of Clairvaux.
For other saints named Paraskevi or Parascheva, see Saint Paraskevi.
He was also the teacher of the poets Bulleh Shah and Waris Shah.
Sisinnii, Martyrii et Alexandri is attributed to Vigilius.
It is believed that he may have suffered under Roman persecution, but he is not listed as a martyr.
Barontius had been a Frankish nobleman of Berry who had, with his son, been a monk at Saint-Pierre de Longoret, now the monastery of Saint-Cyran-du-Jambot.
He is considered a new martyr as he gave his life rather than convert to Islam.
According to the Exeter Calendar of Martyrology Buriana was the daughter of a Munster chieftain.
Martillo was known for her charitable giving and strict devotion to Jesus Christ while becoming somewhat of a hermit dedicated to discerning His will.
After the 1908 Messina earthquake he filled the Apostolic Palace with refugees, long before the Italian government acted.
Morano was beatified in Catania on 5 November 1994 during the occasion of the visit of Pope John Paul II to two Sicilian cities.
Raphael is also an angel in Mormonism, as he is briefly mentioned in the Doctrine and Covenants.
Saint Sergius was a Cappadocian monk who was martyred in the persecutions of Diocletian.
He is said by Eusebius of Caesarea to have been a disciple of the Apostles.
Pavel Peter Gojdič, O.S.B.M.,, was a Rusyn-Slovak Basilian monk and the eparch of the Greek Catholic Eparchy of Prešov.
On 25 December 496 he baptised Clovis I, King of the Franks.
She received the veil from Saint Omer at Abbeville and later became an abbess at Jumieges, and at Pavilly.
He is regarded as a saint of the Ethiopian Orthodox Church with a feast day of 11 Genbot.
In 1354 he was made bishop of Patti and Lipari.
Their feast day is on November 18.
In a violent and despotic career, he strove to impose the authority of Neustria, which was under his control, over Burgundy and Austrasia.
Eustace put up a very articulate defence in the West Country but had no chance to defend himself in the London court where he was tortured.
Abdullah ibn Salam, born Al-Husayn ibn Salam, was a companion of the Islamic prophet Muhammad, and was a rabbi before converting to Islam.
In a second account, the place of their martyrdom was appellatur Coloniacum, qui dicitur Colonia, which may be Colonia Iulia Castrumnovurn.
In various Islamic and non-Islamic traditions, Khidr is described as a messenger, prophet, wali, slave.
He is celebrated on 3 November, and on 9 October.
Nicaea would become the site of the First Council of Nicaea and the Second Council of Nicaea, respectively the first and seventh Ecumenical councils
It appears that Saint Malo of Aleth was probably born in Wales in approximately 520.
Junian had to sleep outside during a violent snowstorm, but the snow miraculously fell around rather than on him during the night.
The story became widely known following its appearance in Geoffrey of Monmouth's pseudohistorical History of the Kings of Britain.
It is believed that at the time of his martyrdom in 202, Charalambos was 61 years old.
She was born at Thagara in the Roman province of Africa.
She is the patron saint of Colombia, the Venezuelan state of Zulia, and the town of Caraz in Peru.
Abraham and Onesimus of Kiev were monks of Kiev.
There is no record that he actually did so.
Saint Bertulf was a German who converted to Christianity.
The Greek Orthodox Church keeps their feast with the full office of the day on November 3.
A cousin to Lambert, Bishop of Lyon, she was educated at Thérouanne by Lambert and Saint Audomare.
Saint Elizabeth of the Trinity, O.C.D., born Élisabeth Catez, was a French Discalced Carmelite professed religious in addition to being a mystic and a spiritual writer.
Tsotne Dadiani was a Georgian nobleman of the House of Dadiani and one of the leading political figures in the time of Mongol ascendancy in Georgia.
At this time Cleopatra was widowed and had a son, her only child, John.
was an Italian Dominican tertiary who gained notice as a stigmatic and mystic.
Rumbold is the more common name used today, with streets in Buckingham and Lincoln being spelt this way.
The day he met his death, he was arrested at his home and taken to the Chancellor who ordered the executioners to cut off his arm.
She was a daughter of Caw of Strathclyde, and sister of Peillan, Eigron and Peithein among others.
By her example she converted many to Christianity during the reign of Emperor Diocletian and was seized in the city of Amisus in Pontus.
She was the sister of Saint Enda of Arran, whom she persuaded to become a monk.
The tomb lies outside the Delhi Gate.
His following increased following his death which allowed for Pope Clement XIII to preside over his beatification in 1764.
The Basilica of San Gaudenzio in Novara, as well as numerous churches throughout the region, is dedicated to him.
Chien de Santo Tomas, taking the name of Vicente Liem de la Paz.
By some of the Eastern Orthodox Church, Saint Valentine the Presbyter of Rome is celebrated on July 6 and Hieromartyr Valentine is celebrated on July 30.
Born to nobility, her father was Count Herman of Lidtberg and her mother Countess Hedwig.
She is sometimes called Praxedis or Praxed.
Saint Rimbert was archbishop of Bremen-Hamburg from 865 until his death.
He took it upon himself to judge secular as well as ecclesiastical cases and therefore came into conflict with the local count.
Saint John Cassian wrote the De institutis coenobiorum at the request of Castor.
The Canonization Mass was celebrated by Pope Francis, on 27 April 2014, in St. Peter's Square.
It has been questioned whether or not Saint Armel could have actually been King Arthur.
Conscripted as a soldier into the Roman army, he found the duty incompatible with the Christian faith he had adopted and became an early conscientious objector.
Urpasian suffered martyrdom in the city of Nicomedia.
Stephen III of Moldavia, known as Stephen the Great was voivode of Moldavia from 1457 to 1504.
He is often referred to simply as "St. John the Wonderworker".
Saint Maximilian of Tebessa is a Berber Christian saint and martyr, whose feast day is observed on 12 March.
In the 7th century, he served the Christian Church as a monk and an abbot, and ultimately as the archbishop of the city of Rouen.
He was beatified on 13 November 2005 by Pope Benedict XVI.
He is recognised as one of the three great stylite ascetics along with Simeon Stylites the Elder and Daniel the Stylite.
A miracle attributed to her intercession was approved by a medical board in 2013, advancing her cause.
The date and the circumstances of their deaths are unknown.
Gal played important role in the politics of the Church, as the Council of Clermont was hosted under his episcopate.
He generously distributed alms, was the guardian of orphans, widows and the sick, and personally attended those afflicted with leprosy, not hesitating to wash their wounds.
On the death of Saint Gervase, bishop of Besançon, the clergy of that city elected Claudius as their archbishop in 685.
He is the patron saint of Cornouaille, Brittany, and is also the patron saint of seafood.
That brought him into conflict with other prominent churchmen of the time, most notably Cyril of Alexandria, whom he accused of heresy.
Today, his shrine is located at 250 Jefferson Avenue, Winnipeg, Manitoba.
In the Book of Acts, one of the first communities to receive evangelism were the Jews and pagans of Antioch.
Blessed Federico Albert was an Italian Roman Catholic priest.
Zosimus was tortured during the persecution of the Church under Roman Emperor Diocletian but persevered in his Christian faith.
He was a laureate of Stalin Prize in medicine in 1946.
She was beatified and canonized by Pope Pius XII in 1954.
There is no biography of Euphebius’ life.
Hor and Susia are martyrs of the Coptic Church.
He is honored in the bishopric of Orléans and his relics are enshrined in the village of Saint-Lyé-la-Forêt in that diocese.
Saint Savina was a Milanese martyr under Diocletian.
"Barontius" is also the name of a martyr associated with Saint Crispoldus.
His feast is celebrated at Fossombrone on 1 May, but at Sorrivoli on the second Sunday of May.
Recently surfaced manuscripts show his work to have predated by several centuries prominent work on elections theory.
Nicetas was the archbishop of Aquileia in the mid-5th century.
Venerable John the Hermit began his ascetic life at a young age according to records.
Bracchio studied the golden letters on the images of the hermitage’s church and soon learned how to read, and soon knew the psalter by heart.
Saints Justa and Rufina are venerated as martyrs.
Enraged, Abd-ar-Rahman had the boy tortured, which he survived for six hours, and dismembered.
Derfel, known as Derfel Gadarn, was a 6th-century Celtic Christian monk regarded as a saint.
A Saint Ilar is listed among the 6th-century saints of Wales and is the probable namesake of Llanilar in Ceredigion and its former hundred of Ilar.
The sisters were buried at the Warm Springs in Pythias.
Mary Magdalene is considered to be a saint by the Catholic, Eastern Orthodox, Anglican, and Lutheran churches—with a feast day of July 22.
Some of his writings are included in the Philokalia, a collection of texts by early Christian mystics on contemplative prayer and hesychast teachings.
This supposedly became the centre of a bishopric which preceded the Diocese of Bath and Wells.
Saint Demetrius the Neomartyr is an Orthodox Christian saint, commemorated on 14 April in the Church of Greece.
Saint Paulinus of Trier was bishop of Trier and a supporter of Athanasius in the conflict with Arianism.
She communed with God in prayer and meditated on the lives of the saints.
Gal was the scion of a senatorial family, born in Clermont, Auvergne circa 489.
Baudilus’ body was collected by his wife and then was transported to a place called "Valsainte", where he was buried by a pre-existing colony of Christians.
Blessed Giovanni Giovenale Ancina was an Italian Roman Catholic prelate who served as the Bishop of Saluzzo and was a professed member from the Oratorians.
Thecla became a nun under Lioba at Tauberbischofsheim.
His mother was a witness of his martyrdom.
The bishop commanded that Gerlach's oak be cut down.
It was at this time that Eucherius wrote his epistolary essay De laude Eremi addressed to Bishop Hilary of Arles.
Saint Waningus was a nobleman and royal official under Clotaire III, then later a Benedictine abbot and a saint of the Roman Catholic Church.
He was arrested and martyred in the persecution led by the Roman Emperor Trajan.
Felicity, a slave imprisoned with her and pregnant at the time, was martyred with her.
Milan would later give some of those relics back to Sanzeno in the 20th century, where they rest in the Basilica dei Ss.
Germerius also established the monastery of Saint-Germier, which took possession of all these properties.
To Severus is attributed the construction of the Battistero di San Giovanni in Fonte, associated with the basilica of Santa Restituta.
Saint Quadratus of Athens is said to have been the first of the Christian apologists.
Saint Aurelian of Limoges is venerated as a Christian saint.
Joachim then moved to St. Nikolaos Mavronas Monastery, from there he toured the island and spoke to the multitudes that gathered around him.
However, she is not the only woman in her family to be venerated as a saint.
Muslims often refer to Muhammad as Prophet Muhammad, or just The Prophet or The Messenger, and regard him as the greatest of all Prophets.
They were subjected to bedtime inspections throughout the night.
Blessed Nazju Falzon was a Maltese cleric and a professed member from the Secular Franciscan Order.
According to Joshua 24:29, Joshua died at the age of 110.
A legend told of him states that one day, while plowing a field, Fortunatus found two coins of apparently little value.
He was killed with his family members and church followers in 1900 during the Boxer Rebellion.
Ebarherd died in 1164, returning from another peace keeping mission.
He was born about 400, a son of St. Eucherius of Lyon.
Many Maronite Christians have prayer cloths blessed and then place them on the sick, praying to God through the intercession of Saint Charbel, for healing.
He was canonized in 864 by Solomon I, Bishop of Constance, and his feast day is celebrated on November 16.
After Saul and Jonathan are killed in battle, David is anointed as King.
Another account, in Eusebius of Caesarea's History of the Martyrs in Palestine, indicates he was burned alive in Caesarea.
Pope Benedict XVI proclaimed him to be Venerable on 20 December 2012 after the recognition of his heroic virtue.
About 662 he was made prior at Melrose, and around 665 went as prior to Lindisfarne.
So he answered, “Because we do not prostrate before any other.” His martyrdom took place on the 21st of Paoni, in the year 106 AD.
Zebennus was a third-century bishop and Christian Martyr from Palaestina Prima.
Bernard of Valdeiglesias was a Benedictine Cistercian monk at Valdeiglesias, province of Avila, Spain.
In 1861, he was selected as the first Bishop of Melanesia.
The brothers made sacrifices to God, each of his own produce, but God favored Abel's sacrifice instead of Cain's.
Out of this work, she became the foundress of the Congregation of the Sisters of Misericorde.
Popes have encouraged it, while also taking steps to reform some manifestations of it.
8:2] and the longer ending of Mark says Jesus had cast seven demons out of her.[Mk.
After the death of her husband she devoted herself entirely to religion in the "new cell by the gate of blessed Paul".
The chapel dedicated to him there was built over his tomb outside the walls of Padua.
He killed his spouse after she refused to submit to his order to abandon her Christian faith.
Little is known of his life other than the fact that he served at Kremsmünster Abbey.
He is said to be the last Christian martyr who was killed by crucifixion.
Saint John Jones, O.F.M., also known as John Buckley, John Griffith, or Godfrey Maurice, was a Franciscan friar, Catholic priest and martyr.
Jerome of Pavia was Bishop of Pavia, from 778 until his death.
Other historians have taken a closer look at Fulrad’s interactions with the papacy.
Bona of Pisa was a member of the Third order of the Augustinian nuns who helped lead travellers on pilgrimages.
Aaron the Illustrious was a Christian monk of Mesopotamia.
And when I was in Rome, I made a succession up to Anicetus, whose deacon was Eleuterus.
He is commemorated with a feast day of April 15.
In addition, Paulinus arranged for the peaceful Christianisation of the Avars and the alpine Slavs in the territory of the Aquileian patriarchate.
Stephen's efforts to capture the two ports ended in failure.
In Baetica, he established a monastery at the Island of Cádiz and one called Nono.
She was witness to Jesus' resurrection of her brother, Lazarus.
The monks of Montevergine regarded him as a disciple of William of Vercelli and accordingly argued for 30 September 1193 as the date of his death.
He is said to have embraced the monastic life at the age of 12 and provided direction to Leonard of Noblac.
Edmund was the founder of two religious institutes of religious brothers: the Congregation of Christian Brothers and the Presentation Brothers.
He and his brother Effrenaud decided to live as hermit in two caves for two years.
Saint Lietbertus of Brakel was bishop of Cambrai from 31 March 1051 to 28 September 1076.
Saint Theoclia was the wife of Saint Justus.
He is believed to have been put to death in Macedonia, in 195.
Then, he was mutilated by Friganović, after his repeated refusals to praise Ustase leader Ante Pavelic.
He was well known for having built churches, hospices, and homes for wanderers.
Saint Gregory of Spoleto was a priest and martyr of the city of Spoleto, Italy.
Troparion of St. Sophia and her three daughters:
1075 by Herimannus, a monk of St Gall.
Every November 18, the city celebrates the traditional Feast of La Chinita with masses and processions in honor of the Virgin.
Vladimir's father was prince Sviatoslav of the Rurik dynasty.
Nuri offered to be tried before his companions.
After years of living in the inner desert, Pijimi returned to his city of Feesha and built a small cell on its outskirts.
He was one of the leaders of Bakhtrioni Uprising.
Philip was known as the "Apostle of the Sicilians", as he was the first Christian missionary to visit that island.
She lived a righteous life, consecrating herself to helping poor and needy people.
This was the first women's monastery to be founded in England.
Upon the death of Attala in 627, Bertulf was elected by the monks of Bobbio as their abbot.
Saint Giulia Salzano was an Italian Roman Catholic professed religious and the founder of the Catechetical Sisters of the Sacred Heart of Jesus.
Saint Abercius is a martyr of the Christian church.
Saints Leontius, Hypatius and Theodolus were Roman soldiers who, according to Christian tradition, were martyred for their faith.
Saint Winnoc was an abbot or prior of Wormhout who came from Wales.
Following the Synod of Ráith Bressail, in which a diocesan structure for Ireland was established, he became the first metropolitan primate of all Ireland.
As a monk at Llancarfan Abbey in Wales, Saint Malo was known for his participation in the famous Voyage of Saint Brendan.
He was a member of the college of Bardsey which was founded as a monastery in 516 AD.
Born and raised in Damascus, he died at his monastery, Mar Saba, near Jerusalem.
Serapion was succeeded as bishop of Antioch by Asclepiades.
In the Orthodox Church, he is commemorated on March 9.
The rain then stopped, and Gerard and his brother traveled to a distant castle to receive communion.
Saint Leopold III, known as Leopold the Good, was the Margrave of Austria from 1095 to his death in 1136.
He was canonized as a saint of the Roman Catholic Church on 18 October 2015.
It has been argued that he may be the same person as Saint Rubin.
Senán mac Geircinn is a prominent Munster saint in Irish tradition, founder of Inis Cathaig and patron of the Corco Baiscinn and the Uí Fhidgeinte.
The devotion is especially concerned with what the Church deems to be the longsuffering love and compassion of the heart of Christ towards humanity.
He is listed in two 11th-century litanies.
When she returned at night, her bed was in the stable or on a litter of vine branches in a garret.
He was also subsequently identified as Zacchaeus from the Gospel of Luke.
"Saint Eustasius" is also the name of a bishop of Aosta.
He was the first Bishop of Poitiers in Aquitaine.
Odo of Canterbury, also known as Odo Cantianus or Odo of Kent, was a theologian and abbot of Battle.
He took part with Moses in numbering the people, and assisted at the inauguration of Joshua.
The Saint was canonized on April 27, 1871 by Pope Pius IX.
She was renowned for her piety, and was the first abbess of Andlau.
Saint Silvia was the mother of Saint Gregory the Great; she had another son but his name did not survive through the ages.
She cured John Chrysostom of a stomach ailment.
She is sometimes dubbed Thérèse's "difficult sister."
There is a great sanctuary for him in Uruguay too.
In 738 Saint Boniface made his third journey to Rome; Gregory went with him and brought back many valuable additions for his library.
On 15 March 2016 a consistory of cardinals scheduled his canonization to take place on 5 June 2016, which was celebrated in Saint Peter's Square.
Yet the level of his detachment was so great that they felt that this fear was largely unwarranted in his case.
Angadrisma was a seventh-century abbess and saint, daughter of Robert I, Bishop of Tours.
She is syncretised with the Catholic Saint Clare, her symbol is the palm frond, she drinks no alcohol, and is the wife of Loko Atisou.
Odo was known as an ardent lover of books, and a great theologian who preached in French, English, and Latin.
Marie-Geneviève Meunier, O.C.D.,, also known as Sister Constance, was a Carmelite novice and one of the Carmelite Martyrs of Compiegne.
Saint Francesco de Geronimo was an Italian Roman Catholic priest and a professed member from the Jesuits.
An alternate tradition states that Saint Peter rather than Pope Fabian sent Nectarius and his brothers to evangelize Gaul.
Mechtildis was Benedictine abbess and renowned miracle worker.
After the death of her husband she moved to Amay and devoted her wealth and her time to the church and works of charity.
His episcopate is believed to have occurred at the end of the fifth century.
During this time he had a vision of Christ denouncing the soldiers' evil ways.
Quodvultdeus was a fifth-century church father and bishop of Carthage who was exiled to Naples.
He is recognized as a saint by several Christian churches.
He is known for his opposition and suppression of simony in his diocese, with the support of Pope Gregory the Great.
Like most of the city's monks, he was an opponent of the Nestorian heresy, and he played an important role in the downfall of Nestorius.
Saint Luigi Guanella was an Italian Roman Catholic priest Fr.
Saint Julius the Veteran, also known as Julius of Durostorum, is a Roman Catholic, Anglican and Eastern Orthodox saint and martyr.
Since 18 June 1939, Catherine of Siena has been one of the two patron saints of Italy, together with Francis of Assisi.
was a Austrian nurse of Czech descent and religious sister of the Franciscan Sisters of Christian Charity.
Her beatification was celebrated on 25 October 2014; Cardinal Angelo Amato presided over the beatification on the behalf of Pope Francis.
Elvira’s first bishop, according to the Glosas Emilianenses, was Caecilius.
Along with Saint Ives, he is one of the most popular of the Breton saints.
Armenia thus became the first nation to adopt Christianity as its official religion.
She was the second canonized saint to have been born in the United States and the first to have been born a U.S. citizen.
His feast day is celebrated on August 2.
Later they were taken to Tan Cau, then to the house of Canh Thuy.
He was tortured when he refused to renounce his Christian faith and convert to Islam and was eventually killed by his captors.
After the death of Bishop Riccimer, Fructuosus succeeded him in the See of Dumio.
His relics were translated to Thorney Abbey in the 10th-century.
Priests who took up arms, however, were excluded from the process.
After she became a nun in Constantinople, she changed it into Laura, eventually rising to become an abbess.
His family trace their descent from Hasan ibn Ali, the first grandson of Muhammad.
She became a figure of ridicule among her neighbors as she carried out her service to the poor of the region.
This See would later develop into the Patriarchate of Constantinople, having Apostle Andrew as its Patron Saint.
With their companions Maruthas, Narses, Helias, Mares, Abibus, Sembeeth, and Sabas, were arrested and imprisoned at Bardiaboch, during the persecutions of Persian king Shapur II.
Saint Catherine of Bologna [Caterina de' Vigri] was an Italian nun as well as both an artist and saint.
Aithalla has a feast in the Greek Orthodox Church held in his specific honor on September 1.
His cult continued until the English Reformation.
His relics are stored in the Near Caves of Kiev Pechersk Lavra.
The Blessed John of Parma, O.F.M., was an Italian Franciscan friar, who served as one of the first Ministers General of the Order of Friars Minor.
Here he was killed during the early days of the Bolshevik revolution.
Latter in life he became the Abbot of Beverley.
Rupert undertook a pilgrimage to Rome aged 15, and is regarded as patron saint of pilgrims.
He also worked and aided victims of polio and those with mental health problems.
Accounts differ regarding whether George was born in Cappadocia or Syria Palaestina, but agree that he was raised at least partly in Lydda.
For Saint Severin of Noricum, see Severinus of Noricum.
The monastery was devastated in 1552 and never renewed.
He was beatified on 23 March 2004 after the recognition of a healing attributed to him as a miracle.
Saint John Almond was an English Catholic priest.
He is most famous for working with St. Nicodemus of the Holy Mountain in collecting and compiling the ascetic text of the Philokalia.
He was venerated at Battle as a saint.
Oda of Brabant was a Belgian prioress of the 12th century, commonly revered as a saint.
His mission, particularly to the Peloponnese, was comparable in scope to the work of Cosmas of Aetolia in Northern Greece.
Saint Gobrain was a Breton monk and Bishop of Vannes.
Saint Daniel the Stylite is a Saint and stylite of the Eastern Orthodox, Roman Catholic and Eastern Catholic Churches.
He was declared a martyr and canonized by the Catholic Church.
Alliances were strengthened between the Christian kingdoms of Kent, Northumbria and East Anglia.
One of his principal teachings was that humans could and should experience theoria.
Saint Adalgar was the third archbishop of Bremen from 888 until his death.
Jerome was of great assistance to her by his encouragement and prudent advice.
A titular church of Rome, mentioned in the fifth century, was dedicated to him.
Known as the "Apostle of the Indies," and the "Apostle of Japan", he is considered to be one of the greatest missionaries since Saint Paul.
Saint Ctesiphon is venerated as patron saint of Berja, Andalusia, southern Spain.
A party of the persecution, searching for Father Parsons, placed Alexander Briant under arrest on 28 April 1581, in the hope of extorting information.
Junian trained with Amand, and after the passing of his master, Junian lived where the collegiate church stands nowadays.
Among numerous houses founded from Luxeuil during his tenure, he was instrumental in aiding Saint Salaberga found her convent at Laon.
Alexander was a Roman soldier and he was serving in the regiment of the tribune Tiberian at Rome.
She is the patron saint of several churches in France and England and of Jesus College, Cambridge.
In the meantime, Peter was boiled or burned alive, or “roasted on a gridiron.”
His nickname refers to his birth by Caesarean section, his mother having died while giving birth to him.
Their trial led for the King to be angry and they were thrown to jail.
The sentence was to be carried out the next day, at St. Mary's Bridge, in Derbyshire.
Ephrem wrote a wide variety of hymns, poems, and sermons in verse, as well as prose biblical exegesis.
Very little is known of his life, or ministry, but he is mentioned by Bede, Henry of Huntingdon and the Secgan Hagiography.
Mirozhsky Monastery is a 12th-century Russian Orthodox monastery complex in Pskov, Russia, famous for its frescoes, located in the Christ's Transfiguration Cathedral.
Queen Elizabeth then nominated Jadwiga to reign in Poland, but did not send her to Kraków to be crowned.
For this action, he was condemned to death.
The Virgin Mary stretches her hands towards Beirut.
Bishop Nicetas was born in Kiev, Kievan Russia, he became a monk in the Monastery of the Caves, but then embraced the life of a hermit.
He is one of the seven founder saints of Brittany.
One miracle is required for his canonization.
Cam.,, was a Camaldolese monk and spiritual director.
This 5th century Aquilinus was killed with Eugene, Geminus, Marcian, Quintus, Theodotus, and Tryphon.
He specified in his will that none of his daughters should be married off without her own knowledge.
Saint Franca was canonised by Pope Gregory X.
Blessed Nunzio Sulprizio was an Italian from Pescara who worked as an apprentice blacksmith.
According to the legend, his severed head bounced three times on the ground, each impact bringing forth a spring of water.
A deacon, he was martyred for his faith.
It was St. Cathan who saw to Blane's education in Ireland under Sts.
The current Headmaster is Mr Con Todd.
He is remembered as one of the Martyrs of Uganda's feast day.
Blessed John Story was an English Roman Catholic martyr and Member of Parliament.
She is sometimes confused with Saint Prisca.
The desire to remain a hermit himself led Antoninus to convince Catellus to return to his see.
Abraham is a saint of the Ethiopian Orthodox Tewahedo Church.
He also has a feast day on November 14.
Most Bulgarians are taught that he was the forefather of the Bulgarian National Revival.
Didn't they take taxes from strong Romans and wise Greeks?
His feast day is celebrated on 1 August.
Giles is one of the Fourteen Holy Helpers.
Eanflæd was a Deiran princess, queen of Northumbria and later, the abbess of an influential Christian monastery in Whitby, England.
Saint Eanswith's day falls on September 12.
But it also has a unique spirit of balance, moderation and reasonableness, and this persuaded most religious communities founded throughout the Middle Ages to adopt it.
Teresa Margaret of the Sacred Heart, O.C.D., was an Italian Discalced Carmelite nun.
Her body was said to have been taken to Mineo, Sicily, by three devout Christian women named Bassa, Paula, and Agathonice.
Saint Walric was the founder of the abbey of Leuconay on the Somme River.
Some Jews abjured their faith; he forbade the others to remain in the city, and expelled them from his diocese" in 558.
The three sisters have been likened to the three theological virtues: Mildburh to faith, Mildgyth to hope, and Mildrith to charity.
He was martyred at Caesarea Mazaca, Cappadocia.
It developed through the 20th century as the world's largest Catholic fraternal organization.
He rebuked Ivan the Terrible for not paying attention in church, and for his violent behaviour towards the innocent.
She was born in the castle of Thouars.
The Eastern Orthodox and Roman Catholic traditions offer varying accounts of the later events of his life.
As one of the first great Christian theologians, he emphasized the traditional elements in the Church, especially the episcopate, Scripture, and tradition.
Assumed to have been born to a noble family of Scotia, he became a disciple of Saint Brendan as a young boy.
He died while imprisoned under King Henry VIII and is honored as a martyr by the Catholic Church.
Anastasius II of Antioch, also known as Anastasius the Younger, succeeded Anastasius of Antioch as Eastern Orthodox Patriarch of Antioch, in 599.
Many features of the Celtic Otherworld are present in the Periplus of Saint Amaro.
Saint Aquilinus of Milan, also known as Aquilinus of Cologne, is venerated as a martyr by the Catholic Church.
Libertine was martyred with Saint Peregrinus, and is said to have either been stoned to death or killed with a sword.
Gaius of Ephesus is numbered among the Seventy Disciples.
Dominic Savio was an Italian adolescent student of Saint John Bosco.
They were not killed on one occasion, but in succession, as they were sent to Crimea by Hermon, the 38th bishop of Jerusalem.
Henry Martyn was an Anglican priest and missionary to the peoples of India and Persia.
Cyril of Turov; 1130–1182) was a bishop and saint.
However, he is best known through a letter from an anchorite Alchfrid.
There is a parish of the Western-American Diocese of the Russian Orthodox Church Outside of Russia named "St. Juliana of Lazarevo Orthodox Church".
Corton-Charlemagne is an Appellation d'origine contrôlée and Grand Cru vineyard for white wine in Côte de Beaune subregion of Burgundy.
A church was built over her grave, besides which are two others at Toledo dedicated to her.
Hermenegild was defeated in 584 and exiled.
Blessed Charles the Good was Count of Flanders from 1119 to 1127.
Their martyrdom is said to have occurred on May 12.
From 1063 to 1065 he acted as regent of the Holy Roman Empire for the minor Emperor Henry IV.
Hieroschemamonk Leonid of Optina, also Leo of Optina, was a venerable elder of Optina Monastery and a founder of Optina's eldership.
Symeon is recognized as the first Byzantine mystic to freely share his own mystical experiences.
The beasts refused to harm him, and he was beheaded.
Blessed Devasahayam Pillai, born Neelakanta Pillai in the Kingdom of Travancore, is a beatified layman of the Latin Catholic Church.
The hagiographic novel Barlaam and Josaphat, traditionally attributed to John, is in fact a work of the 10th century.
She was born at Kemsing, Kent, in 961.
A Passio of Donatus' life was written by a bishop of Arezzo, Severinus; it is of questionable historicity.
He assumed the name of "Jean-Joseph" after he entered the Dominican order.
The Day of Navarre in Spain marks the anniversary of Saint Francis Xavier's death, on 3 December 1552.
He was the second leader of the Kollyvades Movement, succeeding Neophytos Kausokalyvites.
Hyglac was possibly a teacher of Aediluulf, and was possibly a student of Alcuin.
According to tradition, he was the chamberlain of Emperor Diocletian and the husband of Irene of Rome, also venerated as a saint.
Blessed Inácio de Azevedo was a Portuguese Jesuit missionary.
She was beatified by Pope Pius IX in 1853 and canonized by Pope Pius XII in 1950.
Hesychius, Caecilius, Ctesiphon, Euphrasius, Indaletius, and Secundius.
Saints Rasyphus and Ravennus are venerated as Christian saints and martyrs.
In 362, he was restored to his position of Bishop of Petra, by Emperor Julian.
David was sent as a missionary to Sweden by Saint Sigfrid of Växjö along with Saint Botvid and Saint Eskil.
Saint Simpert was an abbot, bishop, and confessor of the late-8th and early-9th centuries, and was supposedly the nephew of Charlemagne.
From then on, he had no defenders within the empire, but the Church of the East never accepted his condemnation.
Saint Nicomedes was a Martyr of unknown era, whose feast is observed 15 September.
St Basil of Pavlovsky Posad, born Vasily Gryaznov, also known as Holy Vasily, is a Russian saint, glorified in 1999 for living a righteous life.
He also held several leadership positions in PIME and used that standing in order to further engage with prospective missionaries.
The three saints were once again arrested and brought to Antoninus Pius at Marsica.
Mamilian lived in Sicily at a time when the Vandals dominated the island.
They were martyred at Verona under the Emperor Maximian after refusing to sacrifice to pagan idols.
He was canonized in 1767 and is the patron saint of orphans.
Scalvinoni assumed his new religious name upon his profession as a Capuchin friar.
On 7 October 2012, Pope Benedict XVI named her a Doctor of the Church.
Neither the years they lived nor the circumstances of their deaths are known.
He died on 18 December 630 and his relics are kept at the church of Sainte-Colombe in Sens.
This is an excerpted translation into Greek of an earlier Arabic text.
He then entered an abbey when he returned.
A cultus developed around her immediately and the Kulmsee cathedral became a destination for pilgrims.
Six years after, she and her community moved to Varallo Sesia in the Province of Vercelli, where they were welcomed and supported by Mons.
A crowd was grouped on the hillsides, watching the ceremony, which, according to Abbé Azaïs, writing in 1872, involved animal sacrifice.
The place and date of his birth are unknown.
This group includes Torquatus, Caecilius, Ctesiphon, Euphrasius, Indaletius, Hesychius, and Secundius.
She assumed the name of Marie-Élisabeth as her religious name after she became a nun.
Epimachus was born in Pelusium, and worked as a weaver along with his two companions: Theodore and Callinicos.
Saint Indaletius is venerated as the patron saint of Almería, Spain.
He was born in the Republic of Lucca and was ordained as a priest in 1572.
Amatus of Nusco, in Italian Amato di Nusco was the first bishop of Nusco in Irpinia, southern Italy.
According to the local tradition of Verona, he was one of the Seventy Disciples mentioned in the Gospel of Luke 10:1–24, but this is "entirely unsubstantiated."
Saint Tikhon of Zadonsk was a Russian Orthodox bishop and spiritual writer who was glorified as saint of the Orthodox Church.
The Blessed Ignatius Shoukrallah Maloyan, I.C.P.B., was the Armenian Catholic Archbishop of Mardin between 1911 and 1915.
She is remembered in both Eastern and Western Churches for her piety as a married woman.
As a concession to the Christians of Damietta, they were granted the right to raise the Cross at their funerals and over their churches.
The name "Veronica" itself is a Latinisation of Berenice, a Macedonian name, meaning "bearer of victory".
Both places were called 'Aldberie' at the time of the Domesday Book, suggesting that their names may be derived from the saint.
A Benedictine monk of Reculver, Ymar was killed by Danish warriors.
She was canonized by the Catholic Church in 1267.
His body is buried at St Martin's, the church he restored.
But at the prayer of the saint the idols fell shattered to the ground.
Very little is known of the life of St. Evodius.
The individuals specifically designated by one or more Lutheran churches with this term include:
Serapion was a martyr during the reign of Emperor Septimius Severus.
Apostle Paul wrote in the Romans 16:7:
Saint Chrodegang was the Frankish Bishop of Metz from 742 or 748 until his death.
His reputation for healings was so great at the time that a reference is made to him in the famous novel Ulysses by James Joyce.
Bruno died in Reims in 965 and was buried in the monastery of St Pantaleon, which he had founded, just outside Cologne.
His siblings include four other saints, Ermelinde, Gudula, Pharaildis and the martyred Reineldis, beheaded during an invasion by the Huns.
Subsequently, Antonius freed her and converted to Christianity.
Crispoldus refused, and was killed after being tortured.
Another placed his martyrdom at Venosa in Italy.
He was venerated at what was called Pedona.
Venustian mocked Sabinus's faith, accusing him of leading the people to the worship of a dead man.
"He claims that most of the important Loa know him, and he collaborates with them.
She was killed during the persecutions of Christians under the Roman emperor Trajan.
Machan or Machanus was a twelfth-century Scottish saint.
He translated Orthodox Christian texts and authored several works.
Eleutherius and Antia were then taken to Rome and killed on April 18.
A matron of Ivrea collected their bodies in a quadriga and carried them to Turin.
Bonhomme established his new congregation with the aim of the education of children and assistance to the poor and the handicapped.
She has been adopted by today's LGBT community as an example of a "transgender" saint.
Anthelm's health was such that he was unable to take the journey.
Marella was a classmate of Pope John XXIII in Rome and the pope held him in high esteem and supported his pastoral initiatives.
Resigning from this post, he later founded the Trinity Monastery on the Robeika River, close to Novgorod; he died there in 1262.
Saint Maria Faustyna Kowalska of the Blessed Sacrament, OLM, popularly spelled Faustina, was a Polish Roman Catholic nun and mystic.
He died in 1139 at Pulsano of natural causes.
Pius X vehemently opposed modernism, which claimed that Roman Catholic dogma should be modernized and blended with nineteenth-century philosophies.
Saint Thorlak Thorhallsson, also spelled Thorlac, is the patron saint of Iceland.
Andrew was born in countryside nearby Totma the town and named after Saint Andrew Stratelates.
Saint Chiaffredo is venerated as the patron saint of Saluzzo, Italy.
Still alive, he fervently prayed to God that He would accept his sacrifice, until he was killed with a knife.
Viator failed to find a boat that could take them and they were decapitated on the spot near Cádiz later known as Cerro de los Mártires.
According to their hagiography, Sergius and Bacchus were officers in Galerius' army, and were held high in his favor until they were exposed as secret Christians.
In Roman Catholic, Eastern Orthodox, Anglican, and Lutheran traditions, he is called "Saint Michael the Archangel" and "Saint Michael".
Basil's Cathedral in Moscow, which was commissioned by Ivan for commemoration of his conquest of Kazan' and was dubbed after the saint later.
Saint Otimus is a 3rd-century Egyptian martyr and saint.
Saint Erentrude is a virgin saint of the Eastern Orthodox and Roman Catholic Churches and was the niece of Saint Rupert of Salzburg.
Among those who exercized the greatest influence on Caesarius were Augustine of Hippo, Julianus Pomerius, and John Cassian.
She studied at Argentan and worked in school administration while founding new convents.
István Sándor was Hungarian Salesian and Labourer, Martyr and Blessed;
He suffered from poor health during his life and was considered to those who knew him to be a gentle and pious individual.
The text reads that Enoch "walked with God: and he was no more; for God took him", which some Christians interpret as Enoch entering Heaven alive.
was a Catholic visionary and anchoress from Cattaro.
They were martyred together by the duke of Alsace, Eticho, for standing up for the poor.
Dryhthelm, also known as Drithelm or Drythelm, was a monk associated with the monastery of Melrose known from the Historia Ecclesiastica gentis Anglorum of Bede.
The icon, which depicts the Virgin Mary as Our Lady of Solitude, is enshrined in San Roque Church in Cavite City.
Euphrasius’ diocese was traditionally associated with Illiturgis, located between Bailén and Andújar.
He was born in Diano in the late 12th century, and became a monk in S.Maria di Cadossa Benedictine Monastery near Montesano sulla Marcellana.
Edwin was the son of Ælle king of Deira and seems to have had two siblings.
The legend of Saint Tryphine probably derives from a historical individual who was the wife of the early Breton ruler Conomor.
He set himself up as a merchant in order to pay for his fare to the Holy Land in 1146.
Nengapeta is the first Bantu woman elevated to the altars with her beatification on 15 August 1985.
The three decided to go on pilgrimage to the Holy Land and visit the holy places of Palestine and the lavras of Syria and Egypt.
She renounced and disposed of her wealth, willingly living as a cloistered nun."
The Quran refers to Mary more than the entire New Testament.
His monastery at Compludo was known for its unusually severe Rule.
Pope Eumenes, seventh Pope of Alexandria & Patriarch of the See of St. Mark.
Likewise, in their visits to the Franciscan monastery, many prostrated themselves, among others, Hernán Cortés, Gonzalo de Sandoval and Francisco Pizarro.
Around this time he was approached by Captain John Davis requesting an introduction to William Allen.
Instead, the church of San Prospero, which Prosper himself had built and dedicated to Saint Apollinaris, commemorates his episcopate.
His tomb, located at Nellikunnu Muhyaddin Juma Masjid, Nellikunnu, 2 km away from Kasaragod, is pilgrimage centre.
She was beatified on 14 November 1976 and her cause for sainthood continues.
He is considered a patron saint of Germany.
Sophronius invited Umar to pray there, but Umar declined, fearing to endanger the Church's status as a Christian temple.
Saint Tathana was a 5th-century Pre-congregational saint of South Wales.
John I of Jerusalem was the seventh Bishop of Jerusalem.
He swam back to France and entered the Abbey of Trion.
Venerable Nikon, before his freedom was gained, informed his slave master that Jesus would release him from bondage in three days.
Manche Masemola is a South African Christian martyr.
Procopius of Scythopolis is venerated as an early martyr and saint.
It was alleged by contemporary commentators that locals left their babies at the site to be healed by the dog:
He died on January 12, 1203 of natural causes.
They became leaders of a community of monks that included Saint Eugendus.
Leontius was suspended head downwards from a pillar with a heavy stone about his neck, but nothing could make him renounce Christ.
Alto, O.S.B., was a Benedictine abbot active in the Duchy of Bavaria during the mid-8th century.
Donatus is mentioned in Frankish annals from 805 as an ambassador of the Dalmatian cities to Charlemagne in Thionville.
St. Margaret Mary Alacoque, V.H.M., was a French Roman Catholic nun and mystic, who promoted devotion to the Sacred Heart of Jesus in its modern form.
Oliver Plunkett, was the Roman Catholic Archbishop of Armagh and Primate of All Ireland who was the last victim of the Popish Plot.
Gal played a major political and religious role as Bishop of Clermont.
His life is currently under review by the Holy See, for his possible canonization.
It is also the center of an Archbishopric, with Bishop Mor Timothius Mousa A. Shamani serving.
An unnamed source, quoted in Hayward, says that he was
Nicasius, Quirinus, Scubiculus, and Pientia were venerated as martyrs and saints.
In an ancient itinerary to the graves of the Roman martyrs, mention is made of a mortuary chapel of this martyr Basilides on the Via Aurelia.
Wenceslaus I, Wenceslas I, Václav the Good or Saint Wenceslaus was the duke of Bohemia from 921 until his assassination in 935.
However, as En Charlemagne is only 0.28 hectares in size, production is limited and usually blended with grapes from the other lieu-dits of Corton-Charlemagne.
William Firmatus was a Norman hermit and pilgrim of the eleventh century, now venerated as a saint in the Catholic Church.
Isidore of Chios was a faithful Christian who fell victim on the island of Chios in 251 under the persecutions ordered by the Roman emperor Decius.
Many writings believed in the Middle Ages to be his are now collected under the name Pseudo-Bonaventure.
In some instances, he may be shown with a scroll or a book or holding a carpenter's rule.
Elements of that celebration include the use of skeletons to remind people of their mortality.
The boy, having remained a pious Christian, refused the Caliph's offer.
The date of his birth is unknown.
Julian the Hospitaller is a Roman Catholic saint.
Salute Andronicus and Junia, my kinsmen, and my fellow prisoners, who are of note among the apostles, who also were in Christ before me.
He was probably an officer in the Roman army under the Roman emperor Hadrian and was stationed in Brescia in Lombardy, Italy.
As the weather was very hot when the men rowed his body over the lake, they became extremely thirsty.
This affirmation of freedom from both the Empire and the Papal States, however legendary, has always been the inspiration of the tiny republic.
Saint Francis Borgia, S.J., 4th Duke of Gandía was a Grandee of Spain, a Spanish Jesuit, and third Superior General of the Society of Jesus.
Pomba Gira is the name of an Afro-Brazilian spirit evoked by practitioners of Umbanda and Quimbanda in Brazil.
He was a noted expert on the Quran and spent much time reciting it.
He is listed among the Twelve Apostles of Ireland.
Many prisoners who witnessed this miracle became Christian and were later martyred.
The women of the Servants of Charity ministered to the wounded on the battlefields of northern Italy and in hospitals.
Correa was assigned as a parish priest to Concepción del Oro in 1898, and then to Colotlán in 1908.
Noël Chabanel was a Jesuit missionary at Sainte-Marie among the Hurons, and one of the Canadian Martyrs.
All were canonized as victims of oppression by the Bolsheviks.
Paul of Thebes, commonly known as Paul, the First Hermit or Paul the Anchorite is regarded as the first Christian hermit.
After her husband's death, she chose to follow the spiritual path with her daughter at her side and began a life in community in Rome.
The expression, In Palestina, given under 13 May, is either an error or refers to a special shrine of the martyrs in Palestine.
Before his elevation to the episcopal dignity, Leander had been a monk, and it was through his influence that Florentina embraced the ascetic life.
He was killed by Iroquois in a Petun village on December 7, 1649.
Bernard denounced the teachings of Peter Abelard to the pope, who called a council at Sens in 1141 to settle the matter.
Saint Fortunatus was a 6th-century bishop of Todi.
As a result of his labors, Vaz is known as the Apostle of Ceylon.
He is known as "the New Miracle-Worker", and his feast day in the Eastern Orthodox Church is on November 20.
Saint Chrodoara was a Merovingian noblewoman and traditionally the foundress of the Abbey of Amay, now in Belgium.
Pope Saint Pius V, born Antonio Ghislieri, was Pope from 8 January 1566 to his death in 1572.
According to Coptic sources, he once fasted for 80 days, to the point that his skin cleaved to his bones.
Saint Barbatus of Benevento, also known as Barbas, was a bishop of Benevento from 663 to 682.
Some traditions hold that Aristobulus of Britannia, one of the Seventy Disciples, was the brother of Barnabas.
There are two parallel stories of this saint which give to possible dates in which this saint lived.
He was arrested and brought before Liberius and Constantius, and boldly reproved Liberius for deserting the Catholic faith.
Saints Emeterius and Celedonius are venerated as saints by the Catholic Church.
Saint Sixtus of Reims is considered the first bishop of Reims.
Under the masterful guidance of Bernardine, Berdini's fame as an orator became so renowned that he was commonly known as the "King of Preachers".
Willibrord was a Northumbrian missionary saint, known as the "Apostle to the Frisians" in the modern Netherlands.
Devasahayam Pillai is the first lay man to be elevated to the rank of "Blessed" in India.
Abibus of Edessa, also known as Abibus the New, was a Christian Deacon who was martyred at Edessa, Mesopotamia under Emperor Licinius.
Born towards the middle of the sixth century in Cartagena, Hispania, she and her family were actively engaged in furthering the best interests of Christianity.
Saint Irene of Tomar was a Christian who was martyred for her faith in Visigothic Portugal.
In the biblical narrative, David is a young shepherd who first gains fame as a musician and later by killing Goliath.
Peter IV served as Greek Patriarch of Alexandria from 642 to 651.
She regularly helped those in need, visited the poor and orphans, and attended to the sick.
Parmenas suffered martyrdom in 98, under the persecution of Trajan.
In May 1927, he arrived at the seminary to announce that Mexican government soldiers were approaching Totatiche.
Agostino Roscelli, also known as Augustine Roscelli, and Augustin Roscelli, was an Italian priest who inspired social change in Genoa, Italy for children and disadvantaged women.
He was a lector in the city of Cybalae in the Roman province of Pannonia.
Blessed Odoardo Focherini was an Italian Roman Catholic journalist.
In 1830 his relics were translated to Matera Cathedral, where they remain.
He is also known as Genesius of Rome, patron saint of actors, comedians, and entertainers.
Saint Deiniol was traditionally the first Bishop of Bangor in the Kingdom of Gwynedd, Wales.
He was the husband of Saint Flavia Domitilla.
He is a Catholic martyr, beatified in 1929.
His cell, called Dshabih, later became a famous shrine.
His beatification process has commenced and culminated with the declaration of his life of heroic virtue in 2014.
On a pilgrimage to Rome, he was taken captive and sold to "Scythians" by his travel companion.
"Terentian" can refer to anything pertaining to the works of Terence.
The same pope beatified him on his trip to Paris in 1984 and later canonized him as a saint in mid-2004 in Saint Peter's Square.
He was hanged, drawn and quartered at Tyburn later that year.
He has been badly confused with Saint Maximin of Trier.
Sixty-eight monks were massacred in the course of their plundering, and a bay of the island named Martyrs' bay, has been named after them.
Walpurgis Night is the name for the eve of her day, which coincides with May Day.
Leontius subsequently advised Psalmodius to take up a life of solitude and contemplation.
Epiphanius travelled extensively in the East, and is known to have visited Constantinople and the Mount Athos monastery complex.
Blessed Charles Eugène de Foucauld was a French Catholic religious and priest living among the Tuareg in the Sahara in Algeria.
John Woodcock was among the eighty-five martyrs of England and Wales beatified by Pope John Paul II on 22 November 1987.
He is best remembered today as the author of the Commentary on the Apocalypse.
Rusca was arrested under false pretenses and was killed through the use of torture in 1618.
Peter the Venerable, also known as Peter of Montboissier, abbot of the Benedictine abbey of Cluny, was born to Blessed Raingarde in Auvergne, France.
Saint Guinefort was a 13th-century French dog that received local veneration as a folk saint after miracles were reported at his grave.
A valley or inlet in Carmarthen Bay was previously known as "St. Ismael's Scar".
The individuals specifically designated by one or more Lutheran churches with this term include:
Little is known of his early life, but according to Challoner's Memoirs of Missionary Priests, he became an Anglican priest, but later converted to Catholicism.
According to legend, Duke Eticho wanted to subdue in 675 the area around Delémont.
On 20 June 1999 the Russian Orthodox Church canonized Blessed Pavel.
Saint Ailbe is venerated as one of the four great patrons of Ireland.
In 1833, he joined the Lê Văn Khôi revolt by Lê Văn Khôi, son of the late governor of southern Vietnam Lê Văn Duyệt.
After shipment to Genoa they were then deposited in the Basilica of San Pietro in Ciel d'Oro, about the year 720.
Saint Caesarius of Africa, also Caesarius of Terracina was a Christian martyr.
See also article about him and his brother Theodorus at Theodorus and Theophanes
He was an Anglo-Saxon who left England after the death of his kinsfolk and joined Boniface in his missionary labors, some time after 732.
He was assigned to recruit for the order in England but pirates besieged the ship and left him for dead.
Baptized in 1641, he was a dedicated assistant to Jesuit missionaries and was thus arrested in the purge of Christians launched in 1644.
So he answered, “Because we do not prostrate before any other.” His martyrdom took place on the 21st of Paoni, in the year 106 AD.
As the relic of Saintin de Meaux is his tooth in the Verdun Cathedral.
Saint Lorenzo is patron saint of, among others, the Philippines and the Filipino people.
Tradition states that upon arrival they were welcomed by the Axumite king Ella Amida.
Nicasius has been identified with Nicasius of Rheims, and there are many saints with the name of Saint Quirinus.
Exuperius is best known in connection with the Canon of the Sacred Scriptures.
Tecwyn was a 6th-century Welsh saint who founded the church at Llandecwyn, having come to Wales early in the Age of the Saints.
He founded a monastery and a school at Dair Qoni.
Details of his life are uncertain, but subsequent Christian stories consider him a centurion of the Theban Legion commanded by Saint Maurice.
He was called "the Apostle of Carinthia" and "the geometer".
Saint Materiana is a Welsh saint, patron of two churches in Cornwall and one in Wales.
Consequently, Henry IV would appoint Antipope Clement III to oppose him in the political power struggles between the Catholic Church and his empire.
Upon Macarius' death Maximus became bishop of Jerusalem, and was present in 335 at the first synod of Tyre, and signed that council's condemnation of Athanasius.
Basil the Confessor was an Eastern Orthodox saint who lived in the 8th century and was tortured by the Byzantine Emperor Leo III.
She is also venerated on 5 August with her own liturgy and popular celebration.
Kózka's death caused great outrage against the Russians for it had been a Russian soldier who had killed the girl.
Senorina served as the abbess of the Benedictine convent of St John of Venaria after being raised by her aunt, the abbess Godina.
He ordained his successor, Saint Germanus, who subsequently wrote a biography of Amator.
They accused Gerlach of actually being incredibly rich, his oak actually being the location of a cache of treasure.
Among Theodosius' disciples was Patriarch Evtimiy, the last head of the medieval Bulgarian Orthodox Church, as well as a writer and hesychast.
Both the Evangelical Lutheran Church in America and the Evangelical Lutheran Church in Canada remember his life and work annually, on the anniversary of his death.
After a short time, Valeria refused the marriage proposal of Maximinus, who arrested and confined her in Syria and confiscated her properties.
Legend had him seen flying in the air, turning seawater into drinking water, and more.
Upon his benefactor's death, Bertoul became a monk and retired there as abbot.
He also arranged the formation of the Holy League, an alliance of Catholic states.
The Baroque artist Francisco Zurbarán depicts the death of Serapion in one of his paintings.
His feast day is kept on 5 February.
He came from a Christian background and the story of his conversion to Islam is one of the most famous in Islamic lore.
The Caliph offered him his freedom if Pelagius converted to Islam.
The Blessed Elizabeth of Reute, T.O.R., was a German Franciscan tertiary, who is venerated as a mystic and as having borne the Stigmata.
Blessed Giovanna Francesca Michelotti, born Anna Michelotti, was an Italian Roman Catholic nun.
Her spirituality was grounded in the imitation of Christ’s suffering on the Cross.
In 2001 she was beatified by Pope John Paul II.
Their aim was to spread the merciful love of Jesus Christ to these women.
He is seen by Muslims as a possessor of all the virtues.
She spent the majority of her life at the Cistercian convent at Boulancourt, Haute-Marne, France.
She died at the age of 27.
He allegedly died in 575 at the age of 140 after having been assisted in his labors by three successive coadjutors.
He was an advisor and confidante of several Visigoth kings, including Chindasuinth, whose son Recceswinth he recommended be installed as associate king.
Blessed Nicolò Rusca was an Italian priest who served in the Diocese of Como.
His name appears in the Martyrologium Hieronymianum as well as entries in the Depositio Martyrum.
Saint Illidius was a 4th-century bishop of Clermont, France.
He finished the writings 26 years after the death of Sergius, i.e., around 1417-1418.
Churches were destroyed, and missionaries had to live in hiding.
He was a loyal follower of Origen, and opposed Arian and Macedonian teachings.
His mother, who had been widowed early, was very pious.
He is best known for performing the first complete translation of the Catholic Bible into the Chinese language.
He was said to be a physician of Ravenna.
Their legend states that they were educated in the Christian faith by their parents.
John Paul II later beatified Scalabrini in Saint Peter's Square on 9 November 1997.
Saint Libertine is venerated as a Christian martyr and as the first bishop of Agrigento, in Sicily.
He was born in Gargrave in Yorkshire, England.
He renewed his parishes through well-organized pastoral activities and was a promoter of frequent sacramental reception.
Rossi's canonization was celebrated on 8 December 1881.
He died about 1375 at the Gorodets monastery he had founded.
Romedius is often depicted alongside or astride a bear.
Saint Astius is a 2nd-century Christian martyr venerated by the Roman Catholic and Eastern Orthodox churches.
Werner of Oberwesel was a 16-year-old boy whose unexplained death was blamed on Jews, leading to revenge killings of Jews across Europe.
Saint Cucuphas, French: Cucuphat, Cucufa, Cucuphat, Quiquenfat, Galician: Covade, Cobad, Occitan: Cophan, Asturian: Cucao) is a martyr of Spain.
Magnhild was described as a pious woman from Benarp who nursed the sick, and educated and provided for children.
Saints Marcellinus and Peter were two 4th century Christian martyrs in the city of Rome.
He has an annual feast in that church on October 19.
Thomas Ken was an English cleric who was considered the most eminent of the English non-juring bishops, and one of the fathers of modern English hymnody.
When he died, he "was buried at Gibeah, which had been allotted to his son Phinehas in the hill country of Ephraim".
Among the executed were Benito Garcia, the converso who initially confessed to the murder.
As the Copts continued to recognise Theodosius, the lineage between the Coptic and Melchite split.
Saint Melchior Grodziecki was a Polish Jesuit priest.
Triantafyllos is a martyr of the Greek Orthodox Church.
A church was built in his honor in 1970 in San Luis, Lima, Peru.
Dryhthelm portioned his wealth out between his wife, sons and the poor, and became a monk at Melrose, where he devoted himself to God.
He suffered martyrdom during the reign of Emperor Marcus Aurelius.
He is a Catholic martyr, beatified in 1929.
Blessed Marguerite Bays was a Swiss Roman Catholic member of the Secular Franciscan Order.
Saint Malo of Aleth was baptized as an adult by Saint Brendan the Navigator.
was a French Dominican friar and priest, who served as the 76th Master of his Order from 1904 until 1916.
The hundredth church was built by Julius on the island that bears his name; he dedicated it to Saints Peter and Paul.
The exact time of the monastery establishment is unknown and referred to the period from 10th to 15th century.
As he finished, three ships loaded with grain ran the blockade.
He is a Saint of the Catholic Church.
Cap., was an Italian Capuchin Poor Clares nun and mystic.
Together with his companion St Fagan, he was sometimes reckoned as the apostle of Britain.
Khomyshyn was first arrested in 1939 by the NKVD.
It is said that when Saint Athanasius was entering exile in France, he passed through Modena and was received kindly by Geminianus.
The Abbot St. John Gualbert designated for the test Peter Aldobrandini, who successfully underwent the ordeal, hence called "Igneus", or Fire-tried.
She is the foundress of The Sisters of Charity of the Sacred Heart of Jesus.
Pope Gregory IX canonized Francis on 16 July 1228.
She remained secluded there for 34 years under the obedience of a Vallumbrosan abbey.
Information on this saint is based on the apocryphal Acts of Saint Callixtus.
He was a canon and a hermit and then became the founding abbot of Sázava near Prague.
Her husband died of a disease in 1457.
Though a minor saint, he is mentioned in a litany of Winchester in about 1060, and his feast day was recorded in most medieval Somerset calendars.
Saint Amandina of Schakkebroek, born under the name of Pauline Jeuris, was a Belgian Franciscan missionary sister in China.
His feast was celebrated on 3 December.
Pope Alexander I of Alexandria, 19th Pope of Alexandria & Patriarch of the See of St. Mark.
Later tradition has it that he was "a son of Máel-Sechnaill, high king of Ireland."
His beatification was celebrated under Pope John Paul II on 30 October 1983.
Germerius told him that he wanted an estate in the Toulouse area, specifically, as much area as the shadow of his cloak could cover in Ducorum.
Cleopatra was a contemporary to the holy martyr Saint Varus.
Saint Émilie de Villeneuve was a Roman Catholic French nun and the founder of the Sisters of Our Lady of the Immaculate Conception of Castres.
Florido's beatification was celebrated in Saint Peter's Square on 16 October 1994.
Little is known of his episcopal acts, but he subscribed to a charter for the abbey of Saint-Denis.
Nidan was a Welsh priest and, according to some sources, a bishop, in the 6th and 7th centuries.
The Church remembers St. Clement on January 4 with the Seventy; April 22 with Ss.
After his death, Xenia became a "fool-for-Christ" and for 45 years wandered around the streets of St. Petersburg, usually wearing her late husband's military uniform.
His most well known disciple was Nicetas Stethatos who wrote the Life of Symeon.
Saint Ferréol of Uzès was bishop of Uzès and possibly bishop of Nîmes.
The Roman Catholic Church, under the pontificate of Pope Pius XII, canonized Montfort on July 20, 1947.
When Father Ephrem de Nevers was arrested by the Portuguese Inquisition in 1649, he went to Madras Capuchin mission to take steps for his release.
Jili conceived of the Absolute Being as a Self, a line of thinking which later influenced the 20th century Muslim philosopher and poet Allama Iqbal.
Her father was Anicius Eupropius and her mother was Claudia Abondantia Reguardati.
The latter was almost totally rebuilt in the late 18th century.
He also dealt with the Paolo Miraglia-Gulotti schism that took place in his diocese and had known the faux-bishop after ordaining him in 1879.
Late in 1643 he landed at Newcastle-on-Tyne, and was arrested on the first night he spent in Lancashire.
Pope John Paul II beatified her on 14 April 2002.
After Ansgar, epithetised Apostle of the North, Sigfrid is revered as second Apostle of the North, besides the missionary Rimbert of Turholt.
Saint Lorenzo Ruiz is a Filipino saint venerated in the Roman Catholic Church.
Then the enraged emperor commanded that they again burn at the bodies of the saints.
The statue is currently housed in the Basilica of the National Shrine of Our Lady of Aparecida in Aparecida, São Paulo, Brazil.
Potamiana, or Potamiaena, is venerated as a Christian saint and martyr.
It should be stated that there was less Visigothic persecution of Catholics than legend and hagiography have painted.
He accompanied his father during the Crusades in his childhood and was present at a battle at Acre in 1191.
Known members include Bruno of Saxony, Saints Marquard of Hildesheim and Theodoric of Minden.
Symeon's writings include Hymns of Divine Love, Ethical Discourses, and The Catechetical Discourses.
An earlier, legendary St. Ferreolus was sent to evangelize in Besançon in the late 2nd century.
Athanasius was an intimate of both the court of the Western Emperor and that of the Pope.
Relics of both saints were owned by Kempten Abbey in Bavaria.
A third is currently under investigation and is required for him to be canonized.
He was born in the city of Eskentos in Cappadocia, in Eastern Asia Minor.
Blessed Thomas Holford was an English Protestant schoolteacher who became a Catholic priest during the reign of Queen Elizabeth I.
Saint Ermengol or Hermengaudius was the bishop of Urgell from 1010.
After a short time in the monastery of Opiza, he founded his own monastery at Khandzta which soon attracted an increasing number of brethren.
Theodoric the Great, ruled most of the Italian Peninsula, at the time at which Pomponius was the head of his see.
He was born Filippo Giacomo Amoroso in Nicosia, Sicily on 5 November 1715.
Later legends state that he evangelized many cities of Piedmont, Emilia, and Gaul, and was killed for his faith in 254 or 304 AD.
The following day at noon, February 19, 1862, she was beheaded.
St. Odhrán's feast day is on the 27th of October.
He was canonized as a saint of the Russian Orthodox Church by Metropolite Macarius in 1547.
Born in Truro, Cornwall, he was educated at Truro Grammar School and St John's College, Cambridge.
The municipality of Saint-Michel-des-Saints, Quebec, Canada, is named in his honour.
Alkmund was buried at Derby, where miracles were reported at the tomb.
Her feast day is celebrated in the Latin Catholic, Eastern Catholic, Anglican, and Eastern Orthodox churches on November 22.
He was an elder brother of Saint Gall.
Saint Kizito was one of the Martyrs of Uganda.
According to tradition, Libertine was sent by Saint Peter to Agrigento to Christianize the city during the 1st century.
He is also an important prophet in Christianity, Islam, the Bahá'í Faith, and a number of other Abrahamic religions.
His father died when Chromatius was an infant.
According to P'awstos Buzandac'i's account Roman emperor Valens became outraged at Nerses condemning his following of the teachings of Arius and sent Nerses into exile.
Saint Mac Cairthinn, also Macartan, is recognized as the first presiding Bishop of Clogher from 454 to his death.
However, Paul Burns writes that “there may possibly be some historical basis to the...story...”
Mary also has a revered position in Islam, where one of the longer chapters of the Quran is devoted to her.
After his death, his canonization attracted considerable attention and controversy, by some Catholics and the worldwide press.
Columba studied under some of Ireland's most prominent church figures and founded several monasteries in the country.
He was named after his uncle, Theobald of Vienne, also considered a saint.
He became abbot at a critical time, in which Muslim incursions threatened central and southern Italy.
His immemorial cultus was confirmed by Pope Pius VI in 1777, and his feast day is celebrated on the 23 April.
His main feast day is May 3, the date of his repose.
Their feast day is on September 25 and October 8.
He is venerated as a saint by both the Western and Eastern Churches.
Charitina spent her life in fasting, prayer and study.
After her death, her supporters began to promote her cause for sainthood.
Saint Aemilianus lived in the 5th century AD, and is known as a physician, confessor, and martyr.
At the time, it was illegal to proselytize in Vietnam.
In later years, Joachim was sent to preach around Greece and he came to be considered one of the most notable elders of Vatopaedi.
Saint Daniel and Companions are venerated as martyrs by the Catholic Church.
Of Scottish descent, she was born in Melbourne, but was best known for her activities in South Australia.
Saturninus of Toulouse and Dionysius of Paris were martyred, but Paul survived to establish the church at Narbonne as its first bishop and die in peace.
He was bishop of this city from 290 until his death.
Tradition states that Thyrsus endured many tortures and was sentenced to be sawn in half.
Papczyński is widely remembered as a prolific religious writer; his writings include works such as The Mystical Temple of God.
His feast day is celebrated on October 22.
Saint Philemon was an actor at Antinopolis, Egypt, who was converted by saint Apollonius.
The cause for Cohen's canonization has been accepted for investigation by the Holy See.
Pope John Paul II presided over Vannini's beatification on 16 October 1994.
Saint Ubaldo Day is still celebrated at the Basilica of Sant'Ubaldo in Gubbio in his honor, as well as at Jessup, Pennsylvania.
Blessed Anna Maria Taigi - born Anna Maria Giannetti - was an Italian Roman Catholic professed member from the Secular Trinitarians.
Engratia should not be confused with the 4th-century Portuguese martyr of the same name.
He was recognized by the Roman Catholic Church as a martyr and was beatified in 2013.
Saint Susanna of Rome, according to Christian legend, a Christian martyr whose feast day is 11 August which is the same as Saint Tiburtius.
His beatification was celebrated under Pope Leo XIII in 1890 in Saint Peter's Basilica.
He becomes a favorite of King Saul and a close friend of Saul's son Jonathan.
She lived a simple life as a Franciscan and adapted the tenets of the order's charism into her own life and social apostolate.
He served as bishop until around 720 AD.
Thanks to the dean of Taganrog county, archpriest Alexander Klyunkov, this house still exists and is known among people as the “keliya of starets Pavel”.
She is one of the patron saints of Benevento, with Saints Barbatus of Benevento and Bartholomew being the others.
Born Michael Argemir, at the age of twelve, Michael de Sanctis came to Barcelona and asked to be received into the monastery of the Trinitarians there.
He was the confessor of Duke Richard II of Capua until appointed the Bishop of Forum Claudii in 1087 by Pope Victor III.
Hyacintha Mariscotti, T.O.R., or Hyacintha of Mariscotti was an Italian nun of the Third Order Regular of St. Francis.
She was canonized by the Russian Orthodox Church on February 6, 1988.
His current title is Servant of God.
He was beatified in 2012 after the recognition of a healing as a miracle that was attributed to his intercession.
Nicetius received the title of patriarch from the pope.
Bertharius was succeeded by Angelarius, who rebuilt the church of St. Salvator.
Faqir's poetry was collected by his disciples and published in a book called Risalo Budhal Faqir.
His relics ended up at Pamiers and Palencia.
His feast day is 6 July, the date of his martyrdom.
They spent two years in Rome, visiting its shrines and churches.
He was a Redemptorist priest known for having a deep faith in God and a deep love of Mary.
Saint Lupus of Sens was an early French bishop of Sens.
He was noted for his holy exterior appearance.
Gerulfus is a Roman Catholic Saint of Flanders.
The high priesthood was restored to the family of Eleazar in the person of Zadok after Abiathar was cast out by Solomon.
Saints Ferreolus and Ferrutio are venerated as martyrs and saints by the Catholic Church.
He was sent to Nicomedia, where Agathonicus and his companions Princeps, Theoprepius, Acyndinus, Severian, Zeno, along with many others, were then taken to Byzantium.
Florentius' was venerated at Peterborough along with Cyneswith and Cyniburg.
Along with Syrus, he is a patron saint of Pavia, and his body is housed in the church with his name.
Zangeja by caste, Muslim by religion and a Sufi by practice, he was considered to be the great saint poet Kabir reborn in Sindh.
He was the second son of Sergius I of Naples and became bishop at the same time his brother, Gregory, became co-duke.
Local tradition states that Euprepius was bishop of Verona from 60 to 72 AD.
Because he was bishop of Athens after Publius, Quadratus is sometimes figured among the Apostolic Fathers.
Unfortunately, he was captured and tossed into the Garigliano in a bag of leather.
He is considered a martyr for the faith by the Catholic Church, which has beatified him.
Saints Cyrion and Candidus are ethnic Armenian saints.
He also healed grand prince Vladimir II Monomakh.
This meant introducing Latinized practicies such as the Gregorian calendar and a strict adherence to clerical celibacy, which were met with controversy in his eparchy.
James Lloyd Breck was a priest, educator and missionary of the Episcopal Church in the United States of America.
The church was completed in the beginning of the 9th century and in the 15th century.
Saint Paphnutius was the disciple of Saint Macarius the Great who was an anchorite in the Egyptian desert.
In 332 he was ordained as a priest and fourteen years later consecrated as a bishop.
He can be called the John the Baptist of India.
Andronicus of Pannonia was a 1st-century Christian mentioned by the Apostle Paul:
Saint Philip the Evangelist appears several times in the Acts of the Apostles.
Blessed Martyr Vasyl Velychkovsky was a priest, and later bishop, of Ukrainian Greek-Catholic Church, one of the Eastern Catholic Churches under the Pope.
Saint Exuperius of Bayeux, also known as Spirius, is venerated as the first bishop of Bayeux.
Most of the great Irish saints had some connection with Aran.
Blessed Odo of Novara was an Italian Roman Catholic priest and a professed member from the Carthusians.
After being consecrated to that office, he made Andrew his archdeacon.
The miracle became known, and many people visited Gerard in his cave.
Saint John the Russian – May 27, 1730) is one of the most renowned saints in the Greek Orthodox Church.
His feast day is observed on April 29.
He died as a result of ill treatment and fatigue at Daskarata on the Great Zab, in 344.
There is no record of a feast day for these individuals.
Vukasin Mandrapa was a farmer and merchant, born in Klepci.
Saint Ludmila was the grandmother of Saint Wenceslaus, who is widely referred to as Good King Wenceslaus.
Arcadius was Byzantine Emperor from 383 to 408.
He was the son and co-ruler of Bogdan II of Moldavia who was murdered in 1451.
Abercius is a martyr of the Christian church.
Since his youth Pavel had felt a flaming love for holy places and pilgrimage.
There was a church of St. Blane in Dumfries and another at Kilblane.
Elisabeth of Schönau was a German Benedictine visionary.
His shrine, a silver-made shrine in the Mosan style, can be found in Visé, Belgium.
His veneration prompted other allegations against Jews, such as Host desecration and ritual murder.
Moreno González reportedly carried out several philanthropic deeds to help the marginalized in Michoacán.
Beatified in 1247, her sanctuary is in Borgo San Pietro, a frazione of Petrella Salto.
Her cult was approved by Pope Clement VII in 1533.
In A.D. 535 he and Saint Edeyrn came eastwards from the small religious settlement of Llandaff, aiming to establish churches, in the area around Caerphilly mountain.
He attracted numerous visitors while there, including Saint Malo, it is said, in 544, and became their abbot.
This is sometimes identified with Comana in Cappadocia, but other sources dispute this identification, and suggest a Comana in Italy.
In Jerusalem, he contributed the Carmelite Rule of St. Albert to the newly-founded Carmelite Order.
Leucius and Callinicus were martyred with him.
His feast day is commemorated on March 29.
On July 3, 1986, Pope John Paul II visited the sanctuary and prayed for peace in Colombia at the feet of the Virgin Mary's image.
There was also a Patriarch Macarius of Constantinople.
At the time of a persecution against Christians under the emperor Trajan, the governor demanded that the saint renounce Christ.
His successor on that see about 695 was St. Abelbert.
Nicolaus Ludwig von Zinzendorf, commemorated on May 9
According to their legend, Likaion, the prefect of Illyricum, employed the brothers in the construction of a pagan temple.
His death must have been before the Council of Tyre, in 335, at which his successor, Maximus, was apparently one of the bishops present.
He was afterwards attached to the oratory in the palace of the king.
She was associated with the Múscraige and her church and nunnery lay on the borders between the Múscraige Mittine and Eóganacht Locha Léin.
While Saint George was being tortured, Alexandra went to the arena, bowed before him and professed her faith openly.
Saint Louis-Marie Grignion de Montfort was a French Roman Catholic priest and Confessor.
Buried at Gurk Cathedral since 1174, she was beatified on 21 November 1287 and canonised on 5 January 1938 by Pope Pius XI.
Escrivá gained a doctorate in civil law at the Complutense University of Madrid and a doctorate in theology at the Lateran University in Rome.
She was born on an island off the coast of France where her parents had been exiled by the French Revolutionaries.
Venerated since the 13th century, he was canonized in 1523.
He was one of many Christians put to death by King Mwanga II between 1885 and 1887.
Saint Clelia Barbieri was an Italian Roman Catholic and the founder of the Little Sisters of the Mother of Sorrows.
In the ordinary form of the Latin Rite they are remembered with an optional memorial on July 9.
Fagan is the presumed namesake of St Fagans near Cardiff, now the home of a Welsh National History Museum.
Although pro-English clergy had Joan burnt at the stake for heresy in 1431, she was rehabilitated in 1456 after a posthumous retrial.
She is the patron saint of the Canary Islands.
On this occasion many monks of St. Sabas met their deaths.
It is assumed that this happened in Hegyközszentimre.
John the Evangelist is the name traditionally given to the author of the Gospel of John.
She was a member of the congregation known as the Crucified Sisters Adorers of the Holy Eucharist.
Nevertheless, Wace did not find reason to doubt that Claudius had come from the nobility.
Her feast day is celebrated on 19 February in the Roman Catholic Church.
Saint Enoder, also known as Cnyder and Quidic in Britanny, France, was a 6th-century AD saint and abbot of South Wales.
Like Chromatius, he was a disciple of Valerianus, the bishop of Aquileia.
A fierce persecution arose, and they were both brought to trial.
Saint Rafael Arnáiz Barón in religious María Rafael - is a Spanish Roman Catholic professed religious from the Trappists.
He has been proclaimed a saint by the Catholic Church and declared the Apostle of the city.
For bishop, see Phocas the bishop of Sinope
The Vita Beati Gerlaci Eremytae, written around 1227, describes his legend and life.
Saint Euphrasius of Illiturgis is venerated as a Christian missionary of the 1st century, during the Apostolic Age.
He studied in Constantinople and was ordained a deacon at Hagia Sophia.
Vedast or Vedastus, also known as Saint Vaast or Saint Waast, Saint Gaston in French, and Foster in English.
Anno II was Archbishop of Cologne from 1056 until his death.
Blessed Maria Bolognesi was an Italian Roman Catholic.
Jews and Christians consider the Book of Isaiah a part of their Biblical canon; he is the first listed of the Nevi'im Aharonim, the latter prophets.
Both of these churches fell under the possession of the monastic community Germerius founded.
She does so, and regains her sight at Triduana's tomb.
Several locations in Wales are believed to bear his name.
Saint Desiderius of Fontenelle was a Frankish saint of the late 7th century.
St. Florian is also the patron of Upper Austria, jointly with Saint Leopold.
Others suggest that she was a real person who took on the goddess's attributes.
and companions, which included friars from Italy and France.
The persecution of the Christians increased during the time of this righteous Patriarch and many Copts were martyred.
However, various hagiographical texts disagree about the site of their martyrdom, with some stating that it was Damascus, while Coptic sources state that it was Antioch.
The Roman Martyrology lists only Faustus and Macarius with 10 companions.
Catherine sent him to Spain in 1528 to the emperor Charles V on a mission relating to the proposed divorce.
He also traveled to Rome to obtain a papal bull to confirm the privileges of Brogne Abbey.
He changed the religious habit of the monks of the Church of the East to make it easier to distinguish them from similar Miaphysite monks.
Saint Helier was a 6th-century ascetic hermit.
Rosa Elena Cornejo Pazmiño was an Ecuadorian Roman Catholic nun who took the name of María Francisca of the Wounds after she became a nun.
Michael is an archangel in Judaism, Christianity, and Islam.
Then, when asked who was the instigator, he replied: "The priest Saturninus and all of us."
He was accused of heresy but was exonerated at the Council of Chalcedon.
He and his assistants were beaten up, after which they traveled on foot to the village of recorded as "Dou Hoi."
Instead of returning to Pembrokeshire, they travelled east to Glamorgan to settle at Llantwit Major.
His feast day is celebrated on 22 August or 4 September.
Some believe he was governor and bishop.
He shares the feast date of March 5th with his mother, St. Liadán, and his disciple and episcopal successor, St. Carthach the Elder.
Sunniva was venerated alongside her brother Alban, who in Norwegian tradition was identified with Saint Alban, the Roman-era British saint.
The Holy Venerable Theodosius of Tarnovo was a high-ranking 14th-century Bulgarian cleric and hermit and the person credited with establishing hesychasm in the Second Bulgarian Empire.
Sophronius has been claimed to be of Byzantine Greek, as well as of Syriac descent.
Erzulie is a family of loa, or spirits in Vodou.
Pavoni was beatified on 14 April 2002 and is the patron of his order.
The Gauchito Gil is a legendary character of Argentina's popular culture.
He is considered by the Catholic Church to have suffered at the hands of Amalaric, who was a follower of Arianism.
Their feast day is August 3 in the Coptic Church.
He is considered to be the founder of the Pechenga Monastery and "Enlightener of the Sami."
Saint Racho of Autun is venerated as a Roman Catholic saint.
A Phrygian, he became a hermit at the age of nineteen in Thrace.
Julian had them stripped of their properties and beheaded, according to Roman Martyrology.
It is believed that he was appointed Bishop of Geres, which he refused.
Hilary transformed a grape into a serpent in order to teach a lazy monk named Glicerio a lesson.
Apparently she was of as distinguished family as her husband, the Roman regionarius, Gordianus.
He was beheaded at Rilly-Sainte-Syre near Troyes.
Saint Selaphiel the Archangel or Saint Sealtiel, Selatiel, sometimes identified with Salathiel from the Second Book of Esdras.
Saint Paphnutius the Bishop is an Egyptian saint from the tenth century AD.
The account of his life, written by his disciple Albert, who lived with him during his last year at Maleval, has been lost.
He is considered to be a notable figure in pre-Mongol Russia.
He made his novitiate at the friary of the Carcerelle near Assisi.
As an act of respect, Muslims follow the name of Muhammad by the Arabic benediction sallallahu 'alayhi wa sallam, a practice instructed by Quran and Hadith.
According to an early biography, he was known as Germain d'Autun, rendered in modern times as the "Father of the Poor".
Most of what is written about Cainnech's life is based on tradition, however he was considered a man of virtue, great eloquence and learning.
He was venerated as a saint after his death, though some question his historical authenticity.
Anthony was, however, the first to go into the wilderness, a geographical move that seems to have contributed to his renown.
He is best known in connection with this prayer-book or sacramentary intended for the use of bishops.
Paul of the Cross was an Italian mystic, and founder of the Passionists.
Her task was a difficult one on account of the impoverished condition of the temporal affairs which was brought about by the lavish almsgiving of Paula.
She made his life a misery and finally persuaded Angelos that he be sent away to learn a trade.
The beatus Landulf of Yariglia was Benedictine Bishop of Asti, Italy.
He was the son of Saint Sigrada and the brother of Saint Warinus.
However, a terrible storm shipwrecked her on the shores of Naples.
Gerard suffered a collapse at Monte Santo, near Ancona.
He is the patron saint of Sithney, Cornwall, United Kingdom and is invoked for help against rabies and mad dogs and for healing of mad dogs.
Saint Annemund, also known as Annemundus, Aunemundus, Ennemond and Chamond, was an archbishop of Lyon.
Saints Trophimus, Sabbatius, and Dorymedon are venerated as Christian martyrs.
Tradition states that they were from Mérida, and sons of Saint Marcellus the Centurion.
He was the king Mwanga's bandmaster-General, the Mugowa.
He was executed in Ha Tay, Tonkin, now Vietnam, during the persecutions of Emperor Minh Mạng.
He was killed by his compatriots for his conversion circa 1229.
They were then decapitated and buried near the present grounds of St-Aubin de Macé; a tombstone marks the site of their former grave.
He goes by several titles, including koki la me, koki dore, "The Angel in the Mirror", "The Eel", and "The Tadpole in the Pond".
He died ca.657 and his feast day is celebrated on September 4.
Officials in Synnada attempted to force Dorymedon and Trophimus to sacrifice to the gods Castor and Pollux.
Bernadette Soubirous was the firstborn daughter of a miller from Lourdes, France, and is venerated as a saint in the Catholic Church.
Acting upon the apostolic precept, Mél supported himself by working with his hands; what he gained beyond bare necessities, he gave to the poor.
With the present-day growth of Mariology, the theological field of Josephology has also grown and since the 1950s centers for studying it have been formed.
She initially served in Italy, but moved to Argentina where she devoted her time to children and the children's hospital in La Plata.
The Blessed Stephana de Quinzanis, T.O.S.D., was an Italian Dominican Sister, stigmatic and mystic.
All eight were beheaded in Caesarea Maritima on the same day.
They were put to death in the year 374 by the Persian ruler Shapur II.
Judoc was a son of Juthael, King of Brittany.
Saint Domninus of Fidenza is an Italian Catholic saint.
He was born in the region of Archangelsk.
Ezekiel is the central protagonist of the Book of Ezekiel in the Hebrew Bible.
Saint Benignus of Armagh was the son of Sesenen, an Irish chieftain in that part of Ireland which is now County Meath.
For other saints of the same personal name, see Laisrén
The year of their martyrdom is uncertain according to their Acts; it occurred under Julian the Apostate.
Another miracle is now under investigation and is needed for canonization.
During his episcopacy, he dealt with the issue of how to treat Christian converts from schism or heresy.
Saint Donatus of Butrint died in 387 and his remains were transferred to Kassiopi in Corfu in 602 in order to be saved from barbarian invasions.
If they happened - is there any man exempt from defects?
The form of Obadiah's name used in the Septuagint is Obdios; in Latin it is Abdias.
Severin is notable as a prominent opponent of Arianism.
In May 1947, she founded the Missionaries of Jesus the Eternal Priest.
See Saint Nilus the Younger for the 10th-century saint.
Her feast day is on 19 October; she is one of the Martyrs of Córdoba.
He is honored as a saint in the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Hamburg, which now covers that region, and in the Norbertine Order.
At the Synod of Sidon he successfully defended, together with Flavian II of Antioch, the dyophysite Christological doctrine proclaimed by the Council of Chalcedon.
A relative of Arthur, he was one of his most loyal allies and was said to have helped him conquer "Gaul".
For the righteous life God endowed Paul with gifts of astuteness and prevision, with gifts to work miracles and to heal people.
Wade-Evans thought he should be identified with Kentinlau who accompanied Saint Cadfan from Brittany to Ceredigion.
Theodosius spent the last 28 years of his life imprisoned in Upper Egypt and after his death the Coptic Church elected Peter IV as his successor.
Returning to Naples in 1699, he was elected general provost of the Congregazione.
He was an uncle of Marcial Maciel, the founder of the Legion of Christ.
Agnes of Jesus, O.P., was a French Catholic nun of the Dominican Order.
He was bishop of Verona, Italy in the 4th century.
He was subsequently made to return to his monastery, where he also was shortly thereafter made the local bishop of Kratia.
She was cleared for beatification in 2007 after a miracle found to have been attributed to her intercession was ratified and she was beatified in 2009.
The hill is thickly wooded and no remains from the late Roman period have been identified.
An Oriental Martyr and celebrated among the Greeks, Serapion converted many pagans, and in the end was arrested and died at the stake.
Diocletian then claimed the miracle was because of magic.
He is traditionally named as the builder of the first church on the site of the present Aix Cathedral.
Mark and Marcellian are martyrs venerated as saints by the Roman Catholic Church and the Eastern Orthodox Church.
This article discusses the particulars and origins of what has come to be known as the "traditional" stories of Saint Ninian.
Gwladys's other children were Cynidr, Bugi, Cyfyw, Maches, Glywys II and Egwine.
Saint Juan Diego Cuauhtlatoatzin, also known as Juan Diegotzil, a native of Mexico, is the first Roman Catholic indigenous saint from the Americas.
He was ordained in 1864 and went on to serve the sick and the poor in Peru where he administered.
After the death of her husband Paula and her daughter Eustochium lived in Rome as austere a life as the Fathers of the desert.
Tradition makes him a member of the Theban Legion, and thus martyred at Agaunum.
With the support of Saint Eligius, Godeberta became a nun despite the fact that her parents wanted her to marry.
He is one of the group of Seven Apostolic Men, seven Christian clerics ordained in Rome by Saints Peter and Paul and sent to evangelize Spain.
A traditional story says that the Virgin Mary sent a pair of female deer to provide milk for her workers during the monastery's construction.
He died on November 13, 1197 and his feast day is celebrated on November 13.
The heads of these saints are said to have floated to Santander aboard a boat made of stone.
They then traveled to Pettingen, where they worked as day laborers.
In 1998, some of their relics were transferred to the Byzantine-Slavonic Rite church in nearby Kostomłoty, where the Shrine of the Martyrs of Pratulin was established.
Lebuinus, Apostle of the Frisians and patron of Deventer.
Evermode's feast day is celebrated on 17 February.
Sidhom Bishay's death outraged Damietta's Christian community, and Christians of all denominations gathered at his funeral.
Severus also built outside of the city walls the Basilica of San Fortunato, to which he translated the relics of his predecessor Maximus.
In the 3rd or 4th century his remains were placed in a sarcophagus.
He died from tuberculosis at the age of 23 in Isola del Gran Sasso, in the province of Teramo.
Mesrop Mashtots  listen , also known as Mesrob the Vartabed, was an early medieval Armenian linguist, theologian, statesman and hymnologist.
His death in 637 is included in the Annals of the Four Masters.
Saint Romanus of Rouen was a scribe, clerical sage, and bishop of Rouen.
However, a miracle is said to have led to her liberation.
His feast day, celebrated by the Premonstratensian Order and in the Archdiocese of Utrecht, is 4 February.
The 17th-century Acta Sanctorum records a story of a blind English woman miraculously cured by Triduana.
‘Abdu-l ‘Azīz b. Hārith b. Asad at-Tamīmī or Abdul Wahid Tamimi was a 9th century saint who belonged to the Junaidia order.
The school's colours are black and red, which feature prominently in the uniform.
In 1134 he was made acting provost of the Priory of Gottesgnaden.
His relics are preserved at the ancient Tolga Monastery on the Volga River near Yaroslavl.
Abda and Abdjesus were two Christian bishops who were martyred at Kashkar under Shapur II on 16 May, in either 366 AD or 375 AD.
Venerable Saint Gerasimos of Kefalonia is the patron saint of the island of Kefalonia in Greece.
They were Saint Justus, bishop of Urgell; Saint Elpidius; and Saint Justinian.
He was beatified in 1819 and was canonized in 1975.
Pope Francis approved a miracle attributed to her intercession on 21 December 2016 and her beatification was celebrated on 29 April 2017 in Verona.
She is famed as the “Nile Mother” of Egypt.
Brave believers took the bodies of all five martyrs to the Liuchonnguan seminary grounds for burial.
Saint Crescentinus is the patron saint of Urbino whose feast day is celebrated on June 1.
He is venerated in the Catholic Church as the patron saint of France and Paris and is accounted one of the Fourteen Holy Helpers.
Finally, in May 1787 he was overtaken by a sudden, raging fever while working in the garden.
In 1624 he was made co-patron of Navarre alongside Santiago.
He is the patron saint of Bruchsal in Baden-Württemberg.
It is an important work in both Norwegian and Icelandic literary history.
In reality he was probably a 7th-century bishop at Llandeilo Fawr.
Saint Peter of Pappacarbone was an Italian abbot, bishop, and saint.
He was converted from a life of dissipation and then studied Muslim tradition under Al-Fozail ibn Iyaz.
The two duchies would only be reunited between 1033 and 1044 under Gothelo I, Duke of Lotharingia.
Still others are believed to be buried elsewhere.
He was later followed by Saint Catherine of Bologna, Theodore the Studite and Saint Luke the Evangelist, all of whom were painters of Icons.
As a noticeable religious figure, he was subjected to political repressions and spent 11 years in internal exile.
He attempted to counter Arianism in his see, and assisted at the Council of Aquileia.
Dida is known to have endowed churches in Bampton and Oxford.
Anatolia was first mentioned in the De Laude Sanctorum composed in 396 by Victrice, bishop of Rouen.
Saint Vigor was named bishop of Bayeux in 514.
However, their martyrdom may also date to the time of Hunneric.
Saint Assicus was the first bishop of Elphin, Ireland, and venerated as the patron saint of that place.
The reprisals did come during Holy Week in April 1821, after the Greek rebels scored several successes against the Ottoman forces in the Peloponnese.
Bernold was friend of the future Emperor Henry III, and traveled on Henry's 1041 campaign against the Hungarians.
Saint Prosdocimus of Padua is venerated as the first bishop of Padua.
There is a church dedicated to Saint Gordianus in Saint-Paul-d'Oueil in France.
His letters also serve as an example of early Christian theology.
Nereus, Achilleus, Domitilla, and Pancras are venerated as martyrs of the Roman Catholic Church.
They also began to teach Christianity in the region.
Luis was born in Sevilla, Spain, and studied at the University of Salamanca before entering the convent of "Calvario de los Hermanos Menores".
He barely escaped with his life when the Frisians wanted to kill him as well and he returned to the area around Utrecht.
The new pope, John VIII, approved Photios's reinstatement.
Among his pupils were Origen and Alexander of Jerusalem.
They are the patron saints of Milan and of haymakers and are invoked for the discovery of thieves.
He is sometimes identified with Archbishop Flavian of Constantinople.
Two years later, Roberts sailed to New York and applied for the mission he always wanted, among American Indians.
He is said to have converted Sabinian of Troyes.
Saint Matthias of Jerusalem was a 2nd-century Christian saint and a Bishop of Jerusalem, whose episcopacy was about 113–120 AD.
According to Genesis 4:25, Seth was born after Abel's murder, and Eve believed God had appointed him as a replacement for Abel.
Abda of Hira was a monk of the Assyrian Church of the East.
He became a Benedictine monk at a young age and became bishop of Mondoñedo at the age of 18.
Dorymedon and Trophimus refused and were tortured and sentenced to be thrown to wild beasts in the arena.
Before his peaceful death, he chooses his son Solomon as his successor.
Ealdberht died in 788AD, and was himself succeeded as Abbot by St. Sigered of Ripon.
There are other people known as Saint David and Saint Roman.
Carpophorus, Exanthus, Cassius, Severinus, Secundus and Licinius were Christian soldiers who, according to local tradition, were martyred at Como during the reign of Maximian.
Her husband had been Colonel Andrey Fyodorovich Petrov, a chanter at the Saint Andrew Cathedral.
A 2010 book made the claim that Preca was a repressed homosexual who nevertheless lived a chaste life.
From April 12 till December 9, 1925 he was the head of the Russian Orthodox Church, serving as the Patriarchal locum tenens.
He was venerated as a pre-Congregation saint and is still honored on the day of his death, 18 February.
He was beatified by Pope John Paul II on 13 June 1999 as one of the 108 Martyrs of World War II.
According to Christian tradition, she was born to a rich family of Iconium.
She probably lived in the 5th or 6th century and may have been of either Anglo-Saxon or Welsh origin.
Blessed Jacques-Désiré Laval was a French Roman Catholic priest who served in the missions in Mauritius; he was a professed member from the Spiritans.
Pierre-Rose-Ursule Dumoulin-Borie was a French Catholic missionary priest and a member of the Paris Foreign Missions Society.
Wethenoc or Gwethenoc or Guethenoc was a 5th-century Breton saint.
Refusing to deny Christ, Dasya was tortured by Arianus, governor of Ansena, and his head eventually cut off.
He became a Benedictine in 1194, at Petina, Italy.
In Mainz, Alban helped bishop Aureus of Mainz to regain his bishopric.
Some have also said Adela was the sister of Irmina of Oeren.
She is venerated as Patroness on February 22 each year.
A Christian priest, he was imprisoned for his beliefs at the time of the Emperors Diocletian and Maximian.
Other versions claim that she was martyred and buried in Civitavecchia.
The parents taught the two boys to care for the poor and to give away all of their material possessions to aid others.
He is venerated as a beatus by the Catholic Church.
People from all over the world travel to it in a spirit of faith and penance.
In 1841 she was appointed assistant general of the sisters in an appointment that caused great resentment among her sisters.
On the recognition of his widespread cult Pope Clement XIII beatified Mazzinghi on 7 March 1761; he remains a patron of preachers.
Romanus is said to have gone to Gaul, where he founded a small monastery at Dryes-Fontrouge in Auxerre.
His most famous work is the Romanian psalter in verse.
They were martyred together under the persecutions of Diocletian.
Acepsimas of Hnaita was a bishop, martyr and saint.
In the Jewish scriptures, Gabriel appears to the prophet Daniel, to explain his visions.
He built schools and hospitals, and sent monks throughout the land to preach the Gospel.
Later the bishop settled in Prüm and then in Deventer.
He died and was buried in Kfarhy near Batroun, in Lebanon, where a shrine is dedicated to him.
Saint Sebastian is a popular male saint, especially among athletes.
She was known as the "foster mother of the saints of Erin".
With Guria and Shamona, he is venerated as one of the "avengers of unfulfilled contracts".
He is sometimes referred to by the epithet Ouranophantor, "revealer of heavenly mysteries".
He returned to England to enter a Benedictine monastery, at Durham.
John was born in Lodi Vecchio in 1025.
Saint Eliphius or Eloff is venerated as a Christian martyr.
He was born in the mid-6th century in Lombardy.
John went on a pilgrimage to Jerusalem, and stayed there for three years.
He rules the mind, intellect, and cosmic equilibrium.
Uriel, Standard Hebrew Uriʾel, Tiberian Hebrew ʾÛrîʾēl) is one of the archangels of post-Exilic Rabbinic tradition, and also of certain Christian traditions.
She was cleared for beatification in 2015 after Pope Francis recognized a miracle that was found to have been attributed to her intercession.
In spite of his desire for seclusion and obscurity, four writers later wrote vitae on his life and teachings.
Peter the Great of Russia, whose birthday fell on Saint Isaac's feast day, May 30, adopted Isaac as the patron saint of the Romanov dynasty.
Ffynnon Peris is a well in Nant Peris named after the saint, who according to tradition, kept two fish there and drank from it daily.
After giving himself up, he was tortured and then sent to prison, where he was strangled at the age of 13.
According to Enwogion Cymru, Gredifael was a saint who lived in the early part of the sixth century.
Around 300,000 bottles of white wine are produced each year in the appellation.
For the fictionalized version, see Derfel Cadarn.
Philip I appointed him abbot of a new foundation at Pontoise, despite Walter’s protestations.
Leontius attended the First Council of Nicaea in 325.
Troiani established the Franciscan Missionaries of the Immaculate Heart of Mary.
In Bulgaria and Macedonia Saint Zlata is often depicted as young woman, wearing a traditional folk costume.
Oswine, Oswin or Osuine was a King of Deira in northern England.
Chrzanowska was awarded two prestigious Polish awards for her good works and died in 1973 after an almost decade-long bout with cancer.
He was martyred alongside Zosimus, Paul and Secundus.
Saint Ecgberht was an Anglo-Saxon monk of Northumbria and Bishop of Lindisfarne.
Theobald's mother, Gisela, received the permission of her husband to stay with their son and became a hermit herself near this place of retreat.
Nothing else can be certainly stated about him.
Socrates and Stephen are a pair of Christian martyrs.
In the Coptic Orthodox Church, her feast day is 1 Epip which corresponds to 8 July or 25 June.
However, Roberts yearned to become a missionary, possibly because of Selwyn's work in New Zealand.
Catholic tradition states that her mother was St. Fausta of Sirmium.
He was canonised in 1225 by Pope Honorius III.
Margrethe was related to Bishop Absalon of Roskilde, and married to Herlog i Ølsemagle in Kjøge.
He was beatified on 30 September 1984.
Cardinal Angelo Amato presided over the celebration on behalf of Pope Francis.
He is venerated in the Roman Catholic Church.
He is said to have been the son of Corun ap Ceredig.
Sufi Rohal was first person to fuse vedantic elements with Muslim Sufi concepts.
Saint Germerius was bishop of Toulouse from 510 to 560 AD.
Saints Digna and Emerita are venerated as saints by the Catholic Church.
Martha of Bethany is a biblical figure described in the Gospels of Luke and John.
Later, on Crete, Titus appointed presbyters in every city and remained there into his old age, dying in Gortyna, near the city of Candia.
He was denounced as a Christian and in 250 AD brought before Emperor Decius, who was persecuting Christians.
His feast day is the first of the Ice Saints.
He is best known for inventing the Armenian alphabet c. 405 AD, which was a fundamental step in strengthening Armenian national identity.
Rabban Mar Hormizd was a monk who lived in the seventh century in modern northern Iraq).
He is venerated in the province of Varese jointly with Gemolus, who was martyred with him..
He was beatified by Pope John Paul II on 13 June 1999 as one of the 108 Polish Martyrs of World War II.
Dausa was a bishop and martyr of the Christian church.
Herman of Valaam together with Sergius of Valaam are considered to be the founders of the Valaam Monastery.
Aurelius provided the monastery with new members for the purpose of episcopal training, effectively turning the monastery into a sort of early episcopal seminary.
Urban was the bishop of Langres, France, beginning in 374.
Saint Bononio was a Benedictine abbot and saint of the Catholic Church.
He served in Poland during World War II and became renowned among his parishioners for his calmness and for his intelligence.
Crescitelli was believed to have been killed in the Boxer Rebellion.
His head is preserved in the Monastery of Koutloumousiou on the Mount Athos.
The Eastern Orthodox Church and Eastern Catholic Churches have given him, together with Gregory of Nazianzus and John Chrysostom, the title of Great Hierarch.
He died of natural causes at Verona.
The relocation of the veneration to Rome was facilitated by the belief that the saint was a native of Rome and had died there.
It has been said that he once served in the armies of Richard the Lion-Heart and Leopold VI during the time of the Crusades.
The Martyrologium Hieronymianum mentions Quirinus' name and place of burial.
His nickname reflects the traditional image of him as unworldly and pious.
(Saint) Broccán Clóen was an Irish cleric who lived in the sixth or seventh century.
She predicted the date of her own death and died after receiving extreme unction.
Servant of God Odette Vidal de Oliveira was a Brazilian girl who is being considered for beatification by the Roman Catholic Church.
Smaldone is best known for his extensive work with the deaf during his lifetime.
Tertullian named him as the author of the Epistle to the Hebrews, but this and other attributions are conjecture.
The first missionary in Nîmes is said to have been Saint Saturnin, who was sent by Pope Fabian to Gaul around 245 AD.
He exchanged letters with Cyril of Alexandria and died sometime after 437.
There was also a later Patriarch Eulogius of Alexandria.
Some ten years later, he secretly left for Palestine seeking a quieter life.
She was killed during the persecutions of Diocletian and Maximian.
He is considered a saint in the Coptic Church, who hold his feast day on May 21.
The Empress Mother Theodora appointed Ignatios, a staunch opponent of Iconoclasm, to succeed Methodios I as patriarch of Constantinople in 847.
Edeyrn is the patron saint of Lannédern in France and Llanedeyrn in Wales, where he founded a monastery of over 300 people.
Arvand punishes the apostates by having their noses pierced and casts them in prison under sentence of death.
In 951, Otto appointed Bruno as his archchaplain.
She would later become a friend of Saint John Chrysostom.
He and his companions are known collectively as the Martyrs of Turon.
Saint Eumenes was a bishop of Gortyna in Crete during the 7th century.
One of these others was also named Abdecalas.
Blessed Jeanne-Germaine Castang - in religious Marie-Céline of the Presentation - was a French Roman Catholic nun from the Poor Clares.
He should not be confused with Satyrus of Milan, the brother of Saint Ambrose.
His Hagiography recalls that he was tortured and then thrown into the Tiber river with a mill stone tied round his neck.
Saint Dunod was a late 6th/early 7th century Abbot of Bangor-on-Dee of north-east Wales.
Saint Flavian of Ricina is venerated as a martyr and bishop by the Catholic Church.
Gerald resisted, having recently assumed the title of comes and doubtless preferring to own his fealty to the more distant liege, the king at Paris.
In Eastern Orthodox Churches that follow the old style or Julian calendar, it is likrwise celebrated on November 24.
After the death of his older brothers Nadab and Abihu, he and his younger brother Ithamar were appointed to the charge of the sanctuary.
He was arrested and beheaded in 1838 for being a Roman Catholic priest in Tonkin.
Other views place her death at the time of Trajan Decius.
Nicostratus and his wife asked for Baptism.
Saint Lupus was an early bishop of Troyes.
According to another legend, God provided a large snake to aid him in climbing the amba, or steep-sided mountain, so he could build Debre Damo.
Soviet historiography portrayed Nicholas as a weak and incompetent leader, whose decisions led to military defeats and the deaths of millions of his subjects.
Hesychius, Ctesiphon, Torquatus, Euphrasius, Indaletius, and Secundius.
A third tradition states that Saint Austremonius ordered Nectarius to Christianize the plain of Limagne in the Massif Central.
According to the Acta Sanctorum, he was martyred by being beaten, attacked with iron combs, and beheaded.
In 804, he founded the abbey of Gellone.
Pius X believed that there was no surer or more direct road than by the Virgin Mary to achieve this goal.
Saint Fulrad was born in 710 into a wealthy family, and died on July 16, 784 as the Abbot of St. Denis.
Maturinus lived for three more years in Rome, interceding with the emperor on behalf of persecuted Christians.
Himerius and Gemolus were killed during an assault on the bishop's entourage at Valganna by a band of men from Uboldo or Seprio.
His gentle and lovable disposition suggested the name Benen, which has been Latinised as Benignus.
He became a priest and worked as a missionary in the country for several decades.
Accepting no payment for their services led to them being named Anargyroi; it has been said that, by this, they attracted many to the Christian faith.
Their three surviving children were present at the ceremony.
The Christians gave him the name Adauctus.
He was a noted liturgical scholar whose work had particular influence on the reform of Anglican liturgy in the mid-20th century.
On 24 July 1588, the three priests were drawn on hurdles to the place of execution, where they were hanged, drawn, and quartered.
His commemoration in the Anglican liturgical calendar is 2 December.
He is considered a martyr by the Roman Catholic Church, which beatified him on 13 May 1895.
Peter of Capitolias 7th century Christian saint.
He was born the son of a wealthy landowner in Egypt, and became a monk under Saint Jonas.
Pope Benedict XVI later approved her beatification which Cardinal José Saraiva Martins presided over on 18 March 2006 on the pope's behalf in the Bari Cathedral.
Saint Gaspare Luigi Bertoni was an Italian Roman Catholic priest and the founder of the Stigmatines.
She was canonised on 4 September 2016, and the anniversary of her death is her feast day.
The condition was that he make himself available to others on weekends.
He is the eponym of Faà di Bruno's formula.
He was born at Mézières-sur-Oise in the early 7th century.
He is called "King of the Graveyard."
As a bishop he was not permitted entry to China and was therefore appointed to the see of Irkutsk in 1727.
Saint Titian of Oderzo was a 7th-century bishop of Opitergium, in the Province of Treviso.
According to Gregory of Tours, Nectarius was one of the seven missionaries sent by Pope Fabian from Rome to Gaul to spread Christianity there.
Saint Joseph Freinademetz, S.V.D., was a Austrian Roman Catholic priest and missionary in China.
The Blessed Daniel Jules Alexis Brottier, C.S.Sp., was a French Roman Catholic priest in the Congregation of the Holy Spirit.
He is buried in La Seo Cathedral, Zaragoza.
Palladius was ordained a priest and, according to legend, gained the gift of prophecy.
Saint Joasaph of Belgorod September 1705 – 10 December 1754) was an 18th-century holy hierarch, bishop of Belgorod from 1748 until his death.
In their "Acts," this Placidus was confused with a saint of the same name who was a follower of St. Benedict.
She oversees deep secrets, ancient wisdom, the moon, sea shells, and the collective unconscious.
Born in the province of Lycia, the southern part of Asia Minor into a wealthy family.
Saint Theoclia is an Egyptian martyr and saint from the 4th century AD.
His historical importance as bishop is overshadowed by his reputation for posthumous miracle-working.
As Paisius toured Bulgaria as a mendicant friar, he brought his work, which was copied and spread among the Bulgarians.
Urciscenus was Bishop of Pavia, from around 183 until his death in 216.
When she was eleven years old, her father became severely ill and the girl offered her own life in exchange for his in her prayers.
The Order of Premontre claims his as one of theirs, due to his "rough white habit", and has him on its liturgical calendar as a "Blessed"
He also interested himself in searching out monastic rules.
She only gets cruel in possession, when people burn animals or humans.
Many were arrested under charges of treason and conspiracy, resulting in torture and execution.
Saint Diomedes of Tarsus is venerated as a Greek Christian saint and martyr, one of the Holy Unmercenaries.
Saint Maturinus, or Mathurin was a French exorcist and missionary venerated as a saint.
The Great Synaxaristes of the Orthodox Church mentions that saints Quintianus, Lucius and Julianus were martyred together with nineteen other Christians.
His patriarchate marks a new era in Armenian history.
Maximus is venerated in both the Eastern Orthodox and Roman Catholic Churches.
Albinus was beheaded by the Arians at Mainz and was a cephalophore.
Together with Anastasius, Anthony, and Julian they suffered martyrdom during the persecutions of Diocletian.
Titian devoted himself to his diocese, and was an opponent of Arianism.
While there, he wrote poems in honor of his predecessor St Felix and corresponded with other Christian leaders throughout the empire.
Andrew is commended for his austerity of life and boundless charity to the poor.
Lucius had Venustian, his wife, and his two sons beheaded at Assisi, and he had Sabinus beaten to death at Spoleto.
She was originally buried in Bicester, Oxfordshire but her relics were moved by papal decree to Flanders in Belgium in 1500.
He has been beatified by the Catholic Church.
Abippus is a saint of the Greek Orthodox Church.
In Novgorod she entered Monastery of Saints Peter and Paul.
He assumed the name Miguel upon his admittance into the order.
In her adult years, Olympias would later go to marry a nobleman called Nebridius who served as Prefect of Constantinople.
Philologus of Sinope is numbered among the Seventy Disciples, and is commemorated with them on January 4.
Born about 570 into a respected Qurayshi family of Mecca, Muhammad earned the title "al-Amin".
The first states that they were tossed against a great block of sandstone.
She became a disciple of Saint Maron.
From May to July each year, the image attracts millions of devotees from all over the country and abroad.
She then taught at a Catholic school of education in Speyer.
Until the 15th century it was celebrated at Asti on March 30, but it is now celebrated there on the first Tuesday in May.
To these conversions, Origen, an eyewitness, testifies in his Contra Celsum.
She was the daughter of Saint Philip the Deacon.
His name is attached to a letter sent to Pope Leo I by the delegates of the second Synod of Milan.
El Niño Fidencio was a famous Mexican curandero.
After losing her husband, she became very active in sheltering clandestine Roman Catholic priests, which was illegal in the reign of Queen Elizabeth I.
Blessed Michelina of Pesaro, T.O.S.F., was an Italian Roman Catholic Franciscan tertiary who was later beatified.
Both saints have 25 January as feast day.
She was known to be extremely beautiful, and attracted the notice of Diocletian.
He preached to them for two years but, in 782, the Saxons under Widukind, rebelled against Charlemagne and Willehad was forced to flee to Frisia.
He was baptized and ordained a deacon.
Gregory of Tours writes that Bracchio’s name meant “bear’s whelp” in the Germanic language.
Beornstan the Archdeacon also known as Byrnstan was a Dark Ages Catholic saint from Kent in Anglo-Saxon England.
Septimius Severus, passing through that region, had him put to death.
Saint Eskil was stoned to death, according to tradition, because he disrupted a holy ritual.
His relics became a focus of pilgrimage, but were removed from Nola between the 11th and 20th centuries.
According to Enwogion Cymru, Flewyn was a saint who lived in the early part of the sixth century.
Over a century later, in 1989, the proposal was put into effect and her canonization cause was opened.
Early Christians interpreted the life of Jesus in light of the references to the Messiah and to David; Jesus is described as being descended from David.
He was the spiritual instructor of Stephana de Quinzanis, and like her, an alleged stigmatic.
According to tradition, Memmius was a Roman citizen who was consecrated by Saint Peter and sent to Gaul to convert the people there to Christianity.
He made an effort to meet the conflict with the love of Jesus Christ and the message of the Gospel.
Saint Catherine of Palma was a Spanish nun canonised in 1930.
Jerome omits Firmilian from De viris illustribus.
Kaggwa is the patron of Catechists, Teachers and Families.
Gregory of Tours does not mention them, nor does the Hieronymian Martyrology, which was revised before 600 at Auxerre or Autun.
Méen of Brittany was a Breton saint, thought to be Cornish or Welsh in origin.
Poetry and statements from Nuri are narrated in popular Sufism.
She was canonized in the Roman Catholic Church in 1997.
Saint Anthony of Padua, born Fernando Martins de Bulhões, also known as Anthony of Lisbon, was a Portuguese Catholic priest and friar of the Franciscan Order.
Upon the accession of pro-Arian King Papas he returned to his see.
He was considered "one of the leading black New Yorkers of his day."
Romedius, however, had the bear bridled by his disciple David.
The legend of Saint Symphorosa is very similar and their acts may have been confused.
Padarn built a monastery in Vannes and is considered one of the seven founding saints of Brittany.
It is uncertain whether St. Valentine is to be identified as one saint or the conflation of two saints of the same name.
She was beatified on 18 September 2010 in Seville and a second miracle approved in 2015 paved the path for her eventual canonization.
They fled Gamnudi during a persecution for Pelusium.
Center for Basque Studies, University of Nevada, Reno.
In addition, she became a Christian mystic who suffered the stigmata, and has been canonized by the Catholic Church.
He is one of the group of Seven Apostolic Men, seven Christian clerics ordained in Rome by Saints Peter and Paul and sent to evangelize Spain.
Pope Paul VI beatified him in 1975 after the recognition of a miracle that was attributed to his intercession.
David Pendleton Oakerhater, also known as O-kuh-ha-tuh and Making Medicine, was a Cheyenne Indian warrior and spiritual leader, who became an artist and Episcopal deacon.
Saint Gregory of Dekapolis or Gregory Dekapolites was a 9th-century Byzantine monk, notable for his miracle-working and his travels across the Byzantine world.
From 1493, he ruled jointly with his brother Jovan, who later succeeded him when he took monastic vows in 1496.
Saint Germanus of Man, also known as Saint Germanus of Peel, was the first Bishop of the Isle of Man.
During this time, bishops were often required to be responsible for recruiting men for the imperial army.
When St Alkmund's, Shrewsbury became the property of Lilleshall Abbey about 1145, his body was probably translated back to Derby.
There was a rewriting of the work by Pachomius the Serb, which is usually more readily available.
On March 1, 2006, the Greek government passed a law allowing cremation.
Theotonius was an Augustinian canon and royal advisor.
In 1415, he became superior of the convent at Aguilera and, on the death of Pedro de Villacreces, the convent at Tribulos.
He then became bishop of Fano after being appointed to this position by Pope Sylvester I.
He was the First Capuchin to be interred into the Indian soil.
Fyodor Kuzmich, also Feodor Kozmich, Russian: Феодор Козьмич, Theodore of Tomsk, or Fomich was a Russian Orthodox starets.
Teoctist I, Metropolitan of Moldavia, anointed him prince.
Saint Euthymius the Great was an abbot in Palestine venerated in both Roman Catholic and Eastern Orthodox Churches.
And there Donnán and his community suffered martyrdom.
His martyrdom is also mentioned by the medieval Georgian and Armenian chronicles.
John was born in Brittany, in 1098 he joined Clairvaux, where he was professed by St. Bernard.
He is called "blessed" in the Eastern Orthodox Church, and some Chalcedonian and East Syrian Christians regard him as a saint.
Godomar then rallied the Burgundian army and won back his kingdom.
He may have been martyed at Urci.
Saint Olegarius Bonestruga was the Bishop of Barcelona from 1116 and Archbishop of Tarragona from 1118 until his death.
She was married at the age of fifteen to a nobleman and bore children by him.
In 2010 she was proclaimed to be Venerable after the recognition of her life of heroic virtue.
Born at Struppa, he had a reputation for holiness and zeal.
Hunger, also known as Hungerus Frisus, was Bishop of Utrecht from 854 to 866.
The date of his ordination is unknown; the College, at this time, was preparing for its move to Rheims, and record keeping was affected.
804, and a leading iconophile during the period of Byzantine Iconoclasm.
When Roman soldiers came to seize St. Amphibalus, Alban put on Amphibalus' robes and was punished in his place.
He was a disciple of Agatho the Silent.
Saint Margaret Clitherow is an English saint and martyr of the Roman Catholic Church, sometimes called "the Pearl of York".
The first to be exposed was Diocletian's butler, Peter, surnamed Cubicularius, who was strung up, his flesh torn from his bones.
She is often appealed to in order to help find lost keys.
Richeza of Lotharingia was a German noblewoman by birth, a member of the Ezzonen dynasty.
In the Roman Rite, his feast is on 28 August.
Her feast day is on January 19.
For the saint of the Limousin region, see Junian of Saint-Junien.
She protects gravestones in cemeteries if they are properly marked with a cross.
According to tradition, he defended Todi during a Gothic siege.
He has been declared a saint and his feast day is May 8.
Saint Bríga is venerated as foundress of the monastery of Oughter Ard in Ardclough County Kildare.
Saint Markella was an inhabitant of Chios, Greece who was canonized by the Greek Orthodox Church.
During her father's exile from Poitiers she and her mother remained there.
Thus, they were two among numerous members of the Merovingian royal house whose posthumous veneration was encouraged by the Catholic Church.
During Louis's childhood, Blanche dealt with the opposition of rebellious vassals and put an end to the Albigensian crusade which had started 20 years earlier.
He was the founder of the Daughters of the Most Holy Immaculate Virgin of Lourdes.
The saint is commemorated in the church and village of St Endellion which bear her name; Endellion being an Anglicised version of her name.
His prophecy that the Messiah would be born in the town of Bethlehem is cited in the Gospel of Matthew.
Pope Pius IX confirmed her cultus and beatified her on 1 October 1864.
She died at Saint-Sauveur-le-Vicomte on 4 March 1877.
Her feast day in the pre-1970 General Roman Calendar is October 21.
James Theodore Augustus Holly was the first African-American bishop in the Protestant Episcopal church, and spent most of his episcopal career as missionary bishop of Haiti.
He was one of the Twelve Apostles of Ireland.
Saint Aphian and Amfiano) is venerated as a martyr by the Catholic Church and by the Eastern Orthodox Church.
Saint Bertha or Saint Aldeberge was the queen of Kent whose influence led to the Christianization of Anglo-Saxon England.
Blessed Francesco Peleari was an Italian priest and a member of the Society of the Priests of Saint Giuseppe Benedetto Cottolengo.
Magloire, better known as Saint Magloire of Dol, is a Breton saint, one of a number attributed an origin the other side of the English Channel.
Hélène Marie Philippine de Chappotin de Neuville, known as the Blessed Mary of the Passion, F.M.M.
Pope Paul VI canonised her in 1970.
He was ordained a priest at age 24 and soon began to teach at the religious academies of San Giorgio Maggiore and Santa Maria ai Monte.
In 1939 he became a second vicar in Iwieniec.
Andrei I Yuryevich, commonly known under his sobriquet Andrei Bogolyubsky was Grand prince of Vladimir-Suzdal from 1157 till his death.
Bava Duzgı or Dızgun Bava is a popular character in Dersim Province.
Severinus of Noricum is a saint, known as the "Apostle to Noricum".
His cause for beatification commenced over a decade after his death and he became titled as Venerable in mid-1995.
He was an honorary member of the Romanian Academy.
He is one of the Twelve Prophets of the Jewish Hebrew Bible, also known as the Minor Prophets of the Christian Old Testament.
He is famous for saying, "I love God and God loves me".
The emperor came and checked the furnace at night, and he saw Theopemptus alive and praying.
On 27 May 1906 she and the other Carmelite Martyrs of Compiègne were beatified by Pope Pius X.
Ymar of Reculver was an Anglo-Saxon saint.
Saint Epimachus of Pelusium was an Egyptian martyr.
Venerable Ludovico Sabbatini was an Italian priest and religious educator, who was beatified by the Catholic Church in 1765.
They arrested him and threw him in prison.
The northern gate of the city, Bibbirria, is said to have been derived from a corruption of Libertine’s last words.
The people crowding about and seeing the suffering of the saints began to murmur loudly, and Aurelian gave orders to behead the martyrs immediately.
John Macías, O.P., was a Spanish-born Dominican laybrother who evangelized in Peru in 1620.
He is supposed to have converted after being raised from the dead by Saint Julian of Antioch.
These people were born, died, or lived their religious life in Brazil.
His commentaries on Scripture and on Aristotle form an important part of his body of work.
Auxentius of Mopsuestia was bishop of Mopsuestia, and is a saint in the Eastern Orthodox and Roman Catholic churches.
Victorinus' memorial day in both the Eastern and Western Churches is 2 November.
Sigismund and his brother Godomar were defeated in battle by Clovis' sons and Godomar fled.
He is also portrayed as leading a school of prophets known as "the sons of the prophets".
The third of these larger works is a refutation of the iconoclastic synod of 815.
Monte Cassino was a ruin, but there were a few hermits who had nevertheless remained there.
She spent the last half of her life teaching and serving the people of the Midwestern United States, then the western frontier of the nation.
He is venerated as a saint by the Roman Catholic Church, the Eastern Orthodox Church, and the Anglican Communion.
Tudwal is shown in iconography as a bishop holding a dragon, now the symbol of Tregor.
He was then taken to prison and died soon after of his wounds.
After the death of his wife, he became a monk and, according to some traditions, was later consecrated bishop of Busra.
He was proclaimed a Doctor of the Church on 16 January 1946.
After 1984 he returned to Mount Athos, occupying the same cell which he had earlier in life been forced to abandon.
The famed image once bore the inscription ''Negra Sum Sed Formosa".
Said Arts facilities of the School, known as the Admit Centre are, after school hours, available to be rented out privately to the public.
Pope John Paul II beatified Variara on 14 April 2002.
He is venerated as a saint in Roman Catholic and Eastern Orthodox churches.
Traditionally, his birthplace is given as Bullecourt, near Bapaume.
They also refused to sacrifice to the Roman gods and were put to death.
Zeno of Verona was either an early Christian Bishop of Verona or a martyr.
Her father, a farmer, died before she was born and her mother had fled to escape the invading French army led by Napoleon.
He subscribed the bull of Urban II on July 8, 1089 and is attested for the last time in the papal curia in September 1089.
The most controversial doctrine surrounding his name is the filioque, which has been rejected by the Orthodox Church.
Like Lyonesse, Dunwich, the centre of his diocese, was inundated by the flood that led to the destruction of Lyonesse.
He spent his youth with his uncle Gunther, Archbishop of Cologne.
He was remembered after his death as a tireless preacher and evangelizer.
Spanish - Fe, Esperanza, Caridad y su madre Sofía
Some sources refer to his servant as being Saint Cian.
He remarked, "Now she is with her God."
She is said to be able to cure infertility in women, and cowrie shells represent her wealth.
He was ordained as a priest while serving there and made it his mission to provide both relief and consolation.
He is venerated as a saint by the Catholic Church.
Blessed Giovanni Battista Righi was an Italian Roman Catholic priest and a professed member from the Order of Friars Minor.
By the time he died in 632, his teachings had won the acceptance of Islam by almost all the tribes of the Arabian Peninsula.
He is revered as a saint by the Georgian Orthodox Church.
Baronius uses the descriptive Episcopi Illyrici in his Roman Martyrology, since he consulted the Greek source.
Blaise, was a physician, and bishop of Sebastea in historical Armenia.
He was educated at Oxford, where in 1516 he took the degree of Master of Arts, and subsequently acquired a doctorate in theology.
I said to them: "The Lord said: 'Judge not, that ye be not judged.'
Anicius Manlius Severinus Boëthius, commonly called Boethius, was a Roman senator, consul, magister officiorum, and philosopher of the early 6th century.
He went to the Byzantine capital on a visit to his fellow, Patriarch Callistus I, who consequently wrote a long passional about Theodosius.
Originally from Mesopotamia, David became a monk at the Monastery of Saints Merkourios and Theodore outside Thessaloniki.
The Catholic, Anglican, Lutheran, Oriental Orthodox, Eastern Orthodox Churches, and the Church of the East venerate Stephen as a saint.
He was a famous ascetic as well as an erudite theologian and philosopher.
John William Coltrane, also known as "Trane", was an American jazz saxophonist and composer.
He was one of the first humanist figures to appear in southern Croatia.
In recognition of his murder Pope Paul VI beatified him on 24 March 1974.
Ansovinus refused to accept this office until Louis was agreed that his see be kept exempt from the recruitment of the locals into the soldiery.
He proceeded to write a letter, known as Letter 126, which questioned Gerard's reasons for supporting Anacletus.
Their traditional date of death is 120.
He is recognized as a saint in the Eastern Orthodox and the Catholic Church.
Thomas Atkinson was an English Roman Catholic priest.
Bruno's effect on medieval Cologne was immense.
So, after having set her siblings in a decorous place, she surrendered herself totally to God.
He has been honored as a saint but has never been formally canonized.
Saint Anne, of David's house and line, was the mother of Mary and grandmother of Jesus according to apocryphal Christian and Islamic tradition.
After painstaking investigation, he was beatified by Pope John Paul II on June 27, 2001.
He is a Catholic and Orthodox saint.
According to Christian legend, she was forced to pay tribute to a stone statue of Jupiter but it was destroyed while she stood before it.
St. Jerome considered him one of the most eloquent Church figures of the era.
Saint Eigron was a pre-congregational saint of medieval, South Wales.
According to Connelly, his surrender was not complete, and did not satisfy the judge, since he was not released but merely remanded for a second trial.
She was a daughter of King Offa of Mercia.
He was killed in Frisia in 754, along with 52 others.
After a series of civil wars, Ladislaus's main focus was the restoration of public safety.
His feast day is October 4 in the Eastern Orthodox, Byzantine Catholic, and Roman Catholic Churches.
