Two singles were released from the album "Sleeping" and "Keep It Turned On".
Honda became the second-largest Japanese automobile manufacturer in 2001.
Norah Jones is an American singer, songwriter and actress.
The next generations, the M35/45 and M37/56/35h/30d, became the flagship of the Infiniti brand and are based on the JDM Nissan Fuga.
She is also one of Malaysia's best selling artists, for instance, her album sales alone contributed to 10 percent of Malaysia's total album sales in 2001.
The BMW X6 is a mid-size luxury crossover by German automaker BMW.
Deliveries to retail customers in the United States and Canada began in December 2013.
It is mechanically similar to the Peugeot 308, which was launched in 2007.
The Pilot seats eight, while the MDX seats seven, with two seating positions in the third row.
He represented Turkey at the Eurovision Song Contest 2007 in Helsinki, where he was placed fourth, with 163 points.
In 2014, assembly from complete knockdown kits of the XJ would commence in Jaguar Land Rover's facility in Pune, India.
Four acts - Carlos Vives, Diomedes Díaz, Juancho Rois and Shakira - appear more than once in the list.
In 2003, they were ranked 58 on a list of the top 100 Japanese pop musicians by HMV Japan.
Originally a 9-member group, in 2012 they became a trio, consisting of Park Yong-in, Jo Hyunah and Kwon Soon-il.
The team also finished runners-up in the 2011 CLT20, losing the final against the Mumbai Indians.
The game's mid-1980s release served to further popularize the side-scrolling subgenre of the already popular platform video game genre of the early 1980s.
All seating rows are arranged in a "theatre style", whereby the first row is the lowest and the last row is the highest.
For 2005, the van was redesigned with a higher, less aerodynamic nose to resemble an SUV.
Nugent initially gained fame as the lead guitarist of the Amboy Dukes, a band formed in 1963 that played psychedelic rock and hard rock.
Jung SanJanuary 23, 1985), more commonly known by his stage name San E, is a South Korean rapper contracted under Brand New Music.
The video was promoting the box-set Anthology and was released in the fall of 1998.
The band broke up in 2010, with the band members seeking out new opportunities.
Though largely identical in exterior and interior design, the GS and the Aristo differed in their engine and transmission combinations as well as equipment packages.
Although sales estimates for Thriller have been as high as 120 million copies, these sales figures are unreliable.
It is the first member of the Gondwana-distributed family Parastacidae to be found in the Northern Hemisphere, and is the only species in the genus Aenigmastacus.
The announcement stated that the band would honor its current commitments until the end of its performance calendar in December 2015.
Ana Carolina Sousa is a Brazilian singer, composer, and musician.
In addition to the present lineup, former guitarist Takashi Omori had worked in the band until 2001.
Blackout is the eighth studio album by German rock band Scorpions, released in 1982 on EMI Records Germany and Mercury Records.
The mission of the Lottery is to produce the maximum amount of revenue possible for Kansas, while insuring the integrity of its games.
However, that was under the old EPA standards.
The first game encompassed three fictional cities, while subsequent titles tend to emphasise a single setting.
On September 27, 2011 he released his debut solo mini album, Turn Me On with "Yesterday" as its title track.
The Marvel Entertainment subsidiary was incorporated on January 25, 2008 to direct Marvel's efforts in animation and home entertainment markets.
The C6 was intended as a replacement for the XM, and Citroën was intent on launching it before the end of 2000.
The name CL stands for the German Coupé Leicht or Coupé Luxusklasse
Since then she has released seven albums and multiple singles.
This is the list of the 100 best-selling certified singles in Finland, according to Musiikkituottajat – IFPI Finland.
In March 2012, Encyclopædia Britannica, Inc. announced it would no longer publish printed editions, and would focus instead on Encyclopædia Britannica Online.
The Chevrolet Suburban is a full-size, extended-length sport utility vehicle from Chevrolet.
Its design was inspired by the concept car Citroën DS Inside.
All albums included on this list have their available claimed figures supported by at least 30% in certified copies.
Before 1993, Mercedes-Benz offered the same category of car under a non-unified naming structure.
This list can contain any types of albums, including studio albums, greatest hits, compilations, various artists, soundtracks and remixes.
On January 31, 2017, it was announced that leader Sunggu would be leaving the group.
Honda has participated in Formula One, as an entrant, constructor and engine supplier, for various periods since 1964.
The criteria are that the figure must have been published by a reliable source and the album must have sold at least 20 million copies worldwide.
Kubota has pioneered in the sound "Japanese hip hop" and "Japanese soul", an amalgam of funk, pop, R&B and go that has influenced many other musicians.
It introduced many Mercedes-Benz safety innovations, including the first seatbelt pretensioners.
Seven the Hard Way is Pat Benatar's sixth studio album, and her seventh album overall, released in 1985.
The encyclopaedia grew in size: the second edition was 10 volumes, and by its fourth edition it had expanded to 20 volumes.
With a reported 40 million records sold, they were the first Japanese act to headline at Madison Square Garden.
The C4 was designed to be the successor to the Citroën Xsara.
In 2012, the Buick LaCrosse had become Buick's flagship model.
Named for elegant financial and cultural center Lucerne, Switzerland, it served as Buick's top of the line model until replaced by the second generation Buick LaCrosse.
Girls, Girls, Girls is the fourth studio album by American heavy metal band Mötley Crüe, released on May 15, 1987.
Volkswagen Group of America, Inc., is the North American operational headquarters, and subsidiary of the Volkswagen Group of automobile companies of Germany.
The latest, third-generation, LX 570 debuted at the New York International Auto Show in April 2007 as a complete redesign for the 2008 model year.
Singer-songwriter Woolford was always affiliated with the group and composed all selections on subsequent releases.
Kubota released "The Baddest: Hit Parade" in November 2011, which peaked at number two.
Like other secular crises, the conflict grew from seeds planted a generation before, in this case during the Transcendental Awakening: a sudden change of societal values.
Three generations have been produced, all based heavily on the long-running Toyota Land Cruiser SUVs.
Australian production ceased in 2008 and since that time the company has been exclusively a vehicle importer.
During his career, Hirai has released 32 singles and 11 albums until October 2010.
She writes, composes and produces her own songs and music videos.
Katharine Hope McPhee is an American actress, singer and songwriter.
The protagonist of the series is an anthropomorphic blue hedgehog named Sonic, whose peaceful life is often interrupted by the series' main antagonist, Doctor Eggman.
In September 1986, his debut album, Shake It Paradise, peaked at number twenty-two and remained on the Oricon Albums Chart for seven consecutive weeks.
By the late 1970s, Chrysler was on the verge of bankruptcy.
In Japan, it filled a gap when the Honda Horizon was discontinued in 1999.
Released on 16 October 2001, the album reached number 19 on the UK Albums Chart and number four on the US Billboard 200 albums chart.
With a reported 40 million records sold, they were the first Japanese act to headline at Madison Square Garden.
In 2008 she finished as the runner-up of the first series of Italian talent show X Factor.
The Kansas Lottery offers $1, $2, $5, $10, and $20 scratch tickets, plus $1 and $2 instant "pull-tab" games.
TL sales have been negatively affected by both the recession as well as negative publicity due to styling issues in the latest generation.
In 2015 Officer's Choice overtook Smirnoff vodka to become the world's largest selling spirit brand.
Toshinobu Kubota has produced six million-seller records and thirty-three Top 40 singles during his career.
Such albums have the certifications for the number of copies shipped indicated.
The Honda Pilot is a mid-size crossover SUV manufactured by Honda and introduced in 2002.
This is the discography for Canadian hard rock group The Tea Party.
The figures given do not take into account the resale of used albums.
From 1946 to 1968, Mercury sold the Mercury M-Series in Canada; during the 2000s, Lincoln sold the Lincoln Blackwood, replaced by the Lincoln Mark LT.
The duo released their debut album Three Hundred in summer 1999.
The third generation was launched in 2007.
In her career she has recorded and sung in multiple languages, including Malaysian, Javanese, English, Mandarin, Arabic, Urdu and Japanese.
Wind & Wuthering is the eighth studio album by English progressive rock band Genesis.
In 1985, Kubota signed with Sony Japan and began producing and writing songs for many of label's singers and groups.
Through its affiliate organisations, Spar operates in most European countries, parts of Africa, Asia and Oceania.
A concept truck was re-badged as the Street Raider and designed by Mitsubishi's California design studio.
She has staged many memorable appearances at Bruno Coquatrix' famous Paris Olympia.
The first number-one song on the Oricon Singles Chart was "Kitaguni no Futari" by Jackey Yoshikawa and his Blue Comets on November 2, 1967.
The album became a multi-platinum record and won two Awit Awards.
The North American variant of the Ford Escort is a small family/compact car introduced by Ford in 1980 for the 1981 model year.
Currently, she has been listed as one of Malaysia's richest, most-influential, most award-winning, most single-produced artists.
Albums are listed in order of number of copies sold and thereafter by the artist's first name.
Despite some reasonably favorable reviews on its release, the Endeavor's performance in the marketplace failed to meet Mitsubishi's expectations.
It was introduced to Hong Kong in 1991, Mexico in 2004, China in 2006, Russia in 2014 and Kuwait in 2015.
This list was made public in a prime-time nationwide broadcast on M6 on February 6, 2004.
The nameplate Cressida derives from the female Trojan character.
It is written by about 100 full-time editors and more than 4,000 contributors, who have included 110 Nobel Prize winners and five American presidents.
In May 2014, Fiat Chrysler Automobiles, NV was established by merging Fiat S.p.A. into the company.
Now in its fourth generation, the GS sold under the Aristo name in Japan only until the release of the third generation in 2005.
Certified copies are sourced from available online databases of local music industry associations.
The company also certifies albums and music videos based on unit sales and compiles the country's music chart.
Rudolf Schenker could not choose between his guitar solos on "China White", so the US and European releases differed in this small detail.
His eighth studio album, 50, was released in June 2016.
The album featured the single "Had It All", which peaked at No.
Mercedes was a brand of DMG started in 1901.
The TL was Acura's best-selling model until it was outsold by the MDX in 2007.
With its QX60 crossover Infiniti began to produce vehicle outside Japan.
To date, she has sold more than 4.9 million in record sales.
Along with its luxury version, the Lincoln MKX, they are both assembled at Ford's Oakville, Ontario, Canada assembly plant.
The criteria are that the figure must have been published by a reliable source and the album must have sold at least 20 million copies worldwide.
It was formed in 1999 by Joel Silver, Robert Zemeckis, and Gilbert Adler.
The BMW 5 Series is an executive car manufactured by German automaker BMW since 1972.
It included the UK number one singles "Pure Shores" and "Black Coffee".
The XL1 was released to retail customers in Germany in June 2014.
This is a list of the best-selling albums of the 2000s, based on IFPI certification and Nielsen SoundScan sales tracking.
In 1968 Original Confidence was established and began providing music charts to the general public with data collected from various retailers throughout Japan.
Skillet went through several line-up changes early in their career, leaving founder John Cooper as the only original member remaining in the band.
While most variants of the F-Series trucks are full-size pickup trucks, the F-Series also includes chassis cab trucks and commercial vehicles.
This article describes the works of Henry Rollins.
She is signed to YMC Entertainment in South Korea and Warner Music in Japan.
The Doors became one of the most popular rock bands of their era.
Their albums have sold over 10 million copies.
Kwon Jin-ah is a South Korean singer, songwriter and guitarist.
Still Loving You is a compilation album by the German hard rock band Scorpions.
For the first time since 1960, the Lincoln Mark Series was produced in multiple bodystyles.
Dato', or occasionally Datin Sri, Siti Nurhaliza binti Tarudin DIMP, JSM, SAP, PMP, AAP is a Malaysian singer and businesswoman.
The Peugeot 308 is a small family car produced by the French car manufacturer Peugeot.
The Alero was Oldsmobile's last compact car and was the last Oldsmobile built, the final car left the Lansing Assembly Plant on April 29th, 2004.
They are also the first group in the world to release their album in a digital disc format.
Denise left for a solo career in 1978 and youngest sister Coleen, who had previously made occasional appearances, became a full-time member in 1980, replacing Anne.
However, newer albums, such as 21 and Come Away with Me, are expected to have their claimed figures supported by at least 70% in certified copies.
Elisa Toffoli is an Italian singer-songwriter, performing under the mononym Elisa.
Formed in 2000, the band consists of Jesse Lacey, Vincent Accardi, Garrett Tierney, and Brian Lane.
Exterior and Interior is highly similar to Mitsubishi Dion which is an SUV sold in Japan
The touring body style was added in 1991 and the 5-door hatchback was added in 2009.
In March 2012, Encyclopædia Britannica, Inc. announced it would no longer publish printed editions, and would focus instead on Encyclopædia Britannica Online.
The album, like its predecessors, peaked at number one and became certified million.
Mitsubishi did not produce any 2009 Endeavor models for the retail market.
The Continental Mark VI is a full-size luxury car that was produced by Ford Motor Company and marketed by its Lincoln division from 1980 to 1983.
This is a list of the best selling albums by country based on the information and certifications provided by the respective national charts.
Oy Nautor AB is a Finnish producer of luxury sailing yachts, based in Jakobstad.
The list is split between physical singles and digitally downloaded tracks which first became available to purchase in the early 2000s.
During 2009 the UK Subsidiary was renamed MG Motor UK.
It was founded by Carcass guitarist Michael Amott along with Johan Liiva, who were both originally from the influential death metal band Carnage.
Shin-Soo Choo is a South Korean professional baseball right fielder for the Texas Rangers of Major League Baseball.
She is best known as the main vocalist of the South Korean girl group Apink.
On some covers, the clover is easy to spot while its appearance is more subtle on others.
Park Bom, better known by the mononym Bom, is a South Korean singer.
Sneaker Dancer is the seventh studio album by Japanese singer-songwriter Yosui Inoue, released in September 1979.
This is the discography of the South Korean boy band SG Wannabe.
Chrysler struggled through the 1970s to adapt to changing markets, increased US import competition, and safety and environmental regulation.
The Dodge Avenger was a front-wheel drive, mid-sized sedan that was built by Dodge.
Data as of 2007 indicates that Japan has the second largest music market in the world, but it is the largest in Asia.
In 2017, the air ambulance service ceased with Ambulance Victoria releasing a helicopter for dedicated police duty.
The album peaked at number one and was certified million.
The Lexus GX is a luxury mid-size sport utility vehicle sold in North American and Eurasian markets by Lexus.
She has about 6 million copies sold worldwide, with six albums released between 1991 and 2002.
This is a list of the best selling albums by country based on the information and certifications provided by the respective national charts.
She was listed second by MTV Asia in Asia's Best Musical Artiste  and Channel V's Biggest Asian Artiste in 2005.
Universal planned to release the film on August 29, 2014, but the studio pulled it from the schedule in favor of As Above, So Below.
After the release of On My Way Here, Aiken and RCA parted ways and he signed with Universal Music's Decca Records.
In "Feeling That Way", Perry dueted with keyboardist Gregg Rolie, who sings lead vocals on "Anytime".
Such albums have the certifications for the number of copies shipped indicated.
The third-generation models were the first GS sedans to be sold domestically in Japan.
The XLR was nominated for the North American Car of the Year award for 2004.The XLR replaced the Allante.
Front-wheel drive was standard, with all-wheel drive as an option.
The group disbanded in 2005, with Maureen Nolan having been a permanent member for 31 years.
3 on the Billboard 200 and was certified platinum in the United States and Canada.
The W211 development program commenced in 1997, with design work starting later on.
In her career she has recorded and sung in multiple languages, including Malaysian, Javanese, English, Mandarin, Arabic, Urdu and Japanese.
In 2008, Ford produced 5.532 million automobiles and employed about 213,000 employees at around 90 plants and facilities worldwide.
Her nicknames include the "Queen of Turkish Pop" and Minik Serçe.
All albums listed here have sold over 400,000 copies.
In 1962, Tokushin music reports was founded and became the leading provider of music sales in Japan.
In Iowa, he settled down and began working intently on his musical career, exploring the electronic keyboard; making samples and sounds… and developing his unique style.
Ikiteitemo Iidesuka is a seventh studio album by a Japanese singer-songwriter Miyuki Nakajima, released in April 1980.
The Lexus GS is a mid-size luxury car sold by Lexus, the luxury division of Toyota.
Named for elegant financial and cultural center Lucerne, Switzerland, it served as Buick's top of the line model until replaced by the second generation Buick LaCrosse.
The Dope discography consists of six studio albums, one compilation album and 11 singles.
Apart from Lipovský-Vyskočáni both recognized as her regular tandem, for some of new lyrics also Horáček was credited.
The album has won a number of awards since its release, including the Grammy Award for Best Pop Vocal Album at the 51st annual ceremony.
Following The Red, they released their second EP, The Velvet, on March 17, 2016, which showed a more mature, R&B-influenced musical style.
In 2009, he contributed a soundtrack from Bad Girl OST named "Lonely Girl" with Kim Hyung-jun.
The group first major release, the EP Born to Beat, was released on March 21, 2012.
This is a list of the best selling albums by country based on the information and certifications provided by the respective national charts.
The album was certified gold in that country by the British Phonographic Industry, as well as being certified gold and platinum in several other countries.
The game is also the first Mario sidescroller to have up to four player multiplayer.
The song only featured the three remaining members CL, Bom, and Dara since Minzy already left YG Entertainment in May 2016.
This is the list of the 100 best-selling certified singles in Finland, according to Musiikkituottajat – IFPI Finland.
Her self-titled debut album was released on RCA Records on January 30, 2007, and debuted at number two on the Billboard 200, selling 381,000 copies.
Shout at the Devil is the second studio album by American heavy metal band Mötley Crüe, released on September 26, 1983.
His nicknames include "The Prince of Romantic Music".
Besides musical awards, she has various other achievements under her belt.
As a result, Chrysler was sold to Cerberus Capital Management and renamed Chrysler LLC in 2007.
This is a list of the 100 best-selling singles in France during the 1990s.
Selling almost 200,000 copies, The Sentimental Chord was the best-selling album of 2007 in Korea.
Monkey Majik is signed to Binyl Records, a subsidiary of Avex Records.
The album spawned the top-five hit "Yoru ni Dakarete".
The joint venture is made up of equity from - Volkswagen AG, Volkswagen Invest, SAIC, with a fixed-term venture for 45 years.
The Airwave was built on the Global Small Car platform; however, unlike the City and Fit, the Airwave was unique to the Japanese market.
Before 1993, Mercedes-Benz offered the same category of car under a non-unified naming structure.
Her second album, Unbroken, was released on Verve Forecast Records on January 5, 2010, and debuted at No.
"Mabel Matiz" reflects his point of view about the world and life.
Ikimono-gakari is a Japanese pop rock band from Kanagawa Prefecture, Japan.
Ford is the second-largest U.S.-based automaker and the fifth-largest in the world based on 2015 vehicle production.
The Lexus RX is a mid-size luxury crossover SUV sold since 1998 by Lexus, the luxury division of Toyota.
On December 20, 2005, the eK Classy was discontinued.
He replaced Ian Todd who, after three-and-a-half years as head, took up a position at the University of Cumbria in January 2010.
Note on versions post-2002: The album tracks are from the 2002 remasters, for which Blizzard of Ozz and Diary of a Madman were partially re-recorded.
Sonic the Hedgehog is a video game franchise created and produced by Sega.
It was assembled at the Toledo North Assembly Plant in the United States, as well as in other countries including Egypt and Venezuela.
Follow-up single "Warwick Avenue" was another successful single, whilst "Stepping Stone" and "Rain on Your Parade" did not replicate the earlier success.
The group's name is an abbreviation for Urban+Zappy+Kaleidoscopic+Passionate.
The criteria are that the figure must have been published by a reliable source and the album must have sold at least 20 million copies worldwide.
Between 1979 and 1982, the group had seven UK top 20 hits, including "Gotta Pull Myself Together" "Who's Gonna Rock You", "Attention to Me" and "Chemistry".
Through its affiliate organisations, Spar operates in most European countries, parts of Africa, Asia and Oceania.
On June 30, 2017, FNC confirmed the departure of Choa from the group.
In China, the Dingo is license-built and marketed as the Hafei Saima since April 2001.
The 207 was replaced by the Peugeot 208 in April 2012.
The Lexus LX is a full-size luxury sport utility vehicle sold by Lexus since January 1996 having entered manufacture in November 1995.
She was nominated for the Grammy Latino by her second record production.
The following lists detail the discography of Southern All Stars.
The song was also a worldwide number one hit, topping the charts in 24 other countries, including the U.S., Australia, and Germany.
The name Tahoe refers to the rugged and scenic area surrounding Lake Tahoe in the western United States.
They have collaborated with other artists for their album and promotional releases.
Her first full-length studio album of all-new material since 2003, How Mercy Looks from Here, was released on May 14, 2013.
Following the 2008 economic recession, GM discontinued the Pontiac Division.
They returned in 1983 as an engine supplier, a role that ended in 1992.
In 2011, T-ara won Best Music Video at the 3rd Melon Music Awards for their number-one single of the year, "Roly-Poly".
The Lottery sponsors several races at the Kansas Speedway, including the Kansas Lottery 150 and the Kansas Lottery 300.
Duffy worked with several producers and writers on the album, including Bernard Butler, Steve Booker, Jimmy Hogarth and Eg White.
It also reached the Top 10 in France and Italy, the Top 20 in Canada and the Top 30 in several European countries.
The Tea Party is a Canadian rock band with blues, progressive rock, Indian and Middle Eastern influences, dubbed "Moroccan roll" by the media.
Waiting for the Sun was the first Doors album to chart in the United Kingdom, where it peaked inside the Top 20.
The Ford Edge is a Midsize crossover SUV that is manufactured by Ford Motor Company.
The production also garnered four Drama Desk Awards, while its original cast album received a Grammy Award.
Following this success, the band released their third effort through The Invisible Band album.
In many countries, commercial toys must be able to pass safety tests in order to be sold.
The first disc contains songs from previous album Reino de Tormentas and EP La Distancia, the second disc contains Behind the Scenes material.
Albums are listed in order of number of copies sold and thereafter by the artist's first name.
All of the albums are from national artists, except for Rocío Dúrcal, who is Spanish.
The Town Car nameplate first appeared as a sub-model of the Continental in 1959, later becoming a trim line during the 1970s.
The group officially debuted on March 19, 2015 with the extended play First Love.
Initially, most of the company's films were mostly critically panned, however recently their film Splice has received better reviews by critics.
A redesigned version of the car was shown at the 2012 Paris Motor Show on 27 September 2012 and was on sale in Europe by November.
They were also generally well received by critics.
Her music became one of his main influences.
Since model year 1999, Honda has marketed a larger Odyssey in North America and a smaller Odyssey in Japan and other markets.
In addition, the band has had two Latin Grammy nominations.
The Lexus GX is a luxury mid-size sport utility vehicle sold in North American and Eurasian markets by Lexus.
She is best known as a member of the South Korean girl group 2NE1.
Victoria's Secret is an American designer, manufacturer, and marketer of women's premium lingerie, womenswear, and beauty products.
1 hits, as well as gold and platinum records.
In 1994, he relocated to New York in the United States of America and began working on upcoming album.
The album's first single, "Over It", was a Pop Top 30 hit and was certified gold in 2008.
Further singles "Move Right Out" and "Never Knew Love" were less successful.
Featured artists included Tech N9ne, Young Buck, Paul Wall and Rich The Factor.
In a related deal, the Suzuki Futura is offered in Indonesia as the Colt T120SS.
BlackBerry was considered one of the most prominent smartphone vendors in the world, specializing in secure communications and mobile productivity.
The car went on sale two years later in Europe, and in 1997 in the US.
The Lexus GS is a mid-size luxury car sold by Lexus, the luxury division of Toyota.
The album charted at number three, selling over 33,000 copies in its first week of release.
The Mariners selected Rodriguez first overall in the 1993 MLB draft, and he debuted in the major leagues the following year at the age of 18.
The E24 was launched in 1976 to replace the 3.0CS & 3.0CSi.
After the release of their first album, the duo signed with the Kansas City-based label, Strange Music.
The label For Life Music Entertainment stated that Golden Best album has sold more than 2.06 million copies up to late 2008.
It peaked at number 13 on the Billboard 200.
The resultant scandal culminated in Nissan acquiring a controlling interest in MMC the following month.
Mitsubishi Motors Australia Limited is a fully owned subsidiary of parent company Mitsubishi Motors Corporation of Japan.
Its best known brands are Ray-Ban, Persol, and Oakley.
The Mercedes-Benz R-Class is a luxury multi-purpose vehicle introduced by Mercedes-Benz for the 2006 model year.
VWoA is responsible for five marques: Audi, Bentley, Bugatti, Lamborghini, and Volkswagen cars.
In 2015, BlackBerry re-focused its business strategy and began to release Android-based smartphones, beginning with the BlackBerry Priv slider and then the BlackBerry DTEK50.
Follow-up single "Warwick Avenue" was another successful single, whilst "Stepping Stone" and "Rain on Your Parade" did not replicate the earlier success.
After facing financial obstacles in getting their bands' music into stores, Drive-Thru entered into a distribution deal with MCA/Universal.
It was available primarily as a 40-foot long, 102-inch wide coach, although 16 60-foot long articulated Classics were manufactured.
Over their career, they have found success incorporating elements of heavy metal, hardcore punk, pop, funk, hip hop and ska into their sound.
The following is a comprehensive discography of Ministry, an influential American industrial metal band.
As a result, her congressional campaign did not take place.
Sales figures records in most countries are not available before the 1990s, so it is difficult to accurately determine best-selling records, either by country or worldwide.
Dato', or occasionally Datin Sri, Siti Nurhaliza binti Tarudin DIMP, JSM, SAP, PMP, AAP is a Malaysian singer and businesswoman.
However, it wasn't until her eighth studio album Heart in Motion that Grant made a breakthrough into mainstream music.
Elemental was the last album that Tears For Fears recorded for the Phonogram/Mercury label, to which the band had been signed since 1981.
The Town Car nameplate first appeared as a sub-model of the Continental in 1959, later becoming a trim line during the 1970s.
The Nolans are an Irish girl group who formed in 1974 as The Nolan Sisters, before changing their name in 1980.
The Chevrolet Suburban is a full-size, extended-length sport utility vehicle from Chevrolet.
Michael Jackson's Thriller, estimated to have sold 65 million copies worldwide, is the best-selling album.
The Shadow Side is the debut studio album by American singer Andy Black.
The rear bench is split 50-50, with each section able to be slid forwards or backwards individually.
On March 11, 2017 AOA held their first Korean solo concert "Ace Of Angels" at Olympic Hall in Seoul.
Apart from the sound, she also endorsed a new image for the release going from an innocent girl to an edgier and more sexual look.
The Dodge Avenger made its North American debut in 1994 as a two-door coupe, which was produced until 2000.
The Ford Windsor engine is a series of automobile V8 engines built by the Ford Motor Company beginning in July 1961.
Type-S versions of the RSX, CL, and TL were added to the brand's lineup during that decade.
Although sales estimates for Thriller have been as high as 120 million copies, these sales figures are unreliable.
Sales figures are not released during the season for these album so all numbers are for sales after the season is over.
With 2012 sales of $6.12 billion, it is the largest American retailer of women's lingerie.
The Ford Mustang is an American automobile manufactured by Ford.
It is built on the same chassis as used on the Toyota Camry.
Park's first mini album, Take a Deeper Look, released in 2011, went multi-platinum in South Korea.
Hybrid transaxles are built at the Kokura plant in Kitakyushu, Fukuoka since 2009.
The Ford Expedition is a fullsize SUV that is made by Ford Motor Company.
Lincoln had hoped to sell 13,000 Mark LTs annually in the United States.
This list can contain any types of albums, including studio albums, greatest hits, compilations, various artists, soundtracks and remixes.
Her self-titled debut album was released on RCA Records on January 30, 2007, and debuted at number two on the Billboard 200, selling 381,000 copies.
For the sixth generation, the coupe and convertible models were spun off to create the new BMW 4 Series nameplate.
The Mountaineer has been praised for its excellent handling and stability.
A ¾-ton chassis vehicle, the Ford Excursion was designed as a competitor for the 2500-series Chevrolet Suburban and GMC Yukon XL.
It was released in the United States by Mercury Records.
The first iteration was the M30 Coupe/Convertible, which were rebadged JDM Nissan Leopard.
The album was also number one on the "Top 20 Album Sales" with 44,618 copies sold in May and 125,450 sold altogether.
The Dodge Omni and Plymouth Horizon were subcompact cars produced by Chrysler from December 1977 to 1990.
The fourth generation Honda CR-V was launched for the 2012 model year.
Despite their potential benefits, market penetration of plug-in electric vehicles has been slower than expected as adoption faces several hurdles and limitations.
The mission of the Lottery is to produce the maximum amount of revenue possible for Kansas, while insuring the integrity of its games.
The criteria are that the figure must have been published by a reliable source and the album must have sold at least 20 million copies worldwide.
In 1926 Daimler Motoren Gesellschaft and Benz & Cie. merged forming Daimler-Benz and selling the Mercedes-Benz line of vehicles.
The group also lists panel survey-based popularity ratings for television commercials on its official website.
In Japan, the Pajero was sold at a specific retail chain called "Car Plaza".
Over the next few years, Fiat gradually acquired the other parties' shares while removing much of the weight of the loans in a short period.
This situation changed when GMC rebadged the full-size Jimmy as the Yukon in 1991.
Four acts - Carlos Vives, Diomedes Díaz, Juancho Rois and Shakira - appear more than once in the list.
Her second album, Unbroken, was released on Verve Forecast Records on January 5, 2010, and debuted at No.
The SEAT Mii and Škoda Citigo are rebadged versions of the Up, with slightly different front and rear fascias, and are manufactured in the same factory.
The antagonists are commonly characters who have betrayed the protagonist or his organisation, or characters who have the most impact impeding the protagonist's progress.
By the end of production, only 2,050 units had been sold.
With 2012 sales of $6.12 billion, it is the largest American retailer of women's lingerie.
Her self-titled debut album was released on RCA Records on January 30, 2007, and debuted at number two on the Billboard 200, selling 381,000 copies.
Its appearance is similar to the Alfa Romeo 164, launched the same year and also styled by Pininfarina.
Dmitry Aleksandrovich Koldun is a pop singer from Minsk, Belarus.
Japan has the second largest music market in the world.
It features his former bandmate Taeko Onuki on lead vocals, and its lyrics were written in Japanese by her.
L.A. Woman was certified gold and platinum in several different countries.
Kansas' newest draw game is the multi-state Lucky for Life, whose earliest version was a Connecticut-only game.
In addition, in many countries certification is for shipments of a record to retailers, rather than actual sales.
Jackson also currently has the highest number of albums on the list with five, while The Beatles and Madonna each have three.
The following is the discography of the American rock band The Doors.
Today's EPA standards reduced the estimates to 49 City/61 Highway/53 Combined.
The single was a recycled Stock, Aitken, Waterman song, originally recorded by O'Chi Brown in 1985.
The series also has elements of the earlier beat 'em up games from the 16-bit era.
On the junior's building stands the school's distinctive chimney.
This list can contain any types of albums, including studio albums, greatest hits, compilations, various artists, soundtracks and remixes.
All albums included on this list have their available claimed figures supported by at least 30% in certified copies.
The CLS slots above the E-Class and below the S-Class.
It was originally incorporated as Sony Ericsson, until Sony acquired Ericsson's share in the venture on February 16, 2012.
He also voiced Prince Hans in the Swedish dub of Disney's "Frozen".
The DTS remained in production until 2011.
Units sold include physical copies and digital downloads.
From 1986 to 2011, production was located at the St. Thomas Assembly Plant in Southwold, Ontario, Canada.
Mercedes was a brand of DMG started in 1901.
The only current Z model is the second generation of the Z4 series.
Despite this, The Soft Parade became the band's fourth straight Top 10 album and it produced their third most successful single, "Touch Me".
This is the list of best-selling artists in South Korea.
The marque returned to competitive motorsport in 2012, and won the 2014 British Touring Car Manufacturers Championship.
After finishing high school in 2012, Oh Hyuk moved to South Korea on his own to pursue music full-time away from his parents' strong opposition.
38 on the Billboard 200 and No.
This is a list of the 100 best-selling singles in France during the 2000s.
Turner holds the spot as the 8th best selling female artist of all time out of all genres, with record sales of over 180 million worldwide.
In 2008, Ford produced 5.532 million automobiles and employed about 213,000 employees at around 90 plants and facilities worldwide.
After season 5, such compilations were released only sporadically.
Name, age, country of citizenship and reason for notability, established cause of death, reference.
The A207 cabriolet was unveiled January 11, 2010 at the North American International Auto Show in Detroit, Michigan, USA.
"No debes jugar" was released in July 1995 by Telemundo and featured live performances of Selena singing the song in their television show Padrisimo.
She was listed second by MTV Asia in Asia's Best Musical Artiste  and Channel V's Biggest Asian Artiste in 2005.
Jackson also currently has the highest number of albums on the list with five, while The Beatles and Madonna each have three.
This list can contain any types of albums, including studio albums, greatest hits, compilations, various artists, soundtracks and remixes.
"You and I" was also awarded "Best Digital Single" at the 2010 Mnet Asian Music Awards.
She made her debut after she won a popular local singing competition show Bintang HMI in 1995 when she was only 16.
T-ara's late-2011 Korean release Black Eyes spawned three back-to-back number ones: "Cry Cry", "We Were in Love" and "Lovey-Dovey".
Until 2016, used Peugeot 206 is still in the top 10 of UK's used car sales comparing to the others new models of other brands.
It was originally based on the platform of the second generation North American Ford Falcon, a compact car.
Complicating matters further are the changes from 2010 onwards as certifications have become based on a combined figure of sales and streaming, instead of sales alone.
Certified copies are sourced from available online databases of local music industry associations.
The Jeep facility is part of an automobile complex which includes the Toledo South Assembly Plant, home to the Jeep Wrangler since the 1940s.
She has staged many memorable appearances at Bruno Coquatrix' famous Paris Olympia.
Although sales estimates for Thriller have been as high as 120 million copies, these sales figures are unreliable.
The Lexus GS is a mid-size luxury car sold by Lexus, the luxury division of Toyota.
Starship Entertainment announced on Twitter that he will be getting married in May 2016.
The first game in the series, released in 1991, was conceived by Sega's Sonic Team division after Sega requested a mascot character.
The commercial success of Super Mario Bros. has caused it to be ported to almost every one of Nintendo's major gaming consoles.
As of February 2014, the 2014 Tahoe was the top-ranked Affordable Large SUV in U.S. News & World Report's rankings.
This is a list of the best selling albums by country based on the information and certifications provided by the respective national charts.
She is signed to YMC Entertainment in South Korea and Warner Music in Japan.
On January 29, 2008, the 5 millionth 5 Series was manufactured, a 530d Saloon in Carbon Black Metallic.
She is also one of Malaysia's best selling artists, for instance, her album sales alone contributed to 10 percent of Malaysia's total album sales in 2001.
In 1985, Kubota signed with Sony Japan and began producing and writing songs for many of label's singers and groups.
The current version is a four-door sedan.
PHEVs may produce less in the way of greenhouse gases, which contribute to global warming, than conventional vehicles do.
The following lists detail the discography of Southern All Stars.
All members participated in Mnet's survival reality show MyDOL and were selected via an elimination system through viewer votes.
McPhee has also established an acting career, co-starring in The House Bunny and Shark Night 3D.
The Summer version features additional production by frequent collaborator Harold Faltermeyer, and incorporates a harder rock edge.
To date, the album has sold over 3 million copies worldwide.
However, some Lexus importers use the backronymic name, Grand Sport.
SeeYa was a South Korean girl group originally made up of Kim Yeonji, Lee Bo-ram, and Nam Gyuri.
The original Z in Z1 stood for Zukunft.
Illinois is the 5th-most populous state and 25th-largest state in terms of land area, and is noted as a microcosm of the entire country.
The most recent version is a subcompact model manufactured between 2002 and 2012, sold under the Colt name internationally.
They are well known in Indonesia for their simple lyrics, catchy beats, and Ariel's voice.
Royal Rumble was the fifteenth annual Royal Rumble professional wrestling pay-per-view event produced by the World Wrestling Federation.
It has myriad shops ranging from exclusive upmarket fashion designers at the South Yarra end to trendy retailers and eateries in Windsor.
The figures given do not take into account the resale of used albums.
The Citroën C3 Picasso is a mini MPV produced by the French motor company Citroën since 2008.
The model name was derived from a combination of the English car and the Greek kharisma, meaning "divine gift".
The second generation CLS-Class was introduced in September 2010 and production started in the beginning of 2011.
This unreleased album contains tracks such as "Lights Out", "Superman" and "Goodbye But Not The End."
The material for the DVD was filmed on November 24, 2012 when the band played a show at Groove in Buenos Aires.
In all, the band's CDs have received 14 gold, 10 diamonds, 13 platinum and 13 double platinum.
L.A. Woman, was the final Doors album with frontman Jim Morrison, who died of undetermined causes in Paris shortly after the album's release.
It also controls VW Credit, Inc., Volkswagen's financial services and credit operations.
He is a member of the boy group BtoB and its sub-group, BtoB Blue.
The Ford Motor Company is an American multinational automaker headquartered in Dearborn, Michigan, a suburb of Detroit.
It does this by engaging in political, educational, and social activities.
It was originally based on the platform of the second generation North American Ford Falcon, a compact car.
They subsequently influenced many other open world action games, and led to the label Grand Theft Auto clone on similar games.
A compilation of Lauper's music videos and an interview was released at the same time on VHS.
In North America, the TSX is sold alongside the mid-size luxury Acura TL, which is based on the American-market Accord.
This is the list of the 100 best-selling certified singles in Finland, according to Musiikkituottajat – IFPI Finland.
Victoria's Secret is wholly owned by L Brands, a publicly traded company.
Dark Castle Entertainment originally acquired the US rights to The Loft, as they did for Splice, with the intention of releasing the film through Warner Bros.
The Pilot is also sold in the Philippines.
On July 18, Kim released a limited edition mini-album Meet Me Again dedicated to his fans before his enlistment.
From 1988 to 1990, Mercury released two albums with the group Companhia Clic.
She starred in such films as My Bestfriend's Girlfriend, You to Me Are Everything, and Panday 2.
The Escalade ESV version is available in the United States, Canada, Mexico, and the Middle East.
The model name was derived from a combination of the English car and the Greek kharisma, meaning "divine gift".
Currently, AOA is promoting as a six-member idol girl group following Choa's departure, and Youkyung, who was only a part of AOA Black.
Such albums have the certifications for the number of copies shipped indicated.
France is a unitary semi-presidential republic with its capital in Paris, the country's largest city and main cultural and commercial centre.
Lovedrive cemented the "Scorpions formula" of hard rock songs combined with melodic ballads.
This is a list of the best selling albums by country based on the information and certifications provided by the respective national charts.
The group promoted a remix version of Easily on August 13 and released it on August 26.
Mercury is a defunct division of the American automobile manufacturer Ford Motor Company.
B'z is one of the best-selling music artists in the world and the best-selling in their native Japan, having released 46 consecutive No.
The song was also used as the theme song of Japanese television drama series Long Vacation.
In terms of size, it is slotted in between the smaller GLC-Class and the larger GLS-Class, with which it shares platforms.
On July 29, they made their comeback with "Easily", from their mini album Back to da Future.
The Kansas Lottery offers $1, $2, $5, $10, and $20 scratch tickets, plus $1 and $2 instant "pull-tab" games.
In 2004, he co-produced the Prodigy album Always Outnumbered, Never Outgunned, co-writing several tracks.
McPhee released her fourth album, Hysteria, on September 18, 2015.
The sisters have pursued varying solo careers in acting, music and television presenting.
The figures given do not take into account the resale of used albums.
High4 is a three-member South Korean boy band under the management of N.A.P Entertainment.
In Europe, "Take Me to Your Heart" and "Hold Me in Your Arms" were released as the next singles.
Global sales achieved the 1.5 million unit milestone in October 2016, 15 years after its market launch.
Sales figures records in most countries are not available before the 1990s, so it is difficult to accurately determine best-selling records, either by country or worldwide.
The album also spawned the top-charted single "Dance If You Want It", which peaked at number three.
Toshinobu "Toshi" Kubota is a Japanese singer, songwriter, musician, music producer, and radio personality.
The Cadillac Escalade is closely related to the Denali models of the Yukon.
This is a list of the world's best-selling albums of recorded music.
BMW also introduced a separate hatchback model under the 3 Series nameplate called the Gran Turismo.
From October 2016 onwards, Mitsubishi is one-third owned by Nissan, and thus a part of the Renault-Nissan Alliance.
The Town Box was discontinued in November 2011, ending the twelve-year production run
The Scion xA is a five-door subcompact hatchback marketed in the US from 2004-2006 — as an export model of the Japanese Domestic Market Toyota ist.
The second generation interior has been further differentiated with fewer shared components.
Acura's 2005 RL flagship introduced SH-AWD, a torque-vectoring all-wheel drive system.
Promised Land is the fifth studio album by the American heavy metal band Queensrÿche and their highest charting record to date.
He is consistently ranked as one of the greatest and most influential rappers of all time.
However, newer albums, such as 21 and Come Away with Me, are expected to have their claimed figures supported by at least 70% in certified copies.
The Suburban has been produced under the Chevrolet, Holden,Plymouth and GMC marques until the GMC version was rebranded as the GMC Yukon XL.
Their interpretation, featuring Sakurai's vocals, was included on their 2004 Soushi Souai album.
It is known for its Swan range of yachts.
The company was established in 1980 and began vehicle manufacturing in that year, having taken over the facilities of Chrysler Australia.
The pair were initially brought together on recommendation of their record label Fueled By Ramen.
Entertainment, Sony Music Korea, Warner Music Korea, Universal Music and Mnet Media.
He began his acting career in 2009 with MBC's comedy Tae Hee, Hye Kyo, Ji Hyun as Junsu.
All albums included on this list have their available claimed figures supported by at least 30% in certified copies.
Aleksander released his first album, titled 'Coming Home', on 23 October 2006.
Escalade production was skipped for the 2001 model year.
The sailboat building division of Tiara Yachts located in Holland, Michigan.
The album also spawned the top-charted single "Dance If You Want It", which peaked at number three.
cars were deployed in Israel and around 400 units sold in Denmark through May 2013, when Better Place filed for bankruptcy.
The following is a comprehensive discography of the American singer Tina Turner.
It was assembled at the Toledo North Assembly Plant in the United States, as well as in other countries including Egypt and Venezuela.
This is the list of 100 best-selling singles, based on the data by Oricon.
In the past, it has also produced tractors and automotive components.
She made her debut after she won a popular local singing competition show Bintang HMI in 1995 when she was only 16.
The title is a play on the European fairy tale "Beauty and the Beast".
The First E-Klasse series was originally available as four-door sedan, five-door station wagon, 2 door coupe and 2 door convertible.
The video featured Selena and the Barrio Boyzz' dancing in the styles of hip hop.
Since 2003, she has had six top 10 hits in Norway.
They formed in Louisville, Kentucky, United States, in 1986.
The Mercedes-Benz SL-Class is a grand touring car manufactured by Mercedes since 1954.
The company was founded in 1966 by Pekka Koskenkylä.
It is BMW's second best-selling model after the 3-Series and in 2010 produced about 50% of the BMW's profits.
Morrison had recorded the poetry in separate sessions in 1969– 70.
Compilations for individual contestants were released digitally starting season 6.
Dark Castle Entertainment's name pays homage to William Castle, a horror filmmaker from the 1950s and 1960s.
Despite some reasonably favorable reviews on its release, the Endeavor's performance in the marketplace failed to meet Mitsubishi's expectations.
This is a list of the world's best-selling albums of recorded music.
His second Korean EP Let's Talk About Love fared better, becoming his second number one album and selling over 80,000 copies.
Park Bom began her musical career in 2006, featuring on singles released by label-mates Big Bang, Lexy and Masta Wu.
19 on the Hot 100 in late 1988/early 1989.
Ford has sold over 16 million Fiestas since 1976, making it one of the best selling Ford marques behind the Escort and the F-Series.
The BMW X6 is a mid-size luxury crossover by German automaker BMW.
The figures given do not take into account the resale of used albums.
This is the list of the 100 best-selling certified singles in Finland, according to Musiikkituottajat – IFPI Finland.
His fifth and final release from his debut album was "It Would Take a Strong Strong Man".
Nicknamed the "Oricon comet" for her success in Japan, she has released eight singles and two albums there with varying degrees of success.
While the band was inspirational to some performers in the riot grrrl movement in the Pacific Northwest, Babes in Toyland never associated themselves with the movement.
Son Dam-bi is a South Korean singer and actress.
This is a list of the 100 best-selling singles in France during the 2000s.
However their reports and charts are only available to industry insiders and are not available to the general public.
This is a list of the best selling albums by country based on the information and certifications provided by the respective national charts.
He has also been in the bands Firedome, Crystal Pystal, Arcade, Vicious Delite, Vertex.
The second generation interior has been further differentiated with fewer shared components.
This is the list of the 100 best-selling certified singles in Finland, according to Musiikkituottajat – IFPI Finland.
In April 2016, MMC admitted that its employees had falsified fuel-efficiency data for the eK Wagon, eK Space, Nissan Dayz and Nissan Dayz Roox.
The following is a List of Mercedes-Benz vehicles indexed by year of introduction.
He is currently signed under Amoeba Culture.
For her work in Fated to Love You's OST, "Goodbye My Love", Ailee won Best Original Soundtrack at the 7th Korea Drama Awards.
Absolutely Live was very well received, it charted in the Top 10 in the US and Canada and was certified gold in both countries.
From 1946 to 1968, Mercury sold the Mercury M-Series in Canada; during the 2000s, Lincoln sold the Lincoln Blackwood, replaced by the Lincoln Mark LT.
A third and lowest-priced variant, the Plymouth Breeze, arrived the following year.
The group also became World Music Awards Winner - French group with the highest 1995 world sales.
Later in 2008, she was named as one of Asia's Idol by Asia News Network.
Sales figures are not released during the season for these album so all numbers are for sales after the season is over.
This list can contain any types of albums, including studio albums, greatest hits, compilations, various artists, soundtracks and remixes.
The Kia Optima is a mid-sized 4-door sedan manufactured by Kia Motors since 2000 and marketed globally through various nameplates.
With a reported 40 million records sold, they were the first Japanese act to headline at Madison Square Garden.
It has since been updated to include songs such as "Un Monde parfait".
Michael Jackson's Thriller, estimated to have sold 65 million copies worldwide, is the best-selling album.
These updates failed to lift sales, and with production still unprofitable, Mitsubishi ceased manufacture of the 380 in March 2008.
The company was founded in 1966 by Pekka Koskenkylä.
The Malibu began as a trim-level of the Chevrolet Chevelle, becoming its own model line in 1978.
The Saturn Outlook was discontinued after the 2010 model year.
After the contract with Victor Entertainment, the band released their top-ten charting debut single "Katte ni Sindbad" in 1978.
Waiting for the Sun was the first Doors album to chart in the United Kingdom, where it peaked inside the Top 20.
The 5-door Brazilian Up also uses a different rear door design with sectioned glass and wind-down windows.
As in previous iterations, the W221 S-Class is sold in standard and long-wheelbase versions; I4, V6, V8, V12, diesel and hybrid powertrains are offered.
SG Wannabe had pre-sales of 90,000 copies of their first album, which helped them earned their "Best Newcomer" award at the 2004 Golden Disk Awards.
However, newer albums, such as 21 and Come Away with Me, are expected to have their claimed figures supported by at least 70% in certified copies.
The Honda Pilot is a mid-size crossover SUV manufactured by Honda and introduced in 2002.
In the Lexus model lineup, the RX sits below the larger GX and LX body-on-frame SUVs, and above the smaller NX crossover.
The W205 was preceded by the W204.
Colombia is one of the largest music industry in Latin America.
The last generation of the CL-Class, C216, was available in five models: CL 500, CL 600, CL 63 AMG, CL 63 AMG(S) and CL 65 AMG.
This is the discography of South Korean rock band F.T.
This is the discography of the South Korean boy band SG Wannabe.
It is known for its Swan range of yachts.
The MKS became the marque's sole full-size sedan in the 2012 model year with the discontinuation of the Town Car.
Oy Nautor AB is a Finnish producer of luxury sailing yachts, based in Jakobstad.
To date, she has garnered more than 200 local and international awards.
Employing the Chrysler JA platform, the 4-door notchback sedans were known collectively as the "Cloud Cars" because their names referenced meteorological terms.
Absolutely Live was very well received, it charted in the Top 10 in the US and Canada and was certified gold in both countries.
Mercury is one of the best-selling female Latin American artists of all time.
The Boeing Model 15 was a United States single-seat open-cockpit biplane fighter aircraft of the 1920s, manufactured by the Boeing company.
With albums charting across the globe they have sold over 10 million copies worldwide.
Besides musical awards, she has various other achievements under her belt.
The rear seats can also be flipped downward to form a pair of beds.
The M version of the 3 series, M3, debuted with the E30 M3 in 1986.
From 1980 to 2007, the Lincoln Town Car was assembled at Wixom Assembly, at Wixom, Michigan, alongside the Lincoln Continental, Mark Series, and Lincoln LS.
The 7" single was eventually certified Platinum, signifying sales of two million US copies.
For her work in Fated to Love You's OST, "Goodbye My Love", Ailee won Best Original Soundtrack at the 7th Korea Drama Awards.
After finishing high school in 2012, Oh Hyuk moved to South Korea on his own to pursue music full-time away from his parents' strong opposition.
After that, in 1996 the Michael Schenker Group was reformed.
Their third album, Survivor, which contains themes the public interpreted as a channel to the group's experience, contains the worldwide hits "Independent Women", "Survivor" and "Bootylicious".
Between 1979 and 1982, the group had seven UK top 20 hits, including "Gotta Pull Myself Together" "Who's Gonna Rock You", "Attention to Me" and "Chemistry".
The Saturn RELAY was a minivan that was made by General Motors.
Toshinobu "Toshi" Kubota is a Japanese singer, songwriter, musician, music producer, and radio personality.
Such albums have the certifications for the number of copies shipped indicated.
This distinctive two-door car was designed for BMC by Sir Alec Issigonis.
The criteria are that the album must have been published, and the album must have shipped at least 10 million units starting from January 1, 2000.
This is the list of 100 best-selling singles, based on the data by Oricon.
Most Infiniti models have direct equivalents in the Japanese domestic market Nissan lineup.
31 respectively on the Billboard 200 chart.
The group won a Japanese Grammy in 1992.
In some markets such as North America, the GS shares the mid-size sedan category in the Lexus lineup with the front-wheel drive ES.
The Peugeot 607 is an executive car produced by the French automaker Peugeot from September 1999 to June 2010.
The Lexus LX is a full-size luxury sport utility vehicle sold by Lexus since January 1996 having entered manufacture in November 1995.
The band consisted of David Gates, Jimmy Griffin and Robb Royer.
Certified copies are sourced from available online databases of local music industry associations.
However, they did differ in that the first generation was classified as a mid-sized SUV, while the second generation was classified as a full-sized SUV.
The lead single, "She Wants to Dance With Me" was Astley's first single which he wrote himself and became a worldwide top 10 hit.
The first was the Cadillac Allanté, produced from 1987 to 1993.
She is best known for the single "I Wish You Loved Me" which was written by Rico Love and produced by Tha Corna Boyz.
The equivalent Peugeot badge engineered version was the 4007.
In December 1996, the album La La La Love Thang was released.
Inside the vehicle, the most noticeable difference is seen at the door.
All albums listed here have sold over 400,000 copies.
Two singles were released from the album "The Ones You Love" and "Hopelessly".
Melanie confirmed in an interview that the group members' contracts had concluded in February 2017 and the group had disbanded.
Chevrolet El Camino is a coupé utility/pickup vehicle that was produced by Chevrolet between 1959–60 and 1964-87.
The lead single "Love Rain" charted at number three on the Oricon Singles chart.
Nadeem–Shravan are a music director duo in the Bollywood film industry of India.
His artistic influences include Michael Jackson, Stevie Wonder, Marvin Gaye, Donny Hathaway, and Sly Stone.
As of 2002, a Denali version of the Yukon XL has also been available as the Yukon XL Denali.
To date, she has garnered more than 200 local and international awards.
All albums included on this list have their available claimed figures supported by at least 30% in certified copies.
Manufacture of the RX has occurred at the Miyata plant in Miyawaka, Fukuoka, Japan since launch.
By then the line-up was the McComb brothers and MacDonald with Jill Birt and Martyn P. Casey.
It introduced many Mercedes-Benz safety innovations, including the first seatbelt pretensioners.
The Manitowoc Company, Inc. is a Fortune 1000 manufacturer of cranes and, until 2016, food service equipment.
The first iteration was the M30 Coupe/Convertible, which were rebadged JDM Nissan Leopard.
Katharine Hope McPhee is an American actress, singer and songwriter.
Fatih Karaca better known by his stage name Mabel Matiz, is a Turkish pop music singer-songwriter.
It debuted at the #1 on the Oricon, and spent 20 weeks on chart with sales of over 700,000 copies in total.
In Europe, the Middle East, New Zealand and Australia, the A32 and A33 series models were sold new as the Nissan Maxima.
They have collaborated with other artists for their album and promotional releases.
Its principal activity is the design, development, production and sale of passenger cars and minivans sold under the Haima marque.
It has produced vehicles into the 21st century
His seventh studio album, My Red Book, was planned to be released in January 2013.
Absolutely Live was very well received, it charted in the Top 10 in the US and Canada and was certified gold in both countries.
However, newer albums, such as 21 and Come Away with Me, are expected to have their claimed figures supported by at least 70% in certified copies.
Originally a kampung, the area has been rapidly developed under the ambition of the Housing and Development Board, to transform it into a modern township.
This list can contain any types of albums, including studio albums, greatest hits, compilations, various artists, soundtracks and remixes.
He is currently part of Sony Music Japan.
L.A. Woman was certified gold and platinum in several different countries.
They have currently released seven studio albums, three special albums, and two special edition albums.
It has since been updated to include songs such as "Un Monde parfait".
This is a list of albums and singles recorded by Carole King.
Blizzard of Ozz is the first of two studio albums Osbourne recorded with guitarist Randy Rhoads prior to Rhoads' death in 1982.
It is a blend of imported Scotch whisky and locally produced products., and is sold in octagonal bottles.
Urban Zakapa is a South Korean R&B singer-songwriter group formed in 2009 by Fluxus Music.
This list can contain any types of albums, including studio albums, greatest hits, compilations, various artists, soundtracks and remixes.
Seungri furthered this image with the release of his first extended play, V.V.I.P in 2011.
19 on the Billboard 200 albums chart and has since been certified Platinum.
The brand was launched in the United States and Canada in March 1986, marketing luxury, performance, and high-performance vehicles.
It comprises 35 tracks spanning his works after 1972; the year he released his debut album Danzetsu under the renewed stage name.
The group has released three studio albums, four extended plays, one compilation album and sixteen singles.
The Accord nameplate has been applied to a variety of vehicles worldwide, including coupes, wagons, hatchbacks and a crossover.
The Infiniti M is a line of mid-size luxury cars from the Infiniti luxury division of Nissan.
After leaving Johnny & Associates, Tanaka formed a new rock band, INKT.
The criteria are that the figure must have been published by a reliable source and the album must have sold at least 20 million copies worldwide.
The Mustang is also credited for inspiring the designs of coupés such as the Toyota Celica and Ford Capri, which were imported to the United States.
The second generation Liberty ceased production on August 16, 2012.
After season 5, such compilations were released only sporadically.
This article covers only girl groups from that era and later.
A girl group is a popular music act featuring several female singers who generally harmonize together.
All albums included on this list have their available claimed figures supported by at least 30% in certified copies.
AOA is a South Korean idol girl group signed under FNC Entertainment.
All Windstars, Freestars, and Monterey minivans were assembled in Oakville, Ontario, Canada at the Oakville Assembly Plant.
The Doors became one of the most popular rock bands of their era.
It is largely derived from the GM Epsilon platform, which underlies the Chevrolet Malibu sedan and similar models.
The GMC Envoy is a midsize SUV that was produced by General Motors.
The band originally consisted of four members, known as Nazril Irham, Mohammad Kautsar Hikmat, Loekman Hakim, and David Kurnia Albert.
TELON, later renamed CA-TELON, is one of the first commercially successful application generators for building business applications.
Following his 1977 album, JT, he has retained a large audience over the decades.
She has since played supporting roles in The Greatest Love, My Lover, Madame Butterfly, and Monstar.
Later in 2008, she was named as one of Asia's Idol by Asia News Network.
On January 29, 2008, the 5 millionth 5 Series was manufactured, a 530d Saloon in Carbon Black Metallic.
Denise left for a solo career in 1978 and youngest sister Coleen, who had previously made occasional appearances, became a full-time member in 1980, replacing Anne.
She was listed second by MTV Asia in Asia's Best Musical Artiste  and Channel V's Biggest Asian Artiste in 2005.
Kubota released his sixteenth album, Gold Skool, in August 2011.
The Acura ILX is a compact luxury sedan for Honda's luxury brand Acura.
Japan has the second largest music market in the world.
It was released on February 14, 1980 through Epic Records.
From November 2006, an new shape was introduced, known as C4 Picasso.
Sonic the Hedgehog is a video game franchise created and produced by Sega.
It has since been updated to include songs such as "Un Monde parfait".
Sales figures are not released during the season for these album so all numbers are for sales after the season is over.
This is a list of the 100 best-selling singles in France during the 1990s.
This is the list of 100 best-selling singles, based on the data by Oricon.
"Fotos y recuerdos", which was also released by Telemundo in July, featured home videos of Selena.
To date, he has recorded collabs with artists such as Wale, Warren G, Gaeko, Krizz Kaliko, MFBTY, and Primary.
The song is included in Erik Grönwall's self-titled album Erik Grönwall.
The vehicle was also the first to be completely designed at Acura's southern California design studio in Torrance.
Porsche AG is headquartered in Stuttgart, and is owned by Volkswagen AG, which is itself majority-owned by Porsche Automobil Holding SE.
Dark Castle Entertainment originally acquired the US rights to The Loft, as they did for Splice, with the intention of releasing the film through Warner Bros.
The F30 is the first generation of 3 Series to be powered by a range of turbocharged engines exclusively and electric power steering.
The Mitsubishi Delica is a range of trucks and vans built by Mitsubishi since 1968.
In the same year, the group won the Top CF Models award at MTN Awards for their numerous commercials.
Each of them on Supraphon, with exception of her second album issued by Panton.
This is the list of the 100 best-selling certified singles in Finland, according to Musiikkituottajat – IFPI Finland.
From December 2012 onwards Shin dated fellow Gag Concert comedian Kim Kiri, however it was reported in June 2015 that the two have since broken up.
The album charted at number nine on the Oricon Albums Chart.
Albums with two references for their estimated actual sales include sales through BMG Music Club.
Certified copies are sourced from available online databases of local music industry associations.
Since then, she has headlined concerts locally and internationally, recorded seven albums, which became certified gold and double platinum records.
It has produced vehicles into the 21st century
He has sold more than 20 million records worldwide and has appeared in movies and television dramas.
It has also been labelled as "Recreation Cross Country" in some markets.
She also received two nominations of FAMAS Award for Best Actress for these films respectively.
Kubota has a total of seventeen studio albums and ten compilation albums.
It was available primarily as a 40-foot long, 102-inch wide coach, although 16 60-foot long articulated Classics were manufactured.
The 350Z entered production in late 2002 and was sold and marketed as a 2003 model.
Seven domestic albums and one international album have shipped over a million copies in Taiwan.
In October 2014, the Citroën C3 was awarded most efficient small cars, with the premium car DS 3.
43 in July of the same year.
Besides musical awards, she has various other achievements under her belt.
Seiko Matsuda is a Japanese pop singer-songwriter.
In addition to being Mötley Crüe's best selling album, it is highly regarded by music critics and fans as the band's best studio album.
Introduced in 1993 as a replacement for the 190 range, the C-Class was the smallest model in the marque's line-up until the A-Class arrived in 1997.
The first iteration was the M30 Coupe/Convertible, which were rebadged JDM Nissan Leopard.
After being recognized for her singing on Singer and Trainee, she started acting on the KBS drama series Dream High 2.
Sezen Aksu is a Turkish pop music singer, songwriter and producer who has sold over 40 million albums worldwide.
The releases are in Korean, unless otherwise specified.
After a year from the album's release, a sequel entitled Golden Bad came out.
The ELR's 16.5 kWh lithium-ion battery pack delivers an all-electric range of 37 miles and a top speed of 106 mph.
Royal Stag sold 16.1 million cases in 201
It was originally based on the platform of the second generation North American Ford Falcon, a compact car.
Nugent is also noted for conservative political views, his lifelong stance against drug and alcohol abuse and advocacy of hunting and gun ownership rights.
Kang Seung-yoonJanuary 21, 1994), known as Seungyoon, is a South Korean singer-songwriter, actor, and leader of boy group Winner.
The Mercedes-Benz W116 is a series of flagship luxury sedans produced from September 1972 until 1980.
Maximum the Hormone is a Japanese nu metal band from Hachiōji, Tokyo.
Following The Red, they released their second EP, The Velvet, on March 17, 2016, which showed a more mature, R&B-influenced musical style.
Billboard Hot 100 and Number 1 in Canada.
It was originally based on the platform of the second generation North American Ford Falcon, a compact car.
Her nicknames include the "Queen of Turkish Pop" and Minik Serçe.
It has sold 45,000 copies as of January 2011.
The Triffids were an Australian rock band from Perth, Western Australia.
"—which credited Scherzinger as featured artist—charted in the top twenty of the Billboard Hot 100.
Volkswagen Group of America, Inc., is the North American operational headquarters, and subsidiary of the Volkswagen Group of automobile companies of Germany.
The designation SL derives from the German Sportlich-Leicht,.
Shin Bora is a South Korean comedian, singer, and actress.
This is the list of top fifteen best-selling albums in South Korea.
Her self-titled debut album was released on RCA Records on January 30, 2007, and debuted at number two on the Billboard 200, selling 381,000 copies.
Compilations for individual contestants were released digitally starting season 6.
The song was included on his debut album Mail on Sunday which peaked at number four on the Billboard 200 following its release in 2008.
On September 28, 2016, Blackberry announced it would cease designing its own phones in favour of licensing to partners.
Adult Contemporary singles chart, where it reached number seventeen.
Kubota has a total of seventeen studio albums and ten compilation albums.
Both versions of the Odyssey were sold in Japan at Honda Clio dealership locations.
John Cameron Fogerty is an American musician, singer and songwriter.
From 1997 to 2009, production was sourced at the Michigan Assembly Plant in Wayne, Michigan.
The Insight was the first production vehicle to feature Honda's Integrated Motor Assist system.
The next generations, the M35/45 and M37/56/35h/30d, became the flagship of the Infiniti brand and are based on the JDM Nissan Fuga.
The discography of Myriam, consist of 8 studio albums, 1 Special Edition, 2 album Compilation, 1 EP, ten singles, and two music videos.
Such albums have the certifications for the number of copies shipped indicated.
According to Mercedes-Benz, the structure will be much more rigid than other vehicles in its class.
The figures given do not take into account the resale of used albums.
Nadeem–Shravan were the most successful music directors of the 1990s until the early 2000s.
Her music was consistently categorized as pop until the release of her tenth studio album Expressions, when she added R&B and dance into her style.
Urban Zakapa is a South Korean R&B singer-songwriter group formed in 2009 by Fluxus Music.
A fictional astronaut must be on a flight originating from the Earth; space travellers engaging in casual voyages between other planets are not eligible.
The Dakota was nominated for the North American Truck of the Year award for 2000.
All albums included on this list have their available claimed figures supported by at least 30% in certified copies.
All albums included on this list have their available claimed figures supported by at least 30% in certified copies.
He is the winner of Mnet rap competition Show Me the Money season 3.
As Park grew up as a b-boy and dancer, he has become known for these skills, as well as his charismatic performances and stage presence.
This was the first car in the new DS range from Citroën.
All albums listed here have sold over 400,000 copies.
Both generations were built in Japan and exclusive to Toyota North American Scion dealerships.
In 2009, she made her debut as a member of 2NE1 as the main vocalist.
She is also one of Malaysia's best selling artists, for instance, her album sales alone contributed to 10 percent of Malaysia's total album sales in 2001.
The song was at number one on the UK Singles Chart for five weeks, becoming the year's highest-selling single.
It has produced vehicles into the 21st century
In 2009 Nam Gyuri left the group to pursue a solo career, and she was replaced by new member Lee Soomi until 2010.
For 2007, the 3.5 L V6 was dropped, leaving the 3.9 L as the base engine.
Ailee received the Best New Artist Award at the MelOn Music Awards, Golden Disk Awards, Gaon Chart K-Pop Awards and the Seoul Music Awards.
On the eighth track, Yamashita's spouse Mariya Takeuchi wrote the lyrics to his composition.
The title track, for example, is taken directly from Paul's First Epistle to the Corinthians.
All generations of the E-Class have offered either rear-wheel drive or Mercedes' 4Matic four-wheel drive system.
The duo is composed of Goiás, Brazil-based vocalists Jorge Alves Barcelos and Mateus Pedro Liduário de Oliveira.
It was certified gold by the RIAA.
In many countries, commercial toys must be able to pass safety tests in order to be sold.
Lengthened wheelbase models are available for both as the Suburban for Chevrolet and Yukon XL for GMC.
The tables below list that equipment by type and include some information regarding previously-owned and operated equipment.
She gained fame in May 2006 as the runner-up on the fifth season of American Idol.
A second generation was officially presented on 13 July 2006.
In 1987, Chrysler acquired American Motors Corporation, which brought the profitable Jeep brand under the Chrysler umbrella.
Honda was the first Japanese automobile manufacturer to release a dedicated luxury brand, Acura, in 1986.
However, in 2007, vinyl sales made a sudden small increase, starting its comeback, and by the early 2010s it was growing at a very fast rate.
To date, she has sold more than 4.9 million in record sales.
The Scion xB is a compact car made by Toyota for the United States market and sold under their youth-oriented Scion brand.
The album features "Hitori Jouzu", a song released as a lead single in October 1980 and became her second top-ten hit on the Japanese Oricon.
Three singles also charted on Billboard's Mainstream Rock chart: "Dream Warriors" reached No.
As with the BX, the 405 used TU/XU petrol and XUD diesel engines.
The album peaked at number twelve on the Japanese Albums Chart, and sold 600,000 copies in Japan.
Breaking with a long-standing tradition, the Avalanche appearance was not available as a GMC, but only as a Chevrolet.
Here is the official SNEP list for the 100 best selling singles in France's history.
Along with the familiar 2-door sedan, Lincoln reintroduced a 4-door sedan body style.
This list can contain any types of albums, including studio albums, greatest hits, compilations, various artists, soundtracks and remixes.
For 1981, the Lincoln Town Car became a distinct product, taking the place of the previous Continental in the Lincoln model line.
Her success in the Asian region has gained her honorific titles including "Voice of Asia" and "Asia's Celine Dion".
However, with the discontinuation of the Saturn marque, the Insignia was offered to Buick, who released it as the fifth-generation Buick Regal.
Many cover versions of her songs have been performed by Asian singers.
The album peaked at number one and was certified million.
This unreleased album contains tracks such as "Lights Out", "Superman" and "Goodbye But Not The End."
Maximum the Hormone is a four-member Japanese nu metal band.
The group disbanded in 2005, with Maureen Nolan having been a permanent member for 31 years.
It is Cadillac's largest luxury oriented, passenger and load carrying vehicle which was previously served by the Cadillac Commercial Chassis.
As part of the third generation line-up, Mitsubishi launched in January 2013 a plug-in hybrid model called Outlander P-HEV.
Many HEVs reduce idle emissions by shutting down the ICE at idle and restarting it when needed; this is known as a start-stop system.
All albums listed here have sold over 400,000 copies.
The following is a List of Mercedes-Benz vehicles indexed by year of introduction.
The band is composed of Keisuke Kuwata, Yuko Hara, Kazuyuki Sekiguchi, Hiroshi Matsuda and Hideyuki "Kegani" Nozawa.
The group's third EP, Russian Roulette, was released on September 7, 2016, along with the title track of the same name.
Guitarist Takuya replaced Taiji the following year.
Ken began his acting career in 2014 in MBC Every 1's comedy drama Boarding House No.
The coupé and convertible share a more aggressive, swifter look than the sedan and saloon, with a more svelte front and a sleeker bonnet.
Ana Carolina Sousa is a Brazilian singer, composer, and musician.
The label's last release was in 2008, when Richard and Stefanie Reines decided to concentrate on artist management and put Drive-Thru Records on indefinite hiatus.
In her career she has recorded and sung in multiple languages, including Malaysian, Javanese, English, Mandarin, Arabic, Urdu and Japanese.
In December 1987, Astley released a cover version of the Nat King Cole classic "When I Fall in Love".
As one of the earliest luxury crossovers on the market, the RX has inspired similar competitors from rival marques.
The BX had tried to address the small family car market and the large family car market by being 'between sizes' but well packaged.
Namık Uğurlu, or Ankaralı Namık, was a Turkish singer.
The Toyota Highlander, also known as the Toyota Kluger, is a midsize crossover SUV produced by Toyota.
He is currently signed under Starship Entertainment.
TL sales have been negatively affected by both the recession as well as negative publicity due to styling issues in the latest generation.
A different design of the C2, based on that of the Peugeot 206, is sold in China.
Lottery products are sold at approximately 1,900 retailers.
NDFI is independent of the government's budget.
The figures given do not take into account the resale of used albums.
In calendar year 2014, the brand sold 28.4 million cases, higher than any other spirit brand in the world.
Noah is an Indonesian alternative pop/rock band.
John William Feldmann is an American musician and producer.
Toshinobu Kubota has produced six million-seller records and thirty-three Top 40 singles during his career.
In 2013, The Telegraph ranked Grand Theft Auto among Britain's most successful exports.
Oku-sama wa Mahō Shōjo: Bewitched Agnes is a magical girl anime comedy.
The concept car was modified first in 2009 as the L1 and again in 2011 as the XL1.
Nicknamed the "Oricon comet" for her success in Japan, she has released eight singles and two albums there with varying degrees of success.
Type-S versions of the RSX, CL, and TL were added to the brand's lineup during that decade.
A C126 2-door coupé versions was introduced in September 1981.
It is the successor to the BMW E3 "New Six" sedan and is currently in its sixth generation.
Artist each from Cuba, Dominican Republic and United States complete the list.
The discography of Korean-American singer Jay Park consists of three studio album, twelve singles, three EPs, and more.
It traditionally introduces technologies and exterior design themes before they trickle down to other models in BMW's lineup.
Four acts - Carlos Vives, Diomedes Díaz, Juancho Rois and Shakira - appear more than once in the list.
In her career she has recorded and sung in multiple languages, including Malaysian, Javanese, English, Mandarin, Arabic, Urdu and Japanese.
In 2009, Maureen, Linda, Bernie and Coleen Nolan, reformed for a 25-date concert tour of the UK and Ireland, spawning an album and DVD.
Lottery products are sold at approximately 1,900 retailers.
Changan Ford Mazda was an automotive manufacturing company headquartered in Chongqing, China and a joint venture between Changan Automobile, Ford Motor Company and Mazda.
This is the list of best-selling artists in South Korea.
The Lottery also offers the terminal-based games Powerball, Mega Millions, Hot Lotto, Super Kansas Cash, Pick 3, 2by2, Keno, and Kansas Hold'Em.
The Torrent shared its basic body structure and mechanicals with the Equinox.
This list can contain any types of albums, including studio albums, greatest hits, compilations, various artists, soundtracks and remixes.
The word "escalade" refers to a siege warfare tactic of scaling defensive walls or ramparts with the aid of ladders or siege towers.
Although sales estimates for Thriller have been as high as 120 million copies, these sales figures are unreliable.
Park Bom began her musical career in 2006, featuring on singles released by label-mates Big Bang, Lexy and Masta Wu.
Albums are listed in order of number of copies sold and thereafter by the artist's first name.
Crimes of Passion is Benatar's biggest selling career album, having been certified 4x Platinum in the United States alone.
It only came one way for 2010, lacking the navigation package of the 2008 Limited trim, and only came equipped with leather seating.
Her repertoire includes songs performed mainly in Ukrainian and English, but she also recorded cover versions in Spanish and Latin languages.
Her success in the Asian region has gained her honorific titles including "Voice of Asia" and "Asia's Celine Dion".
It was released in the United States by Mercury Records.
Rachelle Ann Villalobos Go is a Filipino singer and actress who won in several singing contests, the first of which was in Eat Bulaga!
In the same year, a collaboration with Jessica Mauboy on "Running Back" reached number three in Australia, and was certified double platinum there.
The single was promoted with live performances and a music video.
Ferreri's first studio album, Gaetana, was released in November 2008, preceded by the single "Novembre".
He has over 60 songs accredited to his name by the Korea Music Copyright Association.
SG Wannabe have been in the music business ever since debuting in the 2004.
The Marvel Entertainment subsidiary was incorporated on January 25, 2008 to direct Marvel's efforts in animation and home entertainment markets.
All generations of the E-Class have offered either rear-wheel drive or Mercedes' 4Matic four-wheel drive system.
The fourth, and current generation, was introduced in early 2008 as a rival to the evolved fifth generation Ford Mustang and the fifth generation Chevrolet Camaro.
The authority receives water from the Quabbin and Wachusett Reservoirs and the Ware River in central and western Massachusetts.
The game was included in several top Game Boy game lists and debuted Princess Daisy as a recurring Mario series character.
In September 1986, his debut album, Shake It Paradise, peaked at number twenty-two and remained on the Oricon Albums Chart for seven consecutive weeks.
In 2000, Kubota released the albums Nothing But Your Love and As One, which both albums charted in the top ten.
After the death of Morrison, the three remaining Doors members released two more studio albums before they eventually disbanded, Other Voices, and Full Circle.
The P-series is a chronological progression of prototype humanoid robots as developed by Honda.
The Lottery also offers the terminal-based games Powerball, Mega Millions, Hot Lotto, Super Kansas Cash, Pick 3, 2by2, Keno, and Kansas Hold'Em.
No compilations were released in season 7.
Her first music video was "Buenos amigos", which is a duet with Salvadoran singer Alvaro Torres.
Gran Turismo Concept is a racing video game of the Gran Turismo series for PlayStation 2 which is developed by Polyphony Digital.
All examples of the Ford Excursion were assembled at the Kentucky Truck Plant in Louisville, Kentucky; the last vehicle was produced on September 30, 2005.
The Marvel Entertainment subsidiary was incorporated on January 25, 2008 to direct Marvel's efforts in animation and home entertainment markets.
However, newer albums, such as 21 and Come Away with Me, are expected to have their claimed figures supported by at least 70% in certified copies.
The Ram pickup is a full-size pickup truck manufactured by FCA US LLC and marketed as of 2010 onwards under the Ram Trucks brand.
When You're Strange, is a documentary about The Doors written and directed by Tom DiCillo and narrated by Johnny Depp.
Since September 2014, she has starred in Scorpion as Paige Dineen.
This page shows the best-selling Christmas albums in the United States.
The BMW 5 Series is an executive car manufactured by German automaker BMW since 1972.
The firm manufactures and sells automobiles in Canada, and also in the United States and other countries around the world.
Due to criticism over its large size and declining sales, the Excursion was discontinued after the 2005 model year in the United States.
Her third album, the holiday-themed Christmas Is the Time to Say I Love You, was released on October 12, 2010.
A limited production of 250 units began by mid 2013 and pricing starts at €111,000.
From 1980 to 2007, the Lincoln Town Car was assembled at Wixom Assembly, at Wixom, Michigan, alongside the Lincoln Continental, Mark Series, and Lincoln LS.
It is known for its Swan range of yachts.
Michael Jackson's Thriller, estimated to have sold 65 million copies worldwide, is the best-selling album.
With its British origin, the series contains satire and humour.
Plug-in cars have several benefits compared to conventional internal combustion engine vehicles.
Jackson also currently has the highest number of albums on the list with five, while The Beatles and Madonna each have three.
In November 2010, Kubota released his sixth compilation album Love & Rain: Love Songs.
McPhee has also established an acting career, co-starring in The House Bunny and Shark Night 3D.
The group consists of mixed race members.
This is a list of the world's best-selling albums of recorded music.
Marvel Animation Inc. is an American animation production company.
Such albums have the certifications for the number of copies shipped indicated.
Hooked is the fifth full-length studio album by the American hard rock band Great White, released in 1991.
In Brazil, the Magnum nameplate was a top of the line version of the local Dodge Dart from 1979 to 1981.
The final Mercury automobile, a 2011 Mercury Grand Marquis, rolled off the assembly line on January 4, 2011.
Both the Omni and Horizon prefixes were dropped for 1981, making them the "024" and "TC3", respectively.
It was released in early November 1991.
The first 208 models were three door hatchbacks produced in 2011, at the company's new plant in Slovakia.
Billboard 200 chart and number 12 on the UK Albums Chart.
He is noted for his leading roles in City Hunter, The Heirs and The Legend of the Blue Sea.
It is a blend of Indian grain spirits and imported Scotch malts.
The XLR was the second roadster offered by Cadillac in recent years.
The video featured backup dancers wearing shirts that are covered in radioluminescence paint.
The Ford Expedition is a fullsize SUV that is made by Ford Motor Company.
The car design was the effort of a design team led by Chris Bangle.
As of July 2012, Kubota has sold over twelve million records to date.
The founder, Gordon McGregor, convinced a group of investors to invest in Henry Ford's new automobile which was being produced across the river in Detroit.
In 2003, the Honda MDX went on sale in Japan and Australia.
The liner notes contain a crew member list, tour date information and when the shows were recorded:
The Ford Mustang is an American automobile manufactured by Ford.
Sekouba "Bambino" is the stage name of Sekouba Diabaté, a singer and musician born in Guinea, West Africa, in 1964.
Deep Forest is a musical group originally consisting of two French musicians, Michel Sanchez and Eric Mouquet.
Victoria's Secret is an American designer, manufacturer, and marketer of women's premium lingerie, womenswear, and beauty products.
It features bonus disc which includes his singles in the 2000s and previously unreleased recordings.
The album featured the single "Had It All", which peaked at No.
Kim Nam-joon, better known as Rap Monster, is a South Korean rapper, songwriter, and record producer.
Both generations were built in Japan and exclusive to Toyota North American Scion dealerships.
The Yukon and Yukon Denali is sold in United States, Canada, Mexico, Republic of China, the Middle East, Russia, The Philippines, Chile, and Europe in LHD.
Her success in the Asian region has gained her honorific titles including "Voice of Asia" and "Asia's Celine Dion".
The following is a List of Mercedes-Benz vehicles indexed by year of introduction.
There have been several different production Chargers, built on three different platforms and sizes.
Released in April 1979 on Columbia Records, their first album to feature drummer Steve Smith.
It was first released by Polydor–Zeitgeist and Cheyenne Records on 12 March 2001 in German-speaking Europe.
The mini-album sold over 50,000 copies in 5 days upon its release on April 27, 2012.
The DS 3 is a supermini, produced by the French manufacturer Citroën since 2009 and officially launched in January 2010.
They placed 13 songs on the Billboard Hot 100 chart between 1970 and 1977.
The Doors' third studio album Waiting for the Sun, was regarded as an artistic disappointment when compared to their earlier material.
After the death of Morrison, the three remaining Doors members released two more studio albums before they eventually disbanded, Other Voices, and Full Circle.
After this album, Astley left the music business behind for several years and released no new material until 2001.
This is a list of the world's best-selling albums of recorded music.
Michael Jackson's Thriller, estimated to have sold 65 million copies worldwide, is the best-selling album.
It was produced by the band and the late Bruce Fairbairn and released on the PolyGram label.
The BMW 3 Series has won numerous awards throughout its history.
It was also successful in different countries worldwide receiving certifications in Australia, Canada, Germany and the United Kingdom among others.
Some Like It Hot opened to largely positive reviews and is today considered to be one of the greatest film comedies of all time.
It has been certified Silver in the UK, and Gold in the US and France.
In 2010, it was ranked the 22nd best-selling album of the 2000s in the UK.
They were supplied with the LY7 3.6-liter V6.
All albums listed here have sold over 400,000 copies.
She made her entertainment debut as a comedian on the variety show Gag Concert in 2010.
The exterior was designed by Henrik Fisker and the interior by Scott Lempert.
According to Mercedes-Benz, the structure will be much more rigid than other vehicles in its class.
She came in second place in the second season of The Voice.
Certified copies are sourced from available online databases of local music industry associations.
Land Rover sold nearly 88,000 units of the Evoque in its first year of production.
The Infiniti FX has no Nissan equivalent and is not sold in Japan.
The C4 scored second place in the 2005 European Car of the Year awards.
In Japan, the Pajero was sold at a specific retail chain called "Car Plaza".
The first generation Insight is the most fuel efficient gasoline-powered car available in the U.S. without plug-in capability for the length of its production run.
This renaming followed new nomenclature conventions set by the earlier CTS and STS.
Such albums have the certifications for the number of copies shipped indicated.
The 2008 single "Tsuretette Tsuretette" topped the Oricon Singles Chart, and the parent album Do You Dreams Come True?
The Peugeot 307 is a small family car produced by the French manufacturer Peugeot since 2001, following the Peugeot 306 which ceased production in 2002.
Muriel Bowser served as Ward 4 councilmember until she became the city's mayor on January 2, 2015.
The MKS became the marque's sole full-size sedan in the 2012 model year with the discontinuation of the Town Car.
Goodrem's second album, Mistaken Identity, managed to chart at 64.
FCA US is one of the "Big Three" American automobile manufacturers.
She has also released two solo singles, "You and I" and "Don't Cry".
It is a charter member of the Multi-State Lottery Association.
It was released on 22 February 1986, and it was remastered and re-issued on 22 August 1995.
It was another hit for Astley reaching Number 10 on the U.S.
The figures given do not take into account the resale of used albums.
The Escalade ESV version is available in the United States, Canada, Mexico, and the Middle East.
In 1926 Daimler Motoren Gesellschaft and Benz & Cie. merged forming Daimler-Benz and selling the Mercedes-Benz line of vehicles.
The Chevrolet Express and its mechanically identical twin GMC Savana are Full-size vans from General Motors.
These recordings make up a portion of what is known as the Bright Midnight Archives.
The band toured almost every year to sold out stadiums and arenas.
This is a list of the 100 best-selling singles in France during the 2000s.
The Tea Party released eight albums on EMI Music Canada, selling 1.6 million records worldwide, and achieving a No.
The alphanumeric moniker stands for "Multi-Dimensional luxury".
The album peaked at number three on the Oricon Weekly Albums chart and sold 21,285 copies in its first week of release.
This is a list of the best selling albums by country based on the information and certifications provided by the respective national charts.
The BMW Z8 is a roadster produced by German automaker BMW from 1999 to 2003.
All albums included on this list have their available claimed figures supported by at least 30% in certified copies.
For the 2007 model year, the Excursion was largely replaced as Ford introduced an extended-length version of the Ford Expedition.
It has produced vehicles into the 21st century
Jackson also currently has the highest number of albums on the list with five, while The Beatles and Madonna each have three.
The final Mercury automobile, a 2011 Mercury Grand Marquis, rolled off the assembly line on January 4, 2011.
Block B is a South Korean boy group created by Cho PD in 2011.
She is also one of Malaysia's best selling artists, for instance, her album sales alone contributed to 10 percent of Malaysia's total album sales in 2001.
The criteria are that the figure must have been published by a reliable source and the album must have sold at least 20 million copies worldwide.
Most years have seen a Motorsport version of the 5 series, called the BMW M5.
Pilot production went into testing in the summer of 2001, the W211 E-Class debut at the Brussels Motor Show in January 2002.
This album was released in Europe and Australia as 1987 and as Serpens Albus in Japan.
The discography of Myriam, consist of 8 studio albums, 1 Special Edition, 2 album Compilation, 1 EP, ten singles, and two music videos.
The LS shared the Ford DEW98 platform, along with the Jaguar S-Type and the Ford Thunderbird.
The Chevrolet Avalanche is a four-door, five or six passenger Pickup Truck sharing GM's long-wheelbase chassis used on the Chevrolet Suburban and Cadillac Escalade EXT.
It was founded by Carcass guitarist Michael Amott along with Johan Liiva, who were both originally from the influential death metal band Carnage.
Carly Smithson is an Irish soul/pop rock singer, songwriter and actress who was the sixth place finalist on the seventh season of American Idol.
They did produce a 2009 model for fleet customers that are turning up as used, off lease vehicles.
In addition to these small cars, "Colt" in the Mitsubishi vernacular has been used for unrelated vehicles of various forms as discussed below.
Following this, She was cast for the 30th anniversary staging of Les Miserables to play the role of Fantine.
L.A. Woman, was the final Doors album with frontman Jim Morrison, who died of undetermined causes in Paris shortly after the album's release.
Michael Jackson's Thriller, estimated to have sold 65 million copies worldwide, is the best-selling album.
This album reached fourth place on the Billboard 200 and earned two-times platinum status by the American national certification.
"Let It Rain" and "I Like the Sun" appear on his album 50.
This is a list of the 100 best-selling singles in France during the 1990s.
Both it and its followup, 1999's Fly, earned the group several Grammy Awards and chart singles.
The album was re-released in an expanded edition in 2004, containing two additional songs: a live version of "Break" and the studio outtake "Jackleg Man".
The album was reissued with a new stereo and 5.1 surround sound mix in 2007.
She was listed second by MTV Asia in Asia's Best Musical Artiste  and Channel V's Biggest Asian Artiste in 2005.
Although first-year production was planned at 7,000, General Motors apologized to customers for delays and increased production, delivering 10,000 by March 1.
It was voted as the top comedy film by the American Film Institute on their list on AFI's 100 Years... 100 Laughs poll in 2000.
The sisters have pursued varying solo careers in acting, music and television presenting.
This design was chosen and enhanced by Volkswagen Group Chief Designer Walter de'Silva, and Head Designer of the Volkswagen Passenger Cars marque, Klaus Bischoff.
The W126 was initially offered with straight-six, V8, and a turbocharged diesel engine for the sedan.
The Lexus GS is a mid-size luxury car sold by Lexus, the luxury division of Toyota.
The group currently consists of members Alex, Myunghan, and Youngjun.
It is the successor to the 02 Series and has been produced in six different generations.
As a solo artist, Loggins experienced a string of soundtrack successes, including an Academy Award nomination for "Footloose" in 1984.
Infiniti officially started selling vehicles on November 8, 1989 in North America.
Historically, the E-Class is Mercedes-Benz' best-selling model, with more than 13 million sold by 2015.
SAIC Volkswagen sold a total of 1.16 million vehicles in 2011.
He is among the all-time best-selling Japanese music artists, having sold over 16 million records worldwide to date.
The following single, "My First Night Without You" managed to chart in the top 60 in the United States.
Baek Ye-rin, otherwise credited as Yerin Baek or simply Yerin is a South Korean singer-songwriter.
"Only the Young" would find its way into the Top Ten two years later, joining the soundtrack of the movie Vision Quest.
The third-generation models were the first GS sedans to be sold domestically in Japan.
The Town Car nameplate first appeared as a sub-model of the Continental in 1959, later becoming a trim line during the 1970s.
The second-generation RX 300 and RX 330 models went on sale in 2003, with both variants supplanted by the more powerful RX 350 in 2006.
Models were the 645Ci and the 630i, while the highest performance model is the BMW M6.
All albums included on this list have their available claimed figures supported by at least 30% in certified copies.
Red Velvet was formed by the Korean entertainment company S.M.
The figures given do not take into account the resale of used albums.
The "Yung Gunz" name was later dropped due to a conflict with another group of the same name, but different spelling.
Certified copies are sourced from available online databases of local music industry associations.
The following is a comprehensive discography of Ministry, an influential American industrial metal band.
They are also the first group in the world to release their album in a digital disc format.
Kansas' newest draw game is the multi-state Lucky for Life, whose earliest version was a Connecticut-only game.
Shortly after her joining, the group signed to Monument Records, releasing their breakthrough album Wide Open Spaces in 1998.
He has also had his music featured in many movies, television shows, and video games.
Jordan Mackenzie Smith is an American singer and musician from Harlan, Kentucky.
The reggae remix of the song was released as the next official single.
Although sales estimates for Thriller have been as high as 120 million copies, these sales figures are unreliable.
In following years, Kubota released three non-album singles "Cymbals", "Ahhhhh!
Here is an incomplete list of locomotives and multiple units used by the narrow-gauge railways in Russia.
Officer's Choice commonly known as OC, is an Indian whisky brand which is owned by Allied Blenders & Distillers.
This is the list of the 100 best-selling certified singles in Finland, according to Musiikkituottajat – IFPI Finland.
Michael Jackson's Thriller, estimated to have sold 65 million copies worldwide, is the best-selling album.
The best-selling UK single of all time is "Candle in the Wind 1997" by Elton John, which sold 4,770,000 copies.
Besides musical awards, she has various other achievements under her belt.
Infiniti Chairman Andy Palmer assumed de Nysschen's responsibilities.
The Cadillac XLR is a luxury roadster that was marketed by Cadillac, assembled in Bowling Green, Kentucky.
CLC is a South Korean girl group formed by Cube Entertainment in 2015.
Por Siempre is a double music DVD released on May 18, 2013 by Argentine post hardcore band DENY.
The F10 M5 is powered by the S63 twin-turbo V8 engine with a 7-speed dual clutch transmission.
Although sales estimates for Thriller have been as high as 120 million copies, these sales figures are unreliable.
In 2008, Japan surpassed the United States for having the most physical sales.
As of January 2017, over 12 million hybrid electric vehicles have been sold worldwide since their inception in 1997.
The following is a comprehensive discography of B'z, a Japanese rock band.
Four acts - Carlos Vives, Diomedes Díaz, Juancho Rois and Shakira - appear more than once in the list.
TELON, later renamed CA-TELON, is one of the first commercially successful application generators for building business applications.
Jorge studied law school and Matheus agronomy.
The game was a commercial success, and has sold 11.27 million copies worldwide as of March 2017, making it the fourth best-selling game for the 3DS.
The last of those three, a white GMC Envoy rolled off the line on December 23, 2008, because of the Moraine plant closing.
The ELR's 16.5 kWh lithium-ion battery pack delivers an all-electric range of 37 miles and a top speed of 106 mph.
Kanjani Eight is a seven-member Japanese boy band from Japan's Kansai region.
It is the first full-sized multi-purpose vehicle ever produced by Mercedes-Benz.
Album releases are followed with the release of a karaoke VCD, consisting of the group's music videos for that particular album.
Additionally, they have released 29 singles and 6 music videos.
The 7 Series is BMW's flagship car and is only available as a sedan.
Along with its rebadged Mercury and Lincoln variants, the Crown Victoria was the final full-frame rear-wheel-drive passenger sedan produced in North America.
The group consists of seven members: Taeil, B-Bomb, Jaehyo, U-Kwon, Park Kyung, Zico and P.O.
Service to Manassas began on June 22, 1992; the Fredericksburg service started on July 20, 1992.
Albums are listed in order of number of copies sold and thereafter by the artist's first name.
The group's name is a reference to ikimono-gakari, a group of children who are responsible for looking after plants and animals in Japanese elementary schools.
The Street Raider carries a mooted price tag of $60,000, although there are no current plans to sell it.
He is best known as the founder, singer, and songwriter of the heavy metal band Ratt.
In 1972 the US Decca label was absorbed into MCA Records.
In November 1997 the group released their second album, Spiceworld, which has been certified five times platinum by the BPI.
The album's first single, "Over It", was a Pop Top 30 hit and was certified gold in 2008.
In 1926 Daimler Motoren Gesellschaft and Benz & Cie. merged forming Daimler-Benz and selling the Mercedes-Benz line of vehicles.
Geronimo has a collective box-office receipt of over PHP 1 billion; with at least 6 films that have grossed in excess of PHP 100 million.
The name tC stands for "touring coupe."
They debuted in 2007 with Cheerful Sensibility.
The petrol engines range from 1.8 to 2.9 litres displacement, whereas the diesels range from 1.6 to 3.0 litre engines.
Sales figures records in most countries are not available before the 1990s, so it is difficult to accurately determine best-selling records, either by country or worldwide.
This is a list of the world's best-selling albums of recorded music.
In the Midst of Beauty is the tenth studio album by the Michael Schenker Group.
Love Psychedelico is a Japanese rock band, often called Delico for short.
This list was made public in a prime-time nationwide broadcast on M6 on February 6, 2004.
In her career she has recorded and sung in multiple languages, including Malaysian, Javanese, English, Mandarin, Arabic, Urdu and Japanese.
The best-selling music artists in Japan include Japanese artists with claims of 15 million or more record sales.
They have participated in many other albums and OSTs.
Blue Selection is the studio album by Japanese singer-songwriter Yōsui Inoue, released shortly after its predecessor Cassis.
In January 1995, he released seventh album, Bumpin' Voyage.
2 on the Billboard 200, her highest album entry to date.
This page shows the best-selling Christmas albums in the United States.
VRE is owned by the Northern Virginia Transportation Commission and the Potomac and Rappahannock Transportation Commission.
The only current Z model is the second generation of the Z4 series.
The Insight ranked as the top-selling vehicle in Japan for the month of April 2009, a first for a hybrid model.
Madness was preceded by lead single "Kick Me" as well as a string of digital singles released in the days leading up to the album's release.
Jackson also currently has the highest number of albums on the list with five, while The Beatles and Madonna each have three.
The authority receives water from the Quabbin and Wachusett Reservoirs and the Ware River in central and western Massachusetts.
The Mitsubishi Carisma is a large family car produced for the European market by Mitsubishi from 1995 to 2004.
In 2007, B'z became the first band from Asia to have their handprints and signatures put up in the Hollywood's RockWalk.
The RX name stands for Radiant Crossover.
The Q7 shares its platform and chassis with the Volkswagen Touareg and the Porsche Cayenne.
With its British origin, the series contains satire and humour.
Currently, she has been listed as one of Malaysia's richest, most-influential, most award-winning, most single-produced artists.
The group started in February 1999 with Hotaka Yamashita and Yoshiki Mizuno, and was joined by vocalist Kiyoe Yoshioka in November of the same year.
SG Wannabe had pre-sales of 90,000 copies of their first album, which helped them earned their "Best Newcomer" award at the 2004 Golden Disk Awards.
He is a board member of the National Rifle Association and a strong supporter of the Republican Party.
The criteria are that the figure must have been published by a reliable source and the album must have sold at least 20 million copies worldwide.
She sold more than 20 million albums worldwide.
The Focus replaced the Ford Escort and Ford Laser.
The Scion xD was discontinued in 2014, and it will succeeded by the Toyota C-HR, along with the Toyota Matrix, for the 2017 model year.
It is the successor to the Chevrolet Uplander, the Chevrolet TrailBlazer, the Chevrolet HHR, the Chevrolet Astro, and the Saturn Outlook.
The success of the Windstar led to the first Ford-developed Mercury minivan, the Mercury Monterey.
The band was originally fronted by Johan Liiva, who was replaced by German Angela Gossow as lead vocalist in 2000.
The Citroën C1 is a city car produced by the French manufacturer Citroën since June 2005.
In November 2009, another cover version was released as a single by English indie rock band Florence and the Machine.
The C-Class has been available with a 4Matic option since 2002.
The 1981 De Tomasos were only available with the new 2.2 litre engine.
The Terraza retailed at US$28,110 in 2005.
Once is the fifth studio album by Finnish symphonic metal band Nightwish, released on 7 June 2004 by Spinefarm Records and Nuclear Blast.
The Sebring line was introduced in 1995 with the Chrysler Sebring coupe.
Marvel Animation operates under the Marvel Television division of Marvel Entertainment, LLC, a subsidiary of The Walt Disney Company.
This is a list of the world's best-selling albums of recorded music.
The album itself as of 2005, has been sold to a total of more than 800,000 units in Malaysia alone.
An optional EcoBoost 3.5 L twin-turbo, direct injection V6 is also available.
Katharine Hope McPhee is an American actress, singer and songwriter.
After two remakes, it moved on to producing original material, along with remakes of non-Castle films.
The following is a comprehensive discography of Ministry, an influential American industrial metal band.
Lyn released her first album, My First Confession, using her birth name 'Lee Se-jin', but in 2002, she adapted the stage name, 'Lyn'.
Thus, the GL is the luxury-oriented version of the G, and GLK is the compact version of the GL.
Gran Turismo Concept is a racing video game of the Gran Turismo series for PlayStation 2 which is developed by Polyphony Digital.
One of its popular microvans is the Wuling Sunshine.
In addition, Kubota has composed and written songs for many singers including Iwasaki Hiromi, Misia, Toshinori Yonekura, Koizumi Kyoko, and many other recording artists.
Although sales estimates for Thriller have been as high as 120 million copies, these sales figures are unreliable.
Seven domestic albums and one international album have shipped over a million copies in Taiwan.
SAIC-GM began assembling the venture's first vehicle, the Buick Regal, in Shanghai, China in 1999.
The Luxury Brand Status Index 2008 voted the Maybach first place, ahead of Rolls-Royce and Bentley.
It has also been labelled as "Recreation Cross Country" in some markets.
However, newer albums, such as 21 and Come Away with Me, are expected to have their claimed figures supported by at least 70% in certified copies.
They vary greatly in size, engine displacement, power, price, and many other traits.
When You're Strange, is a documentary about The Doors written and directed by Tom DiCillo and narrated by Johnny Depp.
The Insight was launched April 2009 in the UK as the lowest priced hybrid on the market and became the best selling hybrid for the month.
To date, she has garnered more than 200 local and international awards.
Such albums have the certifications for the number of copies shipped indicated.
In 1968 Original Confidence was established and began providing music charts to the general public with data collected from various retailers throughout Japan.
The two member, Andika Naliputra Wirahardja and Hendra Suhendra, split from the band in 2006.
As of July 2012, Kubota has sold over twelve million records to date.
The following year in 1987, Kubota's second studio album, Groovin', debuted at number thirty-three and was certified million.
The firm manufactures and sells automobiles in Canada, and also in the United States and other countries around the world.
In 2003, they were ranked 58 on a list of the top 100 Japanese pop musicians by HMV Japan.
In 2003, they were ranked 58 on a list of the top 100 Japanese pop musicians by HMV Japan.
However, some Lexus importers use the backronymic name, "Luxury Four Wheel Drive".
Wurst came to international attention after winning the Eurovision Song Contest 2014 as Austria's entrant with the song "Rise Like a Phoenix".
In 2007, B'z became the first band from Asia to have their handprints and signatures put up in the Hollywood's RockWalk.
Moon is Nakajima's least successful studio album in terms of sales, entering the Japanese charts for less than one month.
Originating on the TRS-80 and Commodore PET, it was followed by several updated versions for other computers between 1980 and 1986.
And recently a small part in the short lived TV series "Wicked City"", with Mickey Ratt music and cover band in the episode.
Lee Min-ho is a South Korean actor and singer.
In 2014 Mercedes officially ceased using the CL-Class designation, instead moving the segments' vehicle naming back to the S-Class Coupe/Convertible label.
As of 2002, a Denali version of the Yukon XL has also been available as the Yukon XL Denali.
SAIC Volkswagen is an automobile manufacturing company headquartered in Anting, China and a joint venture between Volkswagen Group and SAIC Motor.
The bankruptcy resulted in Chrysler defaulting on over $4 billion in debts.
Graffiti on the Train brought back critical favor but failed to repeat the commercial success of their first few albums.
Having debuted as a 2007 model in December 2006, the first-generation MKX is a rebadged variant of the Ford Edge.
He is best known as the founder, singer, and songwriter of the heavy metal band Ratt.
She was formerly dubbed as the 90's Teen Queen, Princess of Hearts and Multimedia Superstar.
She rose to fame when she emerged as the Grand Champion of the reality talent search Search for a Star in 2004.
Bioplastic materials are used for the vehicle interior.
Shin'ai Naru Mono e's themes song peaked at #2 on the Japan's Oricon chart in summer of 1992, and thus became her first single.
Colombia is one of the largest music industry in Latin America.
In the video, Selena dances in front of a chroma key and videos of people walking down the streets.
He enjoyed a resurgence in chart performance during the late 1990s and 2000s, when he recorded some of his most-awarded work.
The current engine line up differs significantly.
The Focus replaced the Ford Escort and Ford Laser.
The TSX would also eventually replace the Acura RSX in the US.
They are well known in Indonesia for their simple lyrics, catchy beats, and Ariel's voice.
The third chronological title, Grand Theft Auto III, is considered a landmark title, as it brought the series to a 3D setting and more immersive experience.
The ZDX debuted at the 2009 New York International Auto Show on April 8, 2009.
This article covers only girl groups from that era and later.
This list can contain any types of albums, including studio albums, greatest hits, compilations, various artists, soundtracks and remixes.
He writes all of his own material and has released more than eleven best-selling albums during a career spanning 20 years.
Its principal activity was the manufacture and sale of Ford and Mazda branded passenger cars in China.
Under certain circumstances, the pedal can stick in a partially depressed position, or return slowly to the off position.
In November 2010, Kubota released his sixth compilation album Love & Rain: Love Songs.
Government is the major investor in the state with 52% of total investments, followed by private Indian investors at 29.9% and foreign private investors at 14.9%.
British video game developer DMA Design began the series in 1997.
Japan has the second largest music market in the world.
Mercury is one of the best-selling female Latin American artists of all time.
Although sales estimates for Thriller have been as high as 120 million copies, these sales figures are unreliable.
In 2000, Kubota released the albums Nothing But Your Love and As One, which both albums charted in the top ten.
She gained fame in May 2006 as the runner-up on the fifth season of American Idol.
Southern All Stars, also known by the abbreviations Sazan and SAS, is a Japanese rock band that first formed in 1974.
Historically, the E-Class is Mercedes-Benz' best-selling model, with more than 13 million sold by 2015.
Pearcy has also worked as an actor, playing the killer hippie, Timothy Bach, in the horror film Camp Utopia.
He is the founder of the group Krucifix Klan, of which Stan Man, Lady Dead and Playa Rob are also members.
The best-selling music artists in Japan include Japanese artists with claims of 15 million or more record sales.
Dato', or occasionally Datin Sri, Siti Nurhaliza binti Tarudin DIMP, JSM, SAP, PMP, AAP is a Malaysian singer and businesswoman.
Misia, commonly stylized as MISIA, is a Japanese singer, songwriter, and record producer.
She has since had roles in That Winter, the Wind Blows, Trot Lovers Cheer Up!, in addition to various voice acting roles.
Sharing many of its features with the Ford Explorer, the vehicles were virtually identical in terms of hardware.
This is the list of the 100 best-selling certified singles in Finland, according to Musiikkituottajat – IFPI Finland.
Primarily aimed at the North American market, the Pilot is the largest SUV from Honda and features three-row seating.
Geronimo has a collective box-office receipt of over PHP 1 billion; with at least 6 films that have grossed in excess of PHP 100 million.
McPhee has also established an acting career, co-starring in The House Bunny and Shark Night 3D.
In 1926 Daimler Motoren Gesellschaft and Benz & Cie. merged forming Daimler-Benz and selling the Mercedes-Benz line of vehicles.
The sisters have pursued varying solo careers in acting, music and television presenting.
The North American variant of the Ford Escort is a small family/compact car introduced by Ford in 1980 for the 1981 model year.
Sales figures are not released during the season for these album so all numbers are for sales after the season is over.
A Spanish version of "Ooh Ooh Song" was on the B-Side of the US single and appeared also on her 1999 compilation, Synchronistic Wanderings.
Between 1979 and 1982, the group had seven UK top 20 hits, including "Gotta Pull Myself Together" "Who's Gonna Rock You", "Attention to Me" and "Chemistry".
It was released on 7 June 1993 and includes the hit single "Break It Down Again".
The teaser video for "Yesterday" was released on September 22.
She gained media attention after pop star Justin Bieber tweeted a link to a video of her singing.
The music video for "Come & Get It" was released on May 7.
In December 1992, East Asia won the 34th Japan Record Awards for 10 Excellent Albums, which is a prize that honors ten exceptional studio albums.
They did produce a 2009 model for fleet customers that are turning up as used, off lease vehicles.
His eighth studio album, 50, was released in June 2016.
The C4 was designed to be the successor to the Citroën Xsara.
K put his musical activities on hold in 2010 so he could complete the Korean mandatory military service.
It is known for its Swan range of yachts.
It is a charter member of the Multi-State Lottery Association.
She was listed second by MTV Asia in Asia's Best Musical Artiste  and Channel V's Biggest Asian Artiste in 2005.
Musically, she first returned on various artist compilation Tak to chodí, produced by Michal Horáček.
Elemental is the fourth studio album by British pop band Tears for Fears.
This is the list of best-selling artists in South Korea.
In many countries, commercial toys must be able to pass safety tests in order to be sold.
Later in 2008, she was named as one of Asia's Idol by Asia News Network.
Marvel Animated Features is a series of eight direct-to-video animated films made by MLG Productions, a joint venture between Marvel Studios and Lions Gate Entertainment.
Kubota's musical genre has varied throughout his career including R&B, Go-go, soul, funk, blues, reggae, old skool, psychedelia, jazz, and pop.
It was founded in 1932 by Adriaan van Well.
In 2011, the Endeavor again featured a 3.8L V6 but upgraded once more to produce 225 hp and 255 lb·ft of torque.
They have participated in many other albums and OSTs.
SAIC Volkswagen is an automobile manufacturing company headquartered in Anting, China and a joint venture between Volkswagen Group and SAIC Motor.
Under certain circumstances, the pedal can stick in a partially depressed position, or return slowly to the off position.
It is a three-row, seven-passenger vehicle positioned above the M-Class/GLE-Class in the lineup and is the flagship of the Mercedes-Benz SUV line.
She also received two nominations of FAMAS Award for Best Actress for these films respectively.
The marque returned to competitive motorsport in 2012, and won the 2014 British Touring Car Manufacturers Championship.
The second-generation RX 300 and RX 330 models went on sale in 2003, with both variants supplanted by the more powerful RX 350 in 2006.
It was originally based on the platform of the second generation North American Ford Falcon, a compact car.
The follow up to their Urban Legendz album featured the songs: "I'm That Nigga", "Sukka Dukkas" and "Heartbreaker."
Historically, the E-Class is Mercedes-Benz' best-selling model, with more than 13 million sold by 2015.
The 2007 RDX, a crossover SUV, featured the first North American use of a turbocharged Honda engine.
The name Tahoe refers to the rugged and scenic area surrounding Lake Tahoe in the western United States.
First was the short-lived M45 sedan, a rebadged version of the Japanese-spec Nissan Gloria.
The Infiniti M is a line of mid-size luxury cars from the Infiniti luxury division of Nissan.
Since September 2014, she has starred in Scorpion as Paige Dineen.
Currently, she has been listed as one of Malaysia's richest, most-influential, most award-winning, most single-produced artists.
Waiting for the Sun was the first Doors album to chart in the United Kingdom, where it peaked inside the Top 20.
Certified copies are sourced from available online databases of local music industry associations.
The Toyota Highlander, also known as the Toyota Kluger, is a midsize crossover SUV produced by Toyota.
However, newer albums, such as 21 and Come Away with Me, are expected to have their claimed figures supported by at least 70% in certified copies.
Since February 2015, BMW India started local production of X5 in its Chennai plant.
The base VTi 120 was normally aspirated and put out 120 PS.
For the narrower purpose providing a Linux iSCSI target, the older IET and STGT modules also enjoy industry support.
The figures given do not take into account the resale of used albums.
Through the use of rebadging, Ford has marketed the F-Series through all three Ford divisions in North America.
Toshinobu "Toshi" Kubota is a Japanese singer, songwriter, musician, music producer, and radio personality.
In the past, it has also produced tractors and automotive components.
Kubota released his sixteenth album, Gold Skool, in August 2011.
The Nissan GT-R is a 2-door 2+2 high performance vehicle produced by Nissan unveiled in 2007.
In August 1966, the Beatles permanently retired from touring and began a three-month holiday from recording.
This is followed by the letter "C"—the SLC being the roadster equivalent to the C-Class.
Over their career, they have found success incorporating elements of heavy metal, hardcore punk, pop, funk, hip hop and ska into their sound.
Neil has worked with XL Recordings, Sony BMG Music Ent., Epic, Sire, Arista, Columbia, Maverick, Virgin, and Island Records to produce a string of No.
For its entire production, the Lincoln Aviator was assembled at St. Louis Assembly in Hazelwood, Missouri, alongside the Ford Explorer and Mercury Mountaineer.
This is a list of the 100 best-selling singles in France during the 1990s.
During the Iron Age, what is now metropolitan France was inhabited by the Gauls, a Celtic people.
Singers Lata Mangeshkar and Asha Bhonsle also sang in few albums for the duo.
They officially debuted into the Korean entertainment industry on April 8, 2014 with the song "Not Spring, Love, or Cherry Blossoms" featuring IU.
This is a list of the world's best-selling albums of recorded music.
It continued its predecessors' tendencies toward blues, rockabilly and pre-rock balladry, and was self-produced by Dylan under the pseudonym "Jack Frost".
It is named for the American state, Colorado.
Cocco is a female Japanese pop / folk rock singer.
Jung Eun-ji, better known by the mononym Eunji, is a South Korean singer, songwriter, actress and voice actress.
MG Motor designs, develops and markets cars sold under the MG marque.
In 1968 Original Confidence was established and began providing music charts to the general public with data collected from various retailers throughout Japan.
His musical style is commonly labelled Horrorcore—and is characterized by dark themes—especially drugs, violence and Satanism.
It also has a number of joint-ventures, one in China, one in Taiwan, one in Thailand, one in Turkey, and one in Russia.
TVXQ's "Rising Sun" still managed to make it onto the Korean Top 100 yearly charts, despite its release in 2005.
The company was established in 1980 and began vehicle manufacturing in that year, having taken over the facilities of Chrysler Australia.
The second generation, based on BMW's compact UKL platform, is available with front-wheel-drive and all-wheel-drive.
In June 2012, as five door hatchbacks became available, production of the 208 also commenced at Peugeot's French plants at Mulhouse and at Poissy.
Reflecting its SUV design, seating capacity in the Territory is for either five or seven passengers.
She has sold more than 7 million units in the country and 1.5 million albums in other Asian countries.
To date they have sold over 31 million albums and singles in Japan.
Katharine Hope McPhee is an American actress, singer and songwriter.
To date, she has garnered more than 200 local and international awards.
From December 2012 onwards Shin dated fellow Gag Concert comedian Kim Kiri, however it was reported in June 2015 that the two have since broken up.
It was released on 17 December 1976 on Charisma Records and is their last album to feature guitarist Steve Hackett.
Chevrolet and GMC sold two different-sized SUVs under their Blazer/Jimmy model names through the early 1990s.
Its successor, the LX 470, premiered in 1998 and was produced until 2006.
The following year in 1987, Kubota's second studio album, Groovin', debuted at number thirty-three and was certified million.
In 1926 Daimler Motoren Gesellschaft and Benz & Cie. merged forming Daimler-Benz and selling the Mercedes-Benz line of vehicles.
The Honda Odyssey is a minivan manufactured and marketed by Japanese automaker Honda since 1994, now in its fifth generation.
With the latest incarnation of the E-Class released for the 2017 model year, all body styles share the same W213 platform.
The sales of singles that are italicized are the compilation of sales in available markets instead of a worldwide sales figure.
They also won a Juno Award for the 2013 Christian/Contemporary Gospel Album of the Year.
The single became Kubota's first number one hit.
Kim Jong-dae, better known by his stage name Chen, is a South Korean singer-songwriter and actor.
The Chevrolet Avalanche is a four-door, five or six passenger Pickup Truck sharing GM's long-wheelbase chassis used on the Chevrolet Suburban and Cadillac Escalade EXT.
The base VTi 120 was normally aspirated and put out 120 PS.
The sales of singles that are italicized are the compilation of sales in available markets instead of a worldwide sales figure.
Available at Toyota Store dealers in Japan, the Crown has been popular for government usage, whether as a police car or for transporting government officials.
The group promoted a remix version of Easily on August 13 and released it on August 26.
The set and costume designer was Jon Barkla and the lighting designer was Karlis Ozols.
Although sales estimates for Thriller have been as high as 120 million copies, these sales figures are unreliable.
Ford's former UK subsidiaries Jaguar and Land Rover, acquired in 1989 and 2000 respectively, were sold to Tata Motors in March 2008.
Michael Jackson's Thriller, estimated to have sold 65 million copies worldwide, is the best-selling album.
This is a list of the world's best-selling albums of recorded music.
1 hit the following year with "You've Got a Friend", a recording of Carole King's classic song.
It was followed two years later by the critically acclaimed Spiderland, released on the independent label Touch and Go Records.
When first formed, the goal was to remake Castle's horror films.
In the Lexus lineup, the GX is situated between its crossover counterpart, the RX, and the premium full-size LX.
Anne returned to the group in 1982, before Linda left in 1983.
Her music was consistently categorized as pop until the release of her tenth studio album Expressions, when she added R&B and dance into her style.
Black Rain is the tenth studio album by British heavy metal vocalist Ozzy Osbourne, released 22 May 2007 on Epic Records.
It is primarily developed by Rockstar North, and published by Rockstar Games.
After 20 or 30 minutes, I realized these are not just petty criminals.
The CR-V also is produced in Wuhan for the Chinese market by the Dongfeng Honda Automobile Company, a joint venture with Dongfeng Motor Corporation.
Both rear-wheel drive and all-wheel drive configurations are available for the Australian market.
It is the first M5 to use a turbocharged engine.
It was founded in 1932 by Adriaan van Well.
The Cadillac CTS-V is a high-performance version of the Cadillac CTS.
Ford Australia reportedly spent A$500 million on developing this vehicle over a four-year period.
The company was founded in 1966 by Pekka Koskenkylä.
Oy Nautor AB is a Finnish producer of luxury sailing yachts, based in Jakobstad.
The figures given do not take into account the resale of used albums.
It features Acura's first six speed automatic transmission, advanced ventilated seats, as well as other luxury appointments.
In September 1988, Kubota released his third album, Such A Funky Thang!.
It was re-introduced to the market as a four-door sports sedan starting in 2008.
Referred to as one of Ireland's great romantic singers, his first album, Because in 1991 reached the top of the Irish music charts.
From late 2012, the M-Class was also assembled at new plants in India and Indonesia.
The second-generation model premiered in 1997, using a new platform, in-house styling, and adding a V8 version for the first time outside Japan.
FCA US is one of the "Big Three" American automobile manufacturers.
His third studio album, Free, was released in March 1991.
Currently, she has been listed as one of Malaysia's richest, most-influential, most award-winning, most single-produced artists.
Once Bitten is the third full-length studio album released by the American hard rock band Great White.
Bread was an American soft rock band from Los Angeles, California.
This is the list of the 100 best-selling certified singles in Finland, according to Musiikkituottajat – IFPI Finland.
Mitsubishi replaced this series in 2012 with a new generation which reverted to the Mirage name.
It is the successor to the 02 Series and has been produced in six different generations.
The sailboat building division of Tiara Yachts located in Holland, Michigan.
The model remains on sale in Venezuela as of early 2016 having yet to be replaced by FCA Venezuela with the KL model Cherokee.
The vehicle is produced at the Castle Bromwich Assembly plant in Birmingham, United Kingdom.
The group followed with their first full-length album, The Red, released on September 9, 2015, along with the title track "Dumb Dumb".
The label is also known for its series of concerts in major cities known as the Mad Decent Block Party.
Chrysler marketed the Pacifica as a "sports-tourer," building the vehicle at the Windsor Assembly Plant, alongside the long-wheelbase minivans from early 2003  through November 2007.
It has been certified Silver in the UK, and Gold in the US and France.
Following the release of their first greatest hits album, the new line-up released two studio albums.
The list is split between physical singles and digitally downloaded tracks which first became available to purchase in the early 2000s.
His artistic influences include Michael Jackson, Stevie Wonder, Marvin Gaye, Donny Hathaway, and Sly Stone.
Escalade production was skipped for the 2001 model year.
This stylistic change in direction would be maintained in Stellar's subsequent releases "Vibrato" in 2015 and their second extended play Sting in 2016.
The Chevrolet Malibu is a mid-size car manufactured and marketed by Chevrolet from 1964 to 1983 and since 1997.
Services contributes to 45% of the economic activity in the state, followed by manufacturing at 34% and agriculture at 21%.
Colombia is one of the largest music industry in Latin America.
The 7 Series is BMW's flagship car and is only available as a sedan.
This is a list of the best selling albums by country based on the information and certifications provided by the respective national charts.
The album's first single, "Over It", was a Pop Top 30 hit and was certified gold in 2008.
In the Lincoln model lineup, two crossover SUVs were introduced in the later 2000s: the five-passenger Lincoln MKX and the six/seven-passenger Lincoln MKT.
In 1985, Diamond-Star Motors was created, further expanding the Chrysler-Mitsubishi relationship.
The group is best known for their unconventional and experimental style of alternative metal music.
In February 2010, the group released their fourth single as a group, "Try to Follow Me".
Units sold include physical copies and digital downloads.
Thus, the GL is the luxury-oriented version of the G, and GLK is the compact version of the GL.
However, newer albums, such as 21 and Come Away with Me, are expected to have their claimed figures supported by at least 70% in certified copies.
She was also a coach in The Voice of the Philippines and The Voice Kids for two seasons from 2013 to 2015.
The Torrent shared its basic body structure and mechanicals with the Equinox.
The video featured backup dancers wearing shirts that are covered in radioluminescence paint.
This is the discography of Turkish pop singer İzel.
Following the next three years, Kubota released "Kubojah: Parallel World I", "Neptune", and "The Baddest II".
He is known for the variety of instruments he uses in his music, using over 100 different traditional and non-traditional instruments in his recordings.
By May 24, 2011, Chrysler finished repaying its obligations to the U.S. government five years early, although the cost to the American taxpayer was $1.3 billion.
This is the list of 100 best-selling singles, based on the data by Oricon.
The lead single "Love Rain" charted at number three on the Oricon Singles chart.
Turner's overall discography consists of nine studio albums, two live albums, two soundtracks, and five compilation albums.
Through its production, the Lincoln Continental has been produced in several bodystyles, including two-door and four-door convertibles, two-door and four-door hardtops and sedans, and two-door coupes.
Since model year 1999, Honda has marketed a larger Odyssey in North America and a smaller Odyssey in Japan and other markets.
NDFI's reserves stood at $24.4 billion in 2011 and $35 billion in 2012.
The criteria are that the figure must have been published by a reliable source and the album must have sold at least 20 million copies worldwide.
Later in 2008, she was named as one of Asia's Idol by Asia News Network.
The Encyclopædia Britannica, published by Encyclopædia Britannica, Inc., is a general knowledge English-language encyclopaedia.
Such albums have the certifications for the number of copies shipped indicated.
A masterpiece it exemplifies Argento’s abilities as a composer, “Argento’s Music speaks to his audience with a singular freshness and ardour”.
New CEO Lee Iacocca was credited with returning the company to profitability in the 1980s.
All albums listed here have sold over 400,000 copies.
In 1997, the Trans Sport added the Montana moniker as part of an available trim package.
Such albums have the certifications for the number of copies shipped indicated.
V8 engines were offered in the second and third generations, and all-wheel drive and hybrid versions debuted in 2005.
It was assembled at the Toledo North Assembly Plant in the United States, as well as in other countries including Egypt and Venezuela.
The Citroën Xsara was a small family car produced by the French automaker Citroën from 1997 to 2006.
Its members were in bands such as Carcass, Armageddon, Carnage, Mercyful Fate, Spiritual Beggars, Nevermore, and Eucharist.
The Ford Escape is a compact crossover vehicle sold by Ford since 2000 over three generations.
The mission of the Lottery is to produce the maximum amount of revenue possible for Kansas, while insuring the integrity of its games.
However their reports and charts are only available to industry insiders and are not available to the general public.
The Mercedes-Benz SL-Class is a grand touring car manufactured by Mercedes since 1954.
The Mustang is also credited for inspiring the designs of coupés such as the Toyota Celica and Ford Capri, which were imported to the United States.
A fast-selling album is defined as one with high sales in its first chart week following release.
4 on the Canadian RPM Album chart and No.
From the second half of 1999, design work commenced under Ford design chief, J Mays, and concluded in July 2002 with the design freeze.
The BMW 7 Series is a full-size luxury sedan produced by the German automaker BMW since 1977.
This is a list of the best selling albums by country based on the information and certifications provided by the respective national charts.
The 4.7-liter V8 engine in the GX 470 was the same as used on the larger LX 470.
It is foreseen that the Development Fund will reach $55 billion by March 2013 and $61 billion by March 2014.
They debuted in 2007 with Cheerful Sensibility.
First generation cars were mostly marketed as the Optima, although the Kia Magentis name was used in Europe and Canada when sales began there in 2002.
It has produced vehicles into the 21st century
Certified copies are sourced from available online databases of local music industry associations.
This is the list of top fifteen best-selling albums in South Korea.
He is currently part of Sony Music Japan.
At the same time, a slightly larger version of the same vehicle powered by a 4A31 1.1 L straight-4, the Mitsubishi Town Box Wide, was discontinued.
It is based on the EA169 platform introduced by the 2002 BA series Falcon, and its internal project codename was E265.
The album topped various music charts, including the Billboard World Albums Charts, while "Dumb Dumb" became their first single to surpass a million downloads.
The Acura TL is a mid-size luxury car that was manufactured by Acura.
It is the third season of Unpretty Rapstar, which premiered in January 2015 on Mnet and was hosted by Korean rapper YDG.
The band has continued to tour and record following extended hiatuses and line-up changes, released their latest studio album, Infestation, on April 20, 2010.
The name "miata" derives from Old High German for "reward".
The Nitro shared its platform with the second generation Jeep Liberty.
It was originally based on the platform of the second generation North American Ford Falcon, a compact car.
Albums are listed in order of number of copies sold and thereafter by the artist's first name.
The company was established in 1980 and began vehicle manufacturing in that year, having taken over the facilities of Chrysler Australia.
From 1980 to 2007, the Lincoln Town Car was assembled at Wixom Assembly, at Wixom, Michigan, alongside the Lincoln Continental, Mark Series, and Lincoln LS.
The Jeep Liberty, or Jeep Cherokee outside North America, is a compact SUV that was produced by Jeep and designed by Bob Boniface through early 1998.
This article covers only girl groups from that era and later.
The band have released eighteen studio albums, two live albums, two compilation albums, two EPs and one box set.
The criteria are that the figure must have been published by a reliable source and the album must have sold at least 20 million copies worldwide.
In the 2000s, with the original line up back together, the band found new popularity after a successful greatest hits reunion tour in 1999.
It fuses the TNF receptor to the constant end of the IgG1 antibody.
Formed in 1994, the group was made up of singers Victoria Beckham, Geri Halliwell, Emma Bunton, Melanie Brown and Melanie Chisholm.
The company began to sell the car in other European markets in March 2009.
Shin Min-a is a South Korean model and actress.
From late 2012, the M-Class was also assembled at new plants in India and Indonesia.
Ford began sales of the Focus to Europe in July 1998 and in North America during 1999 for the 2000 model year.
The Yukon and Yukon Denali is sold in United States, Canada, Mexico, Republic of China, the Middle East, Russia, The Philippines, Chile, and Europe in LHD.
Although sales estimates for Thriller have been as high as 120 million copies, these sales figures are unreliable.
The first generation was manufactured between 2006 and 2012 and was replaced in 2012 by the new generation GL-Class.
After being defeated in the Mexican–American War, Mexico ceded much of this territory to the United States in 1848.
A remastered reissue of this album, featuring a DVD with video clips and live performances, was released in 2007 as the 20th anniversary special edition.
His artistic influences include Michael Jackson, Stevie Wonder, Marvin Gaye, Donny Hathaway, and Sly Stone.
Mitsubishi Colt is a nameplate from Mitsubishi that has been applied to a number of automobiles since 1962.
SAIC Volkswagen sold a total of 1.16 million vehicles in 2011.
It was first published between 1768 and 1771 in the Scottish capital of Edinburgh, as three volumes.
Lottery products are sold at approximately 1,900 retailers.
Victoria's Secret is an American designer, manufacturer, and marketer of women's premium lingerie, womenswear, and beauty products.
Three generations have been produced, all based heavily on the long-running Toyota Land Cruiser SUVs.
Her second album, Unbroken, was released on Verve Forecast Records on January 5, 2010, and debuted at No.
Starting season 10, compilation albums are released for sales on iTunes straight after the contestants' performances during the season.
Turner's overall discography consists of nine studio albums, two live albums, two soundtracks, and five compilation albums.
The first-generation SC was largely styled in California at Calty, and the second-generation SC was mainly conceived at design studios in Europe.
He has also been in the bands Firedome, Crystal Pystal, Arcade, Vicious Delite, Vertex.
It was anchored by promotional singles "Clap Your Hands", "Go Away", "Can't Nobody", and "It Hurts".
Mercedes was a brand of DMG started in 1901.
It was introduced to Hong Kong in 1991, Mexico in 2004, China in 2006, Russia in 2014 and Kuwait in 2015.
As of January 2011, this album has sold 23,000 copies.
Introduced in May 2001 for the 2002 model year as a replacement for the Cherokee, the Liberty was priced between the Wrangler and Grand Cherokee.
They made also an appearance in the movie Mr.
This is the list of best-selling artists in South Korea.
The following is a List of Mercedes-Benz vehicles indexed by year of introduction.
The Chevrolet Avalanche is a four-door, five or six passenger Pickup Truck sharing GM's long-wheelbase chassis used on the Chevrolet Suburban and Cadillac Escalade EXT.
The single became Kubota's first number one hit.
All albums included on this list have their available claimed figures supported by at least 30% in certified copies.
All seating rows are arranged in a "theatre style", whereby the first row is the lowest and the last row is the highest.
The plug-in market share climbed to 1.57% of new car registrations during the first three quarters of 2016.
The band became icons of the '80s MTV era and have had widespread commercial success.
This list can contain any types of albums, including studio albums, greatest hits, compilations, various artists, soundtracks and remixes.
The company is headquartered in unincorporated Fairfax County, Virginia, near Herndon.
The Five Hundred/Montego utilize a standard front-wheel drive configuration; an electro-hydraulic Haldex all-wheel drive system is optional.
In 2010 estimates by Jeep were that 70% of Liberty buyers were new to the marque.
The GMC Envoy is a midsize SUV that was produced by General Motors.
Most years have seen a Motorsport version of the 5 series, called the BMW M5.
This is a list of the best selling albums by country based on the information and certifications provided by the respective national charts.
The album was awarded Platinum status in May 1986 and was awarded Double Platinum status in October 1994 by the RIAA.
Since his debut, Hirai has worked as a model, actor, composer, lyricist, singer, and spokesperson.
In South Korea, she is currently signed to C9 Entertainment's Wealive.
Drive-Thru Records, established in 1996, was a California-based record label owned by siblings Richard and Stefanie Reines.
When the group debuted in 2006, they were marketed as the female version of SG Wannabe.
The Chevrolet Tahoe and GMC Yukon currently serve as a part of General Motors' full-size SUV family.
The Lincoln MKS continues Lincoln's three-letter nomenclature for new models, preceded by the MKZ, MKT, and MKX, and followed by the MKC.
The album features "Shallow Sleep", a hit single released in July 1992.
Shown at the Frankfurt launch were several further Up concepts, including a 98 hp GT version, a natural gas-powered Eco-up!
This is a list of the 100 best-selling singles in France during the 1990s.
In 1926 Daimler Motoren Gesellschaft and Benz & Cie. merged forming Daimler-Benz and selling the Mercedes-Benz line of vehicles.
Over their career, they have found success incorporating elements of heavy metal, hardcore punk, pop, funk, hip hop and ska into their sound.
In 2014, it is expected to start producing two models in Xiangyang, China, a plant operated by Nissan's joint venture with Dongfeng Motor.
Since model year 1999, Honda has marketed a larger Odyssey in North America and a smaller Odyssey in Japan and other markets.
2 received Platinum status within 3 weeks.
Taiwan's album sales peaked in 1990s, but it was adversely impacted by the copyright infringement and Internet downloads since the 21st century.
The W126 was initially offered with straight-six, V8, and a turbocharged diesel engine for the sedan.
A luxury Denali model joined the Yukon lineup in 1998.
These countries include Russia, Cyprus, Estonia and some others.
The lead single "Love Rain" charted at number three on the Oricon Singles chart.
The album continues the band's progression to a more pop rock sound, but retains some post-hardcore influences on tracks.
McPhee released her fourth album, Hysteria, on September 18, 2015.
Ryu Si-won is a South Korean actor and singer.
She gained fame in May 2006 as the runner-up on the fifth season of American Idol.
Elle'ments is the debut studio album by German girl group No Angels.
This is a list of the world's best-selling albums of recorded music.
The game also features 51 tracks, many of which are new or modified versions of old Gran Turismo favorites, with some notable real-world additions.
The Oricon Singles Chart is the Japanese music industry standard singles popularity chart issued daily, weekly, monthly and yearly by Oricon.
Although sales estimates for Thriller have been as high as 120 million copies, these sales figures are unreliable.
In addition, the band has had two Latin Grammy nominations.
The blues heavy LP was a critical and commercial success.
VWoA is responsible for five marques: Audi, Bentley, Bugatti, Lamborghini, and Volkswagen cars.
It features a lightened and stiffened body, specially tuned engine and upgraded brakes and chassis.
The Cadillac Escalade is closely related to the Denali models of the Yukon.
The boot is 385 litres or 1021 litres with the back seats folded down.
Retitling themselves as "Namie Amuro with Super Monkey’s" to achieve further success, they released a studio album and a compilation.
Toyota's Lexus division became concerned about the potential name confusion with its Lexus LS.
In September 1997, it was replaced by the Xsara, but production in Europe continued until 1998.
The Kia Optima is a mid-sized 4-door sedan manufactured by Kia Motors since 2000 and marketed globally through various nameplates.
The first generation Odyssey was marketed in Europe as the Shuttle.
It contributed to the development of electro, hip hop, techno, and bleep techno.
The company was formed when BMW sold the car-making and engine manufacturing assets of the original Rover Group to the Phoenix Consortium in 2000.
This list can contain any types of albums, including studio albums, greatest hits, compilations, various artists, soundtracks and remixes.
BMW manufactures the second generation X3 at their Spartanburg plant in South Carolina, United States.
The Infiniti marque is not used in Japan.
The song was originally recorded during the Lovedrive sessions in 1978 and released two years later as side-A.
He was a member of Jpop idol boy band KAT-TUN from their debut until September 30, 2013 when his contract with Johnny & Associates was terminated.
Ford began sales of the Focus to Europe in July 1998 and in North America during 1999 for the 2000 model year.
For 2006, a 3.9 L LZ9 V6, with 240 hp and 240 lb·ft torque.
Most Infiniti models have direct equivalents in the Japanese domestic market Nissan lineup.
South Korean R&B singer Lyn has released eleven studio albums, two extended plays, and twenty-six singles since debuting in 2000.
Albums are listed in order of number of copies sold and thereafter by the artist's first name.
Their debut album, The Doors, released by Elektra Records, charted at No.
Sold primarily in North America, the Navigator is the Lincoln counterpart of the Ford Expedition.
He is currently part of Sony Music Japan.
Although sales estimates for Thriller have been as high as 120 million copies, these sales figures are unreliable.
The Chevrolet Malibu is a mid-size car manufactured and marketed by Chevrolet from 1964 to 1983 and since 1997.
The F30 also marked the 3 Series' first use of a three-cylinder engine in its 2015 facelift.
Wherever possible, references to verify the claims have been included, however even figures given by manufacturers may have a degree of inaccuracy or hyperbole.
They started performing in bars and concert halls in Goiás regions.
The body styles of the sixth generation 3 Series range are:
The 1993 Legend coupé featured Honda's first use of a six-speed manual transmission, mated to a Type II engine.
She has released 9 studio albums, 2 remix albums, 2 remix EP's and a single.
5 in the USA, where it became platinum on 20 June 1988.
The Mercedes-Benz W126 is a series of S-Class automobiles manufactured by Mercedes-Benz between 1979 and 1992.
The first game in the series, released in 1991, was conceived by Sega's Sonic Team division after Sega requested a mascot character.
A fast-selling album is defined as one with high sales in its first chart week following release.
Over 50% of the state is urbanized, accounting for 9.6% of the urban population in the country while only comprising 6% of India's total population.
At the same time, a slightly larger version of the same vehicle powered by a 4A31 1.1 L straight-4, the Mitsubishi Town Box Wide, was discontinued.
The platform has been designed for front and all-wheel drive applications.
The Pilot is sold in North America, while the Honda MDX was marketed in Japan and Australia for several years.
The Ford F-Series is a series of light-duty trucks and medium-duty trucks that have been marketed and manufactured by Ford Motor Company since 1948.
The Nolans are an Irish girl group who formed in 1974 as The Nolan Sisters, before changing their name in 1980.
This list can contain any types of albums, including studio albums, greatest hits, compilations, various artists, soundtracks and remixes.
The company is headquartered in unincorporated Fairfax County, Virginia, near Herndon.
The original Z in Z1 stood for Zukunft.
The Giulietta came in second place in the 2011 European Car of the Year awards.
The Oricon Singles Chart is the Japanese music industry standard singles popularity chart issued daily, weekly, monthly and yearly by Oricon.
The game was conceived as an original intellectual property before being reworked into an entry in the Sonic series.
This list can contain any types of albums, including studio albums, greatest hits, compilations, various artists, soundtracks and remixes.
The Mustang has undergone several transformations to its current sixth generation.
Such albums have the certifications for the number of copies shipped indicated.
Otogibanashi is the 30th studio album by Japanese singer-songwriter Miyuki Nakajima, released in October 2002.
"Keep Singing" was released as the lead single from the album on 6 April 2016, peaking to number 127 on the UK Singles Chart.
It was one of the most famous rock groups in the Soviet Union.
This page shows the best-selling Christmas albums in the United States.
The other species are generally known as crabapples or wild apples.
Though largely identical in exterior and interior design, the GS and the Aristo differed in their engine and transmission combinations as well as equipment packages.
Historically, the E-Class is Mercedes-Benz' best-selling model, with more than 13 million sold by 2015.
The Solstice uses the GM Kappa platform, which also underpins the Saturn Sky, Opel GT, and Daewoo G2X.
Following his 1977 album, JT, he has retained a large audience over the decades.
Although sales estimates for Thriller have been as high as 120 million copies, these sales figures are unreliable.
The third generation was launched in 2007.
Built on the Toyota New MC platform, it is classified as a compact under Japanese regulations concerning vehicle exterior dimensions and engine displacement.
The Encyclopædia Britannica, published by Encyclopædia Britannica, Inc., is a general knowledge English-language encyclopaedia.
An upscale CXL trim added a better Bose stereo and XM Satellite Radio.
Love Psychedelico is a Japanese rock band, often called Delico for short.
The company began an engineering partnership with Mitsubishi Motors, and began selling Mitsubishi vehicles branded as Dodge and Plymouth in North America.
Park Gyu-ri, better known by the mononym Gyuri, is a South Korean singer, actress, and radio personality.
This article covers only girl groups from that era and later.
Anne returned to the group in 1982, before Linda left in 1983.
Juliet Nicole Biersack is an American singer-songwriter and former front woman of the band Automatic Loveletter.
Unlike the Saxo, with 2 of 5 stars from Euro NCAP, the C2 achieved 4 out of 5 stars.
The two cars have relatively different designs, allowing Citroën to grab different sub markets of the supermini class.
The Mercury Montego is a nameplate that was applied to three distinct vehicles marketed by its Mercury division.
The following is a List of Mercedes-Benz vehicles indexed by year of introduction.
It was nominated for an Emmy Award for Outstanding Nonfiction Series and won a Grammy Award for Best Long Form Video.
This is the discography of Turkish pop singer Candan Erçetin.
Such albums have the certifications for the number of copies shipped indicated.
In December 1991, the album won the 33rd Japan Record Awards for "Best Pop/Rock Album" and "Excellent Albums" prizes.
In 2000, she released her debut album, Delicious Way, which debuted at number-one and sold over 2,210,000 copies in its first week.
The Suburban has been produced under the Chevrolet, Holden,Plymouth and GMC marques until the GMC version was rebranded as the GMC Yukon XL.
The group officially debuted by having their debut music stage on August 9, 2012, on M Countdown.
It has also been labelled as "Recreation Cross Country" in some markets.
1 hits, as well as gold and platinum records.
This page shows the best-selling Christmas albums in the United States.
Compilations for individual contestants were released digitally starting season 6.
Oy Nautor AB is a Finnish producer of luxury sailing yachts, based in Jakobstad.
The tC was introduced first in the United States in 2005 and then, beginning with the second generation in 2010, in Canada as well.
It received a mild restyle for the 2006 model year.
The following is a List of Mercedes-Benz vehicles indexed by year of introduction.
Michael Jackson's Thriller, estimated to have sold 65 million copies worldwide, is the best-selling album.
John William Feldmann is an American musician and producer.
The Raider filled the gap in the Mitsubishi lineup since the discontinuation of the Mighty Max in 1996.
The company was founded in 1902, and is headquartered in Manitowoc, Wisconsin.
The Philippine Labor Migration Policy of the Philippine government allows and encourages emigration.
They represented Turkey at the Eurovision Song Contest 2010 with the song "We Could Be the Same" and took second place.
Type-S versions of the RSX, CL, and TL were added to the brand's lineup during that decade.
In 1926 Daimler Motoren Gesellschaft and Benz & Cie. merged forming Daimler-Benz and selling the Mercedes-Benz line of vehicles.
In 1962, Tokushin music reports was founded and became the leading provider of music sales in Japan.
Victoria's Secret is an American designer, manufacturer, and marketer of women's premium lingerie, womenswear, and beauty products.
The Range Rover Evoque is a compact luxury crossover SUV produced by the British manufacturer Land Rover, part of Tata's Jaguar Land Rover group.
One notable feature was the Dakota's rack and pinion steering, a first for work trucks.
After CCR parted ways in 1972 Fogerty had a successful solo career.
The follow up to their Urban Legendz album featured the songs: "I'm That Nigga", "Sukka Dukkas" and "Heartbreaker."
A luxury Denali model joined the Yukon lineup in 1998.
Oceanborn is the second studio album by Finnish symphonic metal band Nightwish, released in December 1998 in Finland and in the Spring of 1999 worldwide.
This is the list of top fifteen best-selling albums in South Korea.
He released an album, Hurricane, with Big Machine Label Group in August 2016.
Jackson also currently has the highest number of albums on the list with five, while The Beatles and Madonna each have three.
Ford owns an 8% stake in Aston Martin of the United Kingdom, and a 49% stake in Jiangling of China.
Certified quintuple platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America, it sold more than 2.8 million copies in the United States.
Park Bom began her musical career in 2006, featuring on singles released by label-mates Big Bang, Lexy and Masta Wu.
Breaking up in 2005 due to creative differences, band members nevertheless re-united in 2011 to play several Canadian tour dates during the summer.
V8 engines were offered in the second and third generations, and all-wheel drive and hybrid versions debuted in 2005.
He made his recording debut in South Korea with the single, "Say My Name," just before his debut as a member of M.I.B.
Certified copies are sourced from available online databases of local music industry associations.
The group was formed by Korean entertainment company Cube Entertainment in 2012, and consists of seven members.
Under certain circumstances, the pedal can stick in a partially depressed position, or return slowly to the off position.
The second generation interior has been further differentiated with fewer shared components.
Michael Jackson's Thriller, estimated to have sold 65 million copies worldwide, is the best-selling album.
Just Like You is the debut album from American Idol's eighth season contestant Allison Iraheta.
Future problems were beginning to take shape, as the members' drug use and internal fighting began to escalate.
It is largely derived from the GM Epsilon platform, which underlies the Chevrolet Malibu sedan and similar models.
In the 2000s, with the original line up back together, the band found new popularity after a successful greatest hits reunion tour in 1999.
SAIC-GM began assembling the venture's first vehicle, the Buick Regal, in Shanghai, China in 1999.
During the entry of Hyundai in 1996, there were only five major automobile manufacturers in India, i.e.
The album topped Korean music charts on its release.
The third chronological title, Grand Theft Auto III, is considered a landmark title, as it brought the series to a 3D setting and more immersive experience.
Monkey Majik is signed to Binyl Records, a subsidiary of Avex Records.
The name Yukon refers to the Yukon territory of northern Canada.
The band have continued with their original stage makeup, with Singer and Thayer using the original Catman and Space Ace makeup, respectively.
Such albums have the certifications for the number of copies shipped indicated.
The figures given do not take into account the resale of used albums.
The criteria are that the figure must have been published by a reliable source and the album must have sold at least 20 million copies worldwide.
It was nominated for a Grammy Award in 1998 for Best Rock Album.
All albums listed here have sold over 400,000 copies.
Stellar gained notoriety in February 2014, when they adopted a more "provocative" image for the release of their first extended play Marionette.
To date, she has sold more than 4.9 million in record sales.
The popularity continued into the new decade with their third consecutive multi platinum selling album Flesh & Blood.
The Lincoln Navigator was the first Lincoln to be produced in a factory outside the Wixom Assembly Plant since 1958.
In 2014, it is expected to start producing two models in Xiangyang, China, a plant operated by Nissan's joint venture with Dongfeng Motor.
The Jeep facility is part of an automobile complex which includes the Toledo South Assembly Plant, home to the Jeep Wrangler since the 1940s.
The album peaked at number two and became certified double platinum, selling over 840,00 copies.
The Acura RL is a full-size luxury sedan that was manufactured by the Acura division of Honda for the 1996–2012 model years over two generations.
The Accord has been on the Car and Driver 10Best list a record 30 times.
Released in December 1979, the song reached number three in the UK in February 1980 and topped the Japanese charts in November 1980.
The first album under Rhythmedia Tribe, Kiss in the Sky, became Misia's fourth consecutive number-one album on the Oricon albums chart.
Before data was collected electronically, the charts were compiled on the basis of faxes that were sent from record shops.
The BMW X1 is a compact luxury crossover SUV manufactured and marketed worldwide by BMW since 2009.
Original guitarist, Charlie Paulson, returned to the band after his departure.
In 1992, the Sonoma-Mendocino Council merged with the Redwood Area Council, to form a new Redwood Empire Council.
Toshinobu "Toshi" Kubota is a Japanese singer, songwriter, musician, music producer, and radio personality.
Pilots are currently manufactured in Lincoln, Alabama, and the Pilot was produced in Alliston, Ontario until April 2007.
The band continues to release compilations through Rhino Records and new live material through both Rhino and their Bright Midnight Archives label.
The Austin Seven was renamed Austin Mini in January 1962 and Mini became a marque in its own right in 1969.
The Lexus HS is a dedicated hybrid vehicle introduced by Lexus as a new entry-level luxury compact sedan in 2009.
The album was certified Gold by the RIAA and eventually sold approximately 700,000 copies in the United States.
In the 2000s, with the original line up back together, the band found new popularity after a successful greatest hits reunion tour in 1999.
It is listed on the New York Stock Exchange and is controlled by the Ford family, although they have minority ownership.
It was initially available with the alloy-headed 4A30 657 cc straight-4 engine, but switched to the 3G83 659 cc straight-3 engine in 2002.
The MWRA was created in 1985 and assumed sewage and wastewater treatment functions from the former MDC, now the DCR, which still maintains the watershed lands.
This is the list of best-selling artists in South Korea.
The Lottery sponsors several races at the Kansas Speedway, including the Kansas Lottery 150 and the Kansas Lottery 300.
The band toured in Europe and North America to support the release of the album.
The franchise centers on a series of speed-based platform games.
Today, she is called the Queen of Pinoy Popular Culture for her enormous contribution in the Philippine showbiz industry, particularly in the popular culture.
The group's name is an abbreviation for Urban+Zappy+Kaleidoscopic+Passionate.
It also controls VW Credit, Inc., Volkswagen's financial services and credit operations.
The HHR shares the GM Delta platform with the Chevrolet Cobalt, Pontiac G5, and Saturn Ion.
The Libertarian Party of Connecticut is a statewide affiliate of the U.S. Libertarian Party.
Approximately 262,900 LS models were manufactured, including 2,331 manual transmission V6 models, and 1,500 LSE editions.
After a four-year hiatus, Kubota released his fifteenth album, Timeless Fly in February 2010.
The Honda Pilot is a mid-size crossover SUV manufactured by Honda and introduced in 2002.
It includes artists from all over the world, but it only includes sales in the United States of America.
The Scion tC and subsequent Toyota Zelas, is a sport compact coupe manufactured by Toyota from 2004 to 2016 over two generations: ANT10 and AGT20.
They have participated in many other albums and OSTs.
The bankruptcy resulted in Chrysler defaulting on over $4 billion in debts.
She debuted in 2012 as a member of 15&.
Here is the official SNEP list for the 100 best selling singles in France's history.
By then the line-up was the McComb brothers and MacDonald with Jill Birt and Martyn P. Casey.
She debuted in 2012 as a member of 15&.
As a result, her congressional campaign did not take place.
The company was founded in 1966 by Pekka Koskenkylä.
She is signed with Starchild Records, a division of King Records.
A ¾-ton chassis vehicle, the Ford Excursion was designed as a competitor for the 2500-series Chevrolet Suburban and GMC Yukon XL.
A redesigned version of the car was shown at the 2012 Paris Motor Show on 27 September 2012 and was on sale in Europe by November.
It is a blend of imported Scotch whisky and locally produced products., and is sold in octagonal bottles.
They share the exterior appearance with the 2010 model, however are equipped with cloth interior, and add bluetooth.
By July 2009, there were only 5,000 unsold G8s in inventory, with almost 30,700 sold.
The format of each season varies, but generally consists of contestants going head to head in a series of challenges until only one rapper remains.
Since 2003, she has had six top 10 hits in Norway.
"I Don't Care" served as the lead promotional single during this period, and also reached number one.
It was introduced for the 1998 model year.
Ailee received the Best New Artist Award at the MelOn Music Awards, Golden Disk Awards, Gaon Chart K-Pop Awards and the Seoul Music Awards.
Paktofonika was a Polish hip hop group from Katowice and Mikołów, which debuted with the album Kinematografia in 2000.
Lita is the third solo studio album by the American rock singer and guitarist Lita Ford.
The Jaguar XJ is the latest version of the Jaguar XJ executive saloon from Jaguar Cars.
Historically, the E-Class is Mercedes-Benz' best-selling model, with more than 13 million sold by 2015.
Albums are listed in order of number of copies sold and thereafter by the artist's first name.
They are best known for their hit single "I'm In the Mood for Dancing".
The MDX was the first crossover SUV to have third-row seating, and shares a platform with the Honda Pilot.
Geronimo has a collective box-office receipt of over PHP 1 billion; with at least 6 films that have grossed in excess of PHP 100 million.
Starting season 10, compilation albums are released for sales on iTunes straight after the contestants' performances during the season.
The second minivan designed by the company, it marked the transition from rear-wheel drive to front-wheel drive layouts popularized by the Chrysler minivans.
Mad Clown is known for his sharp, high tone rapping.
Chance's debut album, Hold On 'Til the Night, was released on August 2, 2011.
The album was also number one on the "Top 20 Album Sales" with 44,618 copies sold in May and 125,450 sold altogether.
The group's first major release, the EP Ice Cream Cake, was released on March 17, 2015.
This is a list of the world's best-selling albums of recorded music.
The Pontiac Torrent is a midsize crossover SUV that was produced by General Motors for the 2006 to 2009 model years.
Her self-titled debut album was released on RCA Records on January 30, 2007, and debuted at number two on the Billboard 200, selling 381,000 copies.
Unlike the Saxo, with 2 of 5 stars from Euro NCAP, the C2 achieved 4 out of 5 stars.
The band stopped performing the song live for years afterwards.
This list doesn't include singles that were released before 1968, and is only from data collected from Oricons retail partners and not the record companies.
It also spawned a top ten single "Be Good to Yourself"(No.
In fact, both generations of the GX have been heavily based on the Prado, with updated frontal styling to better integrate with the Lexus design language.
It is commonly available in 750ml, 375ml and 180ml bottles, and also available in 90ml bottles.
Since September 2014, she has starred in Scorpion as Paige Dineen.
At its peak in September 2013, there were 85 million BlackBerry subscribers worldwide.
It is the successor to the 02 Series and has been produced in six different generations.
Service to Manassas began on June 22, 1992; the Fredericksburg service started on July 20, 1992.
Some episodes were 30 minutes long while others were 60 minutes.
These are the top 10 best-selling albums in Indonesia, according to physical sales.
The Suburban has been produced under the Chevrolet, Holden,Plymouth and GMC marques until the GMC version was rebranded as the GMC Yukon XL.
In September 1995, Kubota released an English version of Bumpin' Voyage, which was titled Sunshine, Moonlight, his eighth album.
The Lincoln MKS continues Lincoln's three-letter nomenclature for new models, preceded by the MKZ, MKT, and MKX, and followed by the MKC.
Certified copies are sourced from available online databases of local music industry associations.
It was voted European Car of the Year for 1988 by the largest number of votes in the history of the contest.
The rear bench is split 50-50, with each section able to be slid forwards or backwards individually.
Jason Blum has spoken to Silver twice about doing a co-production with Blumhouse Productions for Universal to distribute but they haven't found the right project yet.
All generations of the Taurus have been built at the Chicago Assembly.
As of 2002, a Denali version of the Yukon XL has also been available as the Yukon XL Denali.
The criteria are that the figure must have been published by a reliable source and the album must have sold at least 20 million copies worldwide.
Sold primarily in North America, the Navigator is the Lincoln counterpart of the Ford Expedition.
This is a list of the world's best-selling albums of recorded music.
It only came one way for 2010, lacking the navigation package of the 2008 Limited trim, and only came equipped with leather seating.
The RX name stands for Radiant Crossover.
The designation "SLK" derives from the company's design mission to create a roadster that was at once sporty, light and short—in German: sportlich, leicht und kurz.
Production ended with the introduction of the fourth-generation Mustang for the 1994 model year.
Certified copies are sourced from available online databases of local music industry associations.
The lead single "Love Rain" charted at number three on the Oricon Singles chart.
The album peaked at number one and sold over a half million records worldwide.
In the Heat of the Night is the platinum-certified debut studio album by American recording artist Pat Benatar, released by Chrysalis Records on August 27, 1979.
In the 80's, the band released concert films, and live and compilation albums to much commercial success.
It includes artists from all over the world, but it only includes sales in the United States of America.
This is the list of best-selling artists in South Korea.
Dog & Butterfly is the fourth studio album by American rock band Heart, released on October 7, 1978 through Portrait Records.
Here is an incomplete list of locomotives and multiple units used by the narrow-gauge railways in Russia.
When first formed, the goal was to remake Castle's horror films.
The group's name stems from the idea that each member is reminiscent of a different type of chocolate.
The Milan is available in six packaged variants: I4, V6, I4 Premier, V6 Premier, V6 AWD, and Premier AWD.
Services contributes to 45% of the economic activity in the state, followed by manufacturing at 34% and agriculture at 21%.
In many countries, commercial toys must be able to pass safety tests in order to be sold.
It started as Original Confidence Inc., which was founded by Sōkō Koike in November 1967 and became known for its music charts.
She is best known as a member of the South Korean girl group 2NE1.
Units sold include physical copies and digital downloads.
Her third album, the holiday-themed Christmas Is the Time to Say I Love You, was released on October 12, 2010.
The Maybach 57 and 62 were the first automobile models of the Maybach brand since the brand's revival by DaimlerChrysler AG.
These two tracks were replaced with "Back Talk" and "Troubled Child".
The 2006 Mark LT outsold the Cadillac Escalade EXT, but the 2007 EXT gained on the Mark LT's sales consistently.
The model was announced as the "P4" in 2009.
This is the list of best-selling artists in South Korea.
The 308 features a range of petrol and diesel engine options.
It uses the Honda Civic platform in an SUV body; "CR-V,” stands for Compact Recreational Vehicle.
With its QX60 crossover Infiniti began to produce vehicle outside Japan.
The follow-up game, Gran Turismo 5, was released in 2010 exclusively for the PlayStation 3.
Each of them started singing sertaneja songs individually, and their careers met in 2005.
Her self-titled debut album was released on RCA Records on January 30, 2007, and debuted at number two on the Billboard 200, selling 381,000 copies.
The band is known for their innovative punk, rock, and pop meldings of noisy but melodic music in the 1990s.
Japan has the second largest music market in the world.
The majority of the albums are from national artists.
The Oldsmobile Alero was a Midsize car that was produced by General Motors from 1999 to 2004.
With the cancellation of GM's next-generation DOHC V8, it appears unlikely that GM will offer a V8 engine for Lambda.
TVXQ's "Rising Sun" still managed to make it onto the Korean Top 100 yearly charts, despite its release in 2005.
The Volkswagen Up is a city car, part of the Volkswagen Group New Small Family series of models, unveiled at the 2011 International Motor Show Germany.
Although sales estimates for Thriller have been as high as 120 million copies, these sales figures are unreliable.
This is a list of the world's best-selling albums of recorded music.
Her work with Tarkan resulted in continental hits like "Şımarık" and "Şıkıdım" and her collaboration with Goran Bregovic widened her international audience.
2 received Platinum status within 3 weeks.
The Town Box was discontinued in November 2011, ending the twelve-year production run
Initially, the coupe came in base, Enthusiast, Performance, Touring and Track versions, while the roadster was limited to Enthusiast and Touring trim levels.
The rearmost part of the H2 SUV was modified to a pickup truck bed for the 2005 H2 SUT.
On December 9, 2016, he released the song "Inspiration" for the project Station.
The second minivan designed by the company, it marked the transition from rear-wheel drive to front-wheel drive layouts popularized by the Chrysler minivans.
Starting season 10, compilation albums are released for sales on iTunes straight after the contestants' performances during the season.
The presence of the electric powertrain is intended to achieve either better fuel economy than a conventional vehicle or better performance.
Nugent initially gained fame as the lead guitarist of the Amboy Dukes, a band formed in 1963 that played psychedelic rock and hard rock.
A C126 2-door coupé versions was introduced in September 1981.
This is a list of the 100 best-selling singles in France during the 1990s.
They are derived from the Benz Maybach concept car presented at the 1997 Tokyo Motor Show.
It was initially marketed by Mercedes-Benz as a "Sports Cruiser" and later as a "Family Tourer".
The album's title track peaked at number thirty-five on the Gaon Digital Chart, making it their most commercially successful single thus far.
Albums are listed in order of number of copies sold and thereafter by the artist's first name.
The songs "Stick to Your Guns" and "Live Wire" were released as singles for the album.
We Are Boyfriend is the first special compilation album by South Korean boy band Boyfriend to be released in Japan.
3 on the Oricon Chart, and "Gara Gara Go!!".
In 2016, he landed his first leading role in KBS2's Moorim School.
This list was made public in a prime-time nationwide broadcast on M6 on February 6, 2004.
She has co-written six songs' lyrics: "Dialogue," "Halfway," "Life Is Beautiful," "Mirror," "Sōkyokusen" and "Taion".
It was part of a product rejuvenation for Saturn intended to make the brand profitable as well as competitive with European imports.
Its successor, the LX 470, premiered in 1998 and was produced until 2006.
Imratul Najwa Binti Abdul Latif, better known by her stage name Najwa Latif, is a Malaysian singer and idol.
The Mustang is also credited for inspiring the designs of coupés such as the Toyota Celica and Ford Capri, which were imported to the United States.
It has produced vehicles into the 21st century
The lead single, "She Wants to Dance With Me" was Astley's first single which he wrote himself and became a worldwide top 10 hit.
Of the 20 best selling albums in Colombia, Colombian artists dominate the list with seventeen entries.
For 1981, the Lincoln Town Car became a distinct product, taking the place of the previous Continental in the Lincoln model line.
Volkswagen Group of America, Inc., is the North American operational headquarters, and subsidiary of the Volkswagen Group of automobile companies of Germany.
This is the list of best-selling artists in South Korea.
It was released on 7 November 1981, and re-issued on CD on 22 August 1995.
Edward Finbar Wright, known popularly as Finbar Wright, is a popular music singer, songwriter, and poet from County Cork, Ireland.
The figures given do not take into account the resale of used albums.
Chevrolet waited until 1994 to rebadge the redesigned mid-size S-10 Blazer as the Blazer, renaming the full-size Blazer as the Tahoe.
The band began the new decade with the release of the long-awaited Crack a Smile... and More!, followed by the Power to the People album.
It also reached the Top 10 in France and Italy, the Top 20 in Canada and the Top 30 in several European countries.
The Citroën C1 is a city car produced by the French manufacturer Citroën since June 2005.
As of January 2011, this album has sold 23,000 copies.
It was originally based on the platform of the second generation North American Ford Falcon, a compact car.
The team raced successfully as Brawn GP in 2009, and was subsequently sold to Daimler AG and renamed Mercedes GP for the 2010 season.
This was the band's final studio album prior to their disbanding, and Schenker moving on to form the McAuley Schenker Group with vocalist Robin McAuley.
These recordings make up a portion of what is known as the Bright Midnight Archives.
She was listed second by MTV Asia in Asia's Best Musical Artiste  and Channel V's Biggest Asian Artiste in 2005.
As of January 2011, this album has sold 23,000 copies.
Sales figures are not released during the season for these album so all numbers are for sales after the season is over.
Her third album, the holiday-themed Christmas Is the Time to Say I Love You, was released on October 12, 2010.
The eleventh generation of the Ford Thunderbird is a personal luxury car that was produced by Ford for the 2001 to 2005 model years.
Duffy also won three awards at the 2009 BRIT Awards for her work on Rockferry including Best British Album, whilst Butler was given the Producer's Award.
The videography of South Korean girl group T-ara includes 56 music videos, 7 video albums, 7 reality television series and 15 commercials.
In the 80's, the band released concert films, and live and compilation albums to much commercial success.
The first two generations had a Japanese domestic market equivalent, the Toyota Aristo, which was sold from 1991 until the Lexus marque's domestic debut in 2005.
The Ford Explorer is a full-size sport utility vehicle produced by the American manufacturer Ford Motor Company since 1990, based since 2010 on a crossover platform.
The Mitsubishi Proudia is a luxury car manufactured by Mitsubishi Motors, positioned just below the flagship Mitsubishi Dignity limousine in the company's range.
The album itself as of 2005, has been sold to a total of more than 800,000 units in Malaysia alone.
The word "escalade" refers to a siege warfare tactic of scaling defensive walls or ramparts with the aid of ladders or siege towers.
Melodies is the studio album recorded by a Japanese singer-songwriter Tatsuro Yamashita, released in June 1983.
It is the successor to the Chevrolet Uplander, the Chevrolet TrailBlazer, the Chevrolet HHR, the Chevrolet Astro, and the Saturn Outlook.
A digital version is purchaseable at ITunes.
This page shows the best-selling Christmas albums in the United States.
The XLR was nominated for the North American Car of the Year award for 2004.The XLR replaced the Allante.
This passed the previous record of 3.00 million set by the album Distance by Hikaru Utada in Japan in 2001.
From late 2012, the M-Class was also assembled at new plants in India and Indonesia.
22 on the Billboard 200, thus making it the band's highest charting album in the U.S.
After its slow sale, the work was eventually certified Gold by the ČNS IFPI, reaching its peak on the local music chart at number #24.
The criteria are that the figure must have been published by a reliable source and the album must have sold at least 20 million copies worldwide.
Here is an incomplete list of locomotives and multiple units used by the narrow-gauge railways in Russia.
No compilations were released in season 7.
It is the successor to the Chevrolet Uplander, the Chevrolet TrailBlazer, the Chevrolet HHR, the Chevrolet Astro, and the Saturn Outlook.
Primarily aimed at the North American market, the Pilot is the largest SUV from Honda and features three-row seating.
Albums are listed in order of number of copies sold and thereafter by the artist's first name.
It peaked at number 1 on the UK Albums Chart and number 10 on the US Billboard 200.
It has been ranked asa the most economically free state in India by the Economic Freedom Rankings for the States of India.
Hybrid transaxles are built at the Kokura plant in Kitakyushu, Fukuoka since 2009.
On December 20, 2005, the eK Classy was discontinued.
For the fourth studio album The Soft Parade, The Doors chose to incorporate string and brass instruments into a number of their songs.
Later in 2008, she was named as one of Asia's Idol by Asia News Network.
This is a list of PC games that have sold or shipped at least one million copies.
Such albums have the certifications for the number of copies shipped indicated.
South Korean R&B, Soul and Hip-hop singer Ra.D has released four studio albums, one extended play and eight singles since debuting in 2002.
Rockferry is the debut studio album by Welsh singer Duffy, released on 3 March 2008 in the United Kingdom by A&M Records.
The GMC Terrain is a crossover SUV that is made by General Motors.
Its success in the US boosted its predecessor, Slide It In, from gold to double platinum status.
Certified copies are sourced from available online databases of local music industry associations.
The album was reissued in 1999, with digitally remastered by Bernie Grundman.
The Acura EL was replaced for the 2006 model year by the Acura CSX which, like the EL, was available only in Canada.
The album contains "Rock You Like a Hurricane", "Still Loving You", and "Big City Nights", three of the band's most famous songs.
They are best known for their hit single "I'm In the Mood for Dancing".
SAIC Volkswagen is an automobile manufacturing company headquartered in Anting, China and a joint venture between Volkswagen Group and SAIC Motor.
This is the discography of South Korean singer Seven.
The latest generation C-Class came out in 2014.
The third generation, from 1978 to 1983, was a badge engineered Mitsubishi Galant Lambda compact car.
Koki Tanaka is a Japanese singer–songwriter, actor and former Japanese idol.
When Pac-Man was released, the most popular arcade video games were space shooters, in particular, Space Invaders and Asteroids.
However, newer albums, such as 21 and Come Away with Me, are expected to have their claimed figures supported by at least 70% in certified copies.
The XLR was the second roadster offered by Cadillac in recent years.
The EL is a badge-engineered Honda Civic with a higher level of features.
The figures given do not take into account the resale of used albums.
It was assembled at the Toledo North Assembly Plant in the United States, as well as in other countries including Egypt and Venezuela.
Another nationwide study, conducted by the University of Minnesota in 2014, ranked the San Francisco MSA second and San Jose MSA tenth.
Presented by Farmers Insurance, it began on March 30, 2013, and ended on October 10.
Later in 2008, she was named as one of Asia's Idol by Asia News Network.
The song was also used as the theme song of Japanese television drama series Long Vacation.
It is the successor to the BMW E3 "New Six" sedan and is currently in its sixth generation.
The Ford Freestyle crossover SUV was merged into the Taurus line, becoming the Ford Taurus X.
", a charity single by Band Aid released in aid of victims of the 1983–1985 famine in Ethiopia.
Main rivals are the Land Rover Discovery, Toyota Land Cruiser Prado SWB/LWB and the Nissan Patrol Y61.
Park made her debut with release digital single "Beautiful" featuring Zico on August 7, 2014.
SAIC did manage to obtain some MG Rover technology that was incorporated into a new line of luxury sedans under the Roewe marque.
Her self-titled debut album was released on RCA Records on January 30, 2007, and debuted at number two on the Billboard 200, selling 381,000 copies.
From MY 1970 to 1974, the second generation Dodge Challenger pony car was built using the Chrysler E platform, sharing major components with the Plymouth Barracuda.
Elemental is the fourth studio album by British pop band Tears for Fears.
All albums listed here have sold over 400,000 copies.
This is a list of the world's best-selling albums of recorded music.
In 2014, she was cast in a supporting role in the television drama Trot Lovers.
To achieve such economy, it is produced with lightweight materials, a streamlined body and an engine and transmission designed and tuned for economy.
The Saturn Corporation, also known as Saturn LLC, is a registered trademark established on January 7, 1985, as a subsidiary of General Motors.
They have also ventured into aerospace with the establishment of GE Honda Aero Engines in 2004 and the Honda HA-420 HondaJet, which began production in 2012.
It is part of the Gaon Music Chart which launched in February 2010.
This is a list of the 100 best-selling singles in France during the 1990s.
from Kyunghee University in Postmodern Music, and holds an M.A.
The first-generation SC was largely styled in California at Calty, and the second-generation SC was mainly conceived at design studios in Europe.
This list was made public in a prime-time nationwide broadcast on M6 on February 6, 2004.
"Siempre hace frio" was released to promote the remix album Siempre Selena.
Compilations for individual contestants were released digitally starting season 6.
The album was certified gold in January 1978 and contained the album rock hits "Godzilla", "Death Valley Nights", "R.U.
Honda was the first Japanese automobile manufacturer to release a dedicated luxury brand, Acura, in 1986.
No compilations were released in season 7.
The Hummer H2 was the only one of the trucks to have the letters HUMMER between the grille.
It also controls VW Credit, Inc., Volkswagen's financial services and credit operations.
Compilations for individual contestants were released digitally starting season 6.
The Triffids formed in 1978 by mainstay David McComb, his school friend Alsy MacDonald together with Phil Kakulas.
However, since 2008, the interior is now standardized for all three markets.
This list can contain any types of albums, including studio albums, greatest hits, compilations, various artists, soundtracks and remixes.
This is the last album to feature bassist Ross Valory until 1996's Trial by Fire.
Its success in the US boosted its predecessor, Slide It In, from gold to double platinum status.
His fifth and final release from his debut album was "It Would Take a Strong Strong Man".
This list can contain any types of albums, including studio albums, greatest hits, compilations, various artists, soundtracks and remixes.
The Escalade was introduced for the 1999 model year in response to German and Japanese competitors and to Ford's 1998 release of the Lincoln Navigator.
All albums included on this list have their available claimed figures supported by at least 30% in certified copies.
Yumi Matsutoya, nicknamed Yuming, is a Japanese singer, composer, lyricist and pianist.
For 2007, the 3.5 L V6 was dropped, leaving the 3.9 L as the base engine.
The production vehicle is similar to the Land Rover LRX concept, which was unveiled at the North American International Auto Show in January 2008.
Then in 2004, for the 2005 model year, Ford's luxury Mercury division released a rebadged version called the Mercury Mariner, sold mainly in North America.
In 2010, there were 40 number one albums on the weekly chart.
Park Bom began her musical career in 2006, featuring on singles released by label-mates Big Bang, Lexy and Masta Wu.
On May 24, 2016, launched his first studio album, She Is, containing a total of 9 songs.
By the late 1970s, Chrysler was on the verge of bankruptcy.
This page shows the best-selling Christmas albums in the United States.
This is a list of the 100 best-selling singles in France during the 1990s.
Good Girl Gone Bad is the third studio album by Barbadian singer Rihanna.
Best of Rockers 'n' Ballads is a 1989 compilation album of 1980s hits by the German hard rock band Scorpions.
They are best known for their hit single "I'm In the Mood for Dancing".
It was produced by Media Factory, J.C.Staff, and Amber Film Works.
A live cover recorded by Finnish Stratovarius was released in their b-sides and rarities compilation Intermission.
Of the 20 best selling albums in Colombia, Colombian artists dominate the list with seventeen entries.
The second generation MX-5 was launched in 1998, the third generation model was launched in 2005, and a fourth generation was released in 2015.
The C1 was developed as part of the B-Zero project by PSA Peugeot Citroën, in a joint venture with Toyota.
The car is due to be a new milestone for Peugeot, in its quest to become the highest selling range of vehicles in the industry.
Officially formed in May 2014, the band consists of Oh Hyuk, Im Dong-gun, Lim Hyun-jae, and Lee In-woo, all born in the year 1993.
The Marvel Entertainment subsidiary was incorporated on January 25, 2008 to direct Marvel's efforts in animation and home entertainment markets.
In September 1995, Kubota released an English version of Bumpin' Voyage, which was titled Sunshine, Moonlight, his eighth album.
This is the list of best-selling artists in South Korea.
She gained fame in May 2006 as the runner-up on the fifth season of American Idol.
The Mustang is also credited for inspiring the designs of coupés such as the Toyota Celica and Ford Capri, which were imported to the United States.
He is known as a member of South Korean boy group iKON, signed under YG Entertainment.
Tonight was their first new material released in South Korea after two-year hiatus as a group.
Cumulative global sales passed the 100,000 unit milestone in March 2016.
However, in 2014 an "M Performance" option became available for the 7 Series.
This is a list of the world's best-selling albums of recorded music.
From 2008 until 2013, the TSX was the smallest vehicle in the Acura model line, other than the Civic-based CSX sold only in Canada.
BlackBerry is a line of smartphones, tablets, and services originally designed and marketed by Canadian company BlackBerry Limited.
In 2011 the first all new MG for 16 years was launched in the UK.
The C-Class is built at Mercedes-Benz factories in Sindelfingen and Bremen, Germany as well as numerous satellite factories in other countries.
Kubota's musical genre has varied throughout his career including R&B, Go-go, soul, funk, blues, reggae, old skool, psychedelia, jazz, and pop.
By May 24, 2011, Chrysler finished repaying its obligations to the U.S. government five years early, although the cost to the American taxpayer was $1.3 billion.
Artist each from Cuba, Dominican Republic and United States complete the list.
The Peugeot 107 is a city car produced by French automaker Peugeot and launched in June 2005.
Katharine Hope McPhee is an American actress, singer and songwriter.
This is followed by the letter "L" that acts as a linkage with the letter "C"—the GLC being the SUV equivalent to the C-Class.
This is a list of the albums and singles in the discography of Jed Madela.
Following this, She was cast for the 30th anniversary staging of Les Miserables to play the role of Fantine.
It has been produced since July 2011 in three and five-door versions, with both two-wheel and four-wheel drive.
In December 2010, Honda introduced a less expensive base model for the 2011 model year.
Pepper in the National Recording Registry, honouring the work as "culturally, historically, or aesthetically significant".
He was formerly signed to JYP Entertainment, where he was the label's first solo rapper.
The group was formed by Korean entertainment company Cube Entertainment in 2012, and consists of seven members.
This is a list of the 100 best-selling singles in France during the 1990s.
They did produce a 2009 model for fleet customers that are turning up as used, off lease vehicles.
The first generation Odyssey was marketed in Europe as the Shuttle.
Kubota has a total of seventeen studio albums and ten compilation albums.
They further embarked on the tour Destiny Fulfilled... and Lovin' It in 2005 with 67 dates across four continents worldwide.
This is a list of the 100 best-selling singles in France during the 1990s.
PHEVs may produce less in the way of greenhouse gases, which contribute to global warming, than conventional vehicles do.
Royal Stag sold 12.3 million cases in 2011, toppling Absolut Vodka, to become Pernod Ricard's biggest selling brand in its global portfolio of alcoholic beverages.
His nicknames include "The Prince of Romantic Music".
This is a list of the 100 best-selling singles in France during the 1990s.
The group disbanded in 2005, with Maureen Nolan having been a permanent member for 31 years.
A luxury version built on the W111 chassis with its body and the fuel-injected 3-litre M186 six-cylinder engine was designated the W112.
During its first twelve months after first available in the Japanese market, the second-generation Insight sold 143,015 units around the world.
Changan Ford Mazda was an automotive manufacturing company headquartered in Chongqing, China and a joint venture between Changan Automobile, Ford Motor Company and Mazda.
Jung SanJanuary 23, 1985), more commonly known by his stage name San E, is a South Korean rapper contracted under Brand New Music.
The Dodge Avenger was a front-wheel drive, mid-sized sedan that was built by Dodge.
In the Lexus model lineup, the RX sits below the larger GX and LX body-on-frame SUVs, and above the smaller NX crossover.
Like the previous series, a 2.4-liter inline-four engine was sold alongside the 3.0-liter V6 in the Japanese market Toyota Harrier.
Per capita GDP of Tamil Nadu was $3,000 in the year 2014–15, the third highest in India.
In fact, both generations of the GX have been heavily based on the Prado, with updated frontal styling to better integrate with the Lexus design language.
The Pilot is also sold in the Philippines.
In fact, both generations of the GX have been heavily based on the Prado, with updated frontal styling to better integrate with the Lexus design language.
This is the list of top fifteen best-selling albums in South Korea.
Starting with RocknRolla, the company began producing films in genres other than horror.
This unreleased album contains tracks such as "Lights Out", "Superman" and "Goodbye But Not The End."
This is the list of the 100 best-selling certified singles in Finland, according to Musiikkituottajat – IFPI Finland.
With an 1169 cc transverse engine and front-wheel drive like the British Mini, the car provided good interior space despite overall small dimensions.
They were nominated for a Grammy Award in 1994 for Best World Music Album, and in 1995 they won the Award for the album Boheme.
Stephen Eric Pearcy, known as Stephen Pearcy, is an American musician.
This passed the previous record of 3.00 million set by the album Distance by Hikaru Utada in Japan in 2001.
All Kansas Lottery games have a minimum age of 18.
She made her debut after she won a popular local singing competition show Bintang HMI in 1995 when she was only 16.
Bang Min-ah, better known mononymously as Minah, is a South Korean singer and actress.
The discography of the South Korean boy group Winner consists of one studio album, one extended play, and eight singles.
The first number-one song on the Oricon Singles Chart was "Kitaguni no Futari" by Jackey Yoshikawa and his Blue Comets on November 2, 1967.
The Montana name was also changed to Montana SV6.
Her version of "La Ballade de Davy Crockett" was number 1 in the charts for five weeks in France in August 1956.
Hybrid transaxles are built at the Kokura plant in Kitakyushu, Fukuoka since 2009.
This is a list of the best-selling albums of the 2000s, based on IFPI certification and Nielsen SoundScan sales tracking.
A girl group is a popular music act featuring several female singers who generally harmonize together.
Originally released in its home market of Japan in late 1997 as the Toyota Harrier, export sales began in March 1998 as the Lexus RX.
In 1992, she founded her own entertainment company Maverick, including the label Maverick Records.
Most currently, Tobias recorded a pop tuned song called "Brehy", issued as the main theme of her latest film Marhuľový ostrov.
The criteria are that the album must have been published, and the album must have shipped at least 10 million units starting from January 1, 2000.
Previously, Ram was part of the Dodge line of light trucks.
The xA's successor, the xD was delivered to US dealerships beginning in August 2007 as a 2008 model.
Kubota's fourth studio album, Bonga Wanga, was released in July 1990.
In North America, they were originally on Decca Records.
The discography of Children of Bodom, a five-piece melodic death metal band from Espoo, Finland.
The album peaked at number one and was certified million.
Honda also offered the larger North American Odyssey in Japan as the Honda LaGreat beginning in June 1999 through 2005.
Sold primarily in North America, the Navigator is the Lincoln counterpart of the Ford Expedition.
During the development of the Edsel, this practice ran in reverse, as the vehicles were derived from Mercury chassis underpinnings.
EMI Records and EMI Latin jointly released Dreaming of You in July 1995.
In 2011, Ferreri competed in 61st Sanremo Music Festival, performing the song "Il mare immenso", which later became a gold-selling single in Italy.
Following the 1996 discontinuation of the Cadillac Fleetwood, the Town Car became the longest mass-produced sedan assembled in the Western Hemisphere until 2003.
The Mark LT is based on the Ford F-150 pickup truck.
Melanie confirmed in an interview that the group members' contracts had concluded in February 2017 and the group had disbanded.
It was announced to the public in May 2012, with an official launch that took place at the Paris Motor Show in September.
This is the list of best-selling artists in South Korea.
1 hits, as well as gold and platinum records.
The Kansas Lottery offers $1, $2, $5, $10, and $20 scratch tickets, plus $1 and $2 instant "pull-tab" games.
Their debut single was "LA chA TA" in 2009.
The team also finished runners-up in the 2011 CLT20, losing the final against the Mumbai Indians.
1 on Billboard's U.S. Top R&B Chart and peaked at No.
This is a list of the 100 best-selling singles in France during the 2000s.
With its British origin, the series contains satire and humour.
They are managed by the multimedia talent agency, Johnny & Associates, and signed to Imperial Records.
The Mitsubishi Space Star is a multi-purpose vehicle produced by the Japanese manufacturer Mitsubishi from 1998 to 2005.
The exterior was designed by Henrik Fisker and the interior by Scott Lempert.
SG Wannabe had pre-sales of 90,000 copies of their first album, which helped them earned their "Best Newcomer" award at the 2004 Golden Disk Awards.
As a 4-door crossover with a front engine and four-wheel drive, the Aztek featured a four-speed automatic transmission with a V-6 engine.
In addition, in many countries certification is for shipments of a record to retailers, rather than actual sales.
It was introduced to Hong Kong in 1991, Mexico in 2004, China in 2006, Russia in 2014 and Kuwait in 2015.
It is the successor to the 4-door sedan models of the BMW New Class and is currently in its seventh generation.
In May 1996, Kubota released "La La La Love Song."
The GS name stands for Grand Sedan.
Certified copies are sourced from available online databases of local music industry associations.
This list doesn't include singles that were released before 1968, and is only from data collected from Oricons retail partners and not the record companies.
Slotted in size between the Mercury Milan and the Mercury Grand Marquis, the 2005 Montego was the Mercury counterpart of the Ford Five Hundred.
The Hummer H2 was the only one of the trucks to have the letters HUMMER between the grille.
Once is the fifth studio album by Finnish symphonic metal band Nightwish, released on 7 June 2004 by Spinefarm Records and Nuclear Blast.
Toshinobu Kubota has produced six million-seller records and thirty-three Top 40 singles during his career.
During its first twelve months after first available in the Japanese market, the second-generation Insight sold 143,015 units around the world.
The album topped various music charts, including the Billboard World Albums Charts, while "Dumb Dumb" became their first single to surpass a million downloads.
Ailee received the Best New Artist Award at the MelOn Music Awards, Golden Disk Awards, Gaon Chart K-Pop Awards and the Seoul Music Awards.
He was also a part of the hip hop project duo YMGA.
This is a list of the best-selling albums of the 2000s, based on IFPI certification and Nielsen SoundScan sales tracking.
Shown at the Frankfurt launch were several further Up concepts, including a 98 hp GT version, a natural gas-powered Eco-up!
Azúcar Moreno is a Romani Spanish music duo consisted of sisters Antonia "Toñi" and Encarnación "Encarna" Salazar.
The production vehicle is similar to the Land Rover LRX concept, which was unveiled at the North American International Auto Show in January 2008.
For its followup, the name of Liberty was retired; the next generation restored the name of "Cherokee".
After a long hiatus, the M nameplate was used for Infiniti's mid-luxury sedans.
It has produced vehicles into the 21st century
In 2009, he contributed a soundtrack from Bad Girl OST named "Lonely Girl" with Kim Hyung-jun.
This is a list of the best selling albums by country based on the information and certifications provided by the respective national charts.
It received a mild restyle for the 2006 model year.
Ana Carolina Sousa is a Brazilian singer, composer, and musician.
"Angels on My Side" was released as the second single from the album on 13 May 2016.
Like the other Big Three automobile manufacturers, Chrysler was hit hard by the automotive industry crisis of 2008–2010.
At the same time, a slightly larger version of the same vehicle powered by a 4A31 1.1 L straight-4, the Mitsubishi Town Box Wide, was discontinued.
They debuted in 2007 with Cheerful Sensibility.
Stability was elusive, however, and he was moved again after his Grandmother’s deteriorating health, living then in Cordele, Georgia with other family members.
The Territory was sold in New Zealand, with exports to South Africa beginning in 2005 and those to Thailand in 2006.
The overwhelming success of Some Like It Hot was a final nail in the coffin for the Hays Code.
The danger is often not due to faulty design; usage and chance both play a role in injury and death incidents as well.
Kansuigyo is the ninth studio album by Japanese singer-songwriter Miyuki Nakajima, released in March 1982.
The XL1 car was designed to be able to travel 100 km on 1 litre of diesel fuel, while being both roadworthy and practical.
The Mercedes-Benz SLK-Class is a compact luxury roadster manufactured by Daimler-Benz in three generations; R170 launched in 1996, the R171 in 2004 and R172 in 2011.
The band is known for their innovative punk, rock, and pop meldings of noisy but melodic music in the 1990s.
The album was also number one on the "Top 20 Album Sales" with 44,618 copies sold in May and 125,450 sold altogether.
As a 4-door crossover with a front engine and four-wheel drive, the Aztek featured a four-speed automatic transmission with a V-6 engine.
The series is about the romance between a tall girl and a short boy who are treated as a comedy duo by their classmates.
Sales figures are not released during the season for these album so all numbers are for sales after the season is over.
BMW Brilliance is an automobile manufacturing company headquartered in Shenyang, China and a joint venture between BMW and Brilliance Auto.
Savage Amusement is the tenth studio album by the German hard rock band Scorpions, released on 16 April 1988.
In 2015, BlackBerry re-focused its business strategy and began to release Android-based smartphones, beginning with the BlackBerry Priv slider and then the BlackBerry DTEK50.
Variant Jázmin is in among the top 10 names given to girls born in Hungary.
"Lights Out" was released in 2010, his first single released in the UK for almost 17 years.
For its entire production life, the Ford Expedition has been derived from the corresponding generation of the Ford F-150 in production, sharing body and mechanical components.
This is a list of the best-selling albums in the United States based on RIAA certification and Nielsen SoundScan sales tracking.
2 received Platinum status within 3 weeks.
This list can contain any types of albums, including studio albums, greatest hits, compilations, various artists, soundtracks and remixes.
In duo with Lola Ponce he won the 2008 edition of the Sanremo Music Festival, with the song "Colpo di fulmine" written by Gianna Nannini.
The best-selling music artists in Japan include Japanese artists with claims of 15 million or more record sales.
Changan Ford Mazda was an automotive manufacturing company headquartered in Chongqing, China and a joint venture between Changan Automobile, Ford Motor Company and Mazda.
In the 2007 model, the "MILAN" badging was added at the doors.
The Saturn Aura was the 2007 North American Car of the Year.
His third studio album, Free, was released in March 1991.
The Korean hip hop group Big Bang first began their career in 2006, with their formation being documented on television.
The touring body style was added in 1991 and the 5-door hatchback was added in 2009.
Face the Heat is the twelfth studio album released by the German hard rock band Scorpions in 1993.
As a result, Chrysler was sold to Cerberus Capital Management and renamed Chrysler LLC in 2007.
This and their 1994 self-titled album are the only ones not to contain a title track.
The game's success led to a series of sequels and an expansive franchise, including adaptations into a television series, an anime, and a full-length feature film.
This is the discography of South Korean hip hop group Epik High.
Jackson also currently has the highest number of albums on the list with five, while The Beatles and Madonna each have three.
She is best known as a member of the South Korean girl group 2NE1.
The Acura TLX is a mid-size luxury sedan manufactured by Acura, the luxury vehicle division of Honda, since 2014.
The album's first single, "Over It", was a Pop Top 30 hit and was certified gold in 2008.
He was formerly signed to JYP Entertainment, where he was the label's first solo rapper.
All albums listed here have sold over 400,000 copies.
Albums are listed in order of number of copies sold and thereafter by the artist's first name.
Previously, Ram was part of the Dodge line of light trucks.
She debuted at the age of 13.
Honda also offered the larger North American Odyssey in Japan as the Honda LaGreat beginning in June 1999 through 2005.
Marvel Animation operates under the Marvel Television division of Marvel Entertainment, LLC, a subsidiary of The Walt Disney Company.
The XL1 was released to retail customers in Germany in June 2014.
Red Velvet was formed by the Korean entertainment company S.M.
Though the band at the time had reservations about the recording, it is regarded by fans as perhaps their finest hour.
His nicknames include "The Prince of Romantic Music".
After season 5, such compilations were released only sporadically.
Via Rail owns 78 locomotives and 396 passenger cars.
An optional EcoBoost 3.5 L twin-turbo, direct injection V6 is also available.
3 on the US Billboard 200, selling about 152,000 copies in its first week; making it Osbourne's highest debut to date.
The cost of electricity to power plug-in hybrids for all-electric operation has been estimated at less than one quarter of the cost of gasoline in California.
Chevrolet marketed a panel-van variant of the HHR beginning in 2007.
Acura's 2005 RL flagship introduced SH-AWD, a torque-vectoring all-wheel drive system.
PHEVs may produce less in the way of greenhouse gases, which contribute to global warming, than conventional vehicles do.
Evil Pimp is an American recording rap artist from Memphis, Tennessee.
Now in its fourth generation, the GS sold under the Aristo name in Japan only until the release of the third generation in 2005.
This is the list of 100 best-selling singles, based on the data by Oricon.
This is a list of the 100 best-selling singles in France during the 1990s.
In 1933, the Britannica became the first encyclopaedia to adopt "continuous revision", in which the encyclopaedia is continually reprinted, with every article updated on a schedule.
Currently, seven main generations of BMW 5 Series have followed one another:
The group consists of Park Cho-rong, Yoon Bo-mi, Jung Eun-ji, Son Na-eun, Kim Nam-joo and Oh Ha-young.
The Philippine Labor Migration Policy of the Philippine government allows and encourages emigration.
Oy Nautor AB is a Finnish producer of luxury sailing yachts, based in Jakobstad.
To date, she has garnered more than 200 local and international awards.
On October 15, 2016, FNC Entertainment released an official statement announcing the departure of Youkyung from the group, following the termination of her contract.
Infiniti is the luxury vehicle division of Japanese automaker Nissan.
It marked the return of electric guitars to the band's music after several years of absence.
Leslie Bourgouin, better known by her mononym Leslie, is a French pop-R&B singer born on 4 February 1985 in Le Mans, France.
The ZDX debuted at the 2009 New York International Auto Show on April 8, 2009.
The album featured the single "Had It All", which peaked at No.
The Insurance Institute for Highway Safety has praised the Tahoe as one of the best of its class.
The E24 was launched in 1976 to replace the 3.0CS & 3.0CSi.
In addition, the band has had two Latin Grammy nominations.
Their albums have sold over 10 million copies.
The most recent version is called the Delica D:5.
During the entry of Hyundai in 1996, there were only five major automobile manufacturers in India, i.e.
CrazySexyCool is the second studio album by American girl group TLC, released on November 15, 1994 by LaFace Records.
At this time all Mercedes cars used fuel injection and the company felt it was no longer necessary to add this as a distinguishing feature.
Her third album, the holiday-themed Christmas Is the Time to Say I Love You, was released on October 12, 2010.
This is the discography of Okinawan musician Rimi Natsukawa.
The band has played in various festivals around the world including Ozzfest, Phoenix Festival and Damnation Festival.
Urban Zakapa is a South Korean R&B singer-songwriter group formed in 2009 by Fluxus Music.
The Doraville, Georgia assembly plant which produced the Montana closed on September 26, 2008.
Short Stories is the 28th studio album by Japanese singer-songwriter Miyuki Nakajima, released in November 2000.
Spar, trademarked as SPAR, is a Dutch multinational retail chain and franchise brand with approximately 12,500 stores in 42 countries worldwide.
The Kansas Legislature passed the "Kansas Lottery Act" in 1987, establishing the Lottery.
Such albums have the certifications for the number of copies shipped indicated.
Gran Turismo, abbreviated GT, is a series of racing video games developed by Polyphony Digital.
Toshinobu Kubota has produced six million-seller records and thirty-three Top 40 singles during his career.
Before 1993, Mercedes-Benz offered the same category of car under a non-unified naming structure.
This is a list of the 100 best-selling singles in France during the 2000s.
To date, she has garnered more than 200 local and international awards.
The lead single, "She Wants to Dance With Me" was Astley's first single which he wrote himself and became a worldwide top 10 hit.
In support of the album, Rihanna embarked on her first worldwide concert tour, the Good Girl Gone Bad Tour.
From 1979 to 2011, it shared the Panther platform along with the Lincoln Town Car.
The C2 was designed by Donato Coco.
"Lights Out" was released in 2010, his first single released in the UK for almost 17 years.
Originally titled Soul Sucka, the album was later changed to Scream.
It was BMW's first SUV and it also featured all-wheel drive and was available with either manual or automatic transmission.
Sleeker and wider than its predecessor, the new F-Series introduced several firsts to the truck line.
After joining a few stage plays and musicals, Lee was cast in the television drama It's Okay, Daddy's Girl.
With a total length of 184.8 inches, the Lexus HS is slightly larger than the Lexus IS, but still smaller than the mid-size Lexus ES.
Cocco is a female Japanese pop / folk rock singer.
The 1986–1995 Taurus was built on the DN-5 platform, and the 1996–1999 Taurus was built on the DN101 platform.
In March 2011, the 308 received a facelift and it premiered at the Geneva Motor Show.
Since September 2014, she has starred in Scorpion as Paige Dineen.
The vehicle was also the first to be completely designed at Acura's southern California design studio in Torrance.
The Crown Victoria shared the Ford Panther platform and major powertrain, body, and suspension components with the Lincoln Town Car and Mercury Grand Marquis.
The following is the discography of the American rock band The Doors.
Mad Clown is known for his sharp, high tone rapping.
It was a Number One album on the Billboard 200 and also made the Top 3 on the UK Albums Chart.
A fast-selling album is defined as one with high sales in its first chart week following release.
Oy Nautor AB is a Finnish producer of luxury sailing yachts, based in Jakobstad.
However, newer albums, such as 21 and Come Away with Me, are expected to have their claimed figures supported by at least 70% in certified copies.
Play the Siren was a South Korean co-ed hip-hop group that debuted in 2014 with the single "Dream Drive".
In January 2017, they announced that they were going on indefinite hiatus.
No compilations were released in season 7.
GM discontinued the Outlook after the 2010 model year along with the entire Saturn brand.
It was released on 27 November 1982.
Marvel Animation at incorporation included then ongoing animation efforts by Marvel Studios with Lionsgate and Nickelodeon.
Mitsubishi did not produce any 2009 Endeavor models for the retail market.
The Insight was the least expensive hybrid available in the US.
Through its affiliate organisations, Spar operates in most European countries, parts of Africa, Asia and Oceania.
"Save Our Souls" was used in the Italian horror film Dèmoni, produced by Dario Argento.
The last generation of the CL was actually heavier than the S.
Foster & Smith, Inc. is an American mail order and e-commerce pet supply corporation based in Rhinelander, Wisconsin.
Data as of 2007 indicates that Japan has the second largest music market in the world, but it is the largest in Asia.
Albums are listed in order of number of copies sold and thereafter by the artist's first name.
Meg is a Japanese recording artist, record producer, model and fashion designer from Hiroshima Prefecture, Japan.
In countries where standards exist, they exist in order to prevent accidents, but there have still been some high-profile product recalls after such problems have occurred.
The RELAY was discontinued after the 2007 model year and was replaced by the 2007 Saturn Outlook.
They were particularly successful in Japan and won the 1981 Tokyo Music Festival with the song "Sexy Music".
The Model 15 saw service with the United States Army Air Service and with the United States Navy as a carrier-based fighter.
Produce 101 is a 2016 reality girl group survival show on Mnet.
It was the highest selling "old" album in 2007 with #67 position on the charts.
The Hummer H2 is an SUV and SUT that was marketed by Hummer and built by AM General from 2002 to 2009.
Developed in 1994, it is a DOS-only title and is also the first game in the series to be rated M in North America.
The Mercedes-Benz W211 is a chassis designation for the Mercedes-Benz E-Class, produced from 2002 through 2009.
Production continued through the 2000 model year.
The TL was Acura's best-selling model until it was outsold by the MDX in 2007.
Certified copies are sourced from available online databases of local music industry associations.
The current BMW naming convention began with the first 5 Series.
Throughout 2009 the album was reissued in several different forms.
The company is headquartered in unincorporated Fairfax County, Virginia, near Herndon.
His second studio album, Hold Me in Your Arms, was released in November 1988.
The Dodge Charger is a brand of automobile marketed by Dodge.
She is signed with Starchild Records, a division of King Records.
It is Flo Rida's most successful studio album, with a string of global top 5 hits, including "Good Feeling", "Wild Ones", "Whistle" and "I Cry".
The album was a shift away from the band's heavy metal roots towards more radio-friendly glam rock and hard rock, finding massive mainstream success.
AIRSCARF and AIRCAP are the only options on the E250 models.
As of July 2012, Kubota has sold over twelve million records to date.
The "SL" is for Sportlich Leicht and alludes to the long-running SL-Class.
The company spent over A$600 million developing and producing the car, which is heavily based on the ninth generation Mitsubishi Galant designed in the United States.
Imratul Najwa Binti Abdul Latif, better known by her stage name Najwa Latif, is a Malaysian singer and idol.
One month after the accident, on 18 October 2015, he fell from the 7th floor of his home to his death.
Sisters of Avalon was also certified platinum in Japan.
This is a list of the world's best-selling albums of recorded music.
In 2013, BlackBerry introduced BlackBerry 10, a major revamp of the platform based on QNX operating system.
This is a list of the 100 best-selling singles in France during the 2000s.
The LX name stands for "Luxury Crossover".
The game was announced at the E3 Sony press conference on May 11, 2004, the same conference where Sony announced the original PSP.
For the 2004 model year only, there was another trim called CXL Plus.
The Chevrolet Malibu is a mid-size car manufactured and marketed by Chevrolet from 1964 to 1983 and since 1997.
The same car launched in 1991 as the Toyota Aristo in Japan, but the Lexus-badged model did not appear until 1993.
As of the 2017 model year, the F-Series includes the F-150, the Super Duty, and F-650 and F-750 Super Duty medium-duty commercial trucks.
In 2004 while still based in New York, Juju released her debut single with Sony Music Entertainment Japan, "Hikari no Naka e".
Michael Jackson's Thriller, estimated to have sold 65 million copies worldwide, is the best-selling album.
The model name was derived from a combination of the English car and the Greek kharisma, meaning "divine gift".
Taylor achieved his breakthrough in 1970 with the No.
Selena had released 22 music videos and 12 video/live albums during her career.
This is the list of top fifteen best-selling albums in South Korea.
Since September 2014, she has starred in Scorpion as Paige Dineen.
The GMC Envoy is a midsize SUV that was produced by General Motors.
All Windstars, Freestars, and Monterey minivans were assembled in Oakville, Ontario, Canada at the Oakville Assembly Plant.
A fast-selling album is defined as one with high sales in its first chart week following release.
In 1926 Daimler Motoren Gesellschaft and Benz & Cie. merged forming Daimler-Benz and selling the Mercedes-Benz line of vehicles.
Theodore Anthony Nugent is an American musician and political activist.
In 1996 the convertible was introduced, replacing its LeBaron counterpart as well.
In 2011, production of all three Panther-platform vehicles ended as the St. Thomas facility ended production in September 2011.
Ilsyah Ryan Reza split from the band in 2014.
In terms of size, it is slotted in between the smaller GLC-Class and the larger GLS-Class, with which it shares platforms.
The Suburban has been produced under the Chevrolet, Holden,Plymouth and GMC marques until the GMC version was rebranded as the GMC Yukon XL.
A fast-selling album is defined as one with high sales in its first chart week following release.
The Territory was not a direct replacement for it.
Certified copies are sourced from available online databases of local music industry associations.
The LX is not available in Japan where it is manufactured.
However, newer albums, such as 21 and Come Away with Me, are expected to have their claimed figures supported by at least 70% in certified copies.
The album was recorded at Orzabal's newly built home studio, Neptune's Kitchen, and was co-produced by Orzabal, Griffiths and Tim Palmer.
She has played Karen Cartwright, one of the lead roles on Smash.
Back for the Attack was certified Gold and Platinum on January 14, 1988.
In Japan, the Delica Cargo nameplate was used on badge-engineered Mazda Bongos between 1999 and 2010.
It is known for its Swan range of yachts.
He is a board member of the National Rifle Association and a strong supporter of the Republican Party.
To date, the band has sold over 45 million records worldwide and has sold more than 15 million records in the United States alone.
2 on the US Billboard 200 and No.
The name Yukon refers to the Yukon territory of northern Canada.
Kubota has pioneered in the sound "Japanese hip hop" and "Japanese soul", an amalgam of funk, pop, R&B and go that has influenced many other musicians.
The album received several sales certifications including a 4 times multi-platinum from both the Recording Industry Association of America, and from the Canadian Recording Industry Association.
All other releases are included in the posthumous sections, and obviously all compact disc box sets were also released after Presley's death.
The first was the E24, being derived from the first generation 7 Series, the BMW E23.
Crayon Pop gained a huge increase in popularity following the release of their single album "Bar Bar Bar" in June 2013.
Marketed primarily in the United States and Canada, the Town Car saw exports worldwide.
5 in the USA, where it became platinum on 20 June 1988.
A C126 2-door coupé versions was introduced in September 1981.
In 2009, Maureen, Linda, Bernie and Coleen Nolan, reformed for a 25-date concert tour of the UK and Ireland, spawning an album and DVD.
The Cadillac DTS is a full-size luxury notchback sedan that was produced by Cadillac.
Now in its fourth generation, the GS sold under the Aristo name in Japan only until the release of the third generation in 2005.
It was given the E52 BMW model code.
Oh Hyuk is trilingual, speaking Mandarin Chinese, Korean, and English; and his diverse cultural influences are directly reflected in hyukoh's music.
The following is a comprehensive discography of Ministry, an influential American industrial metal band.
Mercedes was a brand of DMG started in 1901.
The group name, VIXX, was also decided by viewer votes.
It also controls VW Credit, Inc., Volkswagen's financial services and credit operations.
Since September 2014, she has starred in Scorpion as Paige Dineen.
Mercedes was a brand of DMG started in 1901.
The Infiniti M is a line of mid-size luxury cars from the Infiniti luxury division of Nissan.
The cars were designed in-house at the prompting of Lee Iacocca.
The National Development Fund of Iran is Iran's sovereign wealth fund.
Emre Aydın is a Turkish rock singer-songwriter.
A five-speed automatic was always standard, as was a full-time four-wheel-drive system with low-range gearing.
Drummer Randy Castillo, who had previously played in Lita Ford's band, also makes his recording debut with Osbourne.
This is an incomplete list of fictional astronauts appearing in various media, including books, film, television shows, radio shows, records, and comic books.
She has appeared in more than 50 films.
Deriving its name from a style of limousine, "Town Car" translated in French is the term "Sedan de Ville".
Chevrolet and GMC sold two different-sized SUVs under their Blazer/Jimmy model names through the early 1990s.
This is a list of the 100 best-selling singles in France during the 1990s.
Park also branched out into entrepreneurship where he became the founder and CEO of the AOMG, a Korean independent record label specializing in hip hop.
Ford began sales of the Focus to Europe in July 1998 and in North America during 1999 for the 2000 model year.
Lee Seung-hyun, better known by his stage name Seungri and V.I when performing in Japan, is a South Korean singer, songwriter, record producer, actor, and entrepreneur.
Several of their singles have crossed over to the Billboard Hot 100, with their highest-peaking there being the number 4, "Not Ready to Make Nice".
The success of the Lexus RX has been particularly strong in the United States, where it has been the best-selling luxury SUV since its introduction.
It was originally incorporated as Sony Ericsson, until Sony acquired Ericsson's share in the venture on February 16, 2012.
Marvel Animation at incorporation included then ongoing animation efforts by Marvel Studios with Lionsgate and Nickelodeon.
Follow-up single "Warwick Avenue" was another successful single, whilst "Stepping Stone" and "Rain on Your Parade" did not replicate the earlier success.
Blackground Records, LLC was an American record label owned by former manager Barry Hankerson and his son Jomo Hankerson.
The figures given do not take into account the resale of used albums.
Johan de Nysschen was appointed to head the Infiniti division in 2012.
40, respectively, as well as other songs such as "Wanted Man", "You're in Love" and "Dance".
Honda was the first Japanese automobile manufacturer to release a dedicated luxury brand, Acura, in 1986.
The Mini is a small economy car produced by the English based British Motor Corporation and its successors from 1959 until 2000.
The music is best described as mostly melodic hard rock with progressive undertones.
Certified copies are sourced from available online databases of local music industry associations.
In the 2000s, with the original line up back together, the band found new popularity after a successful greatest hits reunion tour in 1999.
She is best known for being a member of South Korean girl group T-ara.
55 on the Billboard Top 200, which none of their previous five albums had dented at all.
Moon: Wings is the 27th studio album by the Japanese singer-songwriter Miyuki Nakajima.
As of the 2017 model year, the F-Series includes the F-150, the Super Duty, and F-650 and F-750 Super Duty medium-duty commercial trucks.
Their first release came in 2005, with the Juse-produced "Ride Til' I Die", which gained club play across New Zealand and Australia.
The Escalade was introduced for the 1999 model year in response to German and Japanese competitors and to Ford's 1998 release of the Lincoln Navigator.
The film Big Wave was released on DVD by Pony Canyon on May 27, 2005.
Albums are listed in order of number of copies sold and thereafter by the artist's first name.
The album received several sales certifications including a 4 times multi-platinum from both the Recording Industry Association of America, and from the Canadian Recording Industry Association.
Even before the car's launch in October 2005, the 380 was stigmatised as the "make or break" model for Mitsubishi Australia.
This is a list of the world's best-selling albums of recorded music.
In June 2011, Carr released "Been a Long Time", the lead single from his third album.
The Department of Foreign Affairs, which is one of the government's arms of emigration, grants Filipinos passports that allow entry to foreign countries.
The group has held solo concerts in South Korea, Japan and Taiwan, and has also performed in other countries including Australia and China.
Mitsubishi Motors Corporation is a Japanese multinational automotive manufacturer headquartered in Minato, Tokyo, Japan.
The album peaked at number two and became certified double platinum, selling over 840,00 copies.
Their fourth EP, Rookie, was released on February 1, 2017, and their fifth EP The Red Summer was released on July 9, 2017.
Starting season 10, compilation albums are released for sales on iTunes straight after the contestants' performances during the season.
A total of five singles were released from the album.
It is released as a digital single on March 3, 2011 through TS Entertainment.
Their albums have sold over 10 million copies.
Starship Entertainment announced on Twitter that he will be getting married in May 2016.
The Pilot is badged Honda MR-V in the Middle East.
Certified copies are sourced from available online databases of local music industry associations.
It is Psy's debut album for YG Entertainment.
The album consists of their past three Korean Singles in 2011.
It was released in Japan on October 21, 1992, in North America on November 2, 1992, and in Europe on January 28, 1993.
The latter contains the track The Sound of Africa , a duet in honor of Angola with the participation of Angolan singer Anselmo Ralph.
Originally a 9-member group, in 2012 they became a trio, consisting of Park Yong-in, Jo Hyunah and Kwon Soon-il.
The album has won a number of awards since its release, including the Grammy Award for Best Pop Vocal Album at the 51st annual ceremony.
The last generation of the CL-Class, C216, was available in five models: CL 500, CL 600, CL 63 AMG, CL 63 AMG(S) and CL 65 AMG.
The album peaked at number two and became certified double platinum, selling over 840,00 copies.
In 1926 Daimler Motoren Gesellschaft and Benz & Cie. merged forming Daimler-Benz and selling the Mercedes-Benz line of vehicles.
The Lexus SC is a grand tourer that was retailed by Lexus, and built from 1991 through 2010.
This is a list of the world's best-selling albums of recorded music.
The company was formed when BMW sold the car-making and engine manufacturing assets of the original Rover Group to the Phoenix Consortium in 2000.
A remastered version, developed using the Retro Engine, was released on iOS and Android devices in December 2013.
It is a twin of the Ford Fusion, while being slotted below the luxury-spec Lincoln MKZ sedan.
In February 1988, Kubota released "You Were Mine", which debuted at number two.
In November 1986, voters approved a constitutional amendment authorizing the creation of a government-run lottery.
In 2013, it was again the most sold premium subcompact car with 40% of these market shares in Europe.
Royal Stag, also known as Seagram's Royal Stag, is a brand of Indian whisky, owned by Pernod Ricard India, and launched in 1981.
Marvel Animation at incorporation included then ongoing animation efforts by Marvel Studios with Lionsgate and Nickelodeon.
The album featured the single "Had It All", which peaked at No.
Although sales estimates for Thriller have been as high as 120 million copies, these sales figures are unreliable.
Dato', or occasionally Datin Sri, Siti Nurhaliza binti Tarudin DIMP, JSM, SAP, PMP, AAP is a Malaysian singer and businesswoman.
They have had over 40 top-ten hit singles and 16 number-one albums on the Japan's Oricon Charts as of 2008.
In December 1996, the album La La La Love Thang was released.
A flex-fuel version of the 3.9 L V6 also became available for the Terraza's third season.
Currently, she has been listed as one of Malaysia's richest, most-influential, most award-winning, most single-produced artists.
Production of the Solstice was to be running before summer 2005, but delays at the Wilmington plant pushed volume production to the fourth quarter.
However, the Infiniti Q50 is sold as a Nissan Skyline in Japan and retains Infiniti badging, though without the Infiniti brand or name.
Super Junior has formed five sub-groups, which target different markets.
The Acura EL was a sales success.
Like the previous series, a 2.4-liter inline-four engine was sold alongside the 3.0-liter V6 in the Japanese market Toyota Harrier.
The song was also a worldwide number one hit, topping the charts in 24 other countries, including the U.S., Australia, and Germany.
As with their predecessors, all Cobalts and its Pontiac equivalents were manufactured at GM's plant in Ramos Arizpe, Mexico and Lordstown, Ohio.
She sold more than 20 million albums worldwide.
Love Psychedelico is a Japanese rock band, often called Delico for short.
The word "corona" is Latin for "crown", a reference to an earlier vehicle Toyota offered called the Toyota Crown.
The Peugeot 408 is a small family car produced by Peugeot.
The Mustang’s styling, with its long hood and short deck, proved wildly popular and inspired a host of competition.
This is a list of the best-selling hip-hop albums in the United States from 2010 to 2019 based on RIAA certification and Nielsen SoundScan sales tracking.
The car went on sale two years later in Europe, and in 1997 in the US.
Tooth and Nail is the second studio album by American heavy metal band Dokken, released on September 13, 1984 through Elektra Records.
All albums listed here have sold over 400,000 copies.
This is the discography of the six-member South Korean boy group Boyfriend signed under Starship Entertainment and formed in 2011.
In Europe, the song reached the top five in more than ten countries while peaking at number one in Austria, Belgium, Sweden, and Switzerland.
To date, it has sold over 3,000,000 copies in the US.
In 2008, the song was covered by English singer and songwriter Joss Stone for her fourth studio album, Colour Me Free!, released in October 2009.
To date, she has sold more than 4.9 million in record sales.
Their most well-known lineup featured Boram, Qri, Soyeon, Eunjung, Hyomin and Jiyeon.
Acura is the luxury vehicle marque of Japanese automaker Honda.
The Lincoln MKX is a mid-size luxury crossover SUV manufactured and sold by Lincoln.
Typically, Sonic—usually along with some of his friends, such as Tails, Amy, and Knuckles—must stop Eggman and foil any plans of world domination.
In 2003, HMV Japan ranked the band at number 30 on their list of the 100 most important Japanese pop acts.
The durability associated with its layout popularized the Crown Victoria with taxicab owners and commonly used police patrol/pursuit vehicles in North America.
They have been a long-term fixture in the British tabloids due to their several line-up changes and alleged group infighting.
The 207 was replaced by the Peugeot 208 in April 2012.
Katharine Hope McPhee is an American actress, singer and songwriter.
In 2009, Maureen, Linda, Bernie and Coleen Nolan, reformed for a 25-date concert tour of the UK and Ireland, spawning an album and DVD.
The second generation interior has been further differentiated with fewer shared components.
In May 1996, Kubota released "La La La Love Song."
Finally Home was released in 2013, shortly after Loggins formed the group Blue Sky Riders with Gary Burr and Georgia Middleman.
The album was a major crossover hit eventually selling over eight million copies in the US.
This is a list of the best selling albums by country based on the information and certifications provided by the respective national charts.
Throughout her career, she has worked with different types of music, ranging from dansband and schlager, via modern pop, to soulful ballads and jazz melodies.
These are the top 10 best-selling albums in Indonesia, according to physical sales.
The Outlander nameplate which replaced it evoked a "feeling of journeying to distant, unexplored lands in search of adventure."
"Fight" later appeared as a double A-Side of a chart topper single "Between the Sky and You", released in 1994 and sold over a million copies.
The list is split between physical singles and digitally downloaded tracks which first became available to purchase in the early 2000s.
The Lincoln LS is a four-door, five-passenger mid-size luxury sedan that was manufactured by the Lincoln division of Ford Motor Company.
Lyn released her first album, My First Confession, using her birth name 'Lee Se-jin', but in 2002, she adapted the stage name, 'Lyn'.
"You and I" was also awarded "Best Digital Single" at the 2010 Mnet Asian Music Awards.
The album became a multi-platinum record and won two Awit Awards.
With a reported 40 million records sold, they were the first Japanese act to headline at Madison Square Garden.
Kubota's fourth studio album, Bonga Wanga, was released in July 1990.
In addition to the models below, S2 also built the 6.9 from 1983 to 1986 and the 22 in 1987.
From its introduction through 2009, it was marketed by Dodge.
Under this scheme, SUVs use the base name "GL", followed by the model's placement in Mercedes-Benz hierarchy.
The A32 and A33 closely follow the lineage of the J30 Maxima which was produced at the same time as the A31 Cefiro.
Ross's third studio album, Deeper Than Rap was released on April 21, 2009.
Edward Finbar Wright, known popularly as Finbar Wright, is a popular music singer, songwriter, and poet from County Cork, Ireland.
He got married on May 15, 2016.
Crystal Kay Williams, simply known as Crystal Kay, is a Japanese singer, songwriter, radio host and actress of Korean and African-American descent.
The Mercedes-Benz M-Class, renamed GLE-Class in 2016, is a Midsize luxury crossover SUV produced by the German automaker Mercedes-Benz since 1997.
All albums included on this list have their available claimed figures supported by at least 30% in certified copies.
It includes artists from all over the world, but it only includes sales in the United States of America.
Katharine Hope McPhee is an American actress, singer and songwriter.
The Cadillac Escalade is closely related to the Denali models of the Yukon.
Black Rain is the tenth studio album by British heavy metal vocalist Ozzy Osbourne, released 22 May 2007 on Epic Records.
Two singles were released from the album "The Ones You Love" and "Hopelessly".
It is the first Indian whisky brand to not use any artificial flavour.
This is the list of top fifteen best-selling albums in South Korea.
A Crow Left of the Murder... is the fifth studio album by the American rock band Incubus, released on February 3, 2004.
The Mercedes-Benz SLK-Class is a compact luxury roadster manufactured by Daimler-Benz in three generations; R170 launched in 1996, the R171 in 2004 and R172 in 2011.
The figures given do not take into account the resale of used albums.
Sales figures are not released during the season for these album so all numbers are for sales after the season is over.
The remainder of the body was not modified.
Noted for its innovative seating configurations, the Villager featured a folding, removable, middle seat along with a non-removable, fold-and-slide track-mounted rear seat.
Turner's overall discography consists of nine studio albums, two live albums, two soundtracks, and five compilation albums.
The album peaked at number two and became certified double platinum, selling over 840,00 copies.
On the eighth track, Yamashita's spouse Mariya Takeuchi wrote the lyrics to his composition.
Jonghyun released his first extended play, Base, on January 12, 2015.
Petworth is represented on the Council of the District of Columbia by the Ward 4 council member: since May 2015, Brandon Todd.
Bad Company's most successful album was their 1974 debut, Bad Company.
On 27 February 2009 it was announced that team principal Ross Brawn had led a management buyout of the Brackley team.
Turner's overall discography consists of nine studio albums, two live albums, two soundtracks, and five compilation albums.
The TL was Acura's best-selling model until it was outsold by the MDX in 2007.
The album charted at number nine on the Oricon Albums Chart.
4 on the Billboard 200 chart, and it was certified double platinum in the USA.
Children of Bodom have released six studio albums, two live albums, one compilation album, seven singles, two EP's and two split singles.
It also features a song "Rouge" which was initially issued as the title track on Naomi Chiaki's album issued in 1977.
Mercury is one of the best-selling female Latin American artists of all time.
Petworth is a residential neighborhood in the Northwest quadrant of Washington, D.C..
Her debut single, "Jerat Percintaan", won the 11th Anugerah Juara Lagu and another two awards for Best Performance and Best Ballad.
Both lead single and the album received moderate commercial success, entering top-ten on the Japanese Oricon Charts.
The first generation LX 450 started production in 1995 as Lexus' first entry into the SUV market.
The Ford Focus is a compact hatchback manufactured by the Ford Motor Company since 1998.
Following The Red, they released their second EP, The Velvet, on March 17, 2016, which showed a more mature, R&B-influenced musical style.
The Territory was sold in New Zealand, with exports to South Africa beginning in 2005 and those to Thailand in 2006.
She debuted as a solo artist on November 30, 2015 with the extended play titled Frank.
Sold from 2009 until 2017 by Mercedes-Benz, the C207 and A207 replaced the previous C209/A209 CLK-Class models.
The band has occasionally gone into hiatus while individual members work on solo and other projects, and did so again between 2008 and 2013.
The Luxury Brand Status Index 2008 voted the Maybach first place, ahead of Rolls-Royce and Bentley.
Australian production ceased in 2008 and since that time the company has been exclusively a vehicle importer.
This is a list of the best selling albums by country based on the information and certifications provided by the respective national charts.
Introduced in 1993 as a replacement for the 190 range, the C-Class was the smallest model in the marque's line-up until the A-Class arrived in 1997.
After the death of Morrison, the three remaining Doors members released two more studio albums before they eventually disbanded, Other Voices, and Full Circle.
In 2010, he participated in the reality television singing contest Superstar K2 and finished in fourth place.
The following is a List of Mercedes-Benz vehicles indexed by year of introduction.
This is the discography of South Korean boy band Super Junior, produced and managed by SM Entertainment.
She is best known for her song "Toilet no Kamisama", an acoustic ballad about her grandmother, which became a hit in 2010.
Her main producer and composer is Kazuhito Kikuchi and she is also known for playing the erhu.
In April 2016, MMC admitted that its employees had falsified fuel-efficiency data for the eK Wagon, eK Space, Nissan Dayz and Nissan Dayz Roox.
However, the Torrent had a different front and rear end to distinguish it visually from the Equinox.
Sold primarily in North America, the Navigator is the Lincoln counterpart of the Ford Expedition.
The aggressive styling garnered praise as a welcome departure from traditional Saturn design.
Such albums have the certifications for the number of copies shipped indicated.
In 1996 the convertible was introduced, replacing its LeBaron counterpart as well.
As of January 2011, this album has sold 23,000 copies.
All albums included on this list have their available claimed figures supported by at least 30% in certified copies.
These two albums were much less successful internationally than her previous releases, but both charted in Japan.
The figures given do not take into account the resale of used albums.
The criteria are that the figure must have been published by a reliable source and the album must have sold at least 20 million copies worldwide.
American singer Cyndi Lauper has released eleven studio albums, six compilation albums, three video albums and forty-six singles.
Following an unsuccessful debut with the single "Rocket Girl" in August 2011, Stellar underwent a line-up change and released "UFO" in February 2012, which fared similarly.
The Lincoln Navigator was the first Lincoln to be produced in a factory outside the Wixom Assembly Plant since 1958.
As of February 2014, the 2014 Tahoe was the top-ranked Affordable Large SUV in U.S. News & World Report's rankings.
"Take Me Home" was also featured during the end credits of the 2006 video game Prey.
2 received Platinum status within 3 weeks.
L.A. Woman, was the final Doors album with frontman Jim Morrison, who died of undetermined causes in Paris shortly after the album's release.
Sharing many of its features with the Ford Explorer, the vehicles were virtually identical in terms of hardware.
Jackson also currently has the highest number of albums on the list with five, while The Beatles and Madonna each have three.
Namie Amuro—formerly known as Namie Maruyama in her personal life—is a Japanese singer, dancer, fashion model, actress, and businesswoman.
The MDX was introduced as a 2001 model, replacing the slow-selling U.S.-only body-on-frame SLX, based on the Isuzu Trooper.
De Nysschen left the company as of August 2014 to become CEO of Cadillac.
This is a list of the 100 best-selling singles in France during the 2000s.
The only current Z model is the second generation of the Z4 series.
The sales of singles that are italicized are the compilation of sales in available markets instead of a worldwide sales figure.
All versions have revised tailgates with a painted metal section instead of the dark glass trim used in Europe.
In his biography, Cousins claims that he did his best Laurence Olivier impersonation for the song's intro.
3 on the Billboard 200 and was certified platinum in the United States and Canada.
The album also contains three tracks previously unavailable in the USA.
The album was recorded at Orzabal's newly built home studio, Neptune's Kitchen, and was co-produced by Orzabal, Griffiths and Tim Palmer.
2 received Platinum status within 3 weeks.
The discography of Korean-American singer Jay Park consists of three studio album, twelve singles, three EPs, and more.
1995 saw the first release of their collaborative material, "Tsuki Hitoshizuku" co-written and sung by pop icon Kyoko Koizumi.
After season 5, such compilations were released only sporadically.
In 1926 Daimler Motoren Gesellschaft and Benz & Cie. merged forming Daimler-Benz and selling the Mercedes-Benz line of vehicles.
E71 development began in 2003 under Peter Tuennermann, after start of E70 X5 development in 2001.
It is a rebadged Suzuki APV with minor exterior cosmetic changes, and is built locally by a subsidiary of Suzuki Motor Corporation.
In Iowa, he settled down and began working intently on his musical career, exploring the electronic keyboard; making samples and sounds… and developing his unique style.
Secret Treaties is the third studio album by the American hard rock band Blue Öyster Cult, released in 1974 by Columbia Records.
Lyn released her first album, My First Confession, using her birth name 'Lee Se-jin', but in 2002, she adapted the stage name, 'Lyn'.
Although sales estimates for Thriller have been as high as 120 million copies, these sales figures are unreliable.
According to Guinness World Records, "White Christmas" by Bing Crosby is the best-selling single worldwide, with estimated sales of over 50 million copies.
The following is the discography of the American rock band The Doors.
Each member alternates singing lead vocals, often within the same song, with the exception of Ue-chan, who provides backup vocals almost exclusively.
The album would later achieve the RIAA certification of six times platinum.
In 2008, Japan surpassed the United States for having the most physical sales.
Honda introduced the second-generation Insight in Japan in February 2009 and in the United States on March 24, 2009.
From its introduction through 2009, it was marketed by Dodge.
However, some Lexus importers use the backronymic name, Grand Sport.
Selling almost 200,000 copies, The Sentimental Chord was the best-selling album of 2007 in Korea.
Its members were in bands such as Carcass, Armageddon, Carnage, Mercyful Fate, Spiritual Beggars, Nevermore, and Eucharist.
The Dodge Nitro is a compact SUV that was produced by Dodge from the 2007 to the 2012 model year.
This iteration of the RL received an extensive mid-generational facelift for the 2009 model year, and a further update for 2011.
Jackson also currently has the highest number of albums on the list with five, while The Beatles and Madonna each have three.
However, they did differ in that the first generation was classified as a mid-sized SUV, while the second generation was classified as a full-sized SUV.
South Korean R&B singer Lyn has released eleven studio albums, two extended plays, and twenty-six singles since debuting in 2000.
In following years, Kubota released three non-album singles "Cymbals", "Ahhhhh!
The Mazda Cosmo is a grand touring coupé that was produced by Mazda from 1967 to 1995.
The Cadillac CTS-V is a high-performance version of the Cadillac CTS.
Such albums have the certifications for the number of copies shipped indicated.
The Malibu began as a trim-level of the Chevrolet Chevelle, becoming its own model line in 1978.
In 2007, B'z became the first band from Asia to have their handprints and signatures put up in the Hollywood's RockWalk.
This is the list of 100 best-selling singles, based on the data by Oricon.
It has been ranked asa the most economically free state in India by the Economic Freedom Rankings for the States of India.
This season begins with the main characters invading a Millefiore base.
With each revision, the Mustang saw an increase in overall dimensions and in engine power.
Universal and Dark Castle dropped the film, which was then picked up by Open Road Films, who released the film on January 30, 2015.
After CCR parted ways in 1972 Fogerty had a successful solo career.
Dickins published this Top 12 chart in NME on 14 November 1952.
Under this scheme, roadsters use the base name "SL", followed by the model's placement in Mercedes-Benz hierarchy.
This is a list of the 100 best-selling singles in France during the 2000s.
The Town Box was discontinued in November 2011, ending the twelve-year production run
It is the successor to the BMW E3 "New Six" sedan and is currently in its sixth generation.
A shorter remix from 1989 was used on the 2001 and 2015 reissues instead of the longer original single version.
The group's debut EP, Born to Beat was released on April 3, 2012.
In 1985, Kubota signed with Sony Japan and began producing and writing songs for many of label's singers and groups.
It was founded in 1932 by Adriaan van Well.
It only came one way for 2010, lacking the navigation package of the 2008 Limited trim, and only came equipped with leather seating.
From 1980 to 2007, the Lincoln Town Car was assembled at Wixom Assembly, at Wixom, Michigan, alongside the Lincoln Continental, Mark Series, and Lincoln LS.
As a solo artist, Loggins experienced a string of soundtrack successes, including an Academy Award nomination for "Footloose" in 1984.
This is the discography of South Korean boy band Super Junior, produced and managed by SM Entertainment.
She became popular after her first song, "Cinta Muka Buku".
The durability associated with its layout popularized the Crown Victoria with taxicab owners and commonly used police patrol/pursuit vehicles in North America.
The band changed North American labels again in 1981, to Warner Bros. Records.
The BMW X3 is a compact luxury crossover SUV manufactured by German automaker BMW since 2003.
The Acura TL is a mid-size luxury car that was manufactured by Acura.
1 in the US and France, and produced their second No.
This is the best-selling albums of all time in Mexico.
The Budd Rail Diesel Car, RDC or Buddliner is a self-propelled diesel multiple unit railcar.
The same car launched in 1991 as the Toyota Aristo in Japan, but the Lexus-badged model did not appear until 1993.
The Taiwan-assembled Mondeo is also exported to China and Saudi Arabia.
It is primarily developed by Rockstar North, and published by Rockstar Games.
In 2012, Park released his first full-length Korean album New Breed, and sold over 100,000 copies in a month.
This is a list of the world's best-selling albums of recorded music.
She moved to South Korea in 2010, where she passed an audition and became an artist for YMC Entertainment.
The album also peaked at number one and was certified million.
Victoria's Secret is wholly owned by L Brands, a publicly traded company.
Following the next three years, Kubota released "Kubojah: Parallel World I", "Neptune", and "The Baddest II".
The discography of South Korean singer Park Hyo-shin consists of seven studio albums, one live album, three compilation albums, one cover album, and twenty singles.
Petworth is a residential neighborhood in the Northwest quadrant of Washington, D.C..
Ford Australia reportedly spent A$500 million on developing this vehicle over a four-year period.
Mariana Rios Botelho is a Brazilian actress and singer.
In the 80's, the band released concert films, and live and compilation albums to much commercial success.
The band became icons of the '80s MTV era and have had widespread commercial success.
Version A of the album sold over 208,000 copies in a month, and cumulative sales surpassed 500,000 copies 109 days after its release.
Although the final vehicle of the division was produced in 2011, Mercury remains an active and registered trademark owned by Ford Motor Company.
Shikata's music is known for its ethnic feel and complex vocal chorus work.
The Rainier was replaced by the Buick Enclave in 2008.
The band began the new decade with the release of the long-awaited Crack a Smile... and More!, followed by the Power to the People album.
Universal and Dark Castle dropped the film, which was then picked up by Open Road Films, who released the film on January 30, 2015.
Acura holds the distinction of being the first Japanese automotive luxury brand.
It is known for its Swan range of yachts.
The figures given do not take into account the resale of used albums.
There hasn't been any news about Dark Castle since.
In December 2011, a remix version of "Going Crazy" was performed on MBC's 2011 Gayo Daejaejun!.
It was based on the same platform as the Peugeot 206 and Citroën C3.
In February 1988, Kubota released "You Were Mine", which debuted at number two.
This is a list of the world's best-selling albums of recorded music.
After its slow sale, the work was eventually certified Gold by the ČNS IFPI, reaching its peak on the local music chart at number #24.
Duffy worked with several producers and writers on the album, including Bernard Butler, Steve Booker, Jimmy Hogarth and Eg White.
The Kia Optima is a mid-sized 4-door sedan manufactured by Kia Motors since 2000 and marketed globally through various nameplates.
All Kansas Lottery games have a minimum age of 18.
Absolutely Live was very well received, it charted in the Top 10 in the US and Canada and was certified gold in both countries.
In 2003, they were ranked 58 on a list of the top 100 Japanese pop musicians by HMV Japan.
This is a list of the 100 best-selling singles in France during the 2000s.
Shopping is the first album by InoueYosuiOkudaTamio, the duo consisting of Japanese singer-songwriters Yōsui Inoue and Tamio Okuda.
They were also generally well received by critics.
She has played Karen Cartwright, one of the lead roles on Smash.
The Mini Mark I had three major UK updates – the Mark II, the Clubman and the Mark III.
The name CL stands for the German Coupé Leicht or Coupé Luxusklasse
It is known for its Swan range of yachts.
Bad Company's most successful album was their 1974 debut, Bad Company.
In 2007, B'z became the first band from Asia to have their handprints and signatures put up in the Hollywood's RockWalk.
Grant was becoming more famous in the world of pop with such albums as Unguarded and Lead Me On.
The group officially debuted on March 19, 2015 with the extended play First Love.
The Malibu began as a trim-level of the Chevrolet Chevelle, becoming its own model line in 1978.
The album featured the single "Had It All", which peaked at No.
Both generations were built in Japan and exclusive to Toyota North American Scion dealerships.
On 19 August 2015 the couple announced their separation.
From 1972 to 1994 he served as artistic director for the JazzFest Berlin.
Hybrid transaxles are built at the Kokura plant in Kitakyushu, Fukuoka since 2009.
Since 1995, diesel engines have been included in the 7 Series range.
She debuted in 2012 as a member of 15&.
In North America, the TSX is sold alongside the mid-size luxury Acura TL, which is based on the American-market Accord.
The Lincoln MKS is a full-size, five passenger luxury sedan manufactured and marketed by the Lincoln subdivision of Ford.
It does this by engaging in political, educational, and social activities.
On June 30, 2017, FNC confirmed the departure of Choa from the group.
Presented to the press in December 1992, the car was produced between 1992 and 2001, with a facelift in 1997.
Walter Chrysler founded Chrysler Corporation in 1925 from the remains of the Maxwell Motor Company.
Heart is the self-titled eighth studio album, released by the American rock band Heart.
Every Monday, Oricon receives data from outlets, but data on merchandise sold through certain channels does not make it into the charts.
The story follows Sonic's quest to protect the land of Soleanna and its ruler, Princess Elise, after she is kidnapped by his archenemy Dr. Eggman.
Starting season 10, compilation albums are released for sales on iTunes straight after the contestants' performances during the season.
Formed in Los Angeles in 1965, the group consisted of Jim Morrison, Ray Manzarek, John Densmore, and Robby Krieger.
As a result, Chrysler was sold to Cerberus Capital Management and renamed Chrysler LLC in 2007.
The First E-Klasse series was originally available as four-door sedan, five-door station wagon, 2 door coupe and 2 door convertible.
The criteria are that the figure must have been published by a reliable source and the album must have sold at least 20 million copies worldwide.
"Donde quiera que estés" was filmed in New York City and was released in December 1993.
Since their inception in 1999, a total of 4,058,258 hybrid electric automobiles and sport utility vehicles have been sold in the country through May 2016.
Signature, also known as McDowell's Signature, is a brand of Indian whisky, manufactured by United Spirits Ltd, a Diageo Group company.
Aside from their core automobile and motorcycle businesses, Honda also manufactures garden equipment, marine engines, personal watercraft and power generators, and other products.
The second single from this album, "Química Do Amor", features Bahian singer Ivete Sangalo.
This is a list of the 100 best-selling singles in France during the 2000s.
The Gaon Album Chart is a record chart that ranks the best-selling albums and EPs in South Korea.
The Z range has been produced in four different series with five generations, including coupe variants, one super car, and one concept.
The criteria are that the figure must have been published by a reliable source and the album must have sold at least 20 million copies worldwide.
Jackson also currently has the highest number of albums on the list with five, while The Beatles and Madonna each have three.
It is known for its Swan range of yachts.
Doğulu said that he made several songs, including 7-8 which he loved a lot: "It was very difficult to shorten the list to three songs.
In 2010, it was ranked the 22nd best-selling album of the 2000s in the UK.
The majority of the albums are from national artists.
Certified copies are sourced from available online databases of local music industry associations.
Since their introduction, the Pontiac minivans were General Motors' most popular minivans among consumers in Canada.
K put his musical activities on hold in 2010 so he could complete the Korean mandatory military service.
Pearcy has also worked as an actor, playing the killer hippie, Timothy Bach, in the horror film Camp Utopia.
The company is headquartered in unincorporated Fairfax County, Virginia, near Herndon.
His solo version of the song was softer and more relaxed and was renamed "Makes Me High".
Later in 2008, she was named as one of Asia's Idol by Asia News Network.
Such albums have the certifications for the number of copies shipped indicated.
Today, she is called the Queen of Pinoy Popular Culture for her enormous contribution in the Philippine showbiz industry, particularly in the popular culture.
The album peaked at number one and sold over a half million records worldwide.
It is written by about 100 full-time editors and more than 4,000 contributors, who have included 110 Nobel Prize winners and five American presidents.
After a four-year hiatus, Kubota released his fifteenth album, Timeless Fly in February 2010.
It replaced the Citroën Saxo, and was built at the Aulnay plant, on the outskirts of Paris.
After season 5, such compilations were released only sporadically.
The Honda Odyssey is a minivan manufactured and marketed by Japanese automaker Honda since 1994, now in its fifth generation.
This is the list of best-selling artists in South Korea.
After season 5, such compilations were released only sporadically.
He was president of MIRA in 2016.
Albums are listed in order of number of copies sold and thereafter by the artist's first name.
The Lexus LX is a full-size luxury sport utility vehicle sold by Lexus since January 1996 having entered manufacture in November 1995.
The criteria are that the figure must have been published by a reliable source and the album must have sold at least 20 million copies worldwide.
The releases are in Korean, unless otherwise specified.
Competing models include the BMW 7 Series, Audi A8, Jaguar XJ, Lexus LS, and the Maserati Quattroporte.
Other major divisions include Mopar, its automotive parts and accessories division, and SRT, its performance automobile division.
The Kansas Lottery is run by the government of Kansas.
For 2007, the 3.5 L V6 was dropped, leaving the 3.9 L as the base engine.
Albums are listed in order of number of copies sold and thereafter by the artist's first name.
The Ford F-Series is a series of light-duty trucks and medium-duty trucks that have been marketed and manufactured by Ford Motor Company since 1948.
The album itself as of 2005, has been sold to a total of more than 800,000 units in Malaysia alone.
Smashproof is a New Zealand hip hop group, consisting of Young Sid, Tyree and Deach.
It traditionally introduces technologies and exterior design themes before they trickle down to other models in BMW's lineup.
The Nissan Cefiro is a luxury car that was produced by the Japanese automobile manufacture Nissan Motors.
Chrysler struggled through the 1970s to adapt to changing markets, increased US import competition, and safety and environmental regulation.
This is the list of best-selling artists in South Korea.
Production started in Honda's Marysville Auto Plant.
AIRSCARF and AIRCAP are the only options on the E250 models.
Starting season 10, compilation albums are released for sales on iTunes straight after the contestants' performances during the season.
The 5-door Brazilian Up also uses a different rear door design with sectioned glass and wind-down windows.
The founder, Gordon McGregor, convinced a group of investors to invest in Henry Ford's new automobile which was being produced across the river in Detroit.
A villain resembling Mario, known as Shadow Mario, vandalizes the island with graffiti and Mario gets blamed for the mess.
Albums are listed in order of number of copies sold and thereafter by the artist's first name.
Due to those two events, an entirely new audience, too young to have known of the band earlier, began listening and purchasing the band's music.
This is a list of the 100 best-selling singles in France during the 1990s.
It was released on 19 March 2010 in Europe and on 23 March in North America.
awarded it Car of the Year for 2010.
Most Infiniti models have direct equivalents in the Japanese domestic market Nissan lineup.
It was founded in 1932 by Adriaan van Well.
Certified copies are sourced from available online databases of local music industry associations.
She is best known as a member of the South Korean girl group 2NE1.
The cover art is demonstrative of Blue Öyster Cult's use of lasers in their live show at that time.
The first Charger was a show car in 1964.
The SLK is built in Bremen, Germany.
This is a list of the best-selling albums of the 2000s, based on IFPI certification and Nielsen SoundScan sales tracking.
The criteria are that the figure must have been published by a reliable source and the album must have sold at least 20 million copies worldwide.
New Super Mario Bros. Wii was critically and commercially successful.
In 2009, her ninth Japanese single "Kuon no Kawa" debuted at No.3 on the Oricon weekly charts, the highest ever by a singer from China.
Geronimo began working with television network ABS-CBN in 2004.
Although sales estimates for Thriller have been as high as 120 million copies, these sales figures are unreliable.
In all, the band's CDs have received 14 gold, 10 diamonds, 13 platinum and 13 double platinum.
The BMW F30/F31/F34/F35 series is the sixth generation of the BMW 3 Series range of entry-level luxury cars.
The Ford Mustang is an American automobile manufactured by Ford.
The Peugeot 408 is a small family car produced by Peugeot.
They are also the first group in the world to release their album in a digital disc format.
Toyota's Lexus division became concerned about the potential name confusion with its Lexus LS.
He initially debuted with Sony in 2001 under the stage name Naoto, however rose to fame in 2010.
Family is a 2012 South Korean family sitcom starring Hwang Shin-hye, Ahn Suk-hwan, Park Ji-yoon and Park Hee-von.
As of January 2015, Dreaming of You has sold five million copies worldwide, and remains the best-selling Latin album of all-time in the United States.
The name of the series references the term used in the US for motor vehicle theft.
This page shows the best-selling Christmas albums in the United States.
To date, the band has sold over 45 million records worldwide and has sold more than 15 million records in the United States alone.
Hyundai Motor India Ltd is a wholly owned subsidiary of the Hyundai Motor Company in India.
He achieved his first number one album in the US in 2015 with his recording Before This World.
This was a diesel Focus, introduced in August 2007.
Her success in the Asian region has gained her honorific titles including "Voice of Asia" and "Asia's Celine Dion".
Selling almost 200,000 copies, The Sentimental Chord was the best-selling album of 2007 in Korea.
With its British origin, the series contains satire and humour.
The U.S. Secretary of State honored her with the International Women of Courage Award in March 2014.
She made her debut after she won a popular local singing competition show Bintang HMI in 1995 when she was only 16.
Grant was becoming more famous in the world of pop with such albums as Unguarded and Lead Me On.
She achieved large success with her single "Can You Celebrate?," which is still the best-selling single from a female artist in Japan.
It is also Mazda's first mid size SUV, since the Navajo was discontinued in 1994.
CD single of "Christmas Eve" reissued in 1986 gained huge commercial success, topping the chart in December 1989.
The joint venture is made up of equity from - Volkswagen AG, Volkswagen Invest, SAIC, with a fixed-term venture for 45 years.
After season 5, such compilations were released only sporadically.
TL sales have been negatively affected by both the recession as well as negative publicity due to styling issues in the latest generation.
A greatest hits compilation was issued in late 2008 and Keep Calm and Carry On was released one year later which became a commercial disappointment.
The group's name is an abbreviation for Urban+Zappy+Kaleidoscopic+Passionate.
This is the discography of the South Korean boy band SG Wannabe.
Starting season 10, compilation albums are released for sales on iTunes straight after the contestants' performances during the season.
It was unveiled on 5 June 2007, and launched in September 2007.
Lincoln launched the MKC concept at the 2013 LA Auto Show and the production model officially went on sale in June 2014.
The Doors became one of the most popular rock bands of their era.
She has co-written six songs' lyrics: "Dialogue," "Halfway," "Life Is Beautiful," "Mirror," "Sōkyokusen" and "Taion".
She has won nine Grammy Awards and was 60th on Billboard magazine's artists of the 2000–2009 decade chart.
Entertainment in 2014, and consists of five members.
This is the list of the 100 best-selling certified singles in Finland, according to Musiikkituottajat – IFPI Finland.
The designation "SLK" derives from the company's design mission to create a roadster that was at once sporty, light and short—in German: sportlich, leicht und kurz.
The album's first single, "Over It", was a Pop Top 30 hit and was certified gold in 2008.
Big Bang is known for involvement in composing and producing their own music.
Amy Lee, better known by her stage name Ailee, is a Korean-American singer-songwriter based in South Korea.
After two remakes, it moved on to producing original material, along with remakes of non-Castle films.
The band was formed in 1979 by the former Scorpions and UFO guitarist Michael Schenker.
It has produced vehicles into the 21st century
As of January 2011, this album has sold 23,000 copies.
In 2000, the Lumina Sedan was replaced by the Impala.
This is the list of 100 best-selling singles, based on the data by Oricon.
The Solstice uses the GM Kappa platform, which also underpins the Saturn Sky, Opel GT, and Daewoo G2X.
Her third album, the holiday-themed Christmas Is the Time to Say I Love You, was released on October 12, 2010.
Besides musical awards, she has various other achievements under her belt.
Starting season 10, compilation albums are released for sales on iTunes straight after the contestants' performances during the season.
Jennifer Lopez is featured in the video as "Selena", though her entire body was covered with charoma key.
Alan Dawa Dolma, professionally known as Alan, is a female Tibetan singer active in both Chinese and Japanese music industry.
Sir Marc Feldmann, AC FAA FRS FRCP FRCPath FMedSci, is an Australian immunologist, and a professor at the University of Oxford.
However, in July 2009, Bob Lutz made an off-hand comment during a press review that the G8 would be revived as the Chevrolet Caprice.
Recent T-shirt designs and lyric book inserts hint at the band possibly breaking up in 2018.
Later in 2008, she was named as one of Asia's Idol by Asia News Network.
To date, they have released 5 studio albums, 3 live albums, 11 singles, 2 EPs, and 2 video albums.
Turner holds the spot as the 8th best selling female artist of all time out of all genres, with record sales of over 180 million worldwide.
They are derived from the Benz Maybach concept car presented at the 1997 Tokyo Motor Show.
It is built on the same chassis as used on the Toyota Camry.
As a result, Chrysler was sold to Cerberus Capital Management and renamed Chrysler LLC in 2007.
Acura is the luxury vehicle marque of Japanese automaker Honda.
The same car launched in 1991 as the Toyota Aristo in Japan, but the Lexus-badged model did not appear until 1993.
They released the number one single, "I'm Different", in November 2014.
The group won a Japanese Grammy in 1992.
Toshinobu Kubota has produced six million-seller records and thirty-three Top 40 singles during his career.
The group consists of Seo Eun-kwang, Lee Min-hyuk, Lee Chang-sub, Im Hyun-sik, Peniel Shin, Jung Il-hoon, and Yook Sung-jae.
31 respectively on the Billboard 200 chart.
The 2010 sixth-generation Ford Taurus was released without a Mercury Sable counterpart, leaving the Mercury Grand Marquis as the sole full-size sedan for the division.
A total of five singles were released from the album.
The show has grown in popularity since the first season aired in 2012, and it is credited with increasing the Korean public's interest in hip hop.
Choo signed a $1.35 million contract with the Mariners after the championship and converted to the outfield.
It had a 360 CID V-8 engine with a single 4 barrel carburetor rated at 300 hp.
In 2014 Mercedes officially ceased using the CL-Class designation, instead moving the segments' vehicle naming back to the S-Class Coupe/Convertible label.
As of January 2011, this album has sold 23,000 copies.
He is best known as the founder, singer, and songwriter of the heavy metal band Ratt.
That November, the company began publishing a singles chart on an experimental basis.
The group continued as a duo consisting of Kim Yeonji and Lee Bo-Ram until their disbandment in 2011.
In terms of size, it is slotted in between the smaller GLC-Class and the larger GLS-Class, with which it shares platforms.
The following list is a discography of production by Lex Luger, an American record producer.
Jackson also currently has the highest number of albums on the list with five, while The Beatles and Madonna each have three.
The LX name stands for "Luxury Crossover".
It was originally based on the platform of the second generation North American Ford Falcon, a compact car.
Compilations for individual contestants were released digitally starting season 6.
In February 2014 Volkswagen introduced a modified version of the Up for Latin America.
The discography of Japanese R&B singer Toshinobu Kubota consists of eighteen studio albums, ten compilation albums, two tribute albums, and over seventy singles.
Over 50% of the state is urbanized, accounting for 9.6% of the urban population in the country while only comprising 6% of India's total population.
The Mitsubishi Delica is a range of trucks and vans built by Mitsubishi since 1968.
The team raced successfully as Brawn GP in 2009, and was subsequently sold to Daimler AG and renamed Mercedes GP for the 2010 season.
While the initial sales target was 10,000 units per month, it sold 13,000 in its first four days, and 20,000 by the end of October 2001.
The W205 is the first car to use the all-new Modular Rear-wheel drive Architecture platform.
He is best known for his songs "Arabada Beş, Evde Onbeş", "Aganigi Naganigi" and "Dar Geldi Sana Ankara".
Baek Ye-rin, otherwise credited as Yerin Baek or simply Yerin is a South Korean singer-songwriter.
Jennifer Beals is an American actress and a former teen model.
The DVD Calypso by Brazil was 24 weeks on the bestseller list of Brazil.
Over 50% of the state is urbanized, accounting for 9.6% of the urban population in the country while only comprising 6% of India's total population.
The four-door CTS-V sedan was introduced in 2004, and the CTS-V sport wagon and coupe were introduced in 2010 for the 2011 model year.
They returned in 1983 as an engine supplier, a role that ended in 1992.
2 on the US Billboard 200 and No.
This is the list of top fifteen best-selling albums in South Korea.
A total of five singles were released from the album.
They debuted as a five-member group with the single album The Difference on April 7, 2011, promoting the songs "Do You Know" and "So Sexy".
Elisa Toffoli is an Italian singer-songwriter, performing under the mononym Elisa.
Daewoo had entered the Indian automobile market with Cielo just three years back while Ford, Opel and Honda had entered less than a year back.
Blenders Pride is a brand of Indian whisky, owned by Pernod Ricard, and launched in 1995.
Sato also arranged the song, and his arrangement won the 35th Japan Record Awards.
In the United States, the Lexus ES has been the best-selling Lexus sedan for over fifteen years.
Anne returned to the group in 1982, before Linda left in 1983.
The Lexus GS is a mid-size luxury car sold by Lexus, the luxury division of Toyota.
She sold total of 1 million records worldwide.
The Giulietta advertising campaign is made with Hollywood actress Uma Thurman.
Evil Pimp is an American recording rap artist from Memphis, Tennessee.
The 1989 Z1 was a limited production European run for BMW, whereas the 1996 Z3 was the first mass-produced roadster for BMW.
Spar, trademarked as SPAR, is a Dutch multinational retail chain and franchise brand with approximately 12,500 stores in 42 countries worldwide.
Between 1979 and 1982, the group had seven UK top 20 hits, including "Gotta Pull Myself Together" "Who's Gonna Rock You", "Attention to Me" and "Chemistry".
This is a list of past and present rolling stock owned and operated by Via Rail in Canada.
The firm next introduced the second generation model in 2009.
When he was a member of KAT-TUN, he was recognized as the rapper in the group and has a hip-hop-influenced style.
The Volkswagen Chattanooga Assembly Plant was inaugurated on May 24, 2011, and currently builds the US-spec Volkswagen Passat.
Since 2003, she has had six top 10 hits in Norway.
Toshinobu "Toshi" Kubota is a Japanese singer, songwriter, musician, music producer, and radio personality.
While the Lexus RX is based on the Toyota Camry mass market sedan, the X5 shares its underpinnings with the BMW 5 Series performance luxury sedan.
"Fire" served as the official debut single and was released on May 6, 2009.
In the 80's, the band released concert films, and live and compilation albums to much commercial success.
Baroness Léonie Cooreman, known under the stage name Annie Cordy, is a Belgian film actress and singer.
The album peaked at number two and became certified double platinum, selling over 840,00 copies.
Drive-Thru Records, established in 1996, was a California-based record label owned by siblings Richard and Stefanie Reines.
2 received Platinum status within 3 weeks.
This list can contain any types of albums, including studio albums, greatest hits, compilations, various artists, soundtracks and remixes.
It was also number one on the UK Singles chart in that same year for eight weeks.
No compilations were released in season 7.
Jung made her acting debut in the coming-of-age drama, Reply 1997 in 2012.
No Rest for the Wicked is the fifth studio album by English heavy metal vocalist Ozzy Osbourne.
Third, they linked the DNA for TNF receptor 2 to the DNA for IgG1 Fc.
Following The Red, they released their second EP, The Velvet, on March 17, 2016, which showed a more mature, R&B-influenced musical style.
All albums listed here have sold over 400,000 copies.
It has sold 45,000 copies as of January 2011.
The following is the discography of the American rock band The Doors.
Starship Entertainment announced on Twitter that he will be getting married in May 2016.
She has released ten full albums to date.
The band's songs have appeared on movies, TV shows and video games.
She is a singer, songwriter, producer, musical conductor, multi-instrumentalist, dancer, voice actress and social activist.
The criteria are that the album must have been published, and the album must have shipped at least 10 million units starting from January 1, 2000.
The first-generation RX 300, fitted with a 3.0-liter V6 engine, began sales in 1998.
This is a list of the world's best-selling albums of recorded music.
The Honda Odyssey is a minivan manufactured and marketed by Japanese automaker Honda since 1994, now in its fifth generation.
She has played Karen Cartwright, one of the lead roles on Smash.
The third generation, from 1978 to 1983, was a badge engineered Mitsubishi Galant Lambda compact car.
With a reported 40 million records sold, they were the first Japanese act to headline at Madison Square Garden.
It was written by Toby Gad and Elyssa James.
The following is a List of Mercedes-Benz vehicles indexed by year of introduction.
The group won a Japanese Grammy in 1992.
Kubota's musical genre has varied throughout his career including R&B, Go-go, soul, funk, blues, reggae, old skool, psychedelia, jazz, and pop.
The second generation Traverse will debut in showrooms in the summer of 2017.
Four generations of the Lexus RX have been produced to date, the first being compact in size, and the latter three classified as mid-size.
Sold from 2009 until 2017 by Mercedes-Benz, the C207 and A207 replaced the previous C209/A209 CLK-Class models.
Despite the song received much airplay upon its release, her recording career went on hiatus afterwards.
Kubota's fourth studio album, Bonga Wanga, was released in July 1990.
Certified copies are sourced from available online databases of local music industry associations.
In March 2012, Encyclopædia Britannica, Inc. announced it would no longer publish printed editions, and would focus instead on Encyclopædia Britannica Online.
This is the sixth year in a row that the nation has failed to qualify for the final.
Billboard Hot 100 and Number 1 in Canada.
The alphanumeric moniker stands for "Multi-Dimensional luxury".
Three generations have been produced, all based heavily on the long-running Toyota Land Cruiser SUVs.
In November 1986, voters approved a constitutional amendment authorizing the creation of a government-run lottery.
Early models include sDrive35i, xDrive35i, xDrive50i, followed by xDrive35d in early 2014, and the xDrive40e, a plug-in hybrid variant in 2015.
Her version of "La Ballade de Davy Crockett" was number 1 in the charts for five weeks in France in August 1956.
After his unsettled youth, the Man he became eventually relocated himself to the Midwest.
This list can contain any types of albums, including studio albums, greatest hits, compilations, various artists, soundtracks and remixes.
Michael Jackson's Thriller, estimated to have sold 65 million copies worldwide, is the best-selling album.
Jackson also currently has the highest number of albums on the list with five, while The Beatles and Madonna each have three.
The concept car was based on the Mercedes-Benz S-Class sedan, as are the production models.
Such albums have the certifications for the number of copies shipped indicated.
The R-Class was offered in two wheelbases, 2,980 mm and 3,215 mm, the latter being the sole offering in the US.
While in her native country she successfully developed an acting career, in the Czech Republic Tobias established herself as a singer of urban chanson.
Duffy also won three awards at the 2009 BRIT Awards for her work on Rockferry including Best British Album, whilst Butler was given the Producer's Award.
This is a list of the world's best-selling albums of recorded music.
In 1989, Kubota released his compilation album, The Baddest.
Originally a rear-wheel-drive intermediate, GM revived the Malibu nameplate as a front-wheel-drive car in 1997.
Their first extended play, Reverie appeared in November 1982.
They are also the first group in the world to release their album in a digital disc format.
"Amor prohibido" was released on Valentine's Day in 1994 and was filmed in Joshua Tree national park in Joshua Tree, California.
Yōsui Inoue is a Japanese singer, lyricist, composer, guitarist and record producer, who is an important figure in Japanese music.
The album was also released worldwide through iTunes.
Yıldız Tilbe is a Turkish pop folk singer of Kurdish-Zaza descent and one of the best-selling musical artists in Turkey, known especially for her eastern-infused ballads.
In addition, Kubota has composed and written songs for many singers including Iwasaki Hiromi, Misia, Toshinori Yonekura, Koizumi Kyoko, and many other recording artists.
while Dodge received the compact Dart based on the same platform.
His wife Etsuko Shihomi is an actress.
As with her previous release, neither Punto Fijo achieved a presence in the official albums charts.
L.A. Woman was certified gold and platinum in several different countries.
However their reports and charts are only available to industry insiders and are not available to the general public.
This is the list of top fifteen best-selling albums in South Korea.
As with their predecessors, all Cobalts and its Pontiac equivalents were manufactured at GM's plant in Ramos Arizpe, Mexico and Lordstown, Ohio.
For the 2007 model year, the Excursion was largely replaced as Ford introduced an extended-length version of the Ford Expedition.
Lü Jianzhong, better known by his stage name Tank, is a Taiwanese singer-songwriter.
Hyundai Motor India Ltd is a wholly owned subsidiary of the Hyundai Motor Company in India.
Stanah Community Primary School is an English mixed primary school located in the Stanah area of Thornton, Lancashire.
In March 2017, the new 3008 won European Car Of The Year 2017, by a jury of 58 motoring journalists from twenty two European countries.
In the video, Selena dances in front of a chroma key and videos of people walking down the streets.
The Luxury Brand Status Index 2008 voted the Maybach first place, ahead of Rolls-Royce and Bentley.
In 1926 Daimler Motoren Gesellschaft and Benz & Cie. merged forming Daimler-Benz and selling the Mercedes-Benz line of vehicles.
Local governments within each commission's geographic area are members of each commission.
Main competitors of the CL-Class in the luxury 2+2 coupé segment included the Aston Martin DBS, Bentley Continental GT, BMW M6, and the Ferrari 612.
The Infiniti marque is not used in Japan.
To generate further interest in the car, a Series III revision came on 29 July 2007 with mainly cosmetic changes.
The term "full-size" came in use after Ford introduced compact cars and mid-size or intermediate size classes in the 1960s.
Their official fan club is named Ikimonogakari Fan Class 1-2
The group's name is a reference to ikimono-gakari, a group of children who are responsible for looking after plants and animals in Japanese elementary schools.
Frontiers was the band's highest-charting album in the United Kingdom, reaching No.
Following its discontinuation in 2009, it was not directly replaced, but its role in the Ford line was largely taken over by the larger Ford Flex.
Assault Attack is the third studio album from The Michael Schenker Group, and the only album to feature former Rainbow vocalist Graham Bonnet.
With a reported 40 million records sold, they were the first Japanese act to headline at Madison Square Garden.
As the 301 is designed specifically for emerging markets, the 301 is not available in Western Europe, including France and the United Kingdom.
Since model year 1999, Honda has marketed a larger Odyssey in North America and a smaller Odyssey in Japan and other markets.
The Mercedes-Benz W205 is an entry-level luxury car which is being produced by the German automaker Mercedes-Benz from 2014, under the C-Class model names.
Oy Nautor AB is a Finnish producer of luxury sailing yachts, based in Jakobstad.
It was produced by StarKid Productions and directed by Matt Lang.
Sales figures are not released during the season for these album so all numbers are for sales after the season is over.
This list can contain any types of albums, including studio albums, greatest hits, compilations, various artists, soundtracks and remixes.
In Iowa, he settled down and began working intently on his musical career, exploring the electronic keyboard; making samples and sounds… and developing his unique style.
This list can contain any types of albums, including studio albums, greatest hits, compilations, various artists, soundtracks and remixes.
Gran Turismo, abbreviated GT, is a series of racing video games developed by Polyphony Digital.
The 370Z is the sixth-generation of the Nissan Z-car line, succeeding the 350Z.
In addition, Kubota has composed and written songs for many singers including Iwasaki Hiromi, Misia, Toshinori Yonekura, Koizumi Kyoko, and many other recording artists.
Although sales estimates for Thriller have been as high as 120 million copies, these sales figures are unreliable.
In 2003, they were ranked 58 on a list of the top 100 Japanese pop musicians by HMV Japan.
The Mercedes-Benz W205 is an entry-level luxury car which is being produced by the German automaker Mercedes-Benz from 2014, under the C-Class model names.
This is the list of top fifteen best-selling albums in South Korea.
BlackBerry was considered one of the most prominent smartphone vendors in the world, specializing in secure communications and mobile productivity.
More than 637,000 light-duty plug-in electric passenger cars have been registered in Europe up until December 2016, representing 31.4% of global sales.
The figures given do not take into account the resale of used albums.
The 407, along with the larger 607, was succeeded by the 508 in January 2011.
The current band line-up includes the founders Alexi Laiho and Jaska Raatikainen along with Roope Latvala, Janne Wirman and Henkka Seppälä.
The first generation Odyssey was marketed in Europe as the Shuttle.
While the Lexus RX is based on the Toyota Camry mass market sedan, the X5 shares its underpinnings with the BMW 5 Series performance luxury sedan.
Certified copies are sourced from available online databases of local music industry associations.
This unreleased album contains tracks such as "Lights Out", "Superman" and "Goodbye But Not The End."
Three years later, Ferreri returned to compete in the 64th edition of the contest.
Another single from the album, "Here Without You", reached number one on the Adult Pop Songs chart and was certified two times platinum by the RIAA.
The show has since shifted to a more familiar reality-variety show concept focused on games.
Love Com, also known as Lovely Complex, is a romantic comedy shōjo manga by Aya Nakahara.
Michael Jackson's Thriller, estimated to have sold 65 million copies worldwide, is the best-selling album.
In the following years, Kubota went on to release the albums United Flow, Time to Share, and For Real?.
The sisters have pursued varying solo careers in acting, music and television presenting.
Released in December 1979, the song reached number three in the UK in February 1980 and topped the Japanese charts in November 1980.
Two singles were released from the album "The Ones You Love" and "Hopelessly".
The Citroën C6 Lignage formed the basis of the Citroën C6, which was launched in November 2005, five years later than Citroën had originally planned.
Their discography comprises seven studio albums, one live album and twenty-five singles.
The popularity continued into the new decade with their third consecutive multi platinum selling album Flesh & Blood.
The Mitsubishi Town Box is a kei car produced for the domestic market by Japanese automaker Mitsubishi Motors.
Complicating matters further are the changes from 2010 onwards as certifications have become based on a combined figure of sales and streaming, instead of sales alone.
"You and I" was also awarded "Best Digital Single" at the 2010 Mnet Asian Music Awards.
For 2007, the 3.5 L V6 was dropped, leaving the 3.9 L as the base engine.
Over their career, they have found success incorporating elements of heavy metal, hardcore punk, pop, funk, hip hop and ska into their sound.
The first generation LX 450 started production in 1995 as Lexus' first entry into the SUV market.
As a 4-door crossover with a front engine and four-wheel drive, the Aztek featured a four-speed automatic transmission with a V-6 engine.
The Hummer H2 was the only one of the trucks to have the letters HUMMER between the grille.
The game also marked the first appearance of Yoshi, Mario's dinosaur sidekick.
Kubota has a total of seventeen studio albums and ten compilation albums.
h.c. F. Porsche AG, usually shortened to Porsche AG, is a German automobile manufacturer specializing in high-performance sports cars, SUVs and sedans.
In 2003, HMV Japan ranked the band at number 30 on their list of the 100 most important Japanese pop acts.
He debuted as a vocalist of the group Shinee in May 2008 under S.M.
Geronimo is pop music's best-selling artist of all time in the Philippines, having sold more than 1 million albums.
The album was unsuccessful, causing the band to break up and Lauper to file for bankruptcy.
The company was founded in 1966 by Pekka Koskenkylä.
One of its popular microvans is the Wuling Sunshine.
All albums included on this list have their available claimed figures supported by at least 30% in certified copies.
Based in Milan, Italy, it is the world's largest eyewear company.
The Traverse began production in September 2008 at a retooled Spring Hill Assembly Plant in Tennessee, but production was later moved to Lansing.
In 1926 Daimler Motoren Gesellschaft and Benz & Cie. merged forming Daimler-Benz and selling the Mercedes-Benz line of vehicles.
The discography of the South Korean girl group Red Velvet consists of one studio album, five extended plays, and ten singles.
It includes artists from all over the world, but it only includes sales in the United States of America.
For its followup, the name of Liberty was retired; the next generation restored the name of "Cherokee".
Production stopped in mid-2009, following the GM decision to suspend the Pontiac brand.
Geronimo is pop music's best-selling artist of all time in the Philippines, having sold more than 1 million albums.
She has played Karen Cartwright, one of the lead roles on Smash.
It also reached Number 3 in the UK.
He expanded the company in 1928 with the acquisition of Fargo Trucks and Dodge Brothers, and the creation of the Plymouth and DeSoto brands.
Such albums have the certifications for the number of copies shipped indicated.
Jaya found better success in her hometown, the Philippines where she has become successful in music, television, and also theater.
The Mustang has undergone several transformations to its current sixth generation.
It is available in saloon, coupé and estate variants, with both diesel and petrol engines.
Ford has sold over 16 million Fiestas since 1976, making it one of the best selling Ford marques behind the Escort and the F-Series.
Certified copies are sourced from available online databases of local music industry associations.
In Japan, it was sold at a specific retail chain called Car Plaza.
As the 301 is designed specifically for emerging markets, the 301 is not available in Western Europe, including France and the United Kingdom.
To generate further interest in the car, a Series III revision came on 29 July 2007 with mainly cosmetic changes.
Volkswagen Group of America, Inc., is the North American operational headquarters, and subsidiary of the Volkswagen Group of automobile companies of Germany.
The First E-Klasse series was originally available as four-door sedan, five-door station wagon, 2 door coupe and 2 door convertible.
Unlike the 3 Series and 5 Series sedans, BMW has not produced an M model for the 7 Series.
In 2004, it received the 49th Shogakukan Manga Award for shōjo.
The criteria are that the figure must have been published by a reliable source and the album must have sold at least 20 million copies worldwide.
The discography of Japanese R&B singer Toshinobu Kubota consists of eighteen studio albums, ten compilation albums, two tribute albums, and over seventy singles.
Such albums have the certifications for the number of copies shipped indicated.
It contributed to the development of electro, hip hop, techno, and bleep techno.
BMW also introduced a separate hatchback model under the 3 Series nameplate called the Gran Turismo.
Besides musical awards, she has various other achievements under her belt.
Along with its rebadged Mercury and Lincoln variants, the Crown Victoria was the final full-frame rear-wheel-drive passenger sedan produced in North America.
The following is a comprehensive discography of Ministry, an influential American industrial metal band.
This list can contain any types of albums, including studio albums, greatest hits, compilations, various artists, soundtracks and remixes.
In 1985, Diamond-Star Motors was created, further expanding the Chrysler-Mitsubishi relationship.
She is also a former gravure idol.
Show Me The Money is a South Korean rap competition TV show that airs on Mnet.
This is the list of best-selling artists in South Korea.
A second generation NSX was launched in 2015 and features a twin-turbocharged mid-engine, a nine-speed dual-clutch transmission, and Sport Hybrid SH-AWD.
Tamil Nadu has the second largest economy in India with a current GSDP of ₹13,842 billion.
They are best known for their hit single "I'm In the Mood for Dancing".
All albums included on this list have their available claimed figures supported by at least 30% in certified copies.
The discography of Salyu consists of three studio albums, one compilations album, and 14 solo singles, four collaboration singles and one DVD.
According to the book Heavier than Heaven, the album was Kurt Cobain's favorite album from 1979.
It consists of an extended play, nine singles, two promotional singles and eighteen music videos.
Units sold include physical copies and digital downloads.
It was produced by Media Factory, J.C.Staff, and Amber Film Works.
France has long been a global centre of art, science, and philosophy.
The Mustang is also credited for inspiring the designs of coupés such as the Toyota Celica and Ford Capri, which were imported to the United States.
Though outwardly similar, the CX-7 and the Mazda CX-9 do not share platforms.
All albums included on this list have their available claimed figures supported by at least 30% in certified copies.
The figures given do not take into account the resale of used albums.
Jo Dong-rim, born March 25, 1985, better known by the stage name Mad Clown, is a South Korean rapper, songwriter, and record producer.
The lead single "Love Rain" charted at number three on the Oricon Singles chart.
The first generation started production in 2004, and was replaced by the second generation Sport in 2013.
Compilations for individual contestants were released digitally starting season 6.
First was the short-lived M45 sedan, a rebadged version of the Japanese-spec Nissan Gloria.
The album featured the single "Had It All", which peaked at No.
Lauper's third album, A Night to Remember, was released in 1989.
Since the debut of Monkey Majik, Maynard and Blaise have both simultaneously worked solo ventures into the music industry to much acclaim.
The Escalade ESV version is available in the United States, Canada, Mexico, and the Middle East.
Both generations of the XC90 have won Motor Trend's SUV of the Year award in their debuts.
The band also gravitated towards a more glam metal/pop metal sound on Detonator.
became the band's fourth consecutive number-one album that same year.
Featured artists included Tech N9ne, Young Buck, Paul Wall and Rich The Factor.
It is named for the Italian city of Milan.
The company was founded in 1902, and is headquartered in Manitowoc, Wisconsin.
The Maybach 57 and 62 were the first automobile models of the Maybach brand since the brand's revival by DaimlerChrysler AG.
The first generation of the X5, with the chassis code E53, made its debut in 1999.
This is the discography of Regine Velasquez, which contains all her albums and singles since 1986.
This is a list of the world's best-selling albums of recorded music.
Century Child is the fourth studio album by the Finnish symphonic metal band Nightwish, released in 2002 through Spinefarm Records.
The fourth member, Yoomin was added to the group in October 2014.
In Brazil, the Magnum nameplate was a top of the line version of the local Dodge Dart from 1979 to 1981.
The company is headquartered in unincorporated Fairfax County, Virginia, near Herndon.
The most recent version is a subcompact model manufactured between 2002 and 2012, sold under the Colt name internationally.
Kenan Cihan Doğulu is a Turkish pop musician.
The resultant scandal culminated in Nissan acquiring a controlling interest in MMC the following month.
Among country markets, the United States ranks second with more than 570,000 plug-in electric cars sold through December 2016.
The Lincoln MKS is a full-size, five passenger luxury sedan manufactured and marketed by the Lincoln subdivision of Ford.
In 1992, Lauper appeared in the English version of Starmania, a French rock opera.
Southern All Stars, also known by the abbreviations Sazan and SAS, is a Japanese rock band that first formed in 1974.
In 2011, Mitsubishi Motors was the sixth biggest Japanese automaker and the sixteenth biggest worldwide by production.
The first game encompassed three fictional cities, while subsequent titles tend to emphasise a single setting.
Mercedes was a brand of DMG started in 1901.
To counter the artistic criticism of its last two albums The Doors next released Morrison Hotel.
The second generation Pilot is also marketed in Russia, Ukraine, and in the Dominican Republic.
They were nominated for a Grammy Award in 1994 for Best World Music Album, and in 1995 they won the Award for the album Boheme.
The production version was released in September 2007.
This is the discography of Malaysian singer-songwriter Najwa Latif.
The Jeep Commander & is a mid-size SUV, which was manufactured by the Jeep division of the American manufacturer Chrysler, from 2005 to 2010.
In addition, the band has had two Latin Grammy nominations.
A total of 157,242 Haima passenger cars were sold in China in 2013, making it the 28th largest-selling car brand in the country in that year.
It was founded in 2011 to supplement the Oil Stabilization Fund.
Defenders of the Faith is the ninth studio album by British heavy metal band Judas Priest.
She gained fame in May 2006 as the runner-up on the fifth season of American Idol.
The company funds PetEducation.com, a "resource for any pet owner who is seeking information."
The CL-Class had more rear legroom than these aforementioned competitors.
The company positioned the cars as a prestige marque to rival Cadillac, Lincoln, Duesenberg, Pierce Arrow, Cord and Packard.
It is known for its Swan range of yachts.
Unpretty Rapstar is a 2015 South Korean music competition program focusing on female rappers.
The MG TF was manufactured at the former MG Rover Longbridge plant and sold within the UK from 2008 - 2010.
Released in 1993, it yielded four singles: "Will You Be There", which reached No.
In some markets such as North America, the GS shares the mid-size sedan category in the Lexus lineup with the front-wheel drive ES.
Certified copies are sourced from available online databases of local music industry associations.
Per capita GDP of Tamil Nadu was $3,000 in the year 2014–15, the third highest in India.
The album featured the single "Had It All", which peaked at No.
15 on the UK Albums Chart and No.
The BMW Z8 is a roadster produced by German automaker BMW from 1999 to 2003.
For the sixth generation, the coupe and convertible models were spun off to create the new BMW 4 Series nameplate.
The 4.7-liter V8 engine in the GX 470 was the same as used on the larger LX 470.
As of 2013, Once has sold 2.3 million copies worldwide, being Nightwish's most successful album to date.
Taiwan's album sales peaked in 1990s, but it was adversely impacted by the copyright infringement and Internet downloads since the 21st century.
Starting season 10, compilation albums are released for sales on iTunes straight after the contestants' performances during the season.
TL sales have been negatively affected by both the recession as well as negative publicity due to styling issues in the latest generation.
The Citroën C2 was discontinued in October 2009, and replaced by the Citroën DS3 in January 2010.
The MDX was introduced as a 2001 model, replacing the slow-selling U.S.-only body-on-frame SLX, based on the Isuzu Trooper.
All albums listed here have sold over 400,000 copies.
This is the list of the 100 best-selling certified singles in Finland, according to Musiikkituottajat – IFPI Finland.
It is a three-row, seven-passenger vehicle positioned above the M-Class/GLE-Class in the lineup and is the flagship of the Mercedes-Benz SUV line.
Since September 2014, she has starred in Scorpion as Paige Dineen.
It is the first Indian whisky brand to not use any artificial flavour.
Over the next few years, Fiat gradually acquired the other parties' shares while removing much of the weight of the loans in a short period.
In Japan, it filled a gap when the Honda Horizon was discontinued in 1999.
Melody Day is a South Korean girl group formed in 2012 by Cre.
Pyromania is the third studio album by English rock band Def Leppard, released on 20 January 1983.
Such albums have the certifications for the number of copies shipped indicated.
Maximum the Hormone is a four-member Japanese nu metal band.
Her second album, Unbroken, was released on Verve Forecast Records on January 5, 2010, and debuted at No.
The following is a List of Mercedes-Benz vehicles indexed by year of introduction.
It includes artists from all over the world, but it only includes sales in the United States of America.
Although sales estimates for Thriller have been as high as 120 million copies, these sales figures are unreliable.
In 2015, Fradiani entered as a solo singer on the fourteenth season of American Idol.
"Missing My Baby" was a promotional video that was filmed and created by VH1 producers.
It was the band's most successful album at that time, selling three million copies in the US and charting at #20 on the Billboard 200.
Manitowoc Cranes is a division of The Manitowoc Company, Inc in the United States.
She has played Karen Cartwright, one of the lead roles on Smash.
The H2 SUT is considered a pick-up truck for its abilities to haul cargo with an extendable box to reach 6 feet in length.
The album was re-released on June 10, 2003 in a remastered edition with bonus tracks.
She was inducted into the Anak TV Hall of Fame in 2013 for being "worthy of emulation by children".
The second generation 300 was marketed as the Chrysler 300C in the United Kingdom and Ireland and as the Lancia Thema in the remainder of Europe.
They are best known for their hit single "I'm In the Mood for Dancing".
Both were produced by Mitsubishi in its Nagoya Plant in Okazaki, Japan, based on the 2005 Outlander.
Type-S versions of the RSX, CL, and TL were added to the brand's lineup during that decade.
It also reached Number 3 in the UK.
Pre-release reception was positive, owing to a number of well received public demos and trailers.
The following is the discography of the American rock band The Doors.
Along with its rebadged Mercury and Lincoln variants, the Crown Victoria was the final full-frame rear-wheel-drive passenger sedan produced in North America.
Album releases are followed with the release of a karaoke VCD, consisting of the group's music videos for that particular album.
It is known for its Swan range of yachts.
First generation cars were mostly marketed as the Optima, although the Kia Magentis name was used in Europe and Canada when sales began there in 2002.
Its offerings range in price from US$5,000 to US$10,000.
All albums included on this list have their available claimed figures supported by at least 30% in certified copies.
Elias Dummer, Eric Fusilier, Aaron Powell, and Josh Vanderlaan collectively make up The City Harmonic.
This is a list of the 100 best-selling singles in France during the 1990s.
The R-Class was offered in two wheelbases, 2,980 mm and 3,215 mm, the latter being the sole offering in the US.
All albums listed here have sold over 400,000 copies.
The middle and back rows fold flat into the floor to maximise cargo volume.
The Street Raider carries a mooted price tag of $60,000, although there are no current plans to sell it.
As Park grew up as a b-boy and dancer, he has become known for these skills, as well as his charismatic performances and stage presence.
The CR-V also is produced in Wuhan for the Chinese market by the Dongfeng Honda Automobile Company, a joint venture with Dongfeng Motor Corporation.
Currently, she has been listed as one of Malaysia's richest, most-influential, most award-winning, most single-produced artists.
No compilations were released in season 7.
E71 development began in 2003 under Peter Tuennermann, after start of E70 X5 development in 2001.
Heart is the self-titled eighth studio album, released by the American rock band Heart.
It was originally based on the platform of the second generation North American Ford Falcon, a compact car.
The fifth generation began with the 2005 model year, and received a facelift for the 2010 model year.
In the 2000s, with the original line up back together, the band found new popularity after a successful greatest hits reunion tour in 1999.
Alongside the standard Ford Taurus, two variants of this generation are produced: the Ford Taurus SHO and the Ford Police Interceptor Sedan.
Starting season 10, compilation albums are released for sales on iTunes straight after the contestants' performances during the season.
The limited edition includes a bonus CD with selected songs from the same show.
The group also became World Music Awards Winner - French group with the highest 1995 world sales.
After being recognized for her singing on Singer and Trainee, she started acting on the KBS drama series Dream High 2.
The Nolans are an Irish girl group who formed in 1974 as The Nolan Sisters, before changing their name in 1980.
The Dodge Avenger made its North American debut in 1994 as a two-door coupe, which was produced until 2000.
Although sales estimates for Thriller have been as high as 120 million copies, these sales figures are unreliable.
Selling more than 450,000 units per year, SGMW has claimed no one model outsells it in China.
Her debut single, "Jerat Percintaan", won the 11th Anugerah Juara Lagu and another two awards for Best Performance and Best Ballad.
The following lists detail the discography of Southern All Stars.
She signed with Avex Trax in 1995 to release her debut single "Body Feels Exit," the lead single from her best-selling album Sweet 19 Blues.
The Mustang is also credited for inspiring the designs of coupés such as the Toyota Celica and Ford Capri, which were imported to the United States.
His first Japanese album, Beyond the Sea, has achieved a sales of over 300,000 copies.
Absolutely Live was very well received, it charted in the Top 10 in the US and Canada and was certified gold in both countries.
All albums listed here have sold over 400,000 copies.
The format of each season varies, but generally consists of contestants going head to head in a series of challenges until only one rapper remains.
BMW also introduced a separate hatchback model under the 3 Series nameplate called the Gran Turismo.
Marvel Animation operates under the Marvel Television division of Marvel Entertainment, LLC, a subsidiary of The Walt Disney Company.
The second generation Pilot is also marketed in Russia, Ukraine, and in the Dominican Republic.
Yıldız Tilbe is a Turkish pop folk singer of Kurdish-Zaza descent and one of the best-selling musical artists in Turkey, known especially for her eastern-infused ballads.
The company was founded in 1902, and is headquartered in Manitowoc, Wisconsin.
To date, she has garnered more than 200 local and international awards.
The band has occasionally gone into hiatus while individual members work on solo and other projects, and did so again between 2008 and 2013.
Starting with the 2009 model year all Lambda vehicles have GM LLT 3.6-liter gasoline direct injection engine for improved fuel efficiency, horsepower and torque.
The company is headquartered in unincorporated Fairfax County, Virginia, near Herndon.
The figures given do not take into account the resale of used albums.
It is also sold in Guam and Puerto Rico.
The band continues to release compilations through Rhino Records and new live material through both Rhino and their Bright Midnight Archives label.
Christell Jazmín Rodriguez Carrillo is a Chilean child singer.
The Enclave, the GMC Acadia, and Chevrolet Traverse all share the GM Lambda platform.
Production started in Honda's Marysville Auto Plant.
Wide Awake in Dreamland is Pat Benatar's seventh studio album, and her eighth album overall, released in 1988.
Jackson also currently has the highest number of albums on the list with five, while The Beatles and Madonna each have three.
The Volkswagen Chattanooga Assembly Plant was inaugurated on May 24, 2011, and currently builds the US-spec Volkswagen Passat.
These sales figures are therefore neither complete nor definitive.
2 received Platinum status within 3 weeks.
The group formed in Osaka in 1996, releasing their debut album Blue Speaker in 1998.
In 1994, he relocated to New York in the United States of America and began working on upcoming album.
Primarily aimed at the North American market, the Pilot is the largest SUV from Honda and features three-row seating.
However, newer albums, such as 21 and Come Away with Me, are expected to have their claimed figures supported by at least 70% in certified copies.
Between 1979 and 1982, the group had seven UK top 20 hits, including "Gotta Pull Myself Together" "Who's Gonna Rock You", "Attention to Me" and "Chemistry".
Selling almost 200,000 copies, The Sentimental Chord was the best-selling album of 2007 in Korea.
Urban Zakapa is a South Korean R&B singer-songwriter group formed in 2009 by Fluxus Music.
In 1968 Original Confidence was established and began providing music charts to the general public with data collected from various retailers throughout Japan.
2 on the US Billboard 200 and produced the group's most successful single, "Light My Fire".
He made his television debut with a supporting role in soap opera Gimik 2010, before landing the lead role in Growing Up.
Word on tha Streets was released August 12, 2008.
In Japan, the Pajero was sold at a specific retail chain called "Car Plaza".
He is also the former lead singer for the Turkish rock band 6.
3 on the Billboard 200 and was certified platinum in the United States and Canada.
It was released in February 1997 under For Life and SME, two different labels that Inoue and Okuda had contracted with, respectively.
3 on the Billboard 200 and was certified platinum in the United States and Canada.
Although sales estimates for Thriller have been as high as 120 million copies, these sales figures are unreliable.
During Selena's tenth death anniversary her brother's band Kumbia Kings released a remix video of "Baila esta cumbia" in March 2005.
The joint venture is made up of equity from - Volkswagen AG, Volkswagen Invest, SAIC, with a fixed-term venture for 45 years.
To date, the band has sold over 45 million records worldwide and has sold more than 15 million records in the United States alone.
She made her debut after she won a popular local singing competition show Bintang HMI in 1995 when she was only 16.
A girl group is a popular music act featuring several female singers who generally harmonize together.
She was listed second by MTV Asia in Asia's Best Musical Artiste  and Channel V's Biggest Asian Artiste in 2005.
To date, she has garnered more than 200 local and international awards.
Chrysler Group LLC remained a subsidiary until December 15, 2014, when it was renamed FCA US LLC, to reflect the Fiat-Chrysler merger.
Early models include sDrive35i, xDrive35i, xDrive50i, followed by xDrive35d in early 2014, and the xDrive40e, a plug-in hybrid variant in 2015.
Although sales estimates for Thriller have been as high as 120 million copies, these sales figures are unreliable.
Entertainment in 2014, and consists of five members.
They have released five studio albums, one live album, ten singles, six extended plays, nine cassette tapes, four compilation albums and a video album.
Baroness Léonie Cooreman, known under the stage name Annie Cordy, is a Belgian film actress and singer.
The following is a List of Mercedes-Benz vehicles indexed by year of introduction.
Selena had released 22 music videos and 12 video/live albums during her career.
Alongside Mino, he is part of the hip hop duo MOBB, who released the four-track album The Mobb in September 2016.
"Sleeping" peaked to number 60 in Germany and number 69 in Switzerland.
The series also has elements of the earlier beat 'em up games from the 16-bit era.
This is a list of the best-selling albums of the 2000s, based on IFPI certification and Nielsen SoundScan sales tracking.
It shares its turbocharged inline 4 engine with the Mazdaspeed6, and uses a six speed automatic transmission.
Volkswagen Group of America, Inc., is the North American operational headquarters, and subsidiary of the Volkswagen Group of automobile companies of Germany.
The first two generations had a Japanese domestic market equivalent, the Toyota Aristo, which was sold from 1991 until the Lexus marque's domestic debut in 2005.
It traditionally introduces technologies and exterior design themes before they trickle down to other models in BMW's lineup.
The album was recorded at Orzabal's newly built home studio, Neptune's Kitchen, and was co-produced by Orzabal, Griffiths and Tim Palmer.
Apart from being the first and only Australian-made SUV, it was also the first local vehicle to feature an electronic stability control.
The first generation was manufactured between 2006 and 2012 and was replaced in 2012 by the new generation GL-Class.
Ford's former UK subsidiaries Jaguar and Land Rover, acquired in 1989 and 2000 respectively, were sold to Tata Motors in March 2008.
The band gained national recognition with their cabaret and kayōkyoku inspired song "Midnight Dejavu".
This is a list of the 100 best-selling singles in France during the 2000s.
Albums are listed in order of number of copies sold and thereafter by the artist's first name.
The brand was launched in the United States and Canada in March 1986, marketing luxury, performance, and high-performance vehicles.
Infinite is the eighth studio album by power metal band Stratovarius, released on 28 February 2000 through Nuclear Blast and Victor Entertainment.
Nicholas James Fradiani IV is an American singer from Guilford, Connecticut.
Having had some success prior, he reached superstar status almost overnight when in 1987, he performed this song in CCTV's new year gala.
The company also certifies albums and music videos based on unit sales and compiles the country's music chart.
The Pussycat Dolls achieved worldwide success with hit singles "Don't Cha", "Buttons", "Stickwitu", and their first album PCD.
She has recorded three albums since then.
"Save Your Love" also charted, becoming their most famous power ballad at the time, in February 1988.
"No debes jugar" was released in July 1995 by Telemundo and featured live performances of Selena singing the song in their television show Padrisimo.
He sang the winning song when he was declared winner on December 11, 2009.
Albums are listed in order of number of copies sold and thereafter by the artist's first name.
The Peugeot 607 is an executive car produced by the French automaker Peugeot from September 1999 to June 2010.
Such albums have the certifications for the number of copies shipped indicated.
This is the list of 100 best-selling singles, based on the data by Oricon.
In 2000, Kubota released the albums Nothing But Your Love and As One, which both albums charted in the top ten.
The sisters have pursued varying solo careers in acting, music and television presenting.
The GS name stands for Grand Sedan.
Oricon’s rankings of record sales are therefore not completely accurate.
It is the band's last album to be recorded with lead singer Vince Neil until the 1997 album Generation Swine.
At launch, there are the basic models 218d, 220d, 220i, 225d, 228i, and the M235i internationally.
The criteria are that the album must have been published, and the album must have shipped at least 10 million units starting from January 1, 2000.
Currently, she has been listed as one of Malaysia's richest, most-influential, most award-winning, most single-produced artists.
In addition, the band has had two Latin Grammy nominations.
Geronimo began working with television network ABS-CBN in 2004.
With the expiration of the contract, Kim left DSP Media, who managed him as part of SS501 and joined KeyEast in 2010.
The second-generation model, the SC 430, went into production in 2001.
Developed with the Havok game engine, Sonic the Hedgehog was envisioned as a reboot to relaunch the franchise for the seventh generation.
Denise left for a solo career in 1978 and youngest sister Coleen, who had previously made occasional appearances, became a full-time member in 1980, replacing Anne.
As of the 2017 model year, the F-Series includes the F-150, the Super Duty, and F-650 and F-750 Super Duty medium-duty commercial trucks.
This album was released in Europe and Australia as 1987 and as Serpens Albus in Japan.
Also the Honda Stream has a top speed of 127 miles per hour.
Babes in Toyland was an American punk rock band formed in Minneapolis, Minnesota in 1987.
Though the band at the time had reservations about the recording, it is regarded by fans as perhaps their finest hour.
The car was based on the all-new Chevrolet Corvette.
In addition, Kubota has composed and written songs for many singers including Iwasaki Hiromi, Misia, Toshinori Yonekura, Koizumi Kyoko, and many other recording artists.
As part of the discontinuation of the Mercury brand, production of the Mountaineer ended in late 2010.
Mercedes was a brand of DMG started in 1901.
The group consists of mixed race members.
It gained a similar commercial success to its predecessor, though it couldn't reach the top-ten on the chart.
Denise left for a solo career in 1978 and youngest sister Coleen, who had previously made occasional appearances, became a full-time member in 1980, replacing Anne.
One of the earlier and long-serving head teachers was Jean Fisher.
This is the discography of South Korean hip hop group Epik High.
She gained fame in May 2006 as the runner-up on the fifth season of American Idol.
The MKS shares Ford's D3 Automobile platform with the sixth generation Ford Taurus as well as other models and features front-wheel drive with optional all-wheel drive.
Yoshioka has contributed lyrics to a few songs, but Namida ga Kieru Nara is the only song on which the three of them have collaborated.
It has been also the ending theme for Sunday Songbook, a weekly radio program that Yamashita has hosted since 1992.
The first generation of the X5, with the chassis code E53, made its debut in 1999.
A total of five singles were released from the album.
This is a list of the 100 best-selling singles in France during the 2000s.
While the Lexus RX is based on the Toyota Camry mass market sedan, the X5 shares its underpinnings with the BMW 5 Series performance luxury sedan.
Currently, she has been listed as one of Malaysia's richest, most-influential, most award-winning, most single-produced artists.
The album debuted at number two on the US Billboard 200 chart and sold 162,000 copies in its first week.
Amber Josephine Liu, known professionally as Amber, is an American rapper and singer currently active in South Korea.
The Traverse is built on the GM Lambda platform that is also used on the GMC Acadia and on the Buick Enclave.
This passed the previous record of 3.00 million set by the album Distance by Hikaru Utada in Japan in 2001.
The following is the discography of the American rock band The Doors.
Mercedes was a brand of DMG started in 1901.
The word "corona" is Latin for "crown", a reference to an earlier vehicle Toyota offered called the Toyota Crown.
This is a list of the best selling albums by country based on the information and certifications provided by the respective national charts.
Taken together, the Renault–Nissan Alliance would be the world’s fourth largest automaker, however Nissan is the leading Japanese brand in China, Russia and Mexico.
Muriel Bowser served as Ward 4 councilmember until she became the city's mayor on January 2, 2015.
VWoA is responsible for five marques: Audi, Bentley, Bugatti, Lamborghini, and Volkswagen cars.
Manitowoc Cranes produces four brands of cranes: Grove, National Crane, Manitowoc, and Potain and has two service brands, Manitowoc Crane Care and Manitowoc Finance.
As of 2013, Renault holds a 43.4% voting stake in Nissan, while Nissan holds a 15% non-voting stake in Renault.
The SLK is built in Bremen, Germany.
The album featured the single "Had It All", which peaked at No.
The sailboat building division of Tiara Yachts located in Holland, Michigan.
The encyclopaedia grew in size: the second edition was 10 volumes, and by its fourth edition it had expanded to 20 volumes.
In 1933, the Britannica became the first encyclopaedia to adopt "continuous revision", in which the encyclopaedia is continually reprinted, with every article updated on a schedule.
However their reports and charts are only available to industry insiders and are not available to the general public.
He is a board member of the National Rifle Association and a strong supporter of the Republican Party.
From October 2016 onwards, Mitsubishi is one-third owned by Nissan, and thus a part of the Renault-Nissan Alliance.
Park Bom began her musical career in 2006, featuring on singles released by label-mates Big Bang, Lexy and Masta Wu.
The Lexus GS is a mid-size luxury car sold by Lexus, the luxury division of Toyota.
The ZDX debuted at the 2009 New York International Auto Show on April 8, 2009.
The album's title track peaked at number thirty-five on the Gaon Digital Chart, making it their most commercially successful single thus far.
His 1976 Greatest Hits album was certified Diamond and has sold 12 million US copies.
In 2011, the Endeavor again featured a 3.8L V6 but upgraded once more to produce 225 hp and 255 lb·ft of torque.
As of July 2012, Kubota has sold over twelve million records to date.
BGO Records reissued Tropico on CD with Seven the Hard Way.
Based in Milan, Italy, it is the world's largest eyewear company.
The Citroën ZX is a small family car produced by the French manufacturer Citroën between 1991 and 1998.
Per capita GDP of Tamil Nadu was $3,000 in the year 2014–15, the third highest in India.
He has been referred to as emreaydın on his official site to establish a trademark.
The name Tahoe refers to the rugged and scenic area surrounding Lake Tahoe in the western United States.
The following is a List of Mercedes-Benz vehicles indexed by year of introduction.
In 1926 Daimler Motoren Gesellschaft and Benz & Cie. merged forming Daimler-Benz and selling the Mercedes-Benz line of vehicles.
After a four-year hiatus, Kubota released his fifteenth album, Timeless Fly in February 2010.
Dreams Come True is a Japanese new wave/rhythm and blues band formed in 1988, originally consisting of Miwa Yoshida, Masato Nakamura, and Takahiro Nishikawa.
She is best known for the single "I Wish You Loved Me" which was written by Rico Love and produced by Tha Corna Boyz.
While their subgroups are not as commercially successful as the main group, they provide a new degree of critical appraisal.
At the time, Ford sold Mercury vehicles in the United States, Canada, Mexico, Puerto Rico, U.S. Virgin Islands, and the Middle East.
Selling almost 200,000 copies, The Sentimental Chord was the best-selling album of 2007 in Korea.
The group was formed by Korean entertainment company Cube Entertainment in 2012, and consists of seven members.
×∞Multiplies was a mini-album by Yellow Magic Orchestra released in 1980.
It uses Ford's CD3 platform for the first generation and CD4 platform for the second generation.
This list can contain any types of albums, including studio albums, greatest hits, compilations, various artists, soundtracks and remixes.
Sharing technology with Honda and financial investment during the BMW ownership led to a revival of the marque during the 1990s in its core midsize segment.
Dakotas have been used by police and fire departments, as off-road vehicles, patrol trucks, or even brush trucks.
In 2009, Maureen, Linda, Bernie and Coleen Nolan, reformed for a 25-date concert tour of the UK and Ireland, spawning an album and DVD.
"Jody" is a newly recorded version of the lead-off track for his album Melodies released in 1983, which was originally sung in Japanese lyrics.
In calendar year 2014, the brand sold 28.4 million cases, higher than any other spirit brand in the world.
Units sold include physical copies and digital downloads.
In addition, in many countries certification is for shipments of a record to retailers, rather than actual sales.
Masami Mitsuoka is a Japanese pop singer.
In May 2011, the 2,000,000th motorcycle produced by BMW Motorrad was an R1200GS.
4 and 14 respectively on the Finnish singles chart.
In 1994, he relocated to New York in the United States of America and began working on upcoming album.
This single is mainly remembered for a closely fought contest for UK Christmas Number 1.
As of July 2012, Kubota has sold over twelve million records to date.
McPhee has also established an acting career, co-starring in The House Bunny and Shark Night 3D.
Typically, Sonic—usually along with some of his friends, such as Tails, Amy, and Knuckles—must stop Eggman and foil any plans of world domination.
Mitsubishi Motors Australia Limited is a fully owned subsidiary of parent company Mitsubishi Motors Corporation of Japan.
Through its affiliate organisations, Spar operates in most European countries, parts of Africa, Asia and Oceania.
Luxottica Group S.p.A. is an Italian eyewear company.
In 2007, "Why Do You Love Me" was remastered and included on Garbage's greatest hits album Absolute Garbage.
In its first few years of existence, Acura was among the best-selling luxury marques in the US.
They are also the only group to ever have 44 songs on the Oricon Top 100 weekly single chart simultaneously.
Turner stated that, because of this, he was singing in higher keys than he would do normally.
The Citroën C3 Aircross is name designated to two SUVs produced by the French automaker Citroën.
NDFI's reserves stood at $24.4 billion in 2011 and $35 billion in 2012.
Complicating matters further are the changes from 2010 onwards as certifications have become based on a combined figure of sales and streaming, instead of sales alone.
It was first published between 1768 and 1771 in the Scottish capital of Edinburgh, as three volumes.
Neil has worked with XL Recordings, Sony BMG Music Ent., Epic, Sire, Arista, Columbia, Maverick, Virgin, and Island Records to produce a string of No.
", "It's a Mystery", "What Can I Say?"
This list can contain any types of albums, including studio albums, greatest hits, compilations, various artists, soundtracks and remixes.
He is best known as the founder, singer, and songwriter of the heavy metal band Ratt.
However, commercially it was very successful and reached No.
The LP sold in excess of two million copies and reached double platinum status, making it one of the most successful debut albums of all time.
When Via began operation in 1976–1978 it was with a collection of equipment inherited from the Canadian National Railway and Canadian Pacific Railway.
Despite their potential benefits, market penetration of plug-in electric vehicles has been slower than expected as adoption faces several hurdles and limitations.
This is a list of the best selling albums by country based on the information and certifications provided by the respective national charts.
It has produced vehicles into the 21st century
Although it is the successor of the 1 Series Coupé, it is continuing the BMW 02 Coupés as a successor in that segment.
During Selena's tenth death anniversary her brother's band Kumbia Kings released a remix video of "Baila esta cumbia" in March 2005.
She has appeared in 50 films since 1954.
It was unveiled on 5 June 2007, and launched in September 2007.
In 2017, Go will play the role of Eliza Schuyler Hamilton in the West End production of Hamilton.
In 2013, The Telegraph ranked Grand Theft Auto among Britain's most successful exports.
Veteran singer Mohammed Rafi also sang for them in their film Dangal and Kishore Kumar in the film Ilaaka.
The company was established in 1980 and began vehicle manufacturing in that year, having taken over the facilities of Chrysler Australia.
Its rising stature as a scholarly work helped recruit eminent contributors, and the 9th and 11th editions are landmark encyclopaedias for scholarship and literary style.
Unlike the 3 Series and 5 Series sedans, BMW has not produced an M model for the 7 Series.
Chevrolet waited until 1994 to rebadge the redesigned mid-size S-10 Blazer as the Blazer, renaming the full-size Blazer as the Tahoe.
It is the first Indian whisky brand to not use any artificial flavour.
They debuted in 2007 with Cheerful Sensibility.
Kubota has a total of seventeen studio albums and ten compilation albums.
Over the next few years, Fiat gradually acquired the other parties' shares while removing much of the weight of the loans in a short period.
Goldsmith was offended and disgruntled that most of his material was re-recorded and left the band shortly thereafter.
The Doors became one of the most popular rock bands of their era.
It was certified Diamond, selling over 27 million copies.
Compilations for individual contestants were released digitally starting season 6.
According to Guinness World Records, "White Christmas" by Bing Crosby is the best-selling single worldwide, with estimated sales of over 50 million copies.
Nadeem–Shravan are a music director duo in the Bollywood film industry of India.
At the same time, a slightly larger version of the same vehicle powered by a 4A31 1.1 L straight-4, the Mitsubishi Town Box Wide, was discontinued.
It introduced many Mercedes-Benz safety innovations, including the first seatbelt pretensioners.
In May 1996, Kubota released "La La La Love Song."
In 1933, the Britannica became the first encyclopaedia to adopt "continuous revision", in which the encyclopaedia is continually reprinted, with every article updated on a schedule.
The HS 250h represented the first dedicated hybrid vehicle in the Lexus lineup, as well as the first offered with an inline-four gasoline engine.
A five-speed automatic was always standard, as was a full-time four-wheel-drive system with low-range gearing.
Development ended in 2001 after 48 months of development at a total cost €2 billion euros.
In countries where standards exist, they exist in order to prevent accidents, but there have still been some high-profile product recalls after such problems have occurred.
Ford owned the Swedish automaker Volvo from 1999 to 2010.
It was produced by the band and the late Bruce Fairbairn and released on the PolyGram label.
FCA US is one of the "Big Three" American automobile manufacturers.
The Nolans are an Irish girl group who formed in 1974 as The Nolan Sisters, before changing their name in 1980.
The final Mercury automobile, a 2011 Mercury Grand Marquis, rolled off the assembly line on January 4, 2011.
Although sales estimates for Thriller have been as high as 120 million copies, these sales figures are unreliable.
The Mustang has undergone several transformations to its current sixth generation.
Although sales estimates for Thriller have been as high as 120 million copies, these sales figures are unreliable.
It has produced vehicles into the 21st century
This is the discography of South Korean hip hop group Epik High.
Golden Best debuted at the number-six on the Japanese Oricon chart and climbed the top in September 1999.
Honda Z is a two-door hatchback kei car/city car manufactured and marketed by the Honda Motor Company, from 1970 until 1974.
The MKS is powered by a 3.7 L Duratec V6 engine mated to a 6-speed automatic transmission.
In 2010, it was ranked the 22nd best-selling album of the 2000s in the UK.
Her self-titled debut album was released on RCA Records on January 30, 2007, and debuted at number two on the Billboard 200, selling 381,000 copies.
Two singles were released from the album "The Ones You Love" and "Hopelessly".
Prior to the introduction of the Pilot, Honda marketed the compact crossover CR-V, and the Honda Passport, that was a pickup truck-based design.
Three years later, Ferreri returned to compete in the 64th edition of the contest.
The current engine line up differs significantly.
The album took four years to record in total.
Zico is notable for his successful crossover skills in the Korean hip hop scene, maintaining an underground reputation along with mainstream appeal as a Korean idol.
In 1999, Sincer Records re-released the album on CD.
In 2009, she made her debut as a member of 2NE1 as the main vocalist.
They have currently released seven studio albums, three special albums, and two special edition albums.
After the unsuccessful release of the band's debut album in the US, the record label was reluctant to give credit to Dokken for a follow-up.
The Ford Focus is a compact hatchback manufactured by the Ford Motor Company since 1998.
Throughout her career, she has worked with different types of music, ranging from dansband and schlager, via modern pop, to soulful ballads and jazz melodies.
From October 2016 onwards, Mitsubishi is one-third owned by Nissan, and thus a part of the Renault-Nissan Alliance.
Ford owned the Swedish automaker Volvo from 1999 to 2010.
The Outlook had went on sale on May 24, 2006 as a 2007 model.
It was launched in late 2011 as the successor to the E90 3 Series.
Toy safety is the practice of ensuring that toys, especially those made for children, are safe, usually through the application of set safety standards.
This is a list of the world's best-selling albums of recorded music.
Spar, trademarked as SPAR, is a Dutch multinational retail chain and franchise brand with approximately 12,500 stores in 42 countries worldwide.
The group has sold 54 million records worldwide, making them one of the best-selling girl groups of all time.
The xD appeared in Scion showrooms in mid-2007 in the USA and in 2011 for Canada.
In the same year, the group won the Top CF Models award at MTN Awards for their numerous commercials.
The Lincoln Navigator was the first Lincoln to be produced in a factory outside the Wixom Assembly Plant since 1958.
Certified copies are sourced from available online databases of local music industry associations.
US models of X5 arrived in US showrooms in the fourth quarter of 2013.
The Kia Optima is a mid-sized 4-door sedan manufactured by Kia Motors since 2000 and marketed globally through various nameplates.
This album was recorded during the band's "Departure" tour in 1980.
He is the son of country music legend Waylon Jennings.
In 1962, Tokushin music reports was founded and became the leading provider of music sales in Japan.
The Mercedes-Benz E-Class are the respective coupé and convertible versions of the fourth generation Mercedes-Benz E-Class automobile.
Nadeem–Shravan were the most successful music directors of the 1990s until the early 2000s.
The first C-Class sedan was produced on 1 June 1993, and the first of the second generation rolled off the assembly line on 18 July 2000.
This is a list of the 100 best-selling singles in France during the 2000s.
His fifth studio album, Keep It Turned On, was released in December 2001.
This page shows the best-selling Christmas albums in the United States.
This is the list of top fifteen best-selling albums in South Korea.
The final designs were chosen in 1999 and German patents were later filed on December 18, 2000 utilizing an E500 prototype.
She took a part in Mnet's SuperStar K2 and finished in eighth place.
The model remains on sale in Venezuela as of early 2016 having yet to be replaced by FCA Venezuela with the KL model Cherokee.
Monkey Majik have four certified albums by the RIAJ, including the platinum Sora wa Marude.
3 single "Fire and Rain" and had his first No.
All albums listed here have sold over 400,000 copies.
Charts are published every Tuesday in Oricon Style and on Oricon’s official website.
She has appeared in more than 50 films.
The game brought newfound renown to both Yoshi as a character and Miyamoto's artistic and directorial career.
Its principal activity is the production, distribution and sale of BMW passenger cars in mainland China.
The W126 was initially offered with straight-six, V8, and a turbocharged diesel engine for the sedan.
Spar, trademarked as SPAR, is a Dutch multinational retail chain and franchise brand with approximately 12,500 stores in 42 countries worldwide.
The single "Getcha Rocks Off" included the songs "Ride into the Sun" and "Overture".
After season 5, such compilations were released only sporadically.
The introduction of the Mustang created a new class of automobile known as the pony car.
A lower-displacement V6 model, the GS 250, premiered at the Auto Guangzhou Exhibition in November 2011, targeted at Asian and European markets.
This is the best-selling albums of all time in Colombia.
They were introduced in 2004 to replace the Chevrolet S-10/GMC Sonoma compact pickups.
In addition, Kubota has composed and written songs for many singers including Iwasaki Hiromi, Misia, Toshinori Yonekura, Koizumi Kyoko, and many other recording artists.
Rudolf Schenker portrays this character in the "No One Like You" music video.
FAW Haima Automobile Co., Ltd., trading as Haima, is a Chinese automotive manufacturing company based in Haikou, Hainan and a subsidiary of FAW Group.
The album's first single, "Over It", was a Pop Top 30 hit and was certified gold in 2008.
Between 1979 and 1982, the group had seven UK top 20 hits, including "Gotta Pull Myself Together" "Who's Gonna Rock You", "Attention to Me" and "Chemistry".
Azúcar Moreno is a Romani Spanish music duo consisted of sisters Antonia "Toñi" and Encarnación "Encarna" Salazar.
Amy Lee, better known by her stage name Ailee, is a Korean-American singer-songwriter based in South Korea.
Jackson also currently has the highest number of albums on the list with five, while The Beatles and Madonna each have three.
Ford's former UK subsidiaries Jaguar and Land Rover, acquired in 1989 and 2000 respectively, were sold to Tata Motors in March 2008.
The criteria are that the figure must have been published by a reliable source and the album must have sold at least 20 million copies worldwide.
In some markets such as North America, the GS shares the mid-size sedan category in the Lexus lineup with the front-wheel drive ES.
Toshinobu "Toshi" Kubota is a Japanese singer, songwriter, musician, music producer, and radio personality.
The MDX was the first crossover SUV to have third-row seating, and shares a platform with the Honda Pilot.
It was based on the Ford DEW platform.
As a result, Chrysler was sold to Cerberus Capital Management and renamed Chrysler LLC in 2007.
The Z07 caused a sensation at the '97 Tokyo Auto Show.
Courtney Love had a very brief stint in the band in 1987 as a bass player, before being kicked out and forming Hole in 1989.
The E24 was launched in 1976 to replace the 3.0CS & 3.0CSi.
McPhee released her fourth album, Hysteria, on September 18, 2015.
Victoria's Secret is an American designer, manufacturer, and marketer of women's premium lingerie, womenswear, and beauty products.
In 2003, she collaborated with Nena on the song "Anyplace, Anywhere, Anytime", which topped the Dutch charts.
Chrysler struggled through the 1970s to adapt to changing markets, increased US import competition, and safety and environmental regulation.
As of January 2011, this album has sold 23,000 copies.
The criteria are that the figure must have been published by a reliable source and the album must have sold at least 20 million copies worldwide.
Tobias entered the music industry with delivering two compositions for the soundtrack Fontána pre Zuzanu 2, issued via Tommü Records in 1993.
The Pilot is also sold in the Philippines.
Play the Siren was a South Korean co-ed hip-hop group that debuted in 2014 with the single "Dream Drive".
The resultant scandal culminated in Nissan acquiring a controlling interest in MMC the following month.
The discography of Children of Bodom, a five-piece melodic death metal band from Espoo, Finland.
This song has become well-known through a cover version recorded by the Bank Band, a project which Kazutoshi Sakurai and Takeshi Kobayashi launched for a charity.
The album peaked at number three on the Oricon Weekly Albums chart and sold 21,285 copies in its first week of release.
He has also had his music featured in many movies, television shows, and video games.
The song was written by Max Martin, Shellback, Savan Kotecha and Tiffany Amber.
After a four-year hiatus, Kubota released his fifteenth album, Timeless Fly in February 2010.
Chrysler used the General Motors brand diversification and hierarchy strategy he had seen working for Buick.
in Japan, the Japanese television series is directed by Kenichi Imaizumi, and produced and animated by Artland.
One of the original eight teams in the IPL, the team has made three final appearances in the IPL, losing all of them.
The second-generation model premiered in 1997, using a new platform, in-house styling, and adding a V8 version for the first time outside Japan.
It has produced vehicles into the 21st century
The Doors' third studio album Waiting for the Sun, was regarded as an artistic disappointment when compared to their earlier material.
The following is a comprehensive discography of B'z, a Japanese rock band.
Amy Lee, better known by her stage name Ailee, is a Korean-American singer-songwriter based in South Korea.
PsyFive is the fifth album by South Korean singer Psy.
Super Junior has formed five sub-groups, which target different markets.
A lower-displacement V6 model, the GS 250, premiered at the Auto Guangzhou Exhibition in November 2011, targeted at Asian and European markets.
The same car launched in 1991 as the Toyota Aristo in Japan, but the Lexus-badged model did not appear until 1993.
Wallace was noted for his "loose, easy flow", dark semi-autobiographical lyrics and storytelling abilities, sometimes changing his pitch on songs.
This is a list of the world's best-selling albums of recorded music.
The figures given do not take into account the resale of used albums.
Michel Sanchez started his own career as singer on 2005 and Eric Mouquet continued working under "Deep Forest".
This page shows the best-selling Christmas albums in the United States.
Following their disbandment in November 2016, the group has released their final single "Good Bye" in January 21, 2017 as a farewell gift to their fans.
He achieved his first number one album in the US in 2015 with his recording Before This World.
In May 2014, Fiat Chrysler Automobiles, NV was established by merging Fiat S.p.A. into the company.
Such albums have the certifications for the number of copies shipped indicated.
In December 2010, Honda introduced a less expensive base model for the 2011 model year.
Along with its rebadged Mercury and Lincoln variants, the Crown Victoria was the final full-frame rear-wheel-drive passenger sedan produced in North America.
The album was the follow-up to the successful Love at First Sting and had some musical differences when compared to its predecessor.
The song was also used as the theme song of Japanese television drama series Long Vacation.
Theatre Of Pain is the third studio album by the American heavy metal band Mötley Crüe, released on June 21, 1985.
The song served as the first single for the group's debut extended play, 2NE1, released July 8, 2009.
Tynisha Keli Soares, known by her stage name Tynisha Keli, is an American R&B and pop singer-songwriter, who has seen her greatest success in Japan.
However, newer albums, such as 21 and Come Away with Me, are expected to have their claimed figures supported by at least 70% in certified copies.
The encyclopaedia grew in size: the second edition was 10 volumes, and by its fourth edition it had expanded to 20 volumes.
He is currently part of Sony Music Japan.
The market share of all-electric utility vans reached a market share of 1.22% of new vans registered in 2014, and 1.30% in 2015.
The name Yukon refers to the Yukon territory of northern Canada.
Pariisin Kevät is a Finnish Helsinki-based indie-pop, indie-rock and electronic band founded by Arto Tuunela in 2007.
The Toyota Highlander, also known as the Toyota Kluger, is a midsize crossover SUV produced by Toyota.
They made also an appearance in the movie Mr.
The Mercedes-Benz W116 is a series of flagship luxury sedans produced from September 1972 until 1980.
The album's first single, "Over It", was a Pop Top 30 hit and was certified gold in 2008.
On January 1, 2014, Fiat S.p.A announced a deal to purchase the rest of Chrysler from the United Auto Workers retiree health trust.
Ford sees the EcoBoost technology as less costly and more versatile than further-developing or expanding the use of hybrid and diesel engine technologies.
The Volkswagen Chattanooga Assembly Plant was inaugurated on May 24, 2011, and currently builds the US-spec Volkswagen Passat.
The body was designed by Donato Coco.
Units sold include physical copies and digital downloads.
The album itself as of 2005, has been sold to a total of more than 800,000 units in Malaysia alone.
The Britannica is the oldest English-language encyclopaedia still in production.
The following is the discography of the American rock band The Doors.
Starting season 10, compilation albums are released for sales on iTunes straight after the contestants' performances during the season.
This distinctive two-door car was designed for BMC by Sir Alec Issigonis.
She has staged many memorable appearances at Bruno Coquatrix' famous Paris Olympia.
With 2012 sales of $6.12 billion, it is the largest American retailer of women's lingerie.
She has had three number one albums and seven top 10 albums.
Shin Hye-sung, lead vocalist of the Korean boyband Shinhwa has had a solo singing career concurrent with his Shinhwa activities since 2005.
Monkey Majik is a pop rock band formed in 2000 in Sendai, Japan.
VRE is owned by the Northern Virginia Transportation Commission and the Potomac and Rappahannock Transportation Commission.
In addition, Kubota has composed and written songs for many singers including Iwasaki Hiromi, Misia, Toshinori Yonekura, Koizumi Kyoko, and many other recording artists.
He writes all of his own material and has released more than eleven best-selling albums during a career spanning 20 years.
However, newer albums, such as 21 and Come Away with Me, are expected to have their claimed figures supported by at least 70% in certified copies.
The Dakota was nominated for the North American Truck of the Year award for 2000.
The album received several sales certifications including a 4 times multi-platinum from both the Recording Industry Association of America, and from the Canadian Recording Industry Association.
These sales figures are therefore neither complete nor definitive.
During its first twelve months after first available in the Japanese market, the second-generation Insight sold 143,015 units around the world.
Later in 2008, she was named as one of Asia's Idol by Asia News Network.
This is a list of the best-selling albums of the 2000s, based on IFPI certification and Nielsen SoundScan sales tracking.
Such albums have the certifications for the number of copies shipped indicated.
As a response to federal fuel economy standards, the Mark VI was the first model of the Mark series with smaller exterior dimensions than its predecessor.
Kenan Cihan Doğulu is a Turkish pop musician.
The show has grown in popularity since the first season aired in 2012, and it is credited with increasing the Korean public's interest in hip hop.
Apart from being the first and only Australian-made SUV, it was also the first local vehicle to feature an electronic stability control.
It was built at the NedCar factory in the Netherlands and was primarily sold in the European markets.
Representing 51% of Acura Canada's annual new-vehicle sales in its first full year, the EL remained Acura's top seller in Canada from 1997 to 2003.
Cadillac introduced the XLR at the 2003 Detroit Motor Show and began production in the 2004 model year — foreshadowed by the Evoq concept vehicle.
A girl group is a popular music act featuring several female singers who generally harmonize together.
Marvel Animation operates under the Marvel Television division of Marvel Entertainment, LLC, a subsidiary of The Walt Disney Company.
They are also the first group in the world to release their album in a digital disc format.
The album peaked at number one and sold over a half million records worldwide.
The album's first two singles, "The Quiet Things That No One Ever Knows" and "Sic Transit Gloria...
The Mitsubishi Mirage Dingo is a mini MPV built by Mitsubishi Motors from 1998–2003, using a shortened version of the Mirage platform.
Her self-titled debut album was released on RCA Records on January 30, 2007, and debuted at number two on the Billboard 200, selling 381,000 copies.
In December 1996, the album La La La Love Thang was released.
Entries for each day are listed alphabetically by surname.
Michael Jackson's Thriller, estimated to have sold 65 million copies worldwide, is the best-selling album.
The band toured almost every year to sold out stadiums and arenas.
In 1968 Original Confidence was established and began providing music charts to the general public with data collected from various retailers throughout Japan.
The Luxury Brand Status Index 2008 voted the Maybach first place, ahead of Rolls-Royce and Bentley.
She was listed second by MTV Asia in Asia's Best Musical Artiste  and Channel V's Biggest Asian Artiste in 2005.
The Chevrolet Traverse is a full-size crossover SUV built by General Motors.
The Cadillac XLR is a luxury roadster that was marketed by Cadillac, assembled in Bowling Green, Kentucky.
The Insight was launched April 2009 in the UK as the lowest priced hybrid on the market and became the best selling hybrid for the month.
Launched in 2002 for the 2003 model year, the W211 E-Class was another evolution of the previous model.
The Chevrolet Tahoe is a mid-size SUV from General Motors.
Introduced for the 2008 model year as a successor for the first generation Liberty.
Such albums have the certifications for the number of copies shipped indicated.
Her recordings are estimated to have sold more than 30 million units worldwide, which makes her one of the most successful Christian recording artists.
As of 2015, Noah has sold more than 9 million albums in Indonesia only and is recognized as the best selling alternative pop/rock band.
In 2011, her second single, "Going Crazy" featuring Bang Yong-guk, went to become her first number one single on the Gaon Chart as a solo artist.
AOA is a South Korean idol girl group signed under FNC Entertainment.
The Best of Rainbow is the first compilation album from British hard rock group Rainbow, released in 1981.
On introduction in August 1959 the Mini was marketed under the Austin and Morris names, as the Austin Seven and Morris Mini-Minor.
First was the short-lived M45 sedan, a rebadged version of the Japanese-spec Nissan Gloria.
In 1926 Daimler Motoren Gesellschaft and Benz & Cie. merged forming Daimler-Benz and selling the Mercedes-Benz line of vehicles.
The second generation interior has been further differentiated with fewer shared components.
Maximum the Hormone is a Japanese nu metal band from Hachiōji, Tokyo.
The group followed with their first full-length album, The Red, released on September 9, 2015, along with the title track "Dumb Dumb".
Mercedes was a brand of DMG started in 1901.
In 2001, Los Tres Reyes released their duet-version of "No me queda más", Selena was only featured in two scenes of the music video.
Foster & Smith line of products launched in 1993 includes products ranging from company formulated brands of cat and dog food to medications and pet furniture.
All albums included on this list have their available claimed figures supported by at least 30% in certified copies.
According to General Motors, it replaced the Pontiac Torrent which was often sold in the same dealerships prior to GM dropping the Pontiac brand.
The Ford Expedition is a fullsize SUV that is made by Ford Motor Company.
This is the list of top fifteen best-selling albums in South Korea.
GM discontinued the Outlook after the 2010 model year along with the entire Saturn brand.
After a four-year hiatus, Kubota released his fifteenth album, Timeless Fly in February 2010.
The GMC Envoy is a midsize SUV that was produced by General Motors.
Initially, the 5 Series was only available in a sedan body style.
The group also lists panel survey-based popularity ratings for television commercials on its official website.
The Lincoln Navigator is a full-size luxury SUV marketed and sold by the Lincoln brand of Ford Motor Company since the 1998 model year.
The first game encompassed three fictional cities, while subsequent titles tend to emphasise a single setting.
She debuted in 2012 as a member of 15&.
Starship Entertainment announced on Twitter that he will be getting married in May 2016.
To counter the artistic criticism of its last two albums The Doors next released Morrison Hotel.
The best-selling music artists in Japan include Japanese artists with claims of 15 million or more record sales.
The smaller building was mothballed in the early 1980s when school rolls dropped, but it was renovated and reopened around a decade later.
The Infiniti marque is not used in Japan.
However, some Lexus importers use the backronymic name, Grand Sport.
Its Australian administrative headquarters are located in the Adelaide suburb of Tonsley Park, with branch offices in Brisbane, Sydney, Melbourne and Perth.
This page shows the best-selling Christmas albums in the United States.
"You Got the Love" is a 1986 single by Candi Staton.
Under the label, Kubota released his first single, "Shitsui no Downtown" in June 1986, followed by "Time Shower ni Utarete" in December.
British video game developer DMA Design began the series in 1997.
However, the game became stuck in development hell after the team experienced several serious setbacks, resulting in Sega rushing the product for its late 2006 release.
She also received two nominations of FAMAS Award for Best Actress for these films respectively.
Albums are listed in order of number of copies sold and thereafter by the artist's first name.
They have sold over 100,000 tracks on iTunes worldwide.
Acura is the luxury vehicle marque of Japanese automaker Honda.
The album has won a number of awards since its release, including the Grammy Award for Best Pop Vocal Album at the 51st annual ceremony.
In the U.S., some toys must meet national standards, while other toys may not have to meet a defined safety standard.
Its successor, the LX 470, premiered in 1998 and was produced until 2006.
Jung Min-joo, better known by her stage name JOO, is a South Korean singer and actress.
The LX is Lexus' largest and most expensive luxury SUV.
Although sales estimates for Thriller have been as high as 120 million copies, these sales figures are unreliable.
From 1983 to 1988 Dodge marketed a sporty two-door K-car with available turbocharger from 1984 on as "the Magnum".
She gained media attention after pop star Justin Bieber tweeted a link to a video of her singing.
This is a list of the 100 best-selling singles in France during the 1990s.
She sold more than 20 million albums worldwide.
The 2007 RDX, a crossover SUV, featured the first North American use of a turbocharged Honda engine.
Sonic the Hedgehog is a video game franchise created and produced by Sega.
The figures given do not take into account the resale of used albums.
Albums are listed in order of number of copies sold and thereafter by the artist's first name.
The redesigned sedan was introduced for 2007, but the convertible version was not introduced until 2008.
It is the first compact marketed by Buick in the United States since the 1998 Buick Skylark.
Feline and equine products were added in 1988.
On some covers, the clover is easy to spot while its appearance is more subtle on others.
As of 2002, a Denali version of the Yukon XL has also been available as the Yukon XL Denali.
One notable feature was the Dakota's rack and pinion steering, a first for work trucks.
From 1997 to 2009, production was sourced at the Michigan Assembly Plant in Wayne, Michigan.
Destiny Fulfilled is the fifth and final studio album by American R&B trio Destiny's Child.
The Peugeot 207 was a supermini produced by the French automaker Peugeot from 2006 to 2014.
The Buick Terraza is a luxury minivan that was marketed by Buick from 2005 through 2007 model years.
After season 5, such compilations were released only sporadically.
Prior to the 1997 model year, it was known as Pontiac Trans Sport.
In following years, Kubota released three non-album singles "Cymbals", "Ahhhhh!
Of the 20 best selling albums in Colombia, Colombian artists dominate the list with seventeen entries.
MMAL spare parts facilities are located in Adelaide and Sydney.
The "G" is for geländewagen and alludes the long-running G-Wagen.
The Dakota has always been sized above the compact Ford Ranger and Chevrolet S-10, but below the full-sized pickups such as Dodge's own Ram.
This is a list of the 100 best-selling singles in France during the 2000s.
In terms of gas mileage, the Relay is rated at 19 miles per US gallon city, 25 miles per US gallon highway.
They have participated in many other albums and OSTs.
In 1926 Daimler Motoren Gesellschaft and Benz & Cie. merged forming Daimler-Benz and selling the Mercedes-Benz line of vehicles.
The CLS slots above the E-Class and below the S-Class.
"Why Do You Love Me" is a song by alternative rock band Garbage, released as the lead single from their fourth studio album, Bleed Like Me.
In 1926 Daimler Motoren Gesellschaft and Benz & Cie. merged forming Daimler-Benz and selling the Mercedes-Benz line of vehicles.
Her main producer and composer is Kazuhito Kikuchi and she is also known for playing the erhu.
The first single, "Rockferry" had little impact, whilst the second and lead single internationally, "Mercy", was an international hit, topping over twelve music charts.
Gabriela Amaral dos Santos, known by her stage name Gaby Amarantos, is a Brazilian singer and dancer of tecno brega.
A greatest hits compilation was issued in late 2008 and Keep Calm and Carry On was released one year later which became a commercial disappointment.
It is primarily developed by Rockstar North, and published by Rockstar Games.
Signature, also known as McDowell's Signature, is a brand of Indian whisky, manufactured by United Spirits Ltd, a Diageo Group company.
A companion DVD, The Morning View Sessions, was released on May 29, 2002.
It has produced vehicles into the 21st century
They are best known for their hit single "I'm In the Mood for Dancing".
The single was a recycled Stock, Aitken, Waterman song, originally recorded by O'Chi Brown in 1985.
Despite its smaller size, the Seville typically carried the highest price tag among Cadillac's sedan models.
Kubota's musical genre has varied throughout his career including R&B, Go-go, soul, funk, blues, reggae, old skool, psychedelia, jazz, and pop.
Katharine Hope McPhee is an American actress, singer and songwriter.
This is a list of the world's best-selling albums of recorded music.
Kubota's musical genre has varied throughout his career including R&B, Go-go, soul, funk, blues, reggae, old skool, psychedelia, jazz, and pop.
Certified copies are sourced from available online databases of local music industry associations.
Selena had released 22 music videos and 12 video/live albums during her career.
"You Got the Love" is a 1986 single by Candi Staton.
Their album Halo of Blood was released in 2013.
For the fourth studio album The Soft Parade, The Doors chose to incorporate string and brass instruments into a number of their songs.
She has sold more than 7 million units in the country and 1.5 million albums in other Asian countries.
In 2003, they were ranked 58 on a list of the top 100 Japanese pop musicians by HMV Japan.
It has produced vehicles into the 21st century
Manga is a Turkish rock band whose music is mainly a fusion of Anatolian melodies with electronic elements.
It does this by engaging in political, educational, and social activities.
As of April 23, 2008, SG Wannabe's fifth album had 85,000 pre-orders and counting.
Lengthened wheelbase models are available for both as the Suburban for Chevrolet and Yukon XL for GMC.
Jackson also currently has the highest number of albums on the list with five, while The Beatles and Madonna each have three.
VWoA is responsible for five marques: Audi, Bentley, Bugatti, Lamborghini, and Volkswagen cars.
They are the lead group of Hello!
Heart - Greatest Hits: 1985–1995 is a compilation album by the American rock band Heart.
The Mitsubishi Savrin is a minivan produced and sold in Taiwan by Japanese automaker Mitsubishi Motors.
Chevrolet and GMC sold two different-sized SUVs under their Blazer/Jimmy model names through the early 1990s.
A facelifted Dion was launched in Japan in May 2002.
Other major divisions include Mopar, its automotive parts and accessories division, and SRT, its performance automobile division.
It was never available in North America.
The National Development Fund of Iran is Iran's sovereign wealth fund.
Morrison had recorded the poetry in separate sessions in 1969– 70.
Spar, trademarked as SPAR, is a Dutch multinational retail chain and franchise brand with approximately 12,500 stores in 42 countries worldwide.
It is a blend of Indian grain spirits and imported Scotch malts.
It spent eleven consecutive weeks at number one on the New Zealand RIANZ singles chart in 2009.
Lee Ah-jin is a South Korean actress, and model.
To date, she has sold more than 4.9 million in record sales.
In January 1995, he released seventh album, Bumpin' Voyage.
During the entry of Hyundai in 1996, there were only five major automobile manufacturers in India, i.e.
The music is best described as mostly melodic hard rock with progressive undertones.
This is the discography of South Korean boy group BtoB.
Jasmine, is a Japanese singer, songwriter and producer whose real given name is Asumi.
Akiko Shikata is a Japanese singer-songwriter and composer, who is known for writing music for games and anime.
Toshinobu "Toshi" Kubota is a Japanese singer, songwriter, musician, music producer, and radio personality.
Its Australian administrative headquarters are located in the Adelaide suburb of Tonsley Park, with branch offices in Brisbane, Sydney, Melbourne and Perth.
All albums included on this list have their available claimed figures supported by at least 30% in certified copies.
As a solo artist, Loggins experienced a string of soundtrack successes, including an Academy Award nomination for "Footloose" in 1984.
Currently in its third model generation, a fourth-generation Ford Expedition is slated to enter production for the 2018 model year.
In 1997, the Trans Sport added the Montana moniker as part of an available trim package.
The Toyota Crown is a line of full-size luxury sedans by Toyota primarily aimed at the Japanese market and sold in other select Asian markets.
Although S.H.E does not write the majority of their songs, they composed "Sweet Honey".
The Citroën C6 was inspired by the Citroën C6 Lignage concept car with a fastback saloon like styling.
Brand New moved to Interscope Records and released the critically acclaimed The Devil and God Are Raging Inside Me in 2006.
Kubota has pioneered in the sound "Japanese hip hop" and "Japanese soul", an amalgam of funk, pop, R&B and go that has influenced many other musicians.
Evil Pimp is an American recording rap artist from Memphis, Tennessee.
McPhee released her fourth album, Hysteria, on September 18, 2015.
It has sold 45,000 copies as of January 2011.
Making April's first songs were released on a demo titled My First Demo!, in 2005.
As a result, these tables should not be considered definitive lists of the best-selling records by girl groups in each country.
This page shows the best-selling Christmas albums in the United States.
Choa Chu Kang New Town is separated into two portions by the Kranji Expressway.
All albums included on this list have their available claimed figures supported by at least 30% in certified copies.
On 27 February 2009 it was announced that team principal Ross Brawn had led a management buyout of the Brackley team.
Honda was the eighth largest automobile manufacturer in the world behind Toyota, Volkswagen Group, Hyundai Motor Group, General Motors, Ford, Nissan, and FIAT in 2015.
The band's name comes from the Harry Dean Stanton character Travis Henderson from the film Paris, Texas.
The album took four years to record in total.
However, commercially it was very successful and reached No.
When Hyundai Motor Company entered the Indian Automobile Market in 1996 the Hyundai brand was almost unknown throughout India.
In countries where standards exist, they exist in order to prevent accidents, but there have still been some high-profile product recalls after such problems have occurred.
It gave Astley another hit single in the ballad "Cry for Help" which became a Top 10 in both the UK and US.
It also effectively replaced the smaller Ford Fiesta, which was imported from Europe from 1978 to 1980.
Several of her songs have been featured in anime and drama series.
In 2008, the strip brought Tatulli a National Cartoonists Society Newspaper Comic Strip Award.
All albums included on this list have their available claimed figures supported by at least 30% in certified copies.
The name has also been disaffiliated from Mitsubishi as an independent marque in some markets.
ARIA's End of Decade Top 100 Albums Chart are the best selling albums in Australia from 2000 to 2009.
The Doors' third studio album Waiting for the Sun, was regarded as an artistic disappointment when compared to their earlier material.
For the sixth generation, the coupe and convertible models were spun off to create the new BMW 4 Series nameplate.
It peaked at number 8 on the UK Albums Chart and number 19 on the US Billboard 200.
Jyongri is a Japanese pop singer of Korean ancestry currently signed with EMI Music Japan.
Introduced in 1993 as a replacement for the 190 range, the C-Class was the smallest model in the marque's line-up until the A-Class arrived in 1997.
In 2001 the CD was re-mastered, with the rest of the Queensrÿche catalog following in 2003.
Ford introduced the Territory alongside the existing Falcon wagon, which was built on the same Broadmeadows Assembly production line.
This list can contain any types of albums, including studio albums, greatest hits, compilations, various artists, soundtracks and remixes.
She gained fame in May 2006 as the runner-up on the fifth season of American Idol.
A replacement for the Aztek, it was a mildly restyled version of the first-generation Chevrolet Equinox.
The fifth generation began with the 2005 model year, and received a facelift for the 2010 model year.
Alan Dawa Dolma, professionally known as Alan, is a female Tibetan singer active in both Chinese and Japanese music industry.
The band was criticized by many for this, and referred to as "pop sellouts" and having "gone soft".
She saw renewed fame and success as an original judge on American Idol in the 2000s, which she left after the eighth season.
The group consists of Seo Eun-kwang, Lee Min-hyuk, Lee Chang-sub, Im Hyun-sik, Peniel Shin, Jung Il-hoon, and Yook Sung-jae.
Francis "Dink" Trout was an American actor and radio personality.
Certified copies are sourced from available online databases of local music industry associations.
Its success would see the band receive a nomination for the Brit Award for Best British Group in 1988.
The following year, Wallace led his childhood friends to chart success through his protégé group, Junior M.A.F.I.A.
The album contains "Rock You Like a Hurricane", "Still Loving You", and "Big City Nights", three of the band's most famous songs.
It was first unveiled at the 2008 Paris Motor Show as a concept car named "Drooneel", and was designed by Donato Coco and Jean-Pierre Ploué.
Geronimo is pop music's best-selling artist of all time in the Philippines, having sold more than 1 million albums.
It is also the best selling vehicle in Canada.
This is a list of the 100 best-selling singles in France during the 2000s.
It is the successor to the BMW E3 "New Six" sedan and is currently in its sixth generation.
Deriving its name from a style of limousine, "Town Car" translated in French is the term "Sedan de Ville".
The Pilot is sold in North America, while the Honda MDX was marketed in Japan and Australia for several years.
Here is the official SNEP list for the 100 best selling singles in France's history.
The Peugeot 307 is a small family car produced by the French manufacturer Peugeot since 2001, following the Peugeot 306 which ceased production in 2002.
Chrysler struggled through the 1970s to adapt to changing markets, increased US import competition, and safety and environmental regulation.
Mexico is the largest Spanish-language music industry in the world.
Such albums have the certifications for the number of copies shipped indicated.
Grant was becoming more famous in the world of pop with such albums as Unguarded and Lead Me On.
She gained fame in May 2006 as the runner-up on the fifth season of American Idol.
"You Got the Love" is a 1986 single by Candi Staton.
It includes artists from all over the world, but it only includes sales in the United States of America.
Michael Jackson's Thriller, estimated to have sold 65 million copies worldwide, is the best-selling album.
It was nominated for a Grammy Award but did not win.
The album also spawned the top-charted single "Dance If You Want It", which peaked at number three.
He is among the all-time best-selling Japanese music artists, having sold over 16 million records worldwide to date.
The Mitsubishi Pajero iO is a mini sport utility vehicle produced by the Japanese manufacturer Mitsubishi between 1999 and 2007.
He is currently part of Sony Music Japan.
Albums are listed in order of number of copies sold and thereafter by the artist's first name.
He has also been in the bands Firedome, Crystal Pystal, Arcade, Vicious Delite, Vertex.
Her success in the Asian region has gained her honorific titles including "Voice of Asia" and "Asia's Celine Dion".
As a result, there is no definitive standard for measuring sales.
Consequently, the optional AWD system was also dropped, since it could not handle the torque of the 3.9 L engine.
Albums are listed in order of number of copies sold and thereafter by the artist's first name.
Giulietta production started towards the end of 2009 and was introduced at the March 2010 Geneva Motor Show.
His first album to chart in the UK since Free in 1991.
The show has grown in popularity since the first season aired in 2012, and it is credited with increasing the Korean public's interest in hip hop.
The DS 4's styling has been very well received by the international press.
Liō is a daily comic strip created by American artist Mark Tatulli and distributed by the Universal Press Syndicate since May 15, 2006.
The MKS is powered by a 3.7 L Duratec V6 engine mated to a 6-speed automatic transmission.
Duffy worked with several producers and writers on the album, including Bernard Butler, Steve Booker, Jimmy Hogarth and Eg White.
It has ranked as the second-best selling luxury crossover after the Lexus RX, which offers only two rows of seats.
Since July 2009, some assembly operations are also performed in Kaliningrad, Russia by Avtotor.
The Lottery sponsors several races at the Kansas Speedway, including the Kansas Lottery 150 and the Kansas Lottery 300.
Models were the 645Ci and the 630i, while the highest performance model is the BMW M6.
The blues heavy LP was a critical and commercial success.
Four generations of the GS have been produced since 1993, each available with six-cylinder engines and rear-wheel drive.
The criteria are that the figure must have been published by a reliable source and the album must have sold at least 20 million copies worldwide.
Kubota has pioneered in the sound "Japanese hip hop" and "Japanese soul", an amalgam of funk, pop, R&B and go that has influenced many other musicians.
Over 70 years, the size of the Britannica has remained steady, with about 40 million words on half a million topics.
China is the world's leader in the plug-in heavy-duty segment, including electric all-electric buses, and plug-in commercial and sanitation trucks.
This is the discography of the South Korean boy band SG Wannabe.
The CL-Class had more rear legroom than these aforementioned competitors.
has sold more than 3.3 million copies and became the best-selling double album in Japanese history.
The Chevrolet Uplander is a minivan manufactured and marketed by Chevrolet for model years 2005–2009, replacing the Venture.
"Jesus Christ" became their highest charting single in the US, peaking at number 30 on the Alternative Songs chart.
This is the list of the 100 best-selling certified singles in Finland, according to Musiikkituottajat – IFPI Finland.
The figures given do not take into account the resale of used albums.
For 1981, the Lincoln Town Car became a distinct product, taking the place of the previous Continental in the Lincoln model line.
Although sales estimates for Thriller have been as high as 120 million copies, these sales figures are unreliable.
It received a mild restyle for the 2006 model year.
Spar, trademarked as SPAR, is a Dutch multinational retail chain and franchise brand with approximately 12,500 stores in 42 countries worldwide.
This is a list of the 100 best-selling singles in France during the 1990s.
The supporting cast includes George Raft, Pat O'Brien, Joe E. Brown, Joan Shawlee, and Nehemiah Persoff.
The Citroën C6 is an executive car produced by the French car maker Citroën from 2005 to 2012.
In 2008, Ford produced 5.532 million automobiles and employed about 213,000 employees at around 90 plants and facilities worldwide.
Although sales estimates for Thriller have been as high as 120 million copies, these sales figures are unreliable.
The BMW 7 Series is a full-size luxury sedan produced by the German automaker BMW since 1977.
Michael Jackson's Thriller, estimated to have sold 65 million copies worldwide, is the best-selling album.
"Mabel Matiz" reflects his point of view about the world and life.
Lambda vehicles feature easily accessible three-row seating.
This list can contain any types of albums, including studio albums, greatest hits, compilations, various artists, soundtracks and remixes.
These sales figures are therefore neither complete nor definitive.
Kubota's musical genre has varied throughout his career including R&B, Go-go, soul, funk, blues, reggae, old skool, psychedelia, jazz, and pop.
Introduced in 1993 as a replacement for the 190 range, the C-Class was the smallest model in the marque's line-up until the A-Class arrived in 1997.
The 408 is not slated for the Western European market, and not built there.
This is a list of PC games that have sold or shipped at least one million copies.
The Honda Odyssey is a minivan manufactured and marketed by Japanese automaker Honda since 1994, now in its fifth generation.
Michael Jackson's Thriller, estimated to have sold 65 million copies worldwide, is the best-selling album.
This is a list of the best selling albums by country based on the information and certifications provided by the respective national charts.
However, due to low sales, it was discontinued in 2008 and General Motors exited the minivan market.
Katharine Hope McPhee is an American actress, singer and songwriter.
During the financial crisis at the beginning of the 21st century, it was close to bankruptcy, but it has since returned to profitability.
Each member alternates singing lead vocals, often within the same song, with the exception of Ue-chan, who provides backup vocals almost exclusively.
The Evoque is designed to appeal to urban buyers and meet requirements for lower CO2 emissions and fuel economy.
SeeYa was a South Korean girl group originally made up of Kim Yeonji, Lee Bo-ram, and Nam Gyuri.
No compilations were released in season 7.
Smithson was dropped from the record label in 2002.
It was based on the previous generation BMW 5 and 6-series.
Albums are listed in order of number of copies sold and thereafter by the artist's first name.
The reggae remix of the song was released as the next official single.
The Chevrolet Cobalt is a compact car initially introduced by Chevrolet in 2004 for the 2005 model year.
Mercedes was a brand of DMG started in 1901.
Ikimono-gakari is a Japanese pop rock band from Kanagawa Prefecture, Japan.
SG Wannabe have been in the music business ever since debuting in the 2004.
The Lottery sponsors several races at the Kansas Speedway, including the Kansas Lottery 150 and the Kansas Lottery 300.
However, the Torrent had a different front and rear end to distinguish it visually from the Equinox.
In addition to the present lineup, former guitarist Takashi Omori had worked in the band until 2001.
Compilations for individual contestants were released digitally starting season 6.
As of December 2016, the top European markets are the UK and the Netherlands, each country with about 26,000 units registered.
He first gained widespread fame in Korea and parts of Asia with his role as Gu Jun-pyo in Boys Over Flowers in 2009.
Formerly known as the SEC and later S-Coupé, it was spun off into its own, separate name in 1996 and in 1997 for North American markets.
Yıldız Tilbe is a Turkish pop folk singer of Kurdish-Zaza descent and one of the best-selling musical artists in Turkey, known especially for her eastern-infused ballads.
Since then she has released seven albums and multiple singles.
It was another hit for Astley reaching Number 10 on the U.S.
Such albums have the certifications for the number of copies shipped indicated.
The alphanumeric moniker stands for "Multi-Dimensional luxury".
This list includes songs from the band's eight studio albums, one compilation album, one live album, B-sides from twenty-three of thirty-nine singles plus other featured appearances.
Alongside Mino, he is part of the hip hop duo MOBB, who released the four-track album The Mobb in September 2016.
The Nissan GT-R is a 2-door 2+2 high performance vehicle produced by Nissan unveiled in 2007.
On July 20, 2010, Ross released his fourth studio album, Teflon Don, which includes the hit single, "Aston Martin Music", which features Drake and Chrisette Michele.
L'Arc-en-Ciel is a Japanese rock band, founded in Osaka in 1991.
Kubota has pioneered in the sound "Japanese hip hop" and "Japanese soul", an amalgam of funk, pop, R&B and go that has influenced many other musicians.
However, newer albums, such as 21 and Come Away with Me, are expected to have their claimed figures supported by at least 70% in certified copies.
It received a Grammy nomination for Best Rock Performance by a Duo or Group with Vocal.
Their first extended play, Reverie appeared in November 1982.
The Cadillac STS is a mid-sized luxury four-door notchback sedan manufactured and sold by Cadillac from 2004–2013.
The eK Active was discontinued at the time of the second generation's launch.
Kubota has pioneered in the sound "Japanese hip hop" and "Japanese soul", an amalgam of funk, pop, R&B and go that has influenced many other musicians.
The company went public in 1956 but the Ford family, through special Class B shares, still retain 40 percent voting rights.
It was the third model in the premium sub brand DS.
They were supplied with the LY7 3.6-liter V6.
Certified copies are sourced from available online databases of local music industry associations.
Since June 8, 2005, Nissan Motors has received 36,000 eK Wagons annually from Mitsubishi, to be sold within the domestic market as the Nissan Otti.
Namık Uğurlu, or Ankaralı Namık, was a Turkish singer.
After finishing high school in 2012, Oh Hyuk moved to South Korea on his own to pursue music full-time away from his parents' strong opposition.
The Writing's on the Wall is the second studio album by American girl group Destiny's Child, released on July 27, 1999 by Columbia Records.
Chevrolet and GMC sold two different-sized SUVs under their Blazer/Jimmy model names through the early 1990s.
The Territory was sold in New Zealand, with exports to South Africa beginning in 2005 and those to Thailand in 2006.
The Doraville, Georgia assembly plant which produced the Montana closed on September 26, 2008.
The lead single "Love Rain" charted at number three on the Oricon Singles chart.
Though largely identical in exterior and interior design, the GS and the Aristo differed in their engine and transmission combinations as well as equipment packages.
Marvel Animation at incorporation included then ongoing animation efforts by Marvel Studios with Lionsgate and Nickelodeon.
In December 2011, a remix version of "Going Crazy" was performed on MBC's 2011 Gayo Daejaejun!.
Michael Jackson's Thriller, estimated to have sold 65 million copies worldwide, is the best-selling album.
They are also the first group in the world to release their album in a digital disc format.
The word "escalade" refers to a siege warfare tactic of scaling defensive walls or ramparts with the aid of ladders or siege towers.
Over the years Via has supplemented this initial fleet with new orders and with new acquisitions of secondhand equipment from other operators.
After the tour, the band disbanded which made Destiny Fulfilled their last studio album.
After being recognized for her singing on Singer and Trainee, she started acting on the KBS drama series Dream High 2.
Jackson also currently has the highest number of albums on the list with five, while The Beatles and Madonna each have three.
The list is also limited to production road cars that:
He was the runner-up to Markus Fagervall on the third season of Swedish version of Idol 2006.
Park Ji-min, otherwise known as Jimin Park or Jamie Park, is a South Korean singer-songwriter and television presenter.
He is a co-founder of the talent management agency Blossom Entertainment.
She was listed second by MTV Asia in Asia's Best Musical Artiste  and Channel V's Biggest Asian Artiste in 2005.
This is a list of the world's best-selling albums of recorded music.
The sisters have pursued varying solo careers in acting, music and television presenting.
The G30 is based on the same modular platform as the 7 Series.
The Cadillac Seville is a luxury car that was manufactured by Cadillac from 1975 to 2004, as a smaller-sized premium Cadillac.
He represented Turkey at the Eurovision Song Contest 2007 in Helsinki, where he was placed fourth, with 163 points.
This is a list of the best-selling albums of the 2000s, based on IFPI certification and Nielsen SoundScan sales tracking.
In addition to the models below, S2 also built the 6.9 from 1983 to 1986 and the 22 in 1987.
Sowelu's solo discography is spread across two record labels, DefStar Records between 2002 and 2009, and Rhythm Zone from 2010 onwards.
Today's EPA standards reduced the estimates to 49 City/61 Highway/53 Combined.
He is one of the main hosts of musical variety show ASAP on ABS-CBN.
The TSX initially had a restyled interior and different suspension tuning than the European Accord when it was introduced.
Although sales estimates for Thriller have been as high as 120 million copies, these sales figures are unreliable.
In 2001, Smithson released her first studio album for MCA Records called Ultimate High.
The DS3 range was facelifted in 2016, along with the DS4 and DS5, and re-launched without Citroën badges as part of DS Automobiles' separation from Citroën.
This is the list of best-selling artists in South Korea.
Crimes of Passion was reissued and remastered on Capitol Records in 2006.
Subsequent generations diverged to reflect market variations, and Honda built a plant in Lincoln, Alabama, incorporating the ability to manufacture larger models.
Anne returned to the group in 1982, before Linda left in 1983.
However, newer albums, such as 21 and Come Away with Me, are expected to have their claimed figures supported by at least 70% in certified copies.
The Suburban has been produced under the Chevrolet, Holden,Plymouth and GMC marques until the GMC version was rebranded as the GMC Yukon XL.
McPhee has also established an acting career, co-starring in The House Bunny and Shark Night 3D.
This short version title followed the release of the full-length version Gran Turismo 3: A-Spec in 2001 and was eventually followed by Gran Turismo 4.
Mercedes was a brand of DMG started in 1901.
This is the list of the 100 best-selling certified singles in Finland, according to Musiikkituottajat – IFPI Finland.
Foster & Smith line of products launched in 1993 includes products ranging from company formulated brands of cat and dog food to medications and pet furniture.
The album's second single "Promises in the Dark" reached No.
Through its affiliate organisations, Spar operates in most European countries, parts of Africa, Asia and Oceania.
Artist each from Cuba, Dominican Republic and United States complete the list.
This is a list of the 100 best-selling singles in France during the 1990s.
The group followed with their first full-length album, The Red, released on September 9, 2015, along with the title track "Dumb Dumb".
This is the discography of Regine Velasquez, which contains all her albums and singles since 1986.
This composition also received the grand prize, the Best Song award.
The Acura TL is a mid-size luxury car that was manufactured by Acura.
The next engine up was the THP 155, essentially a turbo charged version of the VTi.
For the fourth studio album The Soft Parade, The Doors chose to incorporate string and brass instruments into a number of their songs.
On the junior's building stands the school's distinctive chimney.
Chrysler struggled through the 1970s to adapt to changing markets, increased US import competition, and safety and environmental regulation.
The Scion xA is a five-door subcompact hatchback marketed in the US from 2004-2006 — as an export model of the Japanese Domestic Market Toyota ist.
Gran Turismo has held the title of being the number one seller and highest production Polyphony Digital has ever seen.
Ride on Time is the fifth studio album by Japanese singer-songwriter Tatsuro Yamashita, released in September 1980.
Michael Jackson's Thriller, estimated to have sold 65 million copies worldwide, is the best-selling album.
Denise left for a solo career in 1978 and youngest sister Coleen, who had previously made occasional appearances, became a full-time member in 1980, replacing Anne.
On 20 November 1858, Émile Peugeot applied for the lion trademark.
For 2005, the van was redesigned with a higher, less aerodynamic nose to resemble an SUV.
Choa Chu Kang New Town is separated into two portions by the Kranji Expressway.
Together, the 4007 and C-Crosser were the first Japanese produced cars sold under any French brand.
Follow-up single "Warwick Avenue" was another successful single, whilst "Stepping Stone" and "Rain on Your Parade" did not replicate the earlier success.
Another nationwide study, conducted by the University of Minnesota in 2014, ranked the San Francisco MSA second and San Jose MSA tenth.
The Ford Excursion is a heavy duty, Extended-length sport utility vehicle that was produced by Ford from 1999 to 2005 for the North American market.
The body styles of the sixth generation 3 Series range are:
In March 2015, Crayon Pop released their second mini album FM, for which they used Super Sentai inspired costumes.
BlackBerry is a line of smartphones, tablets, and services originally designed and marketed by Canadian company BlackBerry Limited.
The two cars have relatively different designs, allowing Citroën to grab different sub markets of the supermini class.
The Buick Enclave is a full-size luxury crossover SUV launched in 2007.
She was also a coach in The Voice of the Philippines and The Voice Kids for two seasons from 2013 to 2015.
Sistar was a South Korean girl group formed in 2010 by Starship Entertainment.
h.c. F. Porsche AG, usually shortened to Porsche AG, is a German automobile manufacturer specializing in high-performance sports cars, SUVs and sedans.
The Jaguar XF is an executive/mid-size luxury car and estate produced by British car manufacturer Jaguar.
In the Lincoln model lineup, two crossover SUVs were introduced in the later 2000s: the five-passenger Lincoln MKX and the six/seven-passenger Lincoln MKT.
In a single Shikata song, there may be as many as 200 separate vocal tracks recorded for it.
Bad Animals contained the number one hit single "Alone", while "Who Will You Run To" reached No.
The Peugeot 107 is a city car produced by French automaker Peugeot and launched in June 2005.
Singers Lata Mangeshkar and Asha Bhonsle also sang in few albums for the duo.
The Volkswagen Chattanooga Assembly Plant was inaugurated on May 24, 2011, and currently builds the US-spec Volkswagen Passat.
Jackson also currently has the highest number of albums on the list with five, while The Beatles and Madonna each have three.
His artistic influences include Michael Jackson, Stevie Wonder, Marvin Gaye, Donny Hathaway, and Sly Stone.
It was the third-best-selling single of 2008 in the UK.
Local governments within each commission's geographic area are members of each commission.
Introduced in the 1959 model year in response to the success of the Ford Ranchero pickup, its first run lasted only two years.
In its first few years of existence, Acura was among the best-selling luxury marques in the US.
The first-generation SC debuted as the V8-powered SC 400 in 1991, and the I6-powered SC 300 was added in 1992.
The single became Kubota's first number one hit.
Universal planned to release the film on August 29, 2014, but the studio pulled it from the schedule in favor of As Above, So Below.
Certified copies are sourced from available online databases of local music industry associations.
The XLR ended production after the 2009 model year.
The following year in 1987, Kubota's second studio album, Groovin', debuted at number thirty-three and was certified million.
In 2000, Kubota released the albums Nothing But Your Love and As One, which both albums charted in the top ten.
Main competitors of the CL-Class in the luxury 2+2 coupé segment included the Aston Martin DBS, Bentley Continental GT, BMW M6, and the Ferrari 612.
Main competitors of the CL-Class in the luxury 2+2 coupé segment included the Aston Martin DBS, Bentley Continental GT, BMW M6, and the Ferrari 612.
Their lineup has consisted of Daisuke-han, Nao, Maximum the Ryo-kun, and Ue-chan since 1999.
Mercedes-Benz actually intended for the C207/A207 to be called CLK, but moved over to the E-Class name later on.
She starred in such films as My Bestfriend's Girlfriend, You to Me Are Everything, and Panday 2.
Although sales estimates for Thriller have been as high as 120 million copies, these sales figures are unreliable.
The Chevrolet Tahoe is a mid-size SUV from General Motors.
This is a list of the best-selling hip-hop albums in the United States from 2010 to 2019 based on RIAA certification and Nielsen SoundScan sales tracking.
In addition to these small cars, "Colt" in the Mitsubishi vernacular has been used for unrelated vehicles of various forms as discussed below.
Though largely identical in exterior and interior design, the GS and the Aristo differed in their engine and transmission combinations as well as equipment packages.
Albums are listed in order of number of copies sold and thereafter by the artist's first name.
With the onset of the 1973 oil crisis, Ford was prepared, having already designed the smaller Mustang II for the 1974 model year.
The first generation X3 was designed by BMW in conjunction with Magna Steyr of Graz, Austria—who also manufactured all X3s under contract to BMW.
This is the list of the 100 best-selling certified singles in Finland, according to Musiikkituottajat – IFPI Finland.
The following is a comprehensive discography of Ministry, an influential American industrial metal band.
She has played Karen Cartwright, one of the lead roles on Smash.
They were particularly successful in Japan and won the 1981 Tokyo Music Festival with the song "Sexy Music".
has sold more than 3.3 million copies and became the best-selling double album in Japanese history.
In South Korea, she is currently signed to C9 Entertainment's Wealive.
However, commercially it was very successful and reached No.
Albums are listed in order of number of copies sold and thereafter by the artist's first name.
Manga is a Turkish rock band whose music is mainly a fusion of Anatolian melodies with electronic elements.
The CX-7 was shown publicly for the first time at the 2006 Los Angeles Auto Show in January.
Raina debuted with the group in November 2009 following the release of the group's second single, "Because of You".
On Through the Night is the debut studio album by the English rock band Def Leppard, released on 14 March 1980.
The body styles of the sixth generation 3 Series range are:
Aside from the Wilson sisters, Leese is the longest serving member of Heart.
Ford ended manufacture of the second series Escape in 2012.
This is a list of the 100 best-selling singles in France during the 1990s.
The album, which included the Top 40 hit "Burnin' for You" represented a resurgence of the group's commercial standing after two albums with disappointing sales.
The name tC stands for "touring coupe."
Type-S versions of the RSX, CL, and TL were added to the brand's lineup during that decade.
Lengthened wheelbase models are available for both as the Suburban for Chevrolet and Yukon XL for GMC.
Lee Ji-eun, better known by her stage name IU, is a South Korean singer, songwriter, music producer and actress.
The album received seven Grammy Award nominations and one win in the Best Rap/Sung Collaboration category for "Umbrella" at the 2008 ceremony.
No compilations were released in season 7.
Here is an incomplete list of locomotives and multiple units used by the narrow-gauge railways in Russia.
Royal Stag, also known as Seagram's Royal Stag, is a brand of Indian whisky, owned by Pernod Ricard India, and launched in 1981.
The album charted at number three, selling over 33,000 copies in its first week of release.
The album, like its predecessors, peaked at number one and became certified million.
She has staged many memorable appearances at Bruno Coquatrix' famous Paris Olympia.
Jennifer Lopez is featured in the video as "Selena", though her entire body was covered with charoma key.
This is the discography of South Korean boy group BtoB.
As of January 2011, this album has sold 23,000 copies.
In June 2007 all five members of the Spice Girls reunited to tour.
In July 2004, Go released her self-titled debut album with the singles "Love of My Life" and a remake of "Don't Cry Out Loud".
Formed in 2011 by The Entertainment Pascal, the group attracted attention as they were initially produced by Eric Mun of the boy band Shinhwa.
Michael Jackson's Thriller, estimated to have sold 65 million copies worldwide, is the best-selling album.
