He is especially known for his work in the field of science and technology studies.
Shiraz Naval Minwalla is an Indian theoretical physicist and string theorist.
His 1923 work, Gold placers of California described all economic occurrences of alluvial gold deposits in California that were known at the time.
Latacz studied Classical Philology, Indo-Germanic languages, Ancient History and Archaeology from 1954-1956 at the Martin Luther University of Halle-Wittenberg.
Richard F. H. Polt is a professor of philosophy at Xavier University in Cincinnati, Ohio.
This was an important contribution to what later became Hoare logic.
He died of thyroid cancer in 1929.
Poggendorff is known for his electrostatic motor which is analogous to Wilhelm Holtz's electrostatic machine.
Richard Highton is an American herpetologist, an expert on the biological classification of woodland salamanders.
In 1975, he was awarded the Louisa Gross Horwitz Prize from Columbia University together with Bengt I. Samuelsson.
In 1754, Charles Bonnet reported that leaves that were plunged in aerated water produced bubbles of gas, but he did not identify the gas.
In 1959 he became a professor at the University of Gothenburg.
He was knighted in England in 1945 for his achievements in physics.
Ogle's research work was largely in the fields of optics and human binocular vision.
Grojnowski was the first recipient of the Fröhlich Prize of the London Mathematical Society in 2004 for his work in representation theory and algebraic geometry.
Her research group has an international reputation for work on insulin secretion, type II diabetes and neonatal diabetes.
She and her husband, Maurice Goldhaber, spent most of their post-war careers at Brookhaven National Laboratory.
In the later part of his life he also toured both the Soviet Union and Iran as a promoter of higher education.
For several years, he was member of the Georgian Parliament.
In 2005 he became the 11th awardee of the J.W.
Cleve Barry Moler is an American mathematician and computer programmer specializing in numerical analysis.
They dubbed this monstrous moonshine and made some conjectures later proved by Richard Borcherds.
He quickly began selling his newly devised manufacturing equipment alongside his commercial products.
Venkat Rangan has been the recipient of President of India’s gold medal from Indian Institute of Technology Madras in 1984.
He devoted his career to the archaeology of London and the prehistory of Wales.
Freeman John Dyson FRS is an English-born American theoretical physicist and mathematician, known for his work in quantum electrodynamics, solid-state physics, astronomy and nuclear engineering.
                  
In 1936, while he was a child, Mandelbrot's family migrated to France.
The aluminum-containing mineral boehmite was named after him.
His only known PhD student was Thoralf Skolem.
His widow Betty died in 2003, aged 77.
He and his student R. M. Wilson together solved Kirkman's schoolgirl problem in 1968.
He is an advisor to the World Health Organization on child mortality.
He published a number of studies on garlic oil, piperine, quinine and coniine in Liebig’s Annalen der Chemie.
In his thesis he described degeneration of the substantia nigra associated with paralysis agitans.
Mark Cocker is a British author and naturalist.
Alexis Claude Clairaut was a French mathematician, astronomer, and geophysicist.
Johann Gaspar Spurzheim was a German physician who became one of the chief proponents of phrenology, which was developed c. 1800 by Franz Joseph Gall.
She is also the founder and director of the Nucleic Acid Database, and leads the Protein Structure Initiative Structural Genomics Knowledgebase.
He chaired the David Richardson Medal Committee of the Optical Society of America from 1972 to 1975.
In 1839 the Molloy family moved to the Vasse district.
as is his farm in the genus Mosdenia Stent.
She stepped down as dean on August 14, 2011 and took a year’s sabbatical before resuming her faculty responsibilities.
Gaspard-Gustave de Coriolis was a French mathematician, mechanical engineer and scientist.
It took him 19 years to perfect the design of this new machine so it could be manufactured effectively.
Climate scientists such as Gavin Schmidt of the Goddard Institute for Space Studies have strongly refuted Soon's arguments, and the Smithsonian does not support his conclusions.
This invention revolutionized light microscope design and is widely used in traditional as well as modern digital imaging techniques today.
"Tratato" or "Higgayon," from the "Tractatus Summularum," a treatise on logic, by Pierre d'Espagne.
Stephen Juan is an Australian-U.S. scientist, educator, journalist, author, and media personality.
He was a postdoc with Herbert Broida at the University of California, Santa Barbara.
She was interviewed about the Internet and its social implications on CNNfn's The Flip Side on April 29, 2004.
An outspoken and controversial professor, Deming was involved in two major disputes with the OU administration, one leading to a lawsuit.
After a year at Liverpool University, he joined GCHQ, and worked there until 1982.
Peter Charles Doherty, AC, FRS, FMedSci is an Australian veterinary surgeon and researcher in the field of medicine.
He was tried at the Doctors' Trial in 1947 on charges of practicing euthanasia and conducting experiments on humans.
He has written over 300 peer-reviewed papers and editorials as well as contributing to numerous books.
Jacob Theodore "Jack" Schwartz was an American mathematician, computer scientist, and professor of computer science at the New York University Courant Institute of Mathematical Sciences.
Sagan published more than 600 scientific papers and articles and was author, co-author or editor of more than 20 books.
He established the concept of cell-mediated immunity, while Ehrlich established the concept of humoral immunity.
From 1964 until 2002, he was at the Institute of Mathematics of the National Academy of Sciences of Ukraine.
Prof. Leo Sachs moved to England with his family in 1933 following Hitler's rise to power.
He was also responsible for protecting grape vineyards from downy mildew fungus.
Hines also, controversially, authored papers expressing scepticism about the existence of the G-Spot.
He is the Bill and Gayle Cook Professor of Biology and Director of the Rice Institute for Biomedical Research at Northwestern University.
The Metzler paradox as well as Metzler matrices bear his name.
He was one of the first persons to demonstrate the illusion of a moving image.
D'Alembert's formula for obtaining solutions to the wave equation is named after him.
Stephen Erin Dinehart IV is a game designer, writer, and teacher, best known for his work in video games.
In 1861, he was elected a foreign member of the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences.
Wood is a physicist best known for his work on developing sonar in the UK from the First World War until after the Second World War.
At such a high precision, it became possible to search for possible changes in the fundamental physical constants of the universe over time.
Until recently, he was a Google Fellow and a vice president in research at Google.
His first great publication was a study of parasitic worms, the "Enterozoorum Sive Vermium Intestinalium Historia Naturalis".
It was during his service that he made the groundbreaking medical discovery.
He authored or co-authored over 100 scholarly papers on a variety of disorders.
Bassi contributed immensely to the field of science while also helping to spread the field of Newtonianism through Italy.
In 1890 the landscape architect Frederick Law Olmsted hired him to oversee the nursery at Biltmore Estate in Asheville, North Carolina on a temporary basis.
The Guardian recognized Thrun as one of 20 "fighters for internet freedom".
In 1940, as part of the Tizard Mission, he shared British technology with his counterparts in the United States.
Thomas Bartholin came from a family that has become famous for its pioneering scientists, twelve of whom became professors at the University of Copenhagen.
The artificial preparation of minerals, especially of apatite and isorhor-phous minerals and of crystalline oxides, was another subject in which he made many experiments.
The system should be easy, neither requiring knowledge of a long list of rules nor involving mental strain
He is best known for the invention of intersection homology with Mark Goresky, whose thesis he directed at Brown University.
In 2009 he became a fellow of the Society for Industrial and Applied Mathematics.
In 1982-1983 he was the president of the scientific committee of the Brazilian Society of Animal Science.
For his work on dopamine, Carlsson was awarded the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 2000, along with co-recipients Eric Kandel and Paul Greengard.
Spock also won an Olympic gold medal in rowing in 1924 while attending Yale University.
He also works to counter faulty scientific reasoning, as seen with his involvement in criticising the critical positivity ratio concept in positive psychology.
He graduated in 1906 and obtained his Ph.D. in 1914.
Rankin's father, the Revd Oliver Shaw Rankin, was a minister who later became Professor of Old Testament Language, Literature and Theology in the University of Edinburgh.
In 1925, he was appointed professor at the University of Jena, where he also served as rector.
During his Argentinian years his group discovered 20 new nuclides.
He is author of Why People Die by Suicide and Myths about Suicide, and the current editor-in-chief of Suicide and Life Threatening Behavior.
In addition, he has joined many international conferences as a chairman, organizer and advisory board member.
He is a scion of the Chernobyl, Chabad, Sanz and Bobov Hasidic dynasties.
The principal creative responsibility for a number of the churches is now more commonly attributed to others in his office, especially Nicholas Hawksmoor.
His recent publications, in the field of epistemology, have defended a version of rationalism.
During his life he published 232 articles on arthropods and was the author of Recherches anatomiques sur les Carabiques et sur plusieurs autres Coléoptères.
He also pioneered the development of mathematical analysis for the interpretation of kinetic data.
He described about 1800 new species and subspecies from all over the world.
Olsen, C. Experiments with different quantities of iron salts given to maize in water culture.
Von Hagen serves on several professional association boards.
He worked on molecular beam resonance studies under I. I. Rabi, then discovered the electron anomalous magnet moment.
Between 1854 and 1864 he discovered six new comets, including the spectacular Comet Donati, found in 1858.
His main works were in the areas of geometry and complex analysis.
Politically and personally tied to the Whig party, Newton served two brief terms as Member of Parliament for the University of Cambridge, in 1689–90 and 1701–02.
Many years after his death, it was revealed that Podolsky was a Soviet spy who shared classified scientific information with the USSR.
Patrick Parfrey, OC is a Canadian physician, specialized as nephrologist and epidemiologist.
His primary interest is in systems and functional biology, particularly work that pertains to disease and development.
In life, he was normally referred to as Harry Reginald Hall.
He obtained his Master of Science from the University of Leningrad and remained there to pursue graduate studies.
Gabriel Georgiades is a Professor of Aerospace Engineering in the Department of Aerospace Engineering at California State Polytechnic University, Pomona.
Theda Skocpol is an American sociologist and political scientist, who is currently the Victor S. Thomas Professor of Government and Sociology at Harvard University.
He was in the process of converting an unused sludge plant in Trenton, NJ to process organic waste for fuel before he died.
He was a recipient of the IEEE Edison Medal and AIEE Lamme Medal.
Daniel Merton Wegner was an American social psychologist.
He is a vehement critic of the concept of the Technological Singularity.
He was born in Grüssow, Mecklenburg, Germany and died in Breslau, Germany.
In 1859 he was appointed director of Kew Observatory.
Hsiao-Lan Kuo was a Chinese-American mathematician, meteorologist.
Gilles Personne de Roberval, French mathematician, was born at Roberval near Beauvais, France.
He died in Reno, Nevada, aged 94.
Kimball was rewarded for his work with a Guggenheim Fellowship in 1966.
Stark was elected to the American Academy of Arts and Sciences in 1983 and to the United States National Academy of Sciences in 2007.
He was awarded the Anders Retzius Medal from the Swedish Society for Anthropology and Geography in 2012.
              
Paul Michael Romer is an American economist and pioneer of endogenous growth theory.
In 1973 Bass founded the Institute of Nautical Archaeology.
He now communicates using a single cheek muscle attached to a speech-generating device.
Elliott Coues was an American army surgeon, historian, ornithologist and author.
Bergius was born near Breslau, within the German Empire's Prussian Province of Silesia.
He was a student of Dmitry Grave, a famous Ukrainian and Russian mathematician.
Porter’s primary contributions to the field of psychology were in the areas of non-directive approaches, relationship awareness theory and psychometric tests.
He is best known as a synthesizer of geology rather than as an original researcher.
Thomas Wharton was an English physician and anatomist best known for his descriptions of the submandibular duct and Wharton's jelly of the umbilical cord.
Justus Mühlenpfordt was a German nuclear physicist.
Daniel A. Foss was an American-Canadian sociologist.
He was managing editor of the mathematical journal Mathematical Proceedings of the Cambridge Philosophical Society for the period 2006-2011.
He was called "the founding father of modern physics research in Japan".
In 1939, he received the American Mathematical Society's Cole Prize in Algebra for his work on Riemann matrices.
Otto Wallach was a German chemist and recipient of the 1910 Nobel Prize in Chemistry for his work on alicyclic compounds.
He went to work for ICI Pharmaceuticals in 1958 and, while there, developed propranolol, a beta blocker used for the treatment of heart disease.
She attended the University of Vermont, receiving a Bachelor of Arts degree in philosophy in 1974 and an M.Ed.
She finished her Ph.D. in 1974, from Rice University, under the supervision of William Jaco.
These abilities are critical for creative and flexible problem-solving, meeting unanticipated challenges, self-control, reasoning, and the discipline to persevere) and success in all life’s aspects.
Gambini is a recipient of the 2003 TWAS Prize.
Jacob Bernoulli was one of the many prominent mathematicians in the Bernoulli family.
He was born to a Polish-Jewish family; their town, Kremenets, changed hands from the Russian Empire to Poland when Kac was a child.
Vladimir Igorevich Arnold was a Soviet and Russian mathematician.
During the opposition of Mars in 1926 he photographed the planet in different colors, using the Mount Wilson 60-inch telescope.
In 2000 he joined Jürgen Schmidhuber's group at the Istituto Dalle Molle di Studi sull'Intelligenza Artificiale in Manno, Switzerland.
He published two papers under the pseudonym Maurizio Boyarsky.
His last name is the "N" in the BNF notation, used in the description of the syntax for most programming languages.
In 1922, Franklin gave the first proof that all planar graphs with at most 25 vertices can be four-colored.
In 1880 he adopted the Pitt Rivers name on inheriting from Lord Rivers an estate of more than 32,000 acres in Cranborne Chase.
In her books she departed from psychoanalysis, charging it with being similar to the poisonous pedagogies.
He was denied permission to publish his translation, entitled Della Natura delle Cose, but it circulated widely in manuscript form before its first printing in 1717.
His approach is based on the revenue ranking theorem of Milgrom and Weber.
Carl Friedrich Freiherr von Weizsäcker was a German physicist and philosopher.
For this reason, he was not permitted to enter Greece for 40 years.
His empirical findings challenge the assumption of human rationality prevailing in modern economic theory.
Albert Einstein kept a picture of Faraday on his study wall, alongside pictures of Isaac Newton and James Clerk Maxwell.
He was born in Ipswich, the son of Walter and Violet Woods, and educated at Northgate School, Ipswich.
He has developed a semiotic theory of mathematics and education.
Gerd Binnig is a German physicist, who won the Nobel Prize in Physics in 1986 for the invention of the scanning tunneling microscope.
A professor at the University of Bergen from 1973 to 2000, he specialized in the late medieval history of Norway.
Arthur A. Dole is an emeritus professor of education at the University of Pennsylvania.
M. Stanley Whittingham is an English chemist.
In 2011 List was elected to the American Academy of Arts and Sciences.
He taught geography at Yale and from 1917 was a research associate there, devoting his time chiefly to climatic and anthropogeographic studies.
His book Extinct Fauna of Dakota and Nebraska contained many species not previously described and many previously unknown on the North American continent.
He previously held positions at Los Alamos National Laboratory and Idaho State University.
Bartley founded Grand Central Rocket Company in Redlands, California in 1952.
In 1821 he received his medical doctorate from the University of Berlin, and became Prosector at the university in 1823.
His predecessor was Victor D. Norman and he was succeeded by Jan Haaland.
Currently, El-Baz is Research Professor and Director of the Center for Remote Sensing at Boston University in Boston, Massachusetts.
When he suffered a stroke in 1927, the family returned to San Diego.
A research center of the ERCOFTAC in Lyon is named after him.
In addition to his studies of microscopic life, he did extensive research of invertebrate groups that included echinoderms, helminths and cnidarians.
Henri Ernest Baillon was a French botanist and physician.
Cato Maximilian Guldberg was a Norwegian mathematician and chemist.
He named many plants, particularly from Oceania.
Wendell Meredith Stanley was an American biochemist, virologist and Nobel laureate.
Thor Heyerdahl was a Norwegian adventurer and ethnographer with a background in zoology, botany, and geography.
He was the doctoral advisor of Georg Gottlob Richter.
In 1978, he was made an Officer of the Order of Canada and promoted to Companion in 1985.
Pearl was a prolific writer of academic books, papers and articles, as well as a committed populariser and communicator of science.
He was awarded the Sabin Gold Medal for his pioneering work on the vaccine.
He has the following species named in his honor:
For the accelerator physicist and founding director of Fermilab, see Robert R. Wilson.
In 2008, Heyde died of metastatic melanoma.
She conducted post-doctoral research in Neuropsychiatric Genetics at the Broad Institute in Cambridge, Massachusetts and the Miami Project to Cure Paralysis in Miami, Florida.
For his master's thesis, Bush invented and patented a "profile tracer", a mapping device for assisting surveyors.
Prepare in the Fall and Winter for growth in the Spring.
He had over 600 publications including one book, and had mentored over 200 students during his career.
Later, administration offered this teaching job to someone else after he refused to convert from Judaism to acquire the position, which ended his academic career.
Among his inventions are the Petzval portrait lens and opera glasses, both still in common use today.
Mary Gertrude Enig was a nutritionist and researcher known for her unconventional positions on the role saturated fats play in diet and health.
Beagle, which won praise from the New York Review of Books and The New York Times Book Review.
He won the Fields Medal and was a MacArthur Fellow.
Heinrich Gustav Adolf Engler was a German botanist.
In the meantime, he worked at the National Institute of Biology in Ljubljana, where he served as a director between 1976 and 1979.
Jacob Palis, Jr. is a Brazilian mathematician and professor.
Champollion, a liberal and progressive minded man, lived in a period of political turmoil in France which continuously threatened to disrupt his research in various ways.
The crater Riedel on the Moon was co-named for him and the German rocket pioneer Klaus Riedel.
In 1802 he named the plant Gillenia trifoliata in a supplement to a local flora of the city of Marburg.
His father was Jean Barré de Saint-Venant,, a colonial officer of the Isle of Saint-Domingue.
This is used widely worldwide and available as a standard package in Linux distributions as well as for Microsoft Windows/OS X.
PARC assembled a first-rate collection of research talent, especially in the area of computer science.
His most influential work was Aether and Matter, a theoretical physics book published in 1900.
Fazlul Halim Chowdhury was a fellow of the Bangladesh Academy of Sciences and one of the longest-serving Vice-Chancellors of the University of Dhaka.
Berry also had an interest in horticulture, where he concentrated on the hybridization of irises and daffodils.
An on-line biography is maintained by the Association of University Cardiologists.
He is best known for breaking Netscape's implementation of SSL, and for his role as chief scientist of Radialpoint, a Canadian software company.
Manfred Donike was a German cyclist and chemist, known for his research on doping.
More recently, he has written about cryptocurrency.
In the early 20th century, relay circuits began to be more widely used in automatics, defense of electric and communications systems.
In addition to his work on the sense of smell, he also conducted research on the human heart.
He also drank a limited amount of seawater for a long period on his trip.
After graduating in 1883, he moved to Breslau and studied under Ferdinand Roemer until 1885.
The father of four children, he worked closely for the last 19 years of his life with his partner, Shirley R. Steinberg.
Howell attended Rutgers University, College of the City of New York, and the Stevens Institute of Technology.
He remained one of Franklin's closest friends during her brief lifetime.
He became a member of the French Academy of Sciences in 1723.
He is responsible for the Landé g-factor and an explanation of the Zeeman Effect.
She is a proponent of the multiverse hypothesis, which holds that our universe is one of many.
Theodor Meron is the current President of the International Residual Mechanism for Criminal Tribunals.
Benjamin Peirce was an American mathematician who taught at Harvard University for approximately 50 years.
Reiner Protsch, born 14 January 1939 in Berlin, is a German anthropologist who published allegedly erroneous carbon dating data of human fossils.
He has pioneered so-called "management flight simulators" used for learning to manage the complexity of corporate and economic systems.
        1
It is particularly known for mosaicing, colour and parallel processing/performance.
He is the principal investigator of the New Horizons mission to Pluto and the Chief Scientist at Moon Express.
He died on a research trip to the Antarctic attempting to retrieve equipment in a crevice.
        >
He served as an assistant treasurer at Columbia University beginning in 1941 and on March 13, 1949 was elected Treasurer by the Board of Trustees.
He is member of the French Academy of Sciences and since 1985 has held an endowed chair at the University of Houston.
Ian J. Deary FBA, FRSE, FMedSci, is a Scottish psychologist known for work in the fields of intelligence, cognitive ageing, cognitive epidemiology, and personality.
He has been called the father of soil physics in the United States.
Yamazaki is most notable for his extensive work with the major histocompatibility complex.
Dame Susan Jocelyn Bell Burnell DBE FRS FRSE FRAS is a Northern Irish astrophysicist.
Brendan McConville is an author and professor of history at Boston University.
Clark is a charter recipient of the IEEE Computer Society Computer Pioneer Award for "First Personal Computer".
“Let the Wall Come Down” has been sold more than 300,000 copies within a short period of seven years.
He was a Rockefeller fellow at Cambridge University and a member of the Polish Academy of Sciences.
                i
He was known for his contributions to topology—notably the Mayer–Vietoris sequence—and other fields of mathematics, his interest in mathematical history and for being a keen alpinist.
Robert Mearns Yerkes was an American psychologist, ethologist, eugenicist and primatologist best known for his work in intelligence testing and in the field of comparative psychology.
In May 2003 she was promoted from interim dean to the new dean of the college.
              
Rao is the first director of the CR Rao Advanced Institute of Mathematics, Statistics and Computer Science.
They worked as teachers, a lawyer, and business people.
He publicly accused him of wrong identifications of plants collected during the expedition.
                +
In 1870 he graduated with the dissertation Das Inulin.
He is best known for his work on protein secretion, membrane biogenesis, and signal transduction.
Franz Ernst Neumann was a German mineralogist, physicist and mathematician.
In 2007, McCarley was ranked as the ninth most cited author in the field of schizophrenia research over the past decade.
1995 TECO Technology Award of the TECO Technology Foundation, 1995.
This large, brown-skinned, white-fleshed potato has become the world's predominant potato in food processing.
This important work also motivated a holistic perception of the universe as one interacting entity.
His research focuses on international trade, in particular on the relationship between economic growth and trade and the political economy of trade policy.
Don Walsh is an American oceanographer, explorer and marine policy specialist.
Princess Louise de Merode is a Kenyan paleontologist and anthropologist.
Fano also helped to create MIT's original computer science curriculum.
From 1994 till retirement in 1996 he served as advisor in the same laboratory.
in Biology from Montana State University, and a M.Sc.
He was born into the prominent Huxley family.
For this innovation, he was inducted to the National Inventors Hall of Fame and received the R. W. Wood Prize from the Optical Society of America.
In the late 1940s, the Carrs lived in Honduras, where Archie taught at the Escuela Agrícola Panamericana Zamorano and conducted research on sea turtle migration.
He is known for his work in particle physics and for his involvement with SETI.
Gerald James Michael Gazdar is a linguist and computer scientist.
After the war, Bohr called for international cooperation on nuclear energy.
In botany, he specialised in the Coniferae, in particular the Pacific rim conifer species.
Gilson has applied legitimacy theory and disjuncture theory to the analysis and enactment of health policy and practices related to access and to illness prevention.
From 1956 to 1976, Watson was on the faculty of the Harvard University Biology Department, promoting research in molecular biology.
Beachell has received many international awards, including the 1987 Japan Prize and 1996 World Food Prize.
In 2006 she was elected to the PEN American Center and in 2007 she was elected to the American Academy of Arts & Sciences.
The analysis of the heart's activity as a pump, which is known as the Frank–Starling law.
She has chaired and published papers in top-tier academic conferences in these fields.
He was awarded the British CBE, and the French Legion of Honour and Order of Merit.
Cravatt also received an NCI MERIT grant in 2009.
Bashiriyeh has been described as "Father of political sociology in Iran", and was a prominent academic figure influencing Iranian reform movement.
          
His thesis title was "Induced Boson Selfcouplings In Four Fermion And Yukawa Theories".
Georg Elias Müller was a significant early German experimental psychologist who is credited with the theory of retroactive interference.
Frits Zernike was a Dutch physicist and winner of the Nobel Prize for physics in 1953 for his invention of the phase-contrast microscope.
1983 Fellow of the Royal Society of Canada.
Brewer received his BS from the California Institute of Technology in 1940 and his PhD from the University of California, Berkeley, in 1942.
He was a full member of the Russian Academy of Sciences and a laureate of the USSR State Prize.
After his Los Alamos stint, Weissman went to the Washington University in St. Louis in 1946 becoming a full professor in 1955.
In addition to his mathematical work, Burnside was a noted rower.
In 1898 with zoologist Fritz Römer, he participated on a scientific trip to Svalbard.
They have a daughter Lena T. Afary and a granddaughter Leila Afary Lucas.
She worked for the United States Geological Survey and NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory.
He's known for being the first doctor to incorporate pre- and post-operative photographs into his publications.
Srinivasan Keshav is Professor and Cisco Chair in the Cheriton School of Computer Science at the University of Waterloo.
From 1962 until her retirement, she was Professor of Psychology at the University of Cincinnati and Professor of Psychology at the University of Maine.
Cretien van Campen is a Dutch author, editor and scientific researcher in social science and fine arts.
While serving as a research scientist at Merck & Co., Inc., synthesized cortisone.
Daniel Thomas Gillespie is a physicist who is best known for his derivation in 1976 of the stochastic simulation algorithm, also called the Gillespie algorithm.
He was elected a Fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences in 1958.
He served as an attorney to the late John G. Schwegmann, a pioneer in the development of the modern supermarket.
Tullis Onstott is a professor of geosciences at Princeton University who has done research into endolithic life deep under the Earth's surface.
Besides his scientific talents, he was an accomplished musician, revealing his sense of humor by walking the corridors of the National Science Foundation playing his bagpipes.
McKenzie is critical of claims that quantum effects are significant in understanding the function of biomolecules.
Vladimir Nicolayevich Beneshevich was a scholar of Byzantine history and canon law, and a philologer and paleographer of the manuscripts in that sphere.
Koller introduced cocaine as a local anaesthetic for eye surgery.
These books were the first widely published descriptions of the Chaîne des Puys, a chain of over 70 small volcanoes in the Massif Central.
Cowling became an Assistant Lecturer at Swansea in 1933.
Burnet and Medawar received the Nobel Prize for this work in 1960.
After having attended a Jesuit school, he became a mathematician, a hydraulic and civil engineer, and was an eminently respected astronomer in his day.
Gordon Arthur Riley was an American biological oceanographer most associated with his studies of the dynamics of plankton ecosystems.
        n
In 1912, Sabatier was awarded the Nobel Prize in Chemistry along with Victor Grignard.
Johann Borenstein is an Israeli roboticist and Professor at the University of Michigan.
Cheeger is professor at the Courant Institute of Mathematical Sciences at New York University in New York City.
According to the NRK, Saugstad is "the most internationally recognized and most widely cited Norwegian pediatrician of all times."
He defended the fort of Issy at the Siege of Paris, and served in Corsica and in Algeria in 1873.
Erich Sackmann is a German experimental physicist and a pioneer of biophysics in Europe.
His fields of expertise included soil physics, gas properties, acoustics, fluid mechanics, and blackbody radiation.
Wagstaff said later that you probably wouldn't want to use that phrase in a research proposal asking for funding, such as an NSF proposal.
His major work was in synthetic organic chemistry.
In mathematical statistics, Wold contributed the Cramér–Wold theorem characterizing the normal distribution and developed the Wold decomposition in time series analysis.
He has focused on study of the humoral theory of transplant rejection, which states that antibodies cause allograft rejection.
Elaine Pagels, née Hiesey, is an American religious historian who writes on the Gnostic Gospels.
His "lost notebook", containing discoveries from the last year of his life, caused great excitement among mathematicians when it was rediscovered in 1976.
Born in Geneseo, New York, Blakeslee attended Wesleyan University, graduating in 1896.
He was a long-term ethnographic researcher and his work near Kosi Bay on the Mozambican border resulted in a number of peer-reviewed academic publications.
His contributions to coding systems assisted the digital video and audio revolution, by enabling reliable data storage at information densities previously unattainable.
He became a naturalized citizen of the United States of America in 1944.
For 27 years Singerman served as the University of Florida, Judaica librarian and bibliographer.
Seidel is related to Chicago artist Emory Seidel.
Samuel Earnshaw was an English clergyman and mathematician and physicist, noted for his contributions to theoretical physics, especially "Earnshaw's Theorem".
at Oxford University and his Ph.D. at Columbia University.
He is currently focused on developing quantum information system technologies.
Anatoly Samoilenko was born in 1938 in the village of Potiivka, Radomyshl district, Zhytomyr region.
                  n
He received his MD from Northwestern University Medical School and his Ph.D. from the University of Chicago.
He was born in Scotland but emigrated to Canada at the age of five.
Holmes was posthumously inducted into the National Inventors Hall of Fame in 1991.
She was greatly respected as a geneticist.
He founded both the MIS department in 1974, and the Center for the Management of Information in 1985 at the University of Arizona.
"Megillah," the treatise of Arnau de Vilanova on "Digestive and Purgative Medicines".
Known for its "high-energy presentation and MTV-paced segments," the program became a hit for both kids and adults.
Edward Lowry Barnwell was a British antiquarian and schoolmaster who was headmaster of Ruthin School, Denbighshire for 26 years
In 1958, together with Gerda Pfennig, he edited the first "Karlsruher Nuklidkarte" which has become a basic element both for nuclear scientists and education.
Antoine-Augustin Parmentier is remembered as a vocal promoter of the potato as a food source for humans in France and throughout Europe.
He also worked on invariant theory and projective differential geometry.
Anne Cooke, FMedSci, FRSB is a British biologist and academic, specialising in immunology and autoimmune diseases.
46 of the Springer book series Advances in Biochemical Engineering/Biotechnology was dedicated to Karl Schügerl's 65-th birthday.
Poul Heegaard was a Danish mathematician active in the field of topology.
Arthur Taylor Winfree was a theoretical biologist at the University of Arizona.
King was forced to resign but privately published several additional papers from his research during this period.
In 1954, Fano was made an IEEE Fellow for "contributions in the field of information theory and microwave filters".
He died of a brain tumor, at 53 years of age, in Oxford, England, where he made his home after 1992.
As a child, Pierre showed a passion for natural history, cluttering his father’s house with specimen collections.
Lev Semyonovich Pontryagin was a Soviet mathematician.
He was the recipient of the Robert A. Millikan award in 1988.
Hermann Klaus Hugo Weyl, ForMemRS was a German mathematician, theoretical physicist and philosopher.
He was professor of applied mathematics in the Faculty of Science at Cairo University, and also served as its first dean.
His work offers a right-wing analysis of Canadian economic history.
Mauri S. Pelto is a professor of environmental science at Nichols College in Dudley, Massachusetts and director of the North Cascades Glacier Climate Project.
At Moscow University, Andreev became the first dean elect of the Physics and Mathematics Faculty, where he introduced the standard lecture cycle system.
She has received many awards for her pioneering work, including the National Medal of Science.
Newton was a fellow of Trinity College and the second Lucasian Professor of Mathematics at the University of Cambridge.
Kocher was elected to the U.S. National Academy of Engineering in 2009 for his contributions to cryptography and Internet security.
Richard Clarke Cabot was an American physician who advanced clinical hematology, was an innovator in teaching methods, and was a pioneer in social work.
Mary-Claire King is an American human geneticist.
Leon Festinger was an American social psychologist, perhaps best known for cognitive dissonance and social comparison theory.
Although more recent developments in the field have resulted in a re-evaluation of his theories and works, his publications, particularly on calendric inscriptions, are still cited.
Paradoxically, he had been a student of Ernst Rüdin, one of the architects of racial hygiene policies in Nazi Germany.
Dylan Evans is a British academic and author who has written books on emotion and the placebo effect as well as the theories of Jacques Lacan.
At Bell Labs, Weinberger contributed to the design of the AWK programming language, and the Fortran compiler f77.
Giovanni Enrico Eugenio Vacca was an Italian mathematician, Sinologist and historian of science.
While at WNBC-TV, he was the longtime weatherman on the morning program Today in New York.
He is also author of the paper Theorems for free!
At the time of his death he was an emeritus professor at Indiana University.
He went to an elementary school in 1901–1904 and a town school in 1904–1908.
Many of these are collected in The Dialectical Biologist.
His Ph.D. thesis advisor was Stephen Smale.
They spent the night at the Comfort Inn in South Portland.
Colonel Richard Meinertzhagen, CBE, DSO was a British soldier, intelligence officer and ornithologist.
A Review of General Psychology survey, published in 2002, ranked Rutter as the 68th most cited psychologist of the 20th century.
He served in the Russian military during the Russo-Japanese War, then spent some time in jail for revolutionary political activities.
Donella H. "Dana" Meadows was a pioneering American environmental scientist, teacher, and writer.
In 1946 he championed the organization of the Oak Ridge Institute of Nuclear Studies.
In 1945, she was one of the first two women elected a Fellow of the Royal Society.
Leslie Harold Collier was a scientist responsible for developing a freeze-drying method to produce a more heat stable smallpox vaccine in the late 1940s.
Dantzig is known for his development of the simplex algorithm, an algorithm for solving linear programming problems, and for his other work with linear programming.
He taught at the University of Nebraska from 1957 to 1964, taking a position at the University of Texas at Austin, where he has remained.
They now are known to be bacteria specialised for intracellular parasitism.
Heinrich Friedrich Emil Lenz, usually cited as Emil Lenz, was a Russian physicist of Baltic German ethnicity.
Ernest-Charles Lasègue was a French physician born in Paris.
One of the research projects Taylor instrumented was a large groundwater source heat-pump system to heat and cool the entire academic complex at Stockton.
He operates two blogs - one on economic policy, and another on economics and parenting.
His theory has not been taken up by the Egyptological community, but the book remains a stimulating and detailed study of the Egyptian pyramids.
She is most famous for her research on nuclear transmutations and radioactivity.
      
Reed is an Adjunct Professor at the MIT Media Lab in the Viral Communications group and is one of six principal architects of the Croquet project.
In 1950 he was appointed Quain Professor of Physics and head of the University College, London, Physics Department.
He was one of the discoverers of the HOMFLY polynomial.
His American-born children and descendants took his last surname for that reason, as well, albeit without the diacritic.
      
He is also the Director of the Contextual Robotics Institute at UC San Diego.
Roscoe Gilkey Dickinson was a U.S. chemist, known primarily for his work on X-ray crystallography.
As an investigator of the human mind, he founded psychometrics and differential psychology and the lexical hypothesis of personality.
Although well publicized at the time, the system's enormous military potential was not developed until the late 1930s.
In 2001 he co-founded the Microsoft Research Silicon Valley lab and was the Assistant Managing Director until the lab was disbanded in 2014.
      
He spent most of his career in Lund.
The Paul Wild Observatory at Culgoora is named after him.
Bjorn Mikhail Poonen is a mathematician, four-time Putnam Competition winner and currently the Claude Shannon Professor of Mathematics at MIT.
Wehrle's salamander was named in his honour.
She is also the 2011 recipient of the Research in Information Science Award from the American Association of Information Science and Technology.
Stanley Gartler is currently Professor Emeritus of Medicine and Genome Sciences at the University of Washington.
Michael Alexander Kirkwood Halliday is a linguist from England who developed the internationally influential systemic functional linguistic model of language.
Lorenz's work was interrupted by the onset of World War II and in 1941 he was recruited into the German army as a medic.
She discovered the enzyme telomerase in 1984, while she was a graduate student of Elizabeth Blackburn at the University of California, Berkeley.
He earned a first class honours degree in Mathematics in 1953 followed by a Ph.D. at University College London in 1956.
A co-founder of the Société météorologique de France, he joined the French Academy of Sciences in 1854.
Hygienic Measures in Relation to Infectious Diseases
However, a previous essay about explosives led to his working briefly in a chemical laboratory as an explosives technician, instead.
          ∑
John C. Rothwell is a Professor of neurophysiology at the UCL Institute of Neurology.
Johannes Ernst Conrad was a German political economist.
He said in an interview with the newspaper de Volkskrant, "On the smallest level Newton's laws don't apply, but they do for apples and planets.
Although Ibn al-Haytham was the first to describe camera obscura, Shen was the first in China to do so, several decades later.
He continued his work until his death, on 2 December 1924, aged 75.
Schmidhuber did his undergraduate studies at Technische Universität München in Munich, Germany.
Cadmium was discovered in 1817 by a physician, Friedrich Stromeyer.
Julius Robert Oppenheimer was an American theoretical physicist and professor of physics at the University of California, Berkeley.
He studied with Franz Brentano at the University of Würzburg before receiving his doctorate at the University of Göttingen in 1868.
He also wrote a leading Zoology textbook.
They have worked to show that natural selection can be seen within a single lifetime, or even within a couple of years.
Forbes declared them to be bryozoans, however later workers ascribed it to other plants and animals.
He then became an adherent of the revisionist policy of General Boulanger and a member of the League of Patriots.
Nicolae Constantin Paulescu – 17 July 1931) was a Romanian physiologist, professor of medicine, and politician, most famous for discovering insulin, who worked on pancreine.
He was able to get out of the USSR with the help of U.S.
He fought in World War I in the French Army and later in the forces of Polish general Józef Haller.
He served as secretary, then president, of the Royal Society of London.
He was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society in 1910, when his citation read
His studies include the mechanisms of protein secretion, disulfide bond formation, and cell division.
The measurement of current in a vacuum tube was an important step towards the creation of a vacuum tube diode.
From 1907 to 1960 he taught at the University of Chicago.
Three well-known fractals are named after him, as are Sierpinski numbers and the associated Sierpiński problem.
From 1986 until his death he was employed at the Department of Applied Mathematics of Charles University in Prague, holding a professor position since 2000.
M. Bockmuehl and D. Hagner, Cambridge University Press - this includes a bibliography of Stanton's books and articles up to 2005.
Before his academic career, Cox was a keyboard player for the bands D:Ream and Dare.
He found in April 1944 that Thin Man, the proposed plutonium gun-type nuclear weapon, would not work because of the presence of plutonium-240 impurities.
He was educated at the University of Heidelberg, where he received his Diplom in mathematics, applied mathematics and physics in 1961.
From 1967 to 1970, he was a Pro-Vice-Chancellor of the University.
He also proposed the Whittaker Biome Classification, which categorized biome-types upon two abiotic factors: temperature and precipitation.
He is a Canadian Commonwealth Scholar, Honorary Woodrow Wilson Scholar, a Canada Council Fellow.
Ogawa served as president of Tohoku University between 1919 and 1928.
Rosenbaum has continued to pursue intraflagellar transport as his main research interest.
In 1879, he became a professor of political science at Aachen University of Technology.
This was widely recognized as one of the greatest computational feats of its day.
He received his Ph.D. in learning theory from Yale University in 1959.
The Soret peak, a strong absorption band of hemoglobin is also named after him.
This technique highlighted slight structural abnormalities and specific identification of the extra chromosomes involved in conditions such as Down's syndrome.
He received the Stalin prize in 1946 and 1953 and the USSR state prize in 1971.
degree in physics with high honors, and Cornell University, where he earned his Ph.D.in physics in 1990.
It was adapted into a 1988 film of the same name.
His book Principles of Neurotheology gives a basic understanding on the research done so far on Neurotheology.
As time went on, however, Yerkes began to propagate his support for eugenics in the 1910s and 1920s.
Henry Louis Le Chatelier was an influential French chemist of the late 19th and early 20th centuries.
In 1955, he entered the Geologic Department at the Shevchenko Kyiv State University.
Douglas Dean Osheroff is a physicist known for his work in experimental condensed matter physics, in particular for his co-discovery of superfluidity in Helium-3.
James Milnor Coit was an American teacher, born in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania.
It was Roy's advocacy and leadership that led to the creation of the Ordnance Survey in 1791, the year after his death.
He returned to Berkeley in 1945 to lead the construction of the 184-inch cyclotron, and spent the rest of his career there.
He is a Founder of the Georgia Tech Bioinformatics M.Sc.
Davy was born in Ottery St Mary, Devonshire, England, son of Thomas Davy.
He is notable for his work on the population dynamics of fisheries.
Professor Ahmad Hasan Dani FRAS, SI, HI, was a Pakistani intellectual, archaeologist, historian, and linguist.
Started in 1978, it is one of the longest running laboratory research projects on chimpanzee intelligence.
George Neil Robertson is a mathematician working mainly in topological graph theory, currently a distinguished professor emeritus at the Ohio State University.
John Joly FRS was an Irish physicist, famous for his development of radiotherapy in the treatment of cancer.
He was a Professorial Lecturer at the George Washington University in Washington, DC from 1956 to 1965.
Frederick William True was an American biologist, the first head curator of biology at the United States National Museum, now part of the Smithsonian Institution.
Macneil was the son of Robert Lister Macneil.
Deuring graduated from the University of Göttingen in 1930, then began working with Emmy Noether, who noted his mathematical acumen even as an undergraduate.
He worked a number of jobs including football coach, cattle rancher, and trapper.
He has authored nearly 900 scientific papers and holds over 70 United States Patents.
She has worked on studies of geophysics, environmental issues such as global warming, and the history of science.
                −
The discovery received plenty of attention at the time but no practical uses were apparent and the interest dropped soon.
        π
Charles Allen Thomas was a noted American chemist and businessman, and an important figure in the Manhattan Project.
and What Do You Care What Other People Think?
Among her last publications were the 1996 Hun og han.
She is also known for her work in actively encouraging women to pursue careers in scientific fields.
Dr. Moore has extensive experience in the academic, research, business, and government arenas of science and technology.
Schmitt also coined the term biomimetics and invented the Schmitt trigger, the cathode follower, the differential amplifier, and the chopper-stabilized amplifier.
Chadwick graduated from the Victoria University of Manchester in 1911, where he studied under Ernest Rutherford.
Jeannette Marie Wing is Corporate Vice President of Microsoft Research with oversight of its core research laboratories around the world and Microsoft Research Connections.
in zoology from Oriel College, Oxford, and he is the recipient of the 2010 Indianapolis Prize for his work on elephant conservation.
He is referred to as the "founder of experimental biology", and as the "father of modern parasitology".
He is remembered for his calculation of the density of the earth from Nevil Maskelyne's observations on Schiehallion.
In immunology, he is given an epithet the "father of natural immunity".
The following year he became a consultant for the United States Navy.
Carolyn Ruth Bertozzi is an American chemist.
Despite the crucial role he played in the excavations, Mackenzie was eventually fired by Evans.
He attended the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, but in 1950 transferred to the University of California, Berkeley, where he earned his B.A.
In 2010 she was the first woman to receive the prestigious Lemelson-MIT Prize faculty award.
Starting at the same time he was also a professor at the University of Florence, and continued in this capacity until 1957.
He was the brother of the mountain climber Emil Zsigmondy and the Nobel Laureate chemist Richard Adolf Zsigmondy.
Starting his political career in the Liberal Party, he switched to the Labour Party around the turn of the 20th century.
In 1896, he suspected samples of the recently discovered element samarium were contaminated with an unknown element, which he isolated in 1901, naming it europium.
His father-in-law, Peter MacOwan, had been its honorary curator from 1862 to 1869 before moving to Somerset East.
For much of his working life, however, he was, in effect, stateless.
He was the last member of the British Mission to do so, in April 1947.
She led the University of Edinburgh School of Informatics in applying for an Athena SWAN Award, which they subsequently achieved silver in.
Together with Sören Jensen he reintroduced the concepts of stem and crown groups to phylogenetics.
Haberlandt first pointed out the possibilities of the culture of isolated tissues, plant tissue culture.
John K. Mahon received his BA from Swarthmore College in 1934 graduating Phi Beta Kappa.
Among his honours were the CBE in 1952, the Queen's Gold Medal for Poetry in 1953, and he was made Companion of Honour in 1956.
In 1911, he was appointed Elder professor of physics at the University of Adelaide.
In fact, he was so frightened by what he created that he kept it a secret for over a year.
Among his students were James Franck, Eduard Grüneisen, Robert Pohl, Erich Regener and Hans von Euler-Chelpin.
Vincenzo Riccati was a Venetian mathematician and physicist.
Martin Heinrich Klaproth was a German chemist who discovered uranium, zirconium, and cerium.
He was elected Fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences in 2006.
In 2002 Eliashberg was elected to the National Academy of Sciences of the USA.
As president of Howard Hughes Medical Institute, he promoted science education, and he teaches an undergraduate chemistry course at the University of Colorado.
John David Kennedy is a chemist and Emeritus Professor of Inorganic Chemistry at the University of Leeds.
Among his research students are Patrice Orro, Karim Bekka, Claudio Murolo, Georges Comte, Dwi Juniati and Guillaume Valette.
George came to Stanford in the Mathematics Department in 1959, and served as professor and chairman of the Computer Science department from 1965 until his death.
His expertise is in condensed matter theory in strongly correlated electronic systems.
In addition, Dr. Moore is the founder and former president of Gradient Lens Corporation of Rochester, New York, the manufacturer of the Hawkeye boroscope.
He compares a rain forest and a tropical sea, their similarities and differences, and through it demonstrates how to understand biological systems.
He became Associate Professor in 1959 and Professor of Geology and Geophysics in 1962.
He published a newspaper Die medicinische Reform during this period to disseminate his social and political ideas.
In addition, he conducted studies on the Mimosa plant and other legumes.
James Edward Maceo West is an American inventor and acoustician.
In 1931 he became member of the Royal Netherlands Academy of Arts and Sciences, in 1955 he became foreign member.
In 1937, she moved to Columbia University, where she took an unpaid position.
The fact that fluoroacetate in itself is far less toxic than its metabolite fluorocitrate led him to coin the term "lethal synthesis" in 1951.
He was the co-founder and the first President of the World Academy of Art and Science.
He was awarded an honorary degree by Washington University in 1984.
Die Elemente der Zahlentheorie, Teubner, Leipzig, 1894
Sálim Moizuddin Abdul Ali was an Indian ornithologist and naturalist.
Alina Surmacka Szczesniak was a Polish-born American food scientist best known for her contributions to food texture.
      
His research involves lambda calculus, type theory, and combinatory algebra.
In 1916 he was awarded the Boyle Medal of the Royal Dublin Society
Gary William Gibbons FRS is a British theoretical physicist.
Preparata was born in Italy in December, 1935.
He is known for his editing of a long series of natural history books, The Naturalist's Library.
He is also a member of the Joint Graduate Group in Bioengineering, an inter-campus program, between UC Berkeley and UC San Francisco.
Simon Newcomb was a Canadian–American astronomer, applied mathematician and autodidactic polymath, who was Professor of Mathematics in the U.S. Navy and at Johns Hopkins.
He is notable for the number of scientific papers which acknowledge his help.
This is a Chinese name; the family name is Tan.
He was elected as deputy of the Supreme Soviet of the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics in 1979.
He is best known for his work with competitive analysis of online algorithms, particularly for the k-server problem.
In the 1934 he and Einar Hammarsten showed that DNA was a polymer.
He was appointed as Professor of Sociology in 1971.
He was elected to French academy of sciences, December 2013.
Alexander Georg von Bunge was a Russian German botanist.
Dr Babiuk holds the Canada Research Chair in Vaccinology and Biotechnology and is Chair of the Board for Pan-Provincial Vaccine Enterprise, a vaccine development company.
He soon devised a new intelligence test of his own, the Porteus Maze Test, a non-verbal intelligence test.
His main works concerned Celtic and Hittite and other languages of Asia Minor.
Kendall Newcomb Houk is the Saul Winstein Chair in Organic Chemistry at the University of California, Los Angeles.
Together with Samuel Wagstaff they also all participated in the Cunningham project.
He is also a Visiting Lecturer and Module Director for the Special Studies Programme in Ancient Medicine for the University of Oxford Medical School.
His work lent weight to the idea that Homer's Iliad and Virgil's Aeneid reflect historical events.
James Bicheno Francis was a British-American civil engineer, who invented the Francis turbine.
In 1984, he created the Orwell programming language.
A later conference would include Niels Bohr, Werner Heisenberg, Max Born, and Erwin Schrödinger.
He was no longer trusted in the English-speaking world.
In the inaugural year 2008, he was named an 'Outstanding Referee' by the American Physical Society.
His interest in applications of constraint programming has included how it can be used in computing species trees.
Oliver Meredith Boone Bulman was a British palaeontologist.
This conclusion led him to be the first to identify cooperative binding, in the context of oxygen binding to haemoglobin.
Prof Samaranayake played a major role in the development of IT and IT related education in Sri Lanka.
He proposed that this magnetic field resulted from electric currents induced in the fluid outer core of the Earth.
Paul Everett Meehl was a clinical psychologist and Professor of Psychology at the University of Minnesota.
Amagat published a paper in 1877 that contradicted the current understanding at the time, concluding that the coefficient of compressibility of fluids decreased with increasing pressure.
He has published more than 600 professional journal articles, and authored or co-authored 25 books.
In 1931 he succeeded Sante De Sanctis to the chair in psychology at the Università degli studi di Roma "La Sapienza".
Related to his genomics work, Rubin's lab is notable for development of genetic and genomics tools and studies of signal transduction and gene regulation.
Eric Fawcett, was a professor of physics at the University of Toronto for 23 years.
They measure 10 to 25 µm in length.
Chandra Kumar Naranbhai Patel is an electrical engineer.
These meters track changes in voltage and current usage by a given household and then deduce which appliances are using how much electricity and when.
His group is also part of the Oxford Centre for Integrative Systems Biology.
In 1994, she co-discovered KSHV[1], also called human herpesvirus-8, working with her husband Patrick S. Moore at Columbia University.
He is arguably best known for his excavations of the ship burial at Gokstad in 1880.
Baroness Ingrid Daubechies is a Belgian physicist and mathematician.
Chang was elected to the National Academy of Engineering in 2008, for the development and commercialization of GaAs HBT power amplifiers and integrated circuits.
Otto Julius Klotz OLS, DLS, DTS was a Canadian astronomer and Dominion Surveyor.
Horace Chandler Davis is an American-Canadian mathematician, writer, and educator.
He was president of the Optical Society of America in 1994 and of the American Physical Society in 2012.
He and his family relocated to Palos Verdes, California.
He was a major pioneer in the field of planetary magnetism.
In 1913, the government approved the project and Dr. Harper was sent to make measurements of the observing conditions at various sites.
He was educated at Bedford School and St. John's College, Cambridge.
Forster was an impressive speaker but his leadership was considered poor.
He is also an adjunct professor with the Centre for Applied Cryptographic Research at the University of Waterloo.
He is also Director of the Institute of Complex Systems of CNR.
Dr. Charles Christopher Horn is an American behavioral neuroscientist.
Gertsch was the premier American arachnologist for half of the 20th century.
Tuckman was also known for his research on college students' procrastination and development of the Tuckman Procrastination Scale.
Constantine A. Balanis is a Greek born American scientist, educator and author.
In the end, Stapf moved to Royal Botanic Gardens, Kew in 1890.
He wrote in several languages, but primarily in Latin, French, and German.
The carriage broke the ice and plunged.
At the age of 21 he started studying at the University of Munich with Otto Hönigschmid.
J. Michael Scott is an American scientist, professor, environmentalist and author.
He then married, in 1897, Ida, daughter of His Honour Judge Meadows White, QC.
He was a mining specialist who developed possibly the first classification of geological time, based on study of the geology of northern Italy.
He is also known for contradicting with robust arguments the controversial theories of Jakob Philipp Fallmerayer regarding the racial origins of the Greeks.
He then shifted his focus to biology with a minor in physics.
Both Zinkernagel and Doherty held him in high regard, and he was invited by them to attend the Nobel award ceremony and dinner in Stockholm.
Burrhus Frederic Skinner, commonly known as B. F. Skinner, was an American psychologist, behaviorist, author, inventor, and social philosopher.
After the war, Compton became Chancellor of Washington University in St. Louis.
She went on to earn her master's degree in general science from Eastern Michigan University.
It was completely revised in 1961 by his colleague James Lafferty.
In 1979, Itano became the first Japanese American elected to the United States National Academy of Sciences.
Since 1962, Professor and Head, Department of History, of Novosibirsk State University.
Kronheimer has frequently collaborated with Tomasz Mrowka of MIT.
He also spoke Zulu, Tsonga, Tswana and Afrikaans.
Donald Howard Menzel was one of the first theoretical astronomers and astrophysicists in the US.
Snedecor's F-distribution and the George W. Snedecor Award of the American Statistical Association are named after him.
In fact, it took Kohlberg five years before he was able to publish an article based on his views.
Dr. Kennedy has published over 80 manuscripts in prestigious journals including Cell, Nature, Science, Genes & Development, and PNAS.
After retirement in 1937 he toured and lectured about magicians.
He determined the typical crystallization patterns of many important biochemicals such as uric acid, oxalic acid and its salts, lactic acid, cholesterin, stearin, etc.
He also coined the currently-used names for geological eras, Palaeozoic, Mesozoic and Cenozoic.
Leonard Pershing Guarente is an American biologist best known for his research on life span extension in the budding yeast Saccharomyces cerevisiae, round worms, and mice.
He has been an active wildlife conservationist since graduating from Oxford.
John Henry Poynting was an English physicist.
Mario Ponzo was an Italian academic psychologist.
He is also the author of several books for general readers about physics and Chinese culture.
Estridge also published the specifications of the IBM PC, allowing a booming third-party aftermarket hardware business to take advantage of the machine's expansion card slots.
When the request was refused, and Venice was placed under Austria, he removed to Milan, where he was made member of the great council.
She is a recipient of the Otto Hahn Medal and the Gottfried Wilhelm Leibniz Prize.
Graham-Cumming is the original writer of POPFile, an open-source, cross-platform e-mail filtering program.
        
In 1704, he invented the U-tube manometer, a device capable of measuring rarefaction in gases.
These are formulated in a version of the language SUO-KIF which has a LISP-like syntax.
In 1940 he returned to NRL where he became superintendent of Radio I Division, associate director of research, and scientific research administrator.
Most importantly, this system does not rely on cryptography at all.
In March 1950 he was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society for which his candidature citation read:
But subsequent findings and confirmations of his readings by scholars building on his results gradually led to general acceptance of his work.
He was elected a Fellow of Trinity in 1948 and served as Erasmus Smith's Professor of Oratory until 1989.
Lewis Hastings Sarett was an American organic chemist.
Ross John Anderson, FRS, FREng is a researcher, writer, and industry consultant in security engineering.
He then received his Ph.D. and worked as a research associate under Prof. Tayfun E. Tezduyar.
Victor G. Nee is an American sociologist known for his work in economic sociology.
From 1991 to 2008 he was the Jacksonian Professor of Natural Philosophy in the Cavendish Laboratory at the University of Cambridge.
Djalma Guimarães, was a pioneer Brazilian geochemist.
Landell de Moura was ordained to the priesthood in 1886 in Rome.
From 1954 to 1955 he was the Agricultural Advisor to the Ethiopian Minister of Agriculture.
Although the term pest management looks new in controlling pests but it is based on decades of development.
His over 200 peer-reviewed articles have been published in three languages covering seven countries.
Joshua Michael Aaron Ryder Wurman is an American atmospheric scientist and inventor noted for tornado, tropical cyclone, and weather radar research.
G.D. Hale Carpenter MBE MA DM was a British entomologist and physician.
Lewis Morris Rutherfurd was an American lawyer and astronomer, and a pioneering astrophotographer.
The Heyerdahl Archives are administered by the Kon-Tiki Museum and the National Library of Norway in Oslo.
Dr.Ibrahim Bijli Syed is an American Muslim and radiologist.
He was a Senior Fulbright-Hays Scholar, and was awarded the 2011 SPIE Wavelet Pioneer award.
          lim inf
Their work led to the publication of what is now commonly called Dancoff's Law.
Maithree Wickramasinghe has delivered keynotes and addressed plenaries at academic and professional fora in the US, Spain, Kenya, India, Pakistan, South Korea and China.
In 2008, Standish received the NASA Distinguished Service Medal; in 2015, he was given Wesleyan University's Distinguished Alumnus Award.
His discovery of a test for susceptibility to diphtheria made him world famous.
It is not always evident if thesebooks are integral versions or based on the 1964-Tchou edition.
Yoky Matsuoka is the former Vice President of Technology at Nest, where she was in charge of UX and the learning aspects of Nest's thermostat.
Paul Karl Ludwig Drude was a German physicist specializing in optics.
He graduated from Boston University in 1934 with a BS degree and enrolled at Harvard for graduate study.
Skilled at both microscopy and biological illustration, he was able to identify moss antheridia and archegonia.
After earning a Ph.D. in economics, he served on the faculty at Harvard University from 1927 to 1979.
Darwin's work established evolutionary descent with modification as the dominant scientific explanation of diversification in nature.
In 1904 he studied at the University of Göttingen in Germany where he studied with American Nobel Prize winning chemist and physicist Irving Langmuir.
Alfred Vogt received his doctorate from the University of Basel in 1904.
Oliver Wolcott Gibbs was an American chemist.
He is also a member of TTI/Vanguard's advisory board.
Also, he was a professor at the Earthquake Research Institute.
In 1927 he was awarded a Ph.D. from the University of Berlin.
They made important mathematical contributions in this field of complex dynamics, including a study of the Mandelbrot set.
For many years he taught at Yale University.
McNutt chaired the NAS climate intervention committee who delivered two reports in 2015.
Educated at Brooklyn College and Stanford University, he was a professor of biology at the University of Rochester.
He then traveled to Peru and returned to France in August 1711, where he published a complete inventory of his observations in three volumes.
Gerd Faltings is a German mathematician known for his work in arithmetic algebraic geometry.
His contributions include work in harmonic analysis and differential equations.
Julius Adolph Stöckhardt was a German agricultural chemist.
Professor David John Mabberley AM, is a British botanist, educator and writer.
He was credited with playing a key role in the development of the gas-permeable rigid contact lens which allows oxygen to reach the wearer's cornea.
Blood Immunity and Blood Relationship, establishing the identification of different kinds of blood
She has appeared on numerous TV documentaries including Big Ideas on PBS and the Universe series in the History Channel.
He was chairman of the Department of Chemistry at Yale from 1987-1990.
Wood is known for his 1990 proposed redating of the destruction of Jericho to accord with the biblical chronology of c. 1400 BC.
Johnnetta Betsch Cole is an American anthropologist, educator and museum director.
He is a former Professor of Philosophy and Pro-Vice-Chancellor, now Professor Emeritus, of Cambridge University.
She also edited and introduced Puah Rakovsky’s My Life as a Radical Jewish Woman: Memoirs of a Zionist Feminist in Poland.
He worked at observatories in Belgium, Germany and the United States.
Since 2000 he is Professor of Electronic Media Technology at the Technical University Ilmenau.
In his later years he was a contributing editor to Optics and Photonics News.
His grave is preserved in the Protestant Friedhof I der Jerusalems- und Neuen Kirchengemeinde in Berlin-Kreuzberg, south of Hallesches Tor.
Popescu was elected a Member of the Romanian Academy in 1992.
At the age of 75 he led a Royal Society geological traverse across Tibet, in collaboration with the Academica Sinica, Beijing.
Tomas Robert Lindahl FRS FMedSci is a Swedish-born British scientist specialising in cancer research.
Subsequently he received the PhD degree in Physics from Cornell University in 1980.
For this ecological dissertation he received the Walsingham Medal from Cambridge, the marine biologist Ernest William MacBride having been the first recipient in 1893.
                 
      
In 2003, a bronze statue of Zhou was unveiled on the campus of Peking University.
During her career she was recognised internationally as a pioneer and one of Britain's most distinguished and highly respected molecular geneticists.
He was transferred to the Red Cross Hospital at Cormons, where he died on 8 December at the age of 36.
He is best known for his Nigrescence Model, first detailed in a 1971 publication, and his book, Shades of Black, published in 1991.
At the press conference Pete Worden was introduced as the Chairman for the Breakthrough Prize Foundation.
Since 2003, she has worked as an autism research assistant affiliated with the Autism Specialized Clinic of Hôpital Rivière-des-Prairies in Montreal, Canada.
In 1981, Swings became a founding member of the World Cultural Council.
With Estia J. Eichten, Lane co-invented extended technicolor.
He was always called Donald, from his third name MacDonald.
Professor and head of the Department of Physics at Aligarh University, Director of Central Scientific Instruments Organization and Professor Emeritus Punjab Agricultural University.
Haraden Pratt was a noted American electrical engineer and radio pioneer.
D’Anieri’s research focuses on politics and foreign policy in the post-Soviet states.
Chiera led Oriental Institute excavations at Khorsabad, near Mosul, Iraq in 1928 - 1929, again with great success.
Theodor Wertheim was an Austrian chemist born in Vienna.
She was also the first woman appointed to the faculty of Harvard University.
His great aim was to establish a political system based upon the unity of all classes and of all interests in France.
        ϵ
Jeremiah Dixon served as assistant to Charles Mason in 1761 when the Royal Society selected Mason to observe the transit of Venus from Sumatra.
He received his Ph.D. from Leningrad University in 1972 under the direction of Vladimir Rokhlin.
Icilio Guareschi studied at the University of Bologna and received his Ph.D there in 1871.
Gerald Estrin was an American computer scientist, and Professor at the UCLA Computer Science Department.
Samuel Stanley Wilks was an American mathematician and academic who played an important role in the development of mathematical statistics, especially in regard to practical applications.
Alison Jolly was a primatologist, known for her studies of lemur biology.
He contributed several papers to the first series of the British Critic, and two to the Edinburgh Philosophical Journal, in 1822.
He was also the founder of the electrical and telecommunications company Siemens.
The Tadeusz Krwawicz Gold Medal is awarded by the International Council of Ophthalmology Board every four years.
Prior to joining CSIS, Mark became a Senior Fellow at the Foreign Policy Research Institute in 2015.
He was a student of Joseph Johann Littrow, and the advisor of Pafnuty Chebyshev and August Davidov.
For his mechanics textbook, in 1836 Brashman was awarded the Demidov Prize by the Russian Academy of Sciences.
He took US citizenship in 1939, publishing his Principles of Development the same year.
In recent years he has been developing methods for prediction in the face of uncertainty  and for filtering and data assimilation .
Clark was not a popular figure among the British archaeological community, being regarded as a competitive and remote individual who craved recognition.
His name was Karel Löwner in Czech and Karl Löwner in German.
Aviezri Siegmund Fraenkel is an Israeli mathematician who has made notable contributions to combinatorial game theory.
To strengthen behavior, Skinner used operant conditioning, and he considered the rate of response to be the most effective measure of response strength.
degree in Mathematics at Trinity College, Cambridge, where he was Senior Wrangler, and went on to complete the C.A.S.M..
Bentley received the Dr. Dobb's Excellence in Programming award in 2004.
In 1984 he was made an Officer of the Order of Canada and was promoted to Companion in 2003.
In October 2011, Autonomy was sold to Hewlett-Packard for $11bn.
Her name has been given to the distribution: Adriane Knoppix.
There is no evidence that this or other "anti-cancer" diet is effective.
Dickinson received his undergraduate education at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and, in 1920, became the first person to receive a PhD from Caltech.
He is a senior editor of Nature, the scientific journal.
Sachs's research formed the basis for amniocentesis, the widely used prenatal diagnosis of human diseases.
In his lifetime, Frost published over 200 papers and 4 books and proposed names for 46 species of Diptera.
In 1974 he was elected a member of the Royal Netherlands Academy of Arts and Sciences.
Pake was raised in Kent, Ohio; his father was an English instructor at Kent State University.
After Denmark was occupied by the Germans, he had a famous meeting with Heisenberg, who had become the head of the German nuclear weapon project.
Christopher Voigt is an American synthetic biologist, molecular biophysicist, and engineer.
By the time World War II broke out, Manley was at the University of Chicago's Metallurgical Laboratory.
He was an external examiner, visiting lecturer, and scientific journal editor.
John Pond FRS was a renowned English astronomer who became the sixth Astronomer Royal, serving from 1811 to 1835.
Josiah Willard Gibbs was an American scientist who made important theoretical contributions to physics, chemistry, and mathematics.
He has been awarded a Harvard Junior Fellowship, a Clay Research Fellowship, and the prize of the European Mathematical Society for his work.
He is also a television presenter and a prize-winning author on the subject of biology, especially evolution.
The main-belt asteroid 9921 Rubincam was named in his honor.
Harold H. Seward was a computer scientist, engineer, and inventor.
Recently, her research has focused on the addictive nature of MMORPG games.
With the help of Polish sociologist Florian Znaniecki, W.I.
Karl Friedrich August Rammelsberg was a German mineralogist from Berlin, Prussia.
He held the named chair of Vilas Professor of Mathematics at Wisconsin.
He is perhaps best remembered for the Mostowski collapse lemma.
He was a prolific contributor to the field for the last six decades, having authored or coauthored several dozen research papers and monographs.
In 1958 he was elected as a member of the National Academy of Sciences.
He is also famous for noting and preparing a speech on the Turin Shroud, arguing in favour of its authenticity.
His obituary in Physics Today describes him as "a major player in the drama of the eruption of nuclear physics into world affairs...".
Deborah Charlesworth FRS FRSE is a British evolutionary biologist.
In 2002, Hawking was ranked number 25 in the BBC's poll of the 100 Greatest Britons.
His talents and perseverance attracted attention, and he obtained admission to the Hamburg gymnasium.
Cham lives in the United States, where he started drawing PhD Comics as a graduate student at Stanford University.
He received his Ph.D. in biological chemistry in 1978 from Harvard University.
Safra's research areas include complexity theory and automata theory.
He was born in Mane, near Forcalquier, in 1660.
In 1959 he introduced a counterexample to the general case of Hilbert's fourteenth problem on invariant theory.
Jeffrey David "Jeff" Ullman is a computer scientist and professor at Stanford University.
In 1874, he left the hospital to become an honorary Fellow and consultant physician to the college.
He is known for his investigations of mannitol and his analyses of zircon.
Olsen, C. The significance of concentration for the rate of ion absorption by higher plants in water culture.
His research career spanned five decades, from the early 1940s to the late 1990s.
He is a Professor of Computer Science and Vision Science and an Affiliate Professor of Optometry.
Archie Edmiston Roy FRSE, FRAS was Professor Emeritus of Astronomy in the University of Glasgow.
Edward Charles "Ted" Titchmarsh was a leading British mathematician.
His work helped lead to a proof of the Ramanujan conjecture which partly follows from the proof of the Weil conjectures by Deligne.
He received an honorary doctorate from the University of Waterloo in 2008 and one from the Technical University of Denmark in 2013.
He is currently the Medical Director of Care Hospital, Secunderabad and Musheerabad.
He developed the technique of using explosive charges to determine the type of ocean bottom sediments and their thickness.
After graduating from Harvard in 1901, he began working with famed ichthyologist Alexander Agassiz.
He also studied flood management in 1848 and supervised the construction of the Paris sewer system.
He is a recipient of a MacArthur Foundation "genius grant" and conducts research on development economics, behavioral economics, and corporate finance.
He remained there only a few days, but his liberty was still precarious after his release.
As of 2007, he has a position with the University of Florida's Soil and Water Science Department in Gainesville.
He is also credited with the first synthesis of the chemical compounds folic acid and methotrexate.
James E. Alcock is a Canadian educator.
He was one of the most prolific French mathematicians of the 20th century.
To support VDM, Bjørner co-founded VDM-Europe, which subsequently became Formal Methods Europe, an organization that supports conferences and related activities.
In 2004 he received, along with Alan Guth, the Gruber Prize in Cosmology for the development of inflationary cosmology.
In 1921 he moved to Italy to study Etruscan archaeology.
Bessey attended the University of Nebraska, receiving an Bachelor of Arts in 1896, a Bachelor of Science in 1897, and a Master of Arts in 1898.
        <
Akinori Yonezawa is a Japanese computer scientist specializing in object-oriented programming, distributed computing and information security.
Born in Sonneberg in 1892 to Carl and Marie Hoffmeister, Cuno Hoffmeister obtained his first telescope in 1905 and became an avid amateur astronomer.
He attended Königliche Technische Hochschule zu Danzig, from 1905 to 1910, earning degrees in mechanical and electrical engineering.
Its latest edition dates back to 1996 and is coauthored by Trudy F.C.
It is perhaps the most important unsolved problem in diophantine analysis.
In addition to his work on agricultural genetics, Robertson undertook extensive studies of other branches of genetics, developing an influential secondary theorem of natural selection.
William Browder is an American mathematician, specializing in algebraic topology, differential topology and differential geometry.
He chaired the US National Committee on Theoretical and Applied Mechanics and has served on advisory boards for several professional societies.
After the war, he returned to his job at the American Friends Service Committee.
Since 2011, Gang Tian become director of Sino-French Research Program in Mathematic in "le Centre National de la Recherche Scientifique"(CNRS) in Paris.
He also studied at Columbia, where he was a fellow and a university extension lecturer.
He was a pioneer in the use of kites to study conditions at high altitudes.
Charles Sutherland Elton FRS was an English zoologist and animal ecologist.
His research findings in this area are also instrumental to the Human Genome Project.
Although her work was controversial, it received international attention.
He filled the Edgar Pierce Chair of Philosophy at Harvard from 1956 to 1978.
He also first prepared 1,2-diketones, acetonedicarboxylic acid, methylglyoxal and diphenyltriketone; established the symmetrical structure of anthraquinone.
There, despite racial discrimination and a lack of funding and equipment, Bose carried on his scientific research.
Watt introduced a design enhancement, the separate condenser, which avoided this waste of energy and radically improved the power, efficiency, and cost-effectiveness of steam engines.
Tammann is the grandson of the physical chemist Gustav Tammann.
Frederick Justin Almgren Jr. was a mathematician working in geometric measure theory.
Arthur Williams Wright was an American physicist.
Christopher G. Thorne was a British historian and a professor of international relations at the University of Sussex.
Conversely as the quantity rises, the willingness of a person to pay for that good declines.
Napier's birthplace, Merchiston Tower in Edinburgh, is now part of the facilities of Edinburgh Napier University.
        
After receiving his doctorate at age 22, he became a professor of mathematics at the Gymnasium at Erlangen.
The Higgs mechanism is generally accepted as an important ingredient in the Standard Model of particle physics, without which certain particles would have no mass.
In 1683 La Hire assumed the chair of mathematics at the Collège Royal.
He is currently a professor at Cornell University.
He was elected to the United States National Academy of Sciences in 1969.
Powell married three times, and had fourteen children in total.
He was known as Leopold von Buch.
His brother Julian Peto, with whom he has published work in mathematical statistics, is also a distinguished epidemiologist.
Szilard was the first to recognize the connection between thermodynamics and Information theory.
In 1953, Manchester University awarded him a DSc.
Karl Dietrich Bracher was a German political scientist and historian of the Weimar Republic and Nazi Germany.
Tindale is best remembered for his work mapping the various tribal groupings of Indigenous Australians.
Joanna S. Fowler is a Scientist Emeritus at the U.S. Department of Energy's Brookhaven National Laboratory in New York.
Along with Carl Vogel, Pickering discovered the first spectroscopic binary stars.
Foote spent 33 years working for the geological survey.
Historian I. Bernard Cohen of Harvard University called Bernard "one of the greatest of all men of science".
Galpin discovered half a dozen genera and many hundreds of new species.
The list of patents in this article should be nearly complete.
Walter William Rouse Ball, known as W. W. Rouse Ball, was a British mathematician, lawyer, and fellow at Trinity College, Cambridge from 1878 to 1905.
You can explain this to pressure of gas.
Richard Stanley Kayne is Professor of Linguistics in the Linguistics Department at New York University.
He achieved renown as an anatomist and a naturalist with a particular interest in botany and zoology.
Emil Votoček was a Czech chemist, composer and music theorist.
William Draper Harkins was an U.S. chemist, notably for his contributions to nuclear chemistry.
Nevertheless, critics agree on the decisive importance of her follow-up achievements in professionalising nursing roles for women.
One paper published in 1968, characterized the stress and strains near the tip of a crack in materials undergoing plastic deformation.
Born in Los Angeles, he received his M.D.
In 1994 he was the first, with Amos Fiat, to formally study the problem of practical broadcast encryption.
Pictured here is the oil portrait by Charles Willson Peale of Charles-Alexandre Lesueur.
      
He is also Adjunct Professor of Murdoch University, and an Associate Editor of the Journals, Archaeological and Anthropological Sciences, and PLoS ONE.
Rubin also serves as a Vice President of the Howard Hughes Medical Institute and Executive Director of the Janelia Research Campus.
She was a key figure in the study of Aboriginal History in Canada's academic world.
George McDonald Church is an American geneticist, molecular engineer, and chemist.
He has worked on many aspects of the big bang cosmology, including baryogenesis, nucleosynthesis and dark matter.
He returned to his native town of Kcynia, where he ran a small cosmetics and household chemicals firm until his death in 1953.
Among his many students were the linguists Mary Haas and Morris Swadesh, and anthropologists such as Fred Eggan and Hortense Powdermaker.
He was hired with tenure by Harvard in 2004 after having spent six years at MIT.
Walter Hendrik Gustav Lewin is a Dutch astrophysicist and former professor of physics at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.
Paintal subsequently was elevated to Director General of the Indian Council of Medical Research and he was also the founder president of Society of Scientific Values.
After his release on November 27, 2006, Wan accused Chinese leaders of falling "asleep" as the virus spreads.
He has also been involved in studies of nonrenewable resources, forest management, and specifically carbon sequestration in forests.
      
Duhamel's theorem for infinitesimals says that the sum of a series of infinitesimals is unchanged by replacing the infinitesimal with its principal part.
Using this new technology, these two students proposed the Sliding Filament Theory of muscle contraction.
      
   is an integer this formula has to be modified.
She was president of the Genetical Society, vice president of the Royal Society, and a member of the U.K. Science and Technology Honours Committee.
This was in strong contrast to the prevailing view of communities as super-organisms, held by the powerful V.N.Sukachov and his consorts.
He is best known for his book The Practice of Social Research, currently in its 14th English edition, with numerous non-English editions.
Janet Rossant, CC, FRS, FRSC is a developmental biologist well known for her contributions to the understanding of the role of genes in embryo development.
Baron Peter Karel Piot, KCMG, FRCP, FMedSci is a Belgian microbiologist known for his research into Ebola and AIDS.
is an immunologist and a Professor of Pathology at Stanford University
He is known for his work on stellar mass black holes and supermassive black holes.
In 1929, Hawley returned to Queen's as Professor and Head of the Department of Mineralogy.
Ransom Aldrich "Ram" Myers, Jr. was a world-renowned American marine biologist and conservationist.
He was born in Berlin, Germany to Jewish parents, Adolph Herfort and Clara Herfort née Maass.
Sir Angus Stewart Deaton, FBA is a British American economist.
Drucker received his B.S., M.S., and Ph.D. degrees from Columbia University.
He is notable for his research in garbage collection, particularly Baker's real-time copying collector, and on the Actor model.
Stanisław Czesław Trybuła was a Polish mathematician and statistician.
She was honorary secretary from 1907 and president of the Pali Text Society 1923-1942.
The theory of martingales was developed by Doob.
James Jeffrey Binney, FRS, FInstP is a British astrophysicist.
In 1975 Black attained his BPhil in Cuneiform Studies.
student Charles Halpern-Hamu in 1985 as a tool for experimenting with programming language design.
John C. Green is an American academic who has written numerous books on the relationship between religion and politics.
He was also a member of the Aschenbrodel Verein, a musical society.
Bergin was raised in a family that did not actively attend any religious services.
Albert Kwadwo Adu Boahen was a Ghanaian academic, historian, and politician.
Lahav co-chairs the Science Committee of the international Dark Energy Survey, and he holds a European Research Council Advanced Grant on "Testing the Dark Energy Paradigm".
Takeshi Amemiya is an economist specializing in econometrics and the economy of ancient Greece.
Moreover, his work over the years can be seen in developmental psychology, aging and memory, and the neuropsychology of memory.
In recognition of his important researches the Geological Society of London in 1857 awarded to him the Wollaston medal.
He contemplated how it could be made compact, and came up with an idea for a circular accelerating chamber between the poles of an electromagnet.
Along with Carl Pomerance and W. R. Alford he proved the infinitude of Carmichael numbers in 1994.
He has widely explored the synthesis and chemistry of the gibberellin class of diterpenes over a 20-year period.
He paid great attention to the philosophical aspects of science, ancient and oriental philosophical concepts, ethics, and religion.
Both the literary and anthropological perspectives on Cabrera’s work assume that she wrote about mainly oral, practical religions with only an “embryonic” written tradition.
Friedrich Hermann Schottky was a German mathematician who worked on elliptic, abelian, and theta functions and introduced Schottky groups and Schottky's theorem.
He successfully cultured frog neuroblasts in a lymph medium and thereby took the first step toward current research on precursor and stem cells.
Russell was the lead investigator connected with a satellite to study ice in part of the Earth's atmosphere.
His influence extended far beyond his own research.
Giovanni Arcangeli was an Italian botanist from Florence.
In 1993 and 1997 he biographed Fridtjof Nansen and Bjørnstjerne Bjørnson respectively.
Johannes Lambertus Adriana van de Snepscheut was a computer scientist and educator.
He was married to Mary A. Lu Gar and they had eight children.
          
He is a professor emeritus of Applied Physics and Electrical Engineering at Stanford University.
Otto Bernard Blackwell was an American electrical engineer known for his pioneer contributions to the art of telephone transmission.
He was elected a full member of the Hungarian Academy of Sciences, and a corresponding member of the Linnean Society of New South Wales.
He trained in Berlin and Zürich and graduated from Berlin in 1910.
The Bennett pinch is named after him.
A geomorphologist, he worked primarily in arid regions, and was one of the pioneers in explaining the forces that formed landmasses in those areas.
Charles Alexandre Lesueur was a French naturalist, artist and explorer.
He discovered the elements lanthanum, erbium and terbium.
Rezső Bálint was a Hungarian neurologist and psychiatrist.
Leopold Kronecker was a German mathematician who worked on number theory, algebra and logic.
Cavendish is noted for his discovery of hydrogen or what he called "inflammable air".
Reihaneh Safavi-Naini is the AITF Strategic Chair in Information Security at the University of Calgary, Canada.
He is also Emeritus Professor of Politics and Government at the University of Oxford and Emeritus Fellow of Brasenose College, Oxford.
Together they collected over 100,000 zoological specimens.
She is active in consulting with companies to improve their innovation management systems.
Young was educated at City of London School and Peterhouse, Cambridge.
In 1825 he published Considerations on Volcanos, leading to the establishment of a new theory of the Earth, and in the following year was elected FRS.
Konstantin Eduardovich Tsiolkovsky was a Russian and Soviet rocket scientist and pioneer of the astronautic theory.
From 1939-61 he was at Cornell University, first as an instructor, then from 1943 as assistant professor and from 1947 as full professor.
The results were favourable and Shivers, along with other employees set out to perfect the new polyester.
Further research along these lines led to the discovery of the Compton effect.
In 1988 the Rose-Hulman Institute of Technology established the Jean Bennett Award, given annually to a senior for excellence in optics.
David Robert Nygren is a particle physicist known for his invention of the time projection chamber.
The book was written over a period of five years.
McAulay took his degree in 1886, and began to reflect on the instruction of students in quaternion theory.
He graduated from University of California, Berkeley in 1953 with a Bachelor of Science.
Prior to this position she was the Dean of the College of Education at California State University at Sacramento.
William Vermillion Houston was an American physicist who made contributions to spectroscopy, quantum mechanics, and solid-state physics as well as being a teacher and administrator.
In 1924 he was elected as a Fellow of the American Statistical Association.
Since then, this structure has become essential to large areas of research in flocking, distributed control, clustering and image segmentation.
Weinberg's articles on various subjects occasionally appear in The New York Review of Books and other periodicals.
              
He delivered his last lecture in December 1997, just a few weeks before he died from a heart attack on January 7, 1998.
He was regarded by his colleagues as one of the greatest biologists of his day and Charles Darwin's successor.
Working with Bill Clinton, he helped to create USA.gov, which launched in 2000.
She was vigorous in body, mind and soul and applied herself to the subsistence life.
Hans-Adalbert Rürup is a German economist and former chairman of the German Council of Economic Experts.
King served as a professor of agricultural physics at the University of Wisconsin–Madison from 1888 until 1902.
He is a Fellow of the American Physical Society.
"—ran from 1994 to 1999 in national TV syndication.
He accurately identified the oil potential of the North Slope region of Alaska.
He inherited estates including Sutton Court from his father at three years of age.
He gave the definition of "computer virus".
In 1933 Hölder signed the Loyalty Oath of German Professors to Adolf Hitler and the National Socialist State.
Lady Bourne was an acclaimed botanical artist and she teamed up with other artists at Kodaikanal to produce illustrations of the local flora.
He was the tenth Treasurer in the history of the university.
His Frey curve, a construction of an elliptic curve from a purported solution to the Fermat equation, was central to Wiles' proof of Fermat's Last Theorem.
Arata started researching and publishing in the field of cold fusion around 1998, together with his colleague Yue Chang Zhang.
Several species of mollusk contain his name, including Fusinus kobelti, Cymatium kobelti and Hyalinia kobelti.
He was awarded the Linnean Medal in 1927.
The nation honoured him awarding Padma Bhushan in 1966 and Padma Vibhushan in 1972.
Aliu Babatunde Fafunwa was a Nigerian educationist, scholar and former minister for Education.
He was the second director of the University of New South Wales from 1953, continuing as vice-chancellor when the position's title was changed in 1955.
He is most widely known for his development of the bioceramic hydroxyapatite orbital implant.
Along with Rogan Kersh, Morone completed a college textbook on American government titled "By the People" with Oxford University Press in 2012.
Țițeica was elected correspondent of the Association of Sciences of Liège and doctor honoris causa of the University of Warsaw.
Abragam was elected a Foreign Honorary Member of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences in 1974.
While working with Ernst Foyn she published a paper on the radioactivity of seawater.
Rudolf Friedrich Alfred Clebsch was a German mathematician who made important contributions to algebraic geometry and invariant theory.
Blomstrand was a member of the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences from 1861.
          
Born in Mulhouse, France, he studied at the College of Neuchâtel, Switzerland as a student of Louis Agassiz.
Today, the unit for the two-photon absorption cross section is named the Goeppert Mayer unit.
Samuel Pierpont Langley was an American astronomer, physicist, inventor of the bolometer and pioneer of aviation.
He received honorary degrees from Brown University in 1938, and from Wesleyan in 1958.
He has also appeared in a number of TV and radio documentaries on astronomy and space weather.
Shortly after his graduation he entered upon an extensive tour to make collections for the University Museum.
In 1943, Mark Oliphant persuaded the Admiralty to release Massey to work on the Manhattan Project.
Robert Zubrin is an American aerospace engineer and author, best known for his advocacy of the manned exploration of Mars.
One of its applications was the sequencing of the human genome.
The other half was awarded to Paul Berg "for his fundamental studies of the biochemistry of nucleic acids, with particular regard to recombinant DNA".
Her main areas of research are compiler optimization and scheduling theory.
His Lectures on the Evolution of Plants was published in 1899, and became widely used as a botany textbook.
She often addressed the legal community, political leaders and the general public.
in 1973, and defended his Ph.D. thesis at Uppsala University in 1979.
In 1959 he discovered comet C/1959 Q1, the first comet discovered in Britain since 1894, and only five days later discovered another, C/1959 Q2.
          ω
He was the first to synthesize glycine.
For the Speaker of the Tennessee House of Representatives, see Edgar Bright Wilson.
He is Lloyd Viel Berkner Regental Professor in the School of Economic, Political and Policy Sciences at the University of Texas at Dallas.
He lives in Durham, Connecticut, where he raises sheep.
He is professor of theoretical physics at the City College of New York and CUNY Graduate Center.
Alonzo Church was an American mathematician and logician who made major contributions to mathematical logic and the foundations of theoretical computer science.
It was invented by Chuen Yan Cheng.
His later publications reflected his interests in the fields of geochronology, ore deposits, and meteorites.
He was the father of Borys Paton.
Rodrigue Tremblay is a Canadian economist, humanist and political figure.
John D. Mayer is an American psychologist at the University of New Hampshire.
He is currently a professor at Rutgers University where he chaired the Department of Computer Science from 2006 until 2009.
that increases in energy production efficiency leads to more not less consumption.
He was adviser of numerous outstanding scientists in Columbia University including Frederic Columbus Blake.
He studied at Marlborough College and Magdalen College, Oxford and was professor of zoology at the University of Birmingham and University College London.
He was a Senior Visiting Scholar at the University of East Anglia from 1970 to 1971.
He was the editor and co-author of the 1908 report on the 1906 San Francisco earthquake which became known as the "Lawson Report".
Within months, he enlisted in the Air Force, and only became involved in computer programming and surveying in 1957.
William John Swainson FLS, FRS, was an English ornithologist, malacologist, conchologist, entomologist and artist.
He became a Professor Emeritus there in 1990.
He founded journals such as Archiv für pathologische Anatomie und Physiologie und für klinische Medizin, and Zeitschrift für Ethnologie.
Wilhelm Henneberg was a German chemist and student of Justus von Liebig.
Tyrrell went into the gold-mining business in 1898, a career that would last more than 50 years.
Lieb was a Fulbright Fellow at Kyoto University, Japan and for some time worked as the Staff Theoretical Physicist for IBM.
James Alfred Van Allen was an American space scientist at the University of Iowa.
Adam Kendon is one of the world's foremost authorities on the topic of gesture.
Britiske, tyske og norske sosialpolitiske planer under annen verdenskrig.
Living at a time when vitamins were unknown, he asked and tried to answer the questions, "How many dietary essentials are there, and what are they?"
C. Sue Carter is a biologist and behavioral neurobiologist.
He visited the University of Cambridge during 1979 to perform studies on carbon materials.
Throughout most of his life he used the surname Lane Fox, under which his early archaeological reports are published.
George Gaylord Simpson was a US paleontologist.
He is also the co-inventor in Europe of Gaussian elimination.
          p
Brown's system had a set of four peep-holes and a camera that could slide up and down to look at each one.
Bryan, Bryan received his undergraduate education at the University of New Mexico and later obtained a Ph.D. from Yale University.
He has since conducted research in individual differences, genetics, and cognitive neuropsychology, publishing nearly 100 peer-reviewed scientific journal articles.
Together with Japetus Steenstrup, Johan Lange was the publisher of Flora Danica fasc.
He has given his name to the Mathieu functions, Mathieu groups and Mathieu transformation.
Hawley retired in 1963 and died two years later.
He was prime investigator of the space robot technology experiment ROTEX, the first remotely controlled robot in space, which flew onboard shuttle COLUMBIA in April 93.
He returned to the UR Laboratory of Laser Energetics in 1975 as Chief Optical Engineer, a position he held until 1982.
Neal Hooker Williams was a physicist notable for the very first spectroscopic measurements at microwave frequencies.
At any rate, Casaamata was the first to actually attempt the correction of aphakia by implanting a lens.
He was the founding dean of City of Hope's graduate school, the Irell & Manella Graduate School of Biological Sciences.
The notion of normal family was a predecessor of the notion of compact space introduced by Pavel Alexandrov and Pavel Urysohn in 1929.
Rall developed the use of cable theory in neuroscience, as well as passive and active compartmental modeling of the neuron.
Caspar-Klug theory has played an important part in shaping the subsequent study of viruses and other macromolecular assemblies.
A native of Connecticut, he was a member of the first graduating class of Birmingham High School in Derby, Connecticut in 1877.
Seki laid foundations for the subsequent development of Japanese mathematics known as wasan; and he has been described as "Japan's Newton".
Pearson was also a protégé and biographer of Sir Francis Galton.
He worked for two years as a postdoctoral fellow at the University of London.
Ansari Chair in Theoretical Physics at Centre for Theoretical Physics, Jamia Millia Islamia, Delhi.
Elkhonon Goldberg is a neuropsychologist and cognitive neuroscientist known for his work in hemispheric specialization and the "novelty-routinization" theory.
He took little notice of nationality differences.
In 1907 he made a second attempt in the company of E. E. Galpin who had previously accompanied him on cycad-hunting trips to the Eastern Cape.
His successful progress vindicated his choice of mathematics, and in 1886 he was elected Fellow of the college.
He was born as Hippolyte Mège, the son of a primary school teacher, but later added his mother's surname to his own.
He studied geology at the Imperial College of Science and Technology in London; his twin brother David Williams also became a geologist.
Born in Carrickfergus, Ireland and educated at Sedbergh School, he received a Bachelor of Arts in geology from the University of Cambridge.
At the time of his death in 1989 he was the owner of one of the most important fine arts collections in Galicia.
He has published more than 100 research articles, written or coauthored six books, and edited three conference proceedings.
Dan Jason is a Canadian active in food politics, as an opponent of genetically modified foods and proponent of heirloom plants and seedbanks.
Mason's mathematical research interests included differential equations, the calculus of variations, and electromagnetic theory.
In 2007, he was named to the MIT Technology Review TR35 as one of the top 35 innovators in the world under the age of 35.
While at the National Climate Data Center he was also the Director of the U.S.
He was a high school valedictorian and graduated from Princeton University in 1960.
Brian Ellis is an Emeritus Professor in the philosophy department at La Trobe University in Victoria, Australia.
For over thirty years he had suffered from Parkinson's disease, and this eventually killed him on 1 January 1958.
In his latter years his productive activity fell off, doubtless through failing health, and he died suddenly at Tübingen on 1 April 1872.
He received the Franklin Medal in 1990.
His research focuses on improving managerial decision making in complex systems.
He discovered and demonstrated precisely the optimal sites on the chest for defibrillation or pacing.
          
In 1810 he was appointed Professor of Anatomy and Physiology at the University of Berlin, a position he held until his death.
Buckingham believed this occurred due to the self-mulching behaviour exhibited by the soil under arid conditions.
He co-founded San Jose, California-based Chaparral Communications.
Rivers's most famous patient was the poet Siegfried Sassoon, with whom he remained close friends until his own sudden death.
Afterwards, he turned his attention to inventions.
Karl Joseph Eberth was a German pathologist and bacteriologist who was a native of Würzburg.
Jerry became Dean of the College in July 2003.
He was noted for bringing a Marxist perspective to the study of power, class and relations between planters and slaves in the South.
Science, diet, and health were central themes in his professional and private lives.
Dr. McKelvey was named chief geologist of the Geological Survey in 1971 shortly before he became its ninth director, a post he held through 1977.
Joshi's graduate work was done in the electrical engineering department at the University of Pennsylvania, and he was awarded his PhD in 1960.
His influence played a role in the Ford V8 and Eifel being assembled in Hungary from 1935.
His daughter, Jane, was born on November 27, 1937.
His work on electrical diagnostics led to applications of electric fields to control combustion and improve understanding of ionisation and soot formation.
was a dermatoglyphics specialist, considered to be the father of dermatoglyphics.
Driven by his desire for travel and the up-and-coming art of photography, he visited Italy and Germany.
Born on Cañon City, Colorado, Allen was educated at Brown University.
The 'Robert Shackleton Award for Outstanding Precambrian Research in Africa' is the flagship award of the Geological Society of Africa.
After 1948, Stebbins continued his research at Lick Observatory until his final retirement in 1958.
Konrad Hermann Theodor Knopp was a German mathematician who worked on generalized limits and complex functions.
Birch put together the context in which the Gross–Zagier theorem was proved; the correspondence is now published.
In The Illusion of Conscious Will and other works, he argued controversially that the human sense of free will is an illusion.
Sir Richard Vynne Southwell, FRS was a British mathematician who specialised in applied mechanics as an engineering science academic.
De Moivre first discovered Binet's formula, the closed-form expression for Fibonacci numbers linking the nth power of the golden ratio φ to the nth Fibonacci number.
He was the SLAC director from 1984 to 1999.
He was elected a Fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences in 1915.
Giuseppe Piazzi was an Italian Catholic priest of the Theatine order, mathematician, and astronomer.
He was elected a fellow of the Engineering Institute of Canada in 2001 and was awarded the Médaille K. Y.
He then worked for two years as superintendent of the Urbana public schools.
Johann Jakob Balmer was a Swiss mathematician and mathematical physicist.
He also leads the VIDAL, Vitamin D and longevity study.
This would occur despite China sharing a Communist ideology with the Soviet Union.
Persuaded by Earl Wilbur Sutherland, Jr., he joined Case Western Reserve University School of Medicine for an MD-PhD course.
Hedwig is commemorated both by the moss genus Hedwigia as well as a journal Hedwigia.
Quigg's contributions range over many topics in particle physics.
Her expertise involves canopy ecology, canopy plant-insect relationships, and constructing canopy walkways.
He went on to win the Royal Medal of the Royal Society in 1971 and the Copley Medal in 1979.
He obtained his PhD at Princeton University in 1978.
She leads the imaging science team on the Cassini mission currently in orbit around Saturn.
In recent times, this has involved research in computational group theory and pro-p groups.
He soon acquired a large fortune, much of which he donated to the public.
He was Past President of the International Institute of Public Finance.
She graduated from Bridgewater State College, earned a master's degree at Cornell University and a Ph.D. at Harvard where she specialized in shipworm research.
Jones collects data on software quality, software risks, and software best practices.
Barbara Anna Schaal American scientist, evolutionary biologist, is a professor at Washington University in St. Louis and vice president of the National Academy of Sciences.
He developed a neoprene suit which could trap the water between the body and the neoprene, and thereby keep them warm.
Henry arranged Mond's first temporary accommodation in Widnes at the Mersey Inn.
He received INFORMS' 1994 George E. Kimball Medal.
She has worked with Robert May and other leading biologists, including Helder Queiroz, whom she advised.
Weissman was a member of the United States National Academy of Sciences.
He retired from Bell Labs in 1992 after a 40-year career during which he contributed to many areas of experimental physics.
He is a coauthor of Homological Methods in Commutative Algebra.
In May 2017, Columbia University announced that she would be joining Columbia as director of their Data Sciences Institute.
He was on the Board of Governors of the Atlantic Provinces Economic Council from 1997-2003 and served as Vice-President from 1998-2000.
Roman Juszkiewicz was a Polish astrophysicist whose work concerned fundamental issues of cosmology.
Here he made important investigations on galvanic polarization and the rapidity of sound waves.
He was the founding chairman of Rice's Computer Science Department.
He was born into a wealthy family of French origin.
Johann August Ludwig Preiss was a German-born British botanist and zoologist.
He retired as the Knox Taylor Professor emeritus of geology and professor of geosciences at Princeton University.
He was director of the Copenhagen Botanical Garden and Botanical Museum during the same period.
This principle he endeavoured to deduce from his knowledge of geology, in contrast to Lorenz Oken, who developed the same theory on biological grounds.
He is also known for the Bristol cylinder, a wave energy converter.
He was elected to the CHI Academy in 2006, and regularly serves on the ACM SIGCHI and UIST conference program committees.
She received the Maria Goeppert Mayer award from the American Physical Society for her outstanding contributions to neutron star astrophysics.
His study of the Fabrician types resulted in his "Hemiptera Fabriciana".
Stoof has been involved in the study of various aspects of the physics of ultracold atomic gases.
He is most noted for formulating Lenz's law in electrodynamics in 1834.
His father Hellmuth Kneser and grandfather Adolf Kneser were also mathematicians.
He is also currently the Head of Chair of History and Theory of Armenian Art at Yerevan State University.
In 1974 he founded the International Institute of Cellular and Molecular Pathology in Brussels, eventually renamed the de Duve Institute in 2005.
He also fired off exploding rockets to keep any hostile natives at bay.
Schubert tutored Adolf Hurwitz at the Realgymnasium Andreanum in Hildesheim, Hanover, and arranged for Hurwitz to study under Felix Klein at University.
Hjelt organized the training of the Finnish Jäger troops in Germany.
His first wife and the mother of his children was Mary Perrin whom he married in 1825.
Alemseged discovered Selam while working with the Dikika Research Project, a multi-national research project, which he both initiated in 1999 and leads.
He then returned to Sweden, where he became professor of medicine and botany at Uppsala.
Hsien Wu was a Chinese protein scientist.
Obviously, questions of nepotism were in play when he applied for an assistantship already in 1925, which he didn't get.
In 1869 he was elected as a member of the Académie des sciences.
He is a pioneer in high-resolution relectron microscopy technique and is very well known in his field.
Schnorr's contributions to cryptography include his study of Schnorr groups, which are used in the digital signature algorithm bearing his name.
Other topics Sonin studied include Bernoulli polynomials and approximate computation of definite integrals, continuing Chebyshev's work on numerical integration.
They had at least three sons and a daughter.
In 1955 he was elected as Academician of Academia Sinica, Republic of China.
He has been professor-in-residence or visiting scientist in France, Spain, Cuba, Switzerland, Russia, and the United States.
He has approximately 300 peer-reviewed academic publications and holds around 20 patents.
A sixth series entitled Non-equilibrium Statistical Mechanics was released in June 2016.
He collected measuring instruments of all kinds and performed many physics demonstrations, particularly those illustrating the discoveries of Robert Boyle.
Mihaela Miroiu is a Romanian political theorist and feminist philosopher.
He is a uniformed/armed volunteer for the Maricopa County, Arizona Sheriff's office.
Brahmagupta was an Indian mathematician and astronomer.
He was elected President of the Royal Statistical Society in 1934 and awarded its Guy Medal in Gold in 1945.
He has published scientific articles on absolute pitch, music cognition, and neuroscience.
At the same time, Samoilenko, together with his disciple M. O. Perestyuk, published the well-known monograph devoted to the theory of impulsive differential equations.
that the origin of the dipping zone of seismicity beneath the Aleutian arc occurs along a megathrust above underthrusting oceanic crust and its sedimentary cover;
In 1795, when he returned to France, Broussonet’s name was removed from the list of political refugees, and he regained possession of his property.
Bancroft Gherardi Jr. was a noted American electrical engineer, known for his pioneering work in developing the early telephone systems in the United States.
Günther Enderlein was a German zoologist, entomologist and later a manufacturer of pharmaceutical products.
Tani Barlow is a scholar of feminism, postcoloniality, and history in Asia and most specifically in China.
Author of numerous papers on the origin and early history of the Solar System, notably his modifications of the collision theory.
He is the author of more than 170 publications and 25 patents, and has given over 250 invited talks.
A monarchist opposed to the French revolution, imprisoned in 1792, Parseval later fled the country for publishing poetry critical of the government of Napoleon.
Coenraad Jacob Temminck was a Dutch aristocrat, zoologist, and museum director.
He is best known for his influential 1983 monograph, Evolution of Sex Determining Mechanisms.
Both ended up in Venice, Florida at Huffman Aviation, where they entered the Accelerated Pilot Program.
His research addresses networks of small, embedded wireless devices, planetary-scale internet services, parallel computer architecture, parallel programming languages, and high performance communication.
He also invented the arsenic treatment of syphilis and the antimony treatment of many tropical diseases, and was an influential promoter of cancer research.
Lightman was the first professor at MIT to receive a joint appointment in the sciences and the humanities.
Brüggen Glacier in the Southern Patagonian Ice Field is named after him.
Marty Ralph Klein is an American sex therapist, author, educator and public policy analyst.
A process that is driven by negative energy will increase order with time, such as all forms of life tend to do.
They returned with 25,000 specimens, resulting in the description of 128 new species and 28 new genera.
Thomas Ferguson is an American political scientist and author who writes on politics and economics, often within a historical perspective.
He is known for his work on the organization of computer systems, on parallel processing and SARA.
Markus Guenther Kuhn is a German computer scientist, currently working at the Computer Laboratory, University of Cambridge and a Fellow of Wolfson College, Cambridge.
He ascended to assistant hurricane specialist and Tropical Satellite and Analysis Center meteorologist in 1990 before becoming a hurricane specialist in 1993.
André Lichnerowicz was a noted French differential geometer and mathematical physicist of Polish descent.
He was lecturer in statistics at University College London from 1969 to 1978.
His biographer Otto Guglia named him the "first anational European" and the "Linnaeus of the Austrian Empire".
Willett married Dorothy Bachman Lloyd and had three daughters and two sons.
            n
He was elected to the National Academy of Sciences in 2001.
His formative experiences as Christian missionary and educator in early 20th century China shaped his life's work.
John Nash is the only one to be awarded both the Nobel Memorial Prize in Economic Sciences and the Abel Prize.
He has published more than sixty professional articles and several books.
He was until his death the chairman of the Center for the Study of Human Rights at Columbia University.
In 1952 he was awarded the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in recognition "for his discovery of "streptomycin," the first antibiotic active against tuberculosis."
Gregorio Marañón y Posadillo was a Spanish physician, scientist, historian, writer and philosopher.
Recently several French editions of Les Rêves has been published.
Mitchell Jay Feigenbaum is a mathematical physicist whose pioneering studies in chaos theory led to the discovery of the Feigenbaum constants.
Weismann's ideas preceded the rediscovery of Gregor Mendel's work, and though Weismann was cagey about accepting Mendelism, younger workers soon made the connection.
"A new method of human CNS exploration"
He called these factors "source traits" because he believed they provide the underlying source for the observable "surface" behaviors we think of as personality.
Jesse William Lazear was an American physician.
He wrote Flora of the Southern United States, the first comprehensive description of US plants in any region beyond the northeastern states.
In 1949 he moved to Minsk with his parents.
During World War I she helped the state of Wisconsin to plan how to join in the national efforts towards conserving food.
Moseley was shot and killed during the Battle of Gallipoli on 10 August 1915, at the age of 27.
In 1971 he was a founding member of the Department of Computer Science at the University of Colorado.
Amongst many other achievements, he defined a unit of radiation dosage which was later named after him as an SI unit, the gray.
He was also awarded the Hughes Medal two days before his death.
In 1918, while continuing his work for the Paraense Museum, he collaborated with the Rio de Janeiro Botanical Garden and the Instituto Agronômico do Norte.
Henry Augustus Pilsbry was an American biologist, malacologist and carcinologist, among other areas of study.
Freud lived and worked in Vienna, having set up his clinical practice there in 1886.
Kalven is the author of a number of seminal books and articles.
Tiberius Cavallo was an Italian physicist and natural philosopher.
His interest in natural history resulted in his being one of the first prominent scientists to raise concerns over the environmental impact of human activity.
In 1961, he married Czech screenwriter Milena Jelinek.
She, along with her husband, created the first German opinion-polling body.
Recently he retired from Lockheed Martin as a Technical Fellow in the position of Chief Scientist for Optical Systems.
The name of the element was derived from the Latin “cadmia” and the Greek “kadmeia,” both ancient names for calamine.
Raised on both sides of the Atlantic, Pitts felt at home in France as much as in the United States.
He is known for his great contribution to holography, in particular for the so-called "Denisyuk hologram".
In December 1845 he became Chief Engineer of Mines of the Sèvres porcelain manufactory and worked on improved methods of manufacturing ceramics.
Vincenzo Tanara or Tanari was an Italian agronomist and gastronome.
Weichselbaum was a son-in-law to chemist Franz Schneider.
On 22 July 1789, his friend Berthier, held responsible for the current famine, was lynched and dragged through the streets before his eyes.
Jean Dausset died on June 6, 2009 in Majorca, Spain, at the age of 92.
Evelyn Boyd Granville was the second African-American woman to receive a Ph.D. in mathematics from an American University; she earned it in 1949 from Yale University.
Since 1979, Igor and Grichka Bogdanov have been widely known in France as television-show hosts.
In 1856 he published a comprehensive study on suicide, titled Du suicide et de la folie suicide.
He is well-known for his work on the effects of chronic stress, having coined the term allostatic load.
He was a founder of population genetics alongside Ronald Fisher and J.B.S.
In addition, he was a founder of the Alachua Audubon Society and Florida Defenders of the Environment.
His papers are archived at the Smithsonian Institution and the Rhode Island Historical Society.
He is also the current president of the Victoria Institute.
Brian O'Brien was an optical physicist and "the founder of the Air Force Studies Board and its chairman for 12 years.
In the late 1950s, he became interested in Brillouin scattering, and attempted to build a laser, though Theodore Maiman succeeded in doing so first.
In 1944 he moved to Germany and later in 1952 to the United States, and lived there till his death.
Among other subjects, he studied exogamy and the incest taboo.
She studied them daily in the mountain forests of Rwanda, initially encouraged to work there by anthropologist Louis Leakey.
As well as being a Fulbright Scholar, he was also an honorary research fellow and visiting professor at Harvard University.
This formulation is often referred to as the Jordan–Brans–Dicke scalar–tensor theory of gravity.
Schnorr is a professor of mathematics and computer science at the Johann Wolfgang Goethe university at Frankfurt.
He became a Professor of Mathematics at the Federal Polytechnic School in Zurich, today the ETH Zurich, specializing in descriptive geometry.
He was best known for his work on the "geometrical theory of diffraction".
He was the Samuel Rudin Distinguished Visiting Professorship at Columbia University from 1979 to 1980.
María de los Ángeles Alvariño González was a Spanish fishery research biologist and oceanographer globally recognized as an authority in plankton biology.
Carsten Erik Olsen was a Danish plant ecologist and plant physiologist, who pioneered the study of plant nutrition in soils of different pH.
He attended high school in Owen Sound, then taught for three years following his graduation.
He is Chair of the Cyprus Research and Educational Foundation.
His current research is in the area of algorithms for constrained optimization and interior point methods for linear and nonlinear programming.
Edward Herbert Thompson was an American-born archaeologist and diplomat.
She has a school named after her in the town of Busselton, Western Australia.
He was the son of Karl Georg Friedrich Rudolf Leuckart a renowned German zoologist.
Formerly senior cryptographer at Entrust, he is currently a professor at the University of Ottawa.
He is regarded as one of the most influential archaeologists in North America in the 20th century.
He is buried in the 10th Division of the Père Lachaise Cemetery of Paris.
He had close personal ties to many of the greatest Japanese literary names of the early 20th century and wrote occasional articles for the Asahi Shimbun.
Pierre Curie was a French physicist, a pioneer in crystallography, magnetism, piezoelectricity and radioactivity.
He spent most of his career at the University of Washington, where he became full professor and then emeritus professor in psychology.
Applied Mathematics in 1977, and PhD Statistics from Stanford University in 1981.
Cornelis de Jode was a cartographer, engraver and publisher from Antwerp.
D'Hervey was also one of the earliest oneirologists, and is nowadays regarded as "The Father" of modern lucid dreaming.
Since 1986 he has been married to Dr. Joan Schmelz, a fellow scientist whose specialty is solar astronomy, specifically Coronal loops.
David Harold Blackwell was Professor Emeritus of Statistics at the University of California, Berkeley, and is one of the eponyms of the Rao–Blackwell theorem.
In 1942 Tindale joined the Royal Australian Air Force and was assigned the rank of Wing Commander.
Leo Königsberger was a German mathematician, and historian of science.
Marie Tharp was an American geologist and oceanographic cartographer who, in partnership with Bruce Heezen, created the first scientific map of the entire ocean floor.
Since 2005, he has been based at the University of New South Wales and the University of Adelaide.
Holbrook took advantage of this loss to better his work in various ways.
In 1891, at age 77, he became a lecturer in astronomy at Stanford University.
Harry Rozmiarek died in Boston, Massachusetts on June 15, 2013.
He was one of the pioneers who helped to lay the foundations of relational databases.
He was then appointed lecturer in organic chemistry at the University of Cape Town.
Papaloizou is a professor at the Department of Applied Mathematics and Theoretical Physics at the University of Cambridge.
Richard S. Wallace is an American author of AIML and Botmaster of A.L.I.C.E..
Barnaba Oriani was an Italian priest, geodesist, astronomer and scientist.
The Way We Think: Conceptual Blending and the Mind's Hidden Complexities
          
Red Whittaker is a roboticist and research professor of robotics at Carnegie Mellon University.
He was most recently a professor emeritus at Pennsylvania State University.
John Keill was a Scottish mathematician, academic and author who was an important disciple of Isaac Newton.
He was appointed as the first director of the Rhodes-Livingstone Institute in Northern Rhodesia in May 1938, having been recommended by Hailey and Lugard.
His older brother, Ludwig von Mises, held an opposite point of view with respect to positivism and epistemology.
He served as Secretary of Conservation, as well as Professor Emeritus, at the University of Alabama, till his death in 1977 in Huntsville, Alabama.
His family returned to England after the First World War.
                
Ball is listed as an ISI highly cited researcher.
Kurt Schütte was a German mathematician who worked on proof theory and ordinal analysis.
Daniel Shanks was an American mathematician who worked primarily in numerical analysis and number theory.
is used to indicate this individual as the author when citing a botanical name.
His books included Ancient Woodland and The History of the Countryside.
One is a result from his doctoral thesis in proof theory, and the other one half of the Herbrand–Ribet theorem.
In 1967 he took up a post as an assistant lecturer at the University of Strathclyde.
He suggested that they were produced by the action of rivers, winds, and ice, as well as by marine sedimentation.
He is considered the most important Chilean historian of the 19th century.
He is also currently a principal research scientist at the National Research Council of Canada.
In 1886, he installed the first anti-rabies clinic in Saint Petersburg.
In 1903, with Ernst Gehrcke, he developed the Lummer–Gehrcke interferometer.
Since 2009, she has been Director of the Smithsonian Institution’s National Museum of African Art, located in Washington, DC.
His uncle, Henry McLean Aird was a prominent educator in Utah.
        1
Dolan first came to the University of Florida in 1989 to begin her career as an assistant professor.
This algorithm has been implemented in both GAP and MAGMA.
Ernst Kretschmer was a German psychiatrist who researched the human constitution and established a typology.
He has advised around 36 postdoctoral fellows, 65 Ph.D. students, and 46 M.S students over 40 years.
In 1936 he was hired as a research chemist by E.I.
In 1914 he consulted as a radio engineer for the Atlantic Communication Company, and for the General Electric Company from 1915-1917.
Alexander Shtromas was a prominent Lithuanian political scientist, dissident, professor and author.
Two symptoms have the name Algoneurodystrophy and the aortic iliac obliteration.
Walter B. Jones Hall still houses the Geological Survey of Alabama on the University of Alabama campus.
He was elected a Fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences in 1970.
              
Ignác Goldziher, often credited as Ignaz Goldziher, was a Hungarian scholar of Islam.
Partly because he could speak good German, he became a friend of Ludwig Mond when the latter came to work in the company in 1862.
The bossou chimpanzee community consists of about 12 individuals and has been studied by Japanese researchers for three decades.
She was awarded the sixth International Society for Transgenic Technologies Prize in 2008 for "outstanding contributions to the field of transgene technologies".
He was conscripted into the navy and, after the war ended, joined the group of Hideki Yukawa at Kyoto University.
in mathematics and a Ph.D. in biology from Dalhousie University in Nova Scotia, Canada.
He has been a co-organizer of several Automated reasoning challenges, including The Modal Logic $100 Challenge, The MPTP $100 Challenges, and The SUMO $100 Challenges.
   using Bessel functions, and showed that 
He is an editor-in-chief of the Ukrainian Matemathical Journal, Nonlinear Oscillations journal and the Ukrainian Mathematical Bulletin.
Her research has focused on the treatment of Parkinson's disease and Alzheimer's disease.
He had married Grace Tuckett; they had at least four children.
He qualified as a doctor of medicine in 1881 at the University of Vienna.
Rarita taught physics at Brooklyn College for 32 years before he became a visiting scientist in the theory group at LBNL.
From 1900 to 1909, Abraham worked at Göttingen as a privatdozent, an unpaid lecturing position.
He had already published two original geometrical works when, in 1746, he entered J.B. Homann's cartographic establishment at Nuremberg.
Previously, he was an economist at Google.
The main-belt asteroid 1673 van Houten was named in his honor.
Lionel Giles was a British scholar and translator.
He was born in Marseille, France and died in La Bauche, Savoie, France.
Consciousness could be a process based on negative energy.
Sir James Gray, MC CBE FRS was a British zoologist who helped establish the field of cytology.
Jearl Walker is a physicist noted for his book Flying Circus of Physics, first published in 1975; the second edition was published in June 2006.
She established core resources for the study of development, including the Minnesota Transracial Adoption Study and the Minnesota Adolescent Adoption Study.
In 1930, he received the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine.
Mark Embree is professor of computational and applied mathematics [1] at Virginia Tech in Blacksburg, Virginia.
He joined as Director, Indian Agricultural Research Institute, New Delhi in April 2002.
The unit of frequency — cycle per second — was named the "hertz" in his honor.
Russell was on the original Indiana Board of Auctioneers and served as chairman.
        
Shen Kuo wrote several other books besides the Dream Pool Essays, yet much of the writing in his other books has not survived.
MacPherson previously taught at Brown University, the University of Paris, and the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.
Burgess received his BA degree from the University of Durham in 1971 and his PhD degree from the University of Warwick in 1981.
Laflamme is currently a Canada Research Chair in Quantum Information.
They introduced exact and logical thinking into the brand new discipline of cybernetics and were highly influential.
In August 2012, he was appointed interim Dean of the graduate college.
Christopher Edmund Broome was a British mycologist.
Karl Spencer Lashley was a psychologist and behaviorist remembered for his contributions to the study of learning and memory.
Valenciennes was born in Paris, and studied under Georges Cuvier.
Daudel was a founding member and Honorary President of the International Academy of Quantum Molecular Science.
Jack Levin specializes in research on murder, prejudice and hate, sociology of aging and sociology of conflict at Northeastern University in Boston, Massachusetts.
Clara Immerwahr was a German chemist of Jewish descent.
He is best known as one of the first to describe the Higgs mechanism, and for his research on topological defects.
He contributed to cytogenetics by his works on the roundworm Ascaris.
He was fond of country pursuits, and one of his interests, unusual for a mathematician, was Hebrew.
Examples of such are elections, transport systems, lectures, conferences, and monetary systems, all of which have properties of interest to those who are logically inclined.
Cherry Logan Emerson, Sr. was an American engineer and academic administrator.
Hermann Kolbe, was a seminal contributor in the birth of modern organic chemistry.
He was born on the island of Mohn, which is today known by its Estonian name Muhu, in present-day Estonia.
Later he was appointed in leading roles: in 1922, vice-president of the scientific section, in 1928, vice-president and in 1929 secretary general.
His single most celebrated contribution was the discovery and theory of solitons.
The 3rd of June 2014, he created the International Centre for Molecular Gastronomy AgroParisTech-INRA, of which he was appointed the Director.
Among other contributions, he developed the total variation diminishing scheme, which gives an oscillation free solution for flow with shocks.
The lab was transferred from SRI to Tymshare in the late 1970s, which was acquired by McDonnell Douglas in 1984, and NLS was renamed Augment.
Before only the Mighty Sparrow had more wins in that competition, until 2009 when Chalkdust also achieved eight wins in the Calypso Monarch.
L3 started to ship in 1989, with total deployment of at least 500.
He received from Stanford in 1977 under the tutelage of Robert Helliwell.
He is known for his work on algebraic topology.
David Rolfe Graeber is an American-born, London-based anthropologist and anarchist activist, perhaps best known for his 2011 volume Debt: The First 5000 Years.
The Beilby Medal and Prize is named in his honour.
He and Nettie Maria Stevens were the first researchers to describe the chromosomal basis of sex, but they conducted their research independently of each other.
He was a pioneer in research linking smoking to health problems.
His work on molds was a precursor to the formal discovery of penicillin.
Born in National City, California, Robinson was the youngest of four children of a lawyer and a teacher.
Sher's research has been mentioned in the Chicago Tribune, Psychology Today, on Chicago Public Radio, and published in several leading psychology journals.
He graduated from Washington State University and received his MD degree from the University of Washington, School of Medicine in Seattle.
Christopher Dye FRS, FMedSci is Director of Strategy in the Office of the Director General at the World Health Organization.
His academic work includes the online publication Encyclopedia of Polyhedra, the textbook Multidimensional Analysis, and the instruction book Zome Geometry.
He collected many of the specimens from which the species was first described.
He was a professor at the MIT Sloan School of Management.
Forster was a central figure of the Enlightenment in Germany, and corresponded with most of its adherents, including his close friend Georg Christoph Lichtenberg.
In addition to his work on supernovae, he has also worked extensively on the spectroscopic studies of Active Galactic Nuclei.
However, he did discover approximately 500 new objects.
Born in a diplomatic family, he was a fluent speaker of English and German since he was a child.
He retired in 1984 and suffered a brainstem stroke in 1987.
The results were published in Nature Physics.
In 2012 he became a fellow of the American Mathematical Society.
Professor Rarity is a member of the Quantum Computation and Information group and quantum photonics at the University of Bristol.
He is an expert in psychophysiology, neuroscience, biological psychology, and with his colleague John Cacioppo, a founding father of social neuroscience.
Hans Ernst August Buchner was a German bacteriologist who was born and raised in Munich.
As a graduate student he demonstrated that benzodiazepines augment GABA-A receptor function, which represents a seminal discovery in neuroscience.
More than five million copies of his books have been printed in different languages.
Using this process, he subsequently discovered and identified a family of proteins that plays a key role in controlling normal blood cell development.
Some of his verses were published in The Atlantic Monthly.
Niccolò Zucchi was an Italian Jesuit, astronomer, and physicist.
He is also on the board of the Pioneer Fund, which funds Mankind Quarterly, and has also been described as racist in nature.
He was born in Boulder, Colorado, and educated at the University of Colorado and MIT.
In 1850, he also undertook one of the earliest and most extensive American microscopic investigations of cholera.
Deuring was a fellow of the Leopoldina.
Simultaneously, he became director of Alexander School of Business, which post he held until 1907, and spent much time working for secondary education system.
Leo Breiman was a distinguished statistician at the University of California, Berkeley.
By the time Schonland retired, the Botany Department and Rhodes University had become an established centre of taxonomic research and learning in South Africa.
He became well recognized in municipal politics and eventually, developed an interest in lensmaking.
            
Pauling was one of the founders of the fields of quantum chemistry and molecular biology.
Liesegang oHG, Düsseldorf, he also owned a factory producing photographic paper and chemicals.
Stanisław Gołąb was a Polish mathematician from Kraków, working in particular on the field of affine geometry.
This task took almost three years to complete, the honours of driving in the last peg being shared with assistant John Carruthers.
He was director of the BioMolecular Engineering Research Center at Boston University for twenty years and is now professor emeritus.
For the neighborhood in São Paulo, see Osvaldo Cruz.
              
He was born in Philadelphia, United States, in a Jewish family of Lithuanian extraction.
Karl Kehrle OBE, known as Brother Adam, was a Benedictine monk, beekeeper, and an authority on bee breeding, developer of the Buckfast bee.
Shalizi writes a popular science blog "Three-Toed Sloth".
Daniel Charles Drucker was an authority on the theory of plasticity in the field of applied mechanics.
Miron Livny is a senior researcher and professor specializing in distributed computing at the University of Wisconsin–Madison.
    {\displaystyle S=K\ln I}
His work is cited or referenced by many.
As professor emeritus, she continued to be active in research, lecturing, and writing until 1984.
After demobilisation in 1947 he was invited to become Director of Pathology at the UCL Institute of Ophthalmology, a position he held for 30 years.
Yuri L. Ershov is Editor in Chief of the Siberian Mathematical Journal and Editor in Chief of the journal Algebra i Logika.
After completing his Ph.D. in 1904 he served as an agricultural explorer United States Department of Agriculture visiting Russia, Central Asia and Algeria.
One of his influential articles is "The Strategy of Model Building in Population Biology".
He later discovered his first nova, Nova Delphini 1967, which turned out to have an unusual light-curve.
Vincenty's studies were interrupted by World War II, and he eventually arrived in a displaced persons camp.
Gordon Kidd Teal was an American engineer.
Marcus Thomas Pius Gilbert is an evolutionary biologist.
He is also known for his work in the theory of statistical inference and in multivariate analysis.
He died in Paris in 1832, 41 years old.
She led the project that excavated and raised the Tudor warship Mary Rose in 1982.
John Turberville Needham FRS was an English biologist and Roman Catholic priest.
John Sampson Toll was an American physicist and educational administrator.
Regen was born in the hamlet of Lajše and became interested in insect sounds as a child.
After retiring from DuPont, he formed his own consulting company.
He was also the coauthor of a textbook in general mathematics which was very popular in the 1960s and 1970s.
The challenges met by pre-revolutionary France led to Broussonet’s decision to abandon the science of ichthyology.
He entered Novosibirsk State University in 1972, when he was 17 years old.
On 11 November 2007, he died after a series of strokes.
He is also a Howard Hughes medical Investigator at the Howard Hughes Medical Institute.
He has published over 300 articles, mostly in the field of solar system dynamics and celestial mechanics.
Temple Chair of Science in the Physics Department at the University of Houston College of Natural Sciences and Mathematics.
Aashif Sheikh is an Indian film actor and producer.
        +
The most well known of these is his biography of fellow Cambridge astronomer Fred Hoyle.
He also fought with laser manufacturers in court battles to enforce the patents he subsequently did obtain.
Tomás Joaquín de Acosta y Pérez de Guzmán was a Colombian explorer, historian, chorographer, and geologist.
In his thesis, Fraïssé used the back-and-forth method to determine whether two model-theoretic structures were elementarily equivalent.
Wallace returned in 1852, but lost his collection on the return voyage when his ship caught fire.
This concept became important to the modelling of racial difference in the early twentieth century.
Jung's researches and personal vision, however, made it impossible for him to bend to his older colleague's doctrine and a breach became inevitable.
In 2011, he was inducted as a Fellow of the Association for Computing Machinery.
She retired to, and continues to thrive in, Hawaii.
degree in Helicopter Engineering from Washington University in St. Louis.
In July 2012 she was appointed as a Science Fellow of the Institute for Food, Brain and Behaviour
He is a professor of mathematics at McGill University and a Fellow of the Royal Society of Canada.
Dr. Edward Fredkin is a distinguished career professor at Carnegie Mellon University, Pennsylvania, and an early pioneer of Digital physics.
Karl Georg Friedrich Rudolf Leuckart was a German zoologist born in Helmstedt.
Kermit Lance Hall was a noted legal historian and university president.
He completed his earliest publication, "Galena Hill, Mayo District, Yukon”, in 1925 as a graduate student.
Augustus Stinchfield was also asked to join the medical practice in 1892 by William Worrall Mayo.
and Genius: The Life and Science of Richard Feynman by James Gleick.
When his business with Saunders ended, he started the Germantown Nurseries, which became Thomas Meehan & Sons in 1896.
His major scientific work Hétérogénie was published in 1859.
Archimedes died during the Siege of Syracuse when he was killed by a Roman soldier despite orders that he should not be harmed.
Henry Deacon was a chemist and industrialist who established a chemical factory in Widnes, Lancashire, England.
Tyndall also published more than a dozen science books which brought state-of-the-art 19th century experimental physics to a wide audience.
His life is described in a chapter of the book Out of Their Minds: The Lives and Discoveries of 15 Great Computer Scientists.
Polanyi's first academic appointment was at the University of Toronto, and he remains there as of 2017.
M. S. Raghunathan is an Indian mathematician.
George P. Fletcher is the Cardozo Professor of Jurisprudence at Columbia University School of Law.
Born in Zürich, he was educated at Zürich and Berlin universities.
George Claude Pimentel was the inventor of the chemical laser.
In 1965, Glass became the first Academic Vice-President and Professor of Biological Sciences at the State University of New York at Stony Brook.
He later was appointed clinical professor of pediatrics at Columbia University.
Willgodt Theophil Odhner was a Swedish engineer and entrepreneur, working in St. Petersburg, Russia.
Yuri Vladimirovich Matiyasevich, is a Russian mathematician and computer scientist.
He studied medicine in L'Assistance Publique des Hopitaux de Paris.
In 2008 he was honored with the Sarlo mentoring award by the University of California Berkeley.
After he returned to Britain in 1941, he became an assistant to Rudolf Peierls, working on "Tube Alloys"—the British atomic bomb project.
Low on water and unable to locate Joanna Spring, innocently mismapped by Warburton, they made a desperate dash for the Fitzroy River.
While there, he devised an ingenious method of extracting nutrients from agricultural wastes to prevent malnutrition among his fellow POWs.
Hisinger was elected a member of the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences in 1804.
He received popular attention for The Pooh Perplex, a book of satirical essays parodying contemporary casebooks.
Generally it is contributed to Frederik van Eeden, but some scientists question if this was inspired by the use of the term by Saint-Denys.
He was born in Fleurieux-sur-l'Arbresle, and studied at the Lycée Charlemagne.
At Pembroke there is a stunning stained-glass representation of a page of his work in the College's Library.
He is currently a Professor of Mathematics at the University of California, Los Angeles.
She wrote a number of books, including a very popular guide to American wildflowers.
He obtained his PhD in 1952, from University College, London, under supervision of Theodor Estermann.
                    
André Guinier was a French physicist who did important work in the field of X-ray diffraction and solid-state physics.
He did much work with aquatic invertebrates, particularly insects and worms.
He graduated from Trinity College in 1895, and taught high school before becoming a teaching assistant in physics at Columbia University in 1900.
In 1988 he received the title of professor.
        arctan
Bernard Walter Silverman, FRS, FAcSS is a British statistician and Anglican Priest.
Susan Elizabeth Hough is a seismologist at the United States Geological Survey in Pasadena, California, and scientist in charge of the office.
In 1928 he published the book Our Wonderful Universe.
Riddell published a science fiction story giving an account of a fictional former student named Orrin Lindsay, who traveled to the moon and Mars.
Grigory Samuilovich Landsberg was a Soviet physicist who worked in the fields of optics and spectroscopy.
He is known for the discovery of estrogen and his role in creating the field of endocrinology.
He was the sole editor from 2010 to April 2017, when he will be replaced by Sotaro Kita.
He pioneered the use of group theory for the analysis and simplification normal mode analysis, particularly for high symmetry molecules, such as benzene.
The botanist Charles Plumier had been his pupil and accompanied him on his voyages.
John William Lieb was a renowned American electrical engineer for the Edison Electric Light Company.
In 1939 Krogman wrote an article in the F.B.I.
He was nominated by President George W. Bush on May 3, 2006, confirmed by the U.S. Senate, and sworn in September 26, 2006.
He is a notable critic of Scientology.
Fridovich is currently Professor Emeritus of Biochemistry at Duke University.
Gerard Piel was the publisher of the new Scientific American magazine starting in 1948.
Robert Thomas Bakker is an American paleontologist who helped reshape modern theories about dinosaurs, particularly by adding support to the theory that some dinosaurs were endothermic.
He was also known for extraordinary physical strength.
He completed his BSc in zoology at Oriel College, Oxford.
From 1963 to 1965 he was director of research at the International Atomic Energy Agency in Vienna.
First awarded in 1993, the Aneesur Rahman Prize is the highest honour in the field of computational physics given by the American Physical Society.
Robert Endre Tarjan is an American computer scientist and mathematician.
He trained many PhDs who came to occupy prominent places in the history profession.
In 1904 Austin joined the National Bureau of Standards to study radio propagation.
Professor Thomas Risley Odhiambo was a Kenyan entomologist and environmental activist who directed research and scientific development in Africa.
From 1973 until his death in 1987, Lewis was a Distinguished Professor of Science at Queen's University.
Eugenio Beltrami was an Italian mathematician notable for his work concerning differential geometry and mathematical physics.
She was noted particularly for her collaborations with Otto Folin, including studies of protein metabolism.
The focus of his research has been the valuation of the environment.
Demerec was born and raised in Kostajnica.
      
In 2008 he became a regular faculty member with tenure at CMU.
Philip John Landrigan, M.D., M.Sc.,, is an American epidemiologist and pediatrician and one of the world's leading advocates of children's health.
He continued on at the Leningrad Institute for Nuclear Physics, where he was awarded his Ph.D. in physics in 1979.
J. Heinrich Matthaei is a German biochemist.
George Frederick Dick was an American physician and bacteriologist best known for his work with scarlet fever.
He founded the Hong Kong College of Medicine for Chinese and the London School of Hygiene & Tropical Medicine.
Working mostly at Harvard University, MIT and Princeton University, Miller introduced experimental techniques to study the psychology of mental processes.
In recognition of his lifetime's "long & important services in the science of geology", including Palaeontographica Indica, he was awarded the Royal Society's Royal Medal.
In 2014 he became a member of the Royal Netherlands Academy of Arts and Sciences.
degree in 1983 in electrical engineering from the University of Florida and an M.S.
At Princeton he supervised 46 PhDs, more than any other professor in the Princeton physics department.
He was then employed at General Atomics's John Jay Hopkins Laboratory from 1957 to 1962, where he worked on the problem of plasma physics.
Mazur's research is in experimental ultrafast optics and condensed matter physics.
Otlet created the Universal Decimal Classification, one of the most prominent examples of faceted classification.
degree in 1985 and took the dr.philos.
He is buried in a vault under the Church of the Madonna in Fort Lee, New Jersey, a church in whose construction he had been involved.
He chaired the Department from 2002 to 2016.
He was a Medewerker at the Mathematisch Centrum in Amsterdam 1951–1952.
Granville's work is mainly in number theory, in particular analytic number theory.
While there, he became affiliated with NEC Laboratories America.
Consequently, in 1971, he was awarded the Oswald Veblen Prize in Geometry by the American Mathematical Society.
In 1915 he authored the first comprehensive English handbook on mites: A Treatise on the Acarina, Or Mites.
Rolf Martin Zinkernagel AC, FAA is Professor of Experimental Immunology at the University of Zurich.
Both explicit mathematical knowledge representations and personal mathematical knowledge circulate between the worlds of education and research, which are not themselves wholly disjoint.
He did not practice medicine for long however, instead devoting himself to scientific and literary pursuits.
He is also co-author of four textbooks on numerical methods and is a member of the Association for Computing Machinery.
After the First World War, Max Weber was among the founders of the liberal German Democratic Party.
Erving Goffman was a Canadian-American sociologist and writer, considered by some "the most influential American sociologist of the twentieth century".
He was also a recipient of the National Medal of Science.
He was awarded the honorary degree of doctor of science from Kenyon College in 1926.
He is a professor of international law, contract law, and bankruptcy, among other areas.
Frerichs performed pioneer research of multiple sclerosis, and described nystagmus as a symptom of the disease.
He returned to Germany in 1956 and died in Berlin in 1959.
Ian T. Foster is a New Zealand-American computer scientist.
Bader is an expert in the design and analysis of parallel and multicore algorithms for real-world applications such as those in computational biology.
During the 1960s he led three expeditions to the East African Rift to study continental structure and the Earth's mantle.
A Review of General Psychology survey, published in 2002, ranked Miller as the 20th most cited psychologist of that era.
Born in Hamburg, he is best known today for coining the word enzyme.
She was the first woman to receive a PhD in neurobiology from Harvard.
Aged 95, Craig died on 1 July 2015 at Calvary Hospital in Canberra.
He teaches statistics and economics at the Berman Hebrew Academy in Rockville, Maryland.
Kristian Olaf Bernhard Birkeland was a Norwegian scientist.
He is buried in the Cementerio de Disidentes in the city of Córdoba.
He and his wife Esther were important textbook writers of their period, on subjects including American history, chemistry, human physiology, physics, astronomy, and zoology.
He was educated at King Edward's School, Birmingham and Trinity College, Cambridge.
Hörmander then worked at Stockholm University, at Stanford University, and at the Institute for Advanced Study in Princeton, New Jersey.
Their shows like Temps X deal with topics in popular science and science fiction, and have attracted a large number of viewers.
William Harvey was an English physician who made seminal contributions in anatomy and physiology.
In 1890 he became director of the physical department of the Physiological Institute of the University of Berlin.
He is an emeritus fellow of New College, Oxford, and was the University of Oxford's Professor for Public Understanding of Science from 1995 until 2008.
from Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1931.
He received his doctorate from the Technische Hochschule Carolo-Wilhelmina zu Braunschweig, in 1936.
Hans Rebel was an Austrian entomologist who specialised in Lepidoptera.
Shimon Even was an Israeli computer science researcher.
Ralph Philip Boas Jr. was a mathematician, teacher, and journal editor.
In 1956, he became a lecturer in astronomy, and, in 1959, a professor in the Harvard's Division of Applied Sciences and the department of astronomy.
He was elected a Fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences in 1963.
He even compares a tissue to a colony of bees, in which, only the Queen ensures reproduction, while most of the other bees are sterile workers.
    {\displaystyle {\frac {\pi }{4}}=4\arctan \left({\frac {1}{5}}\right)-\arctan \left({\frac {1}{239}}\right)}
He is the author of a popular student textbook on software engineering, as well as a number of other books and papers.
Later in life, he studied plasma physics and dark matter.
Erick J. Weinberg is a theoretical physicist and Professor of physics at the Department of Physics in Columbia University.
Prior to his appointment, Todhunter was an assistant professor of biology at The Catholic University of America, where he chaired the biochemistry program.
He stayed at the UIUC for many years, advising 16 Ph.D. students there.
Berezin studied at the Moscow State University, but was not allowed to do his graduate studies there on account of his Jewish origin.
Several theorems bear his name: the Ryll-Nardzewski fixed point theorem, the Ryll-Nardzewski theorem in model theory, and the Kuratowski and Ryll-Nardzewski measurable selection theorem.
During his military service in the United States Navy, he was awarded the Legion of Merit as a Carrier ASW plane commander.
That he detected the spurious disks of stars created by his telescope.
These included incunabula, plague tracts, herbals, books and pamphlets on tuberculosis, and books on inoculation and vaccination.
He took up a job in a military lab under the direction of the chemist Vladimir Ipatiev.
Becoming interested in geology and archaeology, he began to form the collection which after his death was purchased for the Norwich museum.
Boris Pavlovich Belousov was a Soviet chemist / biophysicist who discovered the Belousov-Zhabotinsky reaction in the early 1950s.
Yong Poovorawan is a medical professor in pediatric hepatology at the Faculty of Medicine of Chulalongkorn University in Bangkok, Thailand.
Professor Michael Gelfand OBE, CBE, Knight of the Order of St. Sylvester, MD, FRCP, DPH, DMR, Hon.
While at Cornell, Cook worked with Donald P. Greenberg.
Pafnuty Lvovich Chebyshev was a Russian mathematician.
He is a professor of mind/body medicine at Harvard Medical School and director emeritus of the Benson-Henry Institute at MGH.
In 1961, Lodge joined the faculty of the University of Manchester Institute of Science and Technology.
He was an invited professor at the Conservatoire National des Arts et Métiers.
He was department head of psychiatry at Sunnybrook Medical Center in Toronto, Canada.
Jan Ingvald Meidell Haaland is the rector of the Norwegian School of Economics.
In 1964 he has successfully defended his PhD thesis "Decidable and Undecidable Theories".
He has made significant breakthroughs on Waring's problem, for which he was awarded the Salem Prize in 1998.
There is evidence that the lecture on algebra actually took place, making it the first known university lecture on this topic.
That competition was broadcast ‘live’ on Trinidad and Tobago Television.
She is the author, or co-author, of over 80 scientific papers.
Bravais taught a course in applied mathematics for astronomy in the Faculty of Sciences in Lyon, starting in 1840.
H. influenza was the same organism in which Smith had discovered restriction enzymes in the late 1960s.
Phelps Stokes Hawkins is an Assistant Professor of Journalism and Mass Communication at the American University in Bulgaria.
He earned a bachelor's degree in 1933 and a Ph.D. in 1937 from the University of Pennsylvania.
Cummings C. Chesney was an electrical engineer who made major contributions to alternating current power systems.
Ruslan Leont'evich Stratonovich was a Russian physicist, engineer, and probabilist and one of the founders of the theory of stochastic differential equations.
Frederick William Thomas CIE FBA, usually cited as F. W. Thomas, was an English Indologist and Tibetologist.
Burrill graduated Illinois State Normal University in 1865.
He has contributed to the general theory of receptor and synaptic mechanisms, and in particular the theory and practice of single ion channel function.
A number of medical terms are named after him, including Virchow's node, Virchow–Robin spaces, Virchow–Seckel syndrome, and Virchow's triad.
In 2005, she was named a Fellow of the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers.
In 2013, he was elected to the Board of Trustees of the Friends of the Lick Observatory.
Prance is a former Director of the Royal Botanic Gardens, Kew.
        
During this period he became interested in photosynthesis.
He is sometimes known by his Latin name, Petrus Pomponatius.
He followed that with a master's degree, with distinction, in structural engineering and a doctorate in numerical computation from Imperial College.
He attended the Lycée in Bordeaux and entered the École Polytechnique, where Camille Jordan and Henri Becquerel taught.
He was instrumental in establishing the field of magnetospheric research in space.
For the executive officer with the same name, see Jean-Pierre Hansen.
In Hooker's Icones plantarum, about 100 plates with text, 1891-1905; Part of Gramineae; 'Apocynaceae; Gramineae; Lentibulariaceae; Pedaliaceae.
He first became widely known for his discovery of the T-cell receptor in 1983 and pioneering work in the genetics of immunology.
In late 1880s, experimenting with cholesteryl benzoate, he discovered properties of liquid crystals.
Born on May 29, 1936, in Macon, Georgia, Currie earned a B.A.
He made important discoveries about the causes of a number of diseases, including anemias, Gaucher disease, disorders of iron metabolism and Tay-Sachs disease.
Olsen, C. The structure and biology of Arctic flowering plants.
His classification was based on and extended unpublished work by his uncle, the botanist Bernard de Jussieu.
Ohl, in 1939, discovered the PN barrier.
In 1892 he became a professor at the University of Rome.
He has published, among others, in Canadian Journal of Economics, Journal of Applied Econometrics, Journal of Econometrics and Journal of Economic Dynamics and Control.
His work on nuclear fallout was a major contribution toward the ratification of the 1963 Partial Nuclear Test Ban Treaty.
Dr John Paul Wild AC CBE MA ScD FRS FTSE FAA was a British-born Australian scientist.
Norbert Schwarz is among the most frequently cited researchers in Social Psychology and Consumer Psychology.
Marcus Westbury is an Australian urbanist, festival director, TV presenter, writer and broadcaster.
Another of Breiman's ensemble approaches is the random forest.
He was awarded the Franklin Institute's Elliott Cresson Medal in 1931.
Since 1985, Matson been professor in the Department of Psychology at Louisiana State University in Baton Rouge, Louisiana.
He authored several notable works, particularly in the field of particulate matter and its influence on air pollution and human health.
Until his death in 1855, he published 112 works.
He was also chairman of Columbia's physics department from 1913 to 1945.
Florence Rena Sabin was an American medical scientist.
James Beaumont Neilson was a Scottish inventor whose hot-blast process greatly increased the efficiency of smelting iron.
Marjorie Morgan McCallum Chibnall OBE FBA was an English historian, medievalist and Latin translator.
As a scientist, a physicist, he achieved a worldwide reputation for hydrogen bond research.
Francisco Javier "Frank" Duarte is a Chilean-born laser physicist and author/editor of several well-known books on tunable lasers and quantum optics.
He became chair of that department in 1925 and, in 1947, was named vice president in charge of medical activities.
In 1939 he teamed up with Bohr to write a series of papers using the liquid drop model to explain the mechanism of fission.
He was born in Parma, Emilia-Romagna, and died in Pisa.
Their studies led to the development of statin drugs.
He and his coauthors have argued that certain financial products are associated with computational asymmetry which under certain conditions may lead to market instability.
He was a member of the Académie de Médecine and of the Société nationale d'agriculture.
Sir Edmund Ronald Leach was a British social anthropologist.
Thomas Jones was Head Tutor at Trinity College, Cambridge for twenty years and an outstanding teacher of mathematics.
Atkin is also known for his work on properties of the integer partition function and the monster module.
Shanks's approximation was the longest expansion of π until the advent of the electronic digital computer about one century later.
By the end of his life he had become the third most decorated man in the Soviet Union.
He was Emeritus Professor of Ecology at the Faculty of Biology of the University of Barcelona.
In this voyage he circumnavigated and visited a considerable part of Great Britain.
She has been chair in Biostatistics at Imperial College London since 2000.
He helped to establish the Willard Gibbs Medal, and received the Gibbs Medal himself in 1923.
He published over 160 papers during his lifetime and was a member of 18 learned societies.
Lewis-Williams is recognised by the National Research Foundation of South Africa as a leading international researcher, with an A1 rating.
in physics in 1934, followed by a master's degree from the University of Pittsburgh in 1936.
Drickamer was born in Cleveland, Ohio, USA, to Louise Weidenthal and Harold Weidenthal.
Note, however, that the asteroid 3341 Hartmann was named after William K. Hartmann and is unrelated to him.
He is recognized for having developed of one of the earliest museum studies courses in the United States.
Ferdinand Berthoud was a Swiss watchmaker and scientist.
As a Fellow of the Zoological Society of London, he undertook expeditions to Africa and the Amazon to collect specimens, mainly reptiles and amphibians.
Giuseppe Attardi was an American molecular biologist of Italian origin, a professor at the California Institute of Technology in Pasadena.
Albert Schweitzer, OM was a French-German theologian, organist, writer, humanitarian, philosopher, and physician.
Salimuzzaman Siddiqui, HI, MBE, SI, DPhil, FPAS, FRS was a Pakistani organic chemist specialising in natural product chemistry.
Triana died one day before the death of his daughter Liboria.
Semi Joseph Begun, usually referred to as S. Joseph Begun, was a German-American engineer and inventor.
In 1719, Vater was the first to notice oval-shaped organs of concentric layers of connective tissue wrapped around nerve endings in the skin.
The building Clark Hall, however, is not named after him.
William Francis Hillebrand was an American chemist.
Bruce Sayers was a British electrical engineer.
Shouyong Shi is a Canadian economist and member of the Pennsylvania State University faculty.
He worked in the fields of atomic physics, nuclear physics, and cosmic ray physics.
Mary Lou Zoback is an American geophysicist who led the world stress map project of the International Lithosphere Program.
Sean B. Carroll is a professor of molecular biology, genetics, and medical genetics at the University of Wisconsin–Madison.
In 1911 Westinghouse received the AIEE's Edison Medal "For meritorious achievement in connection with the development of the alternating current system."
He is author of The Buck Stops Here: Reflections on moral responsibility, democratic accountability and military values, and co-editor of Ethics and Animal Experimentation.
Jered Morgan, is a Southern California phone phreak and white hat security professional.
Scipione del Ferro was an Italian mathematician who first discovered a method to solve the depressed cubic equation.
Georg Karl Wilhelm Hamel was a German mathematician with interests in mechanics, the foundations of mathematics and function theory.
While organizing and classifying the antiquities for exhibition, he decided to present them chronologically according to the three-age system.
William Withering FRS was an English botanist, geologist, chemist, physician and the discoverer of digitalis.
Laurence Henry "Larry" Tribe is a professor of constitutional law at Harvard Law School and the Carl M. Loeb University Professor at Harvard University.
His grandson Carl Wieman is a Nobel Laureate.
The bacterial genus Bordetella is named after him.
He conducted research on the health effects of cannabis, cocaine and other recreational drugs.
Rudolf Hermann Lotze was a German philosopher and logician.
Andrew Carnie is a Canadian professor of linguistics at the University of Arizona.
Born in Englewood, New Jersey, Magocsi is of Hungarian and Ruthenian descent.
The critical assumption of the Heckscher–Ohlin model is that the two countries are identical, except for the difference in resource endowments.
Duarte returned to Brazil after World War II, and brought with him a number of European archaeologists he had met while in exile.
In 1787, at age 51, he moved from Berlin to Paris and became a member of the French Academy of Sciences.
Asaph Hall Jr. was an American astronomer.
Mahamahopadhyay Pandit Mahesh Chandra Nyayratna Bhattacharyya, CIE, was an Indian scholar of Sanskrit, and the principal of the Sanskrit College between 1876 and 1895.
He is the author of An Introduction to Harmonic Analysis, which won the Steele Prize for Mathematical Exposition in 2002.
He joined the faculty of Princeton University two years later.
Gabriel Kron was a Hungarian American electrical engineer who promoted the use of methods of linear algebra, multilinear algebra, and differential geometry in the field.
He believes that global warming is primarily caused by natural processes.
His main interests lie in the field of cosmology, galaxy formation and computer simulations of cosmic structure formation.
Derek Ashworth Denton AC  FRS is an Australian scientist known for his research exploring the nature of consciousness in animals.
Jan Burgers was one of the co-founders of the International Union of Theoretical and Applied Mechanics in 1946, and was its secretary-general from 1946 until 1952.
He worked at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory 1956–1959, Institute for Defense Analyses, 1959–1965, and University of Southern California, 1965–1999.
Hans Loewald was a psychoanalyst and theorist, born in Colmar, then Germany.
Cyrus Levinthal was an American molecular biologist.
Dr. O’Connor has consulted with many companies to help them develop capabilities for commercializing technology based on breakthrough innovations.
He suffered from manic depression all of his life, which led to him in 1941 committing suicide using cyanide.
A summary of his work is given below.
He invented and developed the Telinject system for remotely injecting reptiles, mammals, and birds.
In June 2013, Dr. Yorke retired as chair of the University of Maryland's Math department.
In 1964 Springer was elected to the Royal Netherlands Academy of Arts and Sciences.
He moved to America when he was appointed as Egyptology curator at the Penn Museum, University of Pennsylvania, in 1905.
He was named one of the Time 100 influential people of 2006.
Brian David Ripley FRSE is a British statistician.
Lucy Catherine Lloyd was the creator, along with Wilhelm Bleek, of the 19th-century archive of ǀXam and !Kung texts.
Marshall Kay was a geologist and professor at Columbia University.
Cullen was a beloved teacher, and many of his students became influential figures in their own right.
He was a Fellow of the Royal Society of Canada.
George Alfred Barnard was a British statistician known particularly for his work on the foundations of statistics and on quality control.
He became an Associate Professor in 1950 and a Full Professor in 1955.
Huntsman was Director of the St. Andrews Biological Station from 1919 to 1934, while keeping his post at the University of Toronto.
Parliamentarism, with its conflicting political parties and class struggles, was incapable of solving the social question.
Financial difficulties did not allow him to directly pursue a university education, and he left school to work in a chemical factory for some time.
He was an adherent of the views of the ancients and pre-Renaissance alchemists.
With an interest in health care quality, Dr. Codman also helped lead the founding of the American College of Surgeons and its Hospital Standardization Program.
She was a suffragist and a member of the National Women's Party.
He was featured on NPR on December 20, 2010.
William Howard Stein was an American biochemist.
He was elected to the American Rocket Society in 1951.
Charlotte Emma Moore Sitterly was an American astronomer.
He is the author of three books and nearly 250 articles.
He is a proponent of the International Astronomical Union's definition of planet.
He was educated at Taunton's School in Southampton, Balliol College, Oxford and Imperial College, London.
It was under the latter's auspices that he first excavated in Crete, to become known as an Italian archaeologist.
He joined the Brookings Institution on January 1, 2006.
At Bryn Mawr, Cope also developed a reaction involving the thermal rearrangement of an allyl group which eventually became known as the Cope rearrangement.
He travelled to South East Asia and the Caribbean as part of the 1899 deep-sea expedition.
Nevertheless, the RCC banned him along with 37 others from public office.
Duméril studied at the University of Paris, and in 1844 became an associate professor of comparative physiology at the university.
In 1857, he became the Professor of Mathematics and Natural Philosophy at Western Reserve College, now known as Case Western Reserve University, devoting nine years.
He was born in Rugby, Warwickshire, the eldest son of Robert Spencer Hudson.
Charles Doolittle Walcott was an American paleontologist, administrator of the Smithsonian Institution from 1907 to 1927, and geologist.
He is recipient of the 1990 National Medal of Science, co-recipient of the 1996 Lemelson–MIT Prize, and a co-founder of Genentech.
Stumpf is known for his work on the psychology of tones.
to the scientific description of Florida Mock-orange, Philadelphus floridus.)
Anton Behme Burg was an early Chairman of the University of Southern California chemistry department and an expert on boron.
He is best remembered for scientific expeditions into Asia and especially Siberia.
Henle joined the IBM where he became involved in semiconductor circuits for computers.
As these processors lacked memory protection, Eumel implemented a virtual machine which added the features missing from the hardware.
In 1862 he published a memoir, Intorno alle strie degli spettri stellari, which indicated the feasibility of a physical classification of the stars.
He is also co-faculty at the New England Complex Systems Institute.
Edwards' career has focused on the experiences of African-American athletes.
He is known for his "research and development of rust resistant cereals which have been of vital significance to Canada as a cereal producing nation".
Udupi Ramachandra Rao, popularly known as U. R. Rao  was a space scientist and the former chairman of the Indian Space Research Organisation.
Gabriel Salazar Vergara, is a Chilean historian.
In addition, she helped elucidate the cranial biomechanics of the noted carnivorous dinosaur Tyrannosaurus using two-dimensional FEA.
Alexander's nephews include diplomat Heinrich von Keyserlingk and writer Eduard von Keyserling.
He was well known to Charles I and Charles II, and the French cardinals Richelieu and Mazarin.
Prior to his present position, he was a Harvard Junior Fellow and subsequently an Assistant Professor at Harvard University.
While in Chicago he served as a mentor to several young naturalists, including William Healey Dall.
Jackson created numerous tests in his life, including:
John Frank Adams FRS was a British mathematician, one of the major contributors to homotopy theory.
They had a daughter, Marian Krogman Baur, and a son, William L. Krogman.
In 1930 he became a full professor and director of the physics department at the University of Giessen.
On April 1, 2009, Tjian became the President of HHMI.
He used RR Lyrae stars to correctly estimate the size of the Milky Way Galaxy and the Sun's position within it by using parallax.
She was president of the Missouri State Anatomical Board from 1957 to 1967, and president of the St. Louis Anatomical Board from 1941-1948 and from 1949-1967.
This combination led these researchers to speculate that it may be the result of a large impact event.
Feynman also became known through his semi-autobiographical books Surely You're Joking, Mr. Feynman!
Richard Darwin Keynes, CBE, FRS was a British physiologist.
John Lloyd Stephens was an American explorer, writer, and diplomat.
Fluorescence is illustrated schematically with the classical Jablonski diagram, first proposed by Jabłoński in 1933 to describe absorption and emission of light.
From 1969 till 1972, Khuda served as the president of the Pakistan Academy of Sciences.
Snyder has been critical of the “students are customers” view of education, and has articulated an alternative view that sets expectations and emphasizes feedback.
To test Wikipedia as a trustworthy source of accurate information, Halavais created one of the more publicized examples of Wikipedia vandalism.
He became interested in statistics when, as a student of actuarial mathematics, he worked part-time at the Department of Biostatistics of the Danish State Serum Institute.
Upon his release from prison, he lived for eight years in exile, first in Zürich and later in Paris.
He was an HHMI international research scholar from 1997 to 2011 and is now a senior international research scholar.
Initially he portrayed real life in his works then got cognise as a symbolic writer.
Julia Bell's Treasury of Human Inheritance "remains a valuable scientific as well as an historical record of the genetics of a range of important inherited disorders."
Miguel Angel Ondetti was an Argentine-born American chemist who first synthesized captopril, the first ACE inhibitor that was used to treat heart disease.
The award from the NSF supported his studies of geological fluid mechanics and magma flow prior to eruptions.
He subsequently went to Princeton University to work with Henry DeWolf Smyth on electromagnetic separation of the isotopes of uranium.
He was a nephew of Louis Pasteur, and for much of his career was associated with the Pasteur Institute.
Originally from Griva, Courland Governorate, Russian Empire, Abragam and his family emigrated to France in 1925.
Andrew Zisserman FRS is a British computer scientist and a professor at the University of Oxford, and a researcher in computer vision.
The family moved in 1835 first to St. Charles, Missouri and then to eastern Warren County Missouri.
In 1977, Legge joined the faculty of the University of Minnesota.
He was the nephew of physicist H.C. Ørsted and of politician Anders Sandøe Ørsted.
It was only in the 20th century that his Law of Continuity and Transcendental Law of Homogeneity found mathematical implementation.
In 1938 he earned his diploma and then worked as a graduate assistant at Prof. Wilhelm Stäblein's institute.
In 1904 he became full Professor at the Technical High School of Danzig.
This attention was the first of many notations later made to Grassmann's early insights on the nature of space.
in 1953 from New York University, and his PhD in 1958 in zoology from Indiana University under the mentorship of Hermann Joseph Muller.
Foschini has also worked on point-to-point systems and networks.
He attended the Indian Institute of Technology, Kanpur and went on to obtain a Ph.D. at Princeton University.
After he received his PhD in 1923, he was awarded a fellowship by the American-Scandinavian Foundation to study at the Niels Bohr Institute in Copenhagen.
From 1974 to 1975, he was the President of the Royal Society of Canada.
John Tyndall FRS was a prominent 19th-century Irish physicist.
Whenever Z-DNA forms, there must be two junction boxes that allow the flip back to the canonical B-form of DNA.
Thanks to his invention, it became possible to measure gravity at sea, which led him to the discovery of gravity anomalies above the ocean floor.
At Berkeley he secured the top-most rank in the qualifying exams for graduate studies.
Henry Draper was an American doctor and amateur astronomer.
In 2012 he became a fellow of the American Mathematical Society.
His mother was Mary, daughter of Dr. Jared Potter, a famous physician of Wallingford.
She is Dr Lee's Professor of Anatomy at the University of Oxford and a Fellow of Hertford College, Oxford.
Gabrio Piola was an Italian mathematician and physicist, member of the Lombardo Institute of Science, Letters and Arts.
Primary products included arc light systems, electrical generators, dynamos, meters, transformers, and electric motors.
He was elected a fellow of the Society of Antiquaries in 1992 and of the Royal Society of Arts in 2001.
In 1980, Walter Gilbert and Sanger shared half of the chemistry prize "for their contributions concerning the determination of base sequences in nucleic acids".
In 2015, Jain received honorary doctorates from Duke University, KU Leuven, Belgium and IIT-Kanpur, India.
Paul's recent research on the interactions of religion and society has received international press and media coverage.
in English from Harvard in 1947, and a Ph.D. in Psychology from the University of California, Berkeley in 1957.
On August 4, 2015, he announced that he would step down as President at the end of 2016.
He graduated from St John's College, Cambridge as Third Wrangler in 1850 and was elected a fellow of Christ's College in 1852.
Nemchinov is credited with introducing mathematical methods into Soviet economics, thus creating a scientific basis for central planning.
Hermann Ferdinand Fränkel was a German American classical scholar.
He worked at Wang Laboratories as a Computer Programmer .
Oswald Theodore Avery Jr. ForMemRS was a Canadian-American physician and medical researcher.
He then gain a DESS from the University of Burgundy.
Moule, his dissertation was completed in 1969 and published in 1974.
Karl Wilhelm Verhoeff was a German myriapodologist and entomologist, specialising in myriapods as well as woodlice and to a lesser extent insects.
Nello Cristianini is a Professor of Artificial Intelligence in the Department of Computer Science at the University of Bristol.
              2
The chemistry buildings at both the University of Edinburgh and the University of Glasgow are named after Black.
World War I severed many lines of scientific communication and new developments in German science were not well known in England.
Muzafer Sherif was a Turkish-American social psychologist.
A special chair was named after him in 1985.
He was also featured as an extra in Nova's The Proof.
His research focuses on critical social and political theory, philosophy of social science, and continental political thought.
Milstein and Köhler's technique for producing monoclonal antibodies laid the foundation for the exploitation of antibodies for diagnostics and therapeutics and many scientific applications.
He was president of the Optical Society of America in 1977.
From 2002 to 2012, he was a professor at Rutgers University; he chaired the department from 2009-12.
He graduated from the École normale supérieure in 1977.
José Leite Lopes, noted Brazilian theoretical physicist in the field of quantum field theory and particle physics.
Dr. Smith is survived by his son, Homer Wilson Smith.
All other ailments were treated symptomatically by palliative methods.
With R. F. Marchand he also carried out a number of determinations of atomic weights.
In 1969, Grinnell acquired a 365-acre plot of cropland and established the Conard Environmental Research Area, in recognition of the legacy of the longtime professor.
He is well known as a theoretical chemist who also does experimental research, having spent much of his career working in multiple areas of physical chemistry.
He was educated at the University of Michigan and the University of Chicago, where he worked as an assistant from 1899 to 1905.
He died on 18 November, 1965 after a brief illness.
His father was the surgeon Otto Wilhelm Madelung.
Particularly, he was accredited as the founder of the theory of poroelasticity.
Rohit Jivanlal Parikh is a mathematician, logician, and philosopher who has worked in many areas in traditional logic, including recursion theory and proof theory.
He has been Professor of Engineering and Professor of Mathematics since 1965 at The University of California, Los Angeles.
Oscar Hertwig experiments with frog eggs revealed the 'long axis rule', or Hertwig rule.
He was an associate professor in the School of Environment at the University of Auckland.
He became interested in the mathematics of gambling at a young age, specifically after reading John Scarne's Guide to Casino Gambling.
He died in London in 2001, survived by his widow and three children.
He left the United States in September 1955 on the American President Lines passenger liner SS President Cleveland, arriving in China via Hong Kong.
François Boissier de Sauvages de Lacroix was a French physician and botanist who was a native of Alès.
At the University of Naples, he received first a law degree in 1880 and then in 1882 a math degree.
Before moving to London, he was Alderman and Mayor of Newark-upon-Trent, 1827-1830.
During 1980–81, he was a visiting scholar at Stanford University and the University of San Francisco in California, United States.
He is known for his contribution to the Comte de Buffon's great work, the Histoire Naturelle.
Much of Turner's work was done in co-operation with William J. Clench.
François Auguste Victor Grignard was a Nobel Prize-winning French chemist.
Much of his research involves X-ray astronomy and high energy astrophysics.
They have demonstrated how very rapid changes in body and beak size in response to changes in the food supply are driven by natural selection.
In 1913, he was graduated from the Alexander Gymnasium in Tallinn as an extern.
In the field of Norwegian nineteenth- and twentieth-century history, his 1985 tome Norsk historie 1800–1870.
On September 14, 1898, he married Ann Green McCoy, of Annapolis, Maryland.
Love also contributed to the theory of tidal locking and introduced the parameters known as Love numbers, which are widely used today.
He worked at Krizevci Experiment Station, and then attended the College of Agriculture in Grignon, France after World War I.
He is also the director of the Benjamin Levich Institute for Physicochemical Hydrodynamics.
In 1802, he began publishing a catalogue of his vast collection, including 22,000 species names.
Jaekel was born in Neusalz, Prussian Silesia.
William John Macquorn Rankine, FRSE FRS was a Scottish mechanical engineer who also contributed to civil engineering, physics and mathematics.
He was a member of the team of Dorothy Hodgkin that solved in 1969 the first structure of a protein hormone, insulin.
A Review of General Psychology survey, published in 2002, ranked Cronbach as the 48th most cited psychologist of the 20th century.
Jay F. Nunamaker Jr. is Regents Professor and Soldwedel Professor at the University of Arizona.
He won the Nobel prize in 1906.
Seitz was also the founding chairman of the George C. Marshall Institute, a tobacco industry consultant and a prominent skeptic on the issue of global warming.
He has often worked in chromatic number, degree sequence, graph enumeration, bivariegated graphs, and networks.
Michael Kudish is an author, railroad historian, forester, and retired professor.
The crater Chandler on the Moon is named after him.
He was the last living grandson of United States President Ulysses S. Grant
In the late 1940s, Dancoff began a collaboration with the Viennese-refugee physician and radiologist Henry Quastler in the new field of cybernetics and information theory.
Arthur R. Butz is a professor of electrical engineering at Northwestern University, and author of The Hoax of the Twentieth Century, a book denying the Holocaust.
In September 1921 Bronk married Helen Alexander Ramsey, who had been a fellow student at Swarthmore.
He became a pre-eminent professor at that university, teaching projective geometry, and remained at that University, as rector, faculty president, etc.
However, he also published papers on extra-alpine regions like Greenland, the Montagne Noire and the Sahara.
In 1999-2001, he led the UK IMO team as its chief trainer.
With Tihiro Ohkawa he invented toroidal devices for containing the plasma with magnetic fields.
Harry Stone Mosher was an American chemist and the discoverer of Mosher's acid .
He is best known for his research on Broca's area, a region of the frontal lobe that has been named after him.
Bo Y. Thidé is a Swedish physicist who studies radio waves and other electromagnetic radiation in space, particularly their interaction with matter and fields.
Ehrlich has been criticized for his opinions; for example, Ronald Bailey termed Ehrlich an irrepressible doomster.
Gian-Carlo Rota was an Italian-born American mathematician and philosopher.
She was the first major Russian female mathematician and a pioneer for women in mathematics around the world.
He was the first distinguished representative of a prominent Basel academic family.
He has discovered species differences which may have an application in primate classification.
Anthony "Tony" M. Young is an Australian mycologist based in Queensland, affiliated with the University of Queensland.
Nick Holonyak Jr. is an American engineer and educator of Carpatho-Rusyn descent.
This became the foundation of tissue and organ transplantation.
In 1921 he founded a scholarship for the poor students of his native town who wished to take up higher education at trade school.
The house is an officially designated local landmark.
He is considered one of the fathers of modern cosmology.
In 1762 and 1764 he published experiments in refutation of the decision of the Florentine Academy, at that time generally accepted, that water is incompressible.
He was made a Fellow of the Royal Society in 1922 and died in Oxford on 15 March 1952.
A small number of gene products, however, are supplied by transcription in the embryo itself.
He is the father of the television writer/producer, Rebecca Rand Kirshner, and Matthew Kirshner of The Management Group in Los Angeles.
All his studies are based on descriptive and comparative histological and embryological observations.
Bartlett was subsequently an NSF postdoctoral researcher at Aarhus University, Denmark with Jan Linderberg and a postdoctoral researcher at Johns Hopkins University with Robert G. Parr.
Mario José Molina-Pasquel Henríquez is a Mexican chemist reputed for his pivotal role in the discovery of the Antarctic ozone hole.
Josiah Dwight Whitney was an American geologist, professor of geology at Harvard University, and chief of the California Geological Survey.
                
Kenneth B. Davis, Jr. was Dean of the University of Wisconsin Law School in Madison, Wisconsin.
Mani Lal Bhaumik is an Indian-born American physicist and a bestselling author.
He has a PhD in public policy and regional economic development from George Mason University and is a longtime contributor to High Times magazine.
Grignard was the son of a sail maker.
In 1805, Gibbs' collection grew too large and he stored it in a house near his Newport mansion.
He later helped the Nationalists in China to break Japanese codes.
All of them are prominent and accepted by the farmers as well as the textile mills at Tamil Nadu and elsewhere.
Since 1996, he has been the Frederick P. Rose Director of the Hayden Planetarium at the Rose Center for Earth and Space in New York City.
In 1884, in association with Dr Ernst Abbe and Carl Zeiss, Otto founded Glastechnische Laboratorium Schott & Genossen in Jena.
          
Specialising in the science and future of Russia, Medvedev serves as a member of the coordination council of the Russian Transhumanistic Movement.
Daniel Ziegler was a minister in Kreutz Creek and York, Pennsylvania, and also an avid entomologist.
He received his Ph.D. in computer science in 1989 from the University of Chicago.
He is a Fellow of American Institute of Chemical Engineers and a member of the National Academy of Engineering.
Zhang returned home to Nanyang for a short time, before being recalled to serve in the capital once more in 138.
She also served as the first female dean of the Seminary College of Jewish Studies at the Jewish Theological Seminary from 1981 to 1986.
Comptes Rendus des Travaux du Laboratoire Carlsberg, 17, 1-20.
            ν
He is Editor-in-Chief of the Formal Aspects of Computing journal.
He serves on the editorial board of the Journal of Arabic and Islamic Studies.
In 1921, she accompanied her husband to Iraq where Sir Edwin Drower was adviser to the Justice Minister from 1921 to 1946.
His research findings led to many publications, with the most notable being Principles of Animal Ecology and Animal Aggregations.
He is professor of Marine Environment and Resources at the Marine Laboratory for Biodiversity.
In the 1870 census, his widow and children continued to be classified as white.
Martin Arthur Pomerantz was an American physicist who served as Director of the Bartol Research Institute and who had been a leader in developing Antarctic astronomy.
In 1951, Falconer described a novel mouse mutant that he called reeler for its peculiar gait.
In 2004 he was inducted into the National Inventors Hall of Fame.
Tarski taught and carried out research in mathematics at the University of California, Berkeley from 1942 until his death in 1983.
He established Beijing Manchu Institute, the first academic institute focussed on the Manchu history.
She is an Emeritus Professor at the University of Bath.
Silberschatz is a member of the Connecticut Academy of Science and Engineering.
This group of doctors, along with their dedicated staff, created the world's first private integrated group practice.
Isaac Henry Burkill was an English botanist who worked in India and in the Straits Settlements.
Fillmore was extremely influential in the areas of syntax and lexical semantics.
Dr. Dolan retired from the University of Florida College of Dentistry after serving 10 years as dean and 24 years as faculty at the college.
He is best known for proving the long-standing Bieberbach conjecture in 1984, now called de Branges's theorem.
Prior to joining the LPI in 2011, he was Vice Chancellor for Research at the University of Alaska Fairbanks.
His novels have been featured in the works of the Sun Ra Revival Post Krautrock Archestra, through spoken word and musical themes.
Herbert Herb Clark is a psycholinguist currently serving as Professor of Psychology at Stanford University.
He has been involved in the Stanford DASH and the Illinois Cedar multiprocessor projects, and led the Illinois Aggressive COMA and FlexRAM Intelligent Memory projects.
Borlaug was often called "the father of the Green Revolution", and is credited with saving over a billion people worldwide from starvation.
Wiseman's pioneering research in computer graphics began in 1965, and resulted in a number of inventions and patents.
Her work life has largely been focused on networking and software engineering, including:
He died in Meriden in 1891 at the age of 70.
He was the inventor of the Odhner Arithmometer, which by the 1940s was one of the most popular type of portable mechanical calculator in the world.
In 1507 he started to study at the University of Vienna, where he subsequently taught.
Paul Dobransky, also known as "Dr. Paul", is an American writer, psychiatrist, television and radio personality, author, speaker, former business consultant and CEO of several websites.
His botanical writings are noted for his treatment of Amaryllidaceae.
Rudolf Oskar Robert Williams Geiger was a German meteorologist and climatologist.
Michael E. Brown is an American astronomer, who has been professor of planetary astronomy at the California Institute of Technology since 2003.
Joshi defined the tree-adjoining grammar formalism which is often used in computational linguistics and natural language processing.
She also references theoretical, political and psychological works associated with the feminist movement of the 1970s, such as Anne Koedt's The Myth of the Vaginal Orgasm.
The Young integral also is named after him and has now been generalised in the theory of rough paths.
Bidder is primarily remembered for his studies of nutrition and gastric physiology.
The mountain of Hisingerfjellet in Nathorst Land at Spitsbergen, Svalbard, is named after him.
Douglas Stott Parker is a professor of computer science at UCLA, specializing in Data Mining, Bioinformatics, Database Management, Scientific Data Management and Modeling.
Grudin is a pioneer of the field of CSCW and one of its most prolific contributors.
He was previously a researcher, teacher, and author in the field of human factors.
He was the recipient of the 1990 Robert H. MacArthur Award granted by the Ecological Society of America.
Benjamin Crawford Pierce is an American professor of computer science at the University of Pennsylvania.
degree in electrical engineering from the University of Tehran in 1989, and the M.S.
Born in Nordhausen, Teichmüller attended the University of Göttingen, where he graduated in 1935 under the supervision of Helmut Hasse.
He is also known for his "Schrödinger's cat" thought-experiment.
He traveled frequently to Japan, where he gave talks in classical Japanese.
Coats was married for 58 years to Elizabeth Robinson Coats.
In 1862, he served in the 85th Regiment of Ohio during the Civil War.
He is the founding director of the New York Institute for the Humanities.
Billroth described him as "my best student."
John Louis Moll was an American electrical engineer, notable for his contributions to solid-state physics.
From 2003 to 2006 he served as Chief Scientific Advisor to the United Kingdom Department for Transport.
Lucien Cayeux was a French sedimentary petrographer.
Innis’ staple thesis, which explains Canadian economic development as a lateral, east-west conception of trade.
He had previously worked for Hoffmann-La Roche after earning a Ph.D. from the University of California, Berkeley in 1976.
Geoffrey Everest Hinton FRS is a British-born Canadian cognitive psychologist and computer scientist, most noted for his work on artificial neural networks.
Gene David Block is an American biologist, academic, inventor, and chancellor of the University of California, Los Angeles.
The Reverend William D. Fox was born in Cumberland.
He was employed by the New York Botanical Garden from the 1950s until shortly before his death.
Prior to his arrival at the University of Oklahoma in 1992, Deming held a National Research Council postdoctoral fellowship at the U.S. Geological Survey in California.
Cosmic superstrings are produced at the end of brane inflation due to brane-antibrane annihilation.
His PhD adviser was Frederic Columbus Blake.
List received his bachelor's degree from the University of Wisconsin–Stevens Point, and his Ph.D. from the University of Wyoming in 1996.
An unofficial list of errata is hosted by Kevin S. Van Horn.
He is past president of the American Association of Electrodiagnostic Medicine, from which he won the Distinguished Researcher Award in 2000.
Steele is the namesake of the Joel Dorman Steele professorship at Syracuse University, currently held by A. P. Balachandran.
At the conclusion of his double star work in 1905, he had discovered and measured 1,327 close binaries.
Dr. Alan Gelperin is a scientist and biologist currently at Princeton University.
He has also been employed by the presidential campaigns of Al Gore, Walter Mondale, and John B. Anderson.
He was employed by the American Museum of Natural History in New York.
The Russet Burbank potato was in fact invented to help with the devastating situation in Ireland during the Irish Potato famine.
Ernest Howard Griffiths was a British physicist born in Brecon, Wales.
After this he became a professor in the Albany Medical College.
She is a Fellow of the American Psychological Association, the Association for Psychological Science and the Committee for Skeptical Inquiry.
He was co-founder, with Ralph Ungermann, and CEO of Zilog, the first company solely dedicated to microprocessors.
He kindly stayed around after my talk and we spoke for about an hour.
Sharing his focus on art and technology are Jack Burnham and Gene Youngblood.
Gabriel Cramer was a Swiss mathematician, born in Geneva.
She taught at the University of Prince Edward Island and held Visiting Professorships at the Friedrich-Schiller-Universität Jena and Erfurt Universität in Germany.
These signals were sent to the robot arm, which then mimicked the monkey's movements and thus controlled the game.
Sir Walter Fred Bodmer FRS is a German-born British human geneticist.
In 1964 McFadden joined the faculty of UC Berkeley, focusing his research on choice behavior and the problem of linking economic theory and measurement.
Conrad Moench was a German botanist, professor of botany at Marburg University from 1786 until his death.
In 1945 he returned to Cambridge, and then moved to the University of Birmingham in 1951 as Mason professor of mathematics.
He was the co-developer of the assessment tool known as the Glasgow Coma Scale and made advancements in the care of patients with brain injuries.
John G. Truxal was an American control theorist and a Distinguished Teaching Professor, Emeritus at the State University of New York.
His thesis was entitled Mémoire pour servir à l'histoire de la respiration des poissons, which he defended in 1778.
Glisson was born in Bristol and was educated in Rampisham, Dorset, and at Caius College, Cambridge.
William Sage Rapson was a New Zealand and South African chemist.
He was also Chancellor of the dioceses of Newcastle, Southwell, St Albans, Peterborough, Chichester, and Chelmsford.
Piaget placed great importance on the education of children.
            
Nina Karlovna Bari was a Soviet mathematician known for her work on trigonometric series.
Artin was one of the leading mathematicians of the twentieth century.
Wilson was also an excellent communicator and worked to bring geology to a broader public.
and Ph.D. degrees in theoretical semiconductor physics from Syracuse University.
Lawrence, MacKenzie, and their colleagues devised the first cyclotron.
Neil Allison Campbell was an American scientist known best for his textbook Biology.
One of the most influential members of computing science's founding generation, Dijkstra helped shape the new discipline from both an engineering and a theoretical perspective.
He was involved with the Manhattan Project at the University of Chicago during the war, and subsequently worked with K.S.
He was elected to the Académie des sciences in 1988.
Ristow’s laboratory has provided direct evidence supporting the so-called Warburg hypothesis.
During the First World War he served as a regimental medical officer on the Western Front.
The test was originally used to identify children in need of special education, though it is still in use today for other purposes.
His textbook, Contemporary Logic Design, has sold over 85,000 copies, and has been used at over 200 colleges and universities.
These organs are one of several types of mechanoreceptors in the body, some others being Meissner corpuscles, Ruffini corpuscles, and Krause corpuscles.
Martin Gibbs was an American biochemist and educator who worked in the field of carbon metabolism.
Martin Edward Hellman is an American cryptologist, best known for his invention of public key cryptography in cooperation with Whitfield Diffie and Ralph Merkle.
              
Even though he faced religious persecution he remained a "steadfast Christian" throughout his life.
His later years were marred by a progressive neurological disease which may have been syphilis.
Furthermore, due to his important work on the link between pellagra and poor diet, he was nominated five times for the Nobel Prize.
From 1950 to 1962 Schick headed the Pediatric Department of Beth-El Hospital, Brooklyn, NY.
It also provides a way of predicting demand for new commodities, so long as they do not embody any new characteristics.
In Mar 1737, he was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society  and in 1758, a foreign member of the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences.
Jan Baptist van Helmont was a Flemish chemist, physiologist, and physician.
Other compounds they discovered include colchicine and veratrine.
Although much less well known than his grandfather William Herschel or his father John Herschel, he did pioneering work in meteor spectroscopy.
Michael Thorpe is an English-American physicist and Foundation Professor of Physics at Arizona State University.
Since the same hacking technique was used at Belgium's public/private telecom provider Belgacom, VRT makes links to the NSA hacking scandal.
Edward E. Hammer was an engineer who was at the forefront of fluorescent lighting research.
Olsen, Carsten Erik Morfologisk, biologisk og formationsstatistisk Undersøgelse af Mosserne og Karplanterne i de danske Egeskoves og Egekrats Bundflora.
He is a professor at Tel Aviv University, notable for his contributions to computational geometry and combinatorial geometry, having authored hundreds of papers.
His research in the area of ischemic heart disease has esta blished the role of oxyradicals and intracellular calcium overload in the genesis of ischemia-reperfusion injury.
Yale was awarded $500,000 in legal fees and $545,000 in damages.
He developed a new method for the making an artificial oesophagus and a method for the opening of the knee joint.
Bedau earned his PhD from Harvard University in 1961 and subsequently taught at Dartmouth College, Princeton University and Reed College before joining Tufts in 1966.
His main area of research was photochemistry, and discovered the Paternò–Büchi reaction in 1909.
He served as the Chairman of Commission J of the International Union of Radio Sciences.
Asteroid 11695 Mattei is named in her honor.
Berger is known not only for his discoveries, but also for his unusually public persona in paleoanthropology, and for making his most notable discoveries open-access projects.
After completing two bachelors and two master's degrees at MIT, he then earned a PhD in database management under Michael Hammer.
His surname is pronounced "Shane," perhaps as a reflection of the regional dialect spoken by some of his German ancestors.
Therkel Mathiassen was an archaeologist, anthropologist, cartographer, and ethnographer notable for his scientific study of the Arctic.
Montanus promoted the revival of Greek medical texts and practice, producing revisions of Galen as well as of Islamic-influenced medical texts by Rhazes and Avicenna.
Dr. Prof. Riaz Ahsan was a Pakistani statistician and mathematician who has worked in applied statistics, applied analysis, applications of special functions.
He was confirmed by the United States Senate on November 18, and sworn in on November 25, 1985.
His publications on Canadian zoology and palaeontology are numerous and important.
After serving in the Second World War, he joined Rothamsted Experimental Station for two years before returning to Cambridge as a lecturer.
The plant genera Burkillia and Burkillianthus were named in his honour.
Until 1759 he was also co-editor with Denis Diderot of the Encyclopédie.
Cuvier believed there was no evidence for evolution, but rather evidence for cyclical creations and destructions of life forms by global extinction events such as deluges.
Nilson was a member of several academies and got several awards, including the Order of the Polar Star.
Russell led the team that first identified the connection between chlorine and ozone gas depletion.
He was member in the old "Mathematical gazette" and member in the board of C.R.C.C.S.
He was a professor in the Einstein Institute of Mathematics and the Center for the Study of Rationality at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem in Israel.
He is a member of the selection committee of the Shanghai Archaeology Forum, the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences.
His parents are Virginia Miller Roundy & Willard Roundy.
Edward W. Piotrowski is head of the Applied Mathematics Group at the University of Białystok, Poland.
The foundation is non-operating and exists only to give money to other foundations or charities.
The Harris inequality in statistical physics and percolation theory is named after him.
He started This Week's Finds in 1993 for the Usenet community, and it now has a following in its new form, the blog "Azimuth".
Eugene Pleasants Odum was an American biologist at the University of Georgia known for his pioneering work on ecosystem ecology.
Hopfield was born in 1933 to Polish physicist John Joseph Hopfield and his physicist wife Helen Hopfield.
For example, Samoilenko’s alma mater has been headed for many years by his disciples.
William Murdoch was a Scottish engineer and inventor.
He was also put on the staff of the Children's Hospital of Philadelphia.
Kalmus was Associate Director, 1986–94 and Director of Particle Physics, 1994–97 at the Rutherford Appleton Laboratory.
His last name is Russian for both "colour" and "flowering."
He criticized the risk management methods used by the finance industry and warned about financial crises, subsequently profiting from the late-2000s financial crisis.
Theodore Holmes Bullock is one of the founding fathers of neuroethology.
Previously he was, successively, Assistant, Associate, Full, and Drexel Professor of Statistics and Economics at North Carolina State University.
He received his MD from the University of Rome in 1958 and his PhD from the University of Pisa in 1968.
He graduated with a doctoral degree in Environmental Health Sciences from the Harvard School of Public Health in 1976.
The reaction was improved by George Büchi, its other namesake, in 1954.
                
He retired from Bell Labs in 2013 and joined the Columbia University Electrical Engineering department.
Ralf Reski is a German Professor of Plant Biotechnology and former Dean of the Faculty of Biology of the University of Freiburg.
In particular, Feynman is known for developing an understanding of the origin of auroras.
He is currently the Samuel Eilenberg Distinguished University Professor of Mathematics and Professor of Mathematics Education at the University of Michigan.
He is a leading figure in the field of harmonic analysis.
She founded the National Coalition on Sexuality and Disability.
She demonstrated a successful intervention in premature infants, showing that stimulation improved their health and developmental outcomes.
He is the only Cuban American specialist on the staff and is bilingual in English and Spanish.
He was the director of the National Center for Supercomputing Applications at Illinois from 2014 to 2017.
In 1824, he published a Précis in which he detailed a decipherment of the hieroglyphic script demonstrating the values of its phonetic and ideographic signs.
a function φ such that φ(φ(z)) = exp(z).
He has held visiting professor positions at other universities in the United States, England, and Brazil.
Willis Harmon Ray is an American chemical engineer and a Vilas Research Professor Emeritus at the University of Wisconsin–Madison.
Kip Stephen Thorne is an American theoretical physicist, known for his contributions in gravitational physics and astrophysics.
Terence John Parr is a professor of computer science at the University of San Francisco.
This was an important milestone in understanding DNA and RNA.
Nilson was born in Skönberga parish in Östergötland, Sweden.
Franklin was editor of the MIT Journal of Mathematics and Physics from 1929.
In 1953, he was given a society award for outstanding contributions.
He arrived in the United States in 1947, and took his father's first name as his surname.
His most recent research, which he is still working on today, is largely focused on the effect that aging has on the circadian clock.
Robert Lyster Thornton was a British-Canadian-American physicist who worked on the cyclotrons at Ernest Lawrence's Radiation Laboratory in the 1930s.
Hilbe was also a two-time national champion track & field athlete,  a US team and NCAA Division 1 head coach, and Olympic Games official.
Wen-Hsiung Li is a Taiwanese American scientist working in the fields of molecular evolution, population genetics, and genomics.
His talent for chemistry drew attention from chemistry professor Lars Fredrik Svanberg, who was a former student of Jöns Jakob Berzelius.
Beneshevich was executed by the Soviet regime in 1938, and is one of the Eastern Orthodox Church's "New Martyrs".
He wrote textbooks on pharmacology and human anatomy, and treatises on smallpox, sleep, and the digestive system.
Since 2000 Brian Kernighan has been a Professor at the Computer Science Department of Princeton University, where he is also the Undergraduate Department Representative.
Lars Valerian Ahlfors was a Finnish mathematician, remembered for his work in the field of Riemann surfaces and his text on complex analysis.
Bernard Vonnegut was an American atmospheric scientist credited with discovering that silver iodide could be used effectively in cloud seeding to produce snow and rain.
His business passed to his nephew, Louis Berthoud.
He received his Ph.D. from the Courant Institute of Mathematical Sciences at New York University in 1968.
from Harvard College, 1959 and his Ph.D. from University of Cincinnati, 1963.
Lyne writes that he is "mostly interested in finding and understanding radio pulsars in all their various forms and with their various companions.
Hartmann is a Fellow of the International Association of Astronomical Artists.
Elisséeff served in 1916 as Privat-Dozent at Petrograd Imperial University, and in 1917 as Professor in the Institute for the History of Foreign Affairs in Petrograd.
                
Despite his great achievements, he was never awarded any prize for his work, a fact which he resented, as he felt he was underappreciated.
He is the Book Reviews section editor of The Mathematical Intelligencer.
Co-authored with Elizabeth DePoy, Gilson developed Explanatory Legitimacy Theory.
He became one of the most prolific public advocates of nuclear power for Australia.
After the war, Sands studied cosmic rays for his doctorate at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology under the supervision of Bruno Rossi.
One of his publications was a translation of the 1628 physiological work De motu cordis from Latin to English.
Gummel joined Bell Laboratories in 1956; his doctoral advisor, Melvin Lax, had moved from Syracuse University to Bell the previous year.
Cacciatore helped Piazzi compile the second edition of the Palermo Star Catalogue.
Avraham has been awarded the Bruno Memorial Prize from the Rothschild Foundation.
Dow was the plant's first manager and electrical engineer for the city of Detroit.
John Hudson was an English mathematician and clergyman.
Sir Christopher Munro "Chris" Clark, FBA is an Australian historian working in England.
His chief scientific and philosophical works are:
Among the new species which he described in these works are the brown water snake, the brown snake and the ornate chorus frog.
Born on a farm near Ivan, Ontario, he received a Bachelor of Medicine from the University of Toronto in 1905.
He is a member of the Hungarian Academy of Sciences.
He became an international expert on lakes and wrote the four-volume Treatise on Limnology in 1957.
Dubois at the University of Amsterdam and then curator of the geological collections at Delft University.
Dr. Zandstra is a fellow of the American Institute for Medical and Biological Engineering and the American Association for the Advancement of Science.
She had collected the holotype for this subspecies on a field trip with her husband for his dissertation research, and he named it in her honor.
On 14 January 2008, the memorial plaque of Mark Krein was unveiled on the main administration building of I.I.
Conceptually, the main novelty of L4 was its complete reliance on external pagers, and the recursive construction of address spaces.
He died in 1807 at his home in Groslay near Montmorency, Seine et Oise.
In 1960, he participated in an expedition from Mawson Station which conducted the first geological surveys of the Napier Mountains in Antarctica.
Holling is one of the conceptual founders of ecological economics.
He won a LExEN Award for his work "A Window Into the Extreme Environment of Deep Subsurface Microbial Communities: Witwatersrand Deep Microbiology Project".
The two men knew of each other, Evans having visited Schliemann's sites.
Murray Thomas Batchelor, is an Australian mathematical physicist.
Traditionally, anthropologists studied folk ways in the "little tradition", taking into account broader civilization, the "great tradition".
Borodovsky is interested in promoting bioinformatics education.
His current research is concerned primarily with petascale computing and its application to Grand Challenge problems.
67 taxa were named after him between 1953 and 2009.
She wrote a children’s book, The Earth Beneath our Feet, aimed at encouraging broader knowledge and interest in the science she was so passionate about.
Susan Solomon is an atmospheric chemist, working for most of her career at the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration.
He is a member of the Royal Danish Academy of Sciences and Letters, the Finnish Academy of Science and Letters.
Wissler was a specialist in North American ethnography, focusing on the Indians of the Plains.
He was an authority on the Coccinellidae and Erotylidae of the world.
This experience of action teaching, he says, “leads not only to a better understanding of psychology but to a more just, compassionate and peaceful world.” 
Called the "Indiana Jones of Wildlife Protection" by Time, he has studied jaguars, clouded leopards, Asiatic leopards, tigers, Sumatran rhinos, bears, leopard cats, raccoons, and civets.
Construction operations of Little Harbor Yachts were moved to Northern Taiwan.
He is the IBM Professor of Engineering and Applied Mathematics in Computer Science at Cornell University.
He invented techniques to both humanise and, later, to fully humanise using phage display, antibodies for therapeutic uses.
There was nothing whatever eventful in his life, and besides his few entomological contributions, he was nothing more than a plain, plodding, honest country parson.
During World War II he served as civilian consultant to the Army Communications and Co-ordination Board of the Chief Signal Officer, United States Army.
Fred C. Adams is an American astrophysicist who has made contributions to the study of physical cosmology.
Holt, and the implementation of the Euclid and SP/k languages with R.C.
He worked as an accountant at Lingley, Baird, and Dixon from 1925 until 1927.
Heegaard's ideas allowed him to make a careful critique of work of Henri Poincaré.
He grew up on the island of Hidra in Vest-Agder as the son of a ship's captain.
He is known also for books, with Klaus Roth on combinatorial number theory, and with H. E. Richert on sieve theory.
Walton was instrumental in the development and funding of the Human Genome Project.
Anderson was the Aaron L. Binenkorb Professor Emeritus of International Studies, Government & Asian Studies at Cornell University.
              
He focused on exploration of these topics through laboratory experimentation and survey research.
In 1950, Kurchatov contributed in the development of the Hydrogen bomb with Andrei Sakharov who originated this development as Sakharov's Third Idea.
Changeux is known by the non-scientific public for his ideas regarding the connection between mind and physical brain.
In 2011, Faggin founded the Federico and Elvia Faggin Foundation to support the scientific study of consciousness at US universities and research institutes.
Perley Gilman Nutting was an optical physicist and the founder of the Optical Society of America.
This reaction is widely used for the synthesis of organic derivatives of non-transition metals with their further transformation into various classes of organometallic compounds.
Daniel William Coquillett was an American entomologist who specialised in Diptera.
He is best remembered for the Mahalanobis distance, a statistical measure and for being one of the members of the first Planning commission of free India.
In 1956 he founded the influential Journal of Fluid Mechanics which he edited for some forty years.
In 1959 he was admitted to college and moved to Curitiba, Paraná, to attend classes at the prestigious College of Agronomy of Universidade Federal do Paraná.
As a result, he acquired a reputation for frequently changing his own position.
Henry and his brother William joined the Geological Survey of India in 1855 and his first work was to study the coal deposits of Talcher, Orissa.
Johann Hermann Wolfgang Mulzer is a German organic chemist, best known for his work in total synthesis.
In this school, he was a contemporary of another great name in the history of medicine, Paul Ehrlich.
At another experiment he made, the wire was 12,276 feet.
While working in Water Research Institute of ČKD Dukla corp., he started external doctor course at Department of Heat Engineering, Institute of Chemical Technology in Prague.
The survey team determined the lake was 1,996 feet deep.
Braunstein has written or edited three books and has published more than one hundred and thirty papers, which have been cited over twenty-one thousand times.
and Neomillspaughia S.F.Blake were named in his honor.
She was a graduate of Stanford University and a student of Nils J. Nilsson.
"Ted" Irving, CM FRSC FRS was a geologist and scientist with the Geological Survey of Canada.
Born in Karlsbad, a town located in the Austrian Empire, Loschmidt became professor of physical chemistry at the University of Vienna in 1868.
In 1965, she was awarded the Annie J. Cannon Award in Astronomy by the American Astronomical Society.
His earlier suggestion for a variance-stabilizing transformation for Poisson data is often known as the Anscombe transform.
Arthur Bruce McDonald, CC OOnt ONS FRS FRSC is a Canadian astrophysicist.
Gregor Wentzel was a German physicist known for development of quantum mechanics.
He was at NASA Goddard Space Flight Centre as a Senior Associate selected by National Research Council.
He later published a textbook on statistical computing in APL.
In it Arnheim critiques the assumption that language goes before perception and that words are the stepping stones of thinking.
Clark chair of Pharmacology at UCL, and was the Hon.
Charles Adolphe Wurtz was an Alsatian French chemist.
The Internet connects people who have shared interests, ideas and needs, regardless of geography."
Shatunovsky died in 1929 from stomach cancer two days after his 70th birthday.
Horace Craig Heller is a physiologist and biologist, currently a professor at Stanford University.
Thebesius is known for his studies of coronary circulation.
In 2013 he was elected as a foreign member to the Royal Society of London.
Keller's early work concentrated at the intersection of physics and biology.
Richard Abel Musgrave was an American economist of German heritage.
      
After his retirement, the laboratory has been named the "Theodor Rehbock Laboratory".
Phillip Raymond Shriver was an American historian and college administrator who was president of Miami University in Oxford, Ohio, from 1965 to 1981.
His likeness, together with the rest of the Paris Faculty of Medicine, was included in a 1904 painting by Adrien Barrère.
He was born in Hillsdale, Michigan, and earned his Ph.D. in physics at the University of Michigan under the supervision of H. Richard Crane.
He took an assistant professor position at State University College at Oneonta, New York, from 1978-1980.
Horwich first published this work in 1989.
He became a professor at the seminary college Collegium Hosianum in Braunsberg.
Due to the lack of popularity of behaviorism in modern contexts it is little referenced today or bracketed as obsolete.
lecturer in Sociology in the College of Commerce and Administration of the Ohio State University
Karl Anton Eugen Prantl, also known as Carl Anton Eugen Prantl, was a German botanist.
Before arriving at Duke University in 2003, he was the James Walter Eminent Scholar in Economics at the University of Florida.
Daniel Singer "Dan" Bricklin, often referred to as “The Father of the Spreadsheet”, is the American co-creator, with Bob Frankston, of the VisiCalc spreadsheet program.
The Dunford decomposition, Dunford–Pettis property, and Dunford-Schwartz theorem bear his name.
In February 2014, IEEE named Cleve the recipient of the 2014 IEEE John von Neumann Medal.
Compton oversaw Enrico Fermi's creation of Chicago Pile-1, the first nuclear reactor, which went critical on December 2, 1942.
Edmund Knowles Muspratt was an English chemical industrialist.
Based on his microscopic observations of fossils, Hooke was an early proponent of biological evolution.
After completion of his PhD, Thoroughman was a postdoctoral fellow with Eve Marder at Brandeis University.
Shull played an important role in the development of hybrid maize which had great impact upon global agriculture.
Robert Francis Furchgott was a Nobel Prize-winning American biochemist who contributed to the discovery of nitric oxide as a transient cellular signal in mammalian systems.
The youngest of four children, she was the younger sister of Clinton Hart Merriam.
He has also been awarded many distinguished prizes throughout his scientific career.
Between 1999 and 2006, she was the managing editor of the Journal of Zoology.
The asteroid 17063 Papaloizou is named after John Papaloizou.
He won a Nobel Prize in Chemistry in 1963 with Karl Ziegler for work on high polymers.
He founded the Indian Statistical Institute, and contributed to the design of large-scale sample surveys.
Sande helped found to the Gladstone Institute of Virology and Immunology, which performed trials on some of the first anti-retrovirals such as zidovudine.
He also conducted early investigations of neuralgia.
Geoff Lawton is a permaculture consultant, designer, teacher and speaker.
In 2016, she was working at Apple, but has since returned to Nest as Chief Technology Officer.
He introduced the concept of universal conductance fluctuations to describe these small devices at low temperatures.
For the next three years, he was a postdoctoral research associate at Princeton University.
in geology and PhD in astronomy from the University of Arizona.
He also wrote Introduction to Physiological Optics.
Senebier was greatly influenced by Swiss naturalist Charles Bonnet.
Nye began his career as a mechanical engineer for Boeing Corporation in Seattle, where he invented a hydraulic resonance suppressor tube used on 747 airplanes.
He has been the first to prove the three-dimensional case of the Brouwer fixed-point theorem, but his work was not noticed at the time.
Arthur Leonard Rubin is an American mathematician and aerospace engineer.
Manson was inflicted with gout during his service in China.
Spearheaded by Ernst Mach and Wilhelm Ostwald, a strong philosophical current that denied the existence of molecules arose towards the end of the 19th century.
Some themes are Global stability and hyperbolicity, bifurcations, attractors and chaotic systems.
He was widely regarded as a pioneer in the science of tropical cyclone forecasting and one of the world's leading experts on tropical storms.
Hämeen-Anttila also translated the Qur'an into Finnish in the year 1995 and the epic of Gilgamesh in the year 2000.
He is the first surgeon in the U.S. to be elected to the Third World Academy of Sciences.
He was also involved in practical applications, to medicine and industry, such as the French development of porcelain.
Since 1988 till 1992 he was the head of Laboratory of algorithmic methods Leningrad Department of the Steklov Mathematical Institute.
Violle is believed by some to be the secret identity of Fulcanelli, a contemporary French alchemist whose true identity is still debated.
He has taught at Princeton University, New York University and Oxford University.
In 1979, Rich and co-workers at MIT grew a crystal of Z-DNA.
Albert Victor Bäcklund was a Swedish mathematician and physicist.
In 2000, Kroemer, along with Zhores I. Alferov, was awarded the Nobel Prize in Physics "for developing semiconductor heterostructures used in high-speed- and opto-electronics".
There he worked on a wide range of problems, including a study of the effectiveness of inoculation with the statistician Udny Yule.
Juliet Clutton-Brock, FSA, FZS was an English zooarchaeologist and curator, specialising in domesticated mammals.
Rosenkranz stepped down as CEO in 1982, at the age of 65.
Weather Bureau, and earned a doctorate in meteorology from George Washington University in 1929.
During the War he served with the Chemical War Service as its chief of the research section of offense.
He continued his research primarily on bone replacement, with extensions to cartilage and skin substitution.
Patrick A. Lee is a professor of physics at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.
He earned his Diplom Ingenieur and doctorate in 1927 and 1931, respectively, and habilitated in 1938.
Domenico Maria Novara was an Italian scientist.
Member of the Académie d'agriculture de France since 2010, he is the president of the Section "Human Food" since 2011.
The lead-acid battery eventually became the first rechargeable electric battery marketed for commercial use.
He was director of the Institute for Mathematics and its Applications from 1987 to 1997.
However he was an early critic of Fleischmann and Pons's claims to have developed a useful method of cold fusion.
Carlyle Smith Beals, OC FRS was a Canadian astronomer.
Yanofsky was elected a foreign member of the Royal Society in 1985 and was one of the recipients of the 2003 National Medal of Science awards.
He was able to implement the seminar teaching method in his classroom and focused on archival research and analysis of historical documents.
He left to work as an instructor in 1884, and taught at Maxwell, Osprey Township for the following three years.
She also helped to open up the chemistry of organolanthanides.
Moore was also a self-taught xylophonist, glockenspiel player and pianist, as well as an accomplished composer.
A former graduate student under Ivar Waller, Löwdin formulated in 1950 the symmetric orthogonalization scheme for molecular orbital calculations.
In 1960 and 1961 Donike competed in the Tour de France.
He started his professional career at the University of Rangoon, Burma.
at Columbia University from the Atmospheric Sciences Program within the Department of Geological Sciences.
He spent many of his years of research at University of California, Berkeley in the Department of Entomology, Division of Insect Pathology.
He was a visiting professor at the European University Institute in 1999.
Peyton Young was named a Fellow of the Econometric Society in 1995 and a Fellow of the British Academy in 2007.
The gyrator is useful to simulate the effect of an inductor without using a coil.
Estridge was rapidly promoted, and by 1984 was IBM Vice President, Manufacturing supervising all manufacturing worldwide.
Peter van Nieuwenhuizen is a Dutch physicist.
He has been remembered fondly by his colleagues for both his personal and professional contributions.
The University of Chicago has been criticized for not providing the oversight during Bettelheim's tenure which it normally provided.
He was murdered in the Theresienstadt concentration camp.
        
Masataka Ogawa was a Japanese chemist known for the discovery of rhenium, which he named nipponium.
In 2003, he was elected a Fellow of the American Meteorological Society.
Damon has been elected to the National Academy of Education and the American Academy of Arts and Sciences.
Bernard de Wit studied theoretical physics at Utrecht University, where he got his PhD under supervision of Nobel Prize laureate Martinus Veltman in 1973.
Edward Anthony Spitzka was an American anatomist who autopsied the brain of Leon Czolgosz, the assassin of president William McKinley.
Together with Askar Akayev and George Malinetsky he is a coordinator of the Russian Academy of Sciences Program "System Analysis and Mathematical Modeling of World Dynamics".
that gave rise to much research on functional language optimization.
She was the director of the Museu Paraense Emílio Goeldi from 1914 to 1922.
She has been married since 1967 to the British evolutionary biologist Brian Charlesworth.
Worden has authored or co-authored more than 150 scientific papers in astrophysics, space sciences, and strategic studies.
Previously he was a faculty member at the University of California, Berkeley, and a Distinguished Member of Technical Staff at AT&T Bell Laboratories.
He is a recipient of the Volvo Environment Prize and the Tyler Prize for Environmental Achievement.
He also developed the Hammick reaction which generates ortho-substituted pyridines.
He was the first to perform spinal anesthesia and intravenous regional anesthesia.
In prime number theory, he proved Rosser's theorem.
Wien's scientific research were in the areas of high frequency electronics, acoustics, and electrolyte conductance.
They have taken their masterclass workshops to Singapore and recently have been doing the same on behalf of the British Council in France.
Dmitri Dmitrievich Ivanenko, Soviet-Ukrainian physicist-theorist, made a great contribution to the physical science of the twentieth century, especially to nuclear physics, field theory, and gravitation theory.
He was a statistician at Educational Testing Service and a visiting professor at Princeton University.
His contributions were primarily industrial but also span the fields of electrical, mechanical, agricultural and automobile engineering.
His most recent work challenges the widely held economic theory of growth.
He also served as a U.S. representative at numerous international radio conferences.
A largely self-taught man in science, he is commonly known as "the Father of Microbiology", and often considered to be the first acknowledged microscopist and microbiologist.
Friedrich W. Solmsen was a philologist and professor of classical studies.
She is currently completing a book titled Be Creative?
Initially a proponent of psychoanalytic literary criticism, Crews later rejected psychoanalysis, becoming a critic of Sigmund Freud and his scientific and ethical standards.
It was his resultant self-titled Flexner Report, published in 1910, that sparked the reform of medical education in the United States and Canada.
Avila generally forecasts with a quirky personal touch.
Hlawka did most of his work at the Vienna University of Technology.
Later he studied under Josef Redtenbacher in Prague.
1 ESS, and for planning and development of No.
She is credited with founding feminist psychology in response to Freud's theory of penis envy.
Ishtiaq Ahmed is a Swedish political scientist and author of Pakistani descent.
Jens Martin Knudsen was a Danish astrophysicist.
A number of mathematical concepts are named after him: Kleene hierarchy, Kleene algebra, the Kleene star, Kleene's recursion theorem and the Kleene fixpoint theorem.
The extension of Mori’s results to dimensions higher than three is called the Mori program and, as of 2006, is an active area of algebraic geometry.
Wintgen became professor at the newly founded University of Cologne in 1924 where he stayed until his retirement in 1950.
Participants from Austria, Australia, Belgium, Bulgaria, Czech Republic, Denmark, Germany, France, UK, Hungary, Italy, Norway, Netherlands, Romania, Sweden, USA, USSR, and Yugoslavia attended the symposium.
He was the Senior Pro-Vice-Chancellor of the University of Cambridge from 2003 to 2009.
Carl Groos Jockusch, Jr. is an American mathematician.
In Why People Die by Suicide, Joiner posits the interpersonal theory of suicide, a three-part explanation of suicide which focuses on ability and desire.
Bessey remained at Michigan State until his retirement in 1946.
During his tenure at Tsinghua, he mentored a number of historians in the study of Qing history, including John K. Fairbank.
Alfred Bourne, secretary of the British Foreign School Society, and he joined the University College School after a liberal home education.
Twenty seven of these papers were reports to the US Air Force at Wright Field on Weibull analysis.
Among his awards were the Elliott Cresson Medal in 1940 and the Perkin Medal in 1947.
He became a member of the National Academy of Sciences in 1936 and served 1949–51 as president of the American Mathematical Society.
He is known for two major contributions:
set off research into spectral theory, with the idea of understanding the extent to which the spectrum allows one to read back the geometry.
'Juba Dubai' was not sung at the 1977 calypso monarch competition.
Because of his pioneer heritage, he was equally comfortable with internationally renowned scientists or with farmers in the field.
        
        
Honesty, a stranger in our days, to publish it to the world, I have done it."
                
In 1958 he was an invited speaker at the International Mathematical Congress in Edinburgh.
In 1910-1911, he was president of the American Philological Association.
Heinrich Hlasiwetz was an Austrian chemist born in Reichenberg, Bohemia.
Jan Sładkowski was born in Świętochłowice, Poland in 1958.
His son, Ken Kleene, wrote: "As far as I am aware this pronunciation is incorrect in all known languages.
Paul Pierson is a professor of political science and holder of the John Gross Endowed Chair of Political Science at the University of California, Berkeley.
Budwig was a pharmacist and held doctorate degrees in physics and chemistry.
She wrote what is considered the first bird field guide in the modern tradition, Birds Through an Opera-Glass, published in 1890.
He sits on the Board of Directors of the National Association of Scholars.
His research interests were in quantum field theory, especially the interface between high-energy particle physics and cosmology.
Shlomo Havlin is a Professor in the Department of Physics at Bar-Ilan University, Ramat-Gan, Israel.
John Kerr FRS was a Scottish physicist and a pioneer in the field of electro-optics.
Nagata's conjecture on automorphisms concerns the existence of wild automorphisms of polynomial algebras in three variables.
Clapp attended Syracuse University and the University of Chicago, earning both the first and second Ph.B.
He was the son of Benjamin Haworth of Haworth Hall.
He claims to be honoured to be frequently confused for Matt Ridley, another writer on evolution who is also from the UK.
He is best known as a quantitative analyst, and author of the book My Life as a Quant: Reflections on Physics and Finance.
The laboratory later transferred to the Chalk River, and built the ZEEP Reactor, the first outside the U.S.A.
He later served as the Chairman and CEO of National Security Research, Inc. from 1997 to 2005.
He was particularly successful as a teacher, and the laboratory established at Leipzig under his direction in 1843 was long regarded as a model institution.
He is also co-founder of SustainAbility and of Environmental Data Services.
          
from Wesleyan University, in 1992 a M.A.
In 1889 he returned to Berlin; but he visited the Italian colony of Eritrea in 1891, 1892 and 1894.
In 1924 he became member of the Royal Netherlands Academy of Arts and Sciences.
She died of mercury poisoning at the age of 48 due to accidental exposure to the organic mercury compound dimethylmercury2).
Anatoli Georgievich Vitushkin was a Soviet mathematician noted for his work on mathematical analysis and analytic capacity.
Floyd Karker Richtmyer was a physicist and educator in the United States.
He is known mostly as an early researcher in the theory of finite groups.
Hugo von Mohl was a German botanist from Stuttgart.
      
After receiving his doctorate, Householder concentrated on the field of mathematical biology, working with several other researchers with Nicolas Rashevsky at the University of Chicago.
Franz Ulrich Theodor Aepinus was a German and Russian Empire natural philosopher.
A patristic scholar and philosopher at Tübingen, Albert Schwegler, gave the School's theories their most vigorous expression.
During World War II, Griffin worked for National Defense Research Committee where he supported the approval of the bat bomb.
Simon Marius also observed the Andromeda "nebula", which had also been known to Arab astronomers of the Middle Ages.
He believes that public policy relating to sexuality should be driven by scientific data rather than emotion, "tradition" or popular but untrue myths.
From 1966 until retirement in 1989 he was Professor of Mathematics and Electrical Engineering at University of Southern California.
From 1985 to 1989 he was project leader and manager at IBM Germany, Institute of Knowledge Based Systems.
He was a Commander of the Order of the British Empire.
Jeffrey H. Dinitz is an American mathematician, currently teaching combinatorics at the University of Vermont.
      
Richard Axel is a molecular biologist and University Professor in the Department of Neuroscience at Columbia University and investigator at the Howard Hughes Medical Institute.
            6972593
He was previously contributing editor of Newsweek magazine and held other journalistic positions.
      
He died in Toronto in 1957 at the age of 98.
In 1982, he joined the University of Toronto as a Professor of Medicine.
His uncle, Peter Friedrich Bouché, and father Peter Karl Bouché continued the business.
Jacqueline Myriam McGlade is a British-born Canadian marine biologist and environmental informatics professor.
He has made important contributions to particle physics and string theory.
On April 25, 2008, he was chosen to succeed Kari Raivio as chancellor of the University of Helsinki, beginning 1 June 2008.
Originally trained in physiology, Diamond is known for drawing from a variety of fields, including anthropology, ecology, geography and evolutionary biology.
Christopher Isham, usually cited as Chris J. Isham, is a theoretical physicist at Imperial College London.
Price's theorem explains how the no hair theorem is enforced.
He was a professor at the University of Bonn and travelled extensively throughout Europe and the Near East in order to locate manuscripts of New Testament.
Angels Fear was co-authored by his daughter Mary Catherine Bateson.
Ole Eiler Barndorff-Nielsen is a Danish statistician who has contributed to many areas of statistical science.
He was the author of over 100 publications and maps in the fields of palaeontology, biostratigraphy and regional geology.
Sakamura has inked deals with Chinese and Korean universities to work together on Ubiquitous Networking.
Johann Tobias Mayer was a German physicist.
His studies identified the boundary layer, thin-airfoils, and lifting-line theories.
D. , Christian Chung Yuan University, Taiwan, 2005.
He is best known for elucidating the mechanisms involved in development of the cerebral cortex.
Kandel, who had studied psychoanalysis, wanted to understand how memory works.
Wang received the SB and SM from MIT, and the PhD in chemical engineering from the University of Pennsylvania in 1963.
He teaches physics at Cleveland State University.
He was appointed assistant professor in 1978, associate professor in 1982 and full professor in the Department of Electrical Engineering and Computer Sciences in 1985.
After a while the monkey realised that thinking about moving the shape was enough and it no longer needed to move the joystick.
He was also a notable contributor on the history of British civil engineering.
In 1912, he was named as professor of geology at the Collège de France.
He earned his MD from Rush Medical College, in 1978.
He is credited with introducing a flap operation for treatment of cataracts, as well as popularizing the instrument used to perform the surgery.
In 1981 she was awarded the Landau Prize of Israel for outstanding Master of Science work and in 1988, the Marcus prize for outstanding Ph.D work.
Furthermore, the democratic, rational and critical elements of mathematical thinking and mathematical communities mean that errors are eliminated.
He spent many years verifying the positions of 6380 nebulae.
He has also testified before Congress and has briefed the U.S. vice president concerning ice-sheet stability and is often quoted or featured in the media.
Pasteur made significant discoveries in chemistry, most notably on the molecular basis for the asymmetry of certain crystals and racemization.
Vass is the son of a Hungarian immigrant.
      
His team is investigating how such cells can be transplanted back to the brain and spinal cord.
He was interested in linguistics at an early age; during Norwegian classes in secondary school he read books in Greek and Esperanto.
Harold Davenport FRS was an English mathematician, known for his extensive work in number theory.
Born in Berlin, Germany, he was educated at the University of Freiburg, the University of Marburg, the University of Vienna, and the University of Berlin.
2010 Patrick Stover from Cornell University on folate-genome interactions
Svante Pääbo is a Swedish biologist specializing in evolutionary genetics.
In addition he carried out meteorological observations in Alaska for the Smithsonian Institution.
Of his lectures the public saw only some articles on special subjects which were distributed in a number of reviews.
Edzard Ernst is an academic physician and researcher specializing in the study of complementary and alternative medicine.
He died at age 85 on July 16, 2013, in Halifax, Nova Scotia.
Sir Leonard Bairstow, CBE, FRS, FRAeS was a son of Uriah Bairstow, a wealthy Halifax, West Yorkshire man and keen mathematician.
In 1910, Newell became state entomologist in Texas for five years.
He is the author of a dozen books.
Bùi Tường Phong was a Vietnamese-born French-American computer graphics researcher and pioneer.
Kenneth Wartinbee Spence was a prominent American psychologist known for both his theoretical and experimental contributions to learning theory and motivation.
Along with Paul Callahan he published many articles on efficient algorithms for computing the well-separated pair decomposition of a point set.
          
She is probably most famous for her 1982 University of Massachusetts Amherst dissertation The semantics of definite and indefinite noun phrases.
Charles Émile Picard ForMemRS was a French mathematician.
He received his Ph.D from the University of Adelaide in 2008 and a Doctor of Science from the University of Waikato in 2011.
He also developed a method for the analysis of nitrogen in compounds.
By 1902, Knapp was employed by the government to promote good agricultural practices in the South.
Frank Lee Pyman FRS was an English academic and commercial research chemist.
Prof. Bercaw has greatly enhanced our understanding of the mechanisms of Ziegler-Natta olefin polymerizations.
Marie-Sophie Germain was a French mathematician, physicist, and philosopher.
Robert Abraham Esau was a German physicist.
And if he suddenly opens a new direction in science, then his name immediately gains recognition".
Despite – or perhaps because of – the deep impact made by his lectures, Steffens was not made welcome by the Danish authorities.
Sir Gustav Victor Joseph Nossal, AC, CBE is a distinguished Australian research biologist.
Harold Kushner received his Ph.D. in Electrical Engineering from the University of Wisconsin in 1958.
He also maintains an active research programme, focused on Triangulations, Normal Surfaces and Algorithms associated to these techniques.
Robert Kemp Adair is an American physicist.
She is the sister of Judy Estrin.
David Amiel Freedman was Professor of Statistics at the University of California, Berkeley.
He was a foundation member of the International Academy of Quantum Molecular Science.
Major-General William Roy FRS, AS was a Scottish military engineer, surveyor, and antiquarian.
Hilary Koprowski was a Polish virologist and immunologist active in the United States, and inventor of the world's first effective live polio vaccine.
He formulated the Ehrenfeucht–Fraïssé game, using the back-and-forth method given by Roland Fraïssé in his thesis.
His precise measurements of mass differences between nuclear isotopes allowed him to confirm Albert Einstein's mass-energy equivalence concept.
He has also published plays and poetry.
In 2010 he was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society of Edinburgh and in 2014 made an Honorary Fellow of the Royal Scottish Geographical Society.
Grady Booch is an American software engineer, best known for developing the Unified Modeling Language with Ivar Jacobson and James Rumbaugh.
            
In 1994, he became an associate professor, and in 2000 a full professor.
He wrote several books on diverse aspects of physics, the most notable of which is Modern Quantum Theory.
The company, which Saxl ran jointly with his wife, Lucretia Hildreth Saxl, from their home in Harvard, Massachusetts, was renamed Tensitron in 1953.
Dupuit's reputation as an economist does not rest on his advocacy of laissez-faire economics but on frequent contributions to periodicals.
William Hume-Rothery OBE FRS was an English metallurgist and materials scientist who studied the constitution of alloys.
While Arts Computing Lecturer at Birkbeck College London he pioneered the digital imaging of paintings together with The National Gallery, London in the European project VASARI.
He was a fellow and later the Hunterian Professor and conservator of the Hunterian Museum of the Royal College of Surgeons of England.
The mature technology of the QCL is now finding commercial applications.
His discoveries include 128 minor planets and 3 comets.
Douglas Scott Falconer FRS FRSE was a Scottish geneticist known for his work in quantitative genetics.
In addition, Flexner was the first to describe Flexner-Wintersteiner rosettes, a characteristic finding in retinoblastoma, a type of cancer.
Read received his Ph.D. in graph theory from the University of London.
George Pake was a physicist and research executive primarily known for helping found Xerox PARC.
He married Josephine Sullivan in 1937; they had five children.
[Na(NH3)x]+4[Pb9]4− is one of the examples he discovered.
He also developed and named the principal component analysis method widely used statistics and computer science.
Reed received his Ph.D. from Syracuse University in 1983.
He is a professor at the Weizmann Institute of Science.
In a world dominated by scientific achievements and problems, Slade believed that there should be a political party that represented the scientific point of view.
At the time of his death he was the longest-serving member of the American Rocket Society which he joined in 1939.
in Operational Research from Lancaster University and a Ph.D. in Finance from Cranfield University.
Gomory has written extensively on the nature of technology development, industrial competitiveness, models of international trade, and the function of the corporation in a globalizing world.
This last problem is a classical one, initiated by Gauss, and the paper is still being vetted by experts.
He was named as one of the 40 modern-day Leonardos by the Museum of Science and Industry Chicago.
Marc Hetherington is an American political scientist.
Paul Richard Heinrich Blasius was a German fluid dynamics physicist.
He then informed Apple about the security hole, who then promptly expelled him from the App Store.
He made pioneering contributions in the fields of electron microscopy, diffraction and crystallography, all of which brought him widespread recognition.
In 1892, Beilby patented a production method for hydrogen cyanide.
In the 1860s he taught classes on nervous and mental illnesses.
Anna Botsford Comstock was an American artist, educator, conservationist, and a leader of the nature study movement.
He received his Ph.D. from Queen's University in 1987 and was inducted into the Royal Society of Canada in 2006.
He discovered the Bacillus Calmette-Guérin, an attenuated form of Mycobacterium bovis used in the BCG vaccine against tuberculosis.
He is currently a professor at Columbia University and the academic supervisor of HSE International Laboratory of Representation Theory and Mathematical Physics.
He died in New York City in 1965.
His work with Frank Ludlam on the supercell thunderstorm at Wokingham, UK in 1962 was the first detailed study of such a storm.
His book on that topic "Synthesis of Digital Automata" became well known.
In 1978 he became a professor of biological sciences at Columbia, ascending to the deanship of Columbia College in 1982.
Flanders also wrote calculus software MicroCalc, ver 1–7.
Gibson was elected to the National Academy of Sciences in 1971 and as a fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences in 1977.
Pielke was a visiting scholar at Oxford University's Saïd Business School in the 2007-2008 academic year.
His mathematical abilities have been highlighted in newspaper and magazine articles, at TED Talks and on the Colbert Report.
Cravatt was elected to the National Academy of Sciences in 2014, and the American Academy of Arts and Sciences in 2016.
He has a total of 314 mathematical descendants.
He also introduced Hironaka's example showing that a deformation of Kähler manifolds need not be Kähler.
Swan was the maternal grandfather of Christopher Morcom, Alan Turing's close friend and first love during their studies at the Sherborne boarding school.
He lived and worked in that nation the rest of his life.
He was the thesis advisor of at least 11 students including Wendelin Werner.
The mineral Lawsonite is named for him, as is the Lawson Adit, originally a mining construction research tunnel on UC Berkeley's campus.
Edwin Oldfather Reischauer was an American educator and professor at Harvard University.
studies of animal husbandry at the Kansas State Agricultural College.
His academic and organizational work with Latin American indigenous communities contributed to the late 20th century public interest anthropology movement.
Her own works Tvang til seksualitet and Sex i arbeid(et) i Norge pertained to the field of gender and sexuality studies, and the former became controversial.
In 2007, he was inducted as a Fellow of the Association for Computing Machinery.
The following year found him at the Royal Botanic Gardens at Kew where he was Assistant for India.
Kling now has his own blog, askblog which sports the motto: "taking the most charitable views of those who disagree."
Many of his former Ph.D. students were present at a festive ceremony at Georgia Tech University.
Lee and Yang were the first Chinese laureates.
He is also the author of Continuous Quality Improvement and The Essential Guide to Developing Your Staff.
He was President of the Moscow Mathematical Society.
He attended the Xaverian College Catholic high school in Brighton.
Nicola Cabibbo was an Italian physicist, best known for his work on the weak interaction.
The geological division of the SLU Department of Earth and Atmospheric Sciences is housed in Macelwane Hall.
Harold Dadford West was an American biochemist who was the first to synthesize threonine.
He received his BA from the University of Chicago and his PhD from Princeton University.
He was born in Toronto, Canada, and grew up in Marshalltown, Iowa and Seattle, Washington.
In 1977 he retired as head of the medical cell research and genetics department at the Karolinska Institute in Stockholm
During this period he also traveled to the United States where undertook postgraduate research at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.
Sir Arthur Lyon Bowley was an English statistician and economist who worked on economic statistics and pioneered the use of sampling techniques in social surveys.
Willem Jacob 's Gravesande was a Dutch mathematician and natural philosopher, chiefly remembered for developing experimental demonstrations of the laws of classical mechanics.
During his time he worked for Quaker he helped develop cereals such as Cap'n Crunch and Life.
He joined the chemical firm Roberts, Dale in Manchester which he knew from his former visit.
Robert Paul "Bob" Kraft was an American astronomer.
In 1920 he was offered a job at the Mineralogical Museum in St. Petersburg.
He is a member of the U.S. National Academy of Sciences and has twice served as the President of the International Association of Mathematical Physics.
Joseph Bishop Keller was an American mathematician who specialized in applied mathematics.
The three had conducted loosely related research.
James Young was a Scottish chemist best known for his method of distilling paraffin from coal and oil shales.
John Barkley Rosser Sr. was an American logician, a student of Alonzo Church, and known for his part in the Church–Rosser theorem, in lambda calculus.
To maximize compatibility, schema designers can try to assure that their naming conventions use the same meanings as SUMO for identical words.
Following his retirement in 1997 he was granted the position Professor Emeritus at the University of Regina which is what the Regina campus became in 1974.
He made notable contributions to analytic geometry, probability, and optics.
As a Marshall scholar, Montgomery earned his Ph.D. from the University of Cambridge.
Solomon is a member of the U.S. National Academy of Sciences, the European Academy of Sciences, and the French Academy of Sciences.
In 1872 he was one of the members of the International Metric Commission at Paris and was made a member of the permanent committee.
He married in 1943 to Pauline and had a family of three sons and a daughter.
According to the Web of Science she has published over 300 articles in peer-reviewed journals.
He has published over 56 articles and has enacted as advisor for the World Health Organization.
Sir Graeme John Davies FRSNZ is a New Zealand engineer, academic and administrator.
His work propelled Manchester and Britain into the forefront of the emerging field of computer science.
Eric Harris Davidson was an American developmental biologist at the California Institute of Technology.
On April 2, 2009, Dowd at the United Nations addressed the lack of an evolutionary worldview which he maintains has resulted in a global integrity crisis.
This work also popularised the third dictum in cell theory: Omnis cellula e cellula; although his idea originated in 1855.
Masatsugu Sei Suzuki is a Japanese-American physicist.
He helped pioneer the development of VLSI theory, including the retiming method of digital optimization with James B. Saxe and systolic arrays with H. T. Kung.
As a mathematician and physicist, he made many original fundamental contributions to pure and applied mathematics, mathematical physics, and celestial mechanics.
Having had no formal schooling since the age of 12, he had to take his first degrees as an external student of the University of London.
Katz, along with David A. Patterson and Garth Gibson, developed the redundant array of inexpensive disks concept for computer storage in their 1988 SIGMOD Conference paper.
Bosscha came from a family long known for their academic achievements.
Barneby, Rupert; Grimes, James W.. "Silk tree, guanacaste, monkey's earring : a generic system for the synandrous Mimosaceae of the Americas".
He is a director of research at Google Inc., and used to be its director of search quality.
John Graham White FRS is a Professor Emeritus of Anatomy and Molecular Biology at the University of Wisconsin–Madison.
These interactive narrative experiences allow the player to witness data as navigable, participatory, and dramatic in real-time:
Ernst Curtius was a German archaeologist and historian.
He was involved in numerous crucial cases, including Brown v. Board of Education.
He is also professor of philosophy, Seth Merrin Chair in the Humanities and with Daniel Dennett, Co-director of the Center for Cognitive Studies at Tufts University.
      
He is the inventor of recursive frame analysis, a research method that discerns patterns of transformation in conversation.
It was he who discovered that the 18 minutes of erasures were not accidental, as Nixon's secretary Rosemary Woods claimed.
These mining ventures made him a wealthy man.
He then went to the University of California at Berkeley where he earned his PhD in 1939 under Robert Oppenheimer.
By 1985, Mlodinow had left academia to become a writer.
He adapted American structuralism to the Hungarian language.
Murai is the founder of JUNET and founder of the WIDE Project.
In 1952, he was awarded the Flavelle Medal.
Slovic studies human judgment, decision making, and risk perception, and has published extensively on these topics.
Victor Georgievich Veselago is a Russian physicist.
While cell theory and germ theory gained widespread acceptance, granular theories became obscure.
He is a member of the National Academy of Engineering.
A core theme of his work is that people do not have stable, coherent and readily accessible attitudes that can be reliably measured through self-report.
He is author of AutoChem, NASA release software that constitutes an automatic computer code generator and documentor for chemically reactive systems.
Saxon was born in St. Paul, Minnesota.
Lewis Buckley Stillwell was an American electrical engineer and the president of American Institute of Electrical Engineers from 1909 to 1910.
He was educated at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology; SB'79, SM'81, Ph.D'85 all in Course VI.
He praised the entrepreneurship of plantation owners and denied they were brutal.
As of February 2000 they live in Columbia, Missouri.
He appears in online course videos of CS 61B: Data Structures class in University of California, Berkeley.
Since 1975 the Alfred N. Goldsmith Award for Distinguished Contributions to Engineering Communication Award has been given by IEEE Professional Communication Society in his honor.
Linus Carl Pauling was an American chemist, biochemist, peace activist, author, and educator.
Since 1970s, he switched to the field of dynamical systems.
From 1992 through 2003, Deming was an assistant and associate professor in the School of Geology and Geophysics at the University of Oklahoma.
Moore was born in Boston, Massachusetts, in 1939 to Laura Bartlett Moore and Francis Daniels Moore.
His most important work was in the field of transformations pioneered by Sophus Lie.
Because of his affiliation with Virginia, Mount Rogers, the highest peak in the state, is named after him.
He published 259 articles, editorials, and notes.
He served as President of the Israel Physical Society, Dean of Faculty of Exact Sciences, Chairman, Department of Physics.
In 1944, Kauzmann was recruited into the top secret Manhattan Project and he moved to Los Alamos, New Mexico.
He is a professor at Stanford University and former director of the Stanford Institute for Theoretical Physics.
Dr. Claudio Stampi is the founder, director and sole proprietor of the Chronobiology Research Institute which he runs from his home in Newton, Massachusetts.
He is a member of the National Academy of Sciences.
Hermann Hankel was a German mathematician who was born in Halle, Germany and died in Schramberg, Imperial Germany.
According to Rodriguez, "If you have 100-plus faculty that are questioning the integrity of shared governance at that fundamental a level, it’s serious."
He is considered one of the fathers of histochemistry.
William Osler Abbott was a United States physician, son of Dr. Alexander C. Abbott and Georgina Osler.
Ryszard Jerzy Gryglewski is a Polish pharmacologist and physician.
He is known as one of the top researchers in criminology and operations research.
In 1855 he was granted amnesty and returned to France.
He named the red panda in 1825.
He obtained his degree in chemistry in 1920 from Moscow State University where he thereafter served as lecturer, professor, and eventually rector.
Sebastian Pietro Innocenzo Adhemar Ziani de Ferranti was a British electrical engineer and inventor.
He was born near Shrewsbury, New Jersey, the son of John Eatton Le Conte and Jane Sloane Le Conte.
This drew him into the field of stereochemistry where his most notable achievements were made.
Ludwik Rydygier(21 August 1850 – 25 June 1920) was a German Polish surgeon.
He is currently a professor at Sophia University.
He lived for many years in Villavicencio between the mountains and the llanos in central Colombia.
He has also contributed to other areas, including sampling, computational complexity theory, signal processing for communications, digital video processing and joint source/channel coding.
Aykut Barka was a Turkish earth scientist specialized in earthquake research.
Vidale was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, United States, studied physics and geology at Yale, and obtained his Ph.D. from Caltech in 1987.
He has also contributed to many branches of recreational mathematics, notably the invention of the cellular automaton called the Game of Life.
Jean-Marie Constant Duhamel was a French mathematician and physicist.
He was a president of both the Genetics Society of America and the American Society of Human Genetics.
Marshall Warren Nirenberg was an American biochemist and geneticist.
He also wrote two semi-books: Irrationally Yours-an illustrated collection of his immensely popular The Wall Street Journal advice column, “Ask Ariely”.
He is also an elected Fellow of the Institute of Mathematical Statistics.
Lisa Randall is an American theoretical physicist working in particle physics and cosmology.
Bonnie Lynn Bassler is an American molecular biologist.
This botanist is denoted by the author abbreviation H.Pearson when citing a botanical name.
Keith Alexander Nugent is an Australian physicist.
The Advisor of his PhD was Maxime Bôcher.
Karl Küpfmüller was a German electrical engineer, who was prolific in the areas of communications technology, measurement and control engineering, acoustics, communication theory and theoretical electro-technology.
He has also been active as an educator.
Hemming won international recognition for his decades of dedicated service to zoological nomenclature and to entomology.
McMenamin has articulated novel solutions to challenging problems associated with study of the history of life and the history of geographic exploration.
He was born and died in New York.
From 1927 he was professor and astronomer of the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences and head of the Stockholm Observatory.
Joseph Aspdin was an English cement manufacturer who obtained the patent for Portland cement on 21 October 1824.
He is a professor of physics at Portland State University.
In his honor was created APEDAC, which aims to divulge the geopark Paleorrota to a wider audience.
Similar to his NHC counterpart James Franklin, Avila occasionally expresses his opinion or sense of humor, often in the discussion areas of advisories.
She was head of medical genetics at the MRC Human Genetics Unit in Edinburgh and the president of The Genetics Society.
He was also responsible for setting up a system for real-time detection of deforestation in Amazonia and for making PRODES deforestation maps available on the Internet.
Robert Sanderson Mulliken ForMemRS was an American physicist and chemist, primarily responsible for the early development of molecular orbital theory, i.e.
In 1951, he became rector of the University of Zagreb in Croatia, then part of Yugoslavia.
He also studied the biochemistry of material processing by plants and enzyme reactions in plant cells.
His honors and awards include: Guggenheim Fellow, Medical Research Council Laboratory, Cambridge; California Section Award, American Chemical Society; D.Sc.
A pupil of Herman Boerhaave, he is often referred to as "the father of modern physiology."
He was elected as a fellow of the Royal Society in 1949.
Vopěnka served as the Minister of Education of the Czech Republic from 1990 to 1992 within the government of Prime Minister Petr Pithart.
Previously, he was Louis Block Professor in Geophysical Sciences at the University of Chicago.
His techniques for using nuclear magnetic resonance to discern the magnetic moment and nuclear spin of atoms earned him the Nobel Prize in Physics in 1944.
Avempace was, in his time, not only a prominent figure of philosophy, but also of music and poetry.
He researched the economics of international direct investment and the multinational enterprise from the 1950s until his death.
At the end of his tenure in 1878 he worked in Algeria, where he made his major achievements.
In 1940 she received her Ph.D. concentrating on public opinion research in the USA.
The theory has stimulated research and treatments emphasizing the importance of physiological state and behavioral regulation.
His paternal grandmother's family the Maximovs claimed descent from Rabbi Israel Baal Shem Tov, the BESHT.
He served as president of the Linguistic Society of America in 1989.
He went to Europe after graduating in 1886.
Corrado Segre was an Italian mathematician who is remembered today as a major contributor to the early development of algebraic geometry.
"Dave" Farber is a professor of computer science, noted for his major contributions to programming languages and computer networking.
Udo Frese is assistant professor at the University of Bremen and leads the group for real time computer vision.
Fritz Pregl, was a Slovenian and Austrian chemist and physician from a mixed Slovene-German-speaking background.
Her scientific research focused on the study of occupational illnesses and the dangerous effects of industrial metals and chemical compounds on the human body.
He is past president of the Society for Risk Analysis and in 1991 received its Distinguished Contribution Award.
                
This theorem would be rediscovered decades later by Vincenzo Mollame and Otto Hölder.
He was a postdoctoral fellow at Northwestern University where he conducted research on magnetochemistry.
Hugh McCormick Smith, also H. M. Smith was an American ichthyologist and administrator in the Bureau of Fisheries.
However, Claerbout found the sparse availability and low quality of earthquake seismic data frustrating and decided to study atmospheric gravity waves during his PhD.
Samuel Augustus Mitchell was an American geographer.
James William Kitching was a South African vertebrate palaeontologist and regarded as one of the world’s greatest fossil finders.
Later, he studied the electron–phonon interaction in metals where he made the first calculation of the latent heats of melting metals.
Part of the collection is now exhibited at the Reid Concert Hall, as part of Edinburgh University's Collection of Historic Musical Instruments.
His work centered on structural analysis in organic and biochemistry.
Sheshayya A. Choudum is a professor and a former chair of the department of mathematics at IIT Madras specializing in graph theory.
Henry Deane was an Australian engineer, responsible for electrifying the Sydney tramway system and for building the Wolgan Valley Railway and Trans-Australian Railway.
Aschbacher is currently the Shaler Arthur Hanisch Professor of Mathematics at the California Institute of Technology.
He—for to continue studying for a post-graduate qualification—attended Sorbonne and Pasteur Institute.
He co-wrote The Fossils of The Burgess Shale and The Cambrian Explosion.
He was the recipient of several honorary degrees.
He set up the first HIV/AIDS telephone hotline in China where people could obtain comprehensive information on HIV/AIDS.
In 2005 he received the Abbott-ASM Lifetime Achievement Award from the American Society for Microbiology for "sustained, remarkable contributions to the microbiological sciences".
Robert Redfield was an American anthropologist and ethnolinguist, whose ethnographic work in Tepoztlán, Mexico is considered a landmark Latin American ethnography.
In his 1974 book, Race, Baker classifies human races in the same way in which animal subspecies are classified.
Peter J. Hotez is a scientist, pediatrician, and advocate in the fields of global health, vaccinology, and neglected tropical disease control.
Kay is also a former professional jazz guitarist, composer, and theatrical designer, and an amateur classical pipe organist.
In 2013, he was awarded the Wolf Prize in Mathematics for his "for his fundamental and pioneering contribution to geometry and Lie group theory."
With his work on the purification of penicillin, he obtained an MSc degree in 1946.
Charles Frederick Millspaugh was an American botanist, born at Ithaca, N.Y., and educated at Cornell and the New York Homeopathic Medical College.
Sir William Fletcher Barrett was an English physicist and parapsychologist.
Gordon Ada was born in 1922 in Sydney.
He also demonstrated the importance of intestinal bacteria in digestion and investigated the bactericidal properties of blood.
He was chairman of the West Bengal Heritage Commission.
Tellegen was elected a member of the Royal Netherlands Academy of Sciences in 1960.
His research was into the neural mechanisms of learning and memory.
Mark Edward Lewis is an American sinologist and historian of ancient China.
He is also known for helping prove the existence of spiral arms in our galaxy.
He also believed that autointoxication could be the root cause of certain mental disorders.
One of his sons was the epidemiologist and statistician Austin Bradford Hill.
His initial work experience was in a Cambridge bookshop, but he also had a position as an assistant in the university botany department.
Norris Edwin Bradbury, was an American physicist who served as Director of the Los Alamos National Laboratory for 25 years from 1945 to 1970.
Woodward was on the left end of the history profession in the 1930s.
It was the first of a string of inventions.
His education was carried on at home.
After schooling in Dresden, he enlisted in the German army in 1916, where he served as a cavalry officer.
degree in chemistry in 1945 from the University of California and his Ph.D. degree in 1949.
Joseph Lovering was an American scientist and educator.
Dufour’s gland, an abdominal gland found in the females of nearly all members of the suborder Apocrita, is named after him.
Alberto Pedro Calderón was an Argentinian mathematician.
David Brumley is a Professor and Director of CyLab Security and Privacy Institute at Carnegie Mellon University.
She also served as assistant director for Computer and Information Science and Engineering at the NSF from 2007 to 2010.
This issue was resolved when Bernstein released the source code of his projects into public domain software in 2007.
Marczewski was a member of the Warsaw School of Mathematics.
In the first decades of the twentieth century, some additional small satellites were discovered to be in orbit around Jupiter.
John Imbrie was an American paleoceanographer best known for his work on the theory of ice ages.
He was employed at various institutions of higher learning from 1891 onward.
He was also a physician who served with the Union Army during the Civil War.
His work led toward development of X-rays and cathode ray tubes.
His theory, described in his 1927 book Aus dem Leben der Bienen, was disputed by other scientists and greeted with skepticism at the time.
Lyell, following deistic traditions, favoured an indefinitely long age for the earth, despite geological evidence suggesting an old but finite age.
Linkola and his students made a suite of investigations of root architecture.
They jointly wrote several books and monographs together.
In 1983, he was awarded the Artois-Baillet Latour Health Prize.
He is the first holder of this post, which was awarded to the university by Queen Elizabeth to mark her Diamond Jubilee.
He is responsible for the fourth kingdom, Monera.
      
In the area of schizophrenia, McCarley has studied brain abnormalities in patients with schizophrenia.
He died on August 11, 2010, in his home in Hyde Park, Chicago.
He was born in 1931 in Miyazaki Prefecture, on Kyūshū Island, Japan.
Linda J. Skitka  is a professor of psychology at the University of Illinois at Chicago.
Davis has also written an autobiography, The Education of a Mathematician; some of his other books include autobiographical sections as well.
He married Elizabeth Schaefer on August 24, 1996.
Nils John Nilsson is an American computer scientist.
This led to the invention of other apparatus such as the harmonograph.
George Jarvis Brush was an American mineralogist and academic administrator who spent most of his career at Yale University in the Sheffield Scientific School.
Michael Faraday FRS was an English scientist who contributed to the study of electromagnetism and electrochemistry.
He was also a member of the Joint Technical Advisory Committee from 1948-1960.
Infrastructure: A Field Guide to the Industrial Landscape.
He studied the how the respiratory works in the blood of marine invertebrates.
An active member of the Institute of Food Technologists, Borenstein was named a fellow in 1979.
As such, Wernicke's Area has been named for the scientist.
His special-purpose machine has come to be called the Atanasoff–Berry Computer.
The medical device called a stent derives its name from him.
He was the inventor of the multi-band, re-configurable RF-Interconnects based on FDMA and CDMA multiple access algorithms for intra- and inter-ULSI communications.
He studied under Kummer and Weierstrass, and was influenced by Felix Klein.
During his research he discovered, in 1847, nitroglycerine.
Thomas Blackwell the younger was a classical scholar, historian and "one of the major figures in the Scottish Enlightenment."
Charles Rosen was a pioneer in artificial intelligence and founder of SRI International's Artificial Intelligence Center.
In 1893 he founded the Pasteur Institute of Tunisia, and for several years was a professor of hygiene and bacteriology at the colonial school in Tunis.
Theodor Heinrich Boveri was a German biologist.
Schizer is a graduate of Yale University where he earned his B.A., M.A.
He currently researches and teaches at Oklahoma State University where he holds distinguished titles such as Regents Professor and Grace B. Kerr Professor.
Although at odds with the scientific establishment for most of his life, Heaviside changed the face of telecommunications, mathematics, and science for years to come.
He is a prolific author in mathematics and physics with over 300 publications.
Herzberg's main work concerned atomic and molecular spectroscopy.
Bartholomeus Jan "Bart" Bok was a Dutch-born American astronomer, teacher, and lecturer.
He also resided in Taiwan in 1948 and in the 1980s.
In 1954 he became Professor of Mathematics, Glasgow University, retiring in 1982.
Their harmonious marriage accompanied the four decades of their close scientific collaboration, in which "it is difficult and pointless to separate his achievements from hers".
George Carey Foster was a chemist and physicist, born at Sabden in Lancashire.
His many books include volumes coauthored with the futurist Howard Rheingold, who put forward similar views, and the mythologist Joseph Campbell.
She is a Professor of Psychology at Harvard University.
In 1904, he moved as full professor to the University of Kiel, where he remained until 1916.
During a career that spanned 60 years he made major contributions to applied science as well as theoretical mathematics.
In 1993, he moved to the University of New Mexico as Chair of the Computer Science Department.
He was an honorary member of the Swiss Mathematical Society.
Count Vincenzo Dandolo was an Italian chemist and agriculturist.
This research featured on BBC technology news and the BBC's News, it was the first wireless sensor network designed to be used in/under glaciers.
With his former student Tullio Levi-Civita, he wrote his most famous single publication, a pioneering work on the calculus of tensors, signing it as Gregorio Ricci.
Ernesto Christian Enkerlin Hoeflich is a prominent Mexican conservationist, environmentalist and researcher, specialized in parrots' ecology, environmental policy, sustainability and biodiversity stewardship.
Some time later he left the Conservative Party and in 2006 joined the United Kingdom Independence Party.
László Antal was a Hungarian linguist, structuralist, Doctor of Science, and Professor of Linguistics.
He returned to the University of Maryland and researched his ideas from 1994 to 1998.
François Chopart was a French surgeon born in Paris.
He has been covering the socio-economic class structure of the United States in five volumes since 1978.
He also published articles on designing buildings for high wind resistance.
His work to test the technology for landslide detection was also on BBC news.
From 1983 - 2006 she was Head of The Human Cytogenetics Laboratory at the Imperial Cancer Research Fund, now the Cancer Research UK London Research Institute.
Moritz Hermann von Jacobi Якоби) was a German Jewish and Russian engineer and physicist born in Potsdam.
He is the current director of the Harvard-Smithsonian Center for Astrophysics in Cambridge, Massachusetts.
He followed the former University Historian, Sam Proctor.
Wander Johannes de Haas was a Dutch physicist and mathematician.
Rai Bahadur Sir Upendranath Brahmachari was an Indian scientist and a leading medical practitioner of his time.
Vladimir Ivanovich Dal was one of the greatest Russian language lexicographers.
Other significant work includes the first demonstration of single-mode polymer optical fiber and the demonstration of Photomechanical Effects in dye-doped polymers.
He moved to Philadelphia, Pennsylvania in either 1829 or 1830.
His major contributions have been the development of interdependence theory, the early work of attribution theory, and a lifelong interest in understanding close relationships processes.
As of 2015, Rubin is Director of the Health and Medical Security Lab at Johns Hopkins.
The following year, he resigned the chairmanship of the department and spent a year at the Brookhaven National Laboratory of the Atomic Energy Commission.
He was also a member of the student fraternity "Corps Saxo-Borussia Freiberg".
She was considered a "great scientist and a gracious person" over a career of sixty years.
From 1929 to 1936 he served as director of Chinese Institute of Meteorology, Academia Sinica.
Soon co-authored The Maunder Minimum and the Variable Sun–Earth Connection with Steven H. Yaskell.
Alfred Einhorn was a Jewish German chemist most notable for first synthesizing procaine in 1905 which he patented under the name Novocain .
For the humanities professor of the same name, see Naresh Dadhich.
Weller received his MD in 1940, and went to work at Children's Hospital in Boston.
"More concepts and theorems have been named for Cauchy than for any other mathematician."
He is most notable for his work in taste perception and oral irritation, in humans as well as in Drosophila melanogaster, the common fruit fly.
In 1941 he received a personal research professorship in Technical Physics at the Royal Institute of Technology in Stockholm from the arms producer Bofors.
In 1819, he demonstrated his finding to Goethe, who encouraged him to analyse coffee.
He received his Ph.D. from the University of California at Riverside in 1975 and has since published seven books over the course of his career.
Vladimir Aleksandrovich Fock was a Soviet physicist, who did foundational work on quantum mechanics and quantum electrodynamics.
They were great in the way that Elizabeth Bishop's poems were great, or Thom Gunn's or Philip Larkin's.
Nobre is an advisor to the James S McDonnell Foundation for the Understanding Human Cognition Program, and an Associate Editor for the Journal of Cognitive Neuroscience.
He completed his doctorate at the University of Pennsylvania.
After that, he continued working as a pewtersmith with various local companies until 1880.
She received her doctor of medicine degree in 1951, and practiced in adolescent psychiatry.
From 1980–9 he was assistant secretary and then secretary of the Linguistics Association of Great Britain.
In the early part of his career, Ricketts undertook research at Northwestern University on blastomycosis.
This skeleton is now known as "Sue" in honor of her discovery.
The crucial contribution by Lafforgue to solve this question is the construction of compactifications of certain moduli stacks of shtukas.
She wrote most of the sections in a unique series known as The Treasury of Human Inheritance published between 1909 and 1956, from The Galton Lab.
He found that the chemical composition of stars was very much different than previously assumed.
He has focused on comparative study of the origins and nature of the modern world.
In 1881 the offices of the survey were removed to Ottawa.
            
                p
He was awarded an honorary degree by the University of Guadalajara in Mexico.
In September 2013, she co-founded the biotech company Neuro-bio Ltd, where she is Chief Executive Officer.
He received his Ph.D. in 1976 from the University of California, Los Angeles.
Shivers was born in 1920 in Marlton, New Jersey.
However, this list of claimed allies has been disputed by Stephen Mumford, at least with regard to "Shoemaker, Martin, Molnar, Heil and Cartwright."
"Mémoire sur les séries et sur l'intégration complète d'une équation aux différences partielles linéaires du second ordre, à coefficients constants,".
Olsen, C. Iron absorption and chlorosis in green plants.
At that time they were both postdocs at Cornell University.
Dr. Bannon has lectured at museums, colleges, and festivals worldwide.
Fillmore received the 2012 Lifetime Achievement Award of the Association for Computational Linguistics.
The Reverend William Darwin Fox was an English clergyman, naturalist, and a second cousin of Charles Darwin.
Marcel Berger was a French mathematician, doyen of French differential geometry, and a former director of the Institut des Hautes Études Scientifiques, France.
Milton Denman Van Dyke was Professor of the Department of Aeronautics and Astronautics at Stanford University.
Rudra Pratap is an Indian Engineer and Professor of Mechanical Engineering at the Indian Institute of Science, Bangalore.
Sidney Darlington was an electrical engineer and inventor of a transistor configuration in 1953, the Darlington pair.
Oplurus grandidieri, a species of lizard, and Xenotyphlops grandidieri, a species of snake, were named in his honor by French herpetologist François Mocquard.
In 1955, Elias introduced convolutional codes as an alternative to block codes.
He played an important role in developing the modern concept of the phoneme, greatly advancing the understanding of phonology.
Quenstedt was born at Quedlinburg, a nephew of Johann Gerhard.
Jones' columns as Daedalus were published for 38 years, starting weekly in 1964 in New Scientist starting in the mid-1960s.
He was elected as Fellow of the Indian Academy of Sciences and Indian National Science Academy.
After studying geology at the University of Sydney, Benson worked temporarily at the University of Adelaide before returning to Sydney as a demonstrator.
Molloy did not receive much recognition for her contributions to the description of the Western Australian flora.
Wes Jackson co-founded the Land Institute with Dana Jackson.
Masui retired in 1997 and has since held the position of Professor Emeritus at the University of Toronto.
Besides the Martin–Bell syndrome, now known as the fragile X syndrome, Julia Bell's name is associated with five forms of brachydactyly.
Friedrich August Kekulé, later Friedrich August Kekule von Stradonitz, was a German organic chemist.
Cristian Dumitru Popescu is a Romanian-American mathematician at the University of California, San Diego.
Stoicheff became well known for his Raman spectroscopy through the 1950s, publishing a number of previously unavailable high-resolution molecular spectra.
Edward Goodrich Acheson was an American chemist.
Vogtmann is a Professor of Mathematics at Cornell University and The University of Warwick.
He is best known for his experiments involving a 30-year-old patient named Mary Rafferty.
Volmer held the chair and directorship of the Physical Chemistry and Electrochemistry Institute of the Technische Hochschule Berlin, in Berlin-Charlottenburg.
Pieter van Musschenbroek was a Dutch scientist.
Chaptal was especially strong in applied science.
In The Question of Animal Awareness, he argued that animals are conscious like humans.
At Talcher he found evidence for the effect of ice in the formation of a boulder bed.
Karl Patterson Schmidt was an American herpetologist.
She is now the most referenced scholar in the love research community.
The lunar crater Condon is named for him.
Sir Edwin John Butler FRS was an Irish mycologist and plant pathologist.
From 2000 to 2010 she was a Howard Hughes Medical Institute International Research Scholar.
She also wrote The Complete Family Nature Guide, which was published in 1976.
His parents moved to a farm homestead at Netherhill, near Kindersley, in the west central region of the province.
In 1995 he was inducted as a Fellow of the Association for Computing Machinery.
Carothers had been troubled by periods of depression since his youth.
He attained a doctorate in glass chemistry at Friedrich Schiller University of Jena for his thesis “Contributions to the Theory and Practice of Glass Fabrication”.
Oswald Külpe was one of the structural psychologists of the late 19th and early 20th century.
Patrick Cousot is a French computer scientist.
He was also a Fellow of the Linnean Society of London.
He went to the Gymnasium in Germany and studied at the University of Berlin, where he received his Phd in chemistry in 1889 with Ferdinand Tiemann.
William Arthur Parks was a Canadian geologist and paleontologist, following in the tradition of Lawrence Lambe.
He served as president of the American Accounting Association in 1982-83.
He left Google on 26 February 2016 as the Head of Google Search.
He is known for his work in electromagnetic theory and for the Lorentz–FitzGerald contraction, which became an integral part of Einstein's Special Theory of Relativity.
Those two grammars represent the final confrontation with the competing conception of standard language advocated by Zagreb philological school.
Arthur John Cronquist was a United States biologist, botanist and a specialist on Compositae.
Edward S. Klima was an eminent linguist who specialized in the study of sign languages.
In 1934, he developed the Lineweaver–Burk plot together with Hans Lineweaver.
Raymond Freeman FRS is a British chemist and Emeritus Professor at Jesus College, Cambridge, where he continues to work on NMR spectroscopy.
He was married to Irma Goldberg who was his assistant from 1905 to 1910 at his laboratory.
George Chrystal FRSE was a Scottish mathematician.
Ronald T. Raines is an American chemical biologist.
He is the Anne T. and Robert M. Bass Professor in the School of Humanities and Sciences.
He is also known for his contribution to the discovery of the therapeutic role of splenectomy in idiopathic thrombocytopenic purpura.
In 2003, Chignell founded Vocalage Inc., a company that does usability consulting, outsourced research, and software development.
He was awarded the SPIE Gold Medal in 1983.
She is director of the Interdisciplinary Affective Science Laboratory.
After graduating from the University of Breslau in 1882, he became an assistant to Moritz Traube in his laboratory at Breslau.
He is survived by two daughters, Dr. Katherine Halloran of Lexington, and Carolyn Westerfield of Hamden; five grandchildren; and five great-granddaughters.
Ahmed received his doctorate from the University of Stockholm in 1986, where he taught a range of courses from the basic to the doctoral levels.
She has been a Fellow at the Harvard-Radcliffe Institute and a Visiting Professor at the Miller Institute at UC Berkeley.
He heads the group transmitting Team Encounter's interstellar messages  using the Yevpatoria Deep Space Center.
Frederik Louis Wilhelm Hellesen was a Danish inventor and industrialist.
Its naming citation was published on 6 March 2004.
                      
Other awards include the William Hume-Rothery Award and the Hume-Rothery Prize.
Matsuzawa has also studied tool use in the wild chimpanzees at Bossou, Guinea, West Africa since 1986.
Paul Bloom is a Canadian American psychologist.
At university he became acquainted with science in the geography department and chose atmospheric sciences as his career.
This text contained the first exposition ever of first-order logic, and posed the problem of its completeness and decidability.
Ennackal Chandy George Sudarshan is an Indian theoretical physicist and a professor at the University of Texas.
Shivakumar was involved in the development of the 32-meter dish antenna that can communicate with satellites millions of miles away.
His operating room at Johns Hopkins Hospital is in Ward G, and was described as a small room where medical discoveries and miracles take place.
Quimby Duntley died in La Jolla on October 22, 1999.
Yoshio Kondo was a biologist and malacologist.
Eberhard Jäckel is a Social Democratic German historian, noted for his studies of Adolf Hitler's role in German history.
Paintal's second wife Dr. Ashima Anand-Paintal is also a scientist.
He started his studies at the University of Heidelberg with Robert Bunsen, where he received his Ph.D. in 1875.
He was the father of Karl Ludwig Edler von Littrow and the mentor of the mathematician Nikolai Brashman.
Antoine Jérôme Balard was a French chemist and one of the discoverers of bromine.
Cholera came to Florence in 1854 during the Asiatic Cholera Pandemic of 1846-63.
Corti spent a short time in Utrecht, where he visited Professors Jacobus Schroeder van der Kolk and Pieter Harting.
Sanford L. Segal, in his 2003 book Mathematicians Under the Nazis, stated: "Teichmüller was a gifted, brilliant, and seminal mathematician; he was also a dedicated Nazi."
He has held the Board of Governors Research Chair in the Department of Sociology at the University of Lethbridge since 2001.
He earned a BA in biology with major in biochemistry from Yale University.
He studied theoretically the interaction of intramolecular excitations or excess electrons with autolocal breaking of the translational symmetry.
Van Zandt Williams was president of the Optical Society of America in 1966.
A criticism of this position is that it conflates the social institution of mathematics with objective mathematical knowledge.
In 1913, he won the Nobel Prize "in recognition of his work on anaphylaxis".
Donald Edward Osterbrock was an American astronomer, best known for his work on star formation and on the history of astronomy.
The discovery of the hormone secretin — with his brother-in-law William Bayliss — and the introduction of the word hormone.
Naval Research Laboratory where he worked on radar-based ocean surveillance systems.
The Lusternik–Schnirelmann theory, as it is called now, is based on the previous work by Poincaré, David Birkhoff, and Marston Morse.
He is also an Affiliate faculty member at the University of Washington and a visiting professor at the Guangdong Medical College Aging Research Institute in China.
These underpin applications to both to chemistry with NMR spectroscopy and to medicine with Magnetic Resonance Imaging.
He was elected a member of the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences in 1965, and its President in 1983.
As a geneticist, Shull worked with maize plants.
By the end of the 20th century, Piaget was second only to B. F. Skinner as the most cited psychologist of that era.
His son, also called Manfred, competed at the 1984 Summer Olympics.
The prize was shared with Swiss chemist Paul Karrer for his work on other vitamins.
Armand Hippolyte Louis Fizeau FRS FRSE MIF was a French physicist, best known for measuring the speed of light in the namesake Fizeau experiment.
Walter Noll was a mathematician, and Professor Emeritus at Carnegie Mellon University.
Clement Eaton was an American historian who specialized in the American South.
He is a fellow and the golden core member of the IEEE Computer Society.
He published over 30 books and over 600 book chapters and journal articles, and directed nearly 60 Ph.D. dissertations.
Mary Frances Lyon FRS was an English geneticist, who is best known for her discovery of X-chromosome inactivation, an important biological phenomenon.
Professor at the Charles University and later became director of the National Museum in Prague.
He is notable as a mentor of Adam Sedgwick.
Instructor, Dept of Psychiatry, Stanford Professor of Psychiatry, University of Toronto, 1970–1993.
He is a member of the Seventh-day Adventist Church.
He described his work in his own words shortly before his death as being on
The Royal Geographical Society awarded him their Founder's Gold Medal in 1906.
He has been awarded Padma Shri by Government of India in the year 2014.
Martin Andrew Green AM ForMemRS is an Australian professor at the University of New South Wales who works on solar energy.
She received the nation's highest science award, the National Medal of Science, in 1982.
                
David J. Kalupahana was a Buddhist scholar from Sri Lanka.
In 1879 he was appointed professor of astronomy at the University of Chicago.
He practiced law with the firm of Barnes, Hickam, Pantzer & Boyd in Indianapolis, Indiana from 1978 to 1981.
This was independent of the work of Paul Baran in the United States who had a similar idea in the early 1960s.
He was responsible for setting the standard for naming and describing the delicate fossils preserved in Konservat-Lagerstätten.
All subsequent Soviet reactors also originated from his firm.
Nikolai Konstantinovich Koltsov was a Russian biologist and a pioneer of modern genetics.
It has gone through several revisions  and is still in print, and has been widely used as a textbook.
He then went on to University College, Cardiff to study chemistry and physiology and was awarded his B.Sc.
A graduate of Harvard University, Birch began working on geophysics as a research assistant.
Saul Griffith is an Australian American inventor.
He was an explorer of European Russia and Scandinavia.
His brother Vootele Vaska is a philosopher.
Carl Friedrich Wilhelm Ludwig was a German physician and physiologist.
Frances Cress Welsing was an American Afrocentrist psychiatrist.
He published work on representation theory, symmetric functions and algebraic combinatorics.
More recently, Mendelzon was a central figure in the work on view-based querying.
He was a member of the Connecticut Academy of Arts and Sciences.
He was educated at Charterhouse School and Christ Church, Oxford.
With Richard Abegg, he introduced a theory of "electo-affinity".
He is a Professor of physics and T.L.L.
Samuel Elmo Martin was a professor of Far Eastern Languages at Yale University and the author of many works on the Korean and Japanese languages.
His Nobel award was "for his discovery of the therapeutic value of malaria inoculation in the treatment of dementia paralytica".
                  +
His work within the field of the history of religions has largely been concerned with the history, literature, and ritual of Indian and Tibetan Buddhism.
His lithographs of Serbian men of letters and military leaders are equally important from the historical perspective.
He chose not to be a specialist but to translate a wide and personal range of classical literature.
In 2011, Gans received a grant of $976,000 from the Alfred P. Sloan Foundation.
Paul John Ellis was a professor of physics at University of Minnesota for over 30 years.
This enabled the development of vaccines against influenza, chicken pox, smallpox, yellow fever, typhus, Rocky mountain spotted fever, and other diseases.
Barton died on January 28, 2009, in Portland, Oregon, at the age of 83.
Born in Saitama Prefecture in 1939, Iijima graduated with a Bachelor of Engineering degree in 1963 from the University of Electro-Communications, Tokyo.
Heller's father was the economist Walter Heller, architect of the first tax cut motivated by fiscal policy, under John F Kennedy.
He also serves as an editor of the journal Structure.
Henri Paul Cartan was a French mathematician with substantial contributions in algebraic topology.
Since the work of von Neumann and Morgenstern in 1940s, Shapley has been regarded by many experts as the very personification of game theory.
He was sent to England, where he lived during World War II.
He is a co-founder of Materia, a University spin-off startup to produce catalysts.
Another process is the Raschig process for producing hydroxylamine.
Bass is professor emeritus at Texas A&M University, where he held the George T. and Gladys H. Abell Chair in Nautical Archaeology.
He authored over sixty books throughout this lifetime.
John Maxwell Cowley was an American Regents Professor at Arizona State University.
Formally retired, he remains active in research and publishing.
Federico Faggin has been a Silicon Valley resident since 1968 and is a naturalized US citizen.
Mark Bender Gerstein is an American scientist working in bioinformatics.
His discoveries and inventions have affected considerably the development of ceramics, eyeglasses, sunglasses, cookware, defense systems, and electronics.
He is a member of the supervisory board of FMO, the Dutch development bank.
In 2003, he proved Thurston's geometrization conjecture.
After retiring he returned to UC Berkeley and became a permanent Research Associate of the Department of Biology of the University of California.
John Dalton FRS was an English chemist, physicist, and meteorologist.
Reinhart's work on this topic is full of original insight and makes specific predictions, some of which have begun to be tested successfully in recent years.
In 1912 Eccles suggested that solar radiation was responsible for the observed differences in radio wave propagation during the day and night.
He received his BA from Sarah Lawrence College in 1974.
He performed a famous experiment that he envisioned in a dream while sleeping.
in mathematics from Purdue University, and a Ph.D. in cognitive psychology from the University of California, San Diego, where he was advised by Donald Norman.
At that time he was made Head of the newly created, Geological Sciences Department.
He is currently an adjunct professor at the College of Information and Computer Sciences, at the University of Massachusetts Amherst [1].
His research focuses on long noncoding RNA function and evolution, on single cell biology and on disease genomics.
Around the same time as his election his interests turned to the study of finite groups.
Born in Berlin, Germany and raised in Cape Town, South Africa, he first received his B.Sc.
This project is both comparative and interdisciplinary.
In 2007, Javan was ranked Number 12 on The Daily Telegraph's list of the "Top 100 Living Geniuses".
He also helped organize the first Selected Areas in Cryptography workshop in 1994.
Henri Hogbe Nlend is a Cameroonian mathematician, university professor, former government minister and presidential candidate.
The subsequent media coverage became a major story in May 2006.
Gustafsson is one of Europe's leading scientists in the fields of medicine and natural science.
In 1931, he published the structure of glucuronic acid in the leading scientific journal, Nature.
Hod Lipson is an American robotics engineer.
In 1890, he left the Geological Survey of Canada to work as a consulting geologist in Vancouver.
He was appointed as the Clowes Professor of Science in 2001.
She later demonstrated that Bacillus abortus caused the disease Brucellosis in both cattle and humans.
He attended the Von Hindenburg Schule in Harbin, an American Missionary School in Beijing and American School in Japan in Tokyo.
The field of her scientific interest includes political extremism, terrorism and the history of the Russian revolutionary movements.
He received his Ph.D. in organic chemistry from Pennsylvania State University in 1955 under the direction of L. H. Sommer, known for his silicon mechanistic work.
He served as President of the European Academy of Arts Sciences and Humanities, in Paris, France.
Gottschalk coinvented software that uncovered a link between childhood attention deficit disorder and adult addiction to alcohol and drugs.
Victor Ivanovich Shestakov was a Russian/Soviet logician and theoretician of electrical engineering.
He previously served as the Intel executive sponsor for Cornell University on the External Advisory Board for the College of Engineering.
Mohamed Rela, is an Indian surgeon known for his expertise on liver transplantation and hepatopancreatobiliary surgery.
Her research focuses on brain-behavior relationships affecting the prevention and treatment of impulsive and compulsive psychiatric disorders.
Raymond Laflamme is a Canadian physicist and founder and current director of the Institute for Quantum Computing at the University of Waterloo.
This was also the second ever Thule culture archaeological excavation, following the 1916 Comer's Midden in North Greenland.
He is also known for his work involving free-radicals, many-membered rings, and organometallic compounds, as well as the development of Ziegler–Natta catalyst.
Hardy served as zoologist on the RRS Discovery's voyage to explore the Antarctic between 1925 and 1927.
He was Vere Harmsworth Professor of Imperial and Naval History at the University of Cambridge between 1919 and his retirement in 1934.
Norman had been splitting his time between co-directing the dual-degree MBA and Engineering program at Northwestern University and consulting with the Nielsen Norman Group.
            
He is the author of Alternative Religions: A Sociological Introduction,.
He employed high-level languages and a stack machine in his design of the Burroughs Corporation B5000 computer.
He also held the part-time Professorship of Philosophy and the History of Mathematics at the University of Liverpool from 1913 to 1919.
        
He was also particularly interested in atomic and molecular spectroscopy, working in these fields for more than 25 years.
Dr. Arthur Thomas Doodson was a British oceanographer.
The portrait tradition of Anastas Jovanović was continued by Milan Jovanović, who died during World War II.
Zundel polarizability, the property of hydrogen bonds to have hydrogen protons shifted by means of an electric field
His career and educational publications covered a wide field.
He received his bachelor's and master's degrees in geology from the California Institute of Technology.
His theories found important applications in modern techniques of construction, such as pre-stressed concrete.
His son was the painter Karel Purkyně.
He started his career as a professor of physics in 1936 at University of Tennessee.
from Cairo University, Egypt, in 1954 and her Masters of Science in Chemistry from Cairo University in 1962.
He has twin sons named Peter and David, and a wife named Michelle.
Horace Welcome Babcock was an American astronomer.
Federico Capasso, a prominent applied physicist, was one of the inventors of the quantum cascade laser during his work at Bell Laboratories.
"Beiträge zur Anatomie und Physiologie des Nerven- und Muskel-systems," ib.
Kannan Soundararajan is a mathematician and a professor of mathematics at Stanford University.
Beginning in 1935 he served as chief of Aeromedical Research for the German Luftwaffe, holding this position throughout World War II.
Among his numerous research findings, Hieber prepared the first metal carbonyl hydrides such as H2Fe(CO)4 and HMn(CO)5.
He was a postdoctoral fellow at MIT, a research scientist at the NASA-Ames Research Center, and an associate professor at Stanford before joining NYU.
Chairman, Department of Electronic Engineering, National Tsing Hua University, August 1983 – July 1984.
He has contributed to several large works.
Regener was the father of Victor H. Regener [1] and Erika Regener.
After qualifying in South Africa and working there and in England, in 1939 he joined the then-Southern Rhodesia Medical Service as Physician, Pathologist and Radiologist.
His book on MATLAB Getting Started with MATLAB 7 is popular among the students of engineering.
He was Professor at the University of Paris from 1940 to 1984 and was also Professor at the École Polytechnique from 1960 to 1969.
He then took a post as Research Director, Personnel Laboratory, for the United States Air Force.
John McClellan was born in Liverpool, the younger son of Alexander McClellan, a Scottish draper, and his wife Jane née Charlton.
He also worked as a medical doctor and as an academic notary.
In 1883 he continued with Thomson, and moved from New Britain to Lynn, Massachusetts, to work for the newly formed Thomson-Houston Electric Company.
In the insurance sector, Georges Dionne has collaborated on many projects concerning detection of insurance fraud in claims.
Seven of Mr. Howell's hand-made 1890 patent trial "tar putty" lamps survive today in a collection of rare, historic lamps discovered in 2004.
Josef Paldus, FRSC is a Distinguished Professor Emeritus of Applied Mathematics at the University of Waterloo, Ontario, Canada.
His far-reaching theoretical work on metabolism, signal transduction, and other cellular processes has made him one of the most influential forerunners of present-day systems biology.
Joyce has served as the chair of the JASON advisory group, which he joined in 1996.
Among his works may be mentioned Artes Africanae; Illustrations and Descriptions of Productions of the Industrial Arts of Central African Tribes.
Hobbs died on March 22, 1994 of heart disease.
At the end of his life, he held the position of Distinguished Research Professor of Cognitive Science at the University of California, Irvine.
In 1937 Julia Bell published a landmark article with J.
          
James M. Russell III is an atmospheric scientist who has served as the developer of instrumentation for several NASA probes.
Warnock was President of Adobe for his first two years and Chairman and CEO for his remaining sixteen years at the company.
In 2004, she won the Morgan Prize for work in two topics, Belyi-extending maps and P-orderings, making her the first woman to win this award.
In 1998, Fred H. Gage and Peter Eriksson discovered and announced that the human brain produces new nerve cells in adulthood.
Roger Mark Boisjoly was an American mechanical engineer, fluid dynamicist, and an aerodynamicist.
Landolt, Edmund, was a Swiss ophthalmologist stationed in Paris, mostly known for a wide range of publications and his research in the field of ophthalmology.
The book also "elaborates on his humble upbringing as well as advice and lessons learned from relatives and teachers."
          lim inf
Hopkins left the UR in 1967 to serve as President of Tropel, Inc., a company he co-founded in 1953.
He taught 14 doctorate students, and 56 masters students.
She was the co-author of the book Cults in Our Midst.
He has an undergraduate degree from the Woodrow Wilson School of Public and International Affairs at Princeton University and an M.Sc.
Together with Herbert Spencer Gasser, he identified several varieties of nerve fiber and established the relationship between action potential velocity and fiber diameter.
In 1862 he enrolled at the University of Heidelberg, where in 1864 he obtained Ph.D. in chemistry, physics and mathematics with summa cum laude.
Bravais published a memoir about crystallography in 1847.
Clark is known for his theory of "common ground": individuals engaged in conversation must share knowledge in order to be understood and have a meaningful conversation.
With a focus on conflict management and cooperation, Keirsey specialized in family and partnership counseling and the coaching of children and adults.
On 29 February 2012, he was appointed President of the Mechanism for a four-year term, starting 1 March 2012.
In 1889, Italian mathematician Cesare Arzelà generalized Ascoli's Theorem into the Arzelà–Ascoli theorem, a practical sequential compactness criterion of functions.
Until 2013, he was a professor of computational and applied mathematics at Rice University in Houston, Texas.
Sir Ian Wilmut, OBE FRS FMedSci FRSE is a British embryologist and Chair of the Scottish Centre for Regenerative Medicine at the University of Edinburgh.
He is renowned for his studies about brain structures and sexual orientation.
          
He was born in Charlotte, North Carolina and died in Valhalla, New York.
His main fields were probability, mathematical statistics, and asymptotic theory.
Kobelt is remembered for his work as curator of the Senckenberg Museum in Frankfurt am Main.
John Martin Elliott Hyland is professor of mathematics at King's College in the University of Cambridge, England.
Walter Richard Evans was a noted American control theorist and the inventor of the root locus method in 1948.
David Kazhdan or Každan, Kazhdan, formerly named Dmitry Aleksandrovich Kazhdan, is a Soviet and Israeli mathematician known for work in representation theory.
In 2010 Mudge accepted a position as a program manager at DARPA where he oversaw cyber security research.
Olsen, C. Über die Anwendbarkeit des Kjeldahlschen Stickstoffbestimmungsverfahrens bei biologischen Untersuchungen.
Besides its teaching duties, Broussonet's new title, Directeur du Jardin des Plantes de Montpellier, put him in charge of the botanical gardens.
He is currently a Professor of Mathematics at Pennsylvania State University.
Nusbaum investigates the cognitive and neural mechanisms that mediate spoken language use, as well as language learning and the role of attention in speech perception.
His eldest son, Bernard Bolingbroke Woodward, was librarian and keeper of the prints and drawings at Windsor Castle from 1860 until his death.
He also holds a visiting position at Stony Brook University and is one of the founding members of the Stony Brook Center for Game Theory.
He is considered the first professional French Canadian ornithologist.
John Terrence Cacioppo is the Tiffany and Margaret Blake Distinguished Service Professor at the University of Chicago.
He received the 1937 Nobel Prize in Chemistry "for his investigations on carbohydrates and vitamin C".
These included the ceremonial cloak of Chief Powhatan, an important Native American relic.
His brother Francis Macaulay, who stayed in England, also contributed to ring theory.
He developed a computer model to show how life on Earth could have originated in outer space.
John Charles Polanyi, PC CC FRSC OOnt FRS is a Hungarian-Canadian chemist who won the 1986 Nobel Prize in Chemistry, for his research in chemical kinetics.
However, according to Shima himself, the logic was first tested on breadboards using TTL chips, before being manually translated into MOS transistor equivalents.
The book earned the Gold Medal from the Florida Book Awards in 2012.
He went to Kyoto Imperial University in 1919, turning to mathematics in 1923 and graduating in 1924.
The University of Missouri-Kansas City honored him with Honorary Doctor of Humane Letters in May 1999.
Vincent Rijmen]; born 16 October 1970) is a Belgian cryptographer and one of the two designers of the Rijndael, the Advanced Encryption Standard.
USDA soil taxonomy was revised as a result.
Turk actually purchased the original Stanford Bunny, and performed the initial scans on it.
The award honours marine scientists of any nationality who have had and continue to have a significant influence on the course of marine scientific thought.
His work includes measuring the Solar parallax during the 2004 Transit of Venus as well as the search for Vulcanoid asteroids.
He represented BARC training school in the World Nuclear University in 2003.
The Steele Memorial Library in Elmira is also named after him; Esther Baker Steele Hall at Syracuse University is named after his wife.
More recently, he has worked in genetic epidemiology.
However, he found people were involved with trade, and there were connections between villages and states.
More recently the focus of his research has been Computational Biology.
He has trained more than 125 scientists who are actively engaged in pursuing their research and academic careers all over the world.
His name is inscribed on the Eiffel tower.
For 35 years, he also continued a strong connection with Bell Laboratories.
He has published over 300 papers in international journals and served on many international societies and editorial boards.
He was Hermon Dunlap Smith Professor Emeritus of Social Welfare Policy at the University of Chicago School of Social Service Administration and the College.
Frost assisted with a variety of classes with Professor Glenn W. Herrick, Dr. J.C. Bradley, and Dr. Robert Matheson.
Dr. Stewart has said, "My books and my house are my twin legacies.
Bradbury took charge at Los Alamos at a difficult time.
In his Ph.D. thesis he lowered the upper bound for Linnik's constant to 36 and subsequently reduced the bound further to 20.
Currently Plous also teaches social psychology online through Coursera's MOOC
William David Coolidge was an American physicist and engineer, who made major contributions to X-ray machines.
Albrecht Fröhlich FRS was a mathematician famous for his major results and conjectures on Galois module theory in the Galois structure of rings of integers.
Medal of Honor of the Institute of Information and Computing Machinery, 2001.
During the Seventh and Eighth Kaffir Wars he was promoted to Colonel.
Following the war he became an instructor, teaching mineralogy in Tomsk.
Katepalli R. Sreenivasan is an engineer whose research includes physics and applied mathematics.
He was then apprenticed to Dr C. Wheeler, house surgeon at St Bartholomew's Hospital.
In 1932 he published six scientific works and discovered the formula of mutation rate in humans.
After the outbreak of World War II, in September 1939, Lwów was taken over by the Soviet Union.
Murdoch also made innovations to the steam engine, including the sun and planet gear and D slide valve.
Therefore, there were strong reasons for trying to make the bomb - and use it - before the end of World War II.
He holds the Josey Regental Chair in Science at the University of Texas at Austin, where he is a member of the Physics and Astronomy Departments.
A frequent contributor to The New York Review of Books, his books emphasize religious and ideological links among material conditions, political interests, and new political values.
His research interests include the epidemiology of asbestos induced cancers and the epidemiology of breast and cervical cancers.
Canopy Meg is an American biologist, educator, ecologist, writer, explorer, and public speaker.
While at Karl-Ferdinands-Universität in 1888 he discovered a strange behaviour of what would later be called liquid crystals.
He returned to the University of Munich in 1952 where he remained dedicated to research long after attaining emeritus status in 1988.
François Félix Tisserand was a French astronomer.
In 2001, he was elected as a fellow of the Royal Society of Canada.
As a scientist, he carried out research into star formation, plasma physics, and in 1946, conceived the idea of telescopes operating in outer space.
Another paper by Hartmanis from 1977, with Leonard Berman, introduced the still-unsolved Berman–Hartmanis conjecture that all NP-complete languages are polynomial time isomorphic.
His behavior subsequently became progressively eccentric and reclusive.
He received his master's degree from Presidency College, Madras in 1941.
Thomas P. Grazulis is a meteorologist who has written extensively about tornadoes and is head of the Tornado Project.
His work may lead to methods of replacing brain tissue lost to stroke or Alzheimer's disease and repairing spinal cords damaged by trauma.
Ross decided to repeat the same series of images and compare the results with a blink comparator.
He taught in secondary schools in Pinerolo, Rome, Cagliari, and at the Technical Institute in Genoa.
After retiring in 1927, Pick returned to Vienna, the city where he was born.
Upon completing the multiplication and demonstrating that the result equaled M67, Cole returned to his seat, not having uttered a word during the hour-long presentation.
Constantin Carathéodory was a Greek mathematician who spent most of his professional career in Germany.
Knoblauch's father was a well-to-do silk fabrics manufacturer in Berlin.
Anita LaFrance Allen-Castellitto is the Henry R. Silverman Professor of Law and professor of philosophy at the University of Pennsylvania Law School.
Denison Olmsted was an American physicist and astronomer.
On his death in 1992, Yves Rocard was interred in the Cimetière du Montparnasse in Paris.
Gerard J. Holzmann is a Dutch-born American computer scientist and researcher at Bell Labs and NASA, best known as the developer of the SPIN model checker.
Mittal is a recipient of the Shanti Swarup Bhatnagar Prize for Science and Technology.
The early 21st century has seen scholarly reevaluations of the popular version of Vygotsky's legacy, which is referred to as the "revisionist revolution in Vygotsky Studies".
After the death of Henry Fajemirokun in 1979, he became the Chief Executive officer of Henry Stephens Nigeria Limited.
Jean Piaget was a Swiss clinical psychologist known for his pioneering work in child development.
Subsequently, he and his wife had four sons and two daughters.
Gage’s lab showed that, contrary to years of dogma, human beings are capable of growing new nerve cells throughout life.
He was an autodidact who never went to university and lacked formal training.
His youngest son Henri was a botanist of some note.
He married again in 1847, to Mary Howard, from a slaveholding family in South Carolina.
James M. Adovasio is an American archaeologist and one of the foremost experts in perishable artifacts.
His sister, Helena Westermarck, was a writer and artist.
He measured radial velocities and studied spectroscopic binaries, and performed the first detailed analysis of galactic structure.
The original drawings, as well as plates and stones, were all destroyed.
He shared the 1996 Nobel Prize in Chemistry with Robert Curl and Richard Smalley for their discovery of fullerenes.
In 1965, he moved from Washington, D.C. to the U.S. Geological Survey's offices in Menlo Park, California.
The academic community did not acknowledge the significance of her contribution until after the second wave of feminism in the 1970s.
After his retirement in 2000, he became a professor emeritus at the University of Washington.
A prolific collaborator, Subbarao has Erdős number 1, and more than 40 joint authors.
He was educated at the Jewish Theological Seminary at Breslau and at the University of Berlin, 1867).
Vasile Puşcaş is a Romanian politician, diplomat and International Relations professor.
Eric Anson was New Zealand's first specialist anaesthetist.
He received the Albert Einstein World Award of Science in 2005.
He is well known for his 1960 Doomsday equation formula published in Science predicting future population growth.
He also developed the technique of matrix isolation in low-temperature chemistry.
His work won praise in Sweden as well as around the world.
His research interests are algorithm engineering, parallel computing, speeding up computations with high latency.
Money has received around 65 world-wide honors, awards, and degrees, but has been discredited by, most notably, David Reimer, prior to his suicide.
Ludwig Mond was a German-born chemist and industrialist who took British nationality.
She is known for her writing on the anthropology of the body, hunger, illness, medicine, psychiatry, mental illness, social suffering, violence and genocide.
Rüppell set off on his first expedition in 1821, accompanied by surgeon Michael Hey as his assistant.
and B. Nielsen, Econometric Modeling: A Likelihood Approach.
1882 he became assistant professor of Anton Kerner.
He noted the importance of combining image processing algorithms with manipulators and controller to build intelligent robots, especially in automatic target recognition.
He was Dean of the Royal College of Science, and Head of the Biochemistry Department from 1989 to 1999.
William Henry Phelps Sr. was an American ornithologist and businessman.
Grove Karl Gilbert, known by the abbreviated name G. K. Gilbert in academic literature, was an American geologist.
Valuable works of Assyrian art were recovered, including a colossal Lamassu which had guarded the entrance to the palace.
Henry was the first official meteorologist in India, appointed as Imperial Meteorological Reporter in 1875.
Gordon Earle Moore is an American businessman, co-founder and chairman emeritus of Intel Corporation, and the author of Moore's law.
Weissman was born in South Bend, Indiana in 1912.
When Leiden University reopened he became rector magnificus.
He served as the foreign secretary of the National Academy of Sciences from 1974 to 1978.
These included the emu, sulphur-crested cockatoo, wedge-tailed eagle, superb lyrebird and Australian magpie.
In the mid- to late 1980s Curtis developed and taught parts of the computer science course at the Center for Talented Youth summer program.
One focus of his work has been the research of J.
Ian Hector Frazer AC is a Scottish-born Australian scientist and founding CEO and Director of Research of the Translational Research Institute.
George Ellett Coghill was an American philosopher anatomist best known for his work relating neuromuscular system development with movement patterns in embryos.
He also recognized that these deeply colored species were related to but isomeric with benzene derivatives.
He published the first Bulgarian textbook of Cell Biology in 1996 and in 2005 founded the Bulgarian Society for Cell Biology.
Laudan's philosophical view of "research traditions" is seen as an important alternative to Imre Lakatos's "research programs."
Not knowing if the catheter might pierce a vein, he put his life at risk.
König was very active as an editor.
In 2005, he was awarded the Hannan Medal by the Australian Academy of Science.
He shared the latter's love of music and was said to have inherited some important papers and relics of his ancestor.
He was born in the small town of Saint-Gervais-les-Trois-Clochers in the district of Châtellerault, near the city of Loudun.
He is known for his contributions to the theory of Navier–Stokes equations and numerical analysis.
With his doctoral student Daniel Benjamin Dess he invented the Dess–Martin periodinane that is used for selective oxidation of alcohols.
These new physical methods based on heat balance were quickly adopted by climatologists around the world.
Dr Robert Kidston, FRS FRSE LLD was a Scottish botanist and palaeobotanist.
Born on 17 August 1922, Smith graduated from Institute of Optics at the University of Rochester.
Chemistry & Biochemistry at The Florida State University from 2004 to 2013.
Carl Friedrich Christian Mohs was a German geologist and mineralogist.
Torkel Weis-Fogh was a Danish zoologist and Professor at the University of Cambridge and the University of Copenhagen.
Was the first to show the possibility of using counter-current liquid-liquid extraction in the separation of N-acetylamino acids.
He used nuclear magnetic resonance spectroscopy to determine the structure of molecules.
His academic research gravitated towards applied chemistry where he revolutionized the turpentine industry in the United States.
In 1948, he received an honorary Doctor of Science degree from the University of Southern California.
Sir Lloyd George Geering ONZ, GNZM, CBE is a New Zealand theologian who faced charges of heresy in 1967 for his controversial views.
In April 1818 Le Conte was appointed captain in the United States Army Corps of Topographical Engineers.
In 1987 he moved to the University of Chicago.
Kauzmann married Elizabeth Flagler Kauzmann, then a research assistant in the laboratory of Frank Johnson in the Princeton Biology Department, in April, 1951.
Bertrand later added a fourth event called the Huronian orogeny, which took place 2400 to 2100 million years ago, in Precambrian time.
He was also the first to document microscopic observations of muscle fibers, bacteria, spermatozoa, and blood flow in capillaries.
He is the son of former Colorado governor Roy Romer.
James Muspratt was a British chemical manufacturer who was the first to make alkali by the Leblanc process on a large scale in the United Kingdom.
This theory was concerned with the mathematical foundations of the theory of continuous time stochastic processes, especially Markov processes.
They also discovered meningococcus as the causative agent of cerebral and spinal meningitis.
Transfer from the hydrogen electrode function into the sodium function.
Richard Wilhelm was a German sinologist, theologian, and missionary.
Thellung made contributions to the third and fourth editions of Schinz and Keller's Flora der Schweiz.
In addition Michaux collected specimens in England, Spain, France, and even, Persia.
Before that, he was an astronomer and historian of science at the United States Naval Observatory in Washington, DC, from 1979 to 2003.
This conclusion was obtained after pressing fats in the cold between filter papers.
William Nathan Schoenfeld graduated from the College of the City of New York in 1937 and earned the Ph.D. at Columbia in 1942.
In addition to the carbon dioxide laser, he also developed the "spin-flip" infrared Raman laser.
In 1684, he published accurate drawings of finger ridge patterns.
He also added talc as an inert filler to give more body to the material, and red colouring.
Philippe le Bon was a French engineer, born in Brachay, France.
Christopher John Mead was a popular British ornithologist, author and broadcaster, and an influential member of the British Trust for Ornithology.
Previously, he was Scientific Director and Vice Chairman of Oncology at the Lombardi Comprehensive Cancer Center of Georgetown University.
One of his projects is HDR+ mode for Nexus and Google Pixel smartphones.
John Stevens Henslow was a British priest, botanist and geologist.
The Masursky Award and the Masursky Lecture are named after him as well.
Spiegelhalter is an ISI highly cited researcher.
His dissertation examined the social implications of the Slashdot website.
in 2016, Binnig won the Kavli Prize in Nanoscience.
For his works in immunology he is regarded as the "father of transplantation".
He is the Shirley and Leonard Ely Professor of Humanities and Sciences at Stanford University, a position he has held since 1987.
          p
Magnus Rudolph Hestenes was an American mathematician.
      
This grant will be used to study the contributions and distributions to the knowledge of economics.
She also found that vision acts as a way of pulling other sensory modalities together and without sight babies are delayed.
He went on annual collecting trips to Mexico, the Caribbean, Europe, and South America, sometimes, without informing any of his colleagues prior.
A founder of the Society for General Microbiology, she also served as its second president.
Shivers was presented with it in a ceremony in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania at an AATCC Conference.
The use of Benford's Law has been popularized by Mark Nigrini, an accounting professor at West Virginia University, to detect anomalies in tabulated data.
Sir William Duncan Paterson Stewart, FRS, FRSE was President of the Royal Society of Edinburgh from 1999–2002 and Chairman of the Microbiological Research Authority.
He was a member of the American Philosophical Society.
In 1852, he was appointed Regius Professor of Chemistry at the University of Glasgow and remained in that post for the rest of his career.
Elkan R. Blout was a professor of biochemistry at Harvard University.
Allen Taflove is a full professor in the Department of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science of Northwestern's McCormick School of Engineering, since 1988.
Nelson coined the terms transclusion, virtuality, and intertwingularity.
Roger Godement was a French mathematician, known for his work in functional analysis as well as his expository books.
His innovative work at AT&T pioneered the research and application of lightwave communication, and has had a far-reaching impact on information technology for over four decades.
John Ashley Soames Grenville was a historian of the modern world.
Antoine Henri Becquerel was a French physicist, Nobel laureate, and the first person to discover evidence of radioactivity.
He also composed his own unique treatises on mathematics and mathematical science.
He undertook further studies at the United States Fish Commission in the early years of the century.
John Michael Hammersley was a British mathematician best known for his foundational work in the theory of self-avoiding walks and percolation theory.
Laramie Potts is an American scientist at Ohio State University who identified the Wilkes Land mass concentration in Antarctica in collaboration with Ralph von Frese.
Later in his career, Block explored the molecular basis of circadian rhythms in mammals, and found that calcium flux was necessary for circadian rhythmicity.
John Young Campbell is a British-American economist.
Norman Howard Christ is a physicist and a professor at Columbia University, where he holds the Ephraim Gildor Professorship of Computational Theoretical Physics.
Some of his ideas were derived from the works of Ctesibius.
Harvey has authored many books and essays that have been prominent in the development of modern geography as a discipline.
In recognition of his actions, the Electronic Frontier Foundation picked Klein as one of the winners of its 2008 Pioneer Awards.
His most complete work in this area is his 2009 International Bibliography of Paremiology and Phraseology, published in two volumes.
Nelson Mandela and John Howard opened the 2000 event.
Derek Jackson was one of the outstanding atomic physicists of his generation.
His research interests include planetary science, fluid mechanics, hydrology, geodynamics, and physical volcanology.
He is perhaps best known for his development of the Scientist-Practitioner Model of graduate training for clinical psychologists, adopted by the American Psychological Association in 1949.
Crow also proposed the shadow volume technique for generating geometrically accurate shadows.
Edvard Alexander Westermarck was a Finnish philosopher and sociologist.
"Milwaukee" was added to the school's name in 1932.
He served on the United States Air Force's Scientific Advisory Board, and its Foreign Weapons Evaluation Group.
Kohlberg's work reflected and extended not only Piaget's findings but also the theories of philosophers George Herbert Mead and James Mark Baldwin.
Cohen studied chemistry under Svante Arrhenius in Stockholm, Henri Moissan at Paris, and Jacobus van't Hoff at Amsterdam.
Mazia grew up in a Jewish family in Philadelphia.
Among his students and collaborators were Friedrich Miescher and Nobel laureate Albrecht Kossel.
Behzad Razavi is an Iranian-American professor and researcher of electrical and electronic engineering.
Krook is remembered for his contribution to the Bhatnagar-Gross-Krook model.
Sir Joseph Burtt Hutchinson FRS was a British biologist.
He worked as a truck driver until he found a position at Pioneer Instruments Co. in Brooklyn, New York.
He is a pioneer in computational studies on functional properties of biological molecules.
Anil Kakodkar is an Indian nuclear scientist and mechanical engineer.
Eunice Kennedy Shriver, American disability rights activist
It is essentially a dusted-off TRON, paired with a competing standard to RFID.
He studied under Jean-Baptiste Dumas as a laboratory assistant and worked with Charles Frédéric Gerhardt.
Geoffrey Burnstock FRS FBPhS FMedSci is a neurobiologist and President of the Autonomic Neuroscience Centre of the UCL Medical School.
Thomas Erastus was a Swiss physician and theologian.
Outstanding Research Award of the Hou Jin-Dui Foundation, 1993.
He is most well known for his 1973 study into the causes of heart disease in which participants were asked to eat greasy fry-ups.
However, he rapidly progressed, especially in mathematics, and by the age of 14 started giving private lessons to earn money for his subsistence.
Parkinson then attended the Massachusetts Institute of Technology for his M.S.
Borazon is used industrially as a substitute for diamond where chemical reactivity or high temperature is a problem in grinding or cutting.
He was the winner of the Stalin Prize in 1949 and the Nobel Memorial Prize in Economics in 1975.
Georg Friedrich Julius Arthur von Auwers was a German astronomer.
He also developed a theory of light scattering, publishing it in Danish in 1890 and in French in his Collected Works, published in 1898.
In his appearance, manners and habits of thought, Heawood was an extravagantly unusual man.
              
He proceeded to Caius College, Cambridge, there taking up a study of the quaternion algebra.
He is one of the members of the Polish Language Council.
Georgiana Molloy wrote a number of diaries and many letters which have provided a unique personal narrative.
He was a leader in the fields of forensic medicine, serology, and immunogenetics.
He published over 65 articles, chapters and books.
He is most notable for his contributions to several fields including robotics, artificial intelligence, machine learning, and ubiquitous computing.
He was the eponym of Luzitania, a loose group of young Moscow mathematicians of the first half of the 1920s.
In 1942, he married to Phyllis Matkin with whom he had three children: Ian, Patrick, and Alison.
Returning from Europe, Bittker went back to government service, working for the Office of the Alien Property Custodian.
Arthur Linton Corbin was a professor at Yale Law School and a scholar of contract law.
He is the father of Karl Ernst Theodor Schweigger and adopted one of his students Franz Wilhelm Schweigger-Seidel as his own son.
His main ethnographic work described the culture of the Vedda people of Sri Lanka and the Shilluk people of the Sudan.
His name is occasionally written as Carolus Gustavus Iacobus Iacobi in his Latin books, and his first name is sometimes given as Karl.
of Computer Science and Engineering, at the UC San Diego Jacobs School of Engineering.
The 13th edition is the most current version available.
He is currently a Professor of Law at the Abia State University.
This significant work, winner of the Bancroft Prize in American history, challenged readers to think critically about the economics of slavery.
Frederic Evans Wakeman, Jr. was a prominent American scholar of East Asian history and Professor of History at University of California, Berkeley.
He is widely considered in popular literature as the "father of modern chemistry".
In the test, individuals are shown 10 inkblots—one at a time—and asked to report what objects or figures they see in each of them.
He was for many years a Fellow of the Queen's College, Oxford, and a demonstrator in Inorganic Chemistry at the University of Oxford.
His main contributions to science have been in the fields of quantum physics and spectroscopy.
At the end of July, he took up the management of the Ettelbruck hospital.
                      
In 1913 he was chosen president of the company replacing Charles A. Coffin who moved on to be the chairman of the board of GE.
Sir Henry Peter Francis Swinnerton-Dyer, 16th Baronet KBE FRS, commonly known as Peter Swinnerton-Dyer, is an English mathematician specialising in number theory at University of Cambridge.
In 1897, on the advice of teachers and friends, Țițeica completed his studies at a preparatory school in Paris.
Her work on space, place and power has been highly influential within a range of related disciplines and research fields.
Jerne is known for three significant ideas.
Coates then retrained in physiology and neuroscience and began researching the biology of risk taking and stress.
He was also the vice president of the Sierra Club, starting in 1904, and continuing until 1913.
Jean-Étienne Montucla was a French mathematician and historian.
His research interest is in discrete mathematics, especially graph theory.
In 1923 he became professor at the University of Wisconsin–Madison, from which he retired in 1961.
H. J. Eysenck's Encyclopedia of Psychology identifies him as the founder of modern scientific psychiatry, psychopharmacology and psychiatric genetics.
Some of Cuvier's most influential followers were Louis Agassiz on the continent and in the United States, and Richard Owen in Britain.
        α
Anatoly Nikolayevich Perminov is a Russian rocket scientist and a mechanical engineer.
Martin Steven Fridson is an American author known for his application of rigorous financial theory to the field of high yield bonds.
He showed that the Hasse principle holds for non-singular cubic forms in at least nine variables.
Charcot renamed the syndrome "Gilles de la Tourette's illness" in his honor.
He has greatly influenced art history and psychology in America.
Due to his interest in regional survey, Blanton helped to introduce methods of spatial analysis into archaeology.
Sir Bernard Katz, FRS was a German-born physician and biophysicist, noted for his work on nerve physiology.
He was born in the Kingdom of Hungary, in the former Hungarian capital city of Pozsony.
For example, he is considered a co-founder of the neuron theory.
Sir Harry Godwin, FRS was a prominent English botanist and ecologist of the 20th century.
From 1998 to 2008, he was director of this institute.
He is the author of more than 390 publications including 23 books on education and multimedia.
            π
Among other contributions, he helped design Modula-3, implemented the first compiler for the functional programming language ML, and defined the concept of typeful programming.
Anomalous thermodynamic and dynamic properties of water and other network forming liquids
His best-known work is De Plantis Aegypti liber.
John Mawe was a British mineralogist who became known for his practical approach to the discipline.
Another is the Questions About Behavior Function measure, an indirect functional assessment tool, which is the most extensively researched measure of its kind.
The bacteria species Shigella flexneri was named in recognition of Flexner.
Pillai studied at the University of Travancore in Trivandrum.
Maniatis has also received Honorary PhDs from the University of Athens, and the Watson School of Cold Spring Harbor Laboratory.
In 1993, Hans Meuer started the TOP500 initiative together with Erich Strohmaier, Horst Simon and Jack Dongarra.
2007 Charles Brenner from University of Iowa on discovery of new regulated steps in NAD metabolism
Eco-systems Biology has since been adopted by the field, empowered by the advent of high-throughput sequencing platforms.
In 2012 she became a fellow of the American Mathematical Society.
He is also a member of the American Oriental Society; and active in the International Association for Tibetan Studies and the International Association of Buddhist Studies.
Hallam Leonard Movius was an American archaeologist most famous for his work on the Palaeolithic period.
He was involved in the planning of Monowitz concentration camp, a satellite camp of KZ Auschwitz.
He is a recipient of the three major civilian awards from the Government of India: the Padma Shri, Padma Bhushan and Padma Vibhushan.
She contributed significantly to the development of ultrasonic scanners for examining pregnant women with her doctoral dissertation, "Ultrasonically-Enhanced Diffusion of Macro Molecules in Gels."
He was born in Frankfurt am Main and played in the ruins of the city during his childhood.
As part of Physical Review Letters 50th anniversary celebration, the journal recognized this discovery as one of the milestone papers in PRL history.
Daniel Loss is a professor of Theoretical Condensed Matter Physics at the University of Basel.
He is best known for the development of the Theory of the Second Best with Richard Lipsey.
He graduated from the Gymnasium der Residenzstadt, where one of his colleagues and lifelong friends was writer Heinrich Seidel.
He invented a method of applying the Czochralski method to produce extremely pure germanium single crystals used in making greatly improved transistors.
He received the Japan Prize in 2006, the Lasker-DeBakey Clinical Medical Research Award in 2008, the Canada Gairdner International Award in 2017.
Robert Coleman Richardson was an American experimental physicist whose area of research included sub-millikelvin temperature studies of helium-3.
His major contributions were in the study of the fossil plants of India and in plant evolution.
Pytheas of Massalia, was a Greek geographer and explorer from the Greek colony of Massalia.
Jens Eisert, born October 9, 1970, is a German physicist, ERC fellow, and professor at the Free University of Berlin.
In 2010, Oreskes co-authored Merchants of Doubt which identified some parallels between the climate change debate and earlier public controversies.
Johann August Ephraim Goeze was a German zoologist from Aschersleben.
Pierre Baldi is a chancellor's professor of computer science at University of California Irvine and the director of its Institute for Genomics and Bioinformatics.
Although born "Jones", his surname became "Spencer Jones".
Warren J. Smith resided in Vista, California until his death on 19 June 2008.
He graduated in 1906 and accepted a job with General Electric corporation.
Naidu also developed independently internal combustion four stroke engine.
Vijay Kumar Patodi was an Indian mathematician who made fundamental contributions to differential geometry and topology.
Yuri Dmitrievich Burago is a Russian mathematician.
Venetz was of a family long settled in the Valais, where he worked as cantonal engineer first for Valais and then for Vaud.
Terry occupies an important place in the beginnings of the development of interchangeable parts manufacturing.
Yves-André Rocard was a French physicist who helped develop the atomic bomb for France.
In 1920 he became a professor of metallurgy at École Nationale Supérieure des Mines de Paris.
A collection of his poetry in an English translation The Paradise for Clouds was published in the UK in 2009.
In this framework quantum gravity, string theory, and black holes may be experimentally investigated at the Large Hadron Collider.
The degree 6972593 is the exponent of a Mersenne prime.
Dr Lionel Vivian Crawford FRS, FRSE is a British cancer expert and virologist.
Friedrich Arnold Bopp was a German theoretical physicist who contributed to nuclear physics and quantum field theory.
His son Dénes Kőnig was a graph theorist.
He also co-authored the earliest theory of generative metrics.
His research focused on enzyme reaction mechanism and enzyme kinetics, especially multiple-substrate enzymes.
In 1891, he introduced the successful treatment of myxedema, with injections of sheep thyroid extract.
The Internet Society's Postel Award is named in his honor, as is the Postel Center at Information Sciences Institute, University of Southern California.
Carl von Than or Károly Than was a Hungarian chemist who discovered carbonyl sulfide in 1867.
In 1969, she joined the Cameron University faculty as an instructor, and she has been a full professor since 1978.
After losing his right thumb when working with a band saw, he decided to study mathematics at the Courant Institute of Mathematical Sciences.
From 1962-63 Paul M. Fitts was president of the Human Factors and Ergonomics Society.
Mention of Heim's physical and theological concept of extra-dimensional space can be found in a 2001 puzzle book by the popular mathematics writer Martin Gardner.
University of Michigan's Department of Biological Chemistry endowed a "Lectureship on the Biochemical Basis for the Physiology of Essential Nutrients" in honor of William E.M. Lands.
He is also the co-founder of ConfometRx, a biotechnology company focusing on G protein-coupled receptors.
Robert Ludlow "Bob" Trivers is an American evolutionary biologist and sociobiologist, who is a Professor of Anthropology and Biological Sciences at Rutgers University.
Frederick Charles Leonard was an American astronomer.
In 2008, Howard received worldwide attention for her SnoMote robots, designed to study the impact of global warming on the Antarctic ice shelves.
For his vision, judgement and management skill which fostered and achieved the practical application of his ideas with resulting advancements in the electrical industry".
Her PhD degree was from Columbia University in the Department of Chemistry, where she devised computational methods to calculate molecular resonance energies of several organic compounds.
He was certainly anti-Chartist as his correspondence with the Marquis of Bute, the Lord Lieutenant of Glamorgan, clearly shows.
A Fellow of the Royal Society, he was awarded India's second highest civilian award, the Padma Vibhushan in 1954 by the Government of India.
The solution of the Kervaire invariant problem was announced by Hopkins in Edinburgh on 21 April 2009.
Worsaae was the first to excavate and use stratigraphy to prove C. J. Thomsen's sequence of the Three-age system: Stone, Bronze, Iron.
University of Chicago, and University Lecturer at Columbia University.
Francis Rose MBE was an English field botanist and conservationist.
He has been called the "father of organic mass spectrometry."
During World War II, Heim was conscripted into the air force.
Dutton was a close associate of John Wesley Powell, G.K. Gilbert, and William Henry Holmes at the USGS.
Smiley was caught and arrested after a library staff member found his X-Acto knife on the floor.
De Duve was granted the rank of Viscount in 1989 by King Baudouin of Belgium.
He is also known in the field for creating one of the first U.S. clinical psychology internship programs while he was at Worcester State Hospital.
Edmund Duncan Montgomery was an Scottish-American philosopher, scientist and physician.
Herman Louis Verlinde is a Dutch theoretical physicist and string theorist.
Benjamin "Ben" Polak is a British professor of economics and management and Provost at Yale University.
studies of Lewis Madison Terman at Stanford, and authored many pivotal papers and books on various aspects of psychology.
It was translated into several languages and recognized as one of the greatest contributions to the knowledge of Brazil at the beginning of the nineteenth century.
He also contributed significantly to central and western Canadian Mesozoic and Cenozoic paleobotany.
Lobegott Friedrich Constantin Tischendorf was a world leading biblical scholar in his time.
Head-Gordon is also one of the founders of Q-Chem Inc.
Roderic Dugald Morton Page, known as Rod, is an evolutionary biologist at the University of Glasgow, Scotland, and the author of several books.
His application citation read: "Distinguished for his work in astronomy.
Having spent his entire professional career at the University of Oslo, he is especially known for his work on plagues, especially the Black Death.
The previously empirical study of metal solidification was provided a consistent scientific foundation.
John Richard Krebs, Baron Krebs, FRS is an English zoologist researching in the field of behavioural ecology of birds.
He was an opponent of the ideas of Ernst Haeckel.
Paul Pierre Lévy was a French mathematician who was active especially in probability theory, introducing martingale and Lévy flight.
Holbrook was elected a member of the National Academy of Sciences in 1868.
He worked on cognition based on neurophysiology, mathematics, and philosophy and was called "one of the most consequential thinkers in the history of cybernetics".
He is a fellow of the Canadian Academy of Health Sciences.
His early work was in botany, and he helped to introduce the work of Carolus Linnaeus into England.
Viktor Ivanovich Sarianidi or Victor Sarigiannides was a Soviet archaeologist.
Giddens' ambition was both to recast social theory and to re-examine our understanding of the development and trajectory of modernity.
He has been Eugene Higgins Professor of Mathematics at Princeton University since 2002, succeeding Andrew Wiles, and is an editor of the Annals of Mathematics.
In 1925, Ogle earned a bachelor's degree from Colorado College cum laude.
The name remained unofficial until its adoption by the IAU in 1986.
He is known for developing the conjecture-making computer program Graffiti.
Vrba studied zoology and mathematical statistics at the University of Cape Town to earn her undergraduate degree.
Herbert Wechsler was a legal scholar and former director of the American Law Institute.
Charles Thomas Jackson was an American physician and scientist who was active in medicine, chemistry, mineralogy, and geology.
Fritz Walther Meissner was a German technical physicist.
Adolphe-Théodore Brongniart FRS FRSE FGS was a French botanist.
His two-volume Voyage dans la basse et la haute Egypte, 1802, was the foundation of modern Egyptology.
The depth was measured at 35,813 feet, but later and more accurate measurements have measured it at 35,798 feet.
Hutchinson has received various honors, including the Timoshenko Medal of the American Society of Mechanical Engineers awarded in 2002.
Other areas of constraint programming he has researched include the identification of hard problems and techniques for solving vehicle routing problems.
He served as Provost of Oriel College, Oxford from 1947 to 1957.
Kerry Andrew Emanuel is an American professor of meteorology currently working at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology in Cambridge.
He is an international lecturer and public speaker, and has been Editor of the Annual Review of Nuclear and Particle Science.
Previously, Stebbins worked as a legislative fellow for U. S. Senator Harry Reid and as a policy fellow for the National Human Genome Research Institute.
Bose National Centre where he is a Senior Professor now.
He began his research on RNA after spending a year's sabbatical studying with James F. Bonner at the California Institute of Technology.
Some of his explorations were funded by the Archaeological Institute of America.
From 1989 until 2009, Weiss was a professor at Pennsylvania State University, rising from Assistant Professor to Distinguished Professor of Chemistry and Physics.
He is also a Chartered Information Technology Professional.
Ashok Jhunjhunwala is a professor in the Department of Electrical Engineering, Indian Institute of Technology Madras at Chennai, India and has served as the departmental chair.
He has written several papers about the relationship between science and theology.
He was awarded the Arthur L. Day Medal by the Geological Society of America in 1951.
He worked in Bonn, Germany during 1892–3, 1895–6 and 1898, attracted to the work of Moritz Nussbaum, becoming an M.D.
The asteroid 1745 Ferguson, discovered from the same observatory, was later named in his honour.
In his book The Goal, the protagonist is a manager in charge of a troubled manufacturing operation.
In 1885, Polak sponsored Stapf to conduct a botanical expedition of his own to South- and Western Persia, which was to last nine month.
Alexander Leonidovich Kuzemsky is a Russian theoretical physicist.
Aida created an original symbol for "equal".
He died in Zurich on 3 January 1923.
Peter, Pieter, or usually Petrus Camper, was a Dutch physician, anatomist, physiologist, midwife, zoologist, anthropologist, palaeontologist and a naturalist.
He received a Granville scholarship and joined the University of London in 1899 and became an assistant professor of chemistry in 1902.
In 1935 he was appointed Director of the Inorganic Chemical Institute at the Technical University in Münich.
charter member of the American Association of Museums
Finkelstein is a member of the Israel Academy of Sciences and Humanities and a 'correspondant étranger' of the French Académie des Inscriptions et Belles Lettres.
He was a student of Alfred Tarski and is known for, among other things, having invented Presburger arithmetic as a student in 1929.
Ernst Späth, northern Moravia – 30 September 1946, in Zurich) was an Austrian chemist, specializing in natural products.
He developed the CHO cell line from Chinese hamster ovarian cells for this work.
He died at the age of 46 on July 6, 2002.
He went on to injecting the fresh form into same chickens, and they didn't die.
Together, they developed the Lusternik–Schnirelmann category, as it is called now, based on the previous work by Henri Poincaré, David Birkhoff, and Marston Morse.
Debra Ann Fischer is a professor of astronomy at Yale University researching detection and characterization of exoplanets.
Solander was the first university educated scientist to set foot on Australian soil.
He is known for work on the Weil conjectures, leading to a complete proof in 1973.
Her final promotion to full Professor, in 1948, was at the age of 69 in the last years of her career.
He co-founded the Journal of Lipid Research.
Eriksen has been a minor political candidate for the Norwegian Liberal Party.
Knoblauch's student and collaborator on the diamagnetism work was John Tyndall.
He married artist and philanthropist Dorothy Stokes Bostwick in 1950.
She is known for her research, and for her service in several significant advisory positions in industry and government.
He said that things typically considered to be "rough", a "mess" or "chaotic", like clouds or shorelines, actually had a "degree of order."
William Galston holds the Ezra K. Zilkha Chair in Governance Studies and senior fellow at the Brookings Institution.
He is also a Vice-President of the Society for Ancient Medicine and a Fellow of the Royal Historical Society.
Titchener is best known for creating his version of psychology that described the structure of the mind: structuralism.
The company developed Cognition Network Technology to analyze images just like the human eye and brain are capable of doing.
Fong is best known for his television appearances, particularly as an occasional presenter of the long-running BBC2 science programme, Horizon.
He recognised and named the psychological concept of flow, a highly focused mental state.
In collaboration with Hieronymo Saldino he contributed to Institutiones Analyticae, volume one in 1765, volume two in 1767.
Jordan Carson Mark was a Canadian-born mathematician best known for his work on developing nuclear weapons for the United States at the Los Alamos National Laboratory.
Born in San Jose, CA, to Lydia Shipley Bean and Charles Ellwood Cox.
In the field of condensed matter physics Chapline is best known as the originator of the concept of a gossamer metal; i.e.
In 1970 he won the Hughes Medal.
Milner Baily Schaefer was born in Cheyenne, Wyoming, in 1912 and died at the age of 57 in San Diego, California in 1970.
Both Mendeleev and Meyer worked with Robert Bunsen.
David H. Dolphin, OC FRS FRSC is a Canadian biochemist.
Barré de Saint-Venant developed a version of vector calculus similar to that of Grassmann which he published in 1845.
William Jason Morgan is an American geophysicist who has made seminal contributions to the theory of plate tectonics and geodynamics.
Zee is an accomplished teacher, covering both general relativity and quantum field theory.
He is currently a professor of computer science at Brown University.
His main research topic is the connection between hormones and intelligence.
Douglas while he concentrated on research, finally dying in office on 20 October 1936.
Lynne Talley is an American physical oceanographer.
After graduation, Metzler received his PhD in Economics at Harvard University, where he became great friends with Paul Samuelson.
Dodrill was an intern and resident at Harper Hospital in Detroit where he became a staff surgeon.
He thought about it and said, “I see, yes, those are very hard problems”.
He is a Distinguished Professor at the Scripps Institution of Oceanography, at the University of California, San Diego.
degrees in mechanical engineering from the Technion in 1981, 1983, and 1987, respectively.
Ramesh Chandra Jain(hi:रमेश चंद्र जैन) is a scientist and entrepreneur in the field of information and computer science.
He is a principal researcher at Microsoft Research.
Brown and his wife founded the annual "Warren and Janet Brown Scholarship" that supports students in neuropsychological research.
He was the son of Johann Heinrich and Catherine Margarete.
Sir William Edmond Logan, FRSE FRS FGS, was a Canadian-born geologist and the founder and first director of the Geological Survey of Canada.
He named the hypothetical enzyme "thrombin", and he called its precursor "prothrombin".
Charles R. Leedham-Green is a retired professor of mathematics at Queen Mary, University of London, known for his work in group theory.
In 1991 President George Bush conferred the National Medal of Science on Avery for her work on RDS.
Simon Mitton is an astronomer and writer.
During his work in British Columbia he was the first to determine the heights of principal mountain peaks along the railway and named many of them.
In 1999, he was made an Officer of the Order of Canada.
Avraham Biran was an Israeli archaeologist, best known for heading excavations at Tel Dan in northern Israel.
Dias published the book Ligação Química in October 2006.
In June 2006 Paul stepped down from this position to return to his law practice.
Sir Peter Knight received an Honorary Doctorate from Heriot-Watt University in 2010.
His students included Shiing-Shen Chern, Luis Santaló, and Emanuel Sperner.
Described by colleagues as a brilliant scientist and organizer, he was deeply affected by the Chernobyl disaster, the worst nuclear accident in history.
He received his Ph.D. at Hebrew University in 1955, under the direction of Samuel Eilenberg.
He served as the president of the International Mathematical Union from 1929 to 1936.
The company has two facets, Kynkyny Art, a gallery for contemporary Indian art, and Kynkyny Home, a boutique for exclusive home furniture and products.
Bartle was born in Kansas City, Missouri, and was the son of Glenn G. Bartle and Wanda M. Bartle.
Together with Otto Schott and Carl Zeiss, he laid the foundation of modern optics.
He was born in Bologna to Paride Grimaldi and Anna Cattani.
He is a Life Fellow of King’s College, Cambridge.
He created and organized the herbarium and arboretum in Belém, Brazil, and was director of the Museu Paraense Emílio Goeldi from 1907 until he died.
Sergei Nikolaievich Winogradsky ForMemRS was a Russian microbiologist, ecologist and soil scientist who pioneered the cycle-of-life concept.
He actively contributed to the creation of the third issue of the Astronomische Gesellschaft Katalog.
She also has a poem on Poetry 180 in number 42.
He was one of the three editors of the PRINCETON MATH series in Annals of Mathematics Studies.
Stating "Our democracy is too important", he simultaneously placed ThreeBallot in the public domain.
Abraham Vater was a German anatomist from Wittenberg.
Executive functions include 'thinking outside the box', mentally relating ideas and facts, and giving considered responses rather than impulsive ones, resisting temptations and staying focused.
Tschermak accepted a teaching position at the University of Agricultural Sciences Vienna in 1901, and became professor there five years later, in 1906.
Her thesis won one of the BCS/CPHC Distinguished Dissertation Awards for 1995 and has been published by Cambridge University Press.
Otto Ludwig Hölder was a German mathematician born in Stuttgart.
His name is one of the 72 names inscribed on the Eiffel tower.
He rejected all attempts to make the last year of his life bearable.
Praised by beef industry supporters, his controversial ideas have sparked fierce opposition from academics, environmentalists, and scientists.
He has also written a number of descriptions of loop quantum gravity that are accessible to non-physicists.
Nevertheless, he organized public lectures in which he spoke about literacy, mesmerism and theatre.
Lev Vaidman is a Russian-Israeli physicist and Professor at Tel Aviv University, Israel.
Waksman was later accused of playing down the role of Albert Schatz, a PhD student who did the work under Waksman's supervision to discover streptomycin.
He also provided an early clinical description of a link between multiple sclerosis and certain mental disorders.
He received a Ph.D. in sociology from the University of Mannheim, Germany and a "Habilitation" in psychology from the University of Heidelberg, Germany.
He was the Principal of Jesus College, Oxford from 2007 until 2015.
Philip Hefner is a professor emeritus of systematic theology at the Lutheran School of Theology at Chicago.
Ernest Jean Philippe Fauque de Jonquières was a French mathematician and naval officer who made several contributions in geometry.
His integral was the first to be able to integrate all derivatives.
From then until 1909 she taught home economics, beginning in Utah before going to Rhode Island.
She is the daughter of Helena and Dikran S. Izmirlian of Geneva.
He has published in various psychology and psychiatry journals.
Martin Schwarzschild was a German-born American astrophysicist.
He died in Port of Spain, aged 81.
He is a professor of computer science at Dartmouth College and former Chair of the Dartmouth College Department of Computer Science.
                        3
He was a friend of Isaac Newton and was among Newton's first biographers.
He is also a Fellow of Gonville and Caius College and lives in Cambridge.
Pritchard tried to save both the turtles and the tribe.
Though his name is commonly written "Yamakawa," he himself wrote it as "Yamagawa" in English.
He is popular among the Hungarian minority in Romania and has a growing popularity in Hungary.
The new firm of Boulton and Watt was eventually highly successful and Watt became a wealthy man.
               
Giovanni Arduino died in Venice in 1795.
Although he was recognized as a Quaker, he was known to break the rules by dressing in a long red coat and occasionally drinking to excess.
He is a full member of Lithuanian Academy of Sciences.
Yee's research has appeared in The New York Times, The Wall Street Journal, BusinessWeek, and CNN International, among other media outlets.
She invented the "hug box" device to calm those on the autism spectrum.
During his research on mineral salts he discovered bromine in 1825, as a brown gas evolving after the salt was treated with chlorine.
His work attracted the Carnegie Foundation to commission an in-depth evaluation into 155 colleges and universities across the United States and Canada.
Philip Hauge Abelson was an American physicist, a scientific editor, and a science writer.
Studying the C. elegans is allowing Bargmann to uncover how neurons and genes affect behavior.
Sheldon Lee Glashow is a Nobel Prize winning American theoretical physicist.
Theodosius Dobzhansky worked with him from 1924.
This balance describes wind-driven ocean gyres away from continental margins at western boundaries.
Peter Turchin is a Russian-American scientist, specializing in cultural evolution and cliodynamics — mathematical modeling and statistical analysis of the dynamics of historical societies.
Franco Dino Rasetti was an Italian scientist.
Nicolaes Tulp was a Dutch surgeon and mayor of Amsterdam.
The Croatian Academy of Sciences and Arts held a symposium on Špišić in 2005.
The Ruziewicz problem, asking whether the Lebesgue measure on the sphere may be characterized by certain of its properties, is named after Ruziewicz.
Rolv Petter Storvik Amdam is a Norwegian economic historian.
According to the Tuckman theory of group development, there are four phases of group development: Forming, Storming, Norming, Performing.
       
He was best known for design and construction of the world's first operationally successful mainline diesel locomotive, the E el-2.
His other interests included morphology of flowering plants, paleobotany, and the flora of the Caucasus.
William Elmer Forsythe received his bachelor's degree from Denison University and went on to do his masters and PhD at the University of Wisconsin.
Before his PhD was conferred, he worked as curator of insects at the California Academy of Sciences.
In 2002, Scientific American magazine named her as one of their "Scientific American 50" to recognise her contribution to science and technology.
He was a leader in critical behavior theory and developed methods for distilling testable predictions for critical exponents.
Finally, he proposed a new approach to differential geometry by means of diffeological spaces.
She is most notable for a paper on the effects of fructose on triglycerides in women.
Taqi ad-Din's method of finding coordinates of stars was reportedly more precise than those of his contemporaries, Tycho Brahe and Nicolas Copernicus.
He is most widely known for his psychoanalytic theories on borderline personality organization and narcissistic pathology.
Sir Raymond William Firth, CNZM, FBA was an ethnologist from New Zealand.
McKeen has seven children: Sarah, Graham and Mary, Savannah, Jack, Travis and Charley.
Amitabh Kumar "Amit" Singhal is the former senior vice president of engineering at Uber, a position he took up in 2017, reporting to CEO Travis Kalanick.
As a space-charge layer has nanometer thickness, the effect is directly related to nanoionics.
In recent years, she had an important role in the debate on cognitive differences between men and women.
Charles Otis Whitman was an American zoologist, who was influential to the founding of classical ethology.
Kouwenhoven focused his research mainly on improving and saving lives of patients through the application of electricity.
He is known for being involved with sequencing the second human genome and assembled the first team to transfect a cell with a synthetic chromosome.
Shen Kuo, courtesy name Cunzhong and pseudonym Mengqi Weng, was a Han Chinese polymathic scientist and statesman of the Song dynasty.
He authored the two volume classic, A Treatise on the Mathematical Theory of Elasticity.
In 1987, he followed Hillenkamp at Münster and both formed a group in the Faculty of Medicine at University of Münster.
Robert Kho-Seng Lim FRSE was a Chinese doctor.
Leif Randulff Ryvarden is a Norwegian mycologist.
In 1918 he was scientific attache to the United States embassy in London.
Sir Roy Malcolm Anderson, FRS FMedSci is a leading British expert on epidemiology.
In 1850, Hillebrand lived at what is now Foster Botanical Garden in Honolulu.
He made a pilgrimage to Lourdes and Rome in 1875; afterwards, he travelled to Australia in order to observe a transit of Venus.
His widow, Halina Stephan, is a professor for Slavic Literature at Ohio State University.
Along with William R. James, Sr. he discovered the high-grade iron ore deposits of Quebec and Labrador.
            n
Aref was president of the 20th International Congress of Theoretical and Applied Mechanics held in Chicago in 2000.
Lester Halbert Germer was an American physicist.
Friedrich Georg Carl Gaedcke was a German chemist.
He has published near 200 research papers, and an ISI highly cited researcher.
Paul Ulrich Villard was a French chemist and physicist.
He is known for his provocative, contrarian views.
Ei-ichi Negishi is a Manchuria-born American chemist of Japanese origin who has spent most of his career at Purdue University in the United States.
Gambini returned to Uruguay in 1987 after democracy had returned to the country.
Unfortunately, a December 1870 fire in his camp destroyed nearly all that he had collected.
A primary subject of his research later became known as Markov chains and Markov processes.
Engel studied under Felix Klein at Leipzig, and collaborated with Sophus Lie for much of his life.
Wilson was elected to the first class of the Harvard Society of Fellows.
He was married from 1961 to 2013 to the late Pauline Maier, Professor at MIT and noted American historian.
Ramensky was a proponent of the view that biotic communities consist of species behaving individualistically.
Hundreds of his drawings illustrating the delicate arborizations of brain cells are still in use for educational and training purposes.
          
The IEEE awarded Backus the W. W. McDowell Award in 1967 for the development of FORTRAN.
In 1945 he published the first detailed structure of cell.
He received his PhD in Microbiology from the Czechoslovak Academy of Sciences.
Barreto was born in Salvador, capital of the northeastern state of Bahia, Brazil.
At present, Kagan is considered among the foremost American scholars of Greek history.
He was a postdoctoral fellow with John G. Kirkwood at Yale University from 1954-56.
Claude-Louis Navier, was a French engineer and physicist who specialized in mechanics.
He won the Gibbs Prize in 1949 and completed a DPhil in chemistry at Oxford University in 1953 before starting his professional career as a chemist.
Together with Stephan Schulz, Sutcliffe founded and has been organizing the ES* Workshop series, a venue for presentation and publishing of practically oriented Automated Reasoning research.
the price of the labor-intensive good in the labor-abundant country will be bid down relative to the price of the good in the other country.
Volta enjoyed a certain amount of closeness with the Emperor throughout his life and he was conferred numerous honours by him.
His first major academic appointment was at Johns Hopkins University, at which time he was also a regular columnist for the Baltimore Evening Sun newspaper.
Diderot, who was no friend to Caylus, maintained that the proper method had been found by J.-B.
Trybulec's sister, Krystyna Kuperberg, his brother in law, Włodzimierz Kuperberg, and their son, Greg Kuperberg, are all noted mathematicians.
              8
Vincent Matthew Sarich was an American Professor Emeritus in anthropology at UC Berkeley.
Smoot donated his share of the Nobel Prize money, less travel costs, to a charitable foundation.
Leo Yaffe, OC FRSC was a Canadian nuclear chemistry scientist and a proponent of the peaceful uses of nuclear power.
Boutroux is chiefly known for his work in the history and philosophy of mathematics.
Robert Heinrich Hermann Koch was a celebrated German physician and pioneering microbiologist.
Dr. Kennedy has served on the NIH Cellular Mechanisms of Aging and Development study section since 2006, acting as Committee Chair since 2010.
He was one of the founders of criminal anthropology in Italy and sought to explain criminal behavior through the study of neuroanatomy.
Martti Olavi Siirala was a Finnish psychiatrist, psychoanalyst and philosopher.
He currently serves as the director of Berkeley's Central Sierra Field Research Stations.
Siegel is currently President Emeritus and Distinguished Chair of Leadership, Ethics & Character at Kennesaw State University.
He is professor emeritus at Harvard University.
These are now accepted as pioneering and standard works in the field.
Sir Roy George Douglas Allen, CBE, FBA was an English economist, mathematician and statistician.
In 2007, John Feaver wrote a biography of Malmstadt.
He was a co-editor of the English translation of C.G.
Heim also devoted considerable attention to the glacial phenomena of the Alpine regions.
In 1854 he graduated from the College d'Arras, followed by studies in medicine and zoology in Paris.
He is known for describing the foramen of Magendie.
Wright was born at Garveston and educated at Gonville and Caius College, Cambridge, where he became a fellow from 1587 to 1596.
Alfred Goodman Gilman was an American pharmacologist and biochemist.
Grabbe wrote articles and essays about personal freedom and governmental abuse, and was an editor of Internet magazines such as the Laissez Faire City Times.
Outside academia, she is best known for having been a child prodigy in mathematics.
From 1834 to 1838, he published Introduction à l'entomologie, comprenant les principes généraux de l'anatomie et de la physiologie des insectes, in three volumes.
Brian Joe Lobley Berry is a British-American human geographer and city and regional planner.
He currently works as a Senior Research Scientist at MIT's Computer Science and Artificial Intelligence Laboratory.
He designed a DXing radio receiver when he was 14, which never worked; however, he designed his own circuit and made all the PCBs himself.
Arthur Lakes died there in 1917, still "tanned from the outdoors life he led."
He then continued his research activities at the universities of Tübingen and Münster.
He is currently the Lewis Thomas University Professor of Medicine at Weill Cornell Medicine and a Senior Associate at the New York Genome Center.
He added astronomy to his portfolio in 1842, and remained as Harvard professor until his death.
in Mathematics from New Mexico State University in 1977, and a M.S.
His research pulled him towards the Project MAC, which became the Laboratory for Computer Science and the Artificial Intelligence Laboratory, where he researched expert systems.
The International Winter Institutes provided the initiation of hundreds of Latin American young scientists during the eighties and nineties.
Charles Stark "Doc" Draper was an American scientist and engineer, known as the "father of inertial navigation".
He likely observed nuclear magnetic resonance in 1941, well before Felix Bloch and Edward Mills Purcell, but dismissed the results as not reproducible.
Dr. Hartmann has been a fellow of the Acoustical Society of America since 1983.
He received the Nobel Prize in Chemistry together with Donald Cram and Charles Pedersen in 1987 for his synthesis of cryptands.
The fundamental degrees of freedom propagated on a surface in one lower dimension thus giving a holographic theory.
He studied and worked at the University of Vienna.
The book saw eight editions and for many years was the standard textbook in the field.
Since he needed data from the whole world, he proposed the International Geophysical Year in 1950.
From 1973 to 1976, he participated in the successful World Health Organization smallpox eradication program.
From 6 to 9 November 2006, he attended an international meeting in Indonesia for The Yogyakarta Principles as one of 29 experts.
        ≤
Charles Frank was an optical and scientific instrument maker from Glasgow, Scotland.
In January 2013, he was appointed director of the Knowledge Media Design Institute at the University of Toronto.
Younessi had survived four bouts of cancer since an initial diagnosis of malignant chordoma in 2009.
He was a physics professor at Rockefeller University until his retirement.
Henry Augustus Rowland was an American physicist.
He was born in Gerolstein in the Rhineland-Palatinate and studied in Munich under the supervision of Heinrich Otto Wieland.
He is best remembered as the person whose theories of atmospheric electric currents elucidated the nature of the aurora borealis.
He remains well known in Greenland, Denmark and among Canadian Inuit.
He was named a Fellow of the AAAS in 1994 and of the ACM and IEEE in 1995.
After the Second World War broke out in Europe, he was interned on the Isle of Man, and later in Canada.
In 1982 he received the Davisson-Germer Prize.
Harold Albert Wilson FRS was an English physicist.
Sir Francis Graham-Smith is a British astronomer.
Before that, he had been a professor of psychology at various institutions for almost 40 years.
Her major research interests are in planetary and terrestrial surface processes with an emphasis on volcanology.
In the same year he explored the patanas in Ceylon for six months, having been awarded a Worts Travelling Scholars Fund.
In Denmark, he was made a Knight of the Dannebrog Order.
He was the second most nominated person for a Nobel Prize with 82 nominations in the years 1925–1945, ultimately winning in 1943.
Her SSA work was recognized in 2006 by the ACM Programming Language Achievement Award as a "significant and lasting contribution to the field."
No error in thinking about social facts is more serious than the failure to see their place and function".
Johan Vilhelm Aubert was an influential Norwegian sociologist.
He holds a PhD from Tufts University and is best known for his work with coyotes and his interests in Lyme Disease.
Prior to joining the computer science department at IIT Madras, he was with the department of mathematics of Madurai Kamaraj University.
He researched on aerospace for four decades with NASA, United Technology, and Alstom, a French power generation company.
In 1945, he was sent to Institute G, near Sukhumi and under the directorship of Hertz, to work on the Soviet atomic bomb project.
Frances Hamilton Arnold is an American scientist and engineer.
Professor G. Balakrishnan Nair was an emeritus Sanskrit academician, author and renowned scholar of Sree Nārāyana Guru’s philosophical works.
For his contributions to cancer research, he appeared on the cover of the June 27, 1949 issue of Time magazine under the title "Cancer Fighter."
His paper on line arrangements may have inspired a paper by N. G. de Bruijn on quasiperiodic tilings.
This social constructivist philosophy claims that both the theorems and truths of mathematics, and the objects of mathematics, are cultural products created by humans.
He was also awarded the Paul-Lewis Award in Enzyme Chemistry from the American Chemical Society in 1951, L.H.D.
He was a professor at Tokyo Imperial University, a researcher at RIKEN, and worked on a wide range of topics in physics.
Gottfredson's work has been influential in shaping U.S. public and private policies regarding affirmative action, hiring quotas, and "race-norming" on aptitude tests.
His training was mostly in chemistry but his later research was mostly in physics.
She has also contributed important research on school start times as it relates to sleep patterns and sleepiness in adolescence.
He was among the most prominent and influential marine zoologists of his time.
The Hugh Edwards Lifetime Achievement Award for contributions to Combustion Physics has been conferred on him in 2005.
Dragon Teeth, a novel by Michael Crichton published in 2017, imagines the fossil-hunting expeditions of Cope and the rivalry he had with Othniel Marsh.
Henry William Frederick Saggs was an English classicist and orientalist.
Hein's research interests are in molecular evolution, molecular population genetics and bioinformatics.
Kollagunta Gopalaiyer Ramanathan was an Indian mathematician known for his work in number theory.
She was responsible for ground-breaking work on non-associative algebraic structures, including the Moufang loops named after her.
His numerous publications are mostly devoted to the ecology of moorlands and his typology of moorlands is today used as a standard classifications strategy for moorlands.
      
The genus Schaueria was named in his honour by Nees.
Michio Suzuki was a Japanese mathematician who studied group theory.
Director of the Wellcome Laboratory for Molecular Pharmacology.
His paintings have been exhibited in New Haven and Manhattan.
He was appointed to this position by NASA administrator Charles Bolden on February 3, 2010.
He was the brother of Nobel laureate Joseph Hooton Taylor, Jr..
He works on quantum many-body theory of complex materials ranging from organic superconductors to biomolecules to rare-earth oxide catalysts.
Éva Tardos is a Hungarian mathematician and the Jacob Gould Schurman Professor of Computer Science at Cornell University.
Both of Störck's parents died when he was young, and he spent his early years as an orphan in a Viennese poorhouse.
Gerard de Jode was probably the maker of a globe made in Antwerp that also owes much to the cosmographic ideas of Guillaume Postel.
He served on the editorial board of the Proceedings of the IEEE from November 2000 to December 2006.
He was born in New York and raised in the Bronx.
Prince A. Morrow was an American dermatologist, venereologist and early campaigner for sex education.
He devised a method for classifying fingerprints that proved useful in forensic science.
from Harvard University in 1966 and his Ph.D. from the University of California at Berkeley in 1970.
Lamarck fought in the Pomeranian War against Prussia, and was awarded a commission for bravery on the battlefield.
Stefan Banach was a Polish mathematician who is generally considered one of the world's most important and influential 20th-century mathematicians.
He was a brother in Alpha Chi Sigma, the professional chemistry fraternity.
Karl Theophil Fries was a German chemist.
Although her works on coal and viruses were appreciated in her lifetime, her contributions to the discovery of the structure of DNA were largely recognised posthumously.
Products that he was involved in developing include the birth control pill, the nicotine patch, corticosteroids, and the DNA microarray.
Among his patents are designs of patents for solar generators, wind generators and high efficiency motors.
Ian Donald was a Scottish physician who pioneered the use of diagnostic ultrasound in medicine.
Much of his career was spent performing research in Africa and Latin America.
In 1871 he earned his doctorate at Heidelberg, and afterwards spent several years as an assistant to pathologist Nikolaus Friedreich.
In 1939 he became a research student under Harrie Massey.
Alfred Russel Wallace OM FRS was a British naturalist, explorer, geographer, anthropologist, and biologist.
Edward Chace Tolman was an American psychologist.
Later, he had a summer job as an announcer at Marineland when it was a SeaWorld-style attraction south of St. Augustine.
Lipke Bijdeley Holthuis was a Dutch carcinologist, considered one of the "undisputed greats" of carcinology, and "the greatest carcinologist of our time".
Csaba Pléh is a Hungarian psychologist and linguist, professor at the Department of Cognitive Science, Budapest University of Technology and Economics.
He was born September 17, 1943 in Baltimore, Maryland.
He invented it in response to the need to communicate information about AIDS to the people of Africa.
After finishing his secondary education at Örebro högre allmänna läroverk, Lindblad matriculated at Uppsala University in 1914.
He continues to teach and do research as a professor emeritus at the University of Texas Brownsville.
He published nearly 400 articles on topics such as genetics, evolution, sociology, geography, and anthropology.
He was chair of the History Department at Lafayette College from 1931 to 1942 and then a faculty member of the University of Kentucky.
The David White House, his home for 15 years, is a U.S. National Historic Landmark.
In 1989, he became an IEEE fellow.
From 1965 to 1985, he was an instructor at East China Normal University.
He is not related to Henry Woodward, whom he replaced as curator of the Geology Department of the British Museum of Natural History.
He later graduated from McGill University, and completed his Ph.D. in physics in 1954 at Columbia University.
Loïc Wacquant is a sociologist, specializing in urban sociology, urban poverty, racial inequality, the body, social theory and ethnography.
Carlson's process was subsequently renamed xerography, a term that literally means "dry writing."
Full member of St Petersburg Academy of Sciences.
In the 1870s the business failed and in 1879 it was declared bankrupt.
and Carbon Dioxide and Global Change: Earth in Transition.
From 1901 to 1938 he was head of the prestigious Carlsberg Laboratory, Copenhagen.
He was associate professor at the Department of Computer and Digital Systems Engineering, Escola Politécnica, University of São Paulo.
In an interview, she indicated that the competitive and single-minded nature of higher mathematics is possibly part of what discourages women from pursuing it.
Jonathan David Blundy FRS is Professor of Petrology in the Department of Earth Sciences at the University of Bristol.
He is famous for the thesis outlined in his book Ancient Law that law and society developed "from status to contract."
He made pioneering studies in anthropometry in India.
Kondo spent his entire career, over 40 years, at the Bernice P. Bishop Museum in Honolulu.
He was a member of the International Academy of Quantum Molecular Science.
He received a PhD in Atmospheric Science from the University of Miami in 1993.
Kumar is known for his research in the control and coordination of multi-robot formations.
In 1893-1894 he was president of the Geologists' Association, and he published many important works on geology.
Since 1991, he has been Professor of Pediatrics at the University of Oslo and Director of the Department of Pediatric Research at Oslo University Hospital, Rikshospitalet.
He began his studies in Toulouse, later returning to Montpellier, where he studied medicine at the university.
In 1961, he moved to MIT as an Institute Professor with appointments in both the Departments of Humanities and Metallurgy.
He has also been an organizer of Biomedical Forum, Annual Program of Continuing Medical Education held at Medical University of Varna, Bulgaria.
He was a professor of geology and paleontology at Princeton University.
He was the Office of Strategic Services transportation specialist in World War II.
She is considered to be a pioneer of gerontology and geriatrics in Romania.
From 2000 to 2002, he worked at AT&T.
In 2009 and 2016, Brent and Paul Zimmermann discovered some even larger primitive trinomials, for example:
According to family records, he was an ethnic German with roots in Trieste Austro-Hungary.
Armitage belonged to the generation of mathematicians who came to maturity in the Second World War.
                  
He studied at the University of Manitoba receiving a B.Sc.
From the 1850s until his death, Kekulé was one of the most prominent chemists in Europe, especially in theoretical chemistry.
One of her most influential ideas is the feature integration theory of attention, first published with G. Gelade in 1980.
Rothemund is also a 2007 recipient of the MacArthur Fellowship.
He worked at CERN since 1989 and moved to the USA in 1990 where he became Professor of Physics at Stanford University.
He also wrote an influential introductory textbook on genetics and a more advanced one with Kimura.
Dame Jane Morris Goodall DBE, formerly Baroness Jane van Lawick-Goodall, is a British primatologist, ethologist, anthropologist, and UN Messenger of Peace.
He helped to found the Whitaker College, Harvard-MIT Joint Center for Urban Studies, as well as the Program in Science, Technology, and Society.
He is a professor at the Center for the Study of Rationality in the Hebrew University of Jerusalem in Israel.
Henry Givens Baker Jr. is an American computer scientist who has made contributions in garbage collection, functional programming languages, and linear logic.
Beltrami's use of differential calculus for problems of mathematical physics indirectly influenced development of tensor calculus by Gregorio Ricci-Curbastro and Tullio Levi-Civita.
In 1955 he and biophysicist Robley Williams showed that a functional virus could be created out of purified RNA and a protein coat.
William Charles Dement is a pioneering US sleep researcher and founder of the Sleep Research Center at Stanford University.
He had the courtesy name of Zhèngzhī.
It was at BGU that Loeb invented pressure retarded osmosis  and a method of producing power by a reverse electrodialysis heat engine.
He is best known for having created some of the first reliable mass-produced mechanical ventilators for acute and chronic cardiopulmonary care.
His laboratory has also developed novel computational methods to improve efficiency and applicability of theoretical investigations to molecular recognition phenomena.
Field grew up at Baggrave Hall, Hungarton, Leicestershire, England and he was educated at Sunningdale, Eton, and Oxford.
It was here that he turned his attention to liquid crystals, a subject which at that time was just coming out of a long hibernation.
His books included Eagles, Hawks and Falcons of the World with Leslie H. Brown, and Curassows and Related Birds with Jean Delacour.
George Malcolm Trout was a professor in food science at Michigan State University for almost 50 years.
After studies in St. Petersburg, he spent the bulk of his life and professional career in Germany and Austria.
Ümran Savaş İnan is a scientist at Koc University and Stanford University in the field of geophysics and very low frequency radioscience.
This mass anomaly is centered within a larger ring-like structure visible in radar images of the land surface beneath the Antarctic ice cap.
He published over 600 scientific books and articles and discovered around 350 new species.
Present CCVD process has been expecting to grow the wide range of carbon nanotubes by controlling the growth site as well as their nanostructure.
He was a student of Lev Pontryagin.
He is renowned as the inventor of military effective napalm whilst he worked at Harvard in 1943.
She has served as President of the American Society for Developmental Biology and the American Society for Cell Biology.
Samuel Hollander, OC FRSC is a British/Canadian/Israeli economist.
He is working in operator theory, complex analysis and harmonic analysis.
Françoise Barré-Sinoussi is a French virologist and director of the Regulation of Retroviral Infections Division at the Institut Pasteur in Paris, France.
Weishampel received his Ph.D. in Geology from the University of Pennsylvania in 1981.
In 2000, RPI named him Entrepreneur of the Year.
Hughes has been listed as an ISI Highly Cited Author in Engineering by the ISI Web of Knowledge, Thomson Scientific Company.
Of humble parentage, he was educated at the college of the Oratorians of Troyes and Paris.
His final estimate, in 1873, was 24h 37m 22.713s, very close to the modern value of 24h 37m 22.663s.
In 1873 he became professor of geology in the polytechnic school at Zürich, and in 1875 professor of geology in the university.
He received a Master's degree in 1965 and completed his Ph.D. in solid-state physics in 1968, both at Tohoku University in Sendai.
Coenraad Bron was a Dutch computer scientist.
He was the director of the Pasteur Institute, established in 1887, till his death, and his body was interred in a vault beneath the institute.
However, for decades, until electron microscopy and other technologies became sufficiently advanced, it was not known whether Rickettsiales were bacteria, viruses, or something in between.
He also used European celestial and terrestrial globes that were delivered to Istanbul in gift-exchange.
He will be remembered by older generations of ABC radio listeners as "Jock the Backyard Naturalist", a regular on the Argonauts Club until 1946.
Hersh has written a number of technical articles on partial differential equations, probability, random evolutions, and linear operator equations.
Both of these books remain in print.
He has been the Executive Officer of the Computer Science Department twice, and he has been a professor at Caltech since 1989.
R. Wegscheider introduced the principle of detailed balance for chemical kinetics.
For much of his career he practiced medicine in Padua, and is considered one of the great physicians associated with the city.
He has published studies on the fast Fourier transform, high-precision arithmetic, and the PSLQ algorithm.
Antoine-Joseph Yvon Villarceau was a French astronomer, mathematician, and engineer.
Lodge chaired the RRC Executive Committee for 23 years until his retirement in 1991.
She replaced David Kliger who retired on July 1.
Others were stimulated by above,and in 1992 the French Dream Society 'Oniros' held in Paris a commemoration on Saint-Denys.
He is a member of a research group in non-standard computation, and has a particular interest in quantum information and quantum computation.
Wilhelm Heinrich Walter Baade was a German astronomer who worked in the United States from 1931 to 1959.
Ziegler is known for his research in discrete mathematics and geometry, and particularly on the combinatorics of polytopes.
She was inducted into the National Inventors Hall of Fame in 1994.
The Reverend Nathaniel Bliss was an English astronomer of the 18th century, serving as Britain's fourth Astronomer Royal between 1762 and 1764.
Prior to Rutgers University, she was a research associate at the American Museum of Natural History in New York City.
His findings include the discovery of Homo antecessor and well-preserved remains of Homo heidelbergensis.
He was a professor of mathematics at Jesuit College of Brera in Milan and his most famous student was Saccheri.
Much of his work is devoted to analysis of law and religion.
Lewis Thomas was an American physician, poet, etymologist, essayist, administrator, educator, policy advisor, and researcher.
In 1935 he described Plasmodium gallinaceum, an avian malarial parasite that infects chickens and other fowl.
He received the Clay Research Award in 2013.
Ruth Moufang thus initiated a new branch of geometry called Moufang planes.
Ronald Ernest Aitchison, was born in Hurstville, NSW, Australia on 29 December 1921.
Within a year he got a position at the Mount Wilson Observatory, where he remained active until his death in 1946.
He played an important role in the development as a French colony.
Dame Kay Elizabeth Davies, DBE, FRS, FMedSci is a British geneticist.
Bessey was born in Ames, Iowa, where his father was professor of botany at Iowa Agricultural College.
Philip J. Davis is an American academic applied mathematician.
Through his criticism of Newton's theories of space and time, he foreshadowed Einstein's theory of relativity.
He made major discoveries in a number of fields of mathematics, including algebraic topology and differential topology.
In 1886, he became the first president of the Association of American Physicians.
He was not able to influence the peace talks at the end of World War I, and was in later years a marginalized voice of protest.
All his life, he would follow the theory of Cuvier and stay opposed to Lamarckism.
He was elected a member of the Hungarian Academy of Sciences in 1897.
He is also understood by many to be the father of analytic philosophy, where he concentrated on the philosophy of language and mathematics.
Carl Theodore Liebermann was a German chemist and student of Adolf von Baeyer.
Jürgen Neukirch was a German mathematician known for his work on algebraic number theory.
Seaton served as Senior Fellow to the Science and Engineering Research Council EPSRC, 1984-88.
It took twelve years, and he was finished in 1988.
"Sensitivae censitae: description of the genus Mimosa Linnaeus in the New World".
Kronecker was a student and lifelong friend of Ernst Kummer.
He received a PhD in Neural Science from New York University and continued as a postdoctoral fellow at Northwestern University.
In 2011, he received the Othmer Gold Medal for outstanding contributions to progress in science and chemistry.
At Manchester, he continued to study under Rutherford until he was awarded his MSc in 1913.
Clifford algebras in general and geometric algebra in particular have been of ever increasing importance to mathematical physics, geometry, and computing.
In a series of experiments, they showed that these mutations caused changes in specific enzymes involved in metabolic pathways.
Krafft Arnold Ehricke was a German rocket-propulsion engineer and advocate for space colonization.
