The mall currently houses anchor stores like, Sears, Macy's, and JC Penney.
The mall serves people throughout Kenner and surrounding areas.
The Ashton Arcades, also known locally as just Arcades, is a medium-sized shopping centre located in Ashton-under-Lyne, Greater Manchester, England.
Facilities at the centre include public toilets with baby changing, photobooths and ATMs.
Jefferson Mall didn't have a food court though it had a Burger King and a sit-down restaurant called Anabelles.
The Shops at Don Mills is a lifestyle centre - type shopping centre in Toronto, Ontario, Canada, located at Don Mills Road and Lawrence Avenue East.
Many factors led to its decline during the late 2000s, plummeting to a mere 12 retailers by the year 2012 and thus considered a dead mall.
located in Glenorchy approximately 10 kilometres northwest of Hobart.
The mall is anchored by Dillard's, Dick's Sporting Goods, J. C. Penney and Macy's.
Columbia Mall is an enclosed regional shopping mall in Grand Forks, North Dakota and is located at the intersection of 32nd Avenue South and Columbia Road.
It is located in the Golden Village district on Hazelbridge Way, bordered by Cambie Road to the north.
Lakeside Joondalup Shopping City is a major shopping centre, located in Joondalup, a satellite city in the north of Perth.
Major tenants include La Baie, Best Buy, Sears, Toys "R" Us and Wal Mart.
It is located in the northeast corner of the city, near the border with Coquitlam.
The mall was developed by Richard E. Jacobs Group of Cleveland, Ohio and included 936,000 square feet of space.
Its anchor stores include Bloomingdale's, Macy's, a Gelson's supermarket, and a 15-screen AMC multiplex.
The two-level complex is currently owned by Simon Property Group, who acquired it in 1997.
The Pasing Arcaden is a shopping mall located in Munich's district of Pasing.
Woodland Mall is an enclosed super-regional shopping mall located in Kentwood, Michigan, a suburb of Grand Rapids.
There are several casual dining facilities in the Shoppes at EastChase, including Blackfinn Ameripub, Bonefish Grill and Zoës Kitchen.
The mall serves a diverse clientele including blacks and Hispanics, and provides, for example, both black and white Santas in the period running up to Christmas.
It is approximately 30 kilometres south-east of the Melbourne CBD.
Al Enma Mall is a multi-storey shopping mall situated in the East Riffa city of the Kingdom of Bahrain.
The centre is anchored by House of Fraser.
The Center was built in 1995, and is owned by the Taiwan YuDong group.
The mall is managed by Bayer Properties, LLC of Birmingham.
It houses one of only four Selfridges department stores, the fourth largest Debenhams and Forever 21.
The mall was opened on March 2013.
The center is managed and owned by Brixmor.
The current shopping center includes Burlington Coat Factory, Michael's, Old Navy, Rubi's, Ross Dress for Less, Staples, Olive Garden, Chili's, and TJ Maxx.
Today, The mall is owned by Simon Property Group of Indianapolis, Indiana.
It is the second SM Supermall in the Cavite, Philippines.
The mall houses one of the world's largest retail chains - Metro Cash and Carry.
There has been a proposal to link up Mid Valley Megamall and Masjid Jamek via a 5.5 km bicycle lane.
In 1987, Joske's was converted to Dillard's, as a byproduct of Campeau Corporation's takeover of parent company Allied Stores who sold Joske's to the latter.
CityMall Arnaldo-Roxas is a shopping mall located at Arnaldo Blvd, Roxas, Capiz.
White Flint Mall was a shopping mall located along Rockville Pike in Montgomery County, Maryland that closed in early 2015 and demolished thereafter.
A. Stevens and Herman's World of Sporting Goods.
It has 638,554 square feet of shopping with over fifty retail stores and a food court.
Since the mall closed in 1978, numerous plans had been proposed to demolish or redevelop the property, though most never came to fruition.
Village of Martinsville, formerly Liberty Fair Mall, is a shopping mall in Martinsville, Virginia.
The mall houses 80 stores, one Migros hypermarket and a food court with fast-food restaurants in an area of 56,000 m2 on three floors.
The mall is located northwest of the intersection of U.S.
It features Festival Foods, Kohl's, and Shopko.
Chang's, The Cheesecake Factory, Red Robin, and Ruth's Chris Steak House.
Built in 1992, it was expanded and renovated in 2008.
It is on Sukhumvit Road at Sukhumvit Soi 24 beside Queen's Park.
The anchor stores are Belk, J.C. Penney, and Kmart until Kmart closed on 2016.
Legends currently contains 45 retailers and restaurants and it is anchored by Scheels All Sports.
The fully air-conditioned shopping mall with rooftop gardens is considered a modern symbol of the emerging city of Dhaka.
However, much of the original plaza retained its strip mall format.
Kingsdale Shopping Center also known as Kingsdale, Kingsdale Center, and Kingsdale Mall is a large, mixed-use shopping center in Upper Arlington, Ohio, a suburb of Columbus.
Construction began in 2002, by Jamuna Builders Ltd., a subsidiary of the Jamuna Group and the exterior was completed in 2008.
Robinsons Place Dumaguete is a shopping mall located in Dumaguete City, Negros Oriental.
CentrO is a shopping mall in Oberhausen, North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.
It is the 34th largest in the United States.
Riverchase Galleria, locally known as The Galleria, is a large upscale, super–regional shopping mall close to Birmingham in Hoover, Alabama.
It is currently anchored by Mindchamps Preschool, Celebrity Fitness, and Giant.
Since the Docklands Light Railway extension reached Lewisham the centre experienced an increase in customers.
The mall is anchored by Lord & Taylor, Macy's, JCPenney, Best Buy, Pottery Barn, Dick's Sporting Goods, Forever 21, and the Apple Store.
It then passed to M&G Real Estate for £110m.
NorthPark is the first shopping center featured on Vogue Magazine.
Roxas Avenue in Clark Freeport, Angeles City in Pampanga, Philippines.
Since 1999, it has served as a shopping mall.
Chase operates a banking location on the mall's outparcels.
Totem Lake Mall was a small shopping mall in Kirkland, Washington, United States.
Mall of Mysore is a shopping mall which is one of the largest and the first of its kind in the Indian city of Mysore, Karnataka.
It is operated by General Growth Properties and features over 100 tenant stores, including restaurants.
This portion of the complex has a total area of 26,000 m2 and offers 14,000 m2 of space for 90 shops and boutiques.
As factory outlets the stores primarily offer goods from previous seasons at discounted rates of at least 30%.
Frandor Shopping Center, in Lansing, Michigan, is located at the very eastern edge of the city bordering the neighboring city of East Lansing and freeway US-127.
Taubman Centers from its opening in 1997 until 2003
It is owned and operated by The Mall Group and another mall, Siam Paragon.
From the center's opening until 2012, Jefferson Pointe had a small food court.
It is jointly owned by RioCan and Kimco, and operated by RioCan.
It was officially opened by the then-Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher, in February of the following year.
In 2006, the mall underwent renovation; it transformed part of the second level, formerly occupied by NTUC FairPrice, into a food cluster.
Houndshill is the only enclosed shopping centre in the town, and is situated at the heart of the prime retail area.
The mall is anchored by Best Buy and contains over 200 stores, restaurants and services, including a six-story office tower at the mall’s southeast corner.
The mall has a gross floor area of 80,043 m2 situated on 22,882 m2 of land.
An enclosing renovation was completed in September 1982.
It lies 3 miles north-east of Sheffield city centre and 2 miles from Rotherham town centre.
It opened in September 2008, after a ten-year planning and building project costing £500 million.
Sun Plaza is a shopping mall located in Medan Polonia, Medan.
The mall is located in the downtown district.
Klang Plaza is a local department store in Nakhon Ratchasima, Thailand.
The mall is home to stores such as Gap, Gap Kids, and Levi's.
Yitian Holiday Plaza is a shopping mall in Nanshan, Shenzhen, China.
White Oaks Mall has a children's play area.
Brunswick is an inner suburb of Melbourne, Victoria, Australia, 4 kilometres north of Melbourne's central business district.
The mall is the largest ÆON shopping centre in Malaysia and Southeast Asia.
In January 2013, Frew Development Group, LLC leased the mall and its property from A. Shapiro, LLC.
The platform is located on level 3 of the complex, which also houses the Ten Mile Junction Depot adjacent to the station.
The Mall of Lahore is a large, state-of-the-art multi-purpose shopping mall complex in Lahore, Punjab, Pakistan consisting of a wide range of designer brand outlets.
CF Fairview Park is a large shopping mall of 120 stores in Kitchener, Ontario, Canada.
Within a few years of the S. Klein closing in 1975, the mall underwent major renovations.
Southtown Center consists of 534,650 square feet of retail space.
Its anchor stores are JCPenney, AMC Theatres, Macy's, Target, Crunch Fitness and Nordstrom Rack
In this regard, the Underground City is more of an indoor city than a truly subterranean city, although there are vast commercial sectors located entirely underground.
On 11 September 2015, management unveiled the centre's new branding and identity going forward.
Currently, the mall's only anchor is Sears.
One of the largest malls in Northern Virginia, it was owned and operated by Vornado Realty Trust.
The mall opened in 1990 and is located next to Interstate 5, which largely divides the cities of Eugene and Springfield.
However, the plan fell through, and the Dodgers moved to Los Angeles in 1958.
On 14 March 2014, its Target location opened, but closed in 2015.
It is owned jointly by Chester Properties and Columbus Capital, who purchased the site from previous owners CALA Properties  on May 2010.
Everett Turnpike in Merrimack, and is not far from U.S. Route 3, the major north/south surface road in town.
The lifestyle center is known throughout the area as a prominent shopping destination.
In March 2005 Macy's assumed operation of the former Shillito's, then closed in April 2017 as part of a company-wide downsizing.
The mall is partially owned by Simon Property Group and is anchored by Herberger's, JCPenney, and Macy's.
The shopping centre contains over 70 shops and 7 leisure facilities, many high street names in fashion, homeware and food stores.
The mall added a third anchor store when J.C. Penney opened its Vista Ridge Mall store on August 1, 1990.
Eden, known more popularly as the Eden Centre, is a shopping and entertainment complex in High Wycombe, Buckinghamshire in the south east of England.
From its opening in 1990 until 2006, the center was an enclosed mall, with 762,000 square feet of gross leasable area.
The mall has a total floor area of 1,187,097 square feet, with a gross leasable area of 979,415 square feet.
The shopping complex has over 5,000 car park bays.
It is located at the entrance of Riverina Residential and Commercial Estates in Maharlika Highway, Brgy.
These include Ermenegildo Zegna, David Yurman, Diesel, Bulgari, Fendi, Louis Vuitton, Cartier, Salvatore Ferragamo, Burberry, J.
The project would remove 369 current parking spaces, but also build a parking deck to add 450 spaces, a net gain of 81 parking spaces.
A Residence Inn by Marriott is currently under construction and will be the mall's first on-site hotel.
Today, Columbia Mall houses three department stores, a 430-seat food court, and more than 70 specialty merchants.
360 Mall is a luxury shopping mall in Al Zahra area, Kuwait.
Fashion shows are held annually in the QueensPlaza as part of the Mercedes-Benz Fashion Festival Brisbane.
In 1981 an enclosed "mall" section was opened, with a two-screen movie theatre, and a new Kmart anchoring the far end.
The anchors include Macy's, J.C. Penney and Sears.
Other major chain tenants that formerly operated at the mall included Dress Barn and B. Dalton.
Opened in 1976, It features Sears, Macy's, JCPenney, and Dillard's as its anchors.
Northwest Arkansas Mall is the primary fully enclosed retail hub in the Fayetteville–Springdale–Rogers, AR-MO Metropolitan Area, located in northwestern Arkansas.
Since then, all the anchor stores and the interior of the mall have changed as a result of business closings and consolidations.
Other stores that opened over the past couple years include ULTA, Party City, and Five Below.
It is a known shopping, entertainment and leisure complex with 2 levels.
It is owned and managed by Washington Prime Group.
Developed by Australia-based real estate franchise L. J. Hooker, the mall opened as Forest Fair Mall in phases between 1988 and 1989.
The mall closed in 2006 except for the Bon-Ton department store.
Built on an 87-acre site by Atkinson & Company at a cost of $25 million, the Greenwood Shopping Center opened in 1966.
It is operated by Primaris Management Inc..
In 1985, after Dillard's acquired Macy's midwest stores, it sold the Independence Center location to Mercantile Stores, then the parent company of The Jones Store Co.
It is the largest mall in southeastern Ontario with over 141 stores.
It was developed between 1985 and 1990, with several expansion and renovation projects taking place since.
Middenwaard is a shopping centre located in Heerhugowaard, Netherlands owned by real estate investment company Wereldhave.
The building was built on Central Cricket Ground, which had originally opened in 1864 and had since remained the main cricket venue in the town.
The name of the mall changed on June 24, 2005 after a mild renovation and it serves as the regional mall for the Yuba-Sutter area.
Sales per square foot for the malls were heading for over $260 for 1997 with an occupancy at about 89%.
Pacific Mall also hosts festivals and celebrations for the community.
The mall at that time housed a large JCPenney store as well as local chain Sattler's.
The mall features a fountain, carousel, and scenic elevator.
The Outlets at Bergen Town Center is a shopping center located in Bergen County, New Jersey, USA.
The only outlier property on mall premises is a branch of Regions Bank.
The archipelago is just under 400 kilometres north of Tenerife, Canary Islands.
Al Aali Shopping Complex is established as a high-end shopping destination with plush environs, a sophisticated atmosphere and an abundance of premium labels.
River Ridge Mall is an enclosed shopping mall in Lynchburg, Virginia.
Lime Ridge is a two-level indoor shopping mall in Hamilton, Ontario, Canada, on Upper Wentworth Street.
Robinsons Metro East is situated along Marikina–Infanta Highway, located at the boundaries between the barangays of Dela Paz in Pasig and San Roque in Marikina, Philippines.
It is managed by CBL & Associates Properties.
It is located at 4500 Kingsway at the intersection with Willingdon Avenue in Metrotown, directly adjoined to the Hilton Metrotown Vancouver Hotel.
Stones River Mall is an enclosed regional shopping mall in Murfreesboro, Tennessee, USA.
Oviedo Mall is a single-story indoor shopping mall, with movie theater, located in Oviedo, Florida, a northeastern suburb of Orlando, Florida.
Shute Park Plaza is a shopping center located in Hillsboro, in the U.S. state of Oregon.
An extension opened in 1994, with a frontage on to Church Gate.
By the number of stores, Lougheed Town Centre is the second largest mall in Burnaby with 160 stores and services.
Over 40% of the stores in the mall have their sole location in the state of Indiana there.
Tokyo Disneyland was the first Disney theme park opened outside the United States.
Unit 10 - Cinema – The Light – 8 Screen Digital Cinema
Streets north of the M2 Hills Motorway are within The Hills Shire.
It will be demolished later in 2017 to make way for a new movie theater, bowling alley, and health club.
The Montgomery Ward space was later taken over by Kohl's, the Prange Way space by Sears, and Prange's became Younkers.
The mall also contains a food court that was opened in 1989.
East Hills Mall is an enclosed shopping mall in St. Joseph, Missouri, US.
The Whitehall Mall is an enclosed shopping mall located in Whitehall Township, Lehigh County, Pennsylvania in the United States.
It has a shopping area of more than 196,095 square feet.
ft. regional mall and was built in 1989 in Chesapeake, Virginia, in the Hampton Roads metropolitan area.
Plans are for 1,000,000 sq ft of space with potentially 150 stores and restaurants set over 110 acres.
The mall opened in October 1997 after the previous building, the old Orchard Cinema, was torn down in 1994.
Bennett, Vince, Agent Provocateur, Hublot, Tory Burch, and Bottega Veneta.
Haywood's anchor stores include Belk, Dillard's, J. C. Penney, Macy's and Sears.
There is also an AMC movie franchise, P.F.
The five entrances to the mall were completely renovated, and a grand entrance was built on the north side of the mall along Route 50.
The Gotemba Premium Outlets is an outlet mall located in Gotemba, Shizuoka, Japan, near Mount Fuji.
Park Center Sofia, formerly City Center Sofia, is a shopping mall located in Sofia, Bulgaria, opened in the spring of 2006.
A major focal point is the large Tesco, a hypermarket.
Most recently West Acres has closed Sears, Abercrombie and Fitch, White House Black Market and Gymboree.
Golden Triangle Mall is an enclosed, single-level, shopping mall located at the intersection of Loop 288 and I-35E in Denton, Texas.
The complex contains around forty inline tenants on its 35 acres.
It was once anchored by a five story May Company department store, where the Target now stands.
McAlpin's, now Dillard's, was added in 1992, and Kohl's in 1995.
On July 28, 2016, The Sports Authority closed its doors due to bankruptcy.
Eagle Ridge Mall in June 1998 had large sinkhole appear in the children's play area, in the central pedestrian traffic corridor of the mall.
Anchor stores include Gordmans, Hobby Lobby, Target and Von Maur.
Barnes & Noble is also featured as a junior anchor as well as Old Navy.
In 1990 the second refurbishment was completed bridging the road and adding an ice skating rink.
The mall is close to Downtown Orlando.
As of 2009, the centre has been owned by Vicinity Centres.
Castle Towers Shopping Centre is a shopping centre in Castle Hill, New South Wales, Australia.
Carillon City is a major Australian shopping centre, located in Perth, Western Australia.
Project was unveiled on April 2009 by actress Shobana.
It is located underneath the University of Minnesota Rochester.
Old Orchard is referenced by name in Mean Girls, which takes place in the North Shore neighborhoods north of the city of Chicago.
The shopping centre has three floors, with the shops and other commercial services on the ground and first floors.
Owned and managed by RPAI Southwest Management, LLC., Town Square is regionally known for its high-end boutiques and fine dining.
Dixie Plaza's manager, developer, and owner is RioCan.
The mall opened in 1968 as Honey Creek Square.
Planet Fitness opened in the former Dixie Pottery location in March 2017.
The mall hosts over 100 stores and restaurants, including anchor stores Macy's, Old Navy and Sears, and is managed by Macerich.
Anchored by Hudson's Bay, Sears, Safeway, Galaxy Cinemas and Shoppers Drug Mart, Medicine Hat Mall has over 100 retail shops, services and opportunities.
The mall is operated by WP Glimcher and features four primary tenant spaces.
The mall itself is spread out between four buildings, interconnected by skywalks or underground mall sections.
Seaview Square Mall was a shopping mall located in Ocean Township, in Monmouth County, New Jersey, United States.
Stockland Corporation Limited is a diversified Australian property development company.
Bankstown Central Shopping Centre is a shopping centre situated in Bankstown, Sydney, Australia.
In 1970, Warwick Mall was opened just North of the Midland Mall, across Interstate 295.
The Westfield Helensvale shopping centre has predominately mall enclosed shopping and only a few shops open to outside traffic.
The tenants affected by the October 19, 2007 explosion was given an option to relocate there.
Park Meadows is an enclosed shopping mall in Lone Tree, Colorado.
It was the site of Borders' flagship Singapore store until its closure in 2011.
However, a combination of factors would soon strip it of this status.
It is operated by the Macerich, a group which owns and develops malls around the United States.
Its anchor stores are Macy's and Sears, which were relocated to the mall from nearby locations on Main Street to replace the original anchor stores.
Miramar Shopping Centre is a shopping centre in Tsim Sha Tsui, Kowloon, Hong Kong.
A ten-screen Great Escape Theatres location opened at the mall on July 13, 2006.
For about two decades the mall was home to a Zellers discount department store.
It encompasses 1,400,000 square feet of GLA and is the largest enclosed shopping center in Loudoun County.
Gunwharf Quays is an outlet retail destination with 90 outlet stores and 30 restaurants, pubs and cafés located in Portsmouth, UK.
With its 200 stores, Fleur de Lys centre commercial is located in an urban area near various development projects.
Tejeros Convention, in the town of Rosario.
There are many plants throughout the mall.
In 2003, The Westfield Group acquired the shopping center, and renamed it "Westfield Shoppingtown North Bridge," dropping the "Shoppingtown" name in June 2005.
It boasted several national retailers previously unknown to Brisbane shoppers and the first CBD food courts covering a variety of cuisines.
Woolworth 5 and 10, Boston Store, and Mall Twin Cinema.
Mount Gambier is the second most populated city in South Australia with an estimated urban population of 28,929.
General Growth Properties, who managed the mall at the time, added a third level and a glass roof as it enclosed the structure.
A second expansion of the mall occurred in 2000.
Maple Hill Pavilion is managed by Devonshire REIT.
When it opened, however, it featured Mervyns, and Sears, but also had Belk Lindsey, with Maison Blanche opening a few months later.
It does not include street shopping strips such as Chapel Street, Melbourne or Oxford Street, Sydney which were prevalent in Australian cities until the 1960s.
The redevelopment will add 5,000 square feet to the existing 210,000 square feet of space and replace all mechanical systems.
In January 2015, Lynnmall commenced a $36 million expansion, named Brickworks, which included a new cinema, dining precinct and additional stores.
The mall features over 90 stores and a food court.
Westfield Wheaton is a two-level enclosed shopping mall in Wheaton, Maryland.
It is the largest enclosed shopping centre in Oxford.
It covers more than 78,000 square meters.
SouthBay Pavilion, formerly Carson Mall, is a partially enclosed shopping mall in Carson, California.
The SilverCity Cinemas, are also located at the shopping centre, featuring a small arcade and an IMAX theatre.
The Kmart store closed in 2012 and became a Hobby Lobby.
The mall is located at the intersection of PA Route 248 and Park Avenue in Palmer Township, Northampton County.
W Mall or Wexco Mall is a shopping mall in Kottayam, India.
As of the end of 2016, the remaining buildings were surrounded by gates.
The malls current anchor is AMC Theatres, the only anchor remaining in operation.
It has 93 stores and 12 floors.
Orchard Square also features La Coupe hair salon, Blue Banana, Evolution, Anne Heppell, Michael Spencer Jewellers, War Games Emporium and Starbucks.
On February 21, 2013, the mall changed its name back to Acadiana Mall.
The mall featured a unique three-level, 60-foot-tall central atrium, with a series of ramps and stair risers traversing the expanse of open space.
Geologically, it is situated in the far southern reaches of the Sydney Basin.
The L. S. Ayres store was renamed Macy's on September 9, 2006.
Eckerd Drug also had a pharmacy at Midtown until 2005.
The mall was originally called the "Tiffany Mall" but the name was changed following complaints from other holders of the rights to the Tiffany name.
Cohoes Fashions was also an early tenant.
Opened in 1988, the center is located along Jamboree Road, just northeast of Interstate 5.
It opened in 1976 with Gottschalks and Sears as anchors.
It was built and is owned by MTR Corporation in conjunction with the opening of Tsing Yi Station.
Lakeside is a 967,000 sq ft mall with three major retail anchors.
The shopping centre is built over the Cairns Railway Station, which is incorporated with the centre.
Robinsons Place Roxas is a shopping mall located at Immaculate Heart of Mary Avenue, Brgy.
Currently, Enfant has 19 boutiques it operates.
Some merchants feared the Grove-style "lifestyle center" would diminish business at the stores along Brand Boulevard and in the Glendale Galleria.
Colony Square Mall is an enclosed shopping mall in Zanesville, Ohio.
This development meant the closure of 34 retailers during construction but brought major international retailers such as H&M and Mecca to the centre.
Trademark Property Company currently manages the Shops of Saddle Creek.
The mall caters to middle and upper-middle class customers with over 90 retailers.
Another extension, known as Piazza, was opened in 2001.
In January 2017, Forbes recognized Abu Dhabi Mall as one of the top shopping malls in Abu Dhabi.
The mall billed itself as the first enclosed mall in the United States.
Lakeshore Mall is an enclosed shopping mall in Gainesville, Georgia.
In the 2011 census, Morayfield had a population of 19,346 people.
The 2010s saw the mall change ownership and management several times.
Like other Mills Centers, Arizona Mills has abstract graphics from the entrances and inside the whole mall.
Arrowhead Mall is an enclosed shopping mall in Muskogee, Oklahoma.
The Mall at Tuttle Crossing is a shopping center located in Columbus, Ohio, United States near the suburb of Dublin.
It is the 37th of Robinsons Land Corporation and the first full service mall in Cagayan Valley.
The largest retailers in the mall are Wal-Mart, the Bon-Ton, Sears, and JCPenney.
It was opened in 1978 and was developed by the Youngstown, Ohio-based Cafaro Company, who still own and operate it.
A 1979 expansion added J.C. Penney as a fourth anchor.
The mall opened in 1974 and closed in 2015 with the exception of the Boscov's and Sears stores which remain open.
As a result, the J. W. Robinson's store was sold to J.C. Penney, and the May Company California location was renamed and expanded.
Bal Harbour Shops is owned by the Whitman family and is one of the few remaining family-owned malls in the nation.
The 637-room Loews Hollywood Hotel is also part of the site.
It has 1,215,000 square feet of gross leasable area and features more than 150 specialty stores, many of which are flagship stores, and restaurants.
This practical case of service design thinking is used in literature as an example of extending products into services.
The shopping center is adjacent to the Naglee Park and Ride Lot a transit hub for local Tracer and regional SMART bus services.
Changes in demographics and consolidations of anchor stores over time caused the mall to decline.
It employs some 5.25 million people, representing 18% of the Philippines' workforce.
The mall was known as Westfield Capital from 1998-2013 under Westfield Group ownership.
Santa Monica Place is a shopping mall in Santa Monica, California.
The mall is also anchored by Whole Foods Market.
St Stephen's is a shopping centre in Kingston upon Hull that opened on 20 September 2007 and attracts more than 10 million visitors a year.
The Galeries Lafayette is an upmarket French department store chain.
A second phase completed the center with a total of 811,000 square feet at US$140 million.
Elsewhere in Europe only Istanbul's Cevahir Mall and Vienna's Shopping City Süd are bigger.
Asheville Mall is located off Interstate 240 in eastern Asheville.
The Collection at RiverPark is an outdoor lifestyle center located east of the 101 Freeway in Oxnard, California.
The mall is directly connected to Jurong East MRT station and close to Jurong East Bus Interchange.
It is currently the only bit of urbanization connecting the Mission Viejo/San Juan Capistrano/San Clemente area to the rest of the Irvine/Los Angeles/San Bernardino conurbation.
Forum Kochi Mall is debut venture of Prestige Group into Kerala.
Like other "dead malls", it had been characterized by high vacancy rates and low patronage, which led to its closure.
SM City Davao, the first SM Mall in the Mindanao region, opened to the public on November 17, 2001.
By 2009, the mall was well under 50% occupation.
SM Megacenter Cabanatuan is a shopping mall owned by the largest mall developer in the Philippines, SM Prime Holdings.
Shaw Centrepoint is a shopping complex located in Klang, Selangor, Malaysia.
On the mid level the center has an entrance to the Barney's store.
The present St Enoch subway station is accessible by escalators.
Following the collapse of the Dubai real-estate market, the mall's opening has been delayed.
The Village at Corte Madera is an upscale lifestyle center located in Corte Madera, California.
The unique Art Deco building is a Phnom Penh landmark.
The Iguatemi São Paulo shopping centre is the oldest Brazilian mall in operation.
Opened in 1999, the mall was developed by General Growth Properties of Chicago, Illinois.
Beyond the highway to the south is The Bahrain Mall.
The Shops at Mary Brickell Village is a lifestyle center located in the Brickell neighborhood of Miami, Florida.
The structure was designed by RTKL Associats on 11,000 square meters.
Previously, the center was an enclosed mall called Pompano Square.
The main investors are Bulfeld, Sofia and construction company Comfort, Varna.
The Strand centre is also widely known for the 1993 abduction of toddler James Bulger, who was later found murdered on a nearby railway line.
As of 2011, it is the second largest shopping mall in Connecticut as well as the fifth largest in New England.
The mall was originally anchored by two stores: Denholm's and Sears.
The two malls do not directly compete as Westfield has more competitively priced stores.
Fair Oaks Mall is a shopping mall in Fair Oaks, Fairfax County, Virginia, just northwest of the city of Fairfax.
Opened in 1988, College Square is the only shopping mall in an eight-county area of East Tennessee.
It is located near the A41 Brent Cross Flyover over the A406 North Circular Road.
The majority of the shops are UK chain stores.
In 1964, David Evans opened – this was the largest department store in Cwmbran at the time.
Music City Mall is a regional shopping mall located in Odessa, Texas.
It was built by Carillion and opened in June 2005.
The mall opened in 2009 and was the first shopping mall of Central Pattana, Thailand's largest retail corporation under the "CentralFestival" brand.
In an eight storey high central glassed dome, the theater comes complete with its own resident performance troupe and animated water features.
The name Amu comes from the English "amuse".
It is located at 430 Topsail Road, near Columbus Drive.
Conestoga Mall has over 130 stores and services.
The mall features Dillard's Hometown Flagship store in 2 separate locations, A 25,000 Sq Ft.
3 Road but it stretches as far west as Minoru Boulevard, and as far north as Westminster Highway.
On the lower level, in addition to many smaller shops, larger stores like Saturn, Fielmann, Edeka and C&A are also present.
The Shoppes at College Hills is a lifestyle center retail complex located in the city of Normal, Illinois, USA.
There is also an underground link walkway to the rail and bus stations, and the new multimillion-pound Union Square development which opened in October 2009.
MegaBox's UA theatre is the first commercial theatre in Hong Kong to have the IMAX film display system.
Kabul City Center is Afghanistan's first modern-style indoor shopping mall that opened in 2005.
Consequently, the centre has been a huge success, attracting customers from all over the world.
The mall was anchored by a Marshall Field's, Sears, and Goldblatt's department stores 
The mall is designed to look like a Mediterranean town during the European Renaissance in either Italy, France, or Spain.
Finally, the recreational facilities would be a much sought-after leisure destination for local and foreign tourists.
The Mall Maidstone is a covered shopping centre in Maidstone, the county town of Kent.
It is located off I-495 and Route 1A in Wrentham, Massachusetts.
Mayfair has one of the highest occupancy rates in the country, with average sales of $536 per square foot.
A Regal Cinemas multiplex is located across the street.
J. C. Penney, which already had a store in the mall, moved into Dillard's original location.
It was severely damaged during the Northridge earthquake in 1994, but renovated extensively in 1995, 1998, and 2003.
The mixed-use redevelopment by Stockland covers the former shopping centre site and part of the adjacent former brickworks site.
It is located between the Bayfront Park to the South end, and the American Airlines Arena to the North.
Grand Century Place is a multicomplex including a shopping mall named MOKO, two office towers and a modern hotel named Royal Plaza Hotel.
The chain folded in 2001 and once again left the mall with a vacant anchor space.
SM City Olongapo is a shopping mall owned and operated by SM Prime Holdings, the largest mall owner and operator in the Philippines.
It has a floor area ratio of about 4 to 5.
Opened in 1980, the mall features J. C. Penney, Belk, Roses, and Hobby Lobby, plus 70 other stores.
In September 2016, Kohl's will open a store at the mall in the section of the former Kmart.
Demolition began to take place in 2013, with plans to open a variety of shops, restaurants, and a six-story hotel.
It is currently the largest shopping centre in Western Australia.
The Trafford Centre opened in 1998 and is the second largest shopping centre in the United Kingdom by retail size.
Opened in 1988, it features JCPenney, Kohl's, Macy's, Dick's Sporting Goods, DSW, H&M, Forever 21, and Target.
It is home to more than 170 cutting-edge stores, 15 restaurants, and live entertainment venues.
Barra Shopping is a Brazilian shopping center located in the Barra da Tijuca neighborhood of Rio de Janeiro.
Centerpoint Mall is a shopping mall located in Toronto, Ontario, Canada on the southwest corner of Steeles Avenue and Yonge Street.
With a gross leasable area of 918,000 square feet, the mall is classified as a super-regional mall by the International Council of Shopping Centers.
The Westfield Group acquired the mall in 1997.
Centre Place is one of the city's three major malls along with Te Awa at The Base and Westfield Chartwell.
The Riem Arcaden is the third largest shopping mall in Munich after the Olympia-Einkaufszentrum and the Einkaufs-Center Neuperlach – pep.
The Centre has an annual turnover of A$566.7 million.
Although, the anchor tenant roster is relatively average: JCPenney, Sears, Macy's, and Regal Cinemas.
Stockland The Pines is a sub regional shopping centre located in the north-eastern suburb of Doncaster East in the city of Melbourne, Australia.
The flagship stores are Debenhams, which is the only store that spans three floors, situated at the west end, and Primark at the opposite end.
Festival Place is a shopping centre in Basingstoke, Hampshire, England which opened on Tuesday, 22 October 2002.
Originally fully owned by the Westfield Group, in November 2010 ABP Pension Fund and CPP Investment Board each purchased a 25% shareholding with Westfield retaining 50%.
A 2-level, 125,000 square foot, Little Rock-based Gus Blass was built onto the west end of the complex in 1964-1965.
Woodgrove Centre is a shopping centre on Vancouver Island in the harbour city of Nanaimo, British Columbia.
Masonville Place opened on January 2, 1985.
It opened in May 2001 and has over 200 shops.
The centre was opened in late 1997 and is the second multi-story shopping centre in northern Queensland.
Southland Mall is a one-level enclosed shopping mall located in Houma, Louisiana, at the intersection of Bayou Gardens Boulevard and West Park Avenue.
Apple opened a second store in Edmonton at Southgate Centre on May 28, 2010, and Edmonton's first Lego store opened in June 2013.
Opened in 1976 and enlarged in 1989, it was the largest department store in Communist Romania.
It is located in the heart of the heritage district of central Vancouver, on the northwest corner of 12th Avenue and Cambie Street.
Oberon Mall is a shopping mall located in the Indian city of Kochi.
The Fisher Mall is a mall in Quezon City that opened on January 29, 2014.
Southcentre Mall is one of the largest shopping malls in Calgary, Alberta, Canada, 97,743.9 m2, and contains approximately 190 stores and services over two floors.
Once the site was cleared, the initial redevelopment plan fell through, as did several subsequent plans, leaving the block vacant and undeveloped for nearly a generation.
Opened in 1974, the mall features Macy's, Dillard's, J. C. Penney, and Sears as its anchor stores.
Until 2002-2004, Canadian Tire and Walmart were also part of this mall.
Citycon Oyj's development began on 1 October 2008 when Rocca al Mare's first refreshed section was opened.
It contains three major tenants and the Castle Tavern as well as 66 specialty stores, plus two free standing fast food outlets.
It was closed on 10 December 2010 and reopened on 30 December 2011 as Junction 10.
The vacated theater pad houses Claim Jumper and Yard House.
Broadway at the Beach is a shopping center and entertainment complex located in Myrtle Beach, South Carolina.
This development also made way for the first IKEA store within a six-hour distance.
It opened to the public in October 2007.
It is managed by CBL & Associates Properties.
From its early years until the reopening of the largely-rebuilt Overgate Centre in 2000, the Wellgate Centre was Dundee's principal shopping mall.
With Bukit Batok at its doorstep, West Mall is conveniently accessible by public transport.
In 2001, an 84,000 sq ft. Galyan’s was added onto the south side of the mall, which was converted to a Dick's Sporting Goods in 2004.
The mall is located along Metro Manila’s 2 busiest thoroughfares: EDSA and Aurora Boulevard.
Jem's name is a wordplay reference of the mall as the crown jewel of Jurong and Singapore's west.
Southaven Towne Center is an open-air regional lifestyle center located in Southaven, Mississippi.
It was the second and by-far, the largest Robinsons Mall ever built by John Gokongwei.
The nine-storey main mall is right next to Sha Tin Station and Citylink Plaza.
It is anchored by Bealls, Dillard's, JCPenney and Sears.
Centro Comercial El Paseo Tehuacan is a shopping mall located in Tehuacán, Puebla.
Town East Mall is an enclosed shopping mall in Mesquite, Texas, a suburb of Dallas.
The mall was supposedly to open on December 2, 2013 but moved to February 13, 2014 after Typhoon Haiyan struck Roxas City.
It opened in 1978 and is anchored by Dillard's, Nordstrom, Zara, and Saks Fifth Avenue.
The New Strand Shopping Centre, known locally simply as The Strand, is the main shopping centre in Bootle, Merseyside, England.
It was co-owned by Simon Property Group and Taubman Centers and managed by Simon.
Along with retail, they host many fashion events.
PATH is a network of underground pedestrian tunnels, elevated walkways, and at-grade walkways connecting the office towers of Downtown Toronto, Ontario, Canada.
Its developer, General Growth Properties, has referred to Jordan Creek as a "retail resort" that combines elements of enclosed malls with outdoor and non-retail components.
The Fubonn Shopping Center is an enclosed shopping mall in the Powellhurst-Gilbert neighborhood of Portland, Oregon, in the United States.
Stonestown Galleria is a 862,000-square-foot shopping mall in San Francisco, California, anchored by Nordstrom and Macy's.
Its main rival is the Bluewater Shopping Centre in Greenhithe, Kent, just across the River Thames.
Anchor stores are JCPenney, Macy's, Sears, and three Dillard's locations.
Its official street address is 3600 South Dort Highway.
The mall is serviced by Lynx buses 23, 28, 29, and 104.
Major retailers include Robinsons, FairPrice Xtra, Cathay Cineplexes, Cookhouse by Koufu, H&M, Uniqlo, Marks and Spencer and Courts.
In 2013 the mall was found to be burning 6000 litres of diesel daily due to a lack of electricity connection to the grid.
SM City San Jose del Monte is located at Quirino Highway, Brgy.
These ruins were finally destroyed during the filming of the climactic scene of the 1978 Burt Reynolds film Hooper.
The mall opened on November 29, 2013 on the former site of a McDonald's franchise.
Shortly after the sale, the new managers announced that the complex would be renamed via an online vote.
The bus stops on Mount Pleasant Road are close to RVP.
Also, the mall was then valued at $66 million, far less than its original valuation of $107 million.
It comprises more than 75 retail and commercial outlets including a supermarket, 12 restaurants, five banks, and a satellite U.S. Post Office.
Dick's Sporting Goods and ULTA Beauty opened in October 2016 in the former J. C. Penney location.
Also in December 2008, Mall owners Wilmorite announced a new enhancement project.
The mall opened on October 13, 1965.
Kenwood Towne Centre is a shopping mall located at corner of Montgomery and Kenwood Roads, adjacent to Interstate 71, northeast of Cincinnati.
Independence Mall is the only enclosed shopping mall in Wilmington, North Carolina.
Sunvalley Shopping Center, or more popularly "Sunvalley Mall", is a regional shopping center located in Concord, California.
The Sunset Esplanade is an outdoor shopping center located in the southeast part of Hillsboro, in the U.S. state of Oregon.
Festival Alabang formerly known as Festival Supermall is a shopping mall owned and operated by Filinvest Land, Inc.'s subsidiary, Filinvest Alabang, Inc.
The AEON store is the anchor tenant.
The suburban mall has a total of 167 shops spread around 6 floors.
The center is anchored by two Dillard's locations.
Roughly 7.5 million people visit the mall every year and sales were about $527/sq foot.
Profilo Shopping Center, opened in 1997, is a modern shopping mall located in the business quarter of Mecidiyeköy in Istanbul, Turkey.
The mall is anchored by Boscov's, JCPenney, Macy's and Sears and has over 160 stores.
The south part of the centre was re-developed in 2005 downsizing the Sainsbury's Savacentre to a regular Sainsbury's which made space for other units.
The development replaces the 75 acre Pollok centre with a brand new 1,500,000-square-foot shopping centre, anchored by Tesco, Next, Marks & Spencer and Debenhams.
It is the largest retail shopping center in the Volusia-Flagler market.
The Curve is a shopping mall in Mutiara Damansara, Petaling Jaya, Selangor, Malaysia.
The complex hosts an annual "Fashion Camp" where young fashionistas can learn about the clothing industry, and visit stores in the area.
Opened in 1989, it was converted from an enclosed mall to an open air mall in 2014.
About 100,000 people visited it on opening day.
Ward Parkway Center, Ward Parkway Mall, or Ward Parkway Shopping Center is a shopping center located in Kansas City, Missouri on the Kansas/Missouri border line.
Sears later sold the land underneath its store to Lerner.
It is currently the largest mall in the state of Connecticut and is partially owned and operated by Centennial Properties.
Anchor stores include Carson's, Kohl's, J. C. Penney, Macy's, Dick's Sporting Goods and Sears.
Construction took 27 months at a cost of £600 million - approximately £1 billion in 2016.
Operated by the United Horsemen of Alberta, Century Downs Racetrack and Casino has been open since April 2015.
The Streets of Tanasbourne is a shopping mall located in the Tanasbourne area of Hillsboro in the U.S. state of Oregon.
BBI Real Estate Ltd. is also currently investing in construction of several residential buildings.
Stage 2 included giving the building more footage on the Adelaide Street side for more stores.
The market also has a number of stores for local shoppers, selling medicine, foodstuffs, garments and foreign goods.
Also, Albertville Premium Outlets is home to a few dining options, which include TCBY Yogurt and Burger King.
It is located next to Mandarin Centre and is opposite The Concourse.
Farmers Plaza is a shopping mall located in Araneta Center, Cubao, Quezon City.
In 2006 the mall's current owner has announced that it is putting the mall up for sale.
In addition to the mall's anchors, the shopping complex also featured approximately 75 specialty stores and a General Cinemas.
Fiesta Mall is a super-regional shopping center in the U.S. city of Mesa, Arizona.
While efforts to stabilize and fix this sinkhole were underway, a second sinkhole developed in the Sears store.
Alderwood Mall is home to the first ever Zumiez store
The mall also features an 8 screen Super Saver Cinema, a T.J.Maxx, and a new freestanding Cheesecake Factory.
In 2005, it had retail sales of NZ$120 million.
The revamped regeneration plans include an office quarter for the town centre, a hotel, public space outside the railway station.
It is anchored by Dillard's, JCPenney, and Sears.
The former Barclays Bank on the front of the Merrion Centre was converted into 'PRYZM' which has become a popular Leeds nightclub.
Today, Junction 10 reaches out to more than 380,000 residents in Bukit Panjang and the surrounding neighbourhoods of Choa Chu Kang and Upper Bukit Timah.
The shopping centre currently has 440 specialty stores, cafes, restaurants and other services and food vendors.
After M closed, Zellers took the location of M and remained there until its closure in 2012 and it subsequent replacement by Target the following year.
Between 1967 and 1969, the mall was expanded westward.
When it first opened in 1937, it was said to be the biggest market in Asia; today it still operates as a market.
In October 2013 Westfield Group sold the mall to Starwood Capital Group
The mall is undergoing renovation and will be reopened as office-retail-complex.
City Commercial Center, more popularly known as "C3" or "C3 Mall", is a government-owned and controlled mixed-use building in Pagadian City, Philippines.
Potomac Mills is a shopping mall in Woodbridge, Virginia in the Washington, D.C., metropolitan area.
It is small in size and is often overshadowed by the main shopping centre in Bromley The Glades.
Opened in 2000, the center is currently home to three anchors plus many other well-known retailers.
CasaShopping has 120 stores, is 61,500 m² in size, it is the biggest Home Decoration Mall in Latin America.
The mall, which is managed by CBL & Associates Properties, features over 70 restaurants and stores, with Carson's and Von Maur as anchor stores.
It is named after the nearby Chicago Water Tower, and is owned by General Growth Properties.
It is 250,000 square meters, or about 2,700,000 square feet in area.
One unusual feature is the Boeger-Brinkman Cemetery on the southern end of the parking lot, along Butterfield Road.
Located at the southwest corner of Interstate 20 and Hulen St, the mall is in the southwest side of the DFW Metroplex.
The mall did survive until 1996 when Field's closed and Sears moved to nearby Lincoln Mall.
In 2005 the Rich's name was dropped, and became just Macy's.
This enclosed mall is home to 63 stores and services, including their anchor stores, London Drugs, Save-On-Foods, and Hudson's Bay.
It is the largest shopping complex in East Malaysia.
The 126,000 square feet center is comparable to New York City's South Street Seaport, Boston's Faneuil Hall and Miami's Bayside Marketplace, all developed by Rouse.
The original anchor tenant was Simpsons-Sears, which still operates in its original location today as Sears Canada.
The mall was originally developed by Home Savings and Loan Association and sold the shopping center to Desert Plaza Partnership.
The Gardens Mall is an upscale, two-story, enclosed shopping mall in Palm Beach Gardens, Florida.
There are a wide variety of national, regional and local retailers; lending itself to many different population and demographic segments.
PlazAmericas, formerly known as Sharpstown Mall and earlier Sharpstown Center, is a shopping mall located in the Sharpstown development in Greater Sharpstown, Houston, Texas.
A branch of the Idaho Athletic Club opened at the Nampa Gateway Center in 2009.
Augusta Mall is an upscale two level super-regional shopping mall located in Augusta, Georgia.
Other landmarks in the mall include twin pagodas.
It was opened on 10 August 2012.
From 2012 to 2013, an extension to Glasgow Fort Shopping was under construction.
Central Park also includes a Holiday Inn Select Hotel, and a Hilton Garden Inn, with three more hotels scheduled to open in the next few years.
Planet Fitness announced the opening of a 20,000-square-foot gym and fitness centre at the mall in December 2014.
The covered streets and squares comprise 8,000 m2.
HomeStop is part of the Shoppers Stop group.
All three respective anchor spaces remained vacant despite different proposed plans for renovation.
The goods sold in this store are often imported.
Also a bread-oven and fish smokery are located in the shop.
The building was built on the site of the old Dong'an Department Store and opened in 1998.
The mall is currently being renovated to be an outdoor shopping center, with the interior demolished for store fronts.
Most outparcel locations around Valley View Mall have been developed into restaurants, retail stores, offices, and hotels.
On January 12, 2016, JCPenney announced its store will be closing its doors in Spring 2016, and as of November 2016 JCPenney is vacant.
Full information on public transit at Towne Centre can be found on the Hungryneck Straphangers Website.
The shopping centre was originally anchored by Woodward's.
The name "Eastern Hills" refers to the very low hills that contribute to a slightly higher elevation than the bordering areas along the Onondaga Escarpment.
Robinsons Galleria is a mixed-use complex and shopping mall located at EDSA corner Ortigas Avenue, Quezon City just near SM Megamall.
Wagga Wagga Marketplace was originally constructed by Woolworths Limited and was acquired by Industry Superannuation Property Trust in July 1997.
Also in 1992, Steinberg was changed to an IGA and rebranded to the current IGA Extra the following year.
It also became part of a mixed-use development, together with The Tennery, a private housing estate occupying levels 4 and above.
Polo Park is a shopping centre in Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada.
The Harlequin Shopping Centre, currently known as Intu Watford, is a shopping centre in the middle of Watford, Hertfordshire, United Kingdom.
The mall was built by Baku Plaza Ltd for $41.5 million on 7,500 square metres of land.
Dunmail Park is a shopping centre located in Siddick, near Workington, in Cumbria, United Kingdom.
As Bayside's name suggests, it wraps along the banks of the wall
Metro connectivity will be enhanced and pedestrian and vehicular access will be improved, creating a truly one-of-a-kind experience in a one-of-a-kind location.
The mall was directly in the storm's path and sustained moderate damage.
Opened in 1988, the mall features Macy's and both Women's and Men's Dillard's as its anchor stores.
The mall features more than 100 inline stores, with JCPenney, Sears, and Kohl's serving as anchor stores.
Iulius Mall Iaşi is a shopping mall located in Iași, Romania.
It is located at the interchange between U.S. Route 422 and Pennsylvania Route 29.
The hotel & residence, by Centre Point – having a total of 42 stories, 202 metres high building.
Deerfoot Mall is an enclosed shopping centre located in northeast Calgary, Alberta, Canada.
The mall was demolished, rebuilt, rebranded, and reopened in 2008 following the closing of the indoor mall.
It is anchored by J.C. Penney, Dick's Sporting Goods, Sears, and Burlington Coat Factory.
Dixie Square Shopping Center was an enclosed shopping mall located in Harvey, Illinois, United States, at the junction of 151st Street and the Dixie Highway.
It subsequently closed on April 1, 2015.
The mall had its soft opening on September 30, 2009 and the grand opening took place on Monday, October 5, 2009.
It is due to undergo further refurbishment in a plan being devised by Chapman Taylor Architects as part of the New Riverside redevelopment.
Shoppers can savour the medley of gastronomical delights around the mall.
It was completed along with the shopping mall under the same developer, manager and owner in 2010.
It is the second mall by Robinsons Malls in Quezon City after Robinsons Galleria.
Also, the fact that the location of Landover Mall is a very high crime area was a contributing factor to the decline and eventual closure.
The Mall of New Hampshire is managed by Simon Property Group, which owns 49.1 percent of it.
The anchor space of Zellers was dismantled and is now the home Énergie Cardio/Rossy/Au Vieux Duluth and a few others.
In June/July 2012, a new 50's themed American Diner, Ed's Easy Diner opened up next to Claire's Accessories.
It is adjacent to the Hayward Executive Airport.
In 2002, the service de sécurité incendie de Montréal was heavily blamed for negligence and incompetence according to the Cour d'Appel du Québec.
of multilevel entertainment for children and adults, featuring KidzMondo, an impressive scaled-down miniature city, providing role playing real life experiences for children.
The Cloisters indoor market was closed in 2012.
Drake Circus Shopping Centre is a 425,000 square feet covered shopping mall in the centre of Plymouth, England, which opened in October 2006.
The mall is located on the eastern side of the Medina Road and south of Makkah Road, near the King Abdulaziz International Airport.
The Columbia Mall is a shopping mall located in Columbia, Missouri, United States.
It is anchored by Nordstrom and Bloomingdale's, and includes a Century Theatres multiplex, and a branch of San Francisco State University.
It was built on the site of Shoppers' World, a historic, early suburban shopping mall that was torn down in 1994.
It is linked to the city by Adelaide's unique O-Bahn system, which terminates at the Tea Tree Plaza Interchange.
It was opened on April 26, 2012.
Opened in August 1980, it currently houses more than 140 stores.
The mall could be categorized as a dead mall due to its great number of vacant stores.
Many of the shoppers are from Port Charlotte and bordering towns such as North Port, Englewood, and Punta Gorda.
On December 20, 2013, a shooting was reported at the West Valley Mall near the Eastern entrance.
It began operations in 1995 and was opened in 1997.
In February 2017, it was announced that owner Scentre Group had sold the mall to the family-owned Australian business Angaet Group for A$147 million.
Its anchor stores include The Home Depot, Marshalls, Forever 21, Old Navy, and formerly Golfsmith.
The mall, owned 60% by Simon Property Group, is located along Pennsylvania Route 309 at the intersection with U.S. Route 202 Business, amidst other commercial development.
An adjoining shopping centre, Charter Place, was bought by Intu Properties in April 2013.
Concord Mills is a nearly 1.4-million-square-foot shopping mall located in Concord, North Carolina.
Its annual New Year celebrations feature the largest fireworks show in the world, as officially recognised by Guinness World Records in 2006.
Named Can't Stop, it features a small man trying to control a large horse, possibly a Clydesdale.
The 12-story tower is 57 m in height.
It also has a Rocky Mountain Bank and a Regal Cinemas.
Penn Square Mall is a two-story, 1,063,000-square-foot upscale regional shopping mall with a 10-screen AMC Theatre in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, United States.
Route 1 through the area is a 6 lane highway with a speed limit of 50 mph.
In addition to 17 large anchor stores, Arundel Mills also features a Dave & Buster's, Maryland Live!
It will be connected to Pacific Mall by an indoor walkway.
SM City Lucena is a shopping mall owned and developed by SM Prime Holdings, the largest mall operator in the Philippines.
The mall opened in 1984, and is located at Exit 8 on Interstate 640.
It is owned by the Premium Outlets division of Simon Property Group.
It has been built next to the existing Sunshine Plaza.
Above these three levels is a multi-storey car park, the Arthur Barnett Corporate Offices, and a doctor's office.
It can be reached by using the sixth ring road.
On March 17, 2017, it was announced the J.C. Penney store will be closing in June of that year.
Madeira was claimed by Portuguese sailors in the service of Prince Henry the Navigator in 1419 and settled after 1420.
Opening in 2002, the mall cost 120 million dirhams.
Laurel Mall is a shopping mall which opened in 1973 just northwest of Hazleton, Pennsylvania.
It won recognition for Latin American contemporary architecture with the Mies van der Rohe Award that year.
The mall offers 300 shops, among them 13 anchor stores and seven satellite cinema multiplex network Cinemark stadiums with a capacity of 2,140 seats.
La Plaza Mall is a regional shopping mall located in McAllen, Texas, at the intersection of Interstate 2 and 10th Street.
At 886,000 square feet, it is the third biggest mall in Delaware, boasting approximately 85 shops and a food court.
Winnipeg Square is a shopping mall in Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada..
The Shops at Sunset Place is an outdoor shopping mall in South Miami, Florida at the intersection of South Dixie Highway and Red Road.
The group's second and third giant malls are under construction in Thiruvananthapuram, Kerala and Lucknow, Uttar Pradesh.
There have been many changes in the mall's anchors since its opening.
SM City Baguio is an enclosed shopping mall in Baguio in the Philippines.
The indoor mall was originally opened in 1972, with the original part being the area that housed the Carter's Childrenswear and Dress Barn.
It has 215 stores, including a food court of ten restaurants.
In early 2006, construction of The Shops at Friendly Center began after the nearby Burlington Industries office building was demolished.
Lutwyche City Shopping Centre is a neighbourhood shopping centre located in Lutwyche, a suburb of the city of Brisbane in Queensland, Australia.
There are hundreds of brands represented in the centre, many of which have the only representative in Estonia located in the Rocca al Mare shopping centre.
It remains the city's largest taxpayer and its second largest employer.
The mall opened in 1956 and was one of the city's first major shopping centres.
The Kingsway Shopping Centre is an under-cover shopping centre in Newport city centre, Wales.
The Port Charlotte Town Center is a mall located in Port Charlotte, Florida.
It is located two blocks off Interstate 694 on the Saint Paul side of the Twin Cities.
There are 408 spaces and the main entrance is on Wapping Street.
It was named after the fictitious town of Mayberry in which The Andy Griffith Show was based.
The Shops at Fallen Timbers is a retail lifestyle center in the city of Maumee, Ohio.
The Remington Centre will have a contemporary design and unique features, including light-filled hallways, indoor and outdoor public spaces and signature night market.
Central Westgate is located where several roads and highways connect.
With 245 stores, Tea Tree Plaza is the second largest shopping centre in Adelaide, only Westfield Marion is larger.
The John Lewis store replaced the local department store Tyrrell & Green, which met with mixed emotions from the local people.
The Protea Glen Mall is a shopping mall in Protea Glen, in Soweto, Gauteng Province, South Africa, which opened in September 2012
Westmount Shopping Centre or also referred to as Westmount Mall is a shopping centre located in London, Ontario.
SM City Davao also known locally as "SM Ecoland", is an indoor shopping mall in Quimpo Boulevard, Davao City, Philippines.
The purchase included both the Winnipeg Square shopping mall and the former Commodity Exchange tower, now known as 360 Main for approximately $102.5 million.
It has 17,333 tenants in the Philippines and 1,478 tenants in China.
Also popularly known as Jusco Bukit Tinggi, the shopping mall is located in the Bandar Bukit Tinggi township, Klang, Selangor, Malaysia.
It features a Giant Eagle Market District supermarket.
The mall and town center serve as the main shopping district for residents of Pittsburgh's Airport Area.
For its first five years, it did not have an anchor department store.
It is located with the city's urban enterprise zone, which permits merchants to charge 50% of the state's general sales tax rate.
The mall's anchor stores include Bealls, JCPenney, Dillard's, Forever 21, and Sears.
Ontario Mills was designed by the architectural firm, F+A Architects.
It is situated in the heart of Mangalore.
Thus, the mall it did not listed on Robinsons Malls' website though yet determined is still part of Robinsons Land's chain of malls.
The mall targets 954,920 residents in the northwestern Greater Houston region, which is projected to increase to 1,104,755 residents within 5 years.
It is owned by Starwood Capital and managed by Starwood Retail Partners.
The center was originally developed by RED Development, but is currently managed by United Commercial Realty.
It is located near the Stabler Center near Center Valley, Pennsylvania.
The mall declined after Walmart's departure, and was described as being on "death row".
Disney Springs is an outdoor shopping, dining, and entertainment complex at the Walt Disney World Resort in Bay Lake, Florida, near Orlando.
It has 397,303 square feet of space.
A 110,000 square feet lifestyle center addition was added in October 2007, housing such stores as Apple, Coach, Sephora and Barnes & Noble.
The mall has several shopping stores, dining centres and a seven-screen PVR multiplex.
The mall has opened another branch in the Heritage City, Mysore near K.R.
The centre was rebranded as "intu Lakeside" in 2013 following the renaming of parent Capital Shopping Centres Group plc as "intu properties plc".
The Seletar Mall is a suburban shopping mall located in Fernvale of Sengkang New Town, Singapore.
South Plains Mall is anchored by five major department stores, a bookstore, and a 16-screen theatre and contains over 150 shops, restaurants and kiosks.
At 850,000 square feet, Kirkwood Mall is the second largest mall in North Dakota, boasting over 90 shops.
North Hanover Mall is a shopping mall in Hanover, Pennsylvania.
The Shoppes at Bel Air, formerly Bel Air Mall, is a super-regional shopping mall, located in Mobile, Alabama, United States.
It has a land area of 170,000 m2 and a total gross floor area of 181,657 m2.
It was opened to the public in 2011.
Sugarloaf Mills, formerly Discover Mills, is a 1,200,000-square-foot single story shopping mall in Lawrenceville, Georgia with over 180 specialty retailers.
Built on the reclaimed land of the old Tsuen Wan Ferry Pier, it was developed by Sun Hung Kai Properties in 1992.
-Men and Home 70,000 square feet -Women and Kids 181,847 square feet
It is currently the 3rd largest shopping mall in the Philippines and the 8th in the world.
The Galleria is an upscale shopping mall in Edina, Minnesota anchored solely by Gabberts Furniture .
It comprises three floors, including a food court.
It is the largest outlet shopping complex in the Laurel Highlands region of Pennsylvania.
A highrise is planned for the site, and the future City Rail Link will go through the foundations of that building.
Centre Place Shopping Centre is a shopping mall in Hamilton, New Zealand.
Conversely, the mall's rear entrance led into the first floor food court, which was blocked by the main entrance.
The Mall of Victor Valley is a shopping mall located in Victorville, California.
The mall has a gross leasable area of 1,800,000 square feet.
Brighton Mall is a shopping mall located in Brighton, Michigan, United States.
Each hour a monkey is seen raising up a tree and chiming a bell in order to tell the hour.
Square 2 was the runner up for the FIABCI Prix d’Excellence Award 2010 Category)
Sports Authority opened in September 2009 and Macy's opening in October 2009.
High Street Phoenix, formerly known as Phoenix Mall, is one of the largest shopping malls in India, situated in Lower Parel, Mumbai.
Rua 24 Horas is a shopping mall in Curitiba, Brazil.
It is also known as McWhirters Marketplace, McWhirters & Son Ltd, and Myer.
Stockland Hervey Bay is a regional shopping centre located in Hervey Bay, Queensland, Australia.
Independence Center is a 1,032,000-square-foot super-regional shopping mall located in Independence, Missouri.
Conestoga Mall is an enclosed shopping mall in Grand Island, Nebraska.
Following major expansion, the mall marked its reopening in August 2009, including a new food court and added parking.
Torp Köpcentrum is a shopping mall located next to the highway, about seven kilometres northwest of Uddevalla.
The Cathay is a mixed-use 17-storey cinema, shopping mall and apartment building located at Handy Road and Mount Sophia in the Museum Planning Area of Singapore.
It is located at the intersection of McFarland Boulevard and Veterans' Memorial Parkway in Tuscaloosa, the busiest in the city.
It was designed by YTS Architecture Sdn Bhd, an international architectural firm based in Kuala Lumpur.
The mall is now the center of the retail and commercial district for the Clarksville area.
The mall is one of the busiest shopping avenues for the city of Cochin.
After new ownership and renovations in 2006, the name was changed from "Shannon Mall" to "Union Station Mall" in 2006.
Likewise for this mall, numerous artworks are displayed throughout Arizona Mills from the people of Arizona.
In March 2010, Semiahmoo Centre went through a much-needed upgrade to the inside of the mall.
Rhodes Waterside is located in the suburb of Rhodes, New South Wales.
The third stage opened March 2010 with the addition of 32 specialty stores, a two-storey 7,200 m2 Farmers department store and another multi-level carpark.
The shopping centre is located in Leeds city centre.
This store was shuttered in December 2000.
Brookfield Square is a regional shopping mall located in Brookfield, Wisconsin, a suburb of Milwaukee.
The Metreon is a shopping center located in downtown San Francisco at the corner of 4th Street and Mission Street.
Sunway Pyramid is a shopping mall located in Bandar Sunway, Subang Jaya, Selangor which was developed by Sunway Group and opened in July 1997.
Pondok Indah Mall is a large shopping complex located in wealthy Pondok Indah suburb of South Jakarta, Indonesia.
It is being developed on the site of the former University Mall, which operated from 1974 to 2013.
The company stopped paying the debt on the mall in October 2015 and the noteholder took ownership of the Mall.
Arden Fair Mall is a two-level regional shopping mall located on Arden Way in Sacramento, California, USA.
SM City Naga is a shopping mall owned and operated by SM Prime Holdings, the largest mall owner and operator in the Philippines.
It is planned to expand to 650,000 square feet.
An underground parking garage serves the entire complex.
San Jacinto Mall is a very large regional shopping mall located in Baytown, Texas along Interstate 10.
Opened in 1974, it was the first enclosed shopping center in Greensboro.
Cities with maximum building height restrictions often have a separate historic section quite apart from the financial and administrative district.
This Mall was developed by the esteemed Vijay Associates group having its head office at BKC Bandra.
The Avalon Mall is a Canadian shopping mall located in St. John's, Newfoundland and Labrador on Kenmount Road.
It replaced a shopping centre which was demolished in 2007.
Westfield Citrus Park, formerly Citrus Park Town Center, is a shopping mall in Citrus Park, Florida, that opened in March 1999.
Oakwood Plaza, a 906,000 square foot regional center, is a power center located in Hollywood, Florida.
Tepe Nautilus is a thematic shopping mall, with its name, decoration and architectural features associated with sea and navigation.
This allowed for an additional 62 stores to open.
Chang's China Bistro, Redstone American Grill, Benihana, Bertucci's, and King Buffet.
The new owner has plans to redevelop the mall.
The Waterfront is a super-regional open air shopping mall spanning the three boroughs of Homestead, West Homestead, and Munhall near Pittsburgh.
This renovation eliminated many of the components of the park theme for which the mall was named.
Herring Marathon and JCPenney built the mall.
J.B. White was purchased by Dillard's in 1998 and converted to Belk as a part of a Dillard's/Belk store swap.
That same year, Carson city council approved a financing package that would allow IKEA to move into the space being vacated by The Broadway.
General Growth Properties manages and co-owns the property with an institutional investor.
In December 2013, Revolutions, a bowling alley, opened a location in CityPlace.
It has 185 stores, including a multiplex, bowling alley, karting track and restaurants.
Mary Brickell Village is served by the Miami Metrorail at Brickell Station and by the Metromover.
It was supposed to supersede the older Memorial City Mall but never did due to its location.
Crossroads Center is a shopping mall located in Waterloo, Iowa.
In March 2014, Cosco Capital Inc. led retailer Lucio Co acquired NE Pacific Mall as they expand their presence in Nueva Ecija.
Jem is a suburban mall in Jurong East, Singapore.
Bradley Square Mall is a shopping mall located in Cleveland, Tennessee.
The other floors are mostly used as flats and offices.
As of January 2013, a fair amount of the office space portion of the project was not yet rented.
In April 2012, the mall was sold to Starwood Capital Group, with CBL & Associates Properties responsible for management.
There are 5 floors of retail located in the building.
The landmark Liverpool Interlomas building also houses a 16-screen Cinepolis cinema, an ice rink, 12 restaurants and a food court with 180 vendors.
The mall is home to over 100 local and international stores, a food court and a cinema.
The facility is managed by The Macerich Company.
With many food and beverage outlets such as Yoshinoya, McDonald's, llao llao and Din Tai Fung located within the mall.
King of Prussia Mall near Philadelphia remains the largest mall.
The first thing they did was change the name from Midtown at Forest Acres back to Richland Mall.
The mall features 13 anchors as well as a variety of theme restaurants, casual dining and entertainment venues.
It is operated by Gestion Plaza Côte-des-Neiges.
The taxi rank is the second busiest in Ireland after of Dublin Airport.
It is managed by J.J. Gumberg Co. of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
Denholm's was converted to Forbes & Wallace, and later to The Outlet, a Providence, Rhode Island-based department store chain.
It is the largest shopping center between Portland and Sacramento.
Stonebriar Centre is a mid-range shopping mall located at the intersection of Preston Road and the Sam Rayburn Tollway in Frisco, Texas, U.S..
The mall is located along National Highway, District II, Cauayan City, Isabela, Philippines.
In November 2009, it was announced that a $100 million refurbishment of Wintergarden will take place in two 12-month stages.
More than 30,000 people attended the grand opening of the mall in late November 2013.
It contains 85 retailers including Canadian Tire, CO-OP, and Shoppers Drug Mart.
Westfield completed a renovation in 2013, significantly alter the appearance of the food court, as well as the play areas and family lounge.
The mall is owned by Capital & Counties and is managed by Jones Lang LaSalle.
The centre contains 250 retail stores over four-levels including a cinema complex, and one of only two ice rinks located in Sydney.
In May 2015, the state-of-the-art 13 screens Cinemark Theatres officially opened its doors at SouthBay Pavilion.
Post Oak Mall is a regional shopping mall in College Station, Texas owned by CBL & Associates Properties.
The Forge Shopping Centre exists in the east end of Glasgow in Parkhead.
These were destroyed in 1988 to make way for the shopping centre, despite local opposition.
The mall is located at Filinvest Corporate City in Alabang, Muntinlupa, in the Philippines.
Landover Mall was a large shopping mall located in Landover, Maryland, directly across from FedEx Field, off MD 202 and Interstates 95 and 495.
In late January 2017, the mall permanently closed after 32 years of operation.
The shopping center opened in November 1959 with Albertsons as an anchor store.
It is home to 12 stores and services, including their anchor stores, JCPenney and Safeway.
Johor Premium Outlets is a shopping centre in Indahpura, Kulai District, Johor, Malaysia.
The Blanchardstown Centre is served by over 600 bus movements per day, and close to the M50 and M3 motorways.
The mall is owned and operated by Cadillac Fairview, which also owns CF Market Mall in the area.
It is served by Orange County Transportation Authority bus routes 1, 55, 57, and 79.
It is the largest New England outlet mall.
It opened in 1979 and was developed by Robert B. Aikens & Associates, and is now owned by CBL & Associates Properties.
Prozone Mall is one of the largest and the first horizontally designed shopping mall in India.
The center consists of 18 separate buildings representing 804,000 square feet of retail space and 468,000 square feet of office space.
Highland Village was one of the first shopping centers opened in Houston.
It is managed by T Danville, a division of Tabani Group.
B. Altman's was located where Nordstrom is now situated.
The building is part of the Augusta Downtown Historic District and Augusta Canal National Monument Heritage Area.
Flamingo was opened in 2008 and there is a hotel, a spa and 40 different actors under its roof.
The mall also has 10 cinemas, 3,200 parking stalls, and an auditorium.
The mall is managed and owned by Starwood Capital Group.
It was awarded Best Shopping Complex Award 2000 by Tourism Malaysia and Best Retail Development 2001 by FIABCI Malaysia.
The centre also includes a 6 screen Hoyts cinema complex.
The shopping centre has been constantly expanded to also fill other buildings in the city block.
The newest outlet mall in New Hampshire, it opened to the public on June 14, 2012, and contains 100 stores.
Other chains of retail stores include Guam's only 12,000-square-foot Foot Locker store, ABC Store, Folli Follie, Gamestop, Vitamin World, Bench, and KD Toys.
It was remodeled that same year and became The Bon-Ton.
Al Ain Mall is undergoing massive expansion and the project - Al Ain Mall Extension & exclusive five stars hotel – to add approx.
The mall opened in 1959. and was enclosed in 1981.
At completion the center will encompass 2,500,000 square feet of space.
Wheelock Place, is a 21-floor office tower and shopping mall on Singapore's Orchard Road.
The mall is owned by WP Glimcher.
Bentley Bridge Leisure Park is an extensive modern leisure/retail park located in the Wednesfield area of Wolverhampton in the West Midlands.
It is Canada's largest enclosed outlet mall.
The area is located adjacent to two major interchanges of the Auckland Southern Motorway – the South Eastern Highway and Mount Wellington Highway.
It is within the Pittsburgh Metro Area.
It is a major component of the enormous Newport, Jersey City, mixed-use community on the Hudson River waterfront across from lower Manhattan.
The construction of the Centre Commercial Sétif was in charge of the Algerian group.
Orchard Central is a shopping mall in Singapore located along the main shopping belt at Orchard Road.
The mall has a gross leasable area of 527,000 square feet.
The design team included architectural firms Gensler, Pappageorge Haymes and the landscape architecture firm of Hoerr Schaudt.
Cherry Hill Mall is located in Cherry Hill, New Jersey and is bound by Route 38, Haddonfield Road, Church Road, and Cherry Hill Mall Drive.
Chang's China Bistro, and Buca di Beppo fronted the new wing facing Blossom Hill Road.
Oxford Street Mall is a shopping centre on Oxford Street, Accra in Osu a suburb of Accra.
West Manchester Town Center is an open-air shopping center in West Manchester Township, York County, Pennsylvania, west of the city of York.
It opened in 1956 as an open-air shopping plaza on what was part of the Eatonville farm.
Throughout the shopping center there are plaques and sculptures to commemorate individuals throughout Nevada's history.
Many international companies have opened their first retail locations in Canada at Yorkdale, including Apple, Microsoft, and Tesla Motors.
When Phase II is fully built out, the project will have cost over $300 million to build and boast more than 100 retailers.
The mall has 425,000 m2 of built area, out of which 247,027 m2 is leasable space.
Chang's, Maggiano's Little Italy and The Cheesecake Factory.
Also, Metro Local lines 212, 217, 222, 237, 656 and Metro Rapid 780 serve Hollywood & Highland.
It is located at the intersection of Firestone and Lakewood Boulevards.
In 1981 the Ontario Government offered to build an elevated rapid transit line from Jackson Square in downtown Hamilton, to the mall.
Disneytown is a shopping, dining, and entertainment complex at the Shanghai Disney Resort in Pudong, Shanghai, China.
During the Christmas season many Burnaby families bring their young children to the Mall to have their pictures taken with Santa in his workshop.
Heritage Mall is a shopping center in Albany in the U.S. state of Oregon.
Fox River Mall is a mall located in Grand Chute, Wisconsin in the United States.
In 2010, there were 1,000-1,200 Palestinian visitors a day, accounting for 3 percent of all shoppers.
Foothills Mall features approximately 70 stores and restaurants.
Route 90 and Gessner Road, adjacent to the large Memorial Hermann medical complex.
and offers over 100 stores and services including Sears, Fortinos, HomeSense and Shoppers Drug Mart.
Burlington Coat Factory was previously Supermercados Grande, and Gonzalez Padin before that.
It has over 85,500 m² of floor space with 225 stores.
The project covers three 1.4-acre city blocks.
The facility has space for 2,500 stores covering 450,000 square metres.
Dick's Sporting Goods is expected to open in 2017.
CityWalk Hollywood and CityWalk Orlando have some common tenants, but their respective architectural styles are quite different.
It has a floor space of 231 acres distributed over three levels.
The Westside Pavilion is a shopping mall located in West Los Angeles.
The Silver City Galleria is an enclosed, two-level, super-regional mall located off Route 24 and Route 140 in Taunton, Massachusetts.
Fashion Island is an open-air lifestyle center in Newport Beach, California.
In-line merchants include Build-A-Bear Workshop, Ann Taylor LOFT, American Eagle Outfitters, Charlotte Russe and Kirkland's Home.
Dick's Sporting Goods opened in October 2014.
Kristiine Centre is a shopping centre in Tallinn, Estonia.
The mall is also called by its former name, Ten Mile Junction.
The center includes an authentic Turkish food bazaar- a traditional market place, inspired by Turkish architecture and history.
The Natick Mall is a shopping mall, located in Natick, Massachusetts and owned by GGP Inc.
The shopping mall has 2,500 parking spaces and is situated between two major motorways, E18 and E4.
It is administered by Inmobiliaria Real San Agustín, S.A.
There are two McDonald's, Burger King, Pizza Hut, Bella Italia and also a nearby KFC.
On December 9, 2011 Blue Mountain Health System closed its Health Works fitness center.
It is one of three main shopping facilities in the town, others being Park Mall and the Ashford Designer Outlet.
The mall is owned and operated by the Pennsylvania Real Estate Investment Trust.
It also houses the head office for Fellas Gifts.
Originally anchored by Bullock's from 1962, Sherman Oaks Fashion Square added The Broadway, and I. Magnin department stores in 1975.
The Galleria's plan included an $85 million project attaching a Westin hotel.
Kista Galleria is a shopping mall located in the Kista Science City in Stockholm, Sweden.
It can be accessed by MARTA's Dunwoody station, which opened at the southwest corner of its parking lot in 1996.
The complex is part of a major regeneration of High Wycombe in a bid to transform the town into a regional shopping destination.
The development is adjacent to the Columbia Heights station on the Yellow and Green Lines of the Washington Metro.
It once functioned as a cement factory until it was abandoned.
The complex opened in 25 December 1982, and was the first integrated shopping complex by Central Pattana.
In 1989 the mall closed its small theater in favor of a multi-screen complex located just outside the Dillard's side.
Sunset Mall is a shopping mall located in San Angelo, Texas.
Summit Mall is a one-story, 770,000-square-foot  enclosed shopping mall located at 3265 W. Market Street in the Akron suburb of Fairlawn.
Broadway Commons, formerly known as Broadway Mall, is a large shopping mall located in Hicksville, New York, United States.
The mall is partially enclosed, while the majority of the center contains open air structures.
Eastview has a nationally recognized, quality restaurant selection at the front courtyard parking valet entrance.
St. Louis Outlet Mall, formerly St. Louis Mills, is a shopping center in Hazelwood, Missouri, just off Route 370.
The mall is owned by Boulevard Ventures LLC and 2495 Riviera LP.
The shopping complex formally opened on November 1, 2001.
This continued until the mall's closure in 2005, and ultimately its demolition in 2007.
Valley View Mall comprises 73 stores, restaurants, and a food court.
The mall contains over 90 stores, with Dillard's, JCPenney, Kohl's, and Sears serving as anchor stores.
Currently, the mall has a gross leasable area of 1,500,000 sq ft, making it the fourth largest shopping mall in New Jersey, boasting over 150 shops.
Tanger Outlets The Walk is a 109-store open-air outlet mall in Atlantic City, New Jersey.
The mall includes an AMC Theatres multiplex, as well as H&M,and LA Fitness among other major stores.
The original developer was Harry Newman of Newman Properties.
At least six stories were destroyed in the blaze.
Triangulo, Naga City, the largest city in the province of Camarines Sur, in the Philippines.
Since then, locations have opened in Shadyside, the Strip District, Millvale, Oakland and Mt.
Central Plaza Surat Thani is a shopping mall in Surat Thani, Thailand.
Dubai Outlet Mall is the first outlet shopping mall concept in Dubai, UAE.
The mall managed to attract new tenants, despite a downturned economy that year.
Opened in 1965, the mall currently features J.C. Penney, Dillard's, Gordmans, and Sears as its anchor stores.
Grand Traverse Mall is an enclosed shopping mall serving Traverse City, Michigan, located in Garfield Township.
It is the largest retail complex in Northern Snohomish County.
The Palms Shopping Centre is a shopping mall located in the Christchurch, New Zealand suburb of Shirley, 4 kilometres from the city's CBD.
North of the mall proper, a strip mall dubbed the "Convenience Center" was constructed.
By the fall of 2004, several other tenants had joined the roster and signed letters of intent.
having Ground + 4 Storey accommodating around 800 shops.
WestShore Plaza also has a kids play area in the mall near JCPenney.
It is owned by Namdar Realty Group.
The centre now has 3 levels, and includes two food courts.
The Auburn Mall is an enclosed shopping mall located on Route 12 in Auburn, Massachusetts, near the intersection of the Massachusetts Turnpike and I-290/I-395.
The centre is set over two levels and covers over 220,000 square feet.
The Shopping Centre has the Monash Freeway on its north-east border, Police Road on its southern border and Hansworth Street on the western side.
The mall is located on the waterfront in downtown Sault Ste.
At 16,000 m2 it is the largest retail mall in the southern South Island, and one of the largest in the South Island as a whole.
A spokesman for Dimension said the firm intended to convert the mall into a health and education campus.
In 2003, Stoltz Management purchased the mall from Goldman Sachs, which owned a majority stake.
The mall attracts a daily foot traffic of 50,000 people.
In 2006, the former Robinsons-May store was converted to a Macy's Men's and Home Store to complement the existing Macy's.
Its Chinese name "朗豪坊" echos Langham Place, a shopping and office complex located in Mong Kok, Hong Kong.
It is connected to Ang Mo Kio Bus Interchange which is linked to Ang Mo Kio MRT station via an underpass.
The fourth and fifth phases were built and completed between 2005 and 2006.
The mall closed on July 4, 2011, after a decade of decreasing traffic and tenants, and before being razed.
The center is near downtown Salt Lake City and the UTA TRAX light-rail system.
It contains over 330 shops and has around 4,500 employees.
Laurel Park Place includes the Phoenix movie theaters, restaurants, a food court, the attached Livonia Marriott hotel, and an office tower.
Other facilities include a post office, an arcade and a 9-screen Regal Cinemas theater equipped with luxury king size recliners.
It employs around 1,460 staff as of late 2007.
Tzum is a village in Franekeradeel in the province of Friesland, the Netherlands.
The former Mervyns/Dillard's building was torn down in 2013 for a Sports Authority and movie theater.
The mall contains over 120 stores along with several restaurants including The Cheesecake Factory.
It was part of the Croydon Vision 2020 re-generation scheme.
Hickory Ridge Mall is a community shopping mall located in Memphis, Tennessee.
Construction started in 1974 and opened in 1977.
Jumbo Shopping Centre, commonly referred to as simply Jumbo, is a shopping center in Vantaa, Finland.
Bashundhara City is one of the largest shopping malls in South Asia: up to 50,000 people visit daily.
By 2012, the mall was bankrupt and closed, and sold on the courthouse steps on September 17 to OREO Corp for $4 Million in back taxes.
The centre:mk is anchored by John Lewis, House of Fraser and Marks and Spencer, with Debenhams at intu Milton Keynes.
It is close to St. Paul's Cathedral.
In 2016, Kit and Ace, Ivivva athletica, Tweedles Mini Donuts, Allen Edmonds and The Direction opened at the mall.
The Pentagon Shopping Centre is a shopping centre in Chatham in Kent.
Some residents worried about overdevelopment and traffic congestion.
Around 1,000 service people are employed in the property.
It was owned by Macerich before being sold to Merlone Geier Partners in January 2017.
The 623,000 square foot mall, owned by Shape Properties, sits on a 79 acre site.
Opened in 1970, it is anchored by J. C. Penney, Sears, Carson's, and Macy's.
By September 10, 1973, the building was complete and the first stores Marshall Field & Company and fifteen specialty shops had their grand opening.
The company, which also owns the Walden Galleria, elected to build a power center on the site once the mall and outlying buildings were demolished.
It opened in 1957 and closed in 2010 to be torn down for Wal-Mart.
There are several out parcels including a 14-theater AMC Theatres.
Both The Mall at Robinson and Robinson Town Centre are owned by Forest City Enterprises of Cleveland, Ohio.
Place Rosemère is a super regional mall in Rosemère, Quebec.
Opened in October 1999, the mall was originally to be anchored by Dillard's, Parisian, Sears, and Upton's.
CBL & Associates Properties, Inc. bought South County Center and three other Westfield malls as part of their expansion into the St Louis area.
The mall also features 102-room hotel component that occupies 4th and 5th levels in the east wing of the building.
The branding and strategic marketing campaign won a BCSC Purple Apple award.
Its local government area is the City of Moreland.
The mall has 200,000 m2 of land area, a total floor area of 205,120 m2, and a gross built-up area of 189,676.71 m2.
The center's anchor stores are Big Lots, Kmart, Sears, and Younkers.
Its anchors are Dillard's, JCPenney, Sears, and Target.
The Esplanade, also known as the Esplanade Mall, is a shopping mall in Kenner, Louisiana, United States.
The mall opened with great fanfare in 1976 with a Charlestonian bi-centennial theme.
It is a medium-sized community mall with about 90 stores.
The mall is in the neighborhood of Suba, which is in northeastern Bogotá on the North Highway on 183 street.
Instead, the building sat vacant until 2003, when it was demolished and replaced by a two-level Target store.
It was developed by John B. Canuso, a South Jersey developer.
Garden City is located at the corner of Marmion Street and Riseley Street in the southern suburb of Booragoon.
The plaza has a gross leasable area of 337,423 ft², formerly 620,000 ft² when it was a mall, located on 73 acres of land.
In June 2016 the centre was sold to the Blackstone Group by Green Property for an estimated €950m.
Its anchor stores are Burlington Coat Factory and Office Depot.
The property is owned by Delico Property Limited.
This resulted in a portion of the mall being reconfigured to house a new anchor, Winners, which is accessed from inside the mall.
Forum Thomsun Mall is an upcoming mall under construction in the city of Kochi, Kerala, India.
It opened in 1961 as one of the first enclosed shopping centers in the US, and closed in 2004.
Regarded as a super regional mall, the Bramalea City Centre has a market of more than 500,000 residents and attracts 16 million visitors annually.
Over one hundred shopping venues are located within or outside the mall.
Metreon opened on June 16, 1999, as the first of a proposed chain of Sony "urban entertainment centers", aggregating dining, gaming, music, exhibitions, shopping, and movies.
The mall has struggled to retain tenants in the city with a populate with limited buying power.
Arundel Mills is a mall located in Hanover, Maryland and is owned by Simon Property Group.
The stores include Asda Homesense, McDonald's, Carphone Warehouse, Next, New Look, Nike, River Island,Burton, Dorothy Perkins, Primark, WH Smith, Tesco, Boots, Lipsy and SportsDirect.com.
Friendly Center is a large, open-air shopping center located in northwestern Greensboro, North Carolina, near the intersection of Wendover Avenue and Friendly Avenue.
It has eight floors with a total of 150,000 square metres of space.
It has 88 shops, restaurants, and services and is located along the Bothell-Everett Highway.
Devonshire Mall was sold by Ivanhoé Cambridge in 2015 to the Healthcare of Ontario Pension Plan, and is currently operated by 20 Vic Management Inc.
The center was branded as The Shops at West Seneca and its first tenant opened in May 1997.
Best Buy, TJ Maxx, and Big Lots occupy the anchor positions.
The Galleria's existence led to the slow decline and eventual closing of South Hills Mall.
It has over 500 shops, 14 cinemas and 14,700 parking spaces.
Each quadrant has its own distinct range of stores, and all four quadrants will meet at an area known as the Town Square.
The mall's anchor stores are Carson Pirie Scott and Kohl's.
Myyrmanni was the site of a bombing on October 11, 2002.
Eastlands contains two major discount department stores, along with approximately one hundred specialty stores, as well as a multi-level carpark.
The centre is split into two buildings which effectively join the shopping streets of George Street and Union Street.
St. Charles Towne Center is a two-level, enclosed shopping in the planned community of St. Charles, Maryland.
Other major tenants include Marshalls, Shoe Department Encore, Dunham's Sports, and a 10-screen movie theater owned by Goodrich Quality Theaters.
1800 N. Clybourn was an enclosed shopping center located at 1800 N. Clybourn Ave. in the Clybourn Corridor area of Lincoln Park, Chicago.
It was rebuilt and reopenned in 1981 with 85 stores.
The mall was named in honor of boxer Muhammad Ali, and was built in 1976, making it one of the oldest malls in the country.
Members of the Russian Society of Appraisers comprise both property and business valuation professionals.
It was built by The Rouse Company of Columbia, Maryland.
The complex occupies two entire blocks defined by Argyle Street, Portland Street, Shantung Street and Reclamation Street.
The shopping mall, opened on 23 June 2006, is anchored by Debenhams department store and Best Denki electronic store, the largest outlet outside Japan.
Constructed by Perini Building Company of Framingham, MA, it was opened in 1906 as an amusement pier named the "Million Dollar Pier".
The neon advertising sign for Arthur Barnett that sits atop the mall is a prominent feature on the Dunedin skyline.
The Mall at Lexington Green is a hybrid enclosed shopping mall and outdoor lifestyle center in Lexington, Kentucky.
Unlike PIM 1, PIM 2 more focused on upper class aficionados.
Eastpoint Mall is a mall in Dundalk, Maryland.
It has two large department stores and about 175 small shops, including a food court.
The mall was the largest shopping center in the Treasure Valley until 1988 when the Boise Towne Square Mall was opened in Boise.
Due to weak businesses in some areas, stores were closed to cut down on expenses.
Located in Cambridge, Massachusetts, CambridgeSide opened in 1990.
It has approximately 300 stores, is built on three levels, has an underground parking, a multilevel parking, and an outdoor parking.
The centre features a Myer, Big W, Target, JB Hi Fi, Coles, Woolworths, Aldi, H&M and numerous other stores.
The current shopping centre was the busiest in the United Kingdom in 2004 with 36.5 million visitors.
Columbia Place was built by Kahn Development Company and the Richard E. Jacobs Group and was purchased by CBL & Associates in 2001.
Stockland Green Hills is a major shopping centre located in East Maitland, an eastern suburb of Maitland, New South Wales, Australia.
Far East Plaza is a shopping centre in Singapore, located in the heart of the Orchard Road shopping belt.
The Shops at National Place is a three-level, indoor shopping mall located in downtown Washington, D.C. in the 16-story National Place Building.
The shopping mall is located at the I-40 interchange with Gate City Boulevard, southwest of downtown.
It features five anchor stores operating under four brand names, and more than 130 specialty stores on two enclosed levels.
The Summit Reno is an upscale lifestyle center located in Reno, Nevada.
Carolina Mall is an enclosed shopping mall in Concord, North Carolina.
There has also been a resurgence of arts in Bishops Corner.
Faced with a declining selection of stores and more desirable locations at adjacent malls, Westwood's owners decided to convert the mall into a high-tech office center.
It is located close to Manyata Tech Park.
It has an annual footfall of 21.7 million.
It is anchored by Forever 21, J. C. Penney, Macy's, Dillard's, and Sears.
Cairns Central Shopping Centre in north Queensland, Australia is Cairns' biggest shopping centre.
MainPlace Mall is a shopping mall in Santa Ana, California and is anchored by JCPenney and Macy's.
Most affected stores were repaired and reopened within weeks, and all damaged stores except Express reopened by Black Friday 2013.
It is one of 13 still in operation today.
The mall contains over 250 stores, including many luxury retailers.
The mall was managed by Indianapolis-based Simon Property Group.
Adjacent to the mall is a power center, Pinnacle Hills Crossing, which features several big box stores.
The new food court is scheduled to open April 1st, 2017.
It was to be a gateway into Nigeria for importers and a major source of goods for Nigerian and regional traders.
Marie railway station is located in the mall parking lot.
Rhode Island Mall was a two-story, enclosed shopping mall located in the city of Warwick, Rhode Island, United States.
There are also over 60 specialty stores and an undercover carpark.
It is also the Orleans hub for OC Transpo, with a station connecting local routes to the transitway.
Oberon Mall was developed and promoted by the Oberon Group of Companies, India.
It opened on February 28, 2014 and has a floor area of 114,000 m², making it the third largest Ayala Mall after TriNoma and U.P.
It is managed by CBL & Associates Properties.
It offers a selection of tax-free outlet stores.
Dufferin Mall is a shopping mall in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.
Its Chinese name "朗豪坊" echos Langham Place, a shopping and office complex located in Mong Kok, Hong Kong.
It is also served by the Dadeland North Metrorail station, which has a pedestrian walkway connecting to the mall.
Both Block 37 and The Mills Corporation have histories of financial difficulties.
Bower Place is a shopping centre located in Red Deer, Alberta, Canada.
In January 2017, Macy's announced it will close later in 2017.
The Almart later became a Jefferson Ward, and was then a Bradlees for a brief time until it was demolished for a Sears.
Cedarbrae Mall is a shopping mall in the Scarborough area of Toronto, Ontario, at the corner of Markham Road and Lawrence Avenue East.
It is owned by four major UK institutions, Prudential plc and PRUPIM, Land Securities, the Lend Lease Retail Partnership and Hermes.
However plans for a mall in the area around what is now Confederation Park had existed at least as early as 1966.
Central Park Jakarta is situated in between Mall Taman Anggrek and Mall Ciputra.
Serdika Center Sofia is a shopping mall located in Sofia, Bulgaria, opened in the spring of 2010 and has more than 210 stores.
Oakwood Center fell victim to significant damage in the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina.
The Plaza At EastChase is tenanted with new to the market big box stores such as Target, World Market, Kohl's and PetSmart.
When it opened, its first tenants were *PLEX Indoor Sports, Rhodes Furniture, World Market and Super Bi-Lo.
In 1997, Columbia annexed the mall property, thus bringing the tax revenues into the city.
Cube represents what JCube was designed to look like - an ice cube.
The mall also has a carpark occupying three basement levels.
The South Australia Aquatic and Leisure Centre is also a part of Westfield Marion.
Dadeland Station is directly served by the Miami Metrorail at Dadeland North station.
It is notable as the northernmost mall in both the United States and North America.
Managed by Washington Prime Group, the mall has five department stores anchors and over 110 retailers.
The mall is also 44 percent owned by the CPP Investment Board, which manages the Canada Pension Plan national pension system.
U-Village is a regional destination for home furnishings, popular fashions and unique gift items with a distinct collection of restaurants and eateries.
Major parts of the shopping mall are located at this bridge.
It is located at Mall Circle Drive, across from Monroeville Convention Center, venue of the Pittsburgh Comicon, a comic book convention, from 2009 to 2014.
The mall attracts many high end stores such as Coach, Swarovski, Clarks, J.Crew, G by Guess , and Aveda.
"The Glades" was chosen reflecting the history of Bromley as a wooded area.
In late 2014, Belk announced it would shutter the Dutch Square location to focus on a new flagship location in the Columbia area.
A Splitsville Luxury Lanes and Dinner Lounge bowling alley was added in 2008.
Omni Park also features a selection of eateries, an Oratory and an 11 screen cinema called IMC.
Mesa Mall dominates a service area of over 250 miles in any direction.
It draws thousands of visitors and employs more than 2,500 people.
Aupark is situated next to Nový most bridge, beside Sad Janka Kráľa public park, formerly known also as Aupark, not far from the river Danube.
Yorkville Village is a shopping mall in Toronto, Canada.
The mall has a hillside terrain, meaning entries exist on both upper and lower levels.
All the anchor stores are on one level.
Centro Mayor is the biggest mall in Colombia and the third one in Latin America.
The shopping center was completely redesigned in the 1990s, with the addition of a Nordstrom department store in 1994 and Bloomingdale's in September 1995.
Central Chidlom is a large department store located in Bangkok, Thailand.
Many national big-box stores, restaurants, and smaller local businesses occupy the Central Park complex.
Green Tree Mall is a shopping mall located in Clarksville, Indiana.
Several tenants including the federal government sued the then-owner of the building for several million dollars.
Opened in 1995, Century Square underwent expansion in 2005.
Emporium is a luxury shopping mall in Khlong Toei district, Bangkok, Thailand.
The MBK Center is popular with tourists, although the majority of shoppers are Bangkok residents.
Owned and operated by Craig Realty Group, the center has over 350,000 square feet of retail space.
It has been developed since the late 1990s, to the south of Wednesfield town centre.
The mall was demolished in 2007 to make way for a new $150 million mixed-use development called "Constellation."
At first, it was planned to be a 10 000 square metre shopping centre but a 21 000 square metre centre was built instead.
Trader Joe's then plans to move its store from downtown Towson to the upper level in Spring 2017.
Opened in 1991, the mall features two anchor stores in J. C. Penney and Younkers, with two vacancies last occupied by Target and Sears.
It is located just off of Interstate 95 and is less than a mile from the Pennsylvania/Delaware border.
General Growth also operates an adjacent strip mall, Boise Towne Plaza, which is anchored by Nordstrom Rack and Old Navy.
Other prominent stores in the mall include Ulta, Old Navy, and Staples.
A major department store is at the end of each wing.
The center is home to rated eateries Max's Grille, Racks Downtown Eatery + Tavern, Yard House, Villagio's, and Uncle Julio's.
It is anchored by Big Lots, Dillard's, Gold's Gym, J. C. Penney, Rack Room Shoes, and Sears.
Westfield Carindale is the largest shopping centre in Queensland and located in the suburb of Carindale, east of Brisbane.
KBTV-TV, the Beaumont-Port Arthur Fox affiliate, used to broadcast inside the mall, but now broadcasts at the KFDM studios.
The mall serves the Marlboro and Freehold area.
Former anchor tenants include Phar-Mor, Sam Goody, Service Merchandise, and Ames.
It started operating on 21 July 2009, occupying 335 food and retail outlets.
It is anchored by JCPenney and Target
Previous anchors include J. C. Penney and Jordan Marsh; Wegmans is scheduled to open in the mall in 2018.
Arnot Mall is a shopping mall located in Horseheads/Big Flats, New York, in Chemung County at 3300 Chambers Road and operated by Urban Retail Properties.
West Oaks Mall is a regional shopping mall located in the Alief area of the west side of Houston, Texas, USA, that opened in 1984.
It was sighted in 1800 by Lieutenant James Grant from the survey brig, HMS Lady Nelson, and named for Lord James Gambier, Admiral of the Fleet.
Other developments in association with this included the opening of a new 12-screen cinema for Limerick, the Omniplex.
The shopping center is housing many Indonesian Batik clothes shops.
Anchor stores include Carson's, J. C. Penney, and a flagship Von Maur.
It is the first SM Supermall in the Bicol Region and the first SM Supermall to open in 2009.
Westfield Countryside is a shopping mall in Clearwater, Florida.
It is scheduled to be completed in early 2017.
The two-level mall has been very successful and was the first to bring upscale shopping to an underserved area.
The centre is owned by Hammerson, Irish Life and IPUT.
It was built in 1969 at the intersection of U.S. Route 52 and U.S. Route 14.
Westfield Riccarton,, is a large retail complex located in the Christchurch, New Zealand suburb of Riccarton.
Har Mar Mall is an enclosed shopping mall in Roseville, Minnesota, a suburb of the Twin Cities.
MY MALL Limassol [1] is a recent addition in the architecture of Cyprus.
As of 2016, ShoppingTown Mall is owned and managed by Moonbeam Capital Investments LLC.
The 675,000 ft² plaza opened in 1978 and included two anchors, Sears and Kmart, at opposite ends of the mall.
The Montreal Eaton Centre is a shopping mall located in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.
The mall was purchased in 2002 by discount retailer Target Corporation, who replaced the majority of the complex with a Target store.
Planning permission was granted in 2014 for Charter Place to be integrated with Intu Watford and expanded, to include a 9-screen IMAX cinema.
Currently, the mall features more than 100 specialty stores, and is anchored by the aforementioned Dillard's stores, J.C. Penney and Sears.
It also has a 10-screen United Artists cinema outside the mall.
Opened in 1971 and renovated twice, in 1987 and 2008/2009, Cordova Mall comprises 861,000 square feet of commercial property, with eight anchor stores.
Construction is scheduled to start at the end of 2017 and finish at the end of 2019.
The original owner was Land Securities plc.
It has three outlets and is building a fourth near the railway station.
It is the first mall opened in Armenia.
Located north of Downtown Seattle, University Village is an open-air lifestyle shopping center which offers restaurants, locally owned boutiques, and signature national retailers.
It is located on Kensington High Street.
Located in the Brigadeiro Faria Lima Avenue, in the Jardins neighbourhood, the shopping mall was opened in November 28, 1966.
A major attraction at the mall is the multiplex, PVR.
Major retailers include Best Buy, DSW, Inc., Kirkland's, PetSmart, Stein Mart, Fresh Market, and Furniture Kidz.
It is the closest seaside town to Canberra, making Batemans Bay a popular holiday destination for residents of Australia's National Capital.
Westgate Mall is located at the intersection of Routes 24 and 27 in Brockton and accessible via the Brockton Area Transit Authority.
Patrick Henry Mall is a shopping mall in Newport News, Virginia.
The mall is currently anchored by Nordstrom, Bloomingdale's, J.C. Penney, Macy's, and AMC Aventura 24 Theatres.
It is named "Rogue Valley" because it lies in the Rogue Valley in southwestern Oregon.
It stood vacant for over 30 years, more than twice as long as it was in business.
The mall has a gross leasable area of 890,000 sq ft.
McCrory 5 and 10 and McCain Mall Cinema I and II.
Bishop Jerome Nagar is one of the main centres for shopping and related activities in Kollam city.
Back then, it mirrored a typical rural town in Ontario, such as by including a stable with live horses.
San Rafael, San Pablo, Laguna and has a gross floor area of 69,968 sq.m.
Opened in 1970, the mall is 1,272,397 square feet of leasable area.
A 12-screen movie theater owned by the Landmark Theatres company opened at the mall in 2007, which serves as the flagship location for the company.
Gwent Square was the first area to be constructed.
Anchored by Bon Ton, Best Buy, JCPenney, Macy's, and Sears, the mall features over 140 tenants, a food court and several ancillary restaurant/retail pad sites.
As of 2017, the existing space where Sears used to be is being renovated for the retail store Harbor Freight Tools.
The shoppingcenter opened in 1994 and has been expanded several times, first in 2008.
Anchor stores include Pat Catan's, and two Carson's stores.
The East Office Tower of the Great World City houses the Embassy of Kazakhstan on the 9th floor of the building.
Mesa Riverview is an outdoor shopping mall in Mesa, Arizona located in the northwestern corner of the city near Loop 202 and Dobson Road.
Woodbury Common Premium Outlets is an outlet center located in Central Valley, New York.
While its mailing address is Akron, the mall is located in Fairlawn.
Stores found at Highland Village include Anthropologie, Crate & Barrel, Pottery Barn, and Williams-Sonoma.
In early 2006, Vornado purchased the mall for an additional $80 million along with plans to redevelop.
The first property built by The Hahn Company, La Cumbre Plaza opened in 1967 and was purchased by Macerich in 2004.
It is owned by Empresas Fonalledas and it is the largest mall in southern Puerto Rico.
Following a major renovation in 2007, the mall features a large food court, full service restaurants, several eateries, and merchandise for the urbanized market.
It has undergone several renovations throughout its history to remain a competitive shopping mall in the DFW metroplex.
Hillside Village is a 615,000-square-foot open-air regional shopping mall in Cedar Hill, Texas, a suburb of Dallas.
The main shopping area was closed during demolition and construction.
This mall has two anchor stores: JCPenney and Dillard's.
The Centre at Glen Burnie is a regional partially enclosed shopping mall located in Glen Burnie, Maryland.
Its main anchor stores include JCPenney, Macy's Men's & Home Store, Macy's Women's, and Sears.
Somersville Towne Center is a regional shopping mall located in Antioch, California.
Victoria is in the top twenty of world cities for quality-of-life, according to Numbeo.
The Promenade Shopping Centre is a large regional shopping centre located in the area of Thornhill, Ontario, Canada.
It also contains several eateries, and a small food court.
The hotel will begin its operation in 2007.
Experts consider this as a top league deal which has been made in real estate history in India.
One of the original anchor stores was W.T.
Buses and water taxis operated by Disney Transport provide transportation between Disney Springs and other areas of Walt Disney World.
Nampa Gateway Center is a 850,000 sq ft lifestyle center located in Nampa, Idaho, United States.
The property's southern part was redone in 1998 and is still open.
It includes a supermarket, a pharmacy, and some small restaurants.
It is located on the junction of Routes 135 and 166, as well as intersection of Cook Street, and Miller Street.
The new mall directed traffic away for the Karcher Mall and several retailers, including 20-year-old anchor JCPenney, departed the mall to move to Boise.
Ballston Common Mall, which originally opened as Parkington Shopping Center in 1951, was one of the first major suburban shopping centers in the Washington D.C. area.
It is located on the eastern side of the Pittsburgh metroplex on the heavily traveled U.S. Route 30 corridor.
It is owned and managed by Jones Lang Lasalle.
The centre's major tenants include Coles, Target, Kmart, Woolworths, David Jones and a Toys "R" Us.
A pyramid-shaped roof was added in the 1990s and provides the distinguishing architectural feature of Sandton City.
The mall also houses the 15,000 sq ft Premiere Cinema 10.
Edgewater Mall is an enclosed shopping mall in Biloxi, Mississippi.
The mall's current anchors are JCPenney, Herberger's, AMC Theatres and Macy's.
A fire broke out at Oberon Mall on May 2017 but no severe damage was reported
It is one mile away from the University of North Florida.
With a gross leasable area of 1,238,000 square feet, the mall is classified as a super-regional mall by the International Council of Shopping Centers.
It is located near the Metro Center station of the Washington Metro system.
The centre is located in Wagga's CBD with the main entrance on Baylis Street, with other entrances from Forsyth Street, Morgan Street and the underground carpark.
There is also a food court service offered at the Cherry Lane Shopping Centre.
It is owned and managed by Stockland, a property developer.
In June 2014, First Capital announced that the Zellers store would close and be replaced by another, yet to be identified, retailer.
Hamilton Place is considered a sister property to Northgate Mall, located in nearby Hixson.
The 3-storey mall lies within a 4-hectare space of the 10-hectare commercial complex.
Traditionally, the steps of the Royal Exchange is the place where Royal Proclamations are read out by either a herald or a crier.
The mall, located at the intersection of I-55/I-69 and Church Road, began construction in January 2015 and opened in November 2015.
Sears closed permanently on March 26, 2017
Nordstan is a shopping centre in Gothenburg, Sweden.
The old Higbee's structure was demolished and replaced with a new Walmart in 2004.
The mall opened in 1975, and currently has over 120 retail establishments.
Subang Parade was constructed between 1987 and 1988.
The Shopping City Süd is a shopping centre located in Vösendorf and Wiener Neudorf, south of Vienna, Austria.
The market is also the main wholesale center of dried fish and prawns for mainly domestic markets.
Cathay Cineleisure Orchard is an urban mall located at 8 Grange Road, Singapore.
It was originally known as Town & Country Mall, competing with the then upscale West Oaks Mall and neighboring Memorial City Mall.
An additional vacant anchor was previously a Macy's, which closed in 2017.
The combined scheme has 93,000 m2 of retail floor space for 120 stores anchored by the flagship Marks & Spencer and Topshop/Topman stores.
By the number of stores, it is the largest mall in Richmond with 250 stores and services; it is the second largest in terms of area.
The mall is adjacent to the Newark campus of Ohlone College and Newark Memorial High School.
In January 2015, the former JCPenney anchor store's impending closure was announced as part of a plan to close 39 under-performing stores nationwide.
In addition, the site has 700,000 square feet of office space.
Leisure Park Kallang is an entertainment centre cum shopping mall in central Singapore.
Ro's Torv is a shopping centre in central Roskilde, Denmark.
The subsequent owner is 151 Property, a subsidiary of The Blackstone Group while JLL is responsible for management of the centre.
Eastland Mall is an enclosed shopping mall in Columbus, Ohio.
The site also includes an open-air carpark and an indoor carpark.
The centre had originally included an Odeon Cinema when it opened, however this closed in 1977 following a screening of Gone with the Wind.
The Aleksanterinkatu 7b and Kluuvikatu 7 buildings were designed by Castren-Jauhiainen-Nuuttila as supplementary buildings for the city block.
The Shops at North Bridge, once known as Westfield North Bridge, is an upscale, urban retail-entertainment district in Chicago, Illinois, located at 520 N. Michigan Avenue.
Both Eason and Heatons are situated on multiple storeys.
Westland mall also includes eateries such as Fuddrucker's, Chili's, Manchu Wok, McDonald's, Edy's, and more.
This applied to the entire mall and is strictly enforced.
Completed by 1957, it was one of the first large-scale strip complexes in the Downriver Detroit suburbs prior to the 1970 opening of Southland Center.
The centre has to live up to 684 criteria in order to keep this labelling, which is controlled by extern and independent quality people.
The mall previously included Macy's, Dillard's and Sears as anchor stores, all three of which are now vacant, resulting in a "dead mall".
Developed and owned by Majid al-Futtaim Properties, it opened in November 2005 and is located at interchange four on Sheikh Zayed road.
A strip mall development named Century Plaza now occupies the land and some of the former anchor store buildings.
First opened in 1965, it is Christchurch's oldest shopping mall.
Whilst the target of many architectural critics, the building is notable for its massive glass roof, which makes it the largest glass-covered enclosed area in Europe.
Last April 2015, ALI bought a minority stake in Malaysian property developer MCT Bhd.
Cielo Vista Mall is a shopping mall in El Paso, Texas, owned and operated by Simon Property Group.
There is also a landscaped themed rooftop garden together with a wet and dry playground on the topmost floor on level 3.
Valle Vista Mall is a regional shopping mall located in Harlingen, Texas, off Interstate 2 at the intersection of Dixieland Road and Tyler Avenue.
Dort Mall is a shopping mall located in Flint, Michigan.
This reputation and changing financial climate caused a delay in 2006 as contractors feared not getting paid.
The mall has a gross leasable area of 1,345,000 square feet.
Brent Cross is best known for its shopping centre and the proposed Brent Cross Cricklewood development.
Cobb Center Mall was a shopping mall in Smyrna, Georgia, United States.
Built in 1988, it covers an area of 981,000 sq ft, and is currently the only regional mall in Southern Maryland.
West Town Mall is located along Interstates 40/75 and Kingston Pike.
Harlem Irving Plaza is an enclosed mall located in Norridge, Illinois, a suburb of Chicago.
Legends, which opened in 2008, was the 2008–2009 title sponsor of the PGA Tour’s Reno-Tahoe Open at Montrêux Golf & County Club.
Parkway Place is located at the site of the older Parkway City Mall, which was torn down to allow for the construction of the newer facility.
Crew, Coldwater Creek, White House Black Market, Pendleton, J. Jill, and Johnston & Murphy.
The mall has over 65 stores and is anchored by Bon-Ton and Sears.
It was developed and is managed by Forest City Ratner Companies, Forest City's New York subsidiary.
Mall at Barnes Crossing is a super regional shopping mall located northeast of downtown Tupelo, Mississippi.
Because of this, Iso Omena includes many centralised municipal and private services.
In addition there is a food court with eighteen fast food eateries, as well as several chains and other restaurants at the mall's entrance.
It is located in the Lehigh Valley.
Each of the two intends to appear to be a public space, but is private property and is protected as such.
In 2006, several new stores opened at the mall, although most were local retailers.
The mall's original anchors included Burdines, Dillard's, J.C. Penney, and Lord & Taylor.
The malls main anchors are Best Buy, The Bon-Ton, Gander Mountain, Dick's Sporting Goods, Sears, and JCPenney.
Opened in 1970, it is also the largest shopping center in the city.
Anchor stores include Dillard's, JCPenney, Macy's, and Sears, with Dick's Sporting Goods and Steve & Barry's added in late 2007, although the latter closed in 2009.
A General Cinema movie theater was added in 1968, was divided into two screens in 1975, and closed in 1983.
Glenbrook Square features five anchors: Barnes & Noble, Carson's, JCPenney, Macy's and Sears.
The property is now owned by McKinley.
Stanford Shopping Center is an upscale open air shopping mall located on Route 82 at Sand Hill Road in Palo Alto, California.
It was built in 1979 by Trizec Corporation, and is located downtown at Portage and Main with 45 stores and restaurants.
The Pinnacle is a 240-acre shopping center and commercial development located in Bristol, Tennessee.
The mall is managed by City Supermarket, Inc. under the CSI Group of Companies that is based in Dagupan City, Pangasinan, Philippines.
It is one of Majid Al Futtaim's Group mall chains and is similar in size and layout to the Mall of the Emirates in Dubai .
The land operated as a brewery from 1967-1999, and as a high-capacity outdoor concert venue from 1987-2005.
Edgewood Mall is a regional shopping mall located in McComb, Mississippi.
It is a venture investment by developer and former owner Mills Corporation that offers many retail stores and entertainment attractions.
The mall is often mistaken as a filming location for the 1976 movie., Logan's Run.
It is located in Dooradoyle, on the southern outskirts of the city.
As of February 2017, ground has been broken at the Rich Street site, and the name of the site is currently Two25 on Columbus Commons.
The centre and the adjoining shops on Wood Green High Road constitute the commercial hub of Haringey and its surrounding areas.
Santa Rosa Mall is a shopping mall in Bayamón, Puerto Rico.
Formerly the centre of the banking industry in Patna it has become progressively dominated by expensive shops.
Myyrmanni is a shopping center located at the Myyrmäki suburb of Vantaa, Finland.
Forrestal Village is a 720,000-square-foot, 52-acre mixed-use retail and office complex in Plainsboro Township, Middlesex County, New Jersey, along Route 1.
Santa Fe Place is an enclosed shopping center in Santa Fe, New Mexico.
Glenn Square is a 250,000 square foot power center located on a 25-acre parcel in the Mountain View neighborhood of Anchorage, Alaska, United States.
At the time of the takeover by the note holder, the mall was performing very poorly.
The mall is 1 million square feet and is owned by WP Glimcher.
It is adjacent to The Grove outdoor shopping mall; an electric-powered streetcar runs between the two sites.
Park Place Mall or Park Place Shopping Centre, is a shopping mall in Lethbridge, Alberta, Canada.
All of the large wrap around staircases found throughout the mall were also removed in the 2005 renovation.
The original anchors were Hutzler's and Stewart's although Stewart's became Caldor in 1983.
Moreover, none of the stores I visited accepted foreign credit cards.
Batemans Bay is also a popular retiree haven, but has begun to attract young families seeking affordable housing and a relaxed seaside lifestyle.
The mall is popular with families, teenagers and young adults.
It is the second shopping mall in Kollam Metropolitan Area.
The Grand Teton Mall is a shopping mall located in Idaho Falls, Idaho that opened in 1984.
The mall is divided into six squares, which are the Venezuela Plaza, Colombia Plaza, Ecuador Plaza, Peru Plaza, France Plaza, and Italy Plaza.
Opened in 1975, the mall originally included four anchor stores and more than one hundred tenants, but lost three of those anchors in the mid-2000s.
Dining options include Applebee's, Noodles & Company, Chipotle, and Leeann Chin.
Indian River Mall is an enclosed shopping mall in Vero Beach, Florida.
It was one of a slew of malls to sprout along the I-495 corridor from the mid-1980s to the mid-1990s.
According to OC Letňany's marketing manager, over 10 million customers visited the shopping centre in 2008.
The Bergen Mall was designed by John Graham of New York City.
Built in 1982, the mall features Dunham's Sports, Sears, and Belk as its anchor stores.
The Sello is separated into three parts: the oldest part, the second part and the newest part.
Another notable feature of Garden City is the Town Square, which is an outdoor dining area featuring coffee shops, restaurants and an Event cinemas complex.
Iso Omena is a shopping centre in Matinkylä, Espoo, Finland, opened on September 24, 2001.
Eastern Shore Centre is a 540,000-square-foot lifestyle center located in Spanish Fort, a suburb of Mobile, Alabama, at the intersection of Malbis Parkway and Interstate 10.
Steele's was added in 2011 as another anchor.
In addition to numerous available parking spaces, the center also has two parking garages, one two stories tall, whereas the other has three.
Imperial Valley Mall is an enclosed shopping mall in El Centro, California.
The Westfield Group acquired the shopping center in 2003, and renamed it "Westfield Shoppingtown Louis Joliet", dropping the "Shoppingtown" name in June 2005.
Muskegon Mall was an enclosed shopping mall in downtown Muskegon, Michigan.
It comprises two adjacent shopping centres, the grade II listed building thecentre:mk which opened in 1979, and intu Milton Keynes opened in 2000.
By 1985, Toys "R" Us was added.
Tampines 1 is a shopping mall in the east of Singapore located beside the Tampines.
Field & Stream has also opened at Asheville Outlets.
Galerías Pacífico is a shopping centre in Buenos Aires, Argentina, located at the intersection of Florida Street and Córdoba Avenue.
A small part of the centre lies above the railway line between Tunbridge Wells and High Brooms stations.
Robinson Town Centre is an expansive, open-air power center located near The Mall at Robinson in Robinson Township, Pennsylvania.
It is the main shopping centre in the town, with over 40 shops, including Primark, Next, HMV, Waterstone's, W H Smith, Topshop and Tesco Express.
It includes over 26 stores and services.
The mall was proposed to open in the fall of 2009, however plans were put on hold because of the economic recession of 2008.
South Hill Mall is an enclosed, super-regional shopping mall located in Puyallup, Washington, United States.
It has now become a tourist destination as celebrities, such as Kim Kardashian, are frequently seen at the high-end shopping center.
Opened in 1973, the mall has more than 68 tenants, including Boston Store, Kohl's, and Sears as anchor stores.
The Courtyard Shopping Centre is a retail complex in County Donegal, Ireland.
It opened in 1968, two years before the larger Genesee Valley Center on the other side of the Flint metropolitan area.
As of March 2017, the Cineplex concession area is currently undergoing renovations.
Miracle Marketplace is a shopping mall in Miami, United States, which opened in March 1989.
Winrock Shopping Center was a shopping mall located in Albuquerque, New Mexico, United States.
The Merrion Centre in Leeds, England, is a shopping centre opened in 1964.
Foothills Mall features over 90 stores and outlets for consumers and/or tourists, along with 8 restaurants and the AMC Theatres Foothills 15.
Raghuleela is a mall situated in Kandivali, a suburb in Mumbai.
The Toronto Eaton Centre is a shopping mall and office complex located in the downtown core of Toronto, Ontario, Canada.
HiLITE Mall is located in Palazhi bypass junction on the National Highway 66 bypass where the bypass meets Pottammal - Palazhi road.
It has approximately 279,000 sq ft of retail space with over 80 retail outlets.
At 2,093,006 square feet, the Lakewood Center is ranked among the largest retail shopping malls by gross leasable area in the United States.
Everett Mall is a 673,000-square-foot indoor/outdoor shopping mall located in Everett, Washington, USA.
Galeries d'Anjou also has stores around its parking lot including Best Buy and Rona l'entrepot
The Dennis department store was opened on RenMin Road on 16 November 1997 and on 27 June 1998 the first Hypermart was opened.
JPRA served as the design architect for the centre, with Bregman + Hamann Architects as the project architect.
Glenrothes bus station is located next to the southeast end of the centre.
The mall opened in stages over a period of several years.
Shortly after this event, the facility underwent a redevelopment by the owner adding 18,000 sq ft.
The Upper Level houses the centre's food court as well as retail outlets.
Dragon Centre is a nine-storey shopping centre in the Sham Shui Po area of Kowloon, Hong Kong.
The second phase of the shopping centre, opened on 22 October 2009, when the first 58 of its 88 stores opened for business.
The mall opened on July 31, 2014.
In 2016, MoneySense rated Oakville as the third best place to live in Canada.
The Mall is centrally air-conditioned & amongst the amenities are 12 imported escalators with 2 beautiful capsule lifts.
The mall is part of an integrated development which includes a hotel and an office tower.
Bayinnaung Market, located in northwestern Yangon, is the largest agricultural commodities trading market in Myanmar.
It has more than 150 stores, on 60,000 m² of building space.
The mall is located on Oleander Drive and Independence Blvd east of downtown Wilmington.
From 2011 to 2012, the mall underwent renovations after a change in the management.
After Tiffany's closed in 1998, it became a Borders Books & Music, which closed in 2011 and was rumored to become an H&M.
the pulse is a six storey, 167,000-square-foot shopping mall located on Beach Road in Repulse Bay, Hong Kong.
A major portion of the upper shopping centre floors also host one of the three Simon Fraser University campuses.
The Visalia Mall is an enclosed shopping mall located in Visalia, California.
They include a medical clinic, a dental clinic, daycare centre, a movie theatre, restaurants and many small independent businesses.
It opened on 5 September 1997 with the final development costs close to NZ$50 million.
Due in part to its proximity to the Johor-Singapore Causeway, City Square attracts many shoppers from Singapore.
It is owned by Koronadal Commercial Corporation with their headquarters at General Santos City.
However, a Red Robin restaurant opened in the fall of 2014 in the mall's east-side parking lot.
There is an additional outdoor strip center called the Lehigh Valley Convenience Center on the east side of the lot housing Babies "R" Us.
Opened in 1970, it lost three anchors in the 2010s: Sears, JCPenney, and Macy's.
Square in front of BBI Center is an ideal opportunity to rest in the open, because it is fully equipped with benches, flower pots, lighting, fountains).
Its original name, Red Bird Mall, came from the Red Bird area of Dallas in which it is located.
It is located at GT Jallandhar bypass road, in Ludhiana, Punjab.
Paradise Valley Mall is a shopping mall located in Paradise Valley Village, within northeastern Phoenix, Arizona.
Rolling Oaks Mall is a regional shopping mall located in northeast San Antonio, Texas, at the intersection of Loop 1604 and Nacogdoches Road.
These units existed as standalone stores and have been expanded and remodelled into Trinity Leeds.
The mall was resold in October 2014 to GYP Properties.
Ashley Park is a regional lifestyle center in Newnan, Georgia, United States.
Independence Center is the second largest mall in the KC Metro Area, behind Oak Park Mall.
The Plaza has space for over 100 stores.
It is SM Prime's second supermall in the city, after SM Megacenter Cabanatuan.
However, as the crosstown rival Franklin Mall was expanded and completely remodeled, Washington Mall was severely affected by this.
Woolco has since been acquired by Wal-Mart in 1994 and Dominion by Provigo in 1983.
Stix Baer & Fuller was replaced by Dillard's in 1984.
The name comes from the simultaneous construction of the adjacent home of the press for the Summer Olympics in 1972.
A playground was planned on the grounds of the centre in 2013.
The mall and its accompanying complex, the Brass Mill Commons, cost $160 million to build.
Its anchor tenant at nearly 200,000 ft² is the largest House of Fraser that the retailer has opened in the UK.
It contains four major department store anchors, and a total of 74 tenants comprising a total of approximately 512,000 square feet of gross leasable area.
The original Dillard's became a Women's Store.
Opened in 1975, the mall features a food court and more than 100 tenants, including JCPenney and Sears.
West 7th is a shopping, dining and entertainment destination situated in the West Seventh Street District of Fort Worth, Texas near Montgomery Plaza.
Until July 31, 2013, it hosted an NHL-sized ice arena.
The mall has a gross leasable area of 1,232,000 ft².
Smith Haven Mall is a shopping mall located in Lake Grove, New York and is the main mall for the "Mid Island" area of Long Island.
It was opened in 1994, and is owned by Ayala Malls.
Original anchors were Lansburgh's, Garfinckel's, J.C. Penney, and Montgomery Ward.
It is a small regional mall, with a gross leasable area of 518,246 square feet.
Forum 303 Mall was a shopping mall built at Pioneer Parkway and SH 360 in Arlington, Texas in the Mid-Cities between Fort Worth and Dallas.
Shaw House and Shaw Centre is a complex of two neighbouring buildings built by the same developer, Shaw Organisation.
Opened in 2005, the construction was based on an uncompleted hunger circus abandoned after the fall of the Communist system.
Eastbound the route runs all the way to Wando High School.
The mall is managed by Steve Kempe as of July 2016.
Phoenix Market City is a shopping mall developed by Phoenix Mills Limited located in Chennai, Tamil Nadu, India.
The mall is managed by CBRE Group.
It also serves as a headquarters for the NBA where the association hosts charity events.
It is located at the intersection of West 41st Avenue and Cambie Street.
As of November 16, 2006, 50% of the retail space had been leased.
Although the two malls co-existed for several years, Rhode Island Mall began to lose stores once G. Fox, one of its anchor stores, closed in 1994.
Branches of many popular high street stores have an outlet at the park.
It is owned by Pacific Infinity Company Incorporated.
It is located at Zakaki, a small town to the west of Limassol city.
The mall's new food court is going to be called "Savor Westchester" and will feature new eateries that are mainly Manhattan-Based chains.
From 2009 to 2011, it underwent a US$4.2 million renovation funded by the French Development Agency.
Residents can attend Poetry on the Patio during the summer.
The mall has a gross leasable area of 966,499 square feet and 150 stores.
It opened as an open-air shopping center in 1954, and was converted to an enclosed mall in 1975.
Other major tenants include Barnes & Noble, Cost Plus World Market, and a movie theater.
The mall has 4 anchors and 100 stores on 2 floors.
Omni Park's three main anchors are Penneys, Tesco Ireland and New Look.
The retail area – having a total of 9 stories.
AMK Hub is a suburban shopping mall located in Ang Mo Kio, within the North-East Region of Singapore.
It borders on Rideau Street the ByWard Market, the Rideau Canal, the Mackenzie King Bridge, and Nicholas Street in Downtown Ottawa.
It continues to be anchored by two of its original major retailers Sears, and JCPenney, as well as a Century Theatres that opened in 2008.
The mall is located near the Garden State Parkway at exit 105 and NJ 18 near the former location of the Eatontown Circle.
Towson Town Center is a large indoor shopping mall located in Towson, Maryland.
Current major stores include Burlington, Macy's, and Sears.
It is served by a Washington Metro station, Prince George's Plaza, which shares the mall's former name.
SM City Bacolod is the 29th supermall of SM Prime Holdings and the 3rd in the Visayas region.
One section of the mall, Seoul Plaza, previously included Korean shops and restaurants, however most of these establishments had closed by 2010.
It sits on the site of a flooded area near Brush Creek.
Market Gates is a shopping centre based in Great Yarmouth, Norfolk.
After an unsuccessful first auction, the mall was ultimately purchased by a family-owned real estate investment group, Sunstar Keshav LLC at a second online auction.
Dalma Garden Mall is an enclosed shopping mall located near the Tsitsernakaberd hill in the Armenian capital Yerevan.
The mall is owned and operated by Oxford Properties.
It is located at the intersection of Candler Road and Interstate 20 in the Panthersville CDP of DeKalb County, Georgia.
The centre is surrounded by The Headrow to the south, Albion Street to the west and Merrion Street to the north.
It is anchored by Boscov's, Kohl's, and Michaels.
Marie International Bridge to the United States.
It houses over 60 shops, cafes and restaurants as well as three car parks, two being multi-storey.
In recent years, many businesses located in the mall either closed or moved to outside locations.
It was opened in 2010 and is located in the suburb of Kandivali.
Eastern Hills Mall is a shopping mall located at the western border of the Town of Clarence in Erie County, New York, United States.
It is linked to St Georges Terrace by way of access through Trinity Arcade and an arcade under the Hay Street Mall.
It is owned and operated by The Macerich Company and is adjacent to State Route 99.
The mall includes over 70 stores and services, and a food court.
The expansion, intended to aid in the revitalization of New Rochelle's downtown, was scheduled for completion in 1991.
It currently features more than 50 stores, with JCPenney, Belk, Dick's Sporting Goods, and Target serving as anchor stores.
It is one of the largest shopping malls in Bosnia and Herzegovina, stretching to 43,000 square meters.
Today, the mall houses up to 160 shops and five anchor stores.
The 14,000 sq m development was opened in 1999, and includes restaurants, bars, cafes and shops.
The food court, which operated from 1994 to 2011, was the only part of the general mall on the second level.
Anchor stores for the property are Marshalls, PetSmart, Jo-Ann Etc., Best Buy, and Gardner White.
Greengate Centre is an expansive open-air power center in Hempfield Township, Pennsylvania, United States.
The mall was delayed for number of reasons at local level.
University Village is an upscale shopping mall in Seattle, Washington, built at the south corner of Ravenna neighborhood.
The Mall is promoted by one of the India's largest realty firm, the Prestige Group as a joint venture with Thomsun Realtors.
It was located between Montclair Road and Crestwood Boulevard, adjacent to I-20, between Mountain Brook and Irondale.
Before the mall was planned, the land was to be the site of a domed baseball stadium proposed by then Brooklyn Dodgers owner Walter O'Malley.
The original anchors were Bealls, Sears, and O. G. Wilson Catalog Showroom, owned by Zale Corporation.
The mall's most prominent past anchors are Steinberg, Miracle Mart/M, Eaton, Holt Renfrew and Les Ailes de la Mode.
The mall is anchored by J.C. Penney, Macy's, Kohl's and Sears.
Mermaid Quay is a waterfront shopping and leisure district in Cardiff Bay, Cardiff, Wales.
It has an area of 270,000 m².
Public transport is close, with entrances in the west leading directly to the Kista metro station.
The retail portion of the mixed-use project opened on November 1, 2007.
Because of this, Pittsburgh Mills is currently the only Mills-branded mall that is neither owned or managed by Simon in the United States.
In 2008, the mall started to undergo a multimillion-dollar facelift.
New parks were created at the same time along the Chicago River.
The mall is the largest mall on the Northshore of Lake Pontchartrain, fifth largest in the New Orleans area and the 11th largest in Louisiana.
It is located on the corner of Dort Highway, from which the mall takes it name, and Atherton Road.
1Borneo is just 7 km away from Kota Kinabalu City and about 13 km away from Kota Kinabalu International Airport.
The Centre at Salisbury is an 862,000-square-foot super regional mall owned by Rouse Properties in Salisbury, Maryland.
Much of the site was in use as a railway depot excavated to a lower level and built over.
As of October 2006 there are two Macy's located at the mall, Macy's at Tuttle Crossing and Macy's at Hayden Run until March 2017.
The center opened in 2007 and it is owned by Birmingham, Alabama-based Bayer Properties.
Abercorn Common is a 180,000-square-foot shopping center in Savannah, Georgia.
The mall features more than 160 shops in total.
It was developed by Ivanhoé Cambridge, a major Canadian real estate company.
Combined, there are 32 kilometres' worth of tunnels over twelve square kilometres of the most densely populated part of Montreal.
The mall was developed, and is managed by, The Taubman Company.
In 2008, the Westcliff Group purchased the property from Cadillac Fairview.
It opened in 1964 as an open-air shopping center and the first shopping mall in Columbus.
The following year, the property was sold by its owner Sponda Oyj to the Dutch company Wereldhave NV.
The centre also hosts numerous promotional events at Christmas and throughout the year.
At the time of its closing in 2017, occupancy was down to 11 stores.
in the south central part of Charlotte.
It sits at the entrance of Petaling Jaya and Kuala Lumpur.
The mall has a gross leasable area of 849,206 square feet and 109 stores, classifying it as super-regional according to the International Council of Shopping Centers.
Besides Green Bazaar, which is a natural anchor tenant, a large Mercator supermarket is the largest tenant.
It is Northern Ireland's third largest shopping centre after Victoria Square and Foyleside in Derry and has approximately 16 million visits a year.
It contains 160 stores, four of which are anchor tenants: Dillard's, JCPenney, Macy's, and Sears.
The Outlets at Sands Bethlehem comprises 133,000 sq ft of retail space.
A new one-story Target store was constructed on the property over the site of a former Barnes & Noble bookstore and restaurant, opening in October 2012.
Its main axes of walkways generally parallel Yonge Street and Bay Street.
It will be replaced by a new multi-story open-air outlet center to be named The Outlet Shoppes at Laredo set to be opened in 2015.
Its anchor stores are Boston Store, J. C. Penney, and Sears.
Mecca Mall is a shopping mall in Amman, Jordan.
The mall is in Clayton County and its trade area includes Henry County, one of the fastest-growing areas in Georgia.
The growing congestion and outward urban expansion of the Metropolitan Manila Area has led to rapid development of the city.
Until September 2013, the shopping centre was known as Epping Plaza.
It is the third SM Supermall in Parañaque after SM City Sucat and SM City Bicutan.
The highest-profile tenant of the center is the Newport Aquarium.
It's anchors include Belk, Dillard's, JCPenney, Macy's, and Sears.
It is to be succeeded in the following year by another SM Supermall also in Rizal, SM City San Mateo.
It is located along heavily traveled U.S. Route 22 Business near the junction of Interstate 376 and the Monroeville interchange of the Pennsylvania Turnpike.
In October 2016 the Virginia Beach City Council rejected plans for an oceanfront arena.
It is the fourth largest shopping centre in Western Australia, with several major retailers and approximately 227 specialty retailers.
In 2000, the mall was given a new white marble exterior and its name was changed from Clifton Country Mall to Clifton Park Center.
More than 100 shops occupy its four floors.
Woodgrove is co-owned and managed by Ivanhoé Cambridge, a Canadian-based global property developer.
The centre completed an expansion in 2005 and contains 245 stores and 8 cinemas.
The mall is anchored by Macy's, J. C. Penney, and Target Greatland.
The mall is located just off Interstate 20 and Interstate 77 on Two Notch Road in Columbia, South Carolina.
It was built during the 1960s by the architects Russell Diplock & Associates, obscuring several streets.
Kalča is a large shopping center in the City of Niš.
It is currently owned by Urban Retail Properties.
YTL decided to do away with the anchor tenant-based business model and transform Starhill into a luxury brand retail centre.
It is one of the largest malls in the country, covering a space 52,000 square meters.
It is located near the intersection of US 75 and President George Bush Turnpike.
In 2006 Metreon was sold to Westfield, a mall developer, and it was refashioned as a food-oriented mall.
Key tenants as of 2014 include one of two Burlington Coat Factory stores in the state, and offices of the City of Jackson.
Metro North Mall was a 1.3 million square foot mall located at 400 NW Barry Road, in Kansas City North, Missouri.
The location surrounds the area from Blue Parkway to 50th Terrace on the North/South and 4001 Blue Parkway to Elmwood Avenue on the West/East.
It is currently owned and operated by General Growth Properties and anchored by JCPenney, Macy's, Nordstrom and Sears.
It also contains over 150 specialty stores.
The mall is in La Castellana in the Chacao area of Caracas.
Westfield Eastgardens is an Australian shopping centre in the Sydney suburb of Eastgardens.
However, the two-acre park in the center of the complex is entirely public property.
Construction of the center began in 2007 and by the summer of 2015, it had been developed to roughly 98% capacity.
Susquehanna Valley Mall is a shopping mall outside of Selinsgrove, Pennsylvania on US 11/US 15.
It also includes more than thirty other tenants.
Lebanon Valley Mall is a shopping mall located on the north side of U.S. Route 422 just west of Lebanon, Pennsylvania.
Stuyvesant Plaza is a major shopping plaza and office complex in the U.S. state of New York's Capital District.
Central Rama 2 can support people from the Thonburi, Jomthong, and Bangkhuntien areas.
Cross County Shopping Center abuts the smaller Mall at Cross County.
At times musicians perform and there are sometimes alligator and other animal shows.
The centre is located on a 50-acre site, containing over 175 stores.
It has eight stories containing shops catering to the various needs of customers.
Plaza del Sol is anchored by Bed Bath & Beyond, Caribbean Cinemas, Walmart, H&M, Dave & Buster's and Home Depot.
There is a built-in multi-storey car park with an entrance into the centre along with a 3 tier car park beneath.
To the south is the Shaikh Khalifa Bin Salman Highway.
Iulius Mall Cluj is a shopping mall in Cluj-Napoca, Romania, and was opened on 10 November 2007.
Notable fast-food chains include: Pizza Hut and Taco Bell, which have independent outlets on the outskirts of the mall.
Oak Hollow Mall was a regional shopping mall which had over 80 working stores.
Today owned and managed by General Growth Properties, the mall has over 200 stores and 4 anchor stores including Dillard's, Macy's, Nordstrom, and Von Maur.
Eastland Mall is an enclosed shopping mall in Bloomington, Illinois.
The mall is managed by Jones Lang LaSalle.
The shopping center opened in 2003 after controversy over its location.
The CTA has pulled out of the project and the current economic climate has stalled the project.
It opened in November 2014  and is adjacent to the popular Johor Bahru City Square.
The shopping complex houses a number of eateries, a museum and souvenir shop Hong Kong Trams Station.
Les Dennis described the decision as "unfortunate, but sadly unavoidable".
Asheville Outlets is a shopping mall located just off I-26 on Brevard Road in Asheville, North Carolina.
The Marlands Shopping Centre was opened on 5 September 1991.
Block 37 had been demolished in 1989 for a hotly contested redevelopment plan under the then new Chicago Mayor Richard M. Daley.
College Square is owned by Time Equities Inc and managed by Urban Retail Properties.
Gaisano Capital Mall is the first major mall in Surigao City with the gross floor area of more than 20,000 sq.
Opened in 1964, it features Sears, Kohl's, Babies "R" Us, Party City, Old Navy, and Dick's Sporting Goods as major stores.
Franklin Park Mall is a shopping mall in Toledo, Ohio.
The Mall was built on a 74-acre site located in Waterford Township, Michigan, United States.
Dixie Outlet Mall is owned by Cominar, a Canadian firm.
It is also home to one of the first locations for Showcase Cinemas' Cinema de Lux brand.
Past architectural features of the mall were a, now defunct, granite floating sphere and a wishing fountain.
The mall will be developed as part of a mixed-use retail and office project with approximately 130,000 m² of total built-up area.
In 1993 it was said to be the state's top tourist destination.
Main City Square in front of the building
It is said to be Helsinki's new downtown commercial and residential centre.
Capital Mall is a shopping mall located in Olympia, Washington.
Central to the Scarborough City Centre in the district of Scarborough, it is adjacent to the Scarborough Centre station and Scarborough Centre Bus Terminal.
Nový Smíchov is a shopping mall located west of the centre of Prague in the Czech Republic.
Starting in 2005, however, redevelopment began on the property, and customer traffic has increased.
In November 2015, the mall was appraised at $14.7 million but had a loan value of $45 million.
As part of this project the centre also received a major multi-million pound refurbishment, incorporating the centre into the new transport interchange.
Viva Home is a shopping centre located along Jalan Loke Yew in the city of Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia.
The food court hosts 16 restaurants and cafes.
A transit center is located in the malls parking lot which is served by Culver City Transit Bus routes 2, 3, 4, 6.
Its anchor tenants include Belk, Macy's, and Sears.
It is a well-known city landmark for its Texas-sized cowboy boots, created by Texas artist Bob "Daddy-O" Wade, that are located along its Loop 410 frontage.
As of spring 2017, the regional shopping center is managed by Spinoso Real Estate Group.
Abirami Mega Mall is a shopping mall located in Purasawalkam, Chennai.
In 1959 construction of the central retail area began, although considerations of its design began in 1951.
The first stage opened in March 2009 with a new food court, a multi-level carpark and 15 new specialty stores.
Anchor stores include Macy's, Boscov's, Sears, Christmas Tree Shops, L.L.Bean, Whole Foods Market, and Barnes & Noble.
Security Square Mall is a large mall in the suburbs of Baltimore, Maryland, United States.
It closed on 28 May 2016 and by 23 November had been demolished.
Simon announced in 2007 a major lifestyle redevelopment at Apple Blossom Mall including the addition of a RC Theatres 16-screen complex on the property.
Bella Terra is an outdoor shopping mall in Huntington Beach, California.
The mall was sold to Macerich in 1987, and to MacDonald Group only five months later.
The expansion includes a demolition of the then-vacated Broadway building and a Muvico 14-screen stadium seat theater and Bogarts, a full-service restaurant, built in its place.
Now, however, the number of shoppers has increased tremendously over the years.
Nordstrom is the only tenant in this mall that has a third level besides Forever 21.
Universal CityWalk are the entertainment and retail districts located adjacent to the theme parks of Universal Parks & Resorts.
The Mills Corporation has itself been in financial difficulty in the past.
MBK Center, also known as Mahboonkrong, is a large shopping mall in Bangkok, Thailand.
Stockland Townsville Kmart Centre was acquired in March 2012 and includes Kmart, Coles and 25 specialty stores.
The former name Robinsons Place Pioneer was dubbed after its location, Pioneer Street.
It is located near Interstate 95 between Smoketown Road, Telegraph Road and the Prince William Parkway.
The mall is anchored with Barnes & Noble, Herberger's, JCPenney, Macy's, and Scheels All Sports.
Showcase Mall is a shopping center on the Las Vegas Strip in Paradise, Nevada.
Instead of a large anchor store, the developers opted for multiple smaller, high-end anchors.
It is anchored by J.C. Penney, Walmart and other stores.
The development is anchored by Dillard's and Belk department stores along with a large cinema.
The retail park is the third biggest in Sweden, after Kungens Kurva and Barkarby in terms of sales, according to the Nordic Council of Shopping Centers.
Grossmont Center is an outdoor shopping mall in La Mesa, California.
Since 1998 the mall has been owned and operated by the Simon Property Group.
The building has over 200 stores at a space of approximately 1,169,038 square feet distributed in three floors.
Known predominantly for its ancient forts and palaces, WTP is known for its modern feel amidst this ancient city.
Southern Hills Mall is an enclosed regional shopping mall in Sioux City, Iowa.
Fairview Terraces is a shopping mall in Quezon City, the Philippines, owned by the Ayala Malls group.
Marina Square is a shopping mall in Singapore which opened in the late 1980s.
Managed by Cafaro Company, the mall includes more than 90 inline stores, as well as regional radio station Rock 98.3 WJLI.
The mall's anchor stores are Dillard's, JCPenney and Von Maur, a fourth anchor, vacated in March 2016.
Highfield Square was owned and operated by Crombie REIT before being sold to the city of Moncton.
Westland Mall was an 860,000-square-foot shopping center located on the west side of Columbus, Ohio, at the western intersection of U.S. Route 40 and Interstate 270.
The mall is anchored by Southern Season.
The mall's only operational stores are Carson's and Von Maur.
It is an undertaking by Property Reserve, Inc. and Taubman Centers, Inc.
The mall is connected to the near Araneta Coliseum and Gateway Mall by a footbridge.
In addition to five anchors, Glenbrook Square contains 152 stores and kiosks, along with twelve restaurants.
Demolition of the long-vacant mall began in 2006.
The mall is designed by Arquitectonica, the same company which designed SM City North EDSA, SM Mall of Asia and SM Megamall.
It has a gross floor area of 108,000 square metres.
Planet M is also a new entrant in the mobile retail business.
Presently VivoCity occupies the land where the exhibition halls used to be.
It has been built in the retail space of Bentalls department store, opened in 1935, and which retains a large store in the renovated building.
Chinatown Square is a two-story outdoor mall located in Chinatown, Chicago, a mile from the center of Chicago just North of the main Wentworth Avenue District.
of retail space, spread on seven floors.
The shopping space is spread over four levels, with PVR Cinemas located on the top floor with a total area of 250,000 sq.ft.
Gran Estación shopping mall is located in the Ciudad Salitre in Bogotá, Colombia.
Shanghai Street separates the two portions of the complex which are connected via two overhead walkways.
It has struggled with high vacancy rates throughout its existence.
Brampton Mall is a shopping mall in Brampton, Ontario, Canada.
The mall was opened in 2014, and its daily estimated visitors are 30,000 people.
The Westfield Group portion is now owned by Scentre Group.
Surrey Quays Shopping & Leisure is located in Rotherhithe, London.
The Olympia-Einkaufszentrum or Olympia shopping mall is a shopping mall opened in 1972.
Woodland Hills Mall features over 120 specialty shops and restaurants, including Aldo, Coach, the Cheesecake Factory, Michael Kors, Nine West, Sephora, Apple store, and Godiva Chocolatiers.
It also serves the Bloomsburg University of Pennsylvania, as well as several surrounding communities, such as Bloomsburg and Buckhorn, Pennsylvania.
The center features two anchor stores, which include Belk and Kroger, a park, and two luxury apartment buildings.
The mall itself is situated on just one floor, but all of the anchor stores have two floors.
The mall is estimated to have more than 135,000 gross floor area exclusive of recent expansions.
Altona Gate Shopping Centre is a sub regional shopping centre located in Altona North, Victoria, a suburb of Melbourne, Australia.
Jackson Crossing, formerly Paka Plaza, is one of two enclosed shopping malls serving the city of Jackson, Michigan.
Central Plaza Pinklao is a shopping mall on Borommaratchachonnani Road in Bangkok Noi District, Bangkok, Thailand.
It is owned by Ivanhoé Cambridge, headquartered in Montreal, Quebec.
There are also fast food restaurants and Starbucks.
In April, 2012, the Westfield sold the Metreon to Starwood Capital Group.
As of February 2008, the mall has been closed off except for Sears, and will be redeveloped.
The site is on the western edge of the city, near the border with Washington.
It is also known as Tang Leng Pa Sat Koi and Vaira Kimadam by the Singaporean Chinese and Singaporean Tamils respectively.
At its opening, it was one of seven outlet malls in the United States to have Italian clothing retailer Gucci as a tenant.
The Victoria Quarter is an upmarket shopping area in Leeds, England.
Northcote Plaza Shopping Centre is located adjacent to the All Nations Park.
It opened in 1971 and is anchored by Dillard's and Dillard's Men's Store, J.C. Penney, and Sears.
Tech savvy shoppers will love the comprehensive range of gizmos, IT gadgets and more to thrill one's imagination.
Built following construction of Highway 111, the mall is located in a suburban area south of Lake Micmac and northwest of the Micmac Parclo interchange.
Its last stores included an Old Navy, an H&M, and a David's Bridal.
The mall is managed by Gumberg Asset Management Corp.
It is located on the corner of Williamsons Road and Doncaster Road in the Doncaster Hill precinct, an ongoing planning initiative by the local Manningham council.
The mall was designed by architect Lou Resnick and developed by Jacobs, Visconsi, and Jacobs Co., of Cleveland, Ohio, the developer of Brookfield Square in Milwaukee.
Both of the buildings are separated by Clive Street and the mall lies opposite of Tekka Centre across Serangoon Road.
It is a hybrid property, containing a campus of Greenville Technical College.
The mall also houses Mumbai’s biggest two level food court.
Paseo Interlomas is a 73,965-square-metre shopping mall in the Interlomas edge city in Huixquilucan, Greater Mexico City.
In March 2015 it was purchased by Abacus Property Group and Kohlberg Kravis Roberts.
The mall sits on the site of Singapore's historic New World Amusement Park and is directly connected to Farrer Park MRT Station.
It was still in second place as of mid-2012.
The Centre's catchment population is over 3 million people.
Yorkdale is the fourth largest shopping mall in the country and has the highest sales per unit area of any mall in Canada.
It is located at 132-134 Nathan Road, at the corner with Kimberley Road.
Robinsons Place Santiago is located along National Highway, Barangay Mabini, Santiago City.
The mall is anchored by Dillard's, Macy's, JCPenney, Dick's Sporting Goods, The Crayola Experience, and Sears,
Louis Joliet Mall, formerly known as Westfield Louis Joliet Mall, is a shopping mall in Joliet, Illinois.
The Malls, Basingstoke is a shopping centre in Basingstoke, Hampshire, England built between 1978 and 1981.
The mall is managed by Mitsubishi Estate Simon Co., Ltd., a joint venture between Mitsubishi Estate and Simon Property Group.
As of 2016, major tenants besides The Fresh Market include Ann Taylor, White House Black Market, Francesca's Collection, Chico's, JoS.
Les Jardins Dorval is one of the oldest shopping centres in Quebec.
It opened in 1961 as an open-air mall anchored by J.B. White and Winn Dixie.
In 2010, the mall's owners defaulted on a loan.
Anchor tenants include Marks and Spencer, River Island, Tommy Hilfiger, Topshop, Next, H&M, Monsoon amongst many more.
These standalone retailers complement the main building, driving increased traffic to the location as a shopping destination.
The closest entrance and arterial is Central Avenue that connects the mall with San Pablo Avenue.
Anchor tenants do include Cold Storage, Koufu and Challenger.
Which included a new façade, tiling and carpeting, a new food court, valet parking and more.
The Shops at Sunset Place is serviced by the Miami Metrorail at the South Miami station.
Kokomo Town Center, formerly Kokomo Mall, is an outdoor shopping mall in Kokomo, Indiana.
In January 2017, Forbes recognized Pondok Indah Mall as one of the top five shopping malls in Jakarta.
Many shops had a location in both malls.
CBL & Associates Properties also lost their former Citadel Mall property in Charleston, South Carolina in 2013 after foreclosure.
Compared to other malls in the City of Stockholm
In 1991, Buffum's closed and the store's second level was converted into an upstairs food court.
Place Versailles is situated next to the Radisson metro station and is less than 2 km south of the Galeries d'Anjou mall.
Since 2006, Westfarms has been anchored by Nordstrom, Lord & Taylor, JCPenney, and Macy's, which is split into two anchor locations.
Its anchor stores are Dillard's, Macy's, J. C. Penney and Sears.
CityLink Mall is Singapore's first underground mall, located within the One Raffles Link development at Marina Square.
Located adjacent to Interstate 675, it's near a golf course, Wright Patterson Air Force Base, Wright State University and Nutter Center entertainment complex.
Westfield purchased the Sears building at Oakridge and two other properties in May of 2017.
In a lesser-used area of the mall stood a water fountain into which people would toss coins.
Teesside Park is a retail superstore and leisure development in Thornaby-on-Tees, built in 1988.
Fast food dining options include Subway, Sbarro, Auntie Anne's Pretzels, Asian Bistro and Tony Lukes.
Many new buildings were added as well, and it is currently a predominantly outdoor shopping center, eventually growing to approximately 772,000 square feet.
In the early 1990s, it underwent a $14 million renovation which included the addition of a new food court.
The building was originally used as a corn exchange and was previously named the Corn & Produce Exchange, and subsequently The Triangle.
The mall has a gross floor area of 388,600 square meters and is the fifth largest mall in the Philippines.
Centro San Ignacio is a Venezuelan shopping mall and office complex which opened in September 1998.
The design of the plaza and its mixed use appeal to students, faculty, and surrounding residents, making it a popular community destination.
Westfield Mission Valley, formerly Mission Valley Center, is a shopping mall in Mission Valley area of San Diego, California, owned by The Westfield Group.
It is the largest shopping center in northwestern Puerto Rico, with over 130 stores and fast food restaurants.
This is the second time Elante Mall is sold in two years.
The Mall has one of the biggest skylights in Central and Eastern Europe.
The mall was built on the previous site of the Bel Air Racetrack.
The mall is used for establishing shots of the fictional "Mall of Miami" in the Disney Channel television series Austin and Ally.
La Plaza Mall in McAllen, Texas is larger by 3,000 sq.
469 parking spaces with video surveillance are located on three underground floors.
A multi-story parking structure was added and the mall further expanded in 1995, and the mall renovated once again in 2000.
Eastview is located just off New York State Thruway Exit 45 on New York State Route 96.
Riverdale Center is still open today and has renovated and added onto it many times.
It was developed from the existing but much smaller Drummond Centre.
The Mills at Jersey Gardens, originally Jersey Gardens and later The Outlet Collection | Jersey Gardens is a two-level indoor outlet mall in Elizabeth, New Jersey.
It has 1,278,000 square feet of gross leasable area on one level.
The mall's facilities include 120 retail stores, a 10-screen cinema, a food court, a center court, and a children's play area.
The Remington Centre will aim for LEED status along with the installation of 1100 tonnes of geothermal capacity.
The shopping mall sits on land once occupied by U.S. Steel's Homestead Steel Works plant, which closed in 1986.
Route 76 on Harbison Boulevard that opened in 1990.
Because of its location in southeastern Turkey, it draws a significant number of shoppers from nearby Syria.
It was opened on 27 August 1999 as Migros Shopping Centre.
The new owners, Moonbeam Capital Investments LLC, have a history of purchasing struggling retail properties to turn them around.
The mall is owned by CBL & Associates Properties.
Opened in 1980, it is anchored by Best Buy, Dillard's, Sears, TJ Maxx, and Ulta Beauty.
The mall is located at Frazer Road, Patna.
It was converted into a prototype for J. C. Penney that same year, and then torn down in 1995 for a new Marshall Field's.
The company's main sources of revenues include rental income from mall and food courts, cinema ticket sales and amusement income from bowling and ice-skating.
Mt Ommaney Centre is located on Dandenong Road in the suburb of Mount Ommaney in the southwest of Brisbane.
It was built as a part of the Independence Square Redevelopment programme initiated by the Sri Lankan Government.
It is known to be the General Meeting Building of the Royal British Family.
The mall also includes six anchor stores, as well as Old Navy.
The Orient food hall is themed as a steam ship, reflecting the centre's proximity to the Manchester Ship Canal.
It spans two floors and is near the M621 motorway.
It is the anchor establishment of Rockwell Center, a mixed-use area north of the Makati Central Business District on the Pasig River waterfront across Mandaluyong.
The Jacksonville Landing is a festival marketplace in Downtown Jacksonville, Florida.
The parking area can accommodate more than 4,000 cars.
The mall opened in 1969, is owned by Urban Retail.
The mall increased the city's sales tax income by 44% in its first year of operation.
The original Dillard's was then sold to Saks Incorporated, who converted it to Parisian in 1998, then McRae's a year later.
Clarendon Square Shopping Centre is a Shopping Centre in Hyde, Greater Manchester.
The Sears building was torn down, with Kohl's, TJ Maxx, and Shoe Carnival opening on its site.
Sunridge Mall is a major enclosed shopping mall in Calgary, Alberta containing 830599 square feet / 77165 m² of retail space.
It has 754,000 square feet of retail space.
The buildings and public spaces resemble Savannah's downtown historic district, with awnings, brick facades, fountains and brick-paved sidewalks.
The mall opened as a shopping plaza in 1956 and was enclosed in the mid-1960s.
Palmerston Shopping Centre is an Australian enclosed shopping centre located in the Central Business District of Palmerston, Northern Territory.
It has several levels and includes a range of high street shops, eateries, a cinema, a bowling alley and a soft play area.
Other developments include: The Pointe at North Fayette, Robinson Crossroads, Robinson Court, and Settlers Ridge.
Les Promenades Gatineau is a major shopping centre located in Canada's National Capital Region.
Sales at Chandler Fashion Center are more than $600 per square foot, which is well above the national average of $392 a square foot.
The store was eventually expanded to 197,843 square feet.
In 1991 Nordstrom announced plans to open its second Chicago area location at Old Orchard.
Plaza del Sol is an 728,546-square-foot enclosed regional mall located in the city of Bayamón, Puerto Rico.
The mall is owned by Cafaro Company of Youngstown, Ohio.
It was developed by General Growth Properties, as a response to the declining area around Macon Mall.
Former anchors include Ames, Murphy's Mart, Stone & Thomas, The Bon-Ton, Sears, and Montgomery Ward.
The former Marshall Field's was replaced by an outdoor concourse anchored by Barnes & Noble.
This is home to Indiana University's flagship campus.
Timmins Square is a shopping centre in the Mountjoy neighbourhood of Timmins, in Northeastern Ontario, Canada.
Valdosta Mall is an enclosed shopping mall located in Valdosta, Georgia, United States.
Quicentro Sur is a shopping mall located south of Quito that opened in August 2010, and is the largest commercial center in Quito and Ecuador.
Eastdale Mall is a regional enclosed shopping mall located in Montgomery, Alabama.
The Walk at Jumeirah Beach Residence is a 1.7 kilometer strip at the ground and plaza level of the Jumeirah Beach Residence complex in Dubai.
Villaggio Mall is a shopping mall located in the Aspire Zone in the west end of Doha, the capital city of Qatar.
Slavyanskiy Mir is an open air market in Moscow, owned by Valery and Vladimir Leschikovyh.
A two-floor Gaisano Department Store is located on the upper ground floor and third floor of the building.
The mall development was announced in 1972 with J. C. Penney, Sears, and The Broadway along with a J. J. Newberry dime store.
The Waterside Shops is an upscale open-air mall located on Tamiami Trail in Pelican Bay, Florida, just to the north of Naples, Florida.
The mall is located in King of Prussia, a census-designated place within Upper Merion Township, Montgomery County in southeastern Pennsylvania, just outside Philadelphia.
In 1966, the mall was expanded with The Broadway, followed by Mervyns in 1981.
It comprises a shopping centre called Citygate Outlets, an office tower, and the Novotel Citygate hotel.
The mixed-use scheme also consists of 147 luxury residential apartments and 37 affordable housing units being built above the shopping centre.
The shopping center is referenced in the book Manhasset Stories by Suzanne Rosenwasser.
The anchor tenants are Sears and Walmart.
None of the anchors from 1961 are still in operation.
When the shopping center first opened in 1994, it had six original tenants: Walmart, Sam's Club, Home Depot, Media Play, Old Navy, and MJ Designs.
Even the sign advertising "Dort Mall Cinema" is still attached to the exterior in the back.
Far East Plaza is also home to numerous tattoo parlors and barbers which are mostly located on the upper floors.
On March 30, 2008, Louisiana Boardwalk put a controversial curfew in effect.
It will house 1.3 million square feet of retail, 500,000 square feet of office and multiple residential high-rise towers.
As of October 2013, the development consisted of:
The current Dillard's store at the mall was originally Goudchaux's/Maison Blanche until 1998, when Dillard's purchased Maison Blanche's parent company, Mercantile Stores.
It was the first of the kind to be constructed in Greece and one of the largest shopping and leisure centres in Southeastern Europe.
Woodburn Premium Outlets is an outlet mall in Woodburn, Oregon, United States.
CentralPlaza Bangna, also known as Central City Bangna is a shopping centre on Debaratana Road located in Bangna district in Bangkok, Thailand.
Naaz Lifestyle Shopping Mall  is a shopping center in Pulimoodu, Thiruvananthapuram.
Brentwood Mall as it was known opened in 1961 as a partial open air strip centre and enclosed mall.
The mall is a two-story structure located on Main Street.
Currently, it features more than forty stores and restaurants, as well an AMC movie theater.
Anchor stores include Bed, Bath & Beyond, Best Buy, Dress Barn, Famous Footwear, Michaels, Petco, Richland Cinemas, Ross Dress for Less, T.J. Maxx and Wal-Mart Supercenter.
Conestoga Mall is a shopping mall located at 550 King Street North in Waterloo, Ontario, Canada.
The second in 1997 brought Barnes & Noble, Old Navy, plus a renovated eight screen Regal Cinemas.
It is owned by Arrow Retail of Dallas and anchored by Macy's, Sears, and Marshalls.
Hamilton and Ward is a highly-acclaimed restaurant located with the mall.
Thus, Delta City is currently considered a more high end shopping mall.
The Upper Mall included Denny's Pet World, Guitar Center, Hallmark Cards, Trader Joe's, and Big 5 Sporting Goods.
This shopping, office and residential center encompass nearly 20 acres of downtown Salt Lake City.
It is owned by Time Equities, Inc..
Until its expansion in 2008, it was known as Plenty Valley Town Centre and hosted one major store, and approximately 22 specialty stores.
The mall has SM Store and SM Supermarket as anchor stores.
Anchor Sears departed the mall in 2007.
Westfield Geelong is a shopping centre located in the Geelong CBD in Victoria, Australia which was opened in 1988.
Australia Fair Shopping Centre is a dual-level regional shopping centre covering 59,540 square metres located in Southport, Gold Coast, Queensland.
This 45,000-square-foot facility features more than 2,500 seats and is Alabama's first all-digital theater complex.
The Harrisburg Mall is a regional mall located just outside Harrisburg in Swatara Township, Pennsylvania.
Opened in 1967 as the first shopping mall in Lexington, the mall closed in 2008.
The mall is owned and managed by Pennsylvania Real Estate Investment Trust, who acquired it from its developer, Taubman Centers, in 2006.
An outdoor lifestyle component complements the enclosed center and features such names as California Pizza Kitchen, The Cheesecake Factory, Crate & Barrel, and L.L.Bean.
The mall's only sit-down restaurant, Ruby Tuesday, closed in 2008.
In 2000, a major renovation was concluded by Westfield, which cost $100 million.
Opened in 1977, it was known as Westfield Vancouver mall from 1998 to 2015.
The complex has over 200 retail stores, restaurants, and entertainment outlets.
After appeals to the Hillsboro City Council and state land use board, the $23 million project received approval almost two years after first proposed.
Also many events organized by BBI Centre held on the Square such as an art performance, children's playrooms, workshops, concerts, graduations, sporting events, etc.
In 2007 it won two retail industry national awards, one of which was the Retail Week magazine's "Shopping Location of the Year".
Camillus Plaza was a shopping mall in Camillus, New York.
Kukui Grove is an open air shopping center located in Lihue, Hawaii, United States.
The mall's retailers have also renovated their stores and storefronts, including JCPenney, Dillards, Victoria's Secret and Hot Topic.
Support businesses are in construction and property management.
Park Forest Plaza was a shopping center located in the planned community of Park Forest, Illinois, U.S.A., that opened in 1949.
Dalma Mall is a large shopping mall located in Abu Dhabi.
Currently the mall is being redeveloped as Winrock Town Center, which will be an open-air, mixed-use complex.
The shopping centre is attached to Broadmarsh bus station, one of Nottingham's two bus stations.
Today, the surrounding area, though part of the Balvanera neighbourhood, is sometimes referred to as Abasto.
It was constructed by the Winmar Company of Seattle, Washington, and had room for 86 stores.
It is now managed by Pacific Management Group.
It is approximately one mile from Sunland Park Racetrack & Casino, a racino just across the state line in Sunland Park, New Mexico.
The mall contains over 130 stores, several restaurants, and a food court.
In January 2014, work began on a major redevelopment project to meet the predicted regional growth on the Gold Coast.
There are nine historically renovated buildings on property.
In 1999, a management contract for the mall was awarded to Trammell Crow Faison Regional Mall Services, a unit of Trammell Crow Co. of Dallas.
Several properties including the Shoppes of Wellington Green, a lifestyle center, and Wellington Green Commons, a Whole Foods Market-anchored power center encircle the shopping mall.
The Palmer Park Mall is an indoor one-story shopping mall of 457,734 square feet located in the Lehigh Valley region of Pennsylvania, in the United States.
Fashion Square Mall is an enclosed shopping mall located in the northern edge of Saginaw Charter Township, Michigan.
In May 2012, Emperor International Group Limited paid HK$798 million to the Hong Kong government for the land premium.
Myanmar’s wholesale commodity exchanges are currently only connected by telephone.
Victoria Gardens is a regional shopping centre located in Richmond, Victoria, Australia approximately 4 kilometres east of Melbourne's central business district.
The mall also includes more than 160 stores and a lifestyle center section.
The Bayfair BART station is located in the area south of the building.
The parts of the complex most affected were the Zen department store and its adjacent annex.
Halifax Shopping Centre, located in Halifax, Nova Scotia is Atlantic Canada's largest multi-building shopping centre.
The mall, which opened on November 23, 2009, is the 27th shopping mall development of Robinsons Malls, a division under Robinsons Land Corporation.
The community also contains many apartments, condominiums, and townhouses.
Tri-County Mall is located at the interchange of State Route 747 and Interstate 275 in the city of Springdale, Ohio, a northern suburb of Cincinnati.
The Country Club Plaza is a privately owned American shopping center in the Country Club District of Kansas City, Missouri.
Magnolia Park Town Center is a shopping center in Greenville, South Carolina currently under construction.
It is owned by Atterbury Property Development, Sanlam and the Morladza family.
The open-air center features a total of 1.2 million square feet of development encompassing 57 acres.
It is located along the Jose Abad Santos Avenue in San Fernando and Mexico in the province of Pampanga.
The Old Mill District is a historic area formerly occupied by two lumber mills in Bend, Oregon.
It is on land owned by Kamehameha Schools.
Work on the Rs.500 million shopping and entertainment complex started in September 2011.
The project broke ground on November 15, 2005.
Cityplaza is a shopping centre in Taikoo Shing, Hong Kong Island.
For the shopping center in Mohegan Lake, NY, formerly known as the Westchester Mall, see Cortlandt Town Center.
ft. of retail selling space, with 370 shops and 3,600 car-parking spaces.
The LaGrange Mall is a shopping mall located on Georgia State Route 109 in LaGrange, Georgia, United States, a few blocks west of Interstate 85.
Its current anchors include Sears, Hudson's Bay, Super C, Toys "R" Us, Shoppers Drug Mart, La Maison Simons, Winners and Rona.
Owners of Bulgaria mall are Myles Summerfield and Nikola Yanakiev.
The mall was torn down in 2006 to make way for Florin Towne Centre, an outdoor shopping center.
At approx 800,000 ft² and costing £400m it is the biggest and one of the most expensive property developments ever undertaken in Northern Ireland.
A6 center is a shopping mall in Jönköping, Sweden.
Turfland Mall was an enclosed shopping mall located in Lexington, Kentucky, United States.
Richland Mall is located just off Forest Drive at Beltline Blvd in Columbia, South Carolina.
It also has a Puregold supermarket which serves as the anchor store.
Belvidere Discount Mall is a small shopping mall located in Waukegan, Illinois, United States.
Originally meant to open in 2008, The Collection was delayed over several years due to the Great Recession.
A 20,000 square-foot H&M opened in 2011, taking over one of the mall's hallways and several tenant spaces in the process.
Built in 1975, the property became a dead mall following the closure of its anchor stores, and ultimately closed in 2010.
The Biltmore Fashion Park, as well as the surrounding business and residential district, are named after the historic Arizona Biltmore Hotel, nearby.
In addition to the cinema, a restaurant and café area was constructed at the Rotherham Street end of the mall.
The centre has 81 indoor shopping units and an indoor market complex which sells a wide range of goods.
It is named after the original Central Park in New York City.
Built in 1973, the mall has since undergone two major expansions.
Several eateries and stores were also opened on the former site of the mall's original Macy's.
Originally opened in 1981, Sunridge Mall completed a $50 million renovation and expansion program.
It is owned and managed by Rouse Properties.
Layton Hills Mall is an enclosed shopping mall in Layton, Utah.
Sticks 'n Stuff, a furniture retailer, was temporarily located in the space vacated by Sears until 2004.
Ellsworth Place is a 350,000-square-foot, six-story, enclosed shopping mall in downtown Silver Spring, Maryland.
The retail spaces remained only 52 percent leased at the time.
It is owned and managed by Rouse Properties, one of the largest mall owners in the United States.
Other major tenants include Prince Kūhiō Stadium Cinemas, a nine screen movie theatre and Long's Drugs, which is located in an outlying building.
All four bus routes of the Jonesboro Economical Transit system serve the mall.
Park Plaza is one of 3 shopping destinations in the Midtown Area.
It is in The Hayes area of the southern city centre.
Maison Blanche became Gayfers in 1992 which later became Belk in 1998.
It is currently owned by British Land.
The 500,000-square-foot mall contains high-end retailers, gourmet restaurants, art galleries, incidental offices and support areas.
In October 2016, Westfield officially announced that the mall is going to be demolished and replaced by a new $1.5 billion residential development called Promenade 2035.
Louis Joliet is a one-level mall with Macy's and JCPenney at one end and Carson's and Sears at other end.
Along with King of Prussia Mall, Simon has control of Pennsylvania's two largest malls.
The MBK Center management reports daily visitor numbers of more than 100,000, half of whom are young Thai people and a third foreign visitors.
Westfield Palm Desert, is a regional shopping mall located in Palm Desert, California which serves the Coachella Valley.
It is located on the site of the former Star Brewery, and it opened in 2001.
PSEG, TD Bank and other shops and restaurants.
CentralPlaza Chaengwattana is a shopping mall located on Chaeng Watthana Road, Pak Kret district, Nonthaburi in the Bangkok Metropolitan Area.
The mall, which opened in late 2005, has 69 stores and a modern six screen cinema.
It is located between Melencio St. and Gen. Tinio St., Brgy.
University Town Plaza is an outdoor shopping mall in Pensacola, Florida.
There is currently only a single anchor store: Target.
The centre has an annual footfall of ten million.
The Mall at Green Hills is a regional shopping mall positioned between downtown Nashville, Tenn. and the most affluent suburbs in the area.
It is the second of SM Supermall and the seventh SM branch developed and operated by SM Prime Holdings owned by Henry Sy, Sr..
It is operated and managed by Australian property investment company, General Property Trust.
Empire Mall is a huge tourist attraction in South Dakota, with more than seven million visitors annually.
Westfield Marion is the largest shopping complex in Adelaide, South Australia, located in Oaklands Park, serving greater Southern Adelaide.
Located in Grand Junction, Colorado, the mall is located on US highway 6 and US Highway 50.
The architects for the bus station were Grimshaw Architects and Benoy was working on City Sentral.
More than 260,000 people live and 145,000 work within five miles of the mall.
The many restaurants, megaplex, and wide variety of stores has brought in consumers from all over the city and the world.
It is easily accessible via the Ten Mile Junction LRT Station on the Bukit Panjang LRT Line, which retained the mall's original name.
Hysan Place is a shopping mall and office building at 500 Hennessy Road, Causeway Bay, Hong Kong, China.
The Centre Commercial Sétif is a shopping mall in Sétif, Algeria.
The companies housed in Nordstan employ approximately six thousand people and the total annual turnover was SEK 4.1 billion in 2013.
The complex was described by The Prague Post in 2001 as "one of the best malls in the city".
Westfield Trumbull is a shopping mall in Trumbull, Connecticut.
It was built between 1961 and 1963, as a regional shopping center to serve the Bladensburg and Landover area of suburban Washington, D.C.
Green Oak Village Place is a retail lifestyle center located in Green Oak Township, serving Brighton, Michigan, United States.
Taubman Centers defaulted on its $135 million loan on the center in 2010, and it was taken over by its mortgage servicer, C-III Capital Partners.
The centre features high ceilings and has no doors between indoor and outdoor sections.
In 2013, PREIT sold the mall to UP Development, Inc. for $35 million.
The mall is located north of Allentown, on MacArthur Road between U.S. Route 22 and Grape Street.
Century Plaza was an enclosed shopping mall in Birmingham, Alabama, United States.
At 1,326,000 square feet, it is the largest enclosed mall in the Triangle.
Columbus City Center was a 1,200,000-square-foot, three-level shopping center in Columbus, Ohio.
It is now used for al fresco dining.
It has a total area of 16,500 square metres.
Being a centrally air-conditioned Mall with modern infrastructure and a thriving ambience, Raghuleela brims with mega-retailing & commercial spaces at amazingly affordable rates.
The mall's presence over the years has turned Fairway Road into a major commercial strip.
In 2017, a Tesla supercharging station was added in the mall parking lot, the only one in the Rochester area As of 2017.
Restaurants, cafes, specialty and services stores, food court, leisure and entertainment stores, cinemas, sports and book stores can be found in the shopping mall.
Phase one of the center opened in 2001, with the second phase opening a year later.
The mall has over 2,800 free parking spaces and seats 400 people in the food court.
A food court is located adjacent to the end of the long south wing.
Bronx Terminal Market, formerly known as Gateway Center at Bronx Terminal Market is a shopping mall along the Major Deegan Expressway in Concourse, Bronx, New York.
Not to be confused with The Mall, Lahore.
The total square footage of the mall is 1,333,000 square feet.
Järve Centre is the biggest shopping centre selling furnishing goods in Estonia, with a gross leasable area of 43,000 square metres containing nearly 111 different shops.
Inaugurated on December 7, 2007, it was designed by renowned Italian architect Renzo Piano.
East River Plaza is a shopping mall located at FDR Drive between 116th and 119th Street in East Harlem, New York City.
Ocean Keys Shopping Centre is a shopping centre located in the Perth suburb of Clarkson, approximately 35 km from Perth CBD, in Western Australia.
Its three department stores were Macy's, Sears and Stix, Baer & Fuller's.
It had 160 stores in 2014, which is expected to increase to 260 in 2015.
It is located at 785 Wonderland Road South at the northwest corner of Wonderland Road and Viscount Road.
Along with a Vue Cinema with 8 screens.
Westfield Newmarket is a medium-sized shopping centre with upmarket shops located at 277 Broadway, in the suburb of Newmarket in Auckland, New Zealand.
The 484,500 square feet center is anchored by Sears, 24 Hour Fitness and a Walmart Supercenter, which opened on June 17, 2009.
John Company began the redevelopment of the Mall.
The property is owned and managed by Lulu Group, which has extensive business in retail, hospitality, real estate etc.
Event Cinemas operate a cinema complex within the centre.
A dedicated station on the Doha Metro is planned to be integrated into the mall, as part of Doha’s new transportation system.
It is sometimes mistakenly referred to as Arena Shopping Park.
Southland Center opened on July 20, 1970.
WestShore Plaza is an enclosed shopping mall located in the Westshore business district of Tampa, Florida, developed by Albert L. Manley of Boston, MA.
It is designed by DSGN Associates, EAurelio Landscape Design Inc. and JRP Design Inc.
It is managed and co-owned by the Westfield Group.
In total the Future Park Rangsit City and adjacent superstores occupy a total area of 68 acres.
It opened a section of the expansion wing called the Water Garden in 2017.
Terminal 21 is a chain of mixed-use complexes, the first located on Sukhumvit Road, near the Asoke intersection, in Bangkok, Thailand.
For security, the mall's glass windows are explosive resistant.
Hotspots include Panera Bread, Cheesecake Factory, Brio Tuscan Grille, Sloan's Ice Cream, and Starbucks.
Before its 2012 redevelopment the mall had a Space-oriented theme including a Solar System themed food court.
The mall was owned by Glimcher Realty Trust and the City of Charlotte.
The Centre's present anchor stores include AMC Theatres, Belk, and Burlington Coat Factory.
In August 2007, the Firefighter's Combat Challenge was held at the mall and broadcast on ESPN.
Borders closed in 2011 and became Ross Dress for Less in 2013.
formerly by Vornado Realty Trust which shelved its regional mall holdings in 2014.
It is the largest shopping mall in the Manawatu region.
Carson's once housed the cafeteria-style "The Garden Restaurant" next to the entrance near the security garage on the south side of the mall from 1974-89
It is currently the second-largest WP Glimcher mall property in Virginia behind Virginia Center Commons.
It is anchored by Dillard's, JCPenney, and Macy's
Market Basket opened its store in June 2012.
There were originally three anchors, Sears, J.C. Penney and Dillard's.
Opened on October 15, 1974, the mall comprises more than 120 stores on one level, as well as a food court.
The complex is connected to the Mong Kok Station of the MTR via an underground passage.
Phase 1 of the mall opened in 2006 and is owned and managed by the Childress Klein Properties.
From 2008 to 2010, the centre underwent a major $470 million expansion after obtaining support from Lake Macquarie City Council.
In 1988, Park Plaza shut down completely except for Dillard's, in preparation for the mall to undergo a major overhaul.
Coppergate Shopping Centre is a shopping centre in the centre of York in North Yorkshire, England.
Wonderland Village is an outdoor shopping center in Livonia, Michigan, United States, a suburb of Detroit.
The center, which opened in Fall 2005, is home to a mix of big-box retailers, and upscale retailers.
The mall also boasts Southeast Asia's first indoor ice rink.
The Dover Mall is located on U.S. Route 13 in Dover, Delaware.
The Sunnyside Mall is a 311,000 square foot Canadian shopping mall in Bedford, Nova Scotia.
The Shops at Merrick Park is an outdoor shopping mall located in the heart of Coral Gables, Florida.
East Towne Mall is a shopping mall located on the northeast side of Madison, Wisconsin.
Located on West Ehringhaus Street in Elizabeth City, North Carolina, the mall is currently anchored by Belk and until its closing in early April 2015; JCPenney.
Paramus Park is an enclosed shopping mall that is located on From Road in Paramus, New Jersey, United States.
Greenbriar Mall is a shopping mall in the Greenbriar neighborhood of Atlanta, Georgia that opened in 1965.
City Square Mall is Singapore’s first eco-mall to be integrated with a 49,000 sq ft urban park named City Green.
Opened in 1966 as Richmond Mall by developer Edward J. DeBartolo, Sr., it was renovated, expanded, and renamed in 1999.
The mall opened on 15 May 1998.
It contains the New Zealand head offices of the Westfield Group, and another new Westfield-owned shopping development, Nuffield Street, is nearby.
South Asia’s largest 20 lane bowling concourse, was first started here in 1996.
The mall is also a mixed development which includes a 13-storey apartment tower.
By 1990, an average of 10 million shoppers a year were patronizing the Greenwood Park Mall.
It is located 5 kilometers north of Puerto Princesa city proper along the North National Highway.
The Salisbury Mall was a one-level 600,000-square-foot regional mall located on Civic and Glen Avenues in Salisbury, Maryland.
Lloyd Center is a shopping mall in the Lloyd District of Portland, Oregon, United States, just northeast of downtown.
Sherwood Mall is one of two shopping malls in Stockton, California.
The complex is anchored by JCPenney, two Macy's locations, and Sears.
McDonald’s restaurant is also there in the mall.
Jordan Creek Town Center is a super-regional shopping mall and lifestyle center in the city of West Des Moines, Iowa.
The Mall merits a mention in Ethel Jackson Price's 2003 book, Sierra Vista: a Young City with a Past.
Hamilton Mall is the largest mall in southeastern New Jersey.
There are over 80 stores including Best Buy, DSW, Target, Century Theatres, and a Lucky Strike bowling alley.
SM Supermalls has become one of the biggest mall operators in Southeast Asia.
Robinsons Magnolia is part of the four-tower Magnolia Residences where the iconic Magnolia Ice Cream production plant once stood.
It has been said that downtowns are therefore conceptually distinct from both CBDs and city centres.
It had three courts with groups of fountains and seating areas.
The remaining enclosed portion included Ross Dress for Less, Burlington Coat Factory and Target as its anchor stores until April 2012, when renovation work began.
The building is heated using geothermal energy, as is the civic centre.
Opened in 1982, it features Bed Bath & Beyond, Dillard's, J. C. Penney, Sears, Stage, Target, TJ Maxx and a movie theater.
The mall was sold to Simon Property Group spin off Washington Prime Group(now under the name WP Glimcher) in 2014.
The shopping centre is situated adjacent to Macarthur Railway Station, where trains terminate on the Airport, Inner West & South Line.
It is the 37th mall opened by Robinsons in the Philippines and the first and only Robinsons mall in Malabon and the whole CAMANAVA area.
It is bounded by Douglas, Government, Fort, and View streets, in the city's historic centre.
The Levee is only one block away from the East Row Historic District and the Monmouth Street Historic District.
The center is located at the intersection of Cooper Avenue and 80th Street.
It is the third-largest shopping centre in the United Kingdom by retail space behind the MetroCentre and the Trafford Centre.
Metro Junction Mall is one of the biggest in India.
The Evergreen Plaza located in Evergreen Park, Illinois,, was planned in the 1920s.
In another survey by Ad Post, readers voted Cathay Cineplex Orchard their "Favourite Cinema in Singapore".
Ocean Terminal is a cruise terminal and shopping centre located on Canton Road in Tsim Sha Tsui, Kowloon, Hong Kong.
Sickla Köpkvarter is a retail park and shopping district located on a redeveloped industrial estate in Nacka, Sweden.
The two story complex includes many clothing stores, a petshop, a food court, and a cinema.
With the 2007 closure of the Southland Cinema, the mall has two anchor stores: Dillard's, and JCPenney.
In May 2013, it was confirmed that Cinemark would be opening a movie theater within the mall.
It also consists of 25 acres of retail space, 3,200 parking spaces, and over 65 stores.
Cielo Vista Mall has undergone some renovations over the years including 1982, 1993 and in 2005 being the most recent.
It is located on El Paso's east side, at Interstate 10 and Geronimo Drive.
The site of the shopping centre was originally terraced streets they were demolished in the late 1960s.
The Eastfield Mall is a shopping mall in Springfield, Massachusetts, and is owned by Mountain Development Corporation.
Freddy’s Frozen Custard & Steakburgers announced that they would be building a new restaurant in the center with a planned opening of May 2014.
This shopping centre was featured on the third season of The Mole.
It is located in the "Donut Hole", an enclave of unincorporated San Bernardino County territory near Redlands.
Mervyn's was the mall's fifth anchor store until they went out of business in 2008.
Bank Clothiers, Talbots, Williams-Sonoma, and Ethan Allen.
It has been renovated more than 2 times, the last one being a major overhaul, including new shops, a new front entrance and a new name.
The Mall of Stonecrest is off exit 75 on Interstate 20 
River Drive Mall was a regional 385,000-square-foot indoor mall located in the north Rio Grande bank in downtown Laredo, Texas.
It was converted after the merger of P.A.
In 1987 Stockland Townsville opened after a major upgrade to what was previously known as Nathan Plaza.
The center features a water and fire fountain, and an Italian gazebo and kiosks by Neri.
The mall is located on what was once the site of James Neilson's farm.
Arbor Place Mall, the only regional mall directly serving the growing western suburbs of Atlanta, is located in Douglasville, Georgia, in Douglas County.
The Liberty is a covered shopping centre located in the London Borough of Havering.
It is built on the site of the town's former colliery spoil heaps.
With 1,400,000 square feet of retail selling space, it is the second-largest mall in Miami-Dade County.
The mall is home to three anchor stores, Dillard's, At Home, and J. C. Penney as well as approximately 23 other stores.
It has a total area of 150,000 square metres of which 44,000 square metres are retail space.
Its name is derived from the word vivacity.
Other stores include Books-A-Million, Dick's Sporting Goods, and Old Navy.
Plaza Mayor at the Crossroads is a 1,268,000 square foot super regional shopping mall and trade area located in south Oklahoma City, Oklahoma.
The Shoppes at EastChase has a gross leasable area of 350,000 square feet and currently features fifty merchants.
With a distinctive retail mix ranging from cool local and international fashion labels to edgy and quirky lifestyle wares.
The building was originally a shopping mall that opened in 1984 as the Eastland Mall, but was revitalized into its current use after years of decline.
Opened in 1991, the mall features six anchors and around 70 specialty shops.
"Oakwood Mall" opened in 1966, taking advantage of the increased development on the West Bank following the opening of the Greater New Orleans Bridge.
Cityplaza constantly updates its seasonal decoration, and also has frequent art, sport and other exhibitions in the public space near the MTR station.
In May 2017, LNR Properties sold the mall to Dimension Financial & Realty Investments for $6.72 million.
This has made the redevelopment, with its consequent loss of smaller shops and food outlets, largely unnecessary.
The city is well known for its geographical features, particularly its volcanic and limestone features, most notably its Blue Lake, parks and gardens, caves and sinkholes.
The Tinapa Business Resort is a visionary development of the previous Governor of Cross River State, Donald Duke.
BM Habitat Mall is one of the popular shopping mall in the Indian city of Mysore, Karnataka.
The centerpiece of the complex is a massive three-story courtyard inspired by the Babylon scene from the D.W. Griffith film Intolerance.
The original anchor stores were Sears, Lazarus, Marshall Field's, and JCPenney.
It is the first Ayala Shopping Center located in Mindanao.
The mall was plagued by structural problems and leaks throughout its history.
In 2013, the centre's revenue was $116 million.
Two further extensions have since opened, Barton Square and the Great Hall in 2008, at a combined cost of over £100 million.
Westchester's Ridge Hill is a mixed-use lifestyle center located between Interstate 87 and the Sprain Brook Parkway in Yonkers, New York.
Westfield Sunrise, commonly known as Sunrise Mall, is a shopping mall located in Massapequa, New York.
It opened in 1970 and features three anchor stores: Hobby Lobby, Elder-Beerman and Dunham's Sports.
The first owners were the Lend Lease Group.
An 18 screen AMC Theatres complex anchors an open-air pedestrian plaza called "The Inlet".
Hampton Square Mall, later Hampton Towne Centre, was an enclosed shopping mall in Essexville, Michigan.
The mall has four anchors: Dillard's, JCPenney, Macy's, and Sears, with Von Maur opening in fall 2019.
The mall features a fountain, parking garage, and food court.
The Shops at Mission Viejo is managed by Simon Malls.
It is one of the largest outlet malls in the United States.
A Parisian department store was built in 1994.
Amarin Plaza is a shopping mall located in the centre of Bangkok's Ratchaprasong shopping district.
Northline Mall was a shopping mall located in the Northline area of Houston, Texas, United States, at the northeast corner of Interstate 45, and Crosstimbers Road.
The North Mall is the original part of the mall, and had the anchor store Woodward's and Woodward's Food Floors.
Shangri-La Plaza opened on November 21, 1991 and contains more than 300 shops and restaurants.
The total cost of the investment has been estimated at 80 million euros.
It is situated on 49 acres and has 1,800 parking spaces.
Palm trees, pampas grasses and willow trees are among the natural features.
The publication of American Society of Civil Engineers in October 1999 contained a study detailing how these sinkholes were fixed.
Mervyn's closed at the mall in 2006 and sat vacant until 2010.
At the time of its opening it was reported to be the second largest commercial centre in the UK.
Despite the name of Järve, the centre is located in Nõmme district's Rahumäe subdistrict.
Popular highlights of the Fubonn Shopping Center include the large variety of produce at the Fubonn Supermarket and the So Kong Dong Tofu & BBQ restaurant.
Its anchor stores are J. C. Penney, I. Keating Furniture & Flooring, Target, Herberger's and Scheels All Sports.
It is developed and owned by Al Ghurair Group.
SM City Xiamen is a shopping centre in Xiamen city, Fujian province, China.
It is just east of Highway 410.
Following a major shift in market position, the mall renamed itself Citygate Outlets in August 2006.
Plaza Fiesta San Agustín is one of the largest shopping malls in Mexico, and the largest located in the metropolitan area of Monterrey.
The mall has a total gross leasable area of 98,000 m2, including of public services, and is anchored by ICA, Systembolaget, H&M and Åhléns.
The former mall, which now houses a tech center, is now called the Brownsville ITEC Center.
It is anchored by J.C. Penney, Macy's, and formerly Sears.
Brentwood Town Centre is a shopping mall in Burnaby, British Columbia.
Pembroke Lakes Mall is an indoor shopping center in Pembroke Pines, Florida.
The mall is the fourth biggest mall in Colombia and is also one of the biggest in South America.
CambridgeSide is the only mall in the Boston area with direct access by boat.
Westfield Group acquired the shopping center in 2002, and renamed it "Westfield Citrus Park", dropping the "Shoppingtown" name in June 2005.
The mall has been in decline for several years due to economic downturn in the area, and the resulting increase in crime.
Anchored by J.C. Penney and Target, North Hills includes nearly 100 stores such as REI, Ethan Allen, Fink's Jewelers, Anthropologie, Learning Express and Plow and Hearth.
An outparcel was developed for home furnishings retailer Rooms To Go, which opened a 7,000-square-foot store south of the main entrance drive.
Manassas Mall is a shopping center located in Bull Run, Virginia.
The mall comprises more than fifty stores, including Dillard's, JCPenney, Sears and Electronic Express as anchor stores, as well as a food court.
In June 2008, Arizona's first Lego Store opened at Chandler Fashion Center, and in October 2008 a 24,000-square-foot Forever 21 flagship store opened at the mall.
Tema Central Mall is a shopping center located at the Tema Industrial Area in the Greater Accra Region of Ghana
The mall is the hub of the retail and commercial corridor along U.S. Highway 31 on the south side of the Indianapolis Metropolitan Area.
The Kingdom Centre is the main shopping destination in Glenrothes, located in the town centre.
Since opening its first store in 1998, the NBA has seen increasing business opportunities in foreign markets mainly due to the influx of new international players.
The mall has 60 retail units, as well as 7 vendor stands on the main concourse.
It also has a parking lot for 550 automobiles.
It is owned by the Mani group.
Times Square is a major shopping centre and office tower complex in Causeway Bay, Hong Kong Island, Hong Kong.
Granada Centre is a shopping mall located in the eastern ring road highway between exit 8-9 Ghernata District in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia.
Eng Wah Global is a Singaporean company spans entertainment, properties, hospitality, and lifestyle in Singapore and Malaysia.
It includes shops, banking facilities, casinos, cinemas, restaurants, a marina and a five star hotel.
SM City BF Parañaque is a shopping mall owned and operated by SM Prime Holdings.
The cinema has stadium seating and is considered the best in Bahrain.
Opened in 1976, it features J. C. Penney, Dillard's, Sears, a Bed Bath & Beyond, and Planet Fitness as its anchor stores.
Hobby Lobby and Hilton Garden Inn joined the tenant mix in 2009 and shortly after Academy Sports + Outdoors.
In January 2017, the mall was sold again to Kohan Retail Investment Group.
The Crystal Mall is an ethnic shopping mall oriented towards the local Chinese community in Burnaby, British Columbia, Canada.
Golden Cross is a shopping arcade at 5 Cornmarket Street in central Oxford, England.
Belmar features shopping, entertainment, and dining options.
The St. Enoch Centre is a shopping mall located in the city centre of Glasgow, Scotland.
Anchor tenants include Sears, JCPenney, The Bon Ton and Burlington Coat Factory.
In 1994, Wal-Mart took over the Woolco location and remained in the mall until 2004.
The Fashion Mall consists of two two-story buildings linked by a glass archway called "The Crossing" that is also a foodcourt.
The mall had a theater, The Bossier 6.
It was originally developed by Homart Development Company, and opened in August 1976.
The site started with a Boscov's Department Store in August 1972 and the mall was completed in 1975.
The Mall Athens is located close to the Athens Olympic Stadium in the suburb of Maroussi and was opened to the public on November 25, 2005.
Columbia Place is one of South Carolina's largest shopping malls, with nearly 1,100,000 square feet of retail space.
The mall opened in August 1968, and was the main mall in the Dover area until the Dover Mall opened in 1982, leading to its decline.
The centre is located at Fisketorvet Dybbølsbro Station close to the city and next to the harbour.
It is the largest shopping mall in the Lehigh Valley region of Pennsylvania.
There is a standalone Wendy's restaurant location.
Ford City Mall is managed by Mid-America Asset Management.
Mountain Farms Mall is a shopping center in Hadley, Massachusetts, United States, with approximately 12 stores.
Lenox Square is an enclosed super regional shopping mall located in the Buckhead district of Atlanta, Georgia.
The mall has been owned by Macerich since its purchase in 1998 for $115.7 million from the original developer, South Plains Mall Associates Ltd.
The mall experiences about 10 to 12 thousand people daily from the Miami metropolitan area.
intu Metrocentre, formerly MetroCentre and known on road signs as Metro Centre, is a shopping centre in Gateshead, Tyne and Wear, England.
Construction of the mall was completed in 1988, and it opened to the public on August 31 of that year.
Grand Central Stockport was owned by Norwich-based private property company Targetfollow, who acquired the complex for £10.8m in 2004.
The mall is located on the Northeast corner of Interstate 96 and Novi Road.
Victoria is the southernmost major city in Western Canada, and is located about 100 kilometres from BC's largest city of Vancouver on the mainland.
The mall now consists of a number of smaller high-end retailers.
Caruso Affiliated has built and operates many other projects, including The Grove at Farmers Market in Los Angeles.
Despite a widespread marketing campaign announcing opening on December 23 the market did not open as planned in December 2015.
The Baltimore Sun reported that the Towson Cinemark theater is Cinemark's official international flagship movie theater, replacing its former international flagship location in Dallas, Texas.
City Centre Bahrain  is a shopping mall in Manama, Bahrain.
The Gadsden Mall is a regional 502,591-square-foot shopping mall on U.S. Route 411 in Gadsden, Alabama.
Among shops are Marshalls, Modells, Pay Half, Skechers, The Children's Place AT&T.
The mall is located in the Town Center area of the city and attracts shoppers from surrounding counties in Maryland.
On January 3, 2012 they made the proposal that the mall should be turned into a jail and court facility.
The majority of the mall opened on August 19, 2009.
It is one of the largest mixed-use developments in the Intermountain West.
The mall closed in October 2004 at about 20% occupancy with the exception of Mervyn's and sat vacant until it was demolished in early 2007.
It is located near the city of Isfahan and the towns of Sepahan Shahr and Baharestan.
The Burlington Mall has a gross leasable area of 1,282,339 square feet.
It was built in 1997 and is managed by CapitaMall Trust.
The Oxford Exchange is a strip mall located in Oxford, Alabama.
In August 2009, the former Steinbach was demolished and converted into a stand-alone lifestyle building, consisting of outdoor storefronts with individual entrances.
Mall of the Americas is an enclosed shopping mall located at 7795 West Flagler Street next to the Palmetto Expressway in Miami, Florida.
Kawana Shoppingworld is a regional shopping centre located in Buddina, Queensland that is operated by Mirvac.
The Centrepoint is a shopping mall in Singapore which opened in 1983 as Centrepoint Shopping Centre until its renaming in 2006 as The Centrepoint.
Opened in 1961 as an unenclosed shopping mall, the center was redeveloped as a power center in 1998.
Also features Old Navy, Forever 21, Charlotte Russe and more.
The Deptford Mall is a major shopping destination in Deptford Township, Gloucester County, New Jersey, United States.
Opened in 1974, it is anchored by J. C. Penney, Macy's, Sears, Kohl's, and Dick's Sporting Goods.
Outparcel properties include a free-standing Ruler Foods grocery store and Jo-Ann as well as several restaurants, including Subway Restaurant and Buffalo Wild Wings.
It has entrances opening onto Henry Street, Parnell Street and Moore Street.
The Aventura Mall is a super-regional shopping mall in Aventura, Florida, a northern suburb of Miami.
Its restaurants include Escalante's, Benihana concept restaurant RA Sushi Bar, Smith & Wollensky, and Barbouti's own Up Restaurant.
Opened in 1977, it is anchored by J. C. Penney, Marshalls, and two Younkers stores.
Rimrock Mall is Montana's largest and most successful mall.
Opened in 2009, this shopping mall has twelve stores with four anchor stores, which are Target, Costco, Burlington Coat Factory, and PetSmart.
Gateway Fashion Mall is an enclosed shopping mall in Bismarck, North Dakota.
The telephone of the management offices however stayed the same as 8033 9164.
The complex has a floor area of 46,600 square metres and 1,000 parking spaces.
The mall's only fountain can be found here.
Waverley Gardens is a shopping centre with approximately 110 shops, located 25 km south-east of Melbourne, Australia, in the suburb of Mulgrave.
The centre is a short walk from the high street shops of Commercial Street and High Street.
Its anchors include two Belk stores, Dillard's, and JCPenney.
Previously named County East Mall until 2004, the 501,259 square feet mall is managed by Madison Marquette.
The center is located at 1401 Sam Rittenberg Boulevard at the fork of Old Towne Road.
Located just south of Exit 1 of the F.E.
A vacant wing of the mall is being transformed into storefronts for International Decor Outlet.
In addition, the mall has been a launch pad for international retailers emerging into the U.S. market.
CentralMarina, formerly known as Central Center Pattaya, is a shopping mall on Pattaya Sai 2 Road in Bang Lamung, Chonburi, Thailand.
Hinshaw's and F. C. Nash were other major tenants.
SM City San Jose del Monte is a mall owned by SM Prime Holdings.
It features an activity center, two atria, and an al fresco dining area.
Parts of Atlantic Center Mall were also renovated to complement the new mall.
Mesa Mall was acquired by Macerich in 1997 in a joint venture purchase of 12 regional malls owned by the International Business Machine Corp.'s pension fund.
In 2016, it was awarded the "Most Admired Shopping Centre of the Year: East" by IMGES.
Opened in 1980, it is anchored by two Dillard's stores, J. C. Penney, Bealls, Ross Dress for Less, and Sears.
In 2016, the centre expanded its external dining and entertainment precinct on Syren Street to include a number of restaurants and bars surrounding the cinemas.
ft. regional shopping mall in the North & East neighborhood in Richmond, California, anchored by a Target store.
This mall distinguishes itself by being local by housing Chennai-based brands in the mall such as RmKV, Poppat Jamal, Ibaco, Haji Ali and Viveks.
In November 2005, it was named the World's Leading New Shopping Mall at the World Travel Awards in London.
It is managed by Hull Property Group.
When it opened in 1970, the mall was advertised as the "largest mall in the Carolinas".
The bankruptcy of Montgomery Ward a year later left the older mall devoid of anchors and shortly afterward, the mall was shuttered.
The addition of a Perani's Hockey World store breathed new life into the building.
Independence Center even featured an enormous flashing advertising marquee which stood along I-70.
There are also 2,230 car spaces and a 600-seat food court.
Bellevue Square attracts over 16 million visitors annually who individually spend nearly two hours per trip spending $126, well above the national average.
It is located in the city's VII District, next to the main Market Square.
International Plaza and Bay Street is a shopping mall located in the Westshore business district of Tampa, Florida.
As of 2008, West Towne Mall is anchored by Sears, J. C. Penney, Boston Store, and Dick's Sporting Goods.
The Westfield Group acquired the shopping center in early 2002, and renamed it "Westfield Shoppingtown Fox Valley", dropping the "Shoppingtown" name in June 2005.
Under the complex is a two-story underground parking area with 660 parking spaces.
North Pier was a retail and office complex located in the Streeterville neighborhood of Chicago, Illinois.
It was redeveloped in the late 1990s, transforming it into a modern glass-covered building.
Brown and First National Realty, opening on October 17, 1963.
Harbor Square, formerly Shore Mall, is a shopping plaza in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey on U.S. Route 40/U.S.
It is located next to Crescent Engineering College in Chennai and will be operational by first quarter of 2015.
NorthPark Mall is a shopping mall located in Davenport, Iowa.
The mall was developed by Select Infrastructure, a joint venture between the Select group and the Aarone Group.
The Centre is notable for an automaton clock depicting Noah's Ark.
Whitefriars Shopping Centre is a shopping centre in Canterbury, Kent, England.
Splendid China Mall is a 90,000-square-foot Chinese-themed ethnic shopping centre located at the southeast corner of Redlea Avenue and Steeles Avenue in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.
It contains over 40 stores, nine restaurants, eleven nightclubs, and a spa.
The Mall at Fairfield Commons, commonly referred to as The Fairfield Commons Mall, is a shopping center in Beavercreek, Ohio.
In 2016, in favor of IMG Worlds of Adventure's opening date, it was announced that the mall will be revived within 10 years.
It is also India's second mall to have an in- house ice skating rink, the first being recently unveiled in Ambience Mall, Gurgaon.
This shopping mall features Macy's, Ross Stores, Kmart, Times Supermarkets, Longs Drugs, and Pier 1 Imports as its anchors.
Waterway Point is a suburban shopping mall located in the town centre of Punggol New Town, Singapore, next to the Punggol MRT/LRT station.
It initially housed 80 stores with four anchors.
The centre has surface and multi-storey car parking.
The mall comprises over 800,000 square feet.
First opened on November 18, 1948, it has now become a tourist destination as many celebrities are frequently seen at the mart.
Anchor stores include Belk and Electronic Express.
It is the newest of the Detroit area's four "land" malls.
The mall is anchored by Macy's, Best Buy, H&M, and Old Navy, and formerly by Sears.
Its two levels house over 160 stores, a food court, and a large children's play area.
Unit 9 – Greene King Hungry Horse - in line restaurant/bar
Americana Manhasset is an upscale, open-air shopping center located in Manhasset, New York.
The only anchor store left is Burlington Coat Factory with a space previously occupied by Big Kmart still vacant.
It is adjoining Newport Museum, Art Gallery and Central Library and it is close to Newport bus station.
There are also 40 restaurants and cafés, a Showcase Cinema de Lux and two large car parks.
Senator Francis G. Newlands who acquired a great deal of property in the D.C. area.
It includes The Forum at Ashley Park and the planned Newnan Village Crossing.
It originally opened for business March 28, 1973.
Meridian Mall is owned and managed by CBL & Associates Properties.
Also in 2015, Forever 21 opened in the former Smitty's and Shefield Express.
The wing featuring J.C. Penney was part of a 1985 expansion.
People's Park Centre is a medium-sized mixed-development shopping centre located adjacent to Chinatown in Singapore.
^ "New Morrisons supermarket opens in New Brighton".
In 2003 the shopping centre was purchased by the Westfield Group.
It is the largest shopping mall and retail operator in the Philippines.
Its opening triggered a rapid decline of the downtown business district, which to date has failed to recover.
Fairlane Town Center is a super-regional shopping mall in the Detroit suburb of Dearborn, Michigan.
it was inaugurated in 2012 and currently it houses 400 stores and 40 restaurants and cafes.
It includes a skybridge that connects it to Seattle's Nordstrom.
Nampa's second Edwards Cinemas opened in the center in November 2010.
The mall is owned and managed by General Growth Properties.
Entertainment located on the site includes the first Legoland Discovery Centre in Canada.
The mall is located along the busy Alabang-Zapote Road in Las Piñas.
Since then, the mall has been sold to numerous owners, each of which attempted to revitalize the mall to mixed results.
Prescott Gateway is an enclosed shopping mall in Prescott, Arizona.
The former location of M. M. Cohn was demolished in 2012 for a Regal Entertainment Group movie theater.
Jefferson Mall is a Louisville, Kentucky, shopping mall located near the intersection of Interstate 65 and Outer Loop in southern Louisville.
Set in the prime location of Lujiazui Finance and Trade Zone, Super Brand Mall has views of Shanghai's famous Bund.
Westfield Fountain Gate is a super-regional shopping centre located in Narre Warren in the outer south-eastern suburbs of Melbourne, Australia.
Westgate Entertainment District, formerly known as "Westgate City Center" is the name of a mixed-use development located in Glendale, Arizona.
Emporia opened on 25 October 2012 and the total construction expense was about 2 billion Swedish kronor.
It was developed by Copaken, White & Blitt in conjunction with Frank Morgan and Sherman Dreiseszun.
A majority of the former mall site remains fenced off.
The Country Club Plaza is named in the Project for Public Spaces' list 60 of the World's Great Places.
During the United States presidential election, 2008, Barack Obama visited Pamela's Diner for a campaign visit.
Eastern Shore Centre is Baldwin County's first large-scale, multi-anchored regional shopping center and the first lifestyle center to open in South Alabama.
A planned sale fell through in 2008.
It was opened in October 2003 by the 4th Prime Minister of Malaysia, Dato Sri Dr Mahathir bin Mohamad.
Target Canada's lease is now held by Canadian Tire.
Erin Mills Town Centre Bus Terminal is located directly in front of the main entrance of the mall.
Walmart has since been relocated to Innes Road, which opened as a Walmart Supercenter in the summer of 2005.
Strawberry Square is a mixed-use retail and commercial complex located in downtown Harrisburg, Pennsylvania.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on July 20, 1978.
Bicester Village is an outlet shopping centre on the outskirts of Bicester, a town in Oxfordshire, England.
The building was the central wholesale fruit and vegetable market in the city from 1893 to 1984.
Rivergate Mall is a shopping mall located in Goodlettsville, Tennessee, United States.
There is also an AMC Theatres multiplex.
The lake was drained and construction began in 1935.
The Highland Park Village was declared a National Historic Landmark in 2000.
The mall's anchor stores are Belk, Goody's, and Citi Trends.
It has 367,500 square feet of retail space spread over 40 acres of land, with central parking surrounded by Mediterranean-themed storefronts.
Of the 100 most profitable malls, 76 are owned by real estate investment trusts.
A new Primark store has opened adjacent to the Exchange.
City Nord has a 18,000 square meters multi-storey car park, with capacity in excess of 800 cars.
City House is home to the Dundee offices of Curtis Banks, which employs around 40 members of staff.
The Maxi store was remodeled, making the supermarket have an outdoor entrance for the first time in this mall.
Crossroads Mall is an enclosed shopping mall located in Omaha, Nebraska at the intersection of 72nd and Dodge Streets.
Sainsbury's; B&M Bargains; B&Q; Next; Pets at Home; Lidl & Aldi are all within walking distance of the shopping centre.
Stockland Traralgon is a shopping centre located in the CBD of Traralgon, Victoria.
It was sold to Next Retail India Ltd. of Mumbai, the retail arm of Videocon, in November 2007.
It was built in 1985 and is the largest mall in its area.
The huge complex currently has 120,000 shoppers on weekdays and 150,000 on weekends.
Anchor stores include Lowe's, Wal-Mart, Target, Best Buy, Sam's Club, and two Publix supermarkets.
Fields Department Stores joined to a Pantry Pride supermarket.
The demolitions left both JC Penney and the former Steinbach as stand-alone buildings, separated from the rest of the mall.
There are four recreational sporting activity centres, such as rock climbing, baseball batting cages, futsal and a diving academy.
Clayton Square sees tough competition from the likes of Liverpool One, St.Johns, Metquarter, Church Street, Lord Street and Bold Street.
Major anchor stores include Dick's Sporting Goods, Dillard's, J. C. Penney, Macy's, Nordstrom Rack, and Sears.
It is the largest shopping centre in Gippsland.
The mall became insolvent in 2012, and was bought by real estate investor Ioannis Papalekas for €17.3 million.
Everyman Cinemas opened its first premises outside London, a 3,700 m2 four screen art-house cinema.
It is the first shopping centre to be built in Malaysia.
It is located at 1300 West Sunset Road.
Central Plaza Rama 3 is a shopping center located on Sathu Pradit Road in Yan Nawa district, Bangkok, Thailand.
The shopping mall welcomes 150,000 visitors daily.
Gold Souk Grandé is a shopping mall, in the city of Chennai.
Parabanks Shopping Centre is a shopping centre located in the major shopping area of Salisbury, a suburb in the northern part of Metropolitan Adelaide, South Australia.
Office parking will be provided in the Houston Pavilions' 1,675 garage located on the corner of Main and Polk.
It is a subsidiary of Ayala Corporation.
The office tower is home to the Anchorage branch of iHeartMedia, including the studios of radio stations KASH, KBFX, KENI, KGOT, KTZN and KYMG.
meters with a lot area of 35,000 sq.
It contains over 150 stores and services with seven major tenants.
Opened in 1979, the mall has more than 30 stores, with Hancock Fabrics and Sears as anchor stores.
Augusta Mall has six anchors: Dillard's, JCPenney, Sears, Macy's, Dick's Sporting Goods, and Barnes & Noble.
It has 4 anchors in operation include Belk, JCPenney, Peebles and Gold's Gym, with former anchors including Books-A-Million and Steve & Barry's.
New stores include Best Buy, Target, JCPenney, Walmart, Sam's Club, and Kohl's, located on Parallel Parkway.
The entire mall covers roughly 1.4 million square feet.
Gwinnett Place Mall is an American regional shopping center located in Duluth, Georgia, in Gwinnett County.
It is a more upmarket competitor of Sim Lim Square, the latter of which caters more to the general masses.
Popular full-service restaurants include Chili's Bar & Grill, the Chop House, Outback Steakhouse and Tidewater Grill.
Owned and managed by Fitzroys, the centre is the site of the first Kmart to be built in Australia, opening on 30 April 1969.
This project is owned by Mr. Hossain Hossaini.
Just after it opened, the shopping centre won the inaugural Carbuncle Cup "for crimes against architecture", as the worst new building in the United Kingdom.
The mall was constructed in 1995-1997 behind the former Arthur Barnett building in George Street which was designed by Edmund Anscombe and completed in 1924.
The mall is located at the intersection of Loop 12 and US 75.
ShoppingTown Mall is a regional shopping mall in Dewitt, New York.
SM Megamall is a shopping mall located in the Ortigas business district of Metro Manila, Philippines.
The mall's end came with the bankruptcy of Macy's and its closing of the New Rochelle branch in 1992.
The mall has four anchor stores: Burlington Coat Factory, JCPenney, Macy's and Sears.
It was the first enclosed shopping center within 70 miles of Madison with its grand opening October 15, 1970.
At the same time, Macy's added 75,000 square feet to its existing footprint, bringing its total square footage to more than 220,000 square feet.
The concourse level includes a Barnes & Noble bookstore, AT&T and GameStop.
International Market World is a very large flea market just west of Auburndale, Florida.
As of 2017, only Shopko and Carpet One remain at the location.
The Gates is to close to undergo a £30million redevelopment which will include an Odeon Cinema and the new complex will be named The Riverwalk.
Built in 1972, the centre has been the subject of numerous redevelopment projects undertaken by Salford City Council.
Outparcel restaurants include Logan's Roadhouse, Cajun Steamer, and Red Robin Gourmet Burgers.
Bill Moore of Aiken, South Carolina purchased and restored the building in 1988.
The Mailbox is about 300 metres long from front to back including The Cube.
It was the first indoor shopping mall in the state.
The center features a popular public playground, outdoor dining and picnic area, unique sculptures and public art, multiple restaurant options, free Wi-Fi, and on-site parking.
Also located in the Country Club Mall is the Country Club Mall 8 Cinemas, the largest movie theatre in Allegany County.
Managed by Simon Property Group, the mall's anchors include Sears, JCPenney, Macy's, and Lord & Taylor.
The Oakway Department store closed after only six years and was subdivided.
It is now New Zealand's third-largest mall by retail space.
Anchor stores include JCPenney, Macy's, and Sears.
On December 10, 2012 the mall was sold to Ladstone Holdings Ltd and was renamed Pakuranga Plaza.
It is the primary retail component of the 150-acre master-planned community.
It is located along Kilometre 35 Governor's Drive, Brgy.
The Christiana Mall is a super-regional shopping mall located between the cities of Newark and Wilmington, Delaware, United States.
Despite the opening of the larger University Mall in 1977, the mall survived an additional 30 years.
The center is located in Cummings Research Park at the intersection of Old Madison Pike, Interstate 565, and Research Park Boulevard.
Central Plaza Rama 2 is a shopping center located on Rama II Rd in Bang Khunthian district, Bangkok, Thailand.
It is anchored by The Bon-Ton, Boscov's, and Sears.
It is the second-largest mall in Tarrant County, Texas, with North East Mall being largest.
Westfield Galleria at Roseville is an upscale shopping mall in Roseville, California, United States.
Westfield Fashion Square continues to be the premier shopping destination of the San Fernando Valley.
The Bay expanded in 1999, taking over a large section of the north side's upper level, and reducing the number of smaller shops.
In approximately 2005, a new movie theater owned by Premiere Cinemas opened in the mall.
Opened in 2003, the Boulevard at the Capital Centre is next to the Largo Town Center Washington Metro station.
The mall consists of two buildings connected by a bridgeway.
River Roads Mall was an enclosed shopping mall located in the city of Jennings, a suburb of St. Louis, Missouri, United States.
The largest enclosed shopping mall in Mississippi, it is composed of 1,250,000 square feet of retail space on two levels, including four anchor spaces.
Facing even more department store consolidation, L. S. Ayres closed in January 1992.
It was the first successful downtown retail center since the rise of suburban shopping centers decades earlier.
Orchard Square features a customer loyalty card called the VIP Card.
The centre is noted for its size: it has a retail floor area of 150,000 m², the equivalent of about 30 football pitches.
Galeries de Granby is a regional shopping mall in Granby, Quebec, Canada.
Brookwood Village is a 750,754-square-foot upscale shopping mall located near Birmingham in "the cities of Mountain Brook and Homewood, Alabama".
The property includes the only monorail in Hawaiʻi, the only emergency clinic located on mall property, and an eight story office complex.
The mall extends over an area of 160,000 sq., of which 55,000 sq.
Century City Mall is a shopping mall within the Century City complex in Makati, Metro Manila, Philippines.
Caneland houses two foodcourts, including one overlooking the Pioneer River.
Simon renovated the mall in 1998, adding skylights and new flooring.
Mid Rivers Mall includes over 140 shops and four anchor stores; junior anchors include V∙Stock, Dick's Sporting Goods and a 14-screen Wehrenberg Ciné.
Among the developments were a new Annex building which opened in December 2008, and Sky Garden which opened in May 2009.
It was opened as a strip mall in 1957, with Gimbels as its center piece anchor tenant.
The mall has always had a larger grocery store within it and for many years until the early 2000s also had a Zellers discount department store
Plans have been made to renovate and expand the complex on a 7-acre land plot.
There are specialty "foodie" stores tucked away in the back corner by Harris Teeter such as the Savory Spice Shop  and Midtown Olive Oil.
Westmoreland Outlet World is a large outlet center located off of U.S. Route 30 in Greensburg, Pennsylvania, near the Westmoreland Mall.
The shopping center opened in October of the year 1998, and has a total area of 335,000 square feet.
The property is owned and operated by WP Glimcher.
The Mobile Festival Centre is a shopping mall located in Mobile, Alabama.
Derby Street Shoppes is an upscale outdoor shopping center in Hingham, Massachusetts.
Bellis Fair is an enclosed shopping mall in Bellingham, Washington.
Westfield UTC, formerly known as University Towne Centre, is a one-million square-foot, three-level outdoor shopping center in the University City community of San Diego, California.
The mall opened its doors in 1968.
Pickering Town Centre is a large regional shopping mall located in Pickering, Ontario, Canada.
Unusually among lifestyle centers, Newport on the Levee is more an entertainment center than a retail hub.
Bordered by three major commuter roads, Kingsway Mall is situated near NAIT and the Royal Alexandra Hospital.
It is the largest shopping area in the ceremonial county of Shropshire, being located roughly equidistant between Shrewsbury, the county town, and the West Midlands conurbation.
This whole area is sometimes referred to Mid Valley City.
Three extra mall entrances, new building facades and 40,000 square feet of new retail space was involved in the redevelopment, including new restaurants and interior designs.
Hulen Mall is a diverse-scale shopping mall located in southwest Fort Worth, Texas.
Southpark Mall is a shopping mall serving the Tri-Cities, Virginia area, which itself is part of the much larger Richmond-Petersburg metropolitan area.
City Sentral was a planned major new retail and leisure development in the heart of the Staffordshire city of Stoke-on-Trent.
The Village of Rochester Hills features more than fifty inline tenants as well as two anchor stores: a Carson's department store and a Whole Foods Market.
It closed in 1987 and became a Woodward & Lothrop outlet store.
If approved, the expansion would make St. Laurent the tenth largest mall in Canada.
This mall was one of the largest outlet malls in the country at the time.
Located across the street from Macy's is the South Hills Village light rail station.
It is located on the corner of Victoria and Burnley Streets, Richmond at the eastern end of the Richmond commercial, retail and residential precinct.
It was added to the Queensland Heritage Register on 21 October 1992.
It is one of the busiest shopping malls in Hong Kong.
The complex was expanded in 1973 and 1981 and was renovated in 1992 and 2007.
The mall has a gross leasable area of 985,000 sq ft.
The distinctive clock tower in the open courtyard became the symbol of both the shopping center and the village.
The street address for the Mall is 555 John F. Kennedy Road.
The center was to include around 150 stores and a multiplex with eight screens.
It is currently the largest shopping mall in Singapore in terms of number of tenants and the largest in western Singapore too.
The store opened on October 6, 2012.
The mall has 4.5 million square feet of total floor area, out of which 1.7 million square feet is leasable space.
In January 2017, Forbes recognized Grand Indonesia Shopping Town as one of the top five shopping malls in Jakarta.
It has been founded in 2006 in Sarajevo with purpose to invest in real estate projects in Bosnia & Herzegovina.
The mall opened in 1993 as a result of the efforts of Chinese activists who wanted more land from the city of Chicago.
It is generally still referred to by its former name of Wood Green Shopping City; the signage on the building still uses that name.
Other tenants today include Ichiban Hibachi, HomeGoods, Kirkland's, Famous Footwear and others.
Construction began in 1952 and the mall opened on March 22, 1954.
Twelve Oaks Mall is a full line super-regional shopping mall with over 180 stores which is located in Novi, Michigan, a suburb of Detroit.
It was officially opened in September 2004.
There are plans for a further $80 million retail development on this site subject to approval by City of Marion Council.
Mall of Montenegro is a shopping mall located in the Podgorica, Montenegro.
Ambarrukmo Plaza is a shopping mall in Yogyakarta with a building area of 120,000 m2.
In 2015, H&M, American Girl, Best Buy Mobile, and Kings Bowling opened in the former Sears on the upper level above Belk.
Prior to the redevelopment, the shopping centre had four main major stores including a four-level Myer, Kmart, Target, Coles and Toys 'R' Us.
Apart from retail spaces, the development encompasses one 36-storey condominium block and one office block under phase 2.
Birchwood Mall is an enclosed shopping mall located in Fort Gratiot Township, outside the city of Port Huron, Michigan, United States.
Parking is attached with around 1700 spaces.
A new, larger AMC movie theater later opened in 2004.
Mall 205 is an enclosed shopping mall located at the junction of Interstate 205 and S.E.
As Moline is part of the Quad Cities of Illinois and Iowa, the mall serves the population of these cities.
It is located in downtown Pasadena between Colorado Boulevard to the north and Green Street to the south.
Around 40,000 residents live in this 190.6 hectare barangay.
In May 2003, the mall was sold to Hopkins Real Estate of Newport Beach.
In 2012, the mall had 4.8 million visitors.
With the gross leasable area of 1,150,000 sq ft, it is the second largest shopping mall in Northern India and the eleventh largest in India.
Fort Saginaw Mall was an enclosed shopping mall located in Buena Vista Township, just outside the city of Saginaw, Michigan, United States.
St. Francis Square Mall is a mall located in the heart of Ortigas Center and part of the St. Francis Square Complex.
The Oasis Shopping Centre is located on the Broadbeach Mall in Broadbeach, Gold Coast, Queensland, Australia.
In early 2017, two of the center's prominent anchors, Macy's and Gander Mountain, announced plans to close their stores.
Subway remains the only store in the food court.
The area includes a walking path and various gardens.
Big K-Edwards closed and Wilson's Catalog Showrooms moved into the space.
Mall del Norte is a super regional shopping mall in Laredo, Texas.
BBI Center is a shopping gallery in Sarajevo, built in the city center with an investment worth more than 35 million EUR.
Additionally, there lies a mosaic of blue tiles which curves around on the ground of the rotunda.
Parquesur is a shopping mall and entertainment center of the city of Leganés, in Spain, 7 kilometers from the capital, Madrid.
Located at the mall is one Cinemark theater, down from two.
The mall is located in the Aricanduva Avenue, district of Cidade Líder, São Paulo.
Windsor Park Mall was a shopping mall located on the northeast side of San Antonio, Texas, off Interstate 35 and Walzem Road.
The centre was opened in November 1986 as a convenience centre anchored by a Coles Supermarket along with 46 speciality stores.
Christown Spectrum Mall also has a Walgreens and a Harkins Theatres 14 as out-parcel anchors.
This included the addition of Target and Best & Less to the centre as major anchor retailers.
It also contains the Devonian Gardens, a unique 2.5-acre glass-enclosed indoor botanical park, which reopened to the public on July 27, 2012 after a complete renovation.
The mall is owned by CapitaMall Trust.
It is owned and operated by SM Prime Holdings, under the management of Henry Sy, a Filipino-Chinese business tycoon.
The Gyle Shopping Centre is located in the South Gyle area of Edinburgh, Scotland.
Paseo Reforma is a regional 425,174 ft² indoor mall located in Nuevo Laredo, Tamaulipas, Mexico south in the city's retail district.
It is managed and co-owned by Urban Retail Properties.
The league temporarily relocated the store in a smaller space at 590 Fifth Avenue until August 2015.
The mall would go into a state of decline in the late 1990s and 2000s, leading up to its closure on February 27, 2006.
Robinsons Metro East is situated along Marikina–Infanta Highway, located at the boundaries between the barangays of Dela Paz in Pasig and San Roque in Marikina, Philippines.
The Marshall Field's store was officially renamed Macy's on September 9, 2006.
In October 2009 the centre had undergone a £5million refurbishment and rebranding with new floors, canopies and lights as well as modern street furniture and art.
Tanglewood Mall is located at the intersection of US 220 and Route 419.
Each store decides whether it allows pets.
The mall has a gross floor area of 144,002 m2 making it the 2nd largest shopping mall in Mindanao  After SM CDO Downtown Premier.
The Tokyo Disney Resort is a theme park and vacation resort located in Urayasu, Chiba, Japan, just east of Tokyo.
There's a hotel attached to it called "Elaf Jeddah".
Opened in 1970 as an enclosed shopping mall, the center was re-developed in 1996 as a power centre, retaining the name Brighton Mall.
Another Santafé Commercial Center was opened in Medellin on May 2010.
Springfield Mall is a 589,000-square-foot regional shopping mall located approximately 10 miles southwest of Philadelphia in Springfield Township, Delaware County, Pennsylvania.
There are also an automotive shop and a culinary program run by students from Beloit Memorial High School.
Woolworths was the first store in open in the centre, being officially opened at 5pm on 14 November 2016.
Fairview, it is based in Lagro area.
The Plaza Côte-des-Neiges is a mid-size two stories mall located in the Côte-des-Neiges–Notre-Dame-de-Grâce borough of Montreal, Quebec, Canada and constructed in 1968.
The mall features Macy’s, Kohl's, J. C. Penney, Sears, and about 120 specialty stores and eateries.
The scheme opened in October 2004 with Phase 1 of the development providing 390,946 sq ft of retail accommodation.
Gallery I and most of Gallery II are now closed as part of a renovation of the mall, which will be renamed Fashion Outlets of Philadelphia.
Penney's and Sears were retained from the old mall.
Euclid Square Mall was a shopping mall in Euclid, Ohio, United States.
It is managed by The Macerich Company.
For other malls of the same name, see Eastland Mall.
Broughton Shopping Park is a retail park situated in Broughton, Flintshire.
Walt Whitman Shops was the first enclosed mall located on Long Island.
Westfield Sydney is a shopping centre operated by Scentre Group and located beneath the Sydney Tower in the Sydney central business district.
The first phase of Southtown Center opened on November 3, 1960, with two more phases proceeding in 1963 and 1964.
Its current main anchor store is a Home Depot.
World Trade Park is a shopping mall in India which is situated in Malviya Nagar, Jaipur, Rajasthan, India.
The mall is owned by Urban Retail.
Demolition of the mall began in March 2013.
It opened on November 15, 2002 with a total gross floor area of 87,837 m2 on a 5.2 hectares land.
It is located at the intersection of Maple Avenue and Fairview Street, south of the Queen Elizabeth Way.
Collectively, the two centers were sometimes referred to as "Totem Lake Malls".
The anchor stores are Macy's, JCPenney and Sears.
Forever 21 moved into the upper level of the former Mervyn's in 2010.
Its current anchor stores are Dillard's, JCPenney, Macy's, Nordstrom Rack, Sears, and Whole Foods Market.
The Shops at Atlas Park is an open-air lifestyle center located in the Glendale neighborhood of Queens, New York City, United States.
On June 26, 2015, "The Pier Shops at Caesars" was renamed "Playground Pier".
Churchill Square is accessible directly by car or bus, or a five- to ten-minute walk from Brighton station.
The centre also features the iconic ‘Dome’ which offers the best views of the city.'
Ala Moana Center, commonly known simply as Ala Moana, is the largest shopping mall in Hawaii.
The mall has over 90 stores and is anchored by Boscov's, Lord & Taylor and Sears.
The expanded center was opened on 10 November 2011 by the mayor of Bodø, Ole-Henrik Hjartøy, and the CEO of Coop Nordland, Lars Arve Jakobsen.
Lincoln Mall was a shopping mall located at the corner of U.S. Route 30 and Cicero Avenue in Matteson, Illinois, United States.
The Shopping centre is located in the heart of Athlone town enclosing a site on Dublin Gate Street and Gleeson Street.
Materials for its construction were supplied locally by Charles F. Lombard's foundry.
It was the largest shopping mall in York Region until 2004 when Vaughan Mills opened.
square foot mall located in the northern Houston suburb of Humble.
The Overgate Centre is a shopping centre in Dundee, Scotland.
CSI Bayambang is a community mall in town of Bayambang, a first class municipality in the southern part of central Pangasinan.
According to the Simon Property Group website, Cordova Mall is the third-most popular tourist destination in the Florida Panhandle, and serves eight million shoppers a year.
Mahatma Jyotiba Phule Mandi, Marathi: महात्मा ज्योतिबा फुले मंडई is one of South Mumbai's most famous markets.
In 2005, it was acquired by The Mall Company and rebranded throughout as The Mall Epsom.
Fashion Show Mall is a shopping mall located on the Las Vegas Strip in Paradise, Nevada, and is owned by General Growth Properties Inc.
The centre opened on 3 October 1960 and was the first self-contained regional shopping centre in Melbourne.
Edward J. DeBartolo, Sr.'s DeBartolo Corporation built the mall, which opened on October 28, 1965.
East Gate Square is a shopping center complex located along the border between Moorestown and Mount Laurel in New Jersey.
Westfield Fashion Square, formerly Sherman Oaks Fashion Square, is a shopping mall in the Sherman Oaks area of Los Angeles, California and Van Nuys, Los Angeles.
North Star Realty of Georgia purchased the mall in 2009.
It is a one-level, enclosed regional mall.
It is owned by General Growth Properties.
The larger stores in the complex are Jumbo_(hypermarkets), Falabella, and the Cine Colombia and Zara.
It houses many inexpensive clothing outlets as well as eateries which attract a young crowd.
Many of the national brands have left, leaving parts of the mall either vacant or replaced by local shops.
Eponymously named after Barton Creek, Texas, the shopping mall was built in 1980.
Las Catalinas Mall is an enclosed shopping mall located in Caguas, Puerto Rico.
The mall is known for its safety.
SM City San Mateo is a shopping mall owned by the largest mall developer in the Philippines, SM Prime Holdings.
It is undergoing redevelopment works, and is slated to be completed at the end of 2019.
The mall opened in 1969 and was expanded or renovated in 1970, 1988, 2006, and 2015.
The mall is adjacent to the former Hyatt Regency Dearborn and former Ritz Carlton hotels.
On May 8, 2017 the mall was severely damaged by a hailstorm.
Greeneville Commons is the largest shopping complex in Greeneville.
Opened in 1978, it features Bergner's, Kohl's, Von Maur, and Hobby Lobby as its anchor stores.
Nucleus Mall has won Realty Plus Excellence Award for 2012 in the category of environment-friendly commercial project of the year in South India.
'The Oasis Alternative Fashion Store' is a shopping centre in the centre of Birmingham, England, known for selling a variety of alternative fashion and gothic fashion.
The Kingsgate Centre is an indoor shopping centre located in the town centre of Dunfermline, Fife, Scotland.
The mall is located on Pine Grove Avenue, north of Interstate 69 and I-94.
When it opened on 17 September 2004, its floor space was the largest in Kagoshima, surpassing the Yamakataya department store.
It is located on the A62 near M62 Junction 27, between Birstall and Gildersome.
Crabtree Valley contains over 220 stores and is anchored by Belk, Sears, and Macy's.
Other tenants include Barnes & Noble, Old Navy, The Grande Theatre is a 16-screen multiplex cinema operated by Regal Cinemas.
Hulen mall opened in 1977, and is anchored by three major department stores and contains over 140 specialty shops and stores.
The Ashley Centre is a shopping centre, in Epsom, Surrey.
ERA Centre, formerly Toa Payoh Entertainment Centre located near Toa Payoh Bus Interchange and Toa Payoh, beside HDB Hub & Orange Tee Building.
Jordan Landing also contains 12 dine-in restaurants, and 13 fast-food establishments, mostly of the national chain variety.
Colonnade at State College is an open-air shopping center located just off North Atherton Street in State College, Pennsylvania.
In 2002, John Wessman of Wessman Development bought the property and proposed a significant redevelopment on the whole site.
It is connected to the casino via a second-story skybridge.
Vancouver Mall is a shopping mall owned by Cenntenial Real Estate, and is located in the Portland suburb of Vancouver, Washington, U.S.
MarQuee Mall is a shopping mall owned and operated by the North Beacon Commercial Corporation, a 100 % wholly owned subsidiary of Ayala Land.
Anchor tenants include a Carrefour hypermarket and Marks & Spencer, and the first floor features an ice rink.
The mall is managed by GK Development.
The center is located south of Allentown, near Pennsylvania Route 309 and Interstate 78, in Upper Saucon Township.
It was the main wholesale market for fruits in Mumbai until March 1996, when the wholesale traders were relocated to Navi Mumbai.
Raleigh Springs Mall was an enclosed shopping mall serving the city of Memphis, Tennessee, USA.
The Outlets at Legends is an upscale outlet center in Sparks, Nevada, owned and managed by RED Development.
Other early tenants included McCrory Stores, Walgreens, and a two-screen movie theater.
The Fashion Center is a shopping center located in Paramus, New Jersey.
The mall is anchored by JCPenney, Macy's, Dillard's, and Dick's Sporting Goods.
Galleries Shopping Centre, commonly shortened to The Galleries, is a shopping centre located in Washington, Tyne and Wear, England.
The Worcester Regional Transit Authority offers express service between the Worcester City Hall and the Shoppes on Bus Route #20.
It has a gross leasable area of 700,000 square feet in "The Waterfront" and 400,000 square feet in "The Town Center."
By 1990, a second storey was added and the façade was altered to mimic the original 1900s railway station.
City Centre Deira is located in Dubai, United Arab Emirates, and is the original flagship mall in the Majid Al Futtaim Properties portfolio.
In April 2006, the mall was purchased by DCG Development, a Clifton Park-based development firm.
The Al Aali Shopping Complex is located near the eastern end at the entrance near the Marks and Spencer store.
The mall contains a J. C. Penney, the only remaining anchor store.
The amusement park and monorail were both shut down after an accident.
There is a United States Post Office in the mall that is open 7 days a week and open until 7pm.
The mall is located at the intersection of U.S. Route 22 and U.S. Route 202/U.S.
The original Cinnabon opened at SeaTac Mall in December 1985.
At 603,618 square feet, it is New Hampshire's fourth largest mall, with nearly 100 shops, all on one level.
Opened in 1976, it is located off Interstate 85 at exit 20, N. New Hope Road, and the mall houses around 70 stores.
It is a three-story urban-style shopping mall with 150 shops and is anchored by a Macy's and a Nordstrom.
The mall is called Kuningan City Mall, apartment complex is named Denpasar Residences and the office tower is named AXA Tower.
With 43,000 m² gross floor area, it features a Farmers, Kmart, Countdown, an Event Cinemas 8 screen cinema complex and over 160 shops.
store opened at the mall in 1993.
The mall is currently owned by CBL & Associates Properties.
The center court features a variety of different functions, from fashion and flower shows, to art exhibits and Santa Claus at Christmas time.
Opening in 1966, it was the first enclosed shopping mall in New York's Capital Region.
The Dundee Central Library is even adjacent to the third floor of the centre, which is level with Victoria Road.
Opened in 1980, the mall features Dick's Sporting Goods, J.C. Penney and Dillard's as its anchor stores.
In 2014, Sears closed its doors at Bayshore Town Center.
Galatasaray Beyoğlu Hasnun Galip Volleyball Academy is the volleyball academy of Galatasaray Sports Club in İstanbul, Turkey.
Northland Mall is a shopping mall in Appleton, Wisconsin.
Northwoods Mall is a 130-store regional 833,833-square-foot indoor shopping mall located in North Charleston, South Carolina.
It will include a Von Maur department store.
Nittany Mall is an enclosed regional shopping mall in State College, Pennsylvania.
Forum Vijaya Mall is a shopping mall located in Vadapalani, Chennai, Tamil Nadu, India, developed by Prestige Group.
Newport on the Levee is a shopping center located on Third Street in Newport, Kentucky.
It is owned by The Pyramid Company.
Today the mall, including its clock, is home to a multi-franchise "auto mall" known as Driver's Village.
The mall is about 830,000 square feet, and has a high-rise building.
Officially opened on March 9, 1984, it has a 17-floor office tower and a seven-storey shopping mall with a basement.
The Waterfront is accessible from the Parkway East via the Homestead High-Level Bridge, now known as the Homestead Grays Bridge.
The West Hollywood Gateway is a regional shopping center in West Hollywood, California, United States.
The standalone McDonald's immediately adjacent to the street corner is actually an outparcel tenant of the centre.
The centre is owned and managed by The Westfield Group.
Mall Aventura Plaza Arequipa is a shopping mall under construction in Arequipa, Peru.
Springfield Town Center is an shopping center in Springfield, Virginia.
The two-level mall added an 8 unit food court in 1997 and received its first renovation in 2002.
The mall's groundbreaking took place in 2002 and was opened in October 2004.
The structure includes ornate details and ironwork and is considered High Victorian architecture.
The new mall, located at Bangyai intersection, opened in August 2015.
Other popular tenants include Cold Storage, Harvey Norman, POPULAR Bookstore and Timezone.
It is 1.4 km in length and has 4 stations.
Surrounding the mall is a large, but generally unkept, parking lot.
The mall is located just north of the junction of Interstate 75 and Interstate 675.
As of 2016, its anchor tenants were Barnes & Noble, Belk, Old Navy, and World Market.
The St. Johns Town Center is an upscale super-regional open-air mall in southeast Jacksonville, Florida.
It was built in 1973 and is currently anchored by J.C. Penney, Hudson's Furniture, and Sears.
It was built on the site of the former kilns of the Northcote Brickworks Ltd(1882-1977) and opened in 1981.
The cinema complex Cine Grand has six halls with a total capacity of 1,340 seats.
The square is a meeting place for the citizens of Sarajevo.
Dutchess Mall was an enclosed shopping mall in Fishkill, New York, United States.
Park Royal currently markets itself as five star shopping and has undergone significant changes to attain this.
It is located in the Peninsula of the San Francisco Bay Area, 10 miles south of San Francisco.
It also is home to Green Valley Hypermarket.
Inlet Square Mall is a 434,482-square-foot single-level regional shopping center in Murrells Inlet.
Like many of its counterparts in North America, Place d'Orléans has been struggling to survive in the era of the big-box "power centres".
It is located along the Mississippi River waterfront, stretching from the base of Canal Street, upriver to the New Orleans Morial Convention Center.
The mall opened on August 29, 1990 and has four anchor stores: Bass Pro Shops, Burlington Coat Factory, Dillard's, and Target.
Work began on the Centre in Summer 1987 and it opened on 26 September 1989.
A bingohall and cinema also form part of the shopping complex.
Dandenong Plaza is a major-regional shopping centre located in the heart of Dandenong built adjoining Myer Dandenong in 1989.
Southtown Mall was an enclosed shopping mall in Fort Wayne, Indiana.
The Gottschalks store closed after the chain went into bankruptcy in March 2009.
The mall includes the Lloyd Center Ice Rink where Olympian Tonya Harding first learned to skate.
Southmall Manurewa is a shopping centre located in Manurewa, a suburb of Auckland, New Zealand, located 24.7 kilometres south of the Auckland CBD.
A number of other tenants also underwent renovations, including Crate & Barrel and The Limited.
Cascades Shopping Centre is an enclosed shopping centre in the city centre of Portsmouth on the South Coast of England.
The Brass Mill Center is a shopping mall located in Waterbury, Connecticut.
From 8 September 2012, idol group JKT48 perform regularly in their theater, take place on the fourth floor of the mall.
Its anchor stores are JCPenney, Macy's, Sears, Target and Dillard's.
From the Town Square the Main Street and Civic Way branch out to separate the four quadrants.
Mizner Park is a lifestyle center in downtown Boca Raton, Florida.
Atirus Shopping Center, opened on December 17, 2005, is a modern shopping mall located in the suburban district of Büyükçekmece in Istanbul, Turkey.
Orchard Road, a 2.2 kilometre-long boulevard, is the retail and entertainment hub of Singapore.
The complex is located minutes away from San Francisco International Airport.
It is located in northern Henrico County along U.S. Route 1 near the intersection of Interstate 295.
Fifteen anchor retailers are present, including Bass Pro Shops Outdoor World, H&M, The Children's Place, and Urban Planet.
Additional featured retailers include Chili's Grill & Bar, Five Guys, Panera Bread and Starbucks.
The building has three floors, a parking lot on the bottom floor and a separate parking building and an office tower.
Bayshore Shopping Centre is a major shopping mall located in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada.
One of these shopping centers was Chevy Chase Center Stores, now known as The Collection.
It also features the Regal North Hills Stadium 14 movie theater, a Fitness Connection, Genealogy Boutique & Formals, Natural Body Spa and other service businesses.
This lifestyle center which was to include three lifestyle-type tenants, two big boxes, an additional department store and new restaurants never materialized.
Omache Shopping Center is a shopping mall located in Omak, Washington, which is a city in the Okanogan region of United States.
Masonville Place is a two-storey regional shopping mall located in London, Ontario, Canada, at the southeast corner of Fanshawe Park Road and Richmond Street.
in 1977 to join the offices of Skyline City.
In its heyday, it housed retailers such as Big Dog Sportswear, Osh Kosh B'Gosh, Buck-A-Book, and a Sbarro pizzeria.
Woodlands Boulevard is a 71 000 m² shopping centre and is located at the corner of Garsfontein Rd and De Villebois Mareuil Drive, in Pretoria East.
The mall includes Marks and Spencer, as well as a range of movies, music, books, coffee shops, a food court, supermarket and restaurants.
The Verge has two buildings, the main building and Chill @ The Verge.
The centre is unusual in that it is built on stilts over Prince's Dock after which it is named.
Sunrise Mall is a two-story, enclosed shopping mall in Corpus Christi, Texas.
It serves as a major retail destination for the communities of Frankfort, Homer Glen, Mokena, New Lenox, Oak Forest, Orland Hills, Orland Park, and Tinley Park.
This renovation included a new food court and new interiors, including higher ceilings.
It spans three city blocks and contains approximately 160 retailers on four levels.
The centre is anchored by Dunnes Stores, and it is overall the largest store in the shopping centre.
It was followed by an expansion in 1977 which added 140,000 sq ft of retail space, and another expansion in 1981.
Highland Village was built in the mid-1940s by S.N.
Nashik City Centre Mall is a place where so many vendors doing business Shopping Mall complex in Nashik, Maharashtra, India.
Castle Plaza is a shopping centre located in the Adelaide suburb of Edwardstown approximately 7 km from the CBD, along South Road.
Agana Shopping Center also features recognized home-grown businesses such as Pay-Less Supermarkets and Shirley's Coffee Shop.
Mayor Lo Walker worked successfully to keep the firm open under new management.
Taman Anggrek also hosts the world's largest LED display recorded by Guinness World Record.
J.C. Penney and Macy's remained until early 2010, and Sears until 2014.
The mall's redevelopment began with the opening of The Block in July 2006.
It has a Friendswood mailing address, and it is also in proximity to Webster and the NASA Johnson Space Center.
The mall was renovated in 2011 with updated entrances, new carpeting and tile, energy-efficient lighting, and updated restrooms.
The group has planned to construct malls in Thiruvananthapuram,Lucknow, Chennai, Bengaluru and Hyderabad.
Place Greenfield Park is a large strip mall located in Greenfield Park, Quebec.
Alderwood is Snohomish County's largest mall and one of the major malls in the Puget Sound region.
Dayton Mall is owned by Washington Prime Group, a Columbus-based firm, which acquired the complex in 1997.
Considering the general architectural design of most enclosed shopping malls, it does not have much opportunity to create an interactive streetscape along its surrounding sidewalk areas.
The Eugene Mall was a car-free zone in the heart of Eugene, Oregon, designed to encourage pedestrian access to shopping and entertainment areas.
It is owned by Macerich, a subsidiary of The Macerich Company.
The mall, built in 1978, was one of the only buildings on this section of King Street.
Surrounding the mall area there are also many other stores and restaurants.
The plaza has three restaurants, one grocery store, two thrift stores, and one department store.
The BCNA is open to the public and meets the second Friday of every other month at the Bishops Corner Senior Center.
Its original name was Permian Mall and it opened in 1980.
Grand Central Shopping Centre is a retail shopping centre in Toowoomba, Queensland, Australia.
The centre is currently owned by the CFS Retail Property Trust.
It is being redeveloped and until January 25, 2016, it was known as Hazelton Lanes.
The store has a total of 8 floors and sells many luxury products.
It is Kauai's largest mall and only regional mall.
New Sudbury Centre has 110 stores and 562,619 square feet of retail space spanning 2 stories.
Centro Coyoacán, also known as Centro Comercial Coyoacán, is a shopping mall located on Av.
The Accra Mall is a shopping center in Accra, Ghana, located on the Spintex road adjacent to the Tema Motorway.
The mall is managed by WP Glimcher.
The town of Morley is located close by, as is the boundary between the City of Leeds and Kirklees.
The exteriors are largely of faience from the Burmantofts Pottery, and the interiors of the arcades contain a number of mosaics and plentiful use of marble.
It has 94 stores and services including Safeway, Cineplex Cinemas, Designer Shoe Warehouse and Chapters.
It is considered Canada's first lifestyle centre and occupies an area of 2,746,063 sq ft  in the L section of Brossard.
With the rapid growth of the area's population, however, the mall has started to reposition itself to better serve the needs of the residential community.
It is owned by Goodman Properties and managed by 6711 GLEN BURNIE RETAIL LLC, a subsidiary of LNR Property LLC..
The Institute and bookstore opened in 2012.
The process was similar to Saks Fifth Avenue's renovation and replacement of Jacobson's old store.
On November 23, 2011, the mall was ranked in a Weather Channel news article titled "The Most Congested Malls for Black Friday".
An old warehouse, which was part of these yards was incorporated into the centre and is now used as office and retail space.
On August 15, 2013, Wilkow announced that the winning name was Paddock Shops, with nearly 30% of the vote, and new signage was immediately installed.
The Strathcona County Public Library was located in the mall from 1992 to 2010, when it moved into a new building.
Since 2003, the mall has been managed by the Southfield, Michigan-based Forbes Company, which also operates several other upscale malls in Michigan and Florida.
Many of the anchors, including JC Penney and Burdines had moved in from the Hollywood Fashion Center.
Regular competitions are also held for VIP card holders.
The complex has traditionally had two anchor stores, located at the northern and southern entrances.
Orlando International Premium Outlets is an outdoor outlet mall in Orlando, Florida, United States along the northern end of International Drive.
The Orlando Fashion Square Mall is a two-story indoor shopping mall located in Orlando, Florida.
Collectively, more than 5 million people visit these attractions annually.
To date, it is the last Mills mall built in the United States.
The Village sits across from Mercer University, with access to I-75, InTown Macon and as well as Downtown Macon.
But soon, both stores were closed because of low traffic.
Demolition began on the former Higbee's/Dillard's building on December 29, 2014.
It was built in 1988 by McArthur/Glen Group of Washington, D.C.
The mall was built on the grounds of the former "Fairyland" amusement park.
The Shawnee Mall is a regional shopping mall and trade area located in Shawnee, Oklahoma.
City Centre Patna is an upcoming mall and multiplex at Patna Museum, Patna, Bihar, India.
The shopping centre is a project of the real estate company Bahria Town.
Coronado is one of 4 malls located in the Albuquerque area.
That mall greatly expanded its food court and added 12 screens with stadium style seating in 2001.
Built in 2002, the center replaced a former enclosed shopping mall called Meadowbrook Village Mall.
It was anchored by Sears, Eaton's, and Loblaws.
Much of it was demolished in 1995, and later replaced with Rockville Town Center.
The Eastgate Shopping Centre is a shopping centre based in Bedfordview, near Bedford Gardens in Gauteng province.
The mall was expanded into an enclosed shopping mall between 1962 and 1967.
The mall is anchored by a flagship, high-fashion Barneys New York store and contains many designer and upscale boutiques.
It has a total floor area of 62,893 square meter.
Ayala Land, Inc. is a real estate firm based in the Philippines.
"Littleton" is commonly indicated in the mall's postal address because its ZIP code is primarily associated with that city, which lies some two miles west.
Its anchor stores are JCPenney, Macy's and Sears.
The shopping centre has undergone several refurbishments and additions.
The mall now hosts 140 stores, with Lord & Taylor, Macy's, JCPenney, Sears, and Dick's Sporting Goods as anchors.
It is located in the town of Guilderland, on Western Avenue, near the south end of the Adirondack Northway, I-87 and the city of Albany.
The City Creek Center opened to the general public on March 22, 2012.
Roselands Shopping Centre is a medium-sized shopping centre in Roselands, a suburb in south-western Sydney, in the state of New South Wales, Australia.
Its anchors are Macy's, Sears, Bloomingdale's, Nordstrom, and Saks Fifth Avenue, and it features more than 160 specialty shops and restaurants.
The Security Square Mall is located adjacent to the North American School Of Trades.
In August 2015 the mall was reported to have been sold to Freed Developments, with strong indications that the site will be redeveloped.
The date was continuously pushed back due to a number of problems between different developers, financial backers and the local council.
More specifically, the shopping center is positioned at the intersection of two of the most significant Sofia's boulevards – Bulgaria boulevard and Todor Kableshkov boulevard.
The mall has indoor canals, where gondolas take people around the mall.
In the Metropolitan Borough of Trafford, the centre is close to the Trafford Park industrial estate and approximately five miles west of Manchester city centre.
It is now owned by the Howard Hughes Corporation.
Anchor tenants include Joseph-Beth Booksellers, one of the region's largest bookstores; Whole Foods; LOFT; Evereve; Black Market; Chico's; Lululemon Athletica and Anthropologie.
There are also approximately 65 other speciality stores.
The mall underwent a major renovation which was completed in late 2006.
The mall also features a 14 screen Rave movie theater, including an IMAX theater.
Cargills Square is a shopping mall in the city of Jaffna in northern Sri Lanka.
Bean outfitter in the state of Pennsylvania.
Mashpee Commons is located in Mashpee, Massachusetts, United States.
Greenbrier Mall is a nearly 900,000 sq.
The architect of the Emporia project is Gert Wingårdh of Wingårdh arkitektkontor.
Manukau, or Manukau Central, is a suburb of South Auckland, New Zealand, centred on the Manukau City Centre business district.
The mall also had a smaller upper level with a few small shops and a Loews Cinema.
The complex sits just across Hollywood Blvd.
Town Center at Cobb, is a regional shopping mall located in Kennesaw, Georgia near Atlanta.
The mall was then left to decay, due in no small part to a lack of funds.
Many other Westfield shopping centres conversely are often fully enclosed malls, however the company is redeveloping a number of sites to include outdoor, piazza style areas.
The mall is anchored by Barnes & Noble, Herberger's, JCPenney, Scheels All Sports, and Target.
In 2015, they celebrated their 30th birthday.
The mall shares its name with the White Oak, the state tree of the U.S. state of Illinois.
The complex is located near the intersection of Interstate 95 and State Route 3.
It is currently undergoing an $800 million expansion, which will add a Nordstrom flagship store.
The loss of these stores caused declining traffic at Amigoland.
At 1.5 times the size of the Mall of America, Golden Resources Mall was the world's largest shopping mall from 2004 to 2005.
The Upper Valley Mall is located on the city's west side just off US-68.
At the time of its completion it was the second mall in Romania, and the first outside Bucharest.
The Breeze FM is Basingstoke & North Hampshire's local radio station.
Food outlets include a number of independent traders, as well as Burger King, Costa Coffee and Greggs.
The Marshall Field's store was officially renamed Macy's on September 9, 2006.
The store was shuttered in February 2009 and is currently vacant.
Churchill Square is the major city-centre shopping centre, in the city of Brighton and Hove, United Kingdom.
It is circled by Broadstairs, Margate and Ramsgate.
The Kamppi Centre combines the commercial need for streamlined, optimized shopping environment with the necessary supply of customers by maximum accessibility and mobility.
On April 5, 2017, a minor fire broke out near the roof of the food court.
Silverburn is an 'out of town' shopping centre located on Barrhead Road in Pollok, Glasgow, Scotland.
Town Center at Boca Raton is an upscale super-regional shopping center in Boca Raton, Palm Beach County, Florida.
It is the first full service mall in Malabon owned and managed by Robinsons Land Corporation, the second largest mall operator in the Philippines.
Westfield Carousel is an Australian shopping centre in the Perth suburb of Cannington.
The building is managed by Cathay Organisation under its subsidiary company of Cathay Cineleisure International.
The mall was sold to Bristol Mall Acquisitions LLC in 2006 for $18.3 million.
Opened in 1965, Roselands was the largest shopping centre in the Southern hemisphere for years, even though it is quite small by today's standards.
It is currently owned by Hammerson and CPPIB.
The centre is operated by Toronto-based 20 VIC Management Inc.
It is one of the most modern shopping malls in West Africa and the first large-scale shopping centre in Ghana.
In 2006, Cinemark constructed an attached 15 screen movie theater to the mall and relocated there upon completion.
Chicago, Illinois-based General Growth Properties owns and manages Governor's Square.
Laurier Québec is one of Canada's largest shopping malls.
Opened in 1968, it is the only shopping center between Winston-Salem, North Carolina and Roanoke, Virginia.
The original anchors were Grants Department Store and Laneco.
Runcorn Shopping City, previously known as Halton Lea and Runcorn Shopping Centre, is a medium-sized covered shopping centre in Runcorn, Cheshire, England.
The mall formerly had Mervyns as an anchor store, but closed shortly after the storm when Mervyn's pulled out of the Louisiana market.
It is located in the older part of the city on cross road between Sharjah, Bur Dubai and the Airport.
A Ferris wheel, Amuran, can be found on top of the building.
It remained one of the leading malls in Birmingham for nearly three decades and continued to hold its own into the 1990s.
Its anchor stores are Macy's, JCPenney, Sears, XXI Forever, Nordstrom Rack, Best Buy, Gold's Gym.
It was opened in March 3, 2006 and is located on Radhakrishnan Salai.
It's situated in Kristiine district's subdistrict of Lilleküla.
Ohio Valley Mall is an enclosed shopping mall in Richland Township, Ohio.
The property is located just east of I-275, a major north/south interstate serving Tampa and counties to the north.
It includes a food court, Lulu Hypermarket, and restaurants such as Chili's.
Bashundhara City is a shopping mall in Dhaka, and the second largest shopping mall in Bangladesh with a gross leasable area of 191,200 square feet.
The centre is located adjacent to St Enoch Square.
Maritime Square is directly connected to Tierra Verde, a private housing estate that was also built by MTRC.
A first step was the moving of the Limerick County Council library to a purpose built building separate from the main centre.
Opened in 2014, it is the largest mall in Armenia in terms of number of stores and total floor area.
Rouse sold its shopping center portfolio to Pennsylvania Real Estate Investment Trust in 2003 as PREIT converted its holdings from residential to retail.
Previous anchors were Macy's, Boscov's, Lord & Taylor, Saks Fifth Avenue, and Sears.
Bassett Place is a shopping mall in El Paso, Texas, owned and operated by Cypress Equities.
The shopping mall has 48,250 square metres of gross floor area and 350,000 square feet of retail space.
Rosa, SM Mall of Asia, SM City Taytay, Greenbelt 5, and SM City Marikina.
Swansea Mall is a regional shopping mall located in Swansea, Massachusetts.
Silver Spring Square is a shopping center in Silver Spring Township, Pennsylvania.
In summer 2014, the mall was foreclosed and put up for sale.
Springfield Town Center re-opened as scheduled on October 17, 2014.
In the food court including My Dad's Pizza and Cain's Ice-Cream and deli.
As of 2015, it also houses a small food court and two restaurants.
The shopping mall has four anchor stores, including the Burlington Coat Factory, Dillard's, J.C. Penney, and Sears.
It also contains a Century Theatres multiplex, a food court, and more than 90 specialty stores, services, and restaurants.
Anchor stores and major tenants at the mall are Dillard's, Macy's, JCPenney, Sears and Century Theatres.
Monroeville Mall, owned and operated by CBL & Associates Properties, Inc., is a two-level, enclosed shopping mall in the municipality of Monroeville, Pennsylvania, east of Pittsburgh.
The result was the reverse-engineering of a 1970s shopping complex into a centre similar to modern developments elsewhere in Ireland.
In May 2013, Merlone Geier Partners purchased the property from Simon Property Group.
Park Place is a large indoor shopping mall located on the East Side of Tucson, Arizona, United States.
It features a gross leasable area of 1,248,000 sq ft, placing it in the top ten among the largest shopping malls in New Jersey.
It serves the extreme northern portion of the Capital District as well as the Glens Falls/Lake George area.
The mall is also home to South Side Theater.
It is owned by the New York-based Kimco Realty Corporation.
Also in 1991, The Carl Company closed and its empty space was converted into the mall's present day Marshalls Megastore/HomeGoods.
Canberra Outlet Centre is an outlet type discount shopping centre located in Fyshwick, Australian Capital Territory, an eastern industrial suburb of Australia's capital Canberra.
The mall is owned by Commercial Centers Management and has an area of 503,610 square feet.
A short distance south of the Pennsylvania border, it attracts shoppers from Pennsylvania and other neighboring states wishing to take advantage of tax-free shopping in Delaware.
With its gross leasable area of 86,100 square metres, it is the largest shopping center in Vantaa and the third largest in Finland.
Visitors are screened by metal detectors before being allowed to enter.
Until August 2012, the mall was managed and co-owned by Simon Property Group.
The mall opened in 1975 with anchors Sears and Edgar's.
Belmar is a destination in Lakewood, Colorado that opened in 2004.
It is one of the well known commercial area of the city.
The mall is owned and developed by Cafaro Company.
The 360Mall derives its name from its circular structure, which was due in part to the rigorous zoning restrictions.
It was the second major modern shopping centre built in Bratislava, Polus City Center being the first.
It was built on the site of the Singapura Forum Hotel.
RiverTown Crossings is a two-story enclosed super-regional shopping mall in Grandville, Michigan.
Robinsons Magnolia is a shopping mall owned and operated by Robinsons Malls, the second largest mall operator in the Philippines.
Carlingford Court is a sub-regional shopping centre located in Carlingford, a north-western suburb of Sydney, New South Wales, Australia.
CrossIron Mills is a sister mall to Vaughan Mills, a previous Ivanhoé Cambridge development in Vaughan, Ontario, outside Toronto.
Adjoining onto Mersey Square, it forms the basis of the town's main shopping area.
Southdale Center comprises 1,300,000 sq ft of leasable retail space, and contains approximately 123 retail tenants.
The Tacoma Mall is the largest shopping center in Tacoma, Washington.
The Moorestown Mall is a shopping mall in Moorestown, New Jersey, owned by Pennsylvania Real Estate Investment Trust.
The centre is located in the middle of the city with entrances on Union Street, Bridge Street and Guild Street.
The complex is part of the Erikslund retail park, consisting of several big-box stores, with a total retail floor area of approximately 200,000 m2.
Its slogan is "Gigante como São Paulo", which means "Gigantic like São Paulo."
The project sprawls on a 60,000-m2 lot.
It includes over 30 shops and restaurants as well as a resort with 47 timeshare villas on the second floor.
Its first anchor tenant was a Yankee Stores later renamed Zody's) store which was the first Dort Mall structure built in 1964.
This created a problem of overcrowding and reduced the possibility of further expansion.
It is owned by Cook Inlet Region, Inc., an Alaska Native corporation.
The mall currently consists of over 90 stores, including anchors The Bon-Ton, JC Penney, Sears, and two Macy's locations.
From 1970 to 1999, it was an enclosed shopping mall with several out buildings.
Its anchor stores are Macy's, Dillard's, JC Penney, and Dick's Sporting Goods.
Title sponsorship was dropped for the 2010 tournament.
It also contains dozens of smaller retailers such as Five Below, GameStop, Hallmark Gold Crown, Lane Bryant, General Nutrition Centers, Oshkosh B'gosh, and Verizon Wireless.
It is located near the Selamat Datang Monument.
Cherma's has its apparel manufacturing unit located in Apparel Export Park at Gundlapochampally, near Hyderabad.
50 stores were damaged in the incident, but all five anchor stores were unaffected.
The mall has a total gross floor area of 42,625 square meters.
Old Hickory Mall is an enclosed shopping mall in Jackson, Tennessee.
Escalators were also installed to offer shoppers more convenience.
It opened on 21 March 2013, with over 130,000 recorded visitors on opening day.
It is located close to the karavali circle which is one of the highly crowded regions in Manglore.
The outdoor center is 1.4 million square feet and includes four major department stores: Bloomingdale's, Macy's, Neiman Marcus, and Nordstrom.
It was opened on 9 June 2006 and is located at the intersection of Aleksandar Stamboliyski Boulevard and Opalchenska Street in the centre of the city.
Following the concept of 'shop, dine, live, work and play,' Centrio occupies 3.7 hectares in the city's central business district.
Target, one of the anchors, has expanded its urban store concept to numerous cities across the country.
It is located at the eastern edge of the Chatswood CBD on the corner of Archer Street and Victoria Avenue.
The mall was purchased by RioCan in May 2001.
Many of these structures have a similar external appearance.
The tract of land on which it sits was annexed from unincorporated Ross Township in 1993.
It is the 10th largest on the East Coast and is the 28th largest in the United States.
Cottonwood Mall is a shopping mall located in Albuquerque, New Mexico, United States.
The Great Northern Mall is a regional shopping mall located in the Syracuse suburb of Clay, New York.
Woolworth Company, and Gee Bee Department Stores.
The Mills Corporation from 2003 until 2007
It features 250 stores and has a gross leasable area of 61,913 square metres, making it the largest shopping mall in Belgium and the Benelux.
The original Proffitt's space is now used by Belk, while the former Miller's/Hess's was demolished in 2011 to accommodate a new movie theater.
The Mercat Shopping Centre is located in Kirkcaldy, the largest town in Fife, Scotland, United Kingdom.
It connects directly to the Powell Street transit station via an underground entrance.
Pacific Epping is a shopping centre in Epping, Victoria, a suburb of Melbourne, Australia.
It was the first major mall to be built in southeastern Arizona, with 400,000 square feet of retail space.
The Orchard Planning Area is a planning area as specified by the Urban Redevelopment Authority.
Some of its 100+ stores include The Limited, Express, Victoria's Secret, The Gap, RadioShack, Payless Shoesource, The Children's Place, Hollister, and Bath and Body Works.
Mall Ciputra is a mall in Grogol Petamburan, West Jakarta, Indonesia.
The shopping mall is located in Dubailand.
Dillard's acquired the former D. H. Holmes in 1985, and opened a men's store in the mall after Godchaux's closed as an anchor in 1989.
The mall was home to such stores as Gimbels, J.C. Penney, F.W.
It is managed by Cafaro Company of Youngstown, Ohio.
The aquarium is called "Aquadream" and was designed and built by International Concept Management.
The shopping portion in its current incarnation is a U-shaped strip mall featuring high-end boutique style stores.
It is located on Spring Garden Road and is owned by Crombie REIT.
Coupled with the specially curated retail mix, Orchard Central has indeed established itself as a retail mall with New Rules and New Experiences.
10 bowling lanes, 3D Cinema and Sega Games, restaurants, coffee shops and chains including Burger King, McDonald's, Kentucky Fried Chicken and Subway.
Gateway Mall is an enclosed shopping mall located in Lincoln, Nebraska owned by Starwood Capital Group.
Portanova is a shopping center in the eastern part of Croatia located at the western entrance to the city Osijek.
The mall was developed and is operated by SM Prime Holdings.
Plaza Frontenac is an upscale, two-level, enclosed, regional shopping center in the Frontenac area of metropolitan St. Louis, Missouri.
It is the largest shopping centre serving Melbourne's western and north western suburbs, an area with a population of at least half a million people.
Funan DigitaLife Mall, also known as Funan The IT Mall or simply Funan Centre, is a former shopping centre located near the Civic District in Singapore.
The tax revenue generated from the Los Cerritos Center for its host city totals to approximately $3 million a year.
PIN code include 800001, the area is patrolled by the Sri Krishna Puri PS of Patna Police.
The Gallery at South DeKalb, formerly South DeKalb Mall, is a shopping mall owned by Thor Equities.
It is also the fourth largest shopping complex in the Midwest, and the 23rd largest shopping complex in the United States.
Parking includes one above ground and two underground parking garages.
On 3 February 2014, it was announced that Werribee Plaza would be rebranded as Pacific Werribee as part of a A$370 million redevelopment.
With the grand opening in 2011, Westchester's Ridge Hill features a variety of retail stores, restaurants, condominiums, and offices.
At the time, it was one of the first establishments on Savannah's southside, and now it forms the primary shopping corridor of Savannah.
The location of the mall was formerly occupied by the Pantranco bus terminal.
CasaShopping is a shopping mall specialized in furniture's stores, interior design, home decoration in Brazil.
It is the only enclosed regional shopping center in Marin County.
The rest of the property, which is owned by CB Richard Ellis, has yet to be developed.
It also includes a community hall and a public transport interchange for buses, minibuses and cross-border coaches.
The majority of the plaza's big box retailers are located on the west side of the property, including Target, Kohl's, and Best Buy, among others.
Rubloff secured the funding for the Evergreen Plaza from the Walgreen family who lived nearby in Beverly, Chicago.
The mall also has six 240-seat cinema.
There is a silverbird cinema in the mall.
Fremlin Walk is an outdoor shopping centre in Maidstone town centre, Kent.
Demolition of it started in September 2007.
It is owned by the Kagoshima Terminal Building Corporation, which belongs to JR Kyushu.
The Shops at Willow Bend is a shopping mall located in Plano, Texas, with over 125 stores and three anchor stores.
Prior to approval, an anonymous opposition group spent $100,000 in a single week on direct mail, road signs, telephone solicitations, a Web site, and newspaper advertisements.
The mall is owned by General Growth Properties, a real estate development of over 120 regional shopping malls around the United States.
The mall is located on the northeast corner of President George Bush Turnpike and State Highway 78.
West Park Mall is an enclosed shopping mall in Cape Girardeau, Missouri.
The mall is owned by Henry Sy, Sr. and managed by SM Prime Holdings.
It is managed by General Growth Properties.
It has been repurposed as a power center and was renamed Seaview Square Shopping Center in 2012.
Old Navy relocated out of the mall in 2011.
It features a Countdown, a nearby Farmers and about 60 speciality stores.
The mall was built as part of Punggol's first integrated waterfront residential and retail development, Watertown.
The retail tenants there include: Lowe's Home Improvement, Target, Babies R Us, and Best Buy.
The shopping center is known for bringing the first of several chains to the Harrisburg area, most notably Wegmans.
It houses over 200 shops including large stores such as Zara, Next, Debenhams, Marks and Spencer, Apple Store and HMV.
The community of Chafford Hundred has grown to the east of the centre since its opening.
It is owned by Falconi, a local developer which also owns a number of properties throughout Washington County.
Guam Premier Outlets or GPO is a shopping mall located in Tamuning, Guam.
RiverGate is an outdoor shopping mall in Charlotte, North Carolina, United States, at the intersection of N.C. Highway 49 and N.C. Highway 160.
Some of the anchor stores JCPenney and Sears have been demolished leaving the movie theater, Dillard's, and the main building left.
The final project in the renovation was an enlargement of the existing Sears.
It is one of two shopping malls in the city, the other being Concord Mills.
It is located along Senator Benigno Aquino, Jr. Avenue in the district of Mandurriao in Iloilo City.
It closed in July 2014 and has been slated for redevelopment as an open-air center.
The building was demolished and a new Olive Garden and Red Lobster were opened in mid-2011.
Opened in 2002, it has over 150 stores, and is anchored by Macy's, Bloomingdale's, and Neiman Marcus.
It is the first modern mall in the city, designed by the principal architect Mustapha Khalid Palash and Mohammad Foyez Ullah of Vistaara.
The current owner and operator is Macerich.
Not to be confused with Westfield Montgomery.
It was located just north of the junction of Interstate 555 and Arkansas Highway 1.
Logan Valley Mall is a regional shopping mall in Altoona, Pennsylvania.
Richmond Centre is a shopping mall in Richmond, British Columbia, Canada.
At the time of its completion it was the first shopping mall in Timișoara.
It has a gross lettable area of about 33,000 square metres.
Butler Plaza is a large retail complex located in southwest Gainesville, Florida.
In May, 2012, Energy company Apache Corporation, currently headquartered nearby at Post Oak Central, has acquired 6.4 acres in BLVD Place for their Houston headquarters.
Following the IRA bomb in 1996 it was renovated and was a modern shopping centre till July 2014.
It is built on an area of 39,600 square metres across five floors of shops and office spaces and covering grounds of up to 6 acres.
Algonquin Commons is an upper-tier outdoor shopping mall, or lifestyle center, located along Randall Road in Algonquin, Illinois, a northwest suburb of Chicago.
Current anchor stores include Lord & Taylor, Macy's,, Neiman Marcus, Nordstrom and Sears.
The mall receives about 32 million visitors per year; it attracts between 90,000 and 200,000 shoppers daily, depending on the day and season.
The developers aimed to attract shoppers from nearby Newton Mearns, Clarkston, Giffnock and Barrhead as well as the towns and villages in Ayrshire.
The mall is home to the largest indoor market in the Maritimes, Pete's Frootique.
The Capital Mall is a shopping mall located in Jefferson City, Missouri, United States that opened in 1978.
Park Central Mall was the first shopping mall in Phoenix, Arizona, It is located in Encanto Village, on Central Avenue and Osborn Road.
It now features Ross Dress for Less and a Cinemark multiplex movie theater.
It is located halfway between Interstate 20 and Interstate 77 on Clemson Road at the intersection of Two Notch Road.
The mall features three floors of shopping with the third level serving mostly as professional office spaces, a food court, and U.S. Education Corporation's Carrington College.
Lakeview Square Mall is an enclosed shopping mall serving the city of Battle Creek, Michigan.
Currently, only McDonald's outlet, Metro Store, and Cinepolis multiplex are open.
Kowloon City Plaza is a shopping mall located at Kowloon City, Kowloon, Hong Kong.
From its opening in 2001 until May 2013, it had been owned by a subsidiary of Prudential and managed by Birmingham, Alabama-based Bayer Properties.
Mall developers consider Somerset Collection to be among the top privately held mall properties in the United States.
At its opening in 1969, McFarland Mall had 2 anchor stores, Woolco and Gayfers and 30 stores.
It has been described as “posh and sleek”.
Cottonwood Mall is managed by WP Glimcher.
The Mall Nakhon Ratchasima, opened in 2000, is the biggest shopping center in northeastern Thailand.
The one-level mall has over 60 stores and a gross leasable area of 825,000 square feet.
Opened in 1961, it was the first shopping mall in Western Michigan.
The latter two opened in May 2013.
The architecture and design of the new shopping center mimics modern village-like streetscapes and overlooks neighboring Hammond Pond.
Though popular through the 1990s, three new shopping centers were completed in the late 1990s and early 2000s that took businesses and shoppers away from Northland.
It is located in Gokul Industrial Estate on the Gokul Road, Hubli.
The track is from a Canadian company, Intrawest.
It contains 185 shops, restaurants, recreations centres, bars, cafeterias and parking capacity for more than 2,800 vehicles.
There is a waiting list at the shopping center which has operated at 100% occupancy for several decades.
As of 2010, it was 964,717 square feet in size.
Originally built in 1979 as a 2-storey structure; the centre has undergone several extensions and renovations.
LynnMall is a shopping centre in New Lynn, a suburb of Auckland, New Zealand.
Five Points Mall, formerly North Park Mall, is an enclosed shopping mall in Marion, Indiana.
Macy's is located at the center of the mall while the other two anchor stores and the food court are on corners of the mall.
Opened in 1977, the mall featured one anchor store with five vacant anchors last occupied by Dillard's, Montgomery Ward, Mervyn's, Sears, and Macy's.
The site was provided by the City of London Corporation and the Worshipful Company of Mercers, who still jointly own the freehold.
It has a total gross floor area of over 45,000 square meters and located on almost 60,000 square meters of land area.
It was constructed during the late 1990s.
In January 2013, plans were announced to add 150,000 square feet and 50 new stores to the mall, which opened in late 2014.
It includes a food court, multiplex movie theater and a medical clinic: the CLSC Rene Cassin.
Tràng Tiền Plaza is a shopping center located in the downtown of Hanoi, Vietnam.
It sits across the Glenn Highway from and supplements the Northway Mall, a major shopping area in Anchorage since its development during the early 1980s.
As his business expanded, Mustaq bought a shophouse on Syed Alwi Road.
Also part of the complex is the Lewisham House office tower, formerly occupied by Citibank.
It is situated in the Harmon Meadow Plaza complex, approximately six miles from New York City, and is owned by Hartz Mountain Industries.
Batemans Bay is a town in the South Coast region of the state of New South Wales, Australia.
In 2008, a new twelve-screen Carmike Cinema was built over a large portion of the southern parking lot.
The Market was later named after Mahatma Jotirao Phule after a long struggle by the President of Mahatma Phule Smarak Samiti, Mukundraoji Bhujbal Patil.
It is a working-class neighbourhood geographically located in the Northern part of city of Patna.
There are also tasteful collections of textile shops and gift shops.
Tower Records was replaced with a Nike store, which closed after just a few months.
The Commons area frequently features events such as live concerts, festivals, and a farmers' market.
The lifestyle center portion of the mall, Fountain Shoppes, is accessible from the main level.
After its opening in 1974, it was expanded in 1985 and renovated in 2000 and 2006.
Opened in 1976 as an enclosed mall, it was renovated as an outdoor property in 1999.
Danville Mall, formerly Piedmont Mall, is an enclosed shopping mall in Danville, Virginia.
Arnot Mall is located along the Southern Tier Expressway at Exit 51A between Corning and Elmira.
Located 35 minutes south of Buffalo, the district consists of the communities of Collins, Colden, Glenwood, East Concord, and Springville.
The mall currently has 139 stores, including its anchors Sears and JC Penney.
Mal Kelapa Gading opened on 1990, is a modern shopping and entertainment center located in Kelapa Gading, Jakarta, Indonesia.
It also houses a karaoke lounge on Level 8 and the only indoor trampoline park, Bounce Singapore on Level 9.
The mall extends over an area of 227,327 m2, of which 57,121 m2 are leasable.
Galleria Dallas is located at the intersection of Interstate 635 and the Dallas North Tollway.
The mall opened with 85% of its retail space leased.
Today, the mall consists mostly of independent stores yet still houses a few anchor stores.
It was built on the site of the former Huntington Center.
It is currently managed by Fidelis Realty Partners.
The mall is a complex that consists of Shopping Leste Aricanduva, Interlar Aricanduva and Auto Shopping Aricanduva.
Hamburg Pavilion is a regional shopping center located along I-75 and Man o' War Boulevard in Lexington, Kentucky.
The mall opened on the 19th of February 2014.
Place Longueuil is a shopping mall located in Longueuil, Quebec.
Westland Mall, formerly known as Westfield Westland, is a shopping mall in Hialeah, Florida.
It is located in the heart of Downtown Montreal in the underground city, and is connected to the Montreal Metro via McGill station.
The super-regional mall opened in 1980 at the intersection of Haywood Road and I-385/Golden Strip Freeway.
At the time of its opening, City Center was Central Ohio's largest and most upscale shopping mall.
The opposite longitudinal side of the building is approximately 10 meters high.
It is managed by General Growth Properties.
A Beer Store is on the southeast corner of the property, also known as the The Village Shoppes.
Westfield Burwood is a large shopping centre in Burwood, in Sydney, Australia.
Food in the coastland mall consists of Chinese food to pretzels and fast food chains.
Formerly called Burton Shopping Centre; the site was opened in 1970 by HRH Princess Alexandra.
It was built in 1990 with a total gross floor area of approximately 216,000 m2.
Unit 13 – Retail/leisure unit – 1,754sq ft.
The mall is owned by CBL & Associates Properties, which acquired the property in 2007 from the Westfield Group.
Hollywood & Highland also houses 65,000 square feet of gathering spaces including the Grand Ballroom, used for the Oscars Governors Ball.
It is located in the north of the city and adjacent to the boundary with the Nuneaton and Bedworth district of Warwickshire.
Plymouth Meeting Mall currently contains more than 100 specialty stores and restaurants, including a central Food Court, and outlying restaurants California Pizza Kitchen, P.F.
The complex opened in 1975 and was developed by the Youngstown, Ohio-based Cafaro Company, who still own and operate it.
Courtland Center includes four anchor stores: J. C. Penney, Dunham's Sports, Staples, and Jo-Ann Etc., plus one vacant anchor last occupied by Steve & Barry's.
The center features 125 retail and service shops, four department stores, and a variety of casual dining venues.
Regal Cinemas has a 16 screen movie theater with stadium seating at an outparcel location, which replaced a smaller six screen cinema inside the mall.
It is the southernmost mall in Orange County and is anchored by Macy's, Nordstrom, and Forever 21.
Shortly after its opening, the U.S. government announced the closing of nearby Loring Air Force Base, the region's largest employer.
In the 1990s, the mall was converted into a corporate center.
Opened in 1992, the mall features Nordstrom and Saks Fifth Avenue as anchor tenants.
When it first opened and for many years afterward, the mall's advertising carried the memorable slogan "Independence Center: The "I" has it."
The project, completed in 2009, included an extensive remodeling of the mall's interior and exterior.
Over the past few years, Far East Plaza has been a center for youth culture in Singapore with more than 600 shops.
The complex is an established mixed-use, office, retail, dining and entertainment center and serves as the third major shopping mall in the Dayton region.
It was also the oldest extant enclosed shopping mall in the city until its closure in 2017.
Glorietta 1-4 is integrated with the nearby Greenbelt Mall, SM Makati, Rustan's Makati and The Landmark, a department store.
It features a Target, Marshalls and American Signature Furniture.
Mouchak Market is one of the oldest and famous markets in Dhaka city.
Car Valeting services are now also provided.
In 2007, as part of the renovations of the mall, Cinemark Theater 16 and Circuit City constructed where the former Montgomery Ward store was located..
It opened in 1967 as Eastbrook Mall, a year before the larger Woodland Mall opened across the street.
Since the mall's opening in 1966, Glenbrook has been expanded and/or renovated five times.
It is the largest shopping mall in the state and in the Baltimore-Washington area.
The mall features Macy's, Burlington, and JCPenney as its anchor stores, as well as a food court.
The main entrance at the Pasing train station square opens up to the 270 meter long first section of the shopping area.
Subsequent additions in 1999 and 2000 brought the total number of stores to between 100 and 115 and over 450,000 square feet of retail space.
An interesting feature of it was that it included a public amphitheater in the lower level.
Established in 1988, the centre attracts around 11 million visitors a year.
On January 16, 2016, an incident occurred; a group of 9 people attempted to rob two jewelry shop within the mall.
The 1,400,000-square-foot retail center, designed by Charles N. Agree, opened in 1962 with expansions between 1987 and 1993.
The anchor stores that this mall will have are Ripley, Saga Falabella, Tottus, Sodimac, Cinemark, Cibertec, Clinica Internacional, Euroidiomas, Chuck E Cheese, etc.
Macdonald 80 Shopping Center or simply Macdonald 80 is a 200,000 sq.
Some of its current retailers include Target, Starbucks Coffee, Morton's Steakhouse and California Pizza Kitchen.
Tikahtnu is a word in the Dena'ina language.
He died in 1959 and so was unable to see the Town Centre completed.
In 1999, when business was in decline, it was acquired by YTL Corporation.
The centre was a replacement for a much larger complex mooted for the site, known as Quarryvale.
European Shopping Centre Awards are the supreme awards in European retail property.
The Centre Commercial Al Qods is a shopping mall in Algiers, Algeria.
Carrefour du Nord is a regional shopping mall in Saint-Jérôme, Quebec, Canada.
The exterior of the mall lost several tenants as the structures that housed their businesses were demolished to accommodate the exterior upgrade.
The train had no circuit breaker, and the passenger compartment was not protected by fireproof insulation.
The center features both enclosed and open-air sections.
It features Dillard's, JCPenney, Conn's, Sears, Burlington Coat Factory, Stage, and Bed Bath And Beyond as anchor stores.
The market is located along the Grand River and Lansing River Trail, and is west of Cooley Law School Stadium.
The Market Common is a 114-acre lifestyle center located in Myrtle Beach, South Carolina.
Parkway Center Mall is a defunct enclosed shopping mall in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
Since 2015 Mal Taman Anggrek started a yearly event for Design Student in Jakarta called Jakarta in Motion.
SM City Cebu, also known locally as SM Cebu, is a large shopping mall located in Cebu City, Philippines.
The Anchorage 5th Avenue Mall is an upscale regional shopping mall located in Downtown Anchorage, Alaska, United States.
It is the second of SM Supermall and the seventh SM branch developed and operated by SM Prime Holdings owned by Henry Sy, Sr..
Approximately 1/3 of the parking lot and water runoff area is located in Tyngsborough.
WestShore houses many specialty shops including Charming Charlie, Francesca's Collection, LOFT, New Balance, H&M, Old Navy, APEX by Sunglass Hut and more.
The Woodlands Mall is managed by General Growth Properties.
Restaurants include California Pizza Kitchen, Starbuck's, P.F.
Christiana Mall is the largest shopping mall in the state of Delaware and the largest in the five states without sales tax outside of Oregon.
With over a 1.5 million square feet of retail space and more than 300 outlets, it is one of Canada's largest shopping malls.
The mall has a mixed variety of stores including Coach, Swarovski, Sephora, Eddie Bauer, Pottery Barn, Abercrombie and Fitch, and many more.
Judy Richards is the general manager of the shopping centre.
The mall contains more than 130 shops, and is managed by GGP Inc.
Target Canada announced that The Centre location of Zellers would be converted to a Target store as part of the US-based chain's takeover of Zellers.
Country Club Mall is a shopping mall located in La Vale, Maryland, a suburb of Cumberland, Maryland in Allegany County, Maryland.
The largest outlet mall in the state of Kansas, the Great Mall in 2007 had over 80 stores and restaurants.
It's one of the biggest shopping centers in Stockholm in terms of sales.
H&M opened at Charlestown Square on 14 July 2016 along with a Cotton On Flagship store.
Tenants within the mall are the Puregold Jr. Supermarket, the Generic Drug Store, a Bookstore, and a Department store at the mezzanine of the mall.
The Merrimack Premium Outlets is an outlet mall located in Merrimack, New Hampshire, United States.
It is situated across the street from the Putra World Trade Centre and the Seri Pacific Hotel.
The shopping complex is owned by the Queensland Investment Corporation.
It includes 1 million sq ft of retail and leisure space, 2000 parking spaces in a multi-storey car park, and 25,000 spaces on the ground.
The mall saw its first cosmetic renovation in the mid-1980s.
The multi-level shopping mall currently features 2400 parking spaces, over 160 retail outlets, several restaurants & cafes, an entertainment center, nine cinema screens and a supermarket.
The property was built and is owned and operated by Los Angeles businessman Rick J. Caruso and his company Caruso Affiliated.
The centre reopened as a fully enclosed shopping mall in 2000 and follows the same basic layout as the 1960s structure.
In the 1980s, Hespeler Road became the city's major commercial area, and is now known as the Highway 24/Hespeler Road Commercial District.
Seacon Bangkae is a shopping plaza and complex in Bangkok, Thailand.
Both the Mervyns and Maison Blanche stores became Dillard's; the former Mervyn's location was shuttered in 2012, with Dillard's consolidating to the former Maison Blanche.
On the first quarter of 2014, its Administration has recently completed the initial phase of the extension of the mall called the River Park.
In addition to branded shops, restaurants, and a department store, there is a supermarket, a cinema, a bookstore, a hotel, and a children's playground.
The mall also has a large food court, complete with a carousel, in the former Peerless anchor space.
Today, the mall is anchored by Bed Bath & Beyond, Big Lots, Herberger's, J. C. Penney, Ross Dress for Less, and Scheels All Sports.
The centre's logo features The Iron Bridge, of nearby Ironbridge, a UNESCO World Heritage Site.
Walking one full circuit around the mall's main promenade is about 3/4 mile.
The Bramalea City Centre is located at 25 Peel Centre Drive, near the intersection of Queen Street and Dixie Road.
In the summer of 2010, a new trackless train from Beston that carries sixteen people was added to the mall, dubbed the "Boynton Beach Express".
It has 95 stores with four anchors.
The mall opened in 1971 with Sears, Britt's and S.H.
SM City Taytay is a shopping mall owned and developed by SM Prime Holdings.
River Hills Mall is an enclosed shopping mall in Mankato, Minnesota.
Valley View Mall's trade area represents communities in three states with a radius of approximately 50 miles surrounding the shopping center.
Interchange21 or Interchange Mall is a 36 storey office and shopping complex located in Watthana district, Bangkok, Thailand.
SM Supermalls has become one of the biggest mall operators in Southeast Asia.
Located at exit 20 off Interstate 81, the mall has 56 stores and a capacity of 64 as of December 2008.
When it closed, University Mall was the oldest enclosed shopping center in the Little Rock metropolitan area.
It is located on 5th Street Highway, U.S. 222 Business.
It has five major anchors and more than 170 stores and restaurants.
Its open-air concourses feature waterfalls and landscaping.
When HarbourFront Centre was known as World Trade Centre, it featured exhibition halls.
A variety of stores, restaurants, and service-oriented businesses occupy structures of varying sizes, most of which are contiguous, having shared walls.
York and R.A Bryan bought 158 acres of undeveloped land two miles west of downtown Raleigh, near the North Carolina State University campus.
Middlesboro Mall is an enclosed shopping mall in Middlesboro, Kentucky, on U.S. Route 25E.
The complex is the 14th largest shopping centre in the UK, with the size of 120,773 sq metres.
Junior anchors Winn-Dixie and People's Drug filled positions intermediate to anchors and smaller shops.
Carolina Place Mall is a shopping mall located in Pineville, North Carolina, a suburb of Charlotte.
Turtle Creek Mall is an enclosed shopping mall in Hattiesburg, Mississippi, United States.
Siam Center is a shopping center near Siam BTS Station in Bangkok, Thailand.
A year later, Merlone Geier purchased the Sears anchor store.
It was also the site of the deadliest fire in Des Moines' history, which killed eleven people in 1978.
The mall opened in 1968, featuring anchor stores Ivey's and Meyers-Arnold.
The mall is nestled within eight residential towers and houses more than 500 specialized stores, spread within seven floors.
The mall is managed by Mountain Development.
During the 1970s and 1980s, this underground network contained nightclubs, restaurants, commercial shops, and an arcade.
SouthPark is the most congested shopping area in the United States during Black Friday weekend.
The Mall of Qatar is a shopping center that soft opened December 2016 in Al Rayyan near Doha, Qatar.
The shopping mall is composed of the Main Building, Annex 1, Annex 2 and Annex 3.
All buildings are connected to HarbourFront Centre.
The centre was developed by the Echo Investment.
The shopping hub was officially dedicated in April 1973, although its primary anchor, Little Rock-based Pfiefer-Blass, had opened for business in late 1972.
SM Supermalls has become one of the biggest mall operators in Southeast Asia.
Lucky Chinatown is a shopping mall in Binondo, the Chinatown of Manila, Philippines.
The mall's five anchor stores are Dillard's, JCPenney, Macy's, Sears, and Von Maur.
The center opened in 1982, and features a gross leasable area of 914,638 square feet.
The Upper Valley Mall contains 267,466 sq ft. of floor space, with Sears as the only independently owned anchor store.
The centre has completed its major redevelopment, including the expansion over Yarra Street via a flyover.
In addition, the mall owns nine freestanding businesses on its property, including major retailers PetSmart and Pier 1 Imports.
The mall has a gross leasable area of 22,900 m2 and a total area of 59,900 m2.
It is accessible by either BTS Skytrain or several city buses.
Woodfield Mall is the largest shopping mall in the state of Illinois and one of the largest shopping malls in the United States.
The mall opened on 1 June 2012.
The NBA has also expanded into games like Second Life where it created a virtual NBA Store in 2007.
It is located on U.S. Route 219 at Elton Road and Theatre Drive.
The complex was the result of an urban renewal project under Land Development Corporation, later known as Urban Renewal Authority.
As an official Canadian Tourist Attraction, the mall is exempt from the Retail Business Holiday Act and is open year-round including statutory holidays.
Ground was broken to build the mall in 1976.
The sculptures were designed by contracted sculpturist Norman Mansson.
Klang Parade is a shopping complex in Klang, Selangor, Malaysia with Parkson Grand departmental store as its anchor store.
Phoenix Marketcity, is one of the largest shopping malls in India, situated in Kurla, Mumbai.
It overlooks the pedestrianised City Square and historic Caird Hall.
Riverdale Village is an outdoor mall with retail and dining options.
Dolphin Mall is a shopping mall in Sweetwater, Miami-Dade County, Florida, west of the city of Miami.
The Colonial Park Mall is a shopping mall located in Lower Paxton Township, Pennsylvania, about 3 miles NE of Harrisburg.
It is immediately adjacent to Waitakere Mega Centre.
'Sambil Paraguaná Ciudad Turistica' is a shopping mall and an urban development in Paraguaná.
The mall was scheduled to start its construction in 2009, however delayed due to global recession.
Cinderella City Mall was a large shopping center located in Englewood, Colorado, United States.
The name, JCube was decided on after a naming competition held in 2010.
In 2013 it opened a store in a redeveloped historic office building in the heart of Portland, Oregon.
The Village Shopping Centre is a shopping centre in St. John's, Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada.
Opened in 1973, the mall formerly included Dillard's, J. C. Penney, Macy's, and Sears as its anchor stores.
Water Tower Place is a large urban, mixed-use development comprising a 758,000 sq ft shopping mall and 74 story skyscraper in Chicago, Illinois, United States.
Sears closed in 2016 and Macy's closed in 2017.
There was a second anchor, Macy's, but it closed in 2015.
The two "sides" of the mall are now known as "Centre East" and "Centre West".
It serves communities on the east coast in the states of Virginia and North Carolina.
It opened in 1976 with Sears, Steinberg's, Dominion, Kmart and 76 stores.
Opened in 1979, Thomson Plaza is best known for having a Yaohan departmental store in the 1980s and 1990s.
Its five anchor stores are Macy's, JCPenney, Sears, Target and Scheels All Sports.
A 20,000-square-foot H&M opened in December 2016.
It is also the first mall to open in Macomb County since Lakeside Mall in 1976.
It is one of seven malls built in Israel by David Azrieli.
In October, the fountain is illuminated pink for Breast Cancer Awareness Month.
Established by Johnson Commercial Developers, its first stores opened in 2014.
It is one of the largest shopping malls in the district.
Sello is a shopping mall in the Leppävaara district of Espoo, Finland.
The shopping center has a gross leasable area of 1.1 million square feet.
Opened in 1983, it is anchored by Sears, Macy's, and Forever 21.
Sylvia Park is a large business park and shopping centre in the Auckland suburb of Mount Wellington in New Zealand.
Opened in 1998, the mall is anchored by J. C. Penney, Sears, Dillard's, and a Cinemark movie theater.
Junction Mall is a shopping centre located at Nungua in the Greater Accra Region of Ghana
One of those initiatives began in 2010 with a partnership with bullfrogpower.
The Galleria at Crystal Run is an upscale shopping center located in the Town of Wallkill, New York.
It has eight floors with total lettable area of 23,000 square metres.
One of them was originally an F. W. Woolworth Company store.
In addition MegaBox houses an ice rink, MegaIce, which is the largest in Hong Kong at 26 metres x 57 metres.
Starting in February 2016, the mall went under that largest renovation since its opening in 1995.
Sangertown Square is a single-story mall, and comprises over 800,000 square feet of leasable retail space.
Westfield Group sold 80% interest in mall as of December 2015.
Sungei Wang Plaza is a shopping centre in Bukit Bintang, Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia.
The Centre at Forestville is an enclosed shopping mall located in Forestville, Maryland.
The mall is the first mall in the North-Eastern part of Singapore to house a cinema.
Newport railway station is also a short walk away.
When completed in 1990, North Pier featured three levels of retailers on the lower levels, centered on a rotunda, and four floors of offices above.
BBI Centar is a shopping mall in the center of Sarajevo.
Westfield Garden City, better known as Garden City, is one of Brisbane's major shopping centres, located in the suburb of Upper Mount Gravatt.
The mall has an enclosed shopping area, restaurants and theaters.
Enfield Square Mall, formerly Westfield Shoppingtown Enfield Square, is an enclosed shopping mall that is located in Enfield, Connecticut.
Cairns Central contains three department stores one supermarket and a six cinema complex.
Southwest Center Mall is a shopping mall located in Dallas, Texas.
It is anchored by a large, "sprawling" Target store.
It was featured many times on the Australian comedy series The Wedge.
In 2010 it was purchased by Lend Lease Group for $185 million, along with three Dress Smart outlets in Auckland, Wellington and Christchurch.
Current Ellsworth Place anchors include Burlington Coat Factory, Marshalls, Michaels, Ross Dress for Less and TJMaxx.
Composed of more than 1,000,000 square feet of retail space, it features more than 80 stores and a food court.
The mall was expanded in 1989 to accommodate Sears as an anchor tenant.
Loblaws, which used to be under the SuperStore Warehouse banner opened on its own in late 1984, preceding the building of the rest of the mall.
Tanglewood Mall is a shopping mall in southwest Roanoke County, Virginia, United States.
It contains the second largest indoor carousel in the world.
The Granite Run Mall is a defunct double-level shopping mall in Middletown Township, Delaware County, Pennsylvania, a western suburb of Philadelphia.
Anchor stores are Belk, JCPenney and Roses and a cinema owned by AMC Theatres.
Following the closure of Kohl's in March 2009, the mall concourses were closed off in September 2009.
Louisville-based Stewart Dry Goods was added, as a second anchor department store, in 1969.
The center suffered minor damage in a fire in December 2008
Located on 130 acres its anchor stores are Lord & Taylor, Macy's, Neiman Marcus, and a 14-screen AMC Theatres on the south side of the mall.
At approximately 97,000 ft², its anchor tenant is Sainsburys supermarket, the largest supermarket in Northern Ireland, which replaced the previous anchor, Curleys Supermarket.
In 2005, the shopping mall was converted into a real estate investment company, and 49% of the stakes were offered to the public.
As the Westfield brand was founded in Australia, they have an extensive presence in the Australian retail management industry.
It is close to Ringwood railway station, located opposite the centre on Maroondah Highway.
Baybrook Mall is a shopping mall located in Houston, Texas.
Opened in 1978, it features Bergner's and Sears as its anchor stores.
It is one of the oldest shopping malls in the Chicago area.
It is the largest mall in North Dakota and includes four major anchors, nearly 130 stores and services, and a 750-seat food court.
Japanese tourists have been overtaken by Chinese tourists as the most frequent foreign visitors.
It has many popular restaurants like McDonald's, Pizza Hut, KFC, Sports Box and Cafe Coffee Day.
It is the 29th mall of SM.
The Galleria Shopping Centre is a shopping centre located at Dufferin and Dupont streets in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.
A year later, one became Ross Stores and the other became Sports Authority.
The 56,000-square-foot Manchester's store was later replaced by a food court.
Uniqlo had their first flagship store at Tampines 1.
It is the largest predominantly single-level shopping centre in Melbourne.
The mall is located 5 minutes of walking distance from Sahil Metro station of Baku Subway and Government House of Baku.
Simon Property Group and unnamed co-owners of the Mall at the Source defaulted on a $124 million balloon interest-only mortgage in March 2009.
Three stores remained open until 2013: JCPenney and George's Music which had outdoor entrances, and a Firestone outparcel.
Shoppers previously had to travel long distances to other Atlanta area malls.
The design of the area incorporates a 'two-sided mall design' intended to recreate a traditional high street.
The project is being developed by Texas Real Estate Trust, Inc. and Entertainment Development Group, who also developed the Denver Pavilions in Denver, Colorado.
The 1,300,000 sq ft retail development is spread over 6 acres and includes a 4 km long multiplex, serviced apartments, offices and public spaces.
Lakeside Mall is a Taubman-built super-regional full-line shopping mall located in the northeastern Metro Detroit suburb of Sterling Heights, Michigan.
Galleria Shopping Centre is a shopping centre located in Morley, Western Australia, about 8 kilometres northeast of the Perth city centre.
It is often referred to as "PI".
The mall claims to be the largest Asian mall in Oregon and lists 29 stores as tenants in November 2011.
Lakeside Shopping Center is a mall located at 3301 Veterans Memorial Boulevard in the New Orleans suburb of Metairie, Louisiana.
Maryvale Mall was the second shopping mall in Phoenix, Arizona, before being redeveloped, it was located on 51st Avenue and Indian School Road.
In May 2013, CBL & Associates Properties sold the mall to BVB Properties.
Port Plaza Mall was an urban area shopping mall/multi-use facility located in downtown Green Bay, Wisconsin.
Opened in 1961, it features Macy's, Target, and Walmart as its anchor stores.
Sofia Ring Mall is a shopping mall in Sofia, Bulgaria.
Restaurants are located inside the mall and along its beltway road.
The mall was originally built and opened in 1974 after the Boeing bust stalled construction in 1972.
It also has the first Dillard's location in Southern California.
It is the first shopping mall of Central Group in Isan of Thailand.
Criticism was levelled at the new development that the 'new' shops are mostly stores that have re-located from elsewhere in the city centre.
Former anchors Sears and Staples closed in early 2015.
Bell Canyon sits at an elevation of 1,368 feet.
More recently, it achieved notoriety because of a growing Internet cult following dedicated to covering the mall's deteriorating condition.
The mall has been awarded by the Philippine Retailers Association as the Mall of the Year for 2012.
It is owned and operated by the Kuok Group of Companies, the owner of the worldwide chain of Shangri-La Hotels and Resorts.
The center was designed with a village-style layout and walking lanes throughout.
Edwards, Witherill's, and WT Grant department stores, Goldberg's Furniture and Anderson Little.
Stix, Baer & Fuller,, was added in 1973 along with a new wing of stores.
Hazelton Lanes began to experience difficult times in the early 1990s with the recession that gripped Toronto and much of Canada.
The mall featured nine anchor stores and more than 210 stores at its peak.
It is the first SM Supermall in the province of Quezon.
Outside the indoor structure is a KFC, Post Office and Aldi store, which opened in early 2014.
Above the front shops it has an additional 6 floors which includes a Malmaison hotel and residential apartments.
The original anchor in the corner occupied by Macy's, was The Emporium, which opened in 1964.
A large area in front of Dick's contains a large children's play area and a food court which are popular meeting places within the mall.
SM Seaside City Cebu is SM Prime Holdings' third mall in Metro Cebu and the 55th mall in the Philippines.
Anchor stores include J. C. Penney and Robert Miller & Son Furniture.
Plaza Senayan is a shopping mall located in Central Jakarta, Indonesia.
On May 31, 2016, most businesses closed so the mall could be redeveloped into Ballston Quarter.
It has a gross floor area of 78,655 m2 and a land area of 8 hectares.
It opened in 1956 and is one of the oldest fully enclosed malls, and the first climate-controlled one, in the United States.
Easton Town Center is an indoor and outdoor shopping complex in northeast Columbus, Ohio, United States.
In 2010, Artis Real Estate Investment Trust acquired the remaining 62 per cent stake in the former Commodity Exchange Tower/Winnipeg Square complex for $70.7 million.
It was inaugurated on 6 September 2013.
Each floor in the mall generally specializes in a particular group of IT products.
The Shoppes at Parma, formerly known as Parmatown Mall, is a shopping mall located in Parma, Ohio, approximately 10 miles south of Cleveland.
The Streets of Chester is an outdoor shopping center located on U.S. Route 206 south in Chester Borough, New Jersey.
Its tenants include Starbucks, Jamba Juice, Trader Joe's, Five Guys and more.
Two smaller buildings house Patagonia and GapKids.
Opened in October 1983, it consists of 872,000 square feet of retail space and sits on over 200 acres.
Opened in 1981, it is anchored by Macy's, JCPenney, Furniture Factory, Old Navy, and Barnes & Noble.
The mall is owned by CBL & Associates Properties, Inc.
It opened in 2004 as the only luxury shopping center in the Tucson region.
Montgomery Mall was an enclosed shopping mall in Montgomery, Alabama.
Cape Cod Mall is a regional shopping mall located in Hyannis, Massachusetts.
In January 2017, Macy's announced it would close its Lakeland Mall store as a part of a larger round of closings across the country.
It consists of a 20-storey office tower block, and a 6-storey shopping and entertainment complex, with 3 basement carparks.
Since 2012, Omni Park Shopping Centre is home to the Santry post office which relocated from nearby Santry Avenue.
The roof's steel framework was fabricated by the shipbuilders Scott Lithgow.
The main building has four anchor tenant spaces.
Santa Rosa Plaza is one of two enclosed shopping malls in Santa Rosa, California.
The mall is currently managed by Simon Property Group, and is less than a mile away from Simon's Liberty Tree Mall.
Swords Pavilions is a shopping centre, located in Swords, in North Dublin.
Square 2 conveniently located at Novena MRT Station and nestled in the heart of the bustling Novena shopping and office hub.
The mall primarily serves the city of Tyler and the surrounding East Texas area.
With 12 million annual visitors, Independence Center has constantly been named the most visited attraction in Independence, Missouri.
It opened in May 1979 and was relaunched in the year 2004.
Robinsons Metro East is a shopping mall owned by Robinsons Malls .
Indooroopilly Shopping Centre is a major regional shopping centre in the western suburb of Indooroopilly in the City of Brisbane, Queensland, Australia.
It has an average footfall of 30,000 to 35,000 per weekday.
Currently, The Shoppes at South Hills are owned and operated by DLC Management Corporation.
Vintage Real Estate purchased the mall in 2009.
Its main competitors in the region of Attica are Golden Hall, Avenue, Athens Heart, River West and mainly Athens Metro Mall.
Owings Mills Mall was a large shopping mall that once hosted 155 stores and eateries, in the Baltimore County, Maryland, community of Owings Mills.
The mall can be reached via the Hudson-Bergen Light Rail and PATH systems.
It was opened September 10, 1982 and was operated by AMC.
It opened in 1983 and was owned by the Simon Property Group, who acquired it through their merger with Mills Corporation in 2007.
Plans included a Cinemark Theatre, an Olympic-sized ice rink, a 200-foot fountain, a manmade 3-acre lake, and indoor mobile transportation.
Diamond Plaza is a luxurious shopping center in downtown District 1, Ho Chi Minh City.
Setapak Central, previously known as KL Festival City, is a shopping mall located along Jalan Genting Klang in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia.
SM Chengdu is a shopping mall in Chengdu, Sichuan province, China as part of expansion of SM Prime Holdings Philippines.
Lotus Shopping Centre is a mall near the Bikarnakatte flyover at Kulshekar in Mangalore.
German Supermarket Aldi also opened within the centre in 2016.
Valley View Center is a super-regional shopping mall located at Interstate 635 and Preston Road in north Dallas, Texas, USA.
It has an estimated 100,000m2 of space, 2,500 free car parking places and with 94 shops.
Since 2011 Plaza Frontenac has been owned by a joint venture between Canada Pension Plan Investment Board and General Growth Properties.
It was opened in 1980 by Kravco property management, which owns the King of Prussia Mall outside Philadelphia.
The centre opened on October 14, 1998 and the centre is located at the junction of the M50 motorway and N4 road.
The mall features four anchor stores, as well as 100 stores and a food court.
Anchor stores include Best Buy, Dick's Sporting Goods, JCPenney, Macy's, Sears, and Target.
Kumasi is approximately 300 miles north of the Equator and 100 miles north of the Gulf of Guinea.
The mall is the flagship project of the "Investment and Development" group headed by Igor Gumenuk, Vasily Mikulin, and Irina Friedman.
In 2006, Value Retail News rated Prime Outlets in Grove City as one of the top 20 outlet centers in the United States.
Half of its area became a Pincic Food Court of 12 fast-food restaurants.
City councillors were asked to support a motion demanding Realis changed the name but it was rejected on the grounds that it may deter inward investment.
The region has political and administrative autonomy through the Administrative Political Statue of the Autonomous Region of Madeira provided for in the Portuguese Constitution.
The mall also houses a food court and several professional offices.
NorthPark Center is the nineteenth largest mall in the United States, based on esri.com.
Woodfield Mall is a shopping mall located in the northwest Chicago suburb of Schaumburg, Illinois, United States, at the intersection of Golf Road and Interstate 290.
Carrefour hypermarket was opened in the mall on March 11, 2015.
It is the tenth largest shopping complex in the world.
In 2015, the Rosedale Center announced a 140,000 square foot expansion project scheduled for completion Fall 2018.
It was developed in 1983 by the consortium of property developers, including MTR Corporation, Hong Kong Land, Jardine Matheson Holdings and Kiu Kwong.
Oglethorpe Mall is a super-regional shopping mall on the Southside of Savannah, Georgia.
This mall is spread over 6,36,000 square feet of retail space.
In 2008, the owner of the Shops of Winnipeg Square began a $3 million upgrade to Winnipeg Square and the lobby to 360 Main.
It is one of three Mills landmarks in California that are now owned by Simon Property Group since April 2007.
Opened in 1963, it features Belk, Dillard's, J. C. Penney, and Sears as its anchor stores.
It was called The Cleveland Shopping Centre since its opening in the 1970s until new owners named it The Mall.
The Mall was partially re-opened on September 20, 2012, after meeting strict safety standards following the May fire that resulted in 19 lost lives.
Challenger's flagship store will now be based at Changi City Point with effect from 30 June 2016.
Mantri Square is a shopping mall situated in the Malleswaram locality in Bangalore, Karnataka, India.
Metrocenter Mall is an enclosed shopping mall in South Jackson.
It has an annual footfall of approximately 7 million people.
CentralPlaza Rattanathibet, formerly known as Jusco Rattanathibet is a shopping mall located on Rattanathibet Road in Mueang Nonthaburi District, Nonthaburi.
The Pacific Place Jakarta is a multipurpose building located in the Sudirman Central Business District, South Jakarta, Indonesia.
The centre contains the Chermside bus station, a major hub for buses north of Brisbane.
It also includes a full service marina.
1Borneo Hypermall also known as 1Borneo is a shopping centre in Kota Kinabalu, Sabah, Malaysia.
King Cross Leopolis is a shopping mall located in Lviv, opened on March 26, 2010.
The mall, opened in 2001, is currently the 3rd largest mall in the Philippines owned by Robinsons Malls.
Real is a barangay situated at the west of Crossing, in the city of Calamba.
Arbor Place Mall was built by and is still owned by CBL & Associates.
It is now tenanted by Virginia College.
Entertainment options include multiplex cinemas and D-Cine private theaters, which feature karaoke and on-demand movies.
The outlet mall contains about 150+ stores that ranges from high end stores to stores that would be in normal, casual malls.
The two-story mall has an area of about 1,300,000 square feet and contains approximately 120 stores as well as a food court.
The Neshaminy Mall is located at U.S. Route 1 & Bristol Road in Bensalem, Pennsylvania, United States.
The nearest railway stations are Kurla railway station and Vidyavihar railway station.
Gross built area, 1000 underground car parking spaces, 120 retail units with hypermarket, 8 screen cinema and 1 auditorium.
The retail building is a 3-storey development totalling approximately 160,000 square feet of retail space.
The Blue Hen Mall is a defunct shopping mall on Bay Road in Dover, Delaware.
The City Creek Center project itself has been estimated to cost around $1.5 billion.
The mall also has a food court and a Ruby Tuesday.
They are large-floor warehouse buildings containing partitioned stores where retail outlets sell excess or previous seasons' stocks at reduced prices.
It is the 18th mall opened by Robinsons and the first mall in Mandaluyong City with a gross floor area of 56,000 square metres.
The bridge also houses McDonald’s restaurant from where the motorway can be seen.
The mall is developed by Prestige Land Iran Co. and was designed by the architect Medardo Cadiz of Cadiz International, Inc.
Summit Place Mall, originally Pontiac Mall, was Michigan's first enclosed shopping mall.
The Macy's store was previously an L. S. Ayres prior to September 9, 2006.
The mall opened in 1997, and it is anchored by Sears, and Kmart.
The shopping centre is a 40-acre brownfield site development in the city centre of Hull, England.
At that time, all of the mall anchors vacated as well as most of the specialty stores and restaurants.
Its original structure covered 850,000 square feet in an S-shaped configuration and contained 127 stores.
Victoria's Secret opened stores here in February 2015, Bath & Body Works is planning to open later in 2015.
It is a commercial property developed by Sun Hung Kai Properties.
In 2004, the mall underwent a massive expansion and renovation.
The centre is distinct from The Regent Centre, a shopping centre in Kirkintilloch.
Part of the complex is Sofia Tower, an office building located just above Mall of Sofia.
The mall is north of the junction of NY-78 with NY-5, and Main Street.
May Company became Kaufmann's in 1993 and Kaufmann's became Macy's in 2006.
Opened in October 2004, the center provides shopping to the Hillsboro/Beaverton area west of Portland, near the Sunset Highway.
South Side Mall is an enclosed shopping mall in South Williamson, Kentucky, on U.S. Route 119.
Ever since its decline in late 1990s, it has since been widely considered as a middle-upper shopping enclave.
The entrance to High Street Kensington tube station is within Kensington Arcade.
SM City North EDSA is a shopping mall located in Quezon City, Philippines.
This expansion brought the mall to 150 stores.
Thamrin City in Jakarta, Indonesia is a mixed-use complex including a shopping mall, 3 apartment towers and town houses on the 10th floor.
The complex includes a new bus station and 48 residential flats.
The mall, still privately owned by Cowles Company, is anchored by AMC Theatres and Nordstrom.
The archipelago is considered to be the first territorial discovery of the exploratory period of the Portuguese Age of Discovery, which extended from 1415 to 1542.
The plaza's anchor stores include Boscov's and Burlington Coat Factory.
Market Mall is a shopping centre located in the Eastview neighbourhood on the east side of Saskatoon.
They also sell gaming consoles and handhelds like PlayStation Portable, PS2, PS3, Wii and Xbox 360.
The current roster of department stores include Dillard's, Macy's, and J.C. Penney.
Westfield Broward is a one-level 1,000,000-square-foot shopping mall in Plantation, Florida, a suburb of Fort Lauderdale.
The 1.1 million square foot mall is anchored by Sears, a Dillard's clearance center, Palais Royal, Fortis College and a 14-screen Edwards Theatres multiplex.
The vacant mall was owned by Cafaro Company of Youngstown, Ohio long after its closure.
Sadie's closed and in 2013 the space was occupied by Jackson Family Cafeteria, a buffet which closed in 2016.
ViaPort Florida is an enclosed shopping mall in Leesburg, Florida.
The area is a gateway to the provinces of central, northern and northeastern Thailand.
It is located on Lake Road, Glendale, on a 19.6-hectare parcel of land, and primarily serves the Lake Macquarie region to the southwest of Newcastle.
The mall's anchor tenants are Belk, Burlington Coat Factory, Dillard's, and JCPenney.
Delays in completion have caused the project to lose major tenants.
Kingsport Town Center, formerly Fort Henry Mall, located in Kingsport, Tennessee is the only regional shopping mall serving Kingsport.
Bannister Mall was a shopping mall in the southeast corner of Kansas City, Missouri opened on August 6, 1980.
Jordan Landing is also the location of Utah's largest cinema by number of screens, a 24-screen Cinemark theater.
At the time of opening, the centre boasted Australia's largest Woolworths supermarket.
It is said to be the first shopping centre in Singapore.
In addition to other clients, the tower serves as the headquarters for Walter Energy, Inc.
The mall is located on the north side of Tucson, bounded by Oracle Road, Wetmore Road, Stone Avenue, and the Rillito River.
The mall is located just north of Dodge Street at the intersection of Dodge and Wacker Drive.
Northtown Mall is a shopping mall located in Blaine, Minnesota, United States.
Colonnades Shopping Centre is one of the largest shopping centres in Adelaide, South Australia.
The Einkaufs-Center Neuperlach – pep is a shopping mall in Munich Neuperlach operated by ECE.
The Magnolia Mall is a shopping mall in Florence, South Carolina, near I-95.
Lafayette Square Mall is a super-regional shopping mall in Indianapolis, Indiana.
Most stayed, but some like The Children's Place, American Eagle Outfitters, and Lane Bryant went back to strictly locating at Glenbrook.
The lifestyle center officially opened on November 8, 2007.
The Wijnegem Shopping Center is a shopping mall in Wijnegem, near Antwerp, Belgium.
In March 2013, TGI Fridays departed Richland Mall and was replaced with The Seafood Academy which closed in 2016.
It went through a renovation in 1996.
Its anchor stores are Macy’s, Lord and Taylor, Nordstrom, JCPenney, and Sears, and it features an 11-screen movie theater.
Big Town Mall was a shopping mall located in the Dallas suburb of Mesquite, Texas.
The extension and transport interchange opened to the public on 8 June 2006.
DeSoto Square is an enclosed shopping mall serving Bradenton, Florida.
The mall is notable for reinventing itself over time to remain open, with a current store mix.
NorthWest is owned and managed by Stride Property and is expected to create up to 700 jobs.
Universal Mall is a redeveloped open-air power center located in Warren, Michigan, a suburb of Detroit.
Opened in 2007, it is the second shopping mall in the city, as well as the larger.
Meadowhall is an indoor shopping centre in Sheffield, South Yorkshire, England.
The Al Rashed Mall is a shopping mall located in the west of the Khobar city center in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia.
In 2006, Bayshore Town Center was redeveloped into a mixed use center.
By Spring 2004, work on the mall had been completed.
The Outlets at Orange, and The Great Mall are the others.
Artegon Marketplace, formerly known as Festival Bay Mall, was an enclosed shopping mall located on International Drive in Orlando, Florida, United States.
This shopping centre is now managed by Scentre Group.
Opened in 1988 by The Rouse Company, since 2004 it has been owned by Real Estate Investment Trust General Growth Properties.
However, there are counter-reports of the centre having a significantly negative impact on local businesses due to the preponderance of chain stores.
In the middle part of the ground floor some restaurant chains such as McDonald's and Nordsee, but also ordinary restaurants can be found.
Located at the interchange of Interstate 759 and U.S. Route 411, it is in the southern section of the city.
The Glades is a shopping centre in Bromley, south-east London, England.
Mak Mall is a mall built by Mak group in Kankanady, Mangalore.
An apartment community, The Arlington at Eastern Shore Centre, was developed in the northeastern section of the complex.
The expansion included over 100 new shops, a new 8-screen Reading Cinema and created new jobs for an additional 1300 people, significantly boosting the local economy.
The complex is linked by the redeveloped John Frost Square to the Kingsway Shopping Centre, Newport Museum, Art Gallery and Central Library and Newport bus station.
At its peak, it featured four anchor stores: J. C. Penney, Sears, Sibley's, and McCurdy's.
Along with the Natick Mall, Shopper's World helps form the heart of the regional shopping district known locally as the Golden Triangle.
Sawgrass Mills is an outlet shopping mall operated by the Simon Property Group, in Sunrise, Florida, a city in Broward County.
It was opened on April 6, 2009.
It was officially opened by Tara Palmer-Tompkinson on 10 April 2003.
SM City BF Parañaque is a shopping mall owned and operated by SM Prime Holdings.
It is anchored by Burlington Coat Factory, Home Depot, Ross, Safeway, T.J. Maxx, and Walgreens.
The largest enclosed mall in the region, construction of the US$160 million project began in 2007, and the centre opened in the spring of 2009.
Place d'Orléans was one of the last enclosed malls built in Canada.
Rainbow Centre Factory Outlet was an enclosed outlet mall in downtown Niagara Falls, New York, that operated from 1982 to 2000.
Giovanni Trapattoni was the star guest at the opening.
There is also a large shopping plaza - Swansea Crossings - across the street, which contains a Big Lots and a Regal Cinemas movie theater.
Although the mall was owned by Robinsons Land Corportation, it was operated by Robinsons Retail Holdings, Inc..
The present building was designed by William Tite in the 1840s.
The architects were Loebl, Schlossman and Bennett.
It was anchored by J.B. White, Belk, Montgomery Ward and Cullum's, and also featured a three-screen movie General Cinema theatre.
The centre is in the White City district, where several other large-scale development projects are under way or in the planning stages.
Salford Shopping Centre is a shopping centre located in Pendleton, 2 miles from Manchester city centre.
FlatIron Crossing is an enclosed shopping center in Broomfield, Colorado, anchored by Nordstrom, Macy's, Dillard's, and Dick's Sporting Goods.
As the name suggests, it is a former Victorian secondary school renovated into a modern shopping centre.
From the beginning we wanted the largest shopping center in the world [...] We are the country with the most people in the world.
They closed it all in sometime in the 1970s.
Quaker Bridge Mall is a two-level super-regional mall located in the Clarksville section of Lawrence Township, New Jersey, on U.S. Route 1 near Interstate 295.
The JCPenney store has an unusual pentagonal shape at the state line to keep it entirely within New Hampshire by a few inches.
The Square Tallaght was completed in 1990.
In the 1980's a second level was added to the mall.
The mall was formally opened on November 21, 2003.
It was the last Simon-Mills mall to make the switch.
It is part of the Hamburg Place development.
Often individual stylists pick up clothes from Amara for celebrities or Bollywood events, models have photoshoots there.
Sanko Park is an enclosed shopping mall located in Gaziantep, Turkey.
Mall of Scandinavia is a shopping mall located in Solna Municipality, Stockholm, Sweden.
They offer a wide range of mobile handsets with lucrative schemes.
The town of West Seneca has many times attempted to push Pyramid into developing the site with no results.
The store was eventually replaced by Burlington Coat Factory, which is now closed due to corporate downsizing.
Charleston is a neighborhood, or section, of New York City's borough of Staten Island.
The mall also features a 12-screen Cobb theater, numerous restaurants, and a full-size ice skating rink.
It has a bus station with services to Chermside, Toombul, Redcliffe and local services to surrounding suburbs.
The total rentable store area is 35,000 m2.
It is located within Basingstoke town centre, close to Basingstoke railway station, and incorporates the town bus station and a multi-storey car park.
The mall contains 170 shops and 30 restaurants, with a retail area of 39,000 square metres.
The shopping mall also features an amusement park with a monorail circling around the mall.
The anchor stores include Beall's, Dillard's, JCPenney, Macy's, Regal Cinemas, and Sears.
Parkway Place is an upscale shopping mall in Huntsville, Alabama that opened on October 16, 2002.
Primark, River Island, Schuh, Select, Shoe Zone, Shopmobility, Specsavers, Sports Direct, Tessuti, The Entertainer, Thomson, Vodafone, Warren James.
The companies housed in Frölunda Torg employ in total 1,500 people and their total annual turnover is in excess of 1.6 billion kronor.
Other tenants include Cinemark Dollar Cinemas, Planet Fitness and New Life Church.
The Outlet Collection Seattle, formerly SuperMall of the Great Northwest, is an outlet mall in Auburn, Washington.
Sofia Ring Development will have a total cost of more than 300 million euro.
Opened as "Bankstown Square" on 21 September 1966, it was at the time Australia's largest and was one of Sydney's first major shopping centres.
SM City Iloilo is a shopping mall in the Philippines, owned and operated by SM Prime Holdings.
Tropicana City Mall is a mixed-used buildings which consists of shopping malls, an office block and condominiums.
Today, the mall has 1 anchor, Macy's.
There is also a movie theater, the Laguna Hills Cinema.
La Fiesta Mall was an open-air shopping center located in one of the northern villages of San Roque, Northern Mariana Islands.
The 150 store superregional mall now has over 1,300,000 square feet of leasable space.
It is a large local employer of with its own JobCentre Plus and Retail Training Academy.
Westfield Old Orchard, formerly Old Orchard Shopping Center, is a shopping center in the Chicago metropolitan area.
Thalhimer's was later sold to Dillard's in 1992 and expanded in 2004.
SM Supermalls has become one of the biggest mall operators in Southeast Asia.
Il Vulcano Buono is a shopping mall and leisure center located in Nola, near the frazione of Polvica, Italy.
It contains four department store anchors, and a total of 57 tenants comprising a total of approximately 455,420 square feet of gross leasable area.
It has a gross floor area of 58,000 square meters.
Beaver Valley Mall opened in 1970 as a regional shopping mall, located in Center Township, Beaver County, Pennsylvania.
Over its 30+ year history, McCain Mall has never been expanded, although renovations were done in 1992 and again in 2011-2012.
Chautauqua Mall is an enclosed shopping mall in Lakewood, New York.
It was further plagued upon opening with one anchor store closing before opening as well as a low tenant rate.
On May 4, 2007, Muvico Theaters opened a 14-screen movie theater at the mall's new lifestyle center addition.
The Village Shopping Center is an enclosed shopping mall in Gary, Indiana.
In August 2009, about 4000 tonnes of matpe, green mung, pigeon peas and chickpeas were traded daily.
Meadowbrook Mall is a regional shopping mall in Bridgeport, West Virginia.
Since its completion in 1937, wet season flooding around the market has remained a problem and is vestigial evidence of the old lake.
The mall is located on M-59 between Hayes and Schoenherr Roads.
In 2015, a new restaurant opened in the food court named "La Parrillera Argentina"
Cresta Shopping Centre is a shopping centre in Johannesburg, South Africa.
No one under 16 is allowed after 8 p.m. unless accompanied by a parent or guardian.
The mall was used by director Ron Howard to film portions of the movie Cotton Candy in 1978.
It is owned by Five Mile Capital Partners and managed by Jones Lang Lasalle]].
The mall has a gross leasable area of 1,028,500 sq ft.
For the shopping mall in Massachusetts, see Burlington Mall.
There are also many other stores such as Motherhood Maternity, Bath & Body Works, and Edible Arrangements.
The mall has a gross leasable area of 1,200,000 square feet.
A carousel is located in front of J.C. Penney's as entertainment.
It is the largest single property among the Enterprise Square properties, occupying 1,600,000 square feet and costing HK$2 billion to build.
Kings Plaza Shopping Center is a shopping center within the Marine Park/Mill Basin section of Brooklyn, New York City, near the Flatlands and Bergen Beach neighborhoods.
Westfield Fashion Square underwent another major renovation in 2013 creating a much more cosmopolitan look and an upgraded dining terrace.
Southside Mall is an enclosed shopping mall in Oneonta, New York.
A 14,000-square-metre Carrefour Hypermarket is also located within the mall.
On opening it had both the "biggest indoor water fountain" and the largest glass covered area in Saudi Arabia.
It is situated at the corner of Ti Rakau Drive and Chapel Road in the suburb of East Tamaki, and was opened in 2001.
Turning the train around inside the centre was done on a giant turntable, which became more popular to watch than the train itself.
CoolSprings Galleria is an enclosed regional shopping mall in the Cool Springs commercial and residential corridor between Franklin and Brentwood, Tennessee, 15 miles south of Nashville.
It is directly linked to the MRT-3 station.
Its Metro level is directly connected to the Pentagon City station on the Blue and Yellow Lines of the Washington Metro.
Colosseum is a retail park in Bucharest, Romania, located in the northwestern part of the city, near Chitila.
The Hazel Brook rises at Cribbs Causeway, flowing southwards through Blaise Castle estate, before joining the River Trym.
The Shops at Prudential Center is an urban shopping center located at the base of the Prudential Tower in Boston, Massachusetts.
It has 17,333 tenants in the Philippines and 1,478 tenants in China.
It is the first Ayala mall located in Subic Bay, second in Central Luzon and the fourth outside Metro Manila.
It is accessible from both of these streets and is l-shaped.
The store shut its doors on December 31, 2013, leaving the mall vacant of retail stores.
The main centre has two anchor tenants, Marks & Spencer and Morrisons, at opposite ends of the shopping centre.
It is anchored by J.C. Penney, Macy's and Sears.
The mall is being prepared to be converted as SM Center Zamboanga in 2017.
The mall was demolished save for the old Jamesway and Service Merchandise buildings.
It is located at the corner of 3rd Street and Fairfax Avenue in the Fairfax District of Los Angeles.
Palouse Mall is an enclosed shopping mall in the western United States, located in Moscow, Idaho.
The mall is owned by Hull Property Group.
The mall has four levels with the only JCPenney and Nordstrom stores in Alaska as anchors.
After the end of World War II the market was rebuilt in the modern style.
The centre has two large food courts.
It covers an area of over 45,300 square metres making it the biggest than its predecessors in Mindanao.
The Splitsville Bowling Alley is connected to a movie theater.
Anchor stores include T.J. Maxx, JCPenney, and Younkers.
It is currently owned and managed by The Macerich Company, who purchased the mall in the 1990s.
The development of the shopping centre was initially the subject of controversy, as construction involved demolishing several historic buildings and closing one block of Broad Street.
The mall is served by Metro Local lines: 62 & 130, Metro Express line: 577, and Long Beach Transit route 192.
The Bluewater Shopping Centre Complex is an out-of-town shopping centre in Stone, Kent, England, outside the M25 Orbital motorway, 17.8 miles east south-east of London's centre.
There is parking space for about 1000 cars.
It consists of four blocks of retail, dining, parking, and an office tower named Pioneer Tower.
The Bahrain Mall is a multistorey shopping mall situated in Sanabis, Manama city of the Kingdom of Bahrain.
Eastgate Towne Center, formerly known as Eastgate Mall is an enclosed, mixed-use facility in Chattanooga, Tennessee.
Unlike a traditional mall, Firewheel Town Center was designed in the new urbanism style.
The mall, opened in 2001, is currently the 3rd largest mall in the Philippines owned by Robinsons Malls.
That original centre included high-rise office blocks, and had various shops and a supermarket with open but covered walkways between them.
It is known for its landmark facade, featuring a 100-foot tall Coca-Cola bottle and a colossal bag of M&M's.
Menara Multi-Purpose is also home to Bandar Raya Developments Berhad's corporate headquarters.
Its space has been occupied by Burlington Coat Factory since September 20, 2013.
Oak Hollow Mall is located in High Point, North Carolina, United States.
The Centre is a major shopping centre located south-east of the junction of Circle Drive and 8th Street in Saskatoon, Saskatchewan in the Wildwood neighbourhood.
The Gold Coast City Council argued that the planned Coomera Town Centre up the M1) would cater for the catchment.
Opened in the 1970s, the mall features Dick's Sporting Goods, Belk, JCPenney, and Sears as anchor stores, with more than 90 inline tenants.
The tax-increment financing included a Bass Pro Shop.
It is owned by Simon Property Group.
Bilinguality is emphasised in the shopping centre, because it is owned by Finland-Swedish organisations, most notably Föreningen Konstsamfundet, which was founded in 1940 by Amos Anderson.
Westfield Bondi Junction is a large, upmarket shopping centre located in the suburb of Bondi Junction in Sydney, New South Wales, Australia.
Studios for Park City Communications and Lancaster/York/Harrisburg CBS affiliate WLYH-TV 15 were located on the first floor in the Winter wing alongside an ice skating rink.
It is after Dunmail, a legendary king of Cumberland.
The holiday Habitat for Humanity display continued for one more season at a new location in the mall in the Carson's wing.
It was expanded in the mid 1980s and the new development was opened in July 1987.
The Americana project stirred debate in Glendale for four years.
The Marin Farmers Markets nonprofit organization operates a farmers market on the mall property on Sunday.
The mall itself is currently in a redevelopment phase and has been in business since 1959.
In 2008, Leisure @ Cwmbran opened in the north-east corner of the Town Centre on Glyndwr Road.
Iulius Mall Suceava is a shopping mall in Suceava, Romania.
Developed by Edward J. DeBartolo and Associates, Regency Mall was Augusta’s first shopping mall, opening one week before Augusta Mall.
Functioning as one of the city's retail malls, it is a three-storey building, which spans over Fairfax Street.
The mall's original anchors, JCPenney, Sears and Maas Brothers, anchored the original structure.
A major renovation and expansion was done between the spring of 1995 and spring of 1999.
It will feature a two level structure with over 800,000 square feet of retail and commercial space and two condo towers located on the southeast end.
Bosa's plans were largely put on hold and it sold the mall to First Capital, an investment company, in June 2010.
Greenwood Park Mall is a shopping mall located in Greenwood, Indiana.
Fashion Island is a shopping mall located on Ramintra Road, in Khan Na Yao district outskirt of Bangkok, Thailand.
Stratford Square Mall is a shopping mall in Bloomingdale, Illinois.
It is serviced by bus via route 232 from Melbourne city centre and route 471 from Sunshine or Williamstown.
The former Caldor was demolished and in its place, a two-story Boscov's was constructed, which opened in November 2000, becoming the mall's third current anchor store.
The mall sits on the town line between Farmington and West Hartford, and takes its name from the two.
The six shopping centers were developed by BPG Properties between 1992 and 2002, and the first one opened in 1993.
The project is being developed by Oak Brook-based Mid-America Development Partners, LLC.
Subsequent additions extended the mall in the early to mid-1980s.
The Mall of the Mainland was a shopping mall located off the Emmett F. Lowry Expressway near Interstate 45 in Texas City, Texas.
The big signs of Seneca Mall's entries are still standing as the only standing remains from 1969, reading "TOPS", with "Shops at West Seneca" above.
Burlington Town Center, formerly Burlington Square Mall, is an enclosed shopping mall in Burlington, Vermont.
SanTan Village is an open-air, super regional lifestyle center located in Gilbert, Arizona that spans 1,200,000 square feet of gross leasable area.
Westlake Park is considered Seattle's "town square" and celebrities and political figures often make appearances or give speeches from the building's balcony.
It now has been modified to be a grocery store, department store, dollar store, library and small food court.
After the center was destroyed by the 1987 Whittier Narrows earthquake, its owners began renovating it as a strip mall.
It was founded and owned by the property development company Rapp and Maister.
The Mall is India's first LEED certified gold rated green mall.
A special feature of the new mall is Lingkod Pinoy Center, a group of offices operated by government institutions.
It is directly opposite another shopping centre, Kotva Department Store.
The Berkshire Mall is accessible from US 222/US 422 at the Paper Mill Road interchange or the State Hill Road interchange.
The 175 store and restaurants figure often cited includes stores within the physical mall and its many peripheral restaurants, stores and strip plazas.
Rockaway Townsquare is currently owned by the Simon Property Group.
The mall is owned and operated by its developer, the Ohio County Development Authority.
The mall is anchored by Macy's, JCPenney, Nordstrom, and Sears.
Opened in 1962, it was redeveloped extensively in 1998.
Restaurant outlets in the mall include Subway, Auntie Anne's, Tokyo, Cinnamonster, Great American Cookie Co. and Corn Dog 7.
Springdale is almost entirely an open-air center again, featuring Big Lots, Burlington Coat Factory, Marshalls, Michaels and Sam's Club as anchor stores.
The mall is managed by the Shane Morrison Companies based in Baton Rouge, Louisiana.
The venue is owned by the Al Ahli Holding Group and are operated by 117 Live.
Stockland Townsville Shopping Centre is centrally located in Aitkenvale within the urban area of Townsville, Queensland, Australia.
Acquired in the spring of 2006 by DCG Development, a Clifton Park-based development firm, the mall features over 70 stores and a food court.
Lindale Mall is an enclosed regional shopping mall on the northeast side of Cedar Rapids, Iowa.
The mall has a food court and a TimeOut Arcade.
This at the time was said to be the largest real estate bankruptcy in United States history.
A large percentage of materials will likely be recycled or preserved, including the mall's four entrance signs which will become part of a public art exhibit.
The building is 500 metres long, making it one of the largest shopping malls in Thailand.
Opening in 1975, the centre has 55 stores and a total retail floor space of 45,000 m².
The complex was torn down in 1995 and redeveloped as a strip mall.
Pembroke Mall is an enclosed shopping mall located in Virginia Beach, Virginia, United States.
In 2006, the mall was the location of an attempted mall shooting similar to Omaha's Westroads Mall shooting in December 2007.
This shopping mall is situated facing the Arabian Sea and this is one of the great plus points of this shopping mall.
The centre has over 3,200 parking bays including around 300 undercover spaces, and can be found between Council Avenue, Read Street, Chalgrove Avenue and Contest Parade.
It has over 100 mainline stores and 3 anchor stores Dillard's, JCPenney, Macy's.
Coral Square is an enclosed shopping mall in Coral Springs, Florida.
There are 95 permanent stores and 990,452 sq ft of leased space.
It is home to the largest gaming arcade in South India.
The first plan to demolish the mall was developed in the late 1970s, but the filming of The Blues Brothers prevented this from happening.
The Kumasi City Mall cost $95 million and took 24 months to complete.
Eastport Plaza is a shopping mall located on Southeast 82nd Avenue in Portland, Oregon, in the United States.
Mall anchor stores include Belk, Costco, Dick's Sporting Goods, two JCPenney stores, Macy's and Sears.
That area of the building is now the food court.
The popularity of the centre has exceeded expectations with traffic congestion a problem in peak trading seasons.
A two-level mall owned by the Heva Management Group, it is located in Barangay Luna along National Highway.
Modell's Sporting Goods at Security closed down in late 2008 and now is a USA Discounters store.
It ends at the end of A N College or the famous Pani Tanki.
It has the first Starbucks opened inside a mall in Colombia.
Its anchor tenants are Stockmann, S-market, Lidl, Halonen, Tokmanni and H&M.
The drawing power of the Mall has attracted the attention of other retail builders.
Palladium Square is a shopping mall currently under redevelopment in Ratchathewi district, Bangkok, Thailand.
The Boulevard Mall is located at 3528 S. Maryland Pkwy in Paradise, Nevada, United States.
It opened its doors on March 18, 2005 with over 100 stores, many of which were new to the Jacksonville market at the time.
The centre is also one of the most profitable shopping centres in Australia, with an annual turnover of $806.5-million recorded in 2015.
On an average day, more than 85,000 people visit Ayala Center Cebu, with the figure increasing to 135,000 on weekends.
The mall is the 26th largest in the United States.
Once completed, it will be the largest mall in Mangalore, second largest in Karnataka and among top ten in India.
Liverpool ONE is a shopping, residential and leisure complex in Liverpool, England.
It is to be around a millions square feet and contain two skating rinks.
It also has a free-entry observatory deck on level 3, which is larger than the one at the Peak Tower.
The property currently is known as Christown Spectrum Mall, derived from Chris-Town Mall and Phoenix Spectrum Mall, names previously used in the past.
The Plymouth Meeting Mall is a 952,200 square feet shopping mall in Plymouth Meeting, Pennsylvania, approximately 15 miles northwest of Center City, Philadelphia.
At that time, a former Eugene mayor commented that the city's dreams for a bright future just hadn't worked.
There was even a merry-go-round at the mall.
Orange Park Mall is a shopping mall located in Bellair-Meadowbrook Terrace, an unincorporated suburban area just west of Orange Park, Florida, United States.
At the end of 2010, it became the second St Louis area mall to permanently close since 2006.
Tampines Mall is a suburban shopping mall located at Tampines Central 5 in Tampines, Singapore, next to Century Square as well as Tampines 1.
Columbus is a shopping center located in Moscow City center, within the Moscow Ring Road.
Pennsylvania Route 837, which runs through the town of Homestead also connects drivers to The Waterfront via Amity Street and Waterfront Drive.
Chapel Hills Mall is a shopping mall located in Colorado Springs, Colorado.
The Kalča dominates the area and lies within Niš's downtown core.
The mall opened in 1965, and has been expanded many times since.
Under development since 2004, the shopping center is located on Holly Road on the south side of Grand Blanc.
Woodbridge Center is a major two-level, upscale shopping mall located in Woodbridge Township, New Jersey at the intersection of U.S. Route 1 and U.S. Route 9.
It is the only mall with direct connections to both Jurong East MRT station and Jurong East Bus Interchange.
Ampang Park is a shopping centre located on Jalan Ampang in Kuala Lumpur.
It has a food court and a fourteen-screen Regal Cinemas movie theater.
The grass and tree-lined courtyard gave the center an airy attractiveness which was popular much of the year.
Square One is located at 100 City Centre Drive in Downtown Mississauga, about 28 km from Downtown Toronto and 16 km from Toronto Pearson International Airport.
A third screen opened in the 1970s, along with two more in the 1980s.
Intu Merry Hill is a shopping centre in Brierley Hill near Dudley, West Midlands, England.
The centre was built in the 1970s when many other cities were constructing large malls.
In addition to the 200,000 square foot Nordstrom, Old Orchard also expanded the mall by 100,000 square feet as part of a $200 million expansion.
In April 2010, Swedish hardware store Clas Ohlson opened its sixth UK store in Clayton Square occupying the former premises of Zavvi.
The mall is the oldest and one of the first to be built in Punggol to cater to the needs of the residents living there.
Enfant's product line in the Philippines include baby apparels, toiletries, furniture, feeding products, cotton products and lots more.
High Point Town Center is a lifestyle center located in Prattville, Alabama, across from the Prattville Towne Center.
Established in 1971 and opened to the public in 1973, it is the first air-conditioned mall in Singapore.
Opened in September 1970, it is located at the southeast corner of Flatbush Avenue and Avenue U, just north of Floyd Bennett Field.
Corridors connect both the upper and lower levels.
It is the 32nd mall opened by Robinsons and the 3rd mall in Quezon City, Metro Manila.
It was ranked 72nd in the top 100 Retail chain stores in the country and 24th in the top 100 single store sales in 2002.
Bishop Jerome Nagar is one of the largest shopping complexes in the city of Kollam in the Indian state of Kerala.
The centre has faced competition since the 2006 opening of the nearby Sylvia Park shopping centre in Mount Wellington, which was built as an enclosed mall.
La Encantada is an upscale, outdoor shopping center located in the Catalina Foothills neighborhood of greater Tucson, Arizona, United States.
The St John's Centre is an indoor shopping centre in Leeds, West Yorkshire, England.
Opened in 1991, the mall features, JCPenney, Younkers and Target as its anchor stores.
It opened on November 1, 2011 and connects the casino and the hotel.
The first phase of construction costed a total of €190 million.
Cambridge Centre is a shopping mall in Cambridge, Ontario, Canada, located at 355 Hespeler Road.
SLS is accessible via MRT at Rochor MRT Station of Downtown Line.
The centrepiece of the Square is a chiming clock with moving figures that depict Sheffield's cutlery trade.
The mall is located on Emerald Way near the interchange of US Route 301 and US Route 50.
In December 2007, the SCS was sold for €607 million to French real estate company Unibail-Rodamco, which also owns the Donauzentrum.
Planet M is an Indian music retail store founded by The Times Group.
The mall is anchored by Nordstrom, Macy's, and Neiman Marcus.
Other amenities include a food court, a movie theater, and an outdoor concourse of shops known as The Shops on Butterfield.
Akmerkez is a shopping mall located in the Etiler quarter of Beşiktaş district in Istanbul, Turkey.
Building work began in 1997 as the former Daily Echo building and Pirelli Cable Works were demolished to make way for the centre.
Westfield Chatswood is a large shopping centre in the suburb of Chatswood on Sydney's North Shore.
Moreno Valley Mall directly contracts with the local Police Service as well as private security firm for security services.
The Mall of Qatar project will be adjacent to Ahmed bin Ali Stadium, a host stadium in the 2022 FIFA World Cup.
A clearance warehouse leased the vacant Wal-Mart space annually, but stopped after 2012.
Eurovea connects the Bratislava Riverfront with the city center and offers stores and leisure time facilities while housing businesses, apartments and a Sheraton hotel.
The fourth, Gander Mountain, opened ten months later and will close in 2017.
Opened in 1965, the center currently comprises more than eighty-five stores on one level.
Westdale Mall was an enclosed super-regional shopping mall in Cedar Rapids, Iowa.
It is nestled between two office skyscrapers, 777 Tower and Ernst & Young Plaza.
Opened in 1981, the mall is managed by Hull Storey Gibson.
Palladium is a shopping mall located in the centre of Prague in the Czech Republic.
Place d'Orléans is a large shopping mall in the eastern end of Ottawa, Ontario, Canada, in the community of Orléans.
Simon Property Group owned the mall until 2014, when it was split off to Washington Prime Group.
Butler Town Center is currently under construction on the east side of the development.
It was originally known as Owings Mills Town Center, but a new nearby development in the vicinity has now been given that name.
A new Hilton Garden Inn is also on the ring road.
The Event Cinema complex on the third level of Westfield Marion is the Southern Hemisphere's largest cinema complex, featuring 26 screens.
The mall itself is situated on just one floor, but all of the anchors were built as two level stores.
The architecture firm Aedas designed The Peak Galleria.
Emporia is a shopping mall and one of the biggest ones in Scandinavia.
It was opened to the public on April, 2010.
Broad Street Mall is a large indoor shopping mall located in central Reading, England.
From 2002-2004, the abandoned brewery operated as the largest illegal marijuana grow-operation in Canadian history.
Top Ryde City is a shopping centre in Ryde, New South Wales in Sydney, Australia.
Nassau Inter-County Express buses that serve the mall are the n19, n54, n55, n71, and the n80.
Corn Exchange, Manchester is a grade II listed building in Manchester, England.
Peter Marino is Americana Manhasset's master architect.
Four Seasons Town Centre is a three-story shopping mall in Greensboro, North Carolina.
The mall then saw a major expansion in the late 1980s, when the main portion of the mall was added.
The Dutch real estate investment company Corio owns 46.9% of the public shares.
It is also located next to the popular Bedok hawker centre.
The shopping centre has 800 car parking spaces, with a ground car park as well as a rooftop car park.
It is a two-story enclosed mall with 960,000 ft² of space.
As part of the planning permission for the Lidl unit, three further retail units received planning.
The mall is owned by John Gokongwei, founder of JG Summit Holdings and Robinsons Land Co, it is the first Robinsons mall in the province.
On its top floor, the mall has restaurants and fast food joints.
It is North Carolina's largest tourist attraction, attracting 17.6 million visitors in 2005.
The West 7th Development is also home to The Lofts at West 7th.
A centralised plant uses heat from an aquifer underground and then distributes it to the buildings in the city centre via a district heating scheme.
In May 2009, the mall was completely closed as Sears and the rest of the stores in the mall closed.
Carbon Dack Associates has owned the mall since purchasing it in January 1998.
The Shoppes at Blackstone Valley is an open-air shopping mall in Millbury, Massachusetts on Route 146, 1-mile south of exit 10A of the Massachusetts Turnpike.
The mall has 9 buildings with only Buildings D and E as pedestrian mall.
In February 2017, Burlington Coat Factory also went out of business from the mall.
The mall was owned and managed by Simon Property Group.
Opened in April, 1999, the shopping centre has a floor area of 46,000 square metres.
The most recent was a three-stage redevelopment that was completed in December 1998 adding 63 specialty stores and the 7-screen BCC Cinemas.
Parkway Place is a joint venture of CBL & Associates Properties, Inc. and Colonial Properties.
Sunshine Plaza is a large regional shopping centre located in Maroochydore, Queensland.
It was most noted for its large "town square" style clock and children's train ride during Christmas time.
Price Chopper closed in 1982, and made way for Hills.
The Hollywood & Highland Center is a shopping mall and entertainment complex at Hollywood Boulevard and Highland Avenue in the Hollywood district in Los Angeles.
The New Mall is a super regional lifestyle center located in Macon, Georgia, U.S.A..
West Valley Mall is a mall in Tracy, California that opened in 1995.
Previous anchor stores were Gimbels, A&S, and Alexander's.
The mall is subject to Bergen County's blue laws, which requires the mall to be closed on Sundays.
As of 2016, it has approximately 100 stores, with Sears serving as the only anchor store.
It was opened in January 2013 and is the largest mall in the city.
The Zellers has since closed and has been converted into Target, which also subsequently closed.
Prince Kūhiō Plaza is owned and operated by General Growth Properties.
Another two alarm fire occurred on March 2nd during demolition.
At the time that it was built, it was located in the Alief area of unincorporated Harris County; the area was annexed by Houston shortly thereafter.
Also located near the mall is the Valley River Inn.
Village at Sandhill is a 300-acre lifestyle center located in the northeast area of Columbia, South Carolina.
The shopping centre has a concept food area in Trinity West, namely "Trinity Kitchen", hosting both permanent tenants and rotating "pop-up" vendors.
In April 2016, Jones Lang LaSalle concluded the sale of the Bexleyheath complex to NewRiver Retail.
In 1983, the city of Terre Haute annexed the land on which the mall was situated.
Several chain restaurants located in the center, including P.F.
The site has over 330,000 square feet of specialty retail, restaurant, hotel, and apartment space.
The mall offers a gross leasable area of 917,129 sq ft.
Haywood Mall is a super-regional shopping mall in Greenville, South Carolina, United States.
The mall, constructed in 1976, completed a $70-million redevelopment from 2007-2009.
The mall is managed by Cafaro Company of Youngstown, Ohio.
Westgate is described as a super-regional destination for shopping, dining, entertainment, and commercial offices.
Plans are calling for the structure to be completed some time in 2017/18.
Outlet stores include Ann Taylor Factory Store, Banana Republic Factory Store, Brooks Brothers Factory Store, Coach, Cole Haan, GAP Factory Store, J.
On this site was the Clarendon Hotel in Cornmarket that grew from two former coaching inns, the King's Head and the Star.
Westfield Hornsby, owned and managed by the Scentre Group, is a shopping centre in Sydney's upper North Shore suburb of Hornsby.
It is owned and managed by Rouse Properties, one of the largest mall owners in the United States.
Maple Hill Pavilion is a strip mall serving the city of Kalamazoo, Michigan, USA.
The centre has a combined net lettable area of 235,000 sq ft, which consists of numerous retail stores.
Bridlewood Mall is a shopping centre located in Scarborough, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, at 2900 Warden Avenue.
After the larger Eastland Mall opened in 1982, Washington Square struggled to retain stores.
Opened in 1965 and extensively refurbished in the 1990s, it consists mainly of a large pedestrianised area built on stilts over the River Mersey.
Louisiana Boardwalk provides a sales tax refund on purchases up to $500 in cash and over $500 by check.
The mall also features a Chuck E. Cheese's.
However, The Macerich Company acquired the mall in January 2008, therefore returning to the mall's original name, "The Shops at North Bridge."
The national anchors include JC Penney, which opened in 2005, The Home Depot, which opened in 2006 and Belk, which opened in 2007.
The shopping centre became the first and largest shopping mall in total area in Mexico when it opened in 1980.
The re-development was finished in October 2008, and retailers began trading in new premises shortly before Christmas 2008.
Honey Creek Mall is a shopping center in Terre Haute, Indiana, with 680,890 sq ft of gross leasing area.
Centrio is an integrated mixed-use complex composed of a shopping mall, a hotel, a BPO/office building and a condominium tower located along Capt.
It hosts a cinema, bowling complex, Indian restaurant, Italian restaurant, Farmhouse-style restaurant, Desert restaurant, Tanning salon, baby/toddler keepsake shop and a Trampoline park.
The mall is currently anchored by JCPenney, Macy's and Nordstrom
The mall is owned and operated by General Growth Properties.
The centre was rebranded as intu Watford in 2013 following the renaming of its parent Capital Shopping Centres Group as Intu Properties.
Macquarie Centre is a shopping centre located in the suburb of Macquarie Park in Sydney, New South Wales, Australia and opposite Macquarie University's main campus.
The mall underwent redevelopment completed in the summer of 2009 that included 270,000 sq ft of retail and office space and more than 900 parking stalls.
Financial services include an Executive Cash Service Center and various Bank of America ATMs.
The 108,000-square-metre shopping mall is located on Reina Regente Street and De La Reina Street just south of Recto Avenue and Divisoria.
The mall is jointly owned by Cadillac Fairview and Ivanhoé Cambridge, two of Canada's largest real estate property managers and developers, but managed by the former.
It is directly located off I-394/US 12 between Ridgedale Drive and Plymouth Road.
Southaven Towne Center brought department stores to Southaven for the first time.
It was built by the Edward J. DeBartolo Corporation in 1984, and is currently owned by Simon Property Group.
The first phase of the centre, the 39,000 square feet Sainsbury's store, opened in March 1997.
In total, Glenbrook Square has a gross leasable area of 1,210,000 square feet.
Other tenants in the mall include Marshalls, Michael's, Bed Bath & Beyond, Ulta, Old Navy, and Toys "R" Us.
Subang Parade is shopping mall, and the first to be constructed in Subang Jaya, Selangor, Malaysia.
Its four anchor stores are Carson's, JCPenney, Macy's and Sears.
It is owned by the Roman Catholic Diocese of Quilon, the first Catholic Diocese in India.
The mall opened in November 2007, and in January 2017 was recognized by Forbes as one of the top shopping malls in Jakarta.
Bishops Corner is located in West Hartford, CT at the crossroads between Albany Avenue and North Main Street in West Hartford, Connecticut.
There are also several restaurants and cafes, a Vue Cinema and a bus station.
Opened in 1958, The Pen was at one point the fourth largest mall in Canada, with over one million square feet of floor space.
There are over 70 other stores in the mall, many of which are currently vacant.
The mall has a gross leasable area of 1,149,147 sq ft.
Camins Avenue, one of the busiest thoroughfares in the city.
The mall is located in the Seef district of the capital city, Manama.
Opened in 1981, it has 100 stores.
The Centre was built on the site of Southampton's bus station, a popular rose garden and some terraced housing which had become shops, on Manchester Street.
Combined, the company has about 8.5 million square meters of gross floor area.
Meridian Mall features about 125 stores plus a food court.
The property was renamed as "Spotsylvania Towne Centre" at the beginning of a $12 million renovation project.
As is common with some other 1970's era town centre shopping centres, The Pentagon does not feature a food court or any dedicated dining area.
Central Pattana acquired the former Charoensri complex on 8 April 2009.
City Nord is a shopping center located at Stormyra in Bodø, Norway.
It opened in 2002 and replaced the former enclosed Mohawk Mall previously located on the property.
Located in the HarbourFront precinct of Bukit Merah, it was designed by the Japanese architect Toyo Ito.
Kotva Department Store is a department store in Prague at the Náměstí Republiky.
It became publicly listed in the Philippine Stock Exchange in 1991.
In November 2008 the building received a bomb threat sent to Indonesian police SMS number 1717, U.S. Embassy and Australian Embassy.
The mall annex also included a two screen movie theater and auto repair center.
An H&M will soon open in the Playa zone.
Nevertheless, this flea market is the largest one in Polk County, Florida, and it is also one of the largest in central Florida.
The Lansing City Market is an urban city market located in downtown Lansing, Michigan.
West Valley Mall is home to several rare features, like a and weekly farmers' markets.
Jefferson Pointe was home to the first Barnes & Noble, Panera Bread, ULTA, and Chipotle Mexican Grill in Fort Wayne.
Some businesses in the mall have been forced to close up shop and move to new locations.
In 2006, plans were announced for a $30 million renovation and expansion.
The official address is on Molesworth Street.
It was the first enclosed mall on the north end of Syracuse, and the fourth mall to be built in the entire metropolitan area.
The Beltway Plaza mall is located in Greenbelt, Maryland.
Both buildings are connected by a 45 m podium supported by four columns.
Located at the junction of Wisconsin Highway 31 and 11, the building is surrounded by several freestanding stores and restaurants, including a Target department store.
Windward Mall is an enclosed shopping center located in Kāneʻohe, Hawaiʻi, anchored by Macy's, Sears, and Regal Cinemas.
The mall offers 95 specialty shops and restaurants.
Another original tenant was a Jones & Jones department store, which was sold to Foley's in 2000 and again to Macy's in 2006.
It is located next to Choa Chu Kang MRT/LRT and the Choa Chu Kang Bus Interchange.
NE Pacific Mall is a shopping mall located in Brgy.
It comprises two 16-storey office towers atop a multi-storey shopping podium called HomeSquare which specialises in home decor and furnishings.
Opened in 1971, it is anchored by J. C. Penney, Sears, The Bon-Ton, and OfficeMax.
It is located next to the original Komtar building, being a recent extension of the original building.
It is the 31st in the Robinsons mall chain and the first and largest full service mall in the province of Palawan.
Its anchor stores are Best Buy, J.C. Penney, Macy's, Nordstrom Rack, and Target.
Renovation plans began on the mall, including demolition of the IKEA/Toys "R" Us wing for a Target store, which opened in 2005.
That Porteous store, closed in 2003, was the last in the chain.
The Liberty Tree Mall is a shopping mall in Danvers, Massachusetts, U.S. that is one-third owned by the Simon Property Group.
Avondale Mall, originally known as Columbia Mall, opened in 1964 as an enclosed mall in the state of Georgia, United States.
Northgate Mall is a shopping mall in the Northgate district of north urban Seattle, Washington.
At 1.6 million square feet, the three-level mall is one of the largest malls in New England.
Town and County Shopping Center is a part enclosed and part open-air mall located in Kettering, Ohio.
Lying ten miles south of downtown Dayton, the mall has attracted millions of visitors since its grand opening in 1970.
In 2007 construction began on a 6 storey office space which is part of the shopping mall.
Additional anchors under development include Dave & Busters and Bassett Furniture.
A sign that reads "Meet Me at Third and Fairfax" displays at the front of the Farmers Market.
A new Wal-Mart Supercenter was built on the site of the former JCPenney.
It is owned by the Queensland Investment Corporation].
Johor Bahru City Square is a shopping centre and office building located in the Central Business district of Johor Bahru, Johor, Malaysia.
The park is split into two halves − a leisure area and a shopping area.
The Westchester is a 890,000-square-foot, shopping mall in downtown White Plains, New York.
Siam Paragon is a shopping mall in Bangkok, Thailand.
Westgate Mall is a shopping mall in the city of Brockton, Massachusetts.
Total square footage for Eastland Mall is one million.
The mall closed for five months after the flooding, with its "Preview" beginning in August and the Grand Reopening in October.
The DFA office will accept applications for new passports as well as renewals.
Lakes Mall was an enclosed shopping mall in Lauderdale Lakes, Florida.
It is part of the Central Area located within the Central Region.
The Mercury Mall is an enclosed shopping centre in Romford, in the London Borough of Havering, Greater London.
The mall hosts an annual art festival named "Al Aali Art Festival", which aims to celebrate various forms of art by both established and upcoming artists.
SM City San Pablo is the 38th shopping mall owned by SM Prime Holdings.
In 2003, JCPenney took over the site.
North County Tavern + Bowl opened on the second level of the mall in December 2010, replacing Oggi’s Pizza & Brewing Co. and three adjacent stores.
The expansion of the centre will cost £40m and add 16,722 m² of retail space which will more than double the current centre.
Robinsons Place Pangasinan is a current shopping mall located in McArthur Highway, Calasiao.
In 2003, Greenwood Park Mall underwent its first major renovation since becoming an enclosed shopping mall in 1980.
The two main buildings are linked by a six-level garage for 2,600 cars.
The Broadway later became Bloomingdale's--the result of Federated Department Stores buying out Carter Hawley Hale Stores, parent company of The Broadway.
The center consists of both an indoor mall and exterior outlying stores and occupies over 105 acres split between the municipalities of Paramus and Maywood.
The building, vacant except for a thrift store, an intermediate school district, and a Michigan Department of Human Services office, is owned by Art Dore.
It is owned and managed by Stone Brothers.
It is currently the 4th largest shopping mall in the Philippines and the 11th in the world.
It was opened in 1965 and was known as Cowley Centre until 1989.
The Broadway was converted into a Macy's in 1996.
A multimillion-dollar expansion in 1981 brought Sears and Petersen Harned Von Maur to the mall.
In January 2017, home furnishings retailers Williams-Sonoma and Pottery Barn relocated to the Legacy Village at Spring Hill in west Mobile, AL.
Mayfair Mall is a shopping mall located on Mayfair Road between North Avenue and Center Street in Wauwatosa, Wisconsin, USA.
The center opened on May 19, 2005 and is located in one of the Portland metropolitan area's most affluent areas.
Dave & Busters is also a recent addition to the mall and region.
The mall is located on the Southeast corner of US 60 and I-10.
The mall is primarily a single-level structure, with a small lower level beneath anchor retailer JC Penney, and free standing restaurants in the outlying parking areas.
It was refurbished and reopened with a completely renewed commercial concept 14 October 2011.
After demolition, it was replaced by a big box strip center known as Wilton Square.
After a long decline, the mall closed in 2010 and redeveloped into a new center called Shingle Creek Crossing.
The centre also contains a 10 screen Omniplex cinema.
Due to Pennsylvania's lack of sales tax on clothing, many visitors to Grove City's outlets are from out-of-state or from Canada.
Northcote Plaza Shopping Centre is a sub regional shopping centre located in Northcote, in the inner northern suburbs of Melbourne, the state capital of Victoria, Australia.
It opened at the end of 2012.
It fell in disrepair, but has since been completely remodeled and now serves as a popular gathering place for the city's residents.
It contains four major department store anchors, and a total of 57 tenants comprising a total of approximately 555,400 square feet of gross leasable area.
SouthPark Mall is the name of the shopping mall located in Moline, Illinois.
The mall has a land area of 9.3 hectares and a gross-floor area of 140,000 square meters
Foothills Mall is an indoor regional shopping mall located in Maryville, Tennessee.
The plaza-style design of the food court was also eliminated in favor of a more open layout.
The building design has been inspired by Neoclassical architecture.
Its anchor stores are Macy's, JCPenney, and Sears.
It consists of eight storeys, for a total gross floor area of 183,000 square feet, and sitting on a land area of 106,000 square feet.
It is owned and managed by PREIT.
For dinner the mall has various restaurants such as Chili's Grill & Bar, and Pizza Hut.
Chang's China Bistro, Grimaldi's Pizzeria, Irish 31 and the Bay Area's only Maggiano's Little Italy, Seasons 52, Mitchell's Fish Market Restaurant located at WestShore Plaza.
On November 21, 2014, ABC News announced that Hawthorne Plaza would be revitalized as an outlet mall.
The complex is managed by AIG Baker of Birmingham, Alabama.
The Shops at Mission Viejo is an upscale shopping mall located in Mission Viejo, California.
The shopping centre takes its name from the adjacent Crescent College, whose original building was in The Crescent in the city centre.
Opened in 1972 as an indoor mall, sometimes known informally as Jantzen Beach Mall, it was largely torn down in 1995–96 for big box development.
Grand Central Stockport is a retail, entertainment and leisure complex in Stockport, Greater Manchester.
The mall comprises 200 stores and 4,225 parking spaces.
Galeries d'Anjou is one of Cadillac Fairview's four self-branded "fashion centres".
Middleton Grange is a shopping centre in Hartlepool, England.
Obchodní centrum Letňany, also known as OC Letňany is a shopping mall located in the Letňany district of Prague, Czech Republic.
Current anchor stores are JCPenney, Belk Men and Home, Belk Women and Kid's and TJ Maxx.
At the time of its opening in 1986, the area around the exit was largely undeveloped.
It is also the top employer of the students of nearby Texas A&M University.
This center includes Publix, Cold Stone Creamery, Starbucks, Bonefish Grill, and Pier 1 Imports, among many others.
The shape and type of a CBD almost always closely reflect the city's history.
The Galleria Vittorio Emanuele II is one of the world's oldest shopping malls.
It is located along Campbell Avenue at the intersection of Shirley Highway and Quaker Lane / Shirlington Road in Arlington, Virginia.
It was developed by Hysan Development Company Limited at the former site of Hennessy Centre and was designed by international architecture firm Kohn Pedersen Fox.
It has six retail floors, a seven-level annexed podium and 400,000 square feet of shopping space with over 100 stores.
It lies within the boundaries of M-84 to the west, Tittabawassee Road to the north, Fashion Square Blvd.
It was developed by the Henderson Land Development in 1995.
Atlantic Terminal is also an office building and part of the ticket office of the Long Island Rail Road's Atlantic Terminal.
The majority of the site is being redeveloped, centering on the Golden 1 Center, home of the NBA's Sacramento Kings.
For example, the waterfall and stage in the center court was replaced with two miniature fountains situated between the escalators.
The Willow Grove Park Mall has Bloomingdale's, Sears, Primark, Macy's, Nordstrom Rack, and JCPenney as anchor stores.
Mount Pleasant Towne Centre is an upscale shopping center located in Mount Pleasant, South Carolina.
Over the years it has seen anchors come and go, such as Eaton's, Woolco, Robinson's, Consumers Distributing and Walmart, which was replaced by Zellers.
RP Mall was formerly known as K-Mall and was the first mall venture from Malabar Developers and first of its kind in South kerala.
With a total of 1,900,000 square feet of enclosed space, it was the largest enclosed mall in the state of Missouri.
Since 1982 four out parcels have been added to the property.
Today, it is owned by Simon Property Group.
It has over 1 million square feet of retail space and ushers in the concept of modern retailing in Aurangabad.
From 2006 to August 2010 it was owned by The Mall Fund and was known as The Mall Romford.
