Billboard Hot 100 on April 13, 1957, staying there for eight weeks.
"Complete Control" reached number 28 in the singles chart, making it The Clash's first Top 30 release.
This caused Moyles and a good friend of members of the band to shout out on the radio, live, "It's not too slow, it's perfect.
An accompanying music video was issued, where it featured the group singing in a cave to fans.
"I Don't Want to Be" is a song by Gavin DeGraw appearing on his 2003 debut album, Chariot.
"Love the One You're With" is a song by folk rocker Stephen Stills.
The song won five awards at the 13th Annual Grammy Awards in 1971, including Grammy Award for Record of the Year and Song of the Year.
When preparing the tapes from these sessions for release in April 1970, producer Phil Spector added orchestral and choral overdubs.
The recording originally reached number 60 on the UK Singles Chart in 1997.
It failed to do well on the charts.
Feeder also have a B-Side with the same name which was released two years later on their B-Sides album "Picture Of Perfect Youth", in 2004.
The track was originally released in an instrumental form as "Dirty" in 1992, credited to the group's short-lived alias, Lemon Interupt.
It was reportedly the most expensive single ever made at the time of its release, though the exact cost of production cannot be determined.
It was first released on October 30, 1989 but didn't reach the UK singles chart.
The lyrics are generally interpreted as a reference to the verbal arguments that preceded band founder and drummer Mick Pointer's departure from the band.
"Welcome to the Jungle" is a song by American rock band Guns N' Roses, featured on their debut album, Appetite for Destruction.
Dion promoted this song by performing it in a French TV show, called Hit Machine.
Despite the awards gained following its release, the song also generated controversy over its subject matter and has received a largely negative reaction from music critics.
For while I walk at the rear of the horse, my dear,
Prince solely wrote and produced it, while Mike Scott provided guitar strings for the track.
It was released by Epic Records on September 26, 2002, as the lead single from her third studio album This Is Me... Then.
"Ray of Light" is a song by American singer Madonna.
It was originally released by Stacy Lattisaw in 1980 when it became a big hit in the UK, peaking at No.3.
It was released as the second single from the album on 5 November 2001, by One Little Indian Records.
Queensryche performed the song live at the Grammy Awards of 1992, for being nominated in the category of "Best Rock Song", and featured a supporting orchestra.
"Say Something New" is a 2004 single by The Concretes.
Most of the lyrics were adapted to suit the circumstances of Diana's life and death.
Bluesman Elmore James revived the song with recordings in 1954 and 1960–1961.
Lead singer Justin Hawkins performs much of the song in falsetto.
The song has prominent electropop and dance-pop genre characteristics.
It was released on 30 July 2001 as the second single from Halliwell's second solo album of the same name.
It has been claimed that Winwood bet with his friend Elton John that the song would become a top-five hit in the UK charts.
Some critics commended the song for being a highlight from the album.
"R&B Junkie" received positive reviews from music critics, who described it as "infectious" and one of the best tracks on Damita Jo.
This song was particularly difficult to record, and required more takes than usual.
"Nuthin' But a 'G' Thang" is a duet by American rapper Dr. Dre and rapper Snoop Doggy Dogg from Dre's debut solo album, The Chronic.
"If It Feels Good Do It" is the first single from Canadian rock band Sloan's sixth studio album, Pretty Together.
"Flowers in the Window" is the third and final single from indie band Travis' third studio album, The Invisible Band.
Katie Melua also covered this song on the Piece By Piece album.
It features the vocals from American singer Ne-Yo, who co-wrote the lyrics with Dimitri Thivaios.
The rock group Chicago referred to "Eh, Cumpari!"
"Let's Get Married" is a song performed by American contemporary R&B group Jagged Edge, from their album J.E.
"Superman's Dead" is a song by Canadian alternative rock group Our Lady Peace.
The song, inspired by a remark Stills heard from musician Billy Preston, became his biggest hit single, peaking at No.
"I'll Never Smile Again" is a 1940 song written by Ruth Lowe.
The following week it climbed to number 12 as a physical single was now available.
The limited first pressing edition of the single contains decorative stickers and features a different album cover than the regular edition version.
"Never Gonna Cry Again" is the debut single by the British new wave duo Eurythmics, released in 1981.
This is technically the ninth video played on MTV's first day, August 1, 1981.
"Break It Off" made chart appearances on the singles charts of the United States and Belgium.
The atmospheric single is noted for its heavy piano and guitars played in unison, with Andy Williams' percussion maintaining a driving beat.
It reached number one in nearly 25 countries, selling about six million copies worldwide – two million of them in the United States.
"Mobscene" is a song by American rock band Marilyn Manson.
The song has been performed on a number of live appearances by Furtado, including her third headlining Get Loose Tour.
The song also showcases fuzz noise on all of the instruments, a quality created by producer Robert Schneider.
"Dirrty" is a song recorded by American singers Christina Aguilera and Redman for the former's fourth studio album Stripped.
Jackson came up with the title, and Wildhorn completed the music and lyrics for the song.
The song contains an interpolations of "The Message" by Grandmaster Flash and The Furious Five and "Radio Activity Rap" by MC Frosty and Lovin' C.
Because of this, many overlook "John the Fisherman" and claim "Jerry Was a Race Car Driver" was Primus' first single.
The song was used in the opening scene for the season 5 finale of the HBO original series Entourage.
It was released in November 1992 as a promotional single from the EP.
Golden Greats is the second solo album released by Ian Brown, a first made famous by his role as frontman in The Stone Roses.
They performed this remixed version at the CMT Video Music Awards in 2005.
It is considered to be the band's first hit.
The CD release in March 2001 came in a variety of international formats, including the standard two CDs in the United Kingdom.
The song is best known in a recording by The Everly Brothers, issued by Cadence Records as catalog number 1337.
It was the band’s first single release since "Shut It" in 1996.
The song attracted attention from Sub Pop Records, who issued the song as a single in February 2001.
It was released as the first single from Young's third album Keep On, and his eighth single overall.
The music was written by the band, while the lyrics were written by guitarist Mike Rutherford.
One of the engineers during the recordings of "All Right Now" was Roy Thomas Baker, who would later become Queen's producer.
It peaked at number 17 on the Canadian RPM Pop Chart while spending five weeks at number 2 on the RPM Rock and Alternative Chart.
"Rock and Roll All Nite" is a song by Kiss, originally released on their 1975 album Dressed to Kill.
It was released as the album's first single in May 2000 but did not chart.
"Going Mobile" is a song written by Pete Townshend and originally released by The Who on their 1971 album Who's Next.
The single's B-side, "Wake the World", is taken from Friends, released the month before.
"Us and Them" was released as the second single from The Dark Side of the Moon in the United States, peaking at No.
Jammy recorded a number of other artists on the original backing track including Tenor Saw, and Johnny Osbourne.
He wrote "Animal I Have Become" while in rehab for his addiction.
Shijo Saidai no Sakusen?, in which she also starred.
The song was recorded on the behalf of and to support the clemency for Stanley Tookie Williams.
"Get Him Back" is a song written by American singer Fiona Apple and produced by Mike Elizondo and Brian Kehew for her third album Extraordinary Machine.
In a 2009 interview, singer Matt Caughthran named it as his favorite of the band's videos and explained its nature:
Evans wrote this with Tom Shapiro and Tony Martin.
It was also his first single to perform better on the pop chart than the R&B chart.
After being released on her 1969 album Dusty in Memphis, it was later in the year recorded and popularized by Baby Washington on Cotillion.
A live recording of the song is featured on Under Blackpool Lights as well as Under Great White Northern Lights.
"What Have You Done for Me Lately" is a song by American singer Janet Jackson from her third studio album Control.
The song was released on June 25, 2002 as the lead single from the album by Virgin Records.
Though this song was popular, it was not released as a single in the US and the UK.
The week after Jones' death the song re-entered the Hot Country Songs chart at No.
Shi Xin Hui, a female singer from Singapore, recorded a cover of this song.
The song is slow-tempo, with lyrics detailing a conversation between a couple.
"Anysound" is a rock song by The Vines from their 2006 album Vision Valley.
In the United States, the song was first released as the B-side of the "Purple Haze" single in June 1967.
The original English-language version was re-released as a single in 2012, as part of the Bad 25 release.
It was written by lead vocalist Noddy Holder and bassist Jim Lea, and produced by Chas Chandler.
"Come as You Are" is the lead single from Beverley Knight's fourth studio album, Affirmation.
It peaked at #13 on the US Billboard Hot Dance Club Play chart, making it her highest charting single.
"Pumps and a Bump" is a song by Hammer, released as the first single from his album The Funky Headhunter.
I'd gone there, not for the usual reasons...but to get away from the wife and mother-in-law.
After debuting at number 3 on the French national chart, it remained in the top five for 12 weeks and was certified platinum in February 2006.
41 in February 1986 on the Billboard Hot 100 chart.
Collins also appeals directly to God by singing: "Oh Lord, is there nothing more anybody can do?
The cover art features fragments of a Soviet map of Russia and Europe, with different fragments used for the different editions of the single.
German as "Ich weiß, so lieben kann ich niemals mehr" by Margot Werner.
The music video features actress Danica McKellar playing a cello.
It is a work song, from the point of view of dock workers working the night shift loading bananas onto ships.
It received praise from music critics, who considered it a change of pace from the trio's more lighthearted singles.
It was produced by production team The Underdogs and written by R&B singer-songwriter J. Valentine.
It was released in November 2005 as the first single from her third studio album, Birds.
It has a Portuguese version called "Venha de Novo O Amor", which was released in Brazil as a single.
It appears on the Christmas compilation LP The Edge Of Christmas in its full 12" version with the drum intro.
"You Remind Me" is a song by American singer Mary J. Blige.
Party of Special Things to Do was reissued by Third Man Records in early 2011 as a part of their Vault subscription service.
It was about kids knocking around together and how their lives part as they get older – and never the twain shall meet again.
It samples the 2003 hit "21 Questions" by 50 Cent.
The song was certified Gold by the RIAA.
"The Wonder of You" is a song written by Baker Knight.
Uh-Huh contained three Top 20 Billboard Hot 100 hits: "Crumblin' Down", "Authority Song", and "Pink Houses".
The title, title track, and lyrics are satirical references to the Cookie Puss ice cream treat.
2 hit in the United States, and reached No.
"West End Riot" was the fourth single taken from Australian rock group, The Living End's debut self-titled album.
Diane Warren did also the background vocals.
The song was covered by the Browns in 1959 in English as "The Three Bells"."
It was voted #79 in About.com's Top 100 Rap Songs.
The lyrics of the song are simple, written as an invitation to dance with the singer.
"Miss Me Blind" is a song by English new wave band Culture Club.
The single and B-side were both recorded in the basement of Pye's offices in Great Cumberland Place on 10 December 1965.
The song later became a crossover hit for the brothers and one of their most enduring records by their legion of fans.
It was covered and released as a 7" single by Detroit garage rock band the White Stripes.
"Please Don't Go Girl" first rose from #62 to #46, on the U.S.
The song also appears on the greatest hits compilations The Greatest Hits and The Very Best of Cher.
"Hi Hi" is a single by Puffy AmiYumi released on 16 November 2005.
The song was one of several teen tragedy songs from that period.
The song stalled at #74 on the U.K. singles chart.
Internationally, "Trick Me" achieved similar chart success to that of "Milkshake".
The B-side of the single, "Sky Fits Heaven", reached number 41 on the US Dance Club Songs chart.
Due the success of the song, it was featured on the 2001 compilation album Now That's What I Call Music!
Other lyrics refer to Bono's relationship with his wife.
Several rock journals have placed the song on their greatest song lists, such as Rolling Stone, Q magazine, and VH1.
The video for the single was directed by Max & Dania.
Don't Wanna Be Here was the first single for the band Cool for August and was also released as a CD single in Australia in 1997.
The song was also nominated for Best Female Country Vocal Performance at the 2005 Grammy Awards.
"Bu Gece" was originally formed part of Tarkan's 1997 album Ölürüm Sana under the title of "Kır Zincirlerini".
Written by Christos Dantis with English language lyrics co-written by Natalia Germanou, "My Number One" awarded the first victory to Greece in Eurovision.
Cat Power recorded the song for her fifth studio album The Covers Record released in 2000.
7" Single PB42081 and 7" gatefold with stickers:
A single of "King Nothing" was released in the United States.
The song was written by lead guitarist Gary Richrath.
An acoustic version of the song features on the Radio 1's Live Lounge album.
It was also the first single released from the album and reached No.
It was placed 11 on a similar list by Rolling Stone.
Rolling Stone magazine ranked the song as  No.
"I Feel Love" is a song by Giorgio Moroder and Pete Bellotte with lyrics by Donna Summer which appeared on Summer's 1977 album I Remember Yesterday.
"Secret Lovers", released in 1985, was the third single from As the Band Turns, the sixth album from American group Atlantic Starr.
The song was written by group member Graham Russell.
This was also featured on the 2001 compilation album Now That's What I Call Music!
Billboard Hot 100 in 1989, staying on the Hot 100 for thirty weeks, despite lack of airplay due to the controversial nature of the lyrics.
In 1990 The Dubliners re-recorded the song with The Pogues with a faster rocky version charting at No.4 in Ireland and No.63 in the UK.
Written by Maurice Starr, it was a huge worldwide hit, selling over 10 million copies worldwide, making it one of the biggest selling singles of 1990.
It peaked at number two on the Oricon Charts.
The song is highlighted by a guitar solo that emulates the approach of Jerry Garcia including the use of an envelope filter.
Phil Spector, whose "Wall of Sound" approach can be heard on the recording, assisted with the production.
That song made a separate chart entry, and peaked at #76 on the Billboard Hot 100 and #50 on the R&B Charts.
It was inspired by the band's early days touring punk rock clubs, mainly Soma in their hometown of San Diego.
Lyrically, the song was a departure from the usual Ramones topics, due to Beauvoir's involvement and it became a major critical success for the band.
In the video, Jackson and Tucker portray men who are trying to gain a woman's affection.
Behind the door is a table with a candlelit feast on it, and behind that, a spiral staircase that leads upwards out of sight.
"Angels Brought Me Here" was also popular in New Zealand, topping the RIANZ Singles Chart and achieving platinum certification.
"Streetcorner Symphony" is the fifth and final single from Rob Thomas's solo album ...Something to Be.
1988-2003 and Part Lies, Part Heart, Part Truth, Part Garbage 1982–2011.
The version featured on the 2002 CD reissue of Legend is the b-side version from the "Jamming" 12-inch single.
"Who's Gonna Ride Your Wild Horses" is the fifth track on U2's 1991 album, Achtung Baby.
In 2015, the song was voted by the British public as the nation's favourite 1980s number one in a poll for ITV.
From the band's end, there was hesitation to film another concept video.
It was released as a 7" single in December 1981 in the United States and in January 1982 in the United Kingdom, on Liberty.
"All Shook Up" is a song recorded by Elvis Presley, published by Elvis Presley Music, and composed by Otis Blackwell.
It achieved international success when released as a single in 1986.
Although Millie tells others about the abuse, no one believes her.
The song charted at number 10 on 23 May 2010.
Two demo versions by MacLean himself were released in 1997 on his album Ifyoubelievein.
"See Emily Play" is a song by English rock band Pink Floyd, released as their second single in June 1967.
The single peaked at number fifty four on the Billboard Hot 100, becoming his highest charting single to date in that country.
It is a tribute to ahbez's mentor Bill Pester, who had originally introduced him to Naturmensch and Lebensreform philosophies, which ahbez practised.
1 on the Billboard Top Sellers in Stores chart.
"Ocean Breathes Salty" is the second single released from Modest Mouse's album Good News for People Who Love Bad News.
After he played a song for her, Furtado became inspired and wrote the lyrics to "No Hay Igual" "nearly on the spot".
Other releases of this single only had two tracks, "Bu Gece" and "Unut Beni," as a B-side.
The song originated from a demo the band recorded on which drummer Larry Mullen Jr. played a unique rhythm pattern.
The song has been covered by a number of artists including Mexican recording artist Byanka and French recording artist Alizée.
Moore co-wrote the song with Blair Daly and Troy Verges.
By the time Jewel's third LP was released she stated that she had been getting into the club scene of LA.
"Goin' Down Slow" or "Going Down Slow" is a blues song composed by American blues singer St. Louis Jimmy Oden.
It preceded the album Gods And Monsters which charted lower than their previous album I Am Kloot.
It became her second number-one single in the United States on its ninth week, attaining the position for three weeks.
"The Laughing Gnome" is a song by English singer David Bowie, released as a single on 14 April 1967.
It was also the final US single from the album.
"Stone Cold Crazy" also features on the band's 1992 compilation album, Classic Queen.
A Ukrainian version called "Dyki tantsi" was released in Russia and Ukraine.
[Interviewee:] When he finally has a crash, because he drives like a brainless kid, he dies.
The song featured in 2009 action movie 12 Rounds.
It is the opening track and lead single from the band's second album, Nevermind, released on DGC Records.
The song was released as a single and became the band's best-selling and most popular song.
The single was released on November 30, 2005, in two different formats: CD only and CD+DVD.
"It All Begins With You" was the final single from Jody Watley's third album, Affairs of the Heart.
Several musicians subsequently recorded it in a variety of styles.
The song reached #18 on the Cashbox charts in August 1952.
After "Bang and Blame", the band did not have a single that matched its success.
For example, he constantly repeats the line "I need an around the way girl" throughout the entire rap.
The song's lyrics were written by vocalist Scott Weiland.
The song concerns the mistreatment and lack of appreciations for black people in the United States.
This instrumental featured only a piano, with keyboard accompaniment during the chorus sections.
"7-Rooms of Gloom" is a song recorded by the Motown Records vocal quartet The Four Tops.
2, in London with engineer Andy Johns and assistant engineer Tony.
It was also Snoop's first single outside Death Row as being a single from an album released by Columbia/Sony and produced by JD.
It charted at number seven on the UK Singles Chart, making it the highest charting single from the album.
1 in many countries, including the UK, where it became the biggest-selling song of the year.
The song managed strong digital download and close to no airplay, balancing out to its billboard peak of #24.
2 with over 100,000 copies sold in its first week and sold about 500,000 units, a great feat for a post-album single.
The song was recorded for H&M clothing stores' 2014 advertising campaign.
It included as B-side another album track called "Pour vous".
"Counting Blue Cars" is a song by American alternative rock band Dishwalla that appears on their 1995 album Pet Your Friends.
The single was certified platinum by the RIAJ for 400,000 copies shipped to stores.
It appears on John's fourth album, Madman Across the Water, and was released as a single in 1972.
It received much the same attention as when it had been played on Peel's show.
"Make a Secret" is BoA's sixteenth Japanese single, and fifth lowest selling.
One minor error in the song is a mention of "the Ontario Zoo", which does not exist.
Bob Seger recorded a cover in 1989, but opted not to release it because Stewart's version had been released earlier.
"The World Is Not Enough" was praised by reviewers; it reached the top forty of ten singles charts and the top ten of four.
"Your Smile" is a 1986 R&B/Soul single from American singing duo René & Angela.
In February 2014, after the Channel 7 screening of INXS: Never Tear Us Apart mini-series, "Never Tear Us Apart" charted again in Australia via download sales.
Croce was nominated for two 1973 Grammy awards in the Pop Male Vocalist and Record of the Year categories for "Bad, Bad Leroy Brown".
It was produced by former Motown songwriter and producer Norman Whitfield for Whitfield Records.
"Lose My Breath" is a song by American group Destiny's Child.
The song is often erroneously thought to be featured in Abigail's Party, coming from the party held next door by the unseen title character.
The song is produced by Chad Hugo and Pharrell's production team, The Neptunes.
The song became a hit following its release, peaking at No.
It was released as the second single from the band's 2005 album, Make Believe.
The song was written by Robert John "Mutt" Lange and Shania Twain.
It was released in the UK on 27 March 2006.
In 2011, Rolling Stone magazine ranked Dylan's version of the song at #232 in their list of the 500 Greatest Songs of All Time.
The lyrics highlight the positive qualities of German culture and society and stand as a beacon of hope.
Humorously, they are virtually identical, all consisting of a close up photo of an individual, masked, TISM member.
"Stiff Upper Lip" is a song by rock band AC/DC.
The single peaked at number eighteen in the Dutch Mega Top 100 Singles Chart.
50 on the Billboard R&B chart in 1968.
It was written by Kal Mann and Bernie Lowe and published in 1957 by Gladys Music.
The song is notable for its intro, an acoustic flamenco-style solo by Eddie Van Halen.
Though currently only known on Earth, life need not be restricted to it, and many scientists believe in the existence of extraterrestrial life.
It also reached number 34 in the UK.
It was the band's first CD single.
It was introduced in the film The Joker Is Wild.
The song hinted at the more soul-based style to come with Paul Weller's next band, The Style Council.
The music video was filmed and directed by Didier Kerbrat in Montreal's Imperial Theatre in July 2005, and released in September 2005.
"Start the Commotion" is a song by electronica/hip-hop duo The Wiseguys from their second album The Antidote.
It was first released by Work Records on May 11, 1999, as a B-side to "If You Had My Love".
It is also featured on the greatest hits collections ZZ Top's Greatest Hits, Chrome, Smoke & BBQ, and Rancho Texicano.
"Against All Odds" is a song by English drummer, singer and songwriter Phil Collins.
It was released on 20 March 2000 as the third and final single from their second studio album Awake and Breathe.
As of 2015, the song has never been mixed to stereo, so the US album version was rechannelled and all subsequent reissues have been in mono.
"Long Black Train" is a song written and recorded by American country music singer Josh Turner.
The song was released as the album's second and final single, following the success of "Dip It Low."
"Star Wars Theme/Cantina Band" is a disco single recorded by Meco, taken from the album Star Wars and Other Galactic Funk.
The song is also included on Oasis' compilation album Stop the Clocks and on the US release of Time Flies... 1994–2009.
It has since appeared on various Presley gospel and/or inspirational compilations.
The song features reggae artist Ian Lewis from the group Inner Circle.
The studio version was available on Myspace on September 2, 2006.
In 1999, it was featured in an advert for the Lexus IS200.
The song won two Grammy Awards, one for Best Rock Song and the other for Best Rock Performance by a Duo or Group with Vocal.
The track has been remixed and released many times since its original release, both legitimately and in bootleg format on CD, Vinyl and Cassette.
It was released on April 2, 2004.
"White and Black Blues" was the French entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1990, performed in French by Joëlle Ursull, from her album Black French.
It was just a good rockin' song, our attempt at writing a classic ...
However, Elliot's "Make Your Own Kind of Music" single only just reached the Top 40 at #36.
It was written by Franne Golde, Kasia Livingston and Robert Palmer while the production was handled by Ron Fair and co-produced by Tal Herzberg.
The single was accompanied by an innovative music video, directed by the partnership of Kevin Godley and Lol Creme.
"Down Rodeo" was a promotional single by American rap metal band Rage Against the Machine sent out to various American radio stations.
It was remixed for single release, being at a quicker tempo than the original.
"Love's on Every Corner" is a pop–dance song written by Danny Poku, Cathy Dennis and Paul Taylor for Dannii Minogue's second album Get into You.
In the U.S., it was certified Gold on 10 September 1975 by the RIAA.
It was released on their 1982 album Creatures of the Night.
"It's the Real Thing" is a 1989 song by American R&B singer Angela Winbush.
The song was released on October 31, 1995, nearly five months after the album release.
It was digitally released in the UK on 10 July 2006, with its physical release on 17 July 2006.
It was her third consecutive top ten hit in the UK and US reaching No.4 and No.7 respectively.
The song was certified Gold by the RIAA on December 18, 1990, and has also sold over 2 million downloads in the digital era.
In Hollywood, Louis Armstrong and Ella Fitzgerald recorded their version of the song in the summer of 1957.
The song was also released without vocals by Davie Allan and the Arrows.
"Can't Get You Out of My Head" reportedly reached number one in 40 countries across the globe.
The song was bassist Colin Moulding's first A-side composition for the group.
The song remained in the top forty for fourteen weeks, and became the third-biggest-selling single of 2000 in Britain.
It was the second version that became most popular.
It is the second Depeche Mode single with Martin Gore on lead vocals, after "Somebody," and the first to be released in its own right.
Porter and Theresa Sokyrka each performed it on the show, and runner-up Sokyrka also recorded a studio version in case she won.
"I Don't Care" is a pop song written by David Frank, Steve Kipner and Pamela Sheyne.
The music was written by Harold Arlen, with the lyrics by Johnny Mercer.
Birthday Eve is a limited edition single by Japanese R&B-turned-pop artist Kumi Koda.
On 1 December, the single was made available via the band’s website, with a limited edition of 1,000 vinyl copies, and on CD.
It was released in July 1990 as the lead single from the album, Bonafide.
Jewel was also nominated for Grammy Award for Best Female Pop Vocal Performance for this song.
Released in March 1981, it was Bucks Fizz's debut single, the group having been formed just two months earlier.
The song's music video marked the directorial debut of the band's lead singer, Ricky Wilson and was co-directed by prolific video director Scott Lyon.
They could not find a recording label willing to release it, so they recorded it at Bark Studios, which O'Connor part-owned.
While every other Squeeze single was written by the team of Chris Difford and Glenn Tilbrook, this one was penned by Difford and keyboardist Jools Holland.
Rolling Stone placed "Walk Away Renée" at number 220 in the 500 Greatest Songs of All Time.
On the Billboard Hot 100 and Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs charts, the song reached number seven and one, respectively.
"Rough Day" was released physically on 22 January 2006, as the lead single from the album.
It was dropped from the album, but subsequently appeared as the B-side to "Diamond Dogs" in 1974.
"Principles of Lust" is a 1991 song created by musical project Enigma.
The lyrics compare the "message of love" with the returning boomerangs which the Australian Aborigines developed.
The song appeared first in 1995 on Mike Batt's album Arabesque.
"Feeling This" received critical acclaim and the song peaked to number two on Billboard's Modern Rock Tracks chart in late 2003.
The song's video was directed by Liz Friedlander.
It was written by her and producer Tim Armstrong for her third studio album Try This.
"This Is It" is a 1976 disco song written by Van McCoy and performed by Melba Moore for her fifth album of the same name.
The song was written by the band's lead singer Dolores O'Riordan, and reached No.
A version recorded live on August 26, 1974, at the Universal Amphitheatre in Los Angeles was included on his 1975 album An Evening with John Denver.
"Safe in New York City" is a song by rock group AC/DC, from their 2000 album Stiff Upper Lip.
Following conclusion of the vocal, the harmonica is reprised for the remaining seventy seconds, and concluding thirty bars of the tune, to the fade.
after dropping his drumstick at the 0:54 mark.
People described it as "America's hottest pop-culture turn-on since Olivia Newton-John suggested she wanted to get 'Physical'."
"Save Up All Your Tears" is a song written by Desmond Child and Diane Warren, and originally released by Welsh singer Bonnie Tyler.
"Feel U Up" was originally cut in 1981, but re-recorded in 1986 for the Camille album.
This song was commissioned from Lightfoot by the CBC for a special broadcast on January 1, 1967, to start Canada's Centennial year.
The single is one of the group's best known songs as well as a popular cultural example of a "teenage tragedy song".
The record remained on the chart for three months.
He thought that "Come Softly" might be too obvious and considered risqué, so he had it changed to "Come Softly to Me."
"Breakadawn" is a 1993 single by hip hop group De La Soul, released from their third album Buhloone Mindstate.
The original and the remixed version of the Madonna song differs in the usage of more classical instruments in the latter.
Valley Entertainment issued Miss Blues'es Child in 2007, which included Eli Cook's version.
It prominently features an Oriental riff played on guitar.
The single version can be found on the original soundtrack, while the original film version can be found on the follow-up soundtrack.
On VH1's 100 Greatest Songs of the 90s, "Jump Around" was featured at position 24.
"Punk Rock 101" is a song by American rock band Bowling for Soup.
Chavez settled out-of-court, the terms of which included a songwriting credit.
Armstrong's recording was inducted in the Grammy Hall of Fame in 1999.
"Un Monde parfait" is a 2005 song recorded by French young artist Ilona Mitrecey.
It is the opening track and second single from the band's second studio album, Loveless, released on Creation Records.
Due to its rarity, this video has been much sought after by fans.
It also appeared on the film Zoom.
"Even It Up" is a song recorded by the rock band Heart.
The song was originally recorded with Canadian singer Avril Lavigne.
It was released as a single by RCA Records in October 1985, and was featured on both Eurythmics' Be Yourself Tonight and Franklin's Who's Zoomin' Who?
The song was a tongue-in-cheek rock song released with an eye on the lucrative UK Christmas singles market, but failed to chart.
It has been recorded by many other artists since, becoming a standard.
The song features in the movie Road Trip.
"Atarashii Hibi" is the 13th single released by Japanese pop duo Puffy AmiYumi.
"I Cried for You" is a song by Georgian-born singer Katie Melua, and was the second single from her second album, Piece by Piece.
The single also hit the U.S. Top 40 peaking at No.
It features Trina as the song's guest rapper.
This was reflected in the music video produced to promote the song, which depicted LaBelle and McDonald performing the song simultaneously on different coasts.
"Honey, I'm Home" is a song co-written and recorded by Canadian country music artist Shania Twain.
It is parody of "Under the Bridge" and "Give It Away", both by the Red Hot Chili Peppers and features the same funk rock musical style.
1 on the Swedish Singles Chart and was certified platinum by IFPI Sweden.
"Everybody's Gone to War" is a pop rock song written and recorded by the London-born and Jersey-raised singer-songwriter Nerina Pallot.
"While You See a Chance" is a song performed by Steve Winwood in 1980, written by Winwood and Will Jennings.
It was written by all four members of the band for their third studio album, X&Y.
"Can't Fight This Feeling" has appeared on dozens of 'various artists' compilation albums, as well as several REO Speedwagon greatest hits albums.
It actually first appeared on the band's American self-titled compilation, Heaven 17, which was released in 1982.
The song was also covered on the Bratz: Rock Angelz album as "Change the World" and by Christian pop artist Natalie Grant on her album Awaken.
One version was written for Butlins, where the lyrics were changed.
"Sunday Sunday" is a song by English alternative rock band Blur, featured on their second album, Modern Life Is Rubbish.
That album was full of much more alternative material, to which Shaw felt she was more suited at the time.
It was also the fourth single released to AC radio and fifth to Oceania.
The song was released as a single in spring 1988.
It was released on 5 December 2005 as the second single from the album, reaching #33 in the UK.
It was released on February 25, 1994 as the album's lead single.
"Just Feel Better" was the second international single to be released from Santana's 2005 album All That I Am.
The TKO Remix of "Back in the Day" is featured as the single and on the soundtrack of The Wood, a 1999 motion picture.
"Stand Up for Love" is a song recorded by American girl group Destiny's Child for their first greatest hits album, #1's.
It peaked at number 36 on the UK Singles Chart.
"I'm Sprung" is the debut single by American singer T-Pain from his debut album Rappa Ternt Sanga.
It was a finalist for The Record of the Year prize, losing to "You Raise Me Up" by Westlife.
Produced by Ed Buller, the song became a breakout success for Lee.
The term is often associated with a sudden traumatic loss of consciousness caused by a physical blow.
The recording sessions of Post and hence "Hyperballad" were set in Compass Point Studios, The Bahamas, to save tax money.
"Stop Whispering" is a single from English alternative rock band Radiohead, released as the band's fourth single in 1993.
"Betcha'll Never Find" is the title of a top twenty R&B and dance single by Chantay Savage.
Linda Ronstadt recorded a hit cover of her own in 1975 that reached number 25 on the Hot 100 chart.
"City of Blinding Lights" is a song by Irish rock band U2.
It was written by lead singer Dexter Holland.
This was originally backed with another interview with Uncle Charlie, also taken from the album.
"You Don't Love Me" is a song by British indie rock band The Kooks and is featured on their debut album, Inside In/Inside Out.
This song was also featured in the ABC Family TV show Bunheads, season 1, episode 18 which aired on 25 Feb 2013.
The song was written by Costas Bigalis and was chosen for the Eurovision Greek National Final, along with "O.K."
Jackson, having recently divorced, stepped out of the project before the release, and Beser promoted the record on German TV show Arabella with an impersonator.
It was recorded with The Silver Bullet Band and released in May 1986 as the second single from their album Like a Rock.
The song was also later nominated for Best British Single at the 1994 Brit Awards.
"United States of Whatever" is a song by American musician Liam Lynch.
A 1971 duet version by singers Roberta Flack and Donny Hathaway peaked at number 30 on the Billboard R&B singles chart.
The song was the UK B-side to the band's worldwide hit single "Livin' Thing", issued in blue vinyl.
", written and produced by Duck Blackwell and Paddy Dalton.
"Des mots qui sonnent" entered the Quebec Airplay Chart on 25 November 1991 and peaked at number 10, spending seventeen weeks on chart in total.
Lyrically, the song often refers to a key and tends to vaguely describe emotional stability and isolation.
"Ring the Alarm" is a Hip Hop and R&B song with punk rock influences.
"It Wasn't God Who Made Honky Tonk Angels" is a 1952 country song written by J. D. "Jay" Miller, and originally recorded by Kitty Wells.
Another saxophonist, Bobby Keys, claimed he performed the solo at the instigation of pianist Glen D. Hardin, in his 2012 memoir Every Night's A Saturday Night.
The Sound of White was recorded in 2004 with producer John Porter.
With its Eastern-sounding, feedback-laden guitar solo and anti-war/pro-environmental lyrics, it "can justifiably be classified as the first psychedelic rock classic", according to music critic Richie Unterberger.
It is the title track from their third studio album, Human After All, and the third single from the album, released on 21 October 2005.
A live version of this song appears on the 1976 album Hard Rain, and was also released as a single with "Rita May" as the B-side.
It was serviced to mainstream radio in the United States on July 15, 2003.
Steve had been singing 'Gimme, gimme some loving' - you know, just yelling anything, so we decided to call it that.
Despite the lukewarm reception from music critics, it was a commercial success.
When it finally did, the record became a bigger hit than it had been in Canada, peaking at no.
The song peaked at number two on the Billboard country charts in early 2006, and number 49 on the Billboard Hot 100.
Lauper re-recorded it acoustically, and her official site later made it available free as a digital download.
This is in contrast to other types of writing systems, such as syllabaries and logographies.
The song became a huge hit for Houston, reaching the top 10 worldwide.
The poor performance of this single is believed to be the main reason why the release of her second album Woman was cancelled.
De La Rocha also refers to the last Aztecan Emperor Cuauhtémoc, who was tortured and eventually executed by the Spaniards.
The Butch Walker-produced track has been described as "darkly anthemic".
An instrumental titled "Jeff's Boogie" was used for the B-side.
The song is featured on the album Sympathetic Sounds of Detroit.
"We'll Be One" is a pop song performed by Nikki Webster at the 2000 Summer Olympic Game's Closing Ceremony.
"Try a Little Tenderness" is a song written by Jimmy Campbell, Reg Connelly and Harry M. Woods.
It was the main theme for Joel Schumacher's film, and first single from the soundtrack.
"If This Is Love" was then released as the first single from it.
It was her debut single from her debut album Can't Take Me Home.
The song is track twelve on the band's 1981 album Time and was the first song released as a single.
"Things Can Only Get Better" was remixed and became a bigger hit, spending four weeks at number one in January 1994.
"Victim of Love" also hit number one on the U.S.
It has been characterised as "Mercury's piano-led paean to a Moët-quaffing courtesan".
"Lebanese Blonde" is a 1997 single released by the Thievery Corporation and later added to their 2000 album The Mirror Conspiracy.
In 2010, the song was featured in an episode of The Office.
"Susan's House" is a song by American rock band Eels.
"The Grass Is Green" is a song recorded by Canadian singer Nelly Furtado for her second studio album, Folklore.
The song was originally recorded by June's sister, Anita Carter, on her Mercury Records album Folk Songs Old and New as "(Love's) Ring of Fire".
The song was performed live by Clarkson at numerous venues, including the Breakaway World Tour and the All I Ever Wanted Tour.
The single garnered good notices from the music press but, like his earlier singles, failed to break into the British charts.
The song peaked at 31 on the Billboard hot 100 and was certified gold by the RIAA on October 22, 1997 for sales of 500,000 copies.
"Baby Don't You Do It" is a 1964 single by American singer Marvin Gaye.
"Love In the Shadows" is the second single by American singer–songwriter E.G.
In the U.S., it reached number three on Modern Rock Tracks chart and number 66 on the Billboard Hot 100.
"Sidewalk Talk" is a song by American record producer John "Jellybean" Benitez from his first extended play, Wotupski!?!.
Parts of the video were edited before its release to the public on March 2, 2001.
It was featured in Need for Speed: Underground Rivals for PSP.
"Sheila Take a Bow" is a song by The Smiths.
After his death in 1970, Track Records released the song as a single in the UK using the title "Voodoo Chile".
"The Pleasure Principle" is a song by American singer-songwriter Janet Jackson, recorded for her third studio album, Control.
The song originally had a different chorus and was titled "Reason for Living".
The song was written by Zac Brown, Wyatt Durrette, Sonia Leigh, and John Pierce.
The record was banned from radio in Britain, and was played on-air only when echo was added to blur the lyrics.
The song reached number fifty-two on the UK Singles Chart, remaining on the chart for two weeks.
It also features Take 6 on background vocals.
This rhythm, putting the accent at the end of the word "tumbling" rather than at the beginning, produces a "musical equivalent of a tumble."
It was released as the band's seventh single, and the first from the Use Your Illusion albums, in June 1991.
It has a different chorus and the first verse repeated in place of the second.
"Harvester of Sorrow" is a song by the American heavy metal band Metallica.
"Let Him Run Wild" is a song written by Brian Wilson and Mike Love for the American rock band the Beach Boys.
The single was released on February 1, 2006, and came in one format.
In 2008, the song was featured on the Radiohead: The Best Of compilation album.
"Don't Dream It's Over" is a song by the Australian rock band Crowded House, recorded for their 1986 self-titled debut studio album.
The song was produced by The Matrix, whose other clients have included Britney Spears, Skye Sweetnam, Avril Lavigne, Hilary Duff and Busted.
"All Right Now" originally appeared on the album Fire and Water, which Free recorded on the Island Records label, formed by Chris Blackwell.
"I Love L.A." is a song about Los Angeles, California written and recorded by Randy Newman.
It was also a huge success in Ireland, the band's home country, where it reached #2.
"Pop That Thang" is a 1972 funk song released by The Isley Brothers on their T-Neck imprint.
The song was nominated for Single of the Year at the 2006 New Zealand Music Awards.
The single was released in September 1965.
Michael performed "Scream" on his 1996–97 HIStory World Tour.
However, initial sales were relatively poor, with the single only managing to reach #79 on the Billboard Hot 100.
"I Wanna Love You Forever" is the debut single by American recording artist Jessica Simpson.
Only promo copies of the single have been made.
"Union City Blue" is a song by the US rock band Blondie.
The song was an instant hit, quickly climbing to No.
"In My Dreams" was the Norwegian entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 2005, performed in English by Wig Wam.
The song spent 16 weeks atop the Billboard Hot 100 in the United States, becoming the longest running number one song on the chart.
"Ghost in This House" is a song written by Hugh Prestwood and recorded by American country music group Shenandoah.
VHS/DVD and the 1993 Beavis and Butt-head episode "Sign Here".
The song contains drawn out guitar riffs and soft piano playing, along with emotive and high vocals by Jon Bon Jovi.
Spears composed the music and she developed the lyrics with Artani.
The B-side, "So Lonely", later included on Hollies and Hear!
It was released as the first single from the band's 1978 album Dog & Butterfly.
The chorus of the song is interpolated from the Rick James song, "Give It to Me Baby".
It peaked at number one in the United Kingdom, becoming the group's ninth number-one single.
"Foxy Lady" is a song by the Jimi Hendrix Experience.
Written by frontman Chris Cornell, the song was released in 1994 as the third single from the band's fourth studio album Superunknown.
Its accolades include "Outstanding Music Video" and "Most Stylish Music Video" at the VH1 Fashion Awards.
The song is question was "Natch" by a session band called Midas Touch, featured on the library music LP Heavy Group Activity / Light Group Activity.
"The Long Goodbye" is a song written by Irish singer-songwriters Paul Brady and Ronan Keating for Brady's 2000 album Oh What a World.
"Remember the Time" is a single by American singer and songwriter Michael Jackson recorded at Record One Studios.
It was also performed by fictional punk rock outfit Hard Core Logo in Bruce McDonald's 1997 mockumentary, Hard Core Logo.
Alternative rock chart and number six on the UK Singles Chart.
The song was performed by Everclear lead singer Art Alexakis during his solo tour and was made the first single off Slow Motion Daydream.
I went to Graceland, I heard Al Green preach the gospel, I saw W. C. Handy's statue.
It was released in June 2006 as the lead single from their third album, Phobia.
Jackson's vocals on the record were considered by critics to be some of his best.
The song was at Svensktoppen for two weeks during the period 8 -15 April 1990, with a 7th and an 8th place as best result there.
The UK single B-side was a solo piano version of one of Numan's most popular songs, "Down in the Park".
A subsequent live version, released as a single in October 1975, eventually reached No.
Billboard ranked the record as the No.
"Strawberry Letter 23" is a 1971 song written and composed by Shuggie Otis from his album Freedom Flight.
It peaked at #9 in September 1999 on the Australian ARIA Singles Chart, although it was only #27 when it was originally released in 1996.
"All My Life" is an R&B, and soul song.
Lightfoot considers this song to be his finest work.
It was ranked number 93 on AFI's 100 Years...100 Songs list.
"Kaze ni Kienaide" is the fifth single by L'Arc-en-Ciel, released on July 8, 1996 it reached number 4 on the Oricon chart.
The single became the first release to be limited to 50,000 units, which would be done for all but three of the singles in the collection.
It peaked at number 21 on the RIANZ charts in New Zealand.
It appeared on their fourth album, Guilty Until Proven Insane, and was a top 10 single in Australia.
There is also a German version of I Got Erection.
It reached #1 on the UK singles chart for one week in September 1985.
The two guitar solos were ranked as the greatest guitar solos of all time by both Planet Rock listeners and WatchMojo.com.
It was released as a single on 16 June 2003, peaking at number 11 on the UK Singles Chart.
According to The Billboard Book of Number One Hits, the members of the group cried for days after learning that their song had hit number one.
"Strawberry Wine" is a song by the alternative rock band My Bloody Valentine.
The vocals came from Ulvaeus with Agnetha Fältskog and Anni-Frid Lyngstad.
The chorus is sung by Ruben and Jewell, and Snoop Dogg raps the line "Rollin' in my 6-4" and appears in some background vocals.
It was released on March 21, 2001 as the lead single from their third studio album Silver Side Up.
"Not Such an Innocent Girl" is a song by British singer-songwriter, Victoria Beckham.
As a prime example, he notes the syncopated rhythm to the melody on which King sings "tumbling down."
The song is a suite in the classical sense.
The video features Lady Sovereign appearing in Tetris-style blocks, and acting out certain lyrics of the song.
It was released as a single in April 1971 and reached number 1 on the Billboard Hot 100 and Adult Contemporary charts.
It is also their highest-charting single to date in the United Kingdom and Australia, peaking at number two and number 10 respectively.
The track was nominated for a Grammy Award for Best Male Pop Vocal Performance at the 44th Grammy Awards.
4 on the Billboard Hot 100, becoming Idol's first Top 10 hit in the USA.
The song was released as the album's second single in the United Kingdom on 7 February 2005 and it debuted at No.
Upon its release, "Ya Soshla S Uma" garnered generally favorable reviews from music critics.
His version scored number 1 on the Billboard Hot 100 in 1959.
An accompanying music video, directed by Hype Williams, shows Simpson dancing on a futuristic dance floor, along with her backup dancers.
Both the original release and indeed the re-issue had failed to chart until this point.
It did better on the Hot Rap Songs and Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs charts respectively.
Later on, in 2002, it was included in the Intergalactic Sonic 7″s greatest hits collection.
"At My Most Beautiful" is a song by the American alternative rock band R.E.M.
It was released as the second single from the album in Australia, on 29 April 1996, and in May 1996 in Europe.
Allegheny Moon is a popular song written by Al Hoffman and Dick Manning and published in 1956.
It utilizes an arrangement markedly similar to that of "Maggie May," one of Stewart's hits from the previous year.
"Do You Want to Dance" is a song written by American singer Bobby Freeman and recorded by him in 1958.
One more single from the album would continue the pattern, by not even breaking the threshold of the top 40.
"Feel Good Inc." is a song by British virtual band Gorillaz, featuring De La Soul.
"Don't Let Them" is the fourth and final single from Ashanti's third studio album, Concrete Rose.
"We Are the World" is a song and charity single originally recorded by the supergroup United Support of Artists for Africa in 1985.
The music is cold and intimidating, and the lyrics describe kidnappings and torture carried out by a secret police.
The lyrics "is all the world jails and churches", are perhaps influenced by the works of American novelist James Baldwin.
Internationally, "Another Sad Love Song" reached number fifteen in the United Kingdom, number twenty-three in the Netherlands, and number sixty in Germany.
"The Ballad of the Green Berets" is a patriotic song in the ballad style about the Green Berets, an elite special force in the U.S. Army.
Spears considered the song inspirational and one of her favorite songs to perform.
It was released in late May 2003 as the lead single from that album, reaching No.18 in the UK Singles Chart.
1 hit for two consecutive weeks in 1973.
It is an Irish folk-style ballad, and featured on The Pogues' 1988 album If I Should Fall from Grace with God.
It sold a total of 1,229,970 copies making it their second highest selling single and a number-two hit on the Oricon Charts.
English pop musician and folk singer Cat Stevens included a version on his 1971 album Teaser and the Firecat.
Hatch signed Bowie to the label based on two demos proffered by Bowie's manager Ralph Horton.
It was released in February 1976 and became her signature track and one of the most popular songs of the disco era.
"I Will Love You" is a song written by Shelby Flint and Barry DeVorzon.
"Beds Are Burning" was declared third behind the Easybeats' "Friday on My Mind" and Daddy Cool's "Eagle Rock".
"That Thing You Do" is a 1996 song that appears in the film That Thing You Do!
It was filmed in London whilst the band was touring the UK.
The song became the Cure's first American hit and reached number 40 on the Billboard charts in 1988.
Lyrically, "Your Disco Needs You" talks about the power of disco music.
It was produced by Jac Holzman and engineered by Bruce Botnick.
Although not released as part of the original listing of The Who Sell Out, the track appears on both the 1995 and 2009 reissues.
It was released as a Christian radio single in late 2006.
It charted in the top ten in more than fifteen countries including the United States, Argentina, Germany and New Zealand.
"Desecration Smile" is a song from the Red Hot Chili Peppers and was on their 2006 double album, Stadium Arcadium.
This was taken from watching neighborhood pimps, who would dance in the clubs, but were too "cool" to do the jerk like regular folks.
"Waiting for Susie" was co-written with longtime bassist Dan Vapid, he left the band before these recording sessions began.
Knock Three Times actually sold more than 100,000 records a day in New York City alone for ten straight days.
Healthy in Paranoid Times is the sixth studio album by Canadian alternative rock band Our Lady Peace, released on August 30, 2005 by Columbia Records.
It peaked at #12 on the Billboard Hot 100.
It reached number 63 on the Billboard Hot Country Singles & Tracks chart and number 4 on the UK Singles Chart.
"All Day and All of the Night" is a song by the English rock band The Kinks from 1964.
Another hook is the heavy, psychedelic tape echo applied to the word "play" in each chorus and at the end, fading into a drumroll.
The single was released internationally as a double A-side single with "Holler".
The song was composed by Per Gessle in under an hour, and was the final song the band recorded for the album.
The title refers to Bologna sausage, specifically the Oscar Mayer brand popular in the United States.
The single did not receive the same success that "Candy"; it failed to reach the Billboard Hot 100, and debuted at No.
"MakeDamnSure" was released to radio on March 14, 2006.
The band filmed a music video for the song that appeared frequently on MTV during the early 1980s.
The music video was live rehearsal performance from If You Want Blood Tour 1978-1979, along with "Walk All Over You" on the Family Jewels DVD compilation.
It was also the last single to be released from that album.
"Matsu wa" is the debut single by Aming released on July 21, 1982 in Japan.
It was co-written by the Spice Girls with Jonathan Buck and Eliot Kennedy, for their debut album Spice.
It was released on 22 August 2005.
Olu Dara provides the hook of the song by talking about his path and how Nas was born.
"Stakes Is High" is a single by De La Soul released in 1996 from their album Stakes Is High.
"Safe from Harm" is featured at the end of the Michael Mann-directed movie The Insider.
It was written by Aldo Nova, Billy Steinberg and Ralph McCarthy, and produced by Nova.
"I'm a Slave 4 U" is a song recorded by American singer Britney Spears for her third and eponymous studio album, Britney.
While the album primarily consists of cover songs, the track, along with the song lead single "Passive", were the only two original recordings.
McCartney recorded a French version of the song called "De Toi À Moi".
"Forgot About Dre" won Best Rap Performance by a Duo or Group at the 2001 Grammy Awards.
It was released as the album's first single in 1992 and reached number twenty-four on the Canadian singles chart.
is a song originally recorded by Canadian rock group Toronto but is best known for the 1985 release by the rock group Heart.
"No, It Isn't" is a song by American rock band +44, released on December 13, 2005 as their debut track.
The live performance was included on Furtado's first live album Loose: The Concert.
It was released in March 1994 as the second single from his album Not a Moment Too Soon.
"Temporary Secretary" is a song by Paul McCartney, featured on his 1980 album McCartney II.
In November 2001, the song was re-issued as a double A-side single with "Pilots" and reached number sixty-eight on the UK singles chart.
After eventually hearing it, Taylor suggested that it could be turned into a Queen song.
Harrison re-recorded the song in 1992 with former Eurythmic Dave Stewart, who used it to promote his Platinum Weird project in 2006.
Project member Miki Fujimoto, released as a single on March 12, 2002.
2 in the United Kingdom and No.
A limited edition, 7-inch, 45 rpm vinyl record, was released in Europe on January 30, 2006, and in North America on March 7, 2006.
Critical reception of the song was positive and it has been praised for its humorous lyrics.
According to Colin Newton, the band was not:
"Love Profusion" is a song by American singer and songwriter Madonna for her ninth studio album American Life.
The recording that led to the single was initiated when John Holt attended a sound system party, and heard U-Roy deejay.
3 on the Kent Music Report Albums Chart.
The lyrics are full of metaphors alluding to verbal fighting, for example, "unsheath the blade within the voice."
Will Young won the show and therefore released the song as his debut single.
87 in Canada  and only managed No.
"Wish I" is the third single released by Jem from her debut album Finally Woken.
The recording was released by RCA Victor as catalog number 47-6359.
According to a quotation from Peter Buck in R.E.M.
It was played for the first time in 1,446 days at Leroi Moore's final concert, on June 28, 2008 and has been played live 115 times.
It was co-written and co-produced by Keith Sweat, for whom Silk was a touring opening act.
The song is a pop ballad written by Barry, Robin and Maurice Gibb and recorded in Los Angeles in March 1996.
In addition, it peaked at number 45 on the Billboard Hot 100 chart, making it Lady Sovereign's first single to chart in the U.S.
1, as well as the lead single from Liberty X's second studio album Being Somebody.
The single peaked at #53 in the Swedish Singles Chart.
The song was nominated for Best Rap/Sung Collaboration at the 44th Grammy Awards in 2002, a brand new category at the time.
In America, it was still climbing the charts when "Karma Chameleon" was released as a single.
", also known as "(Is There) Life on Mars?
"Turn to Stone" is a 1977 song by Electric Light Orchestra.
"Something Got Me Started" is the first single released from Simply Red's album Stars.
It was also the first single to be certified platinum by the RIAA; ultimately it sold over 2.5 million copies.
"Anyone Can Play Guitar" peaked at #32 in the UK, and remained a staple of the band's live sets throughout the early-mid 1990s.
It was the first single by the band to go to number one on the Soul singles chart and the U.S.
It was released on January 10, 1994, by EastWest Records in the UK, and on May 5, 1994, by Atlantic Records in North America.
It was Billboard's number-six song of the year for 1983.
According to band members, the lyrics were about a soldier or sailor on his last day with his girlfriend before shipping out, ostensibly to war.
It became one of the best-selling singles of all-time, eventually selling more than 30 million copies.
It was the first single since "A View to a Kill" in 1985 to feature all five of the original members of the band.
The single reached #15 in sales and #2 in airplay in Billboard's charts.
52 on Triple J's Hottest 100 for 2003.
"U + Ur Hand" is a song by American singer and songwriter Pink.
The single peaked at number six in the UK Singles Chart in June 1998.
Yankovic sent "My Bologna" to Dr. Demento, who aired the song on his nationwide radio program, The Dr. Demento Show.
The song was used in the opening sequence of Donnie Darko: The Director's Cut.
The tune is heavily based on sampling "I Can't Go for That" by Hall & Oates.
It portrays Jackson filming a DVD for her boyfriend in a futuristic apartment setting, displaying her multiple personae.
This song was a 2002 inductee into the Grammy Hall of Fame.
The song itself was also the fourth and final single from that album, released on 25 February 2002.
The chorus also interpolates Q-Tip's vocals from "Got 'Til It's Gone" with Janet Jackson and "Find a Way" with his group A Tribe Called Quest.
"All Downhill from Here" was released to radio on April 6, 2004.
"Morning Has Broken" is a popular and well-known Christian hymn first published in 1931.
is a song by American rap group Naughty by Nature.
The song has been performed several times on television including the remix with Avant.
It has gone on to become one of the band's most popular and well-known songs.
Bowie later re-worked the song into the disco-influenced "John, I'm Only Dancing," recorded in 1974 but unreleased until 1979.
The song was certified Gold by the RIAA, signifying sales of one million copies in the US.
The song was also featured on the 16 October 2008 broadcast of the ABC series Life On Mars.
It was first released commercially by Billy Joel, under the title "To Make You Feel My Love", before Dylan's version appeared later that same year.
The players were by no means all willing to get involved.
"Don't U Eva" was the first single from Australian artist Sarah Blasko's debut album The Overture & the Underscore.
"We Have All the Time in the World" is a James Bond theme and popular song sung by Louis Armstrong.
An interlude that depends more on Watts' interpretation than the psalm text, stanza 3 speaks of Christ's blessings extending victoriously over the realm of sin.
The song is included in the PlayStation karaoke game SingStar Anthems.
It was later re-recorded in July 1995 with members of Per Gessle's former band Gyllene Tider.
"Leave Me Alone" is a song by American artist Michael Jackson from his seventh studio album, Bad.
The song contains a combination of braggadocios and introspective lyrics over a choppy string sample.
"I'm Too Sexy" is the debut song by British group Right Said Fred.
Lead vocalist Zack de la Rocha wrote the song after a visit to Chiapas in southern Mexico.
Stacey Koon, one of the 4 LAPD policemen videotaped beating black motorist Rodney King in 1991.
Lyrically, Anghel addresses a lover, telling him that "I don't want to say goodbye", implying throughout the lyrics that their relationship is coming to an end.
It was the second single to be released by the band, following "Date Rape".
The song has an unusually mellow and "dreamy" feel.
Brian Wilson remembers that "One day, my brother Dennis came home from the beach and said, 'Hey, surfing's getting really big.
"Running Back to You" is the lead single from American singer Vanessa Williams' second studio album, The Comfort Zone.
It was the first single following the release of their debut album Dreamboat Annie, released in 1976.
In time, this song among other legendary duets by the two soul icons would become the landmark for R&B duets to this day.
It sold a total of 235,010 copies, and reached number three on the Oricon Charts.
The song was released as the lead single from the band's second studio album Demon Days on 9 May 2005.
"Life Got Cold" was promoted through various live performances and has since been performed on three of Girls Aloud's concert tours.
"You Have Placed a Chill in My Heart" is a song recorded by British pop duo Eurythmics.
Written and produced by Motown's main production team Holland–Dozier–Holland, the song is one of the most well-known Motown tunes of the 1960s.
The label eventually changed their minds, and the single went on to peak at number three on the Swedish Singles Chart.
The song appeared on the video games NHL 2004 and Backyard Wrestling: Don't Try This at Home.
"You Can’t Put Your Arms Around a Memory" is a song released in 1978 by ex-New York Dolls member Johnny Thunders.
The track was instead chosen as the theme song for the 1998 Warner Bros. film Practical Magic and is only available on the film's soundtrack album.
This song featured the talents of Matt Finders.
The song is Mumba's biggest hit, as well as her signature song.
"Grandma Got Run Over by a Reindeer" is a novelty Christmas song.
The song first appeared on Sheriff's self-titled debut album, released in 1982.
"Hide and Seek" is a 2005 song written, produced, and performed by Imogen Heap.
The single was released just as the band finished their extensive touring in 1995.
The song was released as their second single from their second major-label release Undertow.
"S-E-X-X-Y" is a single released in 1996 by musical group They Might Be Giants, alongside their sixth album, Factory Showroom.
It was released as the lead single for the album.
The cover features a shot from the film Halloween III: Season of the Witch.
"The Harvest Of Love" is a short comedy song, co-written and originally performed by Benny Hill, released on Pye Records.
"A Hard Day's Night" is a song by the English rock band the Beatles.
Bowie later used it for his song "The Supermen" in 1970, and revived it 25 years later for "Dead Man Walking".
"Just a Ride" is the second single released by Jem from her debut album Finally Woken.
Billy J. Kramer with The Dakotas released their recording of the song in 1963 and it became their first number 1 in the UK Singles Chart.
It was written by the singer along with Alicia Keys, Taniesha Smith, and Kerry "Krucial" Brothers for her debut album, The Way It Is.
It was released in the United Kingdom in 1992 on Epic Records.
It is sometimes erroneously thought that "Classical Gas" was performed, or even composed, by Eric Clapton.
The band created a music video for the track.
It received criticism from various news publications and other recording artists, and it was banned on Thai television due to its sexual content.
The song was nominated for the People's Choice Award at The 2004 Music Vision Awards.
"Everything Counts" is a 1983 single by the electronic band Depeche Mode from the album Construction Time Again.
2 album, as well as their best-selling album, Gold: Greatest Hits.
The song was included on the setlists of Aguilera's three major concert tours: Justified and Stripped Tour, The Stripped Tour and Back to Basics Tour.
The song went double platinum and the No.
signed its then record-breaking five-album contract with Warner Bros. Records.
The lyrics are inspired by Bollywood films and reflects the group desire to "write a song for the world".
It appeared on It's a Frenchy Ska Reggae Party Vol.
Carey's then-husband Tommy Mottola makes a cameo appearance as Santa Claus, bringing Carey a gift and leaving on a red sleigh.
The song has the narrator sing of her lover and how much he loves and needs her.
UK Catalogue Number: Tent FIVE1 / Tent 655641
It was later used as the basis for a remix by the British group DNA in 1990.
"Thrills in the Night" is a song by the American hard rock band Kiss.
It was written by Jentina and Cathy Dennis with an electro-hop/R&B vibe.
"In My Room" is a song written by Brian Wilson and Gary Usher for the American rock band The Beach Boys.
The single, released in 2003, peaked on the UK Singles Chart at number 34.
"Fix You" was critically acclaimed by music critics.
"Thousand" has the Guinness world record for the fastest tempo in beats-per-minute of any released single, although some Extratone songs have surpassed this mark.
It was released as a single in October 1984 by Self Immolation.
"Je ne vous oublie pas" was nominated for a 2006 Félix Award in Best Song of the Year category.
The single, produced by John "J-Praize" Freeman, reached number 13 on the US Billboard Hot 100.
The title track featured two videos, one in rotation in the UK and the other in America
"The Drowners" is the debut single by Suede, released on 11 May 1992 on Nude Records.
The song was performed in the film by Samuel E. Wright.
The single was released by BNE in August 2004.
This video was released in August 1992 and features actors practicing the Romeo and Juliet play.
After releasing the promotional film, Cher began making music videos.
Only 1500 CDs and 1500 vinyl copies were made available, meaning the single is now rare and increasingly sought after by fans of the band.
Paul Whiteman had the first hit recording of the song on the record charts in 1934.
Billboard Hot 100, and was the final single released from the album.
"Je t'adore" was the Belgian entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 2006, performed in English by Kate Ryan.
The first one is entirely in black-and-white.
"Unwell" is a song by American alternative rock group Matchbox Twenty.
The central motif is 'Without you, I cannot be..., With you, I am alone also...'
Released as a single the following year, it reached #55 on the Billboard Hot 100 in 1970.
"Highway to Hell" is the opening track of AC/DC's 1979 album Highway to Hell.
In the United States, the song peaked at number 45 on the Billboard Hot 100 and at number 7 on the Billboard Modern Rock Tracks chart.
The song was featured in a 1989 episode of Miami Vice, an episode of Beavis and Butt-head, as well as an episode of Doogie Howser, M.D.
The single was the group's final release before being dropped by their record label.
The song was written and produced by Nate Hills, Tim Mosley, and Timberlake himself.
The concept for "We're a Winner" came to Curtis Mayfield one night in a dream; the musician quickly woke himself and ran with his inspiration.
"Miss You Much" is a song recorded by American singer Janet Jackson, released as the lead single from her fourth album Janet Jackson's Rhythm Nation 1814.
"State of Shock" is a 1984 hit single by The Jacksons featuring frontman Michael Jackson and Mick Jagger.
This version reached number 25 on the UK Singles Chart.
"I Could Be an Angle" is the second single from British psychobilly band The Eighties Matchbox B-Line Disaster's second album The Royal Society.
Additional influences include ethics, encircling, authority, rapport, hypnosis, persuasion and coercion.
"Harder to Breathe" also appeared in the Netherlands, Sweden, Australia, and New Zealand charts, respectively.
The first CD contains the music video for "Jump on Demand".
It's the first single of the band not to reach the top 20 since 1995's "New Generation".
A remix reached number 32 in the UK Chart in August 1996.
It was released in June 1980 on Bad Brain Records.
Upon its release, "Dear Jessie" received mixed reviews from critics, who complained about the overdone fantasy imagery of the song, but complimented its composition.
"Don't Dream It's Over" was ranked second on the New Zealand list and seventh on the Australian list.
Lyrically, the songs refers to having a good time at a party.
"9 to 5" also had three videos, one for the original and another two for "The Ordinary Boys Remix".
Whilst the original plan had been to teach original vocalist, Hamilton, the Czech lyrics it was thought to be easier to recruit someone else.
At the end of the episode, Lifeson and Bubbles play the song together.
Hurley never promoted the track as he was "under pressure" to complete the Hold on to Your Dream album.
Since its live debut on February 26, 1983, in Dundee, "40" has been a staple of U2's live concerts, having been performed almost 400 times.
It was released in July 1995 as the third single from their breakthrough album, Cracked Rear View.
"Winning Arrow" is a song by New Zealand recording artist, Bic Runga.
It was taken from her fifth solo album, Private Dancer and became Turner's most successful single.
"No Me Ames" is a Latin pop duet recorded by American singers Jennifer Lopez and Marc Anthony for Lopez's debut studio album, On the 6.
Noel Gallagher of Oasis received a writing credit due to similarities with Oasis' "Wonderwall".
It was certified Gold by RIANZ in June 2006.
A cover version was released as a promo single in France by Babylon Zoo in 1999 and was included on their album King Kong Groover.
In the second verse, she leaves home, but does not reach her destination.
It was the fifth release from their number one selling LP Silk & Steel, and reached no.9 in the UK singles chart.
At the 1998 Brit Awards, "Tubthumping" was nominated for the Brit Award for Best British Single.
It appears on their album Ultra Violet and was released as its second and final single.
This was the only song En Vogue produced for market featuring Maxine Jones and Cindy Herron sharing lead vocals.
It ends on a cliffhanger, which leads to the video for the album's second single, "Knock Knock".
A special "disco version" was played and recorded on March 3rd, 1979 and released on their live album Live at the Deaf Club
It was their first big international hit, reaching number two in the UK and becoming their first US hit.
"Baby I Need Your Loving" is a 1964 hit single recorded by the Four Tops for the Motown label.
"Champione" is the 14th single from the Japanese band Orange Range.
"I Choose" is a punk rock song by The Offspring.
There is also the Russian counterpart entitled "Nas Ne Dogonyat".
The title is said to be inspired by Patrick Süskind's Perfume, a favourite novel of Till Lindemann's, the singer of the band.
The song more closely resembled their earlier releases, not possessing the slower beat of "Turn Back Time" or the anthemic, orchestral features of "Cartoon Heroes".
This release was prior to Lauper's solo career; however, Lauper re-recorded the track and released it as a single in 1994.
It also sold well in Canada where it reached No.
It is from their debut album L.D.
It was released as the lead single from their second studio album, Floodland, in September 1987.
It was released as a promotional CD single only to triple-A radio as the album's fourth single on February 6, 2006.
"We never dreamed it would go this far".
A live performance was included in the 2014 CD/DVD release, Whitney Houston Live: Her Greatest Performances.
Staples' version of the song from her 2015 album Your Good Fortune won the 2016 Grammy Award for Best American Roots Performance.
It was released in as the only single from their compilation album, Singles.
In 1977, Chicago White Sox organist Nancy Faust began playing the song when White Sox sluggers knocked out the opposing pitcher.
It was written by Cochran and his manager Jerry Capehart.
"One Armed Scissor" is a song by At the Drive-In.
"Slip On Through" is a song written by Dennis Wilson for the American rock band The Beach Boys.
The title and theme were mainly inspired by the butterfly effect of chaos theory.
The song is featured in the film Run Fatboy Run.
It is ranked as the seventh biggest U.S. hit of 1969, and the 65th in Canada.
"Walking with a Ghost" was also the subject of a popular mashup when Party Ben combined Tegan and Sara's version with Mylo's track "Paris Four Hundred".
It was first recorded by Preston and made popular by Joe Cocker.
It was the first song released as a single from the LP.
The song was co-written by band members Torben Lendager and Poul Dehnhardt.
"We Are Family" is a song by the American vocal group Sister Sledge.
The song got very strong airplay on MTV Rocks and Kerrang!.
"Roll It Gal" is a song written by Shontelle Layne and Sheldon Benjamin, containing a sample of Benjamin's "Big Love".
"Blacken My Thumb" is a single by New Zealand rock band The Datsuns in 2004.
It became the band's fifth consecutive UK number one single and spent 12 weeks on charts.
The song deals with the sudden popularity of prescribed calming drugs among housewives, and the potential hazards of overdose or addiction.
"Genie in a Bottle" has been widely recognized as one of Aguilera's signature songs, and was credited with establishing her name in the music industry.
Greg Stainsby, Alice Green and Mark Jennings are currently also in The Currency.
The single was released to radio in February 1993.
In 1997, a live version by Dave Edmunds was released on his compilation album Rockin' .
Official remixes for the song were released, featuring Missy Elliott, Teddy Riley and Timbaland.
It was released in March 1995 as the second single from their album, Sweet Dreams.
For the similarly titled song by One Direction, see Four
"How You Remind Me" was also rated the number one rock song and number 4 alternative song of the decade of the 2000s by Billboard.
It was released in 1978 as the only single from their third studio album Cruisin'.
Dion filmed her first real French-language music video for this single in 1986.
"Ooh It's Kinda Crazy" is a song by Canadian music group soulDecision.
It was premiered in a ceremony in Milan dedicated to the Italian debut of Coolio.
The song is present throughout all the Walt Disney parks and resorts and the Disney Cruise Line.
According to a Jackson biographer, "Mama's Pearl" was originally called "Guess Who's Making Whoopie".
In the end, Lōc concludes the concoction is simply not worth the trouble.
The release peaked at #49 in the UK official singles chart.
"Material Girl" has been covered by a number of artists, including Britney Spears, The Chipettes and Hilary and Haylie Duff.
The Roy Orbison version was based on the 1957 Jerry Lee Lewis recording.
Elegiac and mournful, it describes a superstar's tragic fall from grace.
After its third week at number one, the single was knocked off by Mariah Carey's "Thank God I Found You" featuring Joe and 98 Degrees.
A music video directed by David Meyers was also released; it had a cameo featuring Destiny's Child.
It is ranked by Billboard as the sixth most successful song of the decade 1990–1999.
"Crawling up a Hill" is a song written by John Mayall, and recorded by John Mayall & the Bluesbreakers.
The title of the track is a play on the title of the movie Faster, Pussycat!
"Mulder and Scully" was released as the second single from the band's album International Velvet.
The song peaked at number 22 on the Hot 100 Airplay chart.
"We Got Love" is a song written by Bernie Lowe and Kal Mann.
"Honey to the Bee" is a song from Billie Piper released in 1999.
The single is a different recording than the LP version and omits most of the drum solo.
"Conceived" is the first single released by Beth Orton from her album Comfort of Strangers.
"Scandalous" is the eighth track on Prince's soundtrack album Batman and was released as the album's fourth single, five months after the album was released.
"Fight Music" is also included on the greatest hits disc of Shady Records' 15th anniversary compilation, Shady XV, which was released on November 24, 2014.
It was released in Australia on 24 November 2003 as the lead single from his debut album Just as I Am.
This was the second and last single to feature radio jingles on the CD.
The song is a plea from someone who has been fighting with his lover, but is apologizing and asking for another chance to "be good."
"We Run This" was nominated for a 2007 Grammy Award for Best Rap Solo Performance.
It has been covered by American Idol contestant Gina Glocksen and used in the video game Rock Band.
It peaked at #12 on the Billboard Hot 100, becoming their first top twenty single, and later was nominated for a Grammy Award in 1996.
The song's second chorus begins with Stevie taking the vocals up an octave with two vocal overdubs singing the same line.
There are three versions of the original version of the song: 14:35, 6:30, and 4:55.
A more energetic version of the song was recorded in late 1971 for The Rise and Fall of Ziggy Stardust and the Spiders from Mars.
The single eventually reached top 5 in Australia and Canada, and top 20 in the United States.
ROCK IT DOWN is the first single by Japanese music group move, released on October 1, 1997.
Lyrically, the track talks about how free and empowering saying good-bye or ending a relationship can feel.
It spent 8 weeks on the UK charts and 6 weeks on the US charts.
"Harvest for the World" is a 1976 single released by American musical group The Isley Brothers on their T-Neck imprint.
by Chicago-based pop punk band Screeching Weasel.
Jackson wrote English lyrics to the song and also performed it in the festival.
The song spawned a music video which received moderate rotation on MTV.
According to figures compiled by GfK Chart-Track Jumbo Breakfast Roll came in at number 11 on the list of top selling songs of the decade.
The single was later nominated in the category for "Best Love Song" at the 2004 Teen Choice Awards.
"Sister Christian" is a power ballad by the American hard rock band Night Ranger.
Billboard ranked the record as the No.
"Ein Lama in Yokohama" is a 2005 song released by animated German crocodile, Schnappi.
Touch re-released the entire track as a CD single in 1997.
It was released on 21 November 2005 as the fifth and final single from his fourth studio album Be Here.
It was re-released with overdubbed "live" effects in September 1969 as an A-side single and reached number 60 on the Billboard Pop chart.
"Un amour pour moi" is the third single from Celine Dion's album Mélanie.
It was originally released as a 7" single that was limited and numbered to 500 copies, with three different hand-screened sleeves.
It was introduced in the film One Minute to Zero.
"Englishman in New York" was also a Top 20 hit in Ireland.
"He's Got Tact" has finally been released on CD.
Young attempted to "trick" Stephen Colbert into playing the song on his August 17, 2006, appearance on The Colbert Report.
"Startin'" is used as the opening theme of video game Shin Onimusha: Dawn of Dreamsunderstood album, is the game's ending theme).
"Little 15" is a Depeche Mode single, released on 16 May 1988, and the fourth single from the album Music for the Masses.
Lead vocalist Simon Le Bon later sang the song with Luciano Pavarotti, to help children affected by war in Bosnia and Herzegovina.
White recorded it in Chicago on May 8, 1940, for record producer Lester Melrose.
The single had two versions, that both came out on the same day.
"Stereo World" is a song by Feeder, released as the group's first single in 1996.
The single was officially released as "American Woman/No Sugar Tonight" and peaked at #1 on the RPM magazine charts and #1 on the Billboard Hot 100.
The release was limited to 1,966 and only available on BSP's November 2005 tour or through their official website.
"Old Brown Shoe" is a song by the English rock band the Beatles.
"Stickwitu" is a hip hop soul and R&B ballad which celebrates forever love.
"Hell on Wheels" initially received mixed reviews from critics, but in 1999 Randy Cordova from The Arizona Republic praised the song, calling it a "roller-disco anthem".
The single peaked at number 30 in France and number 35 in Switzerland.
It’s a metaphor - like a poem.
It is strongly associated with the "Electric Slide" line dance.
The song was a hit, peaking at #20 on the Billboard Hot 100.
It was not released as a single in the United States.
11 netting them their biggest UK hit in several years.
The Fake Sound of Progress is the debut studio album by the Welsh rock band Lostprophets, originally released on 27 November 2000 through Visible Noise.
It was the last studio recording made by the group before Ian Hunter left and the group reformed as simply "Mott."
After the slap, Fleming's character replied, "Big girls don't cry."
"We're Going to Ibiza" is a song by Dutch Eurodance group the Vengaboys.
Also, an English version was also recorded for the Thalía album, entitled "Closer to You".
Critics praised the song and the remix calling them "saucy" and commenting on their house and pop flavors.
Records, which was run by longtime Turbo-photographer Morten Anderson.
David agreed by replying, "My success would have been so special to him as he was my greatest influence.
They brought in a local choir to sing the chorus at the end.
"My Red Hot Car" is a single by Squarepusher, released in 2001 on Warp Records.
This recording was released by Columbia Records as catalog number 39663, with the flip side "Doll with a Sawdust Heart."
There were two promo singles released to radio stations for this single.
The song also became a major country hit by Bill Anderson in 1969.
It’s like Van Morrison – with some of his old songs it didn’t matter what the lyrics meant, it’s how they sounded."
The song enjoyed mainstream success as well as remixes by popular artists.
Damon Albarn would later collaborate with members of De La Soul for the Gorillaz singles "Feel Good Inc." and "Superfast Jellyfish".
The release of Who Are You in 1978 was overshadowed by the death of Moon shortly after.
It has also been classified as a Country music standard.
The band's debut single "Planet Earth" had been a Top 20 hit, so it was regarded as a major setback when "Careless Memories" stalled at No.
This is why we don't like the internet."
It was also nominated for the 30th Golden Globe Awards in the Best Original Song category.
In 2006, the song was recorded and released by British singer Leona Lewis, the winner of the third series of The X Factor.
The song, while sung mostly by Michael featured cameo spots from brothers Jermaine and Jackie.
The song leaked ahead of its scheduled release, causing Jackson's record company to rush with a music video and promotion.
"Comme un cœur froid" is the fourth single from Celine Dion's album Incognito, released in February 1988 in Quebec, Canada.
The song was originally performed by Split Enz for their seventh album Conflicting Emotions.
The song earned Pink a nomination for Best Female Pop Vocal Performance at the 2007 Grammy Awards.
"My Name Is Mud" is a song by the American rock band Primus and is the first single from the 1993 album Pork Soda.
12 in the UK Singles Charts as well as gaining a much better reception than the band's previous single, "Flight of Icarus".
He claimed to have used the out-of-copyright "Oh Happy Day", a Christian hymn, as his inspiration for the song's melody.
It was Michael's sixth UK number one, although only the third as an entirely solo performer.
"Here Comes the Judge" is a song and single by American soul and comedy singer Pigmeat Markham first released in 1968 on the Chess label.
A version of this song, with slightly altered lyrics, was used to promote the Pizza Hut restaurants in Australia during the 1970s.
It is also included on Now 56 in the UK.
It was released as the second single from their eighth studio album Cowboy.
Artists who produced their own interpretations include Louis Armstrong, Bill Haley, Herb Alpert, Brave Combo, Hugh Masekela and Kermit Ruffins.
The song was covered by Prince on his 1999 album, Rave Un2 the Joy Fantastic.
"The Times They Are a-Changin'" is a song written by Bob Dylan and released as the title track of his 1964 album of the same name.
The song also appears on Smith's 1999 album, Willennium.
It was produced by Gustavo Santaolalla with Anibal Kerpel's collaboration.
It is included on Now 52 in the UK.
The music video showed Branch and Carlos Santana singing onstage of a party, with Jessica Harp singing background.
The B-side to the single was "Bring the Funk", also taken from Diamonds on the Inside.
This would continue to be the case following her signing to Atlantic.
The initial release peaked at #76, and the re-release at #40 in the UK official singles chart.
It was released in February 1978 by independent London record label Beggars Banquet.
The song is listed at number 64 on Billboard's Top 100 songs for the 55th Anniversary of the Hot 100 chart.
1, and the group's most successful single.
It reached number 11 in the Billboard charts.
The song ends with several lyrics in German, most famously the line "Ich heiße Super Fantastisch!
"Don't Download This Song" is the first single from "Weird Al" Yankovic's 12th studio album Straight Outta Lynwood.
It was originally a minor hit for Marilyn McCoo and Billy Davis Jr. in 1978 on their album Marilyn & Billy.
"Chelsea Dagger" is a song by Scottish rock band The Fratellis.
It became her highest debut single and reclaimed the title of Highest Debut Sales Female Artists, previously held by Ayumi Hamasaki's Blue Bird.
It was written by band members will.i.am, Fergie, George Pajon, Jr. and Printz Board; will.i.am also produced and engineered the song.
It is the third official single released on August 4, 2010 from his album Daddy Yankee Mundial.
Written by Per Gessle, the song was predominantly recorded by members of Gyllene Tider—Gessle's former band.
The song was nominated at the 1997 Grammys for the Best Rap Performance by a Duo or Group.
Cheap Trick went as far as to mostly re-record that album in 1998.
It was released as a DVD single in the United States on November 21, 2000 and in Canada on February 6, 2001.
It was written by George Harrison during the Beatles' stay in Rishikesh, India, and given to Lomax to help launch Apple Records.
That was definitely a turning point for us.
In the U.S., it reached #3 on the Billboard Hot 100.
A month after its release, her label Avex Trax released the song as a recut single due to popular demand.
It also charted in Ireland, peaking at number 17.
Side B reads: "Ghosts in the background."
"Church of Your Heart" was the fifth and final single taken from Swedish pop duo Roxette's third studio album, Joyride.
The maxi single contains extended lyrics that continue the theme before diverging into more dance-oriented material.
The song was written in 1947 by eden ahbez and is partly autobiographical.
The song was written and produced by R. Kelly.
as of it was added in Do It Now!
It did however, receive enough radio airplay to become an album favorite.
He has frequently played it live since 1995.
It also features guest vocals from Paul McCoy of the band 12 Stones.
"Old Cape Cod" is a song, written by Claire Rothrock, Milton Yakus, and Allan Jeffrey, and published in 1957.
It was also a success in North America, entering the Top 40 in both the United States and Canada.
It was written by group members Annie Lennox and David A. Stewart and produced by Stewart.
It was released in 1985 in Quebec, Canada.
"Friends Will Be Friends" is a song performed by Queen and written by Freddie Mercury and John Deacon, included on the album A Kind of Magic.
The title of this song re-appeared as the title of the 1998 New Power Generation album, Newpower Soul.
"Black and White" is a single by the industrial metal band Static-X.
The song popularised the name "Kayleigh" in the UK.
It was also featured in Formula One's video for the 2009 Italian Grand Prix.
But that look of love isn't on my face.
The latter has been also performed by Dion and Josh Groban.
It was released on May 31, 1994 through Columbia Records, as the fifth and final single from the album.
"Do the Strand" is the first song from English rock band Roxy Music's second album, For Your Pleasure.
Despite being credited solely to Page, Beck claims that he made significant contributions to the composition.
It was very successful all around the world, peaking at number one in Germany, Australia and on the U.S. Modern Rock Tracks chart.
In Europe, the song peaked within the top thirty on several different charts across the continent, including high positions in Finland, Norway, Belgium and France.
The single was released on April 12, 1985 in a 7" format in Japan and later on August 8, 1985 in the United States.
After the success of "All I Have" with LL Cool J, the track was included on the re-issue of his album 10.
The single went on to sell 35,343 copies total.
The title of the song comes from John Dos Passos's novel The Big Money, part of his U.S.A. trilogy.
"If You Go Away" is an adaptation of the 1959 Jacques Brel song "Ne me quitte pas" with English lyrics by Rod McKuen.
Atlanta's economy is considered diverse, with dominant sectors that include logistics, professional and business services, media operations, and information technology.
MAX, whose name is an acronym for "Musical Active eXperience", is a Japanese female vocal group.
The female vocals on the song were performed by Chaka Khan, who also appeared in the promotional music video.
It is heavily based on the Rondo movement of Sonatina in G major, op.
In 1999, MTV ranked the video itself at #20 for The 100 Greatest Music Videos Ever Made.
Critically, the song was met with positive reception, with most critics commending its catchiness and loveliness, also calling it the pop ballad of the year.
"This Is My Song" is a song written by Charlie Chaplin in 1966, and performed by Petula Clark.
"Love Will Tear Us Apart" appears on the Substance compilation album.
"We Shall Overcome" is a gospel song which became a protest song and a key anthem of the Civil Rights Movement.
"Old Siam, Sir" was also the B-side of the US single "Arrow Through Me".
It eventually turned up on the Extended CD re-issue of "The Hoople" in 2006.
It was composed by Enya and Roma Ryan for Peter Jackson's 2001 film The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring.
It was released as a single a week before the album.
1 for one week on the American Billboard Hot 100, No.
The video version features a combination of electronic beats and string instruments.
"Bag Lady" is the first single from singer Erykah Badu's 2000 album Mama's Gun.
When first released in 1967, the song reached number 19 on the UK Singles Chart and number 103 in the United States in 1967.
The song was written by band members Eddie Van Halen, Alex Van Halen, Michael Anthony and David Lee Roth, and produced by Ted Templeman.
In a 2006 interview with Pitchfork Media, Diggle revealed he had smoked 20 cigarettes to achieve the gruff sound of the vocals.
It was the second single in the U.K., released on September 4, 1989, and throughout Europe in September and October 1989.
Cody reports writing the lyrics in about five minutes after smoking marijuana and falling asleep under a tree for a couple of hours.
The song is about child sexual abuse, and was one of Lemmy's favourites.
"Des mots qui sonnent" is a song from the Dion chante Plamondon album by Celine Dion.
"Everytime You Go Away" is a song written and composed by Daryl Hall.
The song was both a critical and commercial success.
A remix was made of the song featuring R. Kelly and Ronald Isley.
Because of its chart longevity, it ended up being the number 19 song on the Top 100 singles of 1982.
"One Thing Leads to Another" is the group's most successful single.
The lyrics depict a man in a journey of self-discovery.
In addition, Mauricio "Shogun" Rua used this song as his entrance song for UFC 76 as well as Keith Jardine for UFC 89.
The recording of "Ode to Billie Joe" generated eight Grammy nominations, resulting in three wins for Gentry and one win for arranger Jimmie Haskell.
It was released in Australia and the United States in 2004 as the fourth single from the album.
This was also the last single that used the typeface "Cochin", the one used in the Hopes and Fears era.
The single entered the UK Singles Chart on 23 July 2006 at number one, knocking "Smile" by Lily Allen off the top spot.
Released in early 1987, it is taken from the album Liverpool.
"Into Another" features a music video and a remix of the song was included on the bands compilation album, 40 Seasons: The Best of Skid Row.
The track was nominated at the 2005 ARIA Music Awards and 2006 APRA Music Awards.
According to Freda Payne, Dunbar actually contributed to the song.
"U16 Girls" is the second single released from Indie band Travis' debut album, Good Feeling.
The song failed to chart on either the Billboard Hot 100 or the UK Singles Charts.
"To You I Belong" is a song by Irish girl group B*Witched.
As with most of Sly & the Family Stone's songs, Sly Stone was credited as the sole songwriter.
"Talk About the Passion" is a "hunger song", although the only direct reference in the song is to "empty mouths".
Released as a single on June 6, 1977, it was his single at the time of his death.
The song is a slow ballad which features Simmons on lead vocals and Stanley on guitar solo.
However, the late 19th and early 20th centuries were the swansong of the traditional English country house lifestyle.
The single, "Grace Like Rain", was Todd Agnew's first Contemporary Christian song and since then has become widely popular in the CCM community.
"Adam's Song" is a song recorded by the American rock band Blink-182 for its third studio album, Enema of the State.
Released as the second single from Dayne's second album Can't Fight Fate, the ballad debuted on the Billboard Hot 100 chart on January 27, 1990.
"Step Back in Time" is a song recorded by Australian singer Kylie Minogue, taken from her third studio album Rhythm of Love.
"ID; Peace B" is BoA's Japanese debut single.
So it was suggested that an American rap group may help to further the success of the single.
The track was released in April 2006 on Rough Trade Records, and is produced by Tony Hoffer.
The song was written and produced by Kristian Lundin and Jake Schulze, with additional writing by Andreas Carlsson.
"The Best Days" is the third single released by Nikki Webster from her debut album Follow Your Heart.
It was specifically seen in the UK as a swipe at the very popular Club 18-30 scheme.
The song was written by two of the band members, Tom Fletcher and Danny Jones, and Busted member James Bourne.
It was the first of a string of songs written by Hank Cochran and Harlan Howard for Cline.
The toasted verse towards the end of the song is performed by Ranking Junior, the son of Ranking Roger of 2-Tone group the Beat.
In 2005, "Echo Beach" was named the 35th greatest Canadian song of all time on the CBC Radio One series 50 Tracks: The Canadian Version.
Jason Relva is thanked in the liner notes of 1,039/Smoothed Out Slappy Hours and Kerplunk.
30/30-150 is the first single from the rock band Stone Sour's second album Come What(ever) May.
1 hit song that was written by Allan Rich and Jud Friedman and recorded by American R&B recording artist James Ingram.
It is a playful description of the artist's promiscuous lifestyle.
The track includes lead-in studio chatter, with Brown throatily shouting "This is a hit!"
The first line of the lyric, "Lookin' back on the track for a little greenback", has three rhymes; "green bag" would not be a true rhyme.
"I Know a Place" is a song with music and lyrics by Tony Hatch.
"Twisted Transistor" is a song written and recorded by American band Korn and The Matrix for Korn's seventh studio album, See You on the Other Side.
The song is amongst the band's best-known and remains a concert staple to this day.
The single peaked on the Oricon charts at #15 and remained on the charts for four weeks.
"Noël, que du bonheur" is a 2005 song recorded by the French singer Ilona.
Jim Price arranged the song's horns and played sax, while Chuck Findley took over for Price on trumpet.
After their breakup in 1991, Wang Chung reunited in 2005 to perform this song on the television show Hit Me, Baby, One More Time.
The song was written by band members Eddie Van Halen, Alex Van Halen, Michael Anthony, David Lee Roth and Michael McDonald, and produced by Ted Templeman.
It spent three weeks at the top of the US R&B chart in 2000 and reached #11 on the US pop chart.
Written by Per Gessle, the song was a hit in Canada, where it peaked at number eleven.
In addition to French and English, Deckers recorded versions in Dutch, German, Hebrew, Japanese, Korean and Portuguese.
The single charted at number 12 in the UK.
The song is also notable for being one of the band's first to feature an electric guitar solo by Ed Robertson.
"A Celebration" is a song by rock band U2.
Brown recorded her vocal over the Shirelles' track with the group's vocals erased; Dee Dee Warwick provided the harmony vocal on the chorus.
"Love Gets Me Every Time" was also her seventh number-one country hit in Canada.
Numerous HMI youth were featured in the "HMI Redux" music video that accompanied the track.
The song was written by Paul Bliss, while production was handled by Christopher Neil.
It was released on July 18, 2006, to US mainstream and rhythmic radio stations by Jive Records as the lead single from the album.
Inspired by her sister's love for music artists who had false images, Lee wrote the song five years before the release of the album.
"Jesus I Was Evil" was written and originally recorded by New Zealand artist Darcy Clay and is the band's first recorded cover.
The single also includes "Sick-O-Me" from the album and "Gotta", a B-side written by and featuring the band's original bassist Tony Lombardo.
"Final Distance" is a song by Japanese recording artist Hikaru Utada for her third studio album Deep River.
"Love Me Two Times" is a song by the American rock band the Doors.
Prince responded quickly with a track called "Let's Rock", and wished to quickly release it as a single.
The song was released as a single on June 13, 2006 from the Arista record label.
In 2004, the song was also honored by the American Film Institute as the 67th greatest song as part of their 100 Years Series.
It is also featured in Tap Tap Revenge 3 on iPhone and iPod Touch as a downloadable double song pack with Audience of One.
The song uses a modified drop-B tuning.
It was released on 8 August 2005 as the first single from the album and charted at #22 in the UK Singles Chart.
In 2001, the 1972 version was finally released on the compilation, 20th Century Masters - The Millennium Collection: The Very Best of Marvin Gaye, Vol.
It peaked at #18 in the UK charts.
The song is the final version of "Cherry Pie" from the "Pearl's Girl" single.
It was released in April 2002 as a single and taken from the soundtrack to the film Spider-Man.
Australian singer John Farnham recorded the song for his album Whispering Jack released in 1986.
"Dark Entries" is a song by English gothic rock band Bauhaus, released as a stand-alone single in January 1980 by record label Beggars Banquet.
It is set to the beat of a striptease as the girls taunt the customers.
It was subsequently sold at pub venues during early Keane gigs.
"First It Giveth" is a song by Queens of the Stone Age from their album Songs for the Deaf.
"Harder to Breathe" was featured in Birds of Prey and One Tree Hill.
Commercially, "Never Let Me Down" reached number 27 on the Billboard Hot 100 and number 34 on the UK Singles Chart.
The first version was filmed in 1992 in black-and-white and featured the original music.
So far, it sold over 335 000 copies in UK.
It was re-released in 1997, with a different set of b-sides.
Morrissey also recorded a demo for his first original album, which was not officially released until the 2010 expanded reissue of Morrissey's Bona Drag.
The original version of this song is featured on the "What Evil Lurks" EP.
The song appears on the soundtrack for the 2005 movie Monster-in-Law and was also used in the season 3 promo for Medium.
It was a worldwide hit and became their signature song.
"Stay Together for the Kids" is a song recorded by American rock band Blink-182 for their fourth studio album, Take Off Your Pants and Jacket.
Despite receiving significant radio airplay upon its re-release, the single only reached No.
"Some Might Say" is a song by the English rock band Oasis.
"We've Got Tonite" is a song written by American Bob Seger, from his 1978 album Stranger in Town.
In it, Morissette drives through a winter landscape, and she plays multiple roles as her passengers.
The single had minor exposure due to big competition on the winter releases by many artists.
This introspective twist gives the song a hit of Morrissey's wry wit, but at the same time it displays the dark uniqueness that pervades the album.
Some inserts contained messages like 'Natas si dog' and all featured lyrics and number pressed.
The B-side of the 7" was a cover of the track by Bromheads Jacket.
The song is written in the key of F-sharp major.
It was released on their 1985 album The Beach Boys.
It was most successful in Australia, peaking at #8 for two weeks in September 1985.
"Alone I Break" is a song written and recorded by the American nu metal band Korn for their fifth studio album Untouchables.
It was also featured on the season 4 episode "The Metamorphis" of the teen drama series The O.C..
He thought Diana would be sexier on it, so he recorded the song with her.
It reached number 5 in the UK Singles Chart.
"Show Biz Kids" is a song composed by Walter Becker and Donald Fagen and performed by Steely Dan.
Proceeds from the short sale of the song went to children's charities.
The CD single also includes "9 to 5" and "Dragster", which are b-sides from the album's recording sessions.
It peaked at number 50 on the UK Singles Chart in April 1988, at the time the group's highest-charting single in the UK.
"Toxygene", was the highest charting single by The Orb, reaching #4 in the UK on 8 February 1997.
"Bet'cha Gonna Need My Lovin'" is the first single from the 1984 album Heart Don't Lie, the third album by American singer La Toya Jackson.
It was released in September 1994 as the lead single from their second studio album, No Need to Argue.
"Life Is a Flower" is a song by Ace of Base, released as their first single from their 1998 album Flowers.
Billboard Country Singles chart and forty-six on Billboard's Pop Singles chart.
The vocals are emotional, and accuse the subject of rejecting Prince and lying to him.
A rehearsal of the band playing the song was filmed.
The single peaked at number 75 in the US; it was never released in the UK.
It was released in May 1999 as the eighth country single from the album Come on Over.
It was ranked 73 by Pitchfork Media in its list of the Top 100 Albums of the 1980s.
David Ruffin sings lead on this song, relating the story of a man who's become frustrated with dating pretty women with "ugly" attitudes.
"Make Me Smile" is a song written by James Pankow for the rock band Chicago with the band's guitarist, Terry Kath, on lead vocals.
Critical reception for the song was generally positive, with many praising its lyrics, noting that they diverge from the dangerous and hedonistic lyrics in hip-hop music.
The group released this under the alias "Minihams" for a motion picture version of the popular anime Hamtaro.
The B-side was the album track "Solo", a downbeat number with Prince's voice only accompanied by harp, which was composed by David Henry Hwang.
The song was released on June 22, 1999 by RCA Records as the album's lead single.
"Long Live Love" is a Chris Andrews composition which, in 1965, gained Sandie Shaw the second of her three UK number one hit singles.
During its recording session, Wilson's father Murry was relieved of his duties as the group's manager.
Various forms of life exist, such as plants, animals, fungi, protists, archaea, and bacteria.
The video also featured Brigit Novik, Scott's partner at the time, who provided the backup vocals for the track.
The song was also included in the soundtrack of the movie Breakin'.
It reached number one for three weeks in the UK in August 1975.
The song's music video depicts a couple broken apart by the Iraq War, which was intended to convey the song's central theme of loss.
In France, "Part 1" was the successful side, peaking at number-one.
It was released in 1985 in Quebec, Canada.
"Luv Me, Luv Me" is a song by Jamaican-American reggae singer Shaggy.
Each time either of them sings this song, they can secretly declare their equally deep and true romantic love for each other.
The song was used by the WWF as the main theme for their InVasion PPV in 2001.
"The Thrill Is Gone" is a slow minor-key blues song written by West Coast blues musician Roy Hawkins and Rick Darnell in 1951.
Like many other Disney theme songs, "You've Got a Friend in Me" has been covered numerous times.
An R&B ballad talking about a woman's desire to cater to the male love interest of her life, "Cater 2 U" contains synthesizers in its instrumentation.
In 2009, it was named the 9th greatest hard rock song of all time by VH1.
It was released as a single in 1979, reaching number 32 in the UK Singles Chart.
"Rompe" is a song recorded by Latin reggaeton artist Daddy Yankee.
"Into the Void" is a song by American industrial rock band Nine Inch Nails from their third studio album, The Fragile.
It was written and produced by Jackson and Jimmy Jam and Terry Lewis, with Melanie Andrews also serving as the co-writer of the song.
The 1988 and 2006 CD re-releases of Speak and Spell use the cold end version.
The video garnered generally mixed reviews critics, who universally thought that it was eccentric.
"I Will Get There" is a single recorded by Boyz II Men in 1998 for the soundtrack of the DreamWorks animated film The Prince of Egypt.
Michael performed this song, alongside his 2012 single "White Light", during the closing ceremony of the 2012 London Olympics.
It was written by Ronnie Scott and Steve Wolfe, Tyler's at-the-time managers, and produced by David Mackay.
The song reached number 8 on the U.S.
When re-released in 1989 it entered the UK Singles Chart where it spent seven weeks, peaking at number 46.
Released in late 2005 as a single, the song went on to peak at #3 on the Billboard Hot Country Songs charts.
The song is The Streets' most successful single, reaching number one in the United Kingdom on 25 July 2004, six days after its release.
It re-entered the Sweden and Norway charts in 2009 at no.
It is a modernisation of an older folk song titled "The Ballad of Lydia Pinkham".
"Ellada, Hora Tou Fotos" is a song by Greek pop singer Katerina Garbi.
The fourth song on their 1984 album The Unforgettable Fire, it was released as the album's second single in April 1985.
It debuted at number 1 on the Japanese Oricon weekly charts and was the 11th best-selling single of the year, being certified Million by the RIAJ.
"Down in the Tube Station at Midnight" was the second single taken from the album All Mod Cons by The Jam.
In the United Kingdom, the single reached a peak position of number nine on the UK Singles Chart.
It was their first single to top the Oricon chart.
Covington was signed by the songwriters for the track, based on her previous work in musicals.
The song was also featured on a Ford and X-Play commercial.
"No Good Advice" cemented their success when it peaked at number two on the UK Singles Chart.
"She's Got Issues" is a song by The Offspring.
As Cyrus' debut single and signature song, it made him famous and has been his most successful song.
The single achieved reasonable success in Australia, debuting at Number 8 on the ARIA chart and receiving significant airplay.
However, according to KC, it had a lot more meaning and depth.
It was released in May 1997 as the first single from his album Everywhere.
Lines such as "your shame is never-ending!"
It also reached number one in Germany and number two in the United Kingdom, held from the top spot by Atomic Kitten's "Whole Again".
"Whenever You're Near" is a song composed by Jack Blades and Tommy Shaw, recorded by Cher.
"Beds Are Burning" is a 1987 song by the Australian rock band Midnight Oil, the first track from their album Diesel and Dust.
"American Idiot" is a song by the American punk rock band Green Day.
The song also appeared on the album The Passion of the Christ: Songs Inspired by The Passion of the Christ.
The song was featured in the movie Lili starring Leslie Caron.
"Rose, Rose, I Love You" is a 1940 Mandarin popular song composed by Chen Gexin and first recorded by Yao Lee.
The music is built around a sample from the theme tune of the 1960s television series I Dream of Jeannie.
The country-influenced song was Newton-John's first Top 10 single in the U.S., peaking at No.
It sold around five million copies worldwide, placing it amongst the biggest selling singles of all time.
The lyrics contain a reference to Lon Chaney, Sr.'s He Who Gets Slapped.
When the song is performed live, the audience always sings along to the melody during the soft sections, at times becoming louder than the band themselves.
The song was written for and originally recorded by Jackie DeShannon.
"Something's Going On" is the third and final single by rock band A released from their album Hi-Fi Serious.
The song has a version in Portuguese called "Um Pouco Desse Amor".
The song is played only to the chorus.
"Nobody Told Me" is a song by John Lennon.
"Ship of Fools" marked Erasure's first release without record producer Flood.
The song peaked at number 13 on the Billboard Mainstream Rock Tracks chart.
The B-side was "Paint Box" written by Richard Wright.
"You and Me" is a single by La Toya Jackson, taken from her sixth studio album, Bad Girl.
Disc jockey Alan Freed featured "Hushabye" as the closing tune on his televised Saturday night "Big Beat Show".
The first release of a version of "Close" was as a nominal remix of "Beat Box" under the title "Beat Box".
"No Bravery" is a pop rock song written by British singer James Blunt and Sacha Skarbek for Blunt's debut album Back to Bedlam.
"The Love of Richard Nixon" is a song by Welsh alternative rock band Manic Street Preachers.
The song reached number 9 on the Billboard pop charts in 1942, staying on the charts for nine weeks, and later became a standard.
It was popular in both the United Kingdom and the United States.
"Love Bug Leave My Heart Alone" is a 1967 single released by Motown girl group Martha and the Vandellas.
Released as the album's second single, her version topped the Canadian charts and peaked at number four on the Billboard Hot 100.
It climbed to number one on the U.S.
It was taken from the band's eponymous debut album, following up their international hit "Fade to Grey".
The song was written by Fernando Garibay, Sheppard Solomon and Ralph McCarthy, and produced by Garibay with additional production by Solomon.
Motown released the song as a single and it hit No.
In 1999, the song was nominated for the Grammy Award for Best Rock Song.
It was written by its producer Rob Davis and Cathy Dennis.
Musically, "On a Night Like This" is a dance song that incorporates elements of disco.
As of March 12, 2014 the single has sold 439,000 copies in the United States and has been certified Gold by the RIAA.
"Renegades of Funk" is a song written by Afrika Bambaataa, Arthur Baker, John Miller & John Robie and recorded by Afrika Bambaataa & Soulsonic Force.
The song appeared in the video games Need For Speed Underground 2, Def Jam Rapstar and The Hip Hop Dance Experience.
Whitney also earned her first Grammy Award with the song, on the category Grammy Award for Best Female Pop Vocal Performance.
Bono has said the song was inspired by a fictional conversation with his friend Michael Hutchence about suicide.
"Calm Like A Bomb" is notable as a display of guitarist Tom Morello's creative use of a whammy pedal.
The melodic and chordal progressions are very similar to the Supremes' "Where Did Our Love Go".
"Assassing" is a song by the British neo-progressive rock band Marillion.
Two versions of a promotional 7" vinyl were also released, one with light blue labels and one with dark blue labels.
In 2002, the United States Library of Congress deemed the film "culturally, historically, or aesthetically significant" and selected it for preservation in the National Film Registry.
On the Swedish singles chart, it peaked at number four.
The song's main riff is based on the guitar line of Sonic Youth's "Drunken Butterfly" from their 1992 album Dirty.
Williams performed the song on The Arsenio Hall Show in 1991.
The video contains a cameo appearance from Ugly Betty actress America Ferrera.
According to the song's publishing administrator, over 1,500 recordings of "Unchained Melody" have been made by more than 670 artists, in multiple languages.
It was released as a single in 1984 on Atlantic Records.
Bing Crosby recorded a version for his Chesterfield radio show on 5 April 1950.
It was a number-one hit on the Oricon Charts in Japan.
It is an original track from his debut album, Shayne Ward.
It entered the Australian Singles Chart at number one, becoming the singer's first chart-topper since "Confide in Me".
Through its lyrics, it is able to evoke the simplicity and nostalgia of childhood.
"They Can’t Take That Away" is a single by New Zealand Idol season one winner, Benjamin Lummis, released in 2004.
However, there is an ongoing disagreement over the composer as well as producer credits.
It is written by Lennox, Return of the King producer and co-writer, Fran Walsh, and composed and co-written by the film's composer Howard Shore.
The track was released as a single on 24 April 2006.
It received a nomination for the Grammy Award for Song of the Year as well.
The song is famous for its video, directed by Michel Gondry, involving puppets.
"Hard Rock Hallelujah" is a song by Finnish hard rock band Lordi.
The jacket shoot was done during a-nation 2003 before fans were allowed to enter the arena where the event was held.
"We Belong" is a song written by Eric Lowen and Dan Navarro.
The song, written about Minogue's then boyfriend, photographer Stéphane Sednaoui.
The music video was shot in a sepia tone.
The song is featured as an on-disc track in Rock Band Unplugged, Rock Band 2, Guitar Hero World Tour and Rock Revolution.
"More Than Words Can Say" More Than Words Can Say" for promotional purposes) is a song by Canadian rock band Alias.
However, the end section of the song was played directly the performance of Shoots and Ladders at live performances starting in 2013.
The "Radio Mix" had already been available as an iTunes download before a promo single was released.
"Foolish Games/You Were Meant for Me" was listed as the second best-performing song of 1997 by Billboard, behind Elton John's "Candle in the Wind 1997".
"Step Back in Time" received positive reviews from music critics.
The song was sampled by Tone Lōc in his 1989 song "Funky Cold Medina".
Integrin alpha-V is a protein that in humans is encoded by the ITGAV gene.
"Never Tear Us Apart" is a single released by Australian rock group INXS in August 1988.
The song features backing vocals from then-unknown pop singer Katy Perry.
"Dem Jeans" is a song by American rapper Chingy.
Discussing "SexyBack", Timberlake revealed that he went "left", singing the song in a rock style, not an R&B style.
"Steal My Kisses" can be played as a song on Band Hero.
It is the leadoff track from their 1985 album, Listen Like Thieves.
Written by Charlie Simpson and Alex Westaway, "Hazy Eyes" was released a year after the first single "Paint Your Target".
Top of the World is a 1972 song written and composed by Richard Carpenter and John Bettis.
The backbeat is inspired by, and contains some samples from, Carl Orff's Carmina Burana.
"Anywhere Is" is a song by Enya, taken from her fourth studio album The Memory of Trees.
A physical CD single was released exclusively in Mexico.
2000 hours were spent both discussing and playing music and 43 songs were written and recorded.
It was featured on the soundtrack for the video game, Gran Turismo 4.
"Sugar Shack" is a song written in 1962 by Keith McCormack and Jimmy Torres.
"This Is How It Feels" was a 1990 single by the Inspiral Carpets written by Clint Boon.
A heavy metal arrangement of the song is featured on the Fist of the North Star: Ken's Rage soundtrack.
The remix features Jermaine Dupri, who also produced the track, and Da Brat.
"Thoughtless" was released as the album's second single sometime in July 2002.
"I Write Sins Not Tragedies" is a song by American rock band Panic!
Stanley's lyrics display his Bob Dylan influence.
Busted performed the song on CD:UK in October 2004.
"Jazzy Sensation" is a song released in 1981 performed by Afrika Bambaataa and the Jazzy Five.
"Silver and Cold" is a song by American rock band AFI.
"Passing Strangers" is Ultravox's second single from the band's first album with Midge Ure, released on Chrysalis Records on 15 October 1980.
It was released on June 26, 1979 on singer Glenn Danzig's label Plan 9 Records.
The singer countered allegations of antisemitism, arguing that reviews had misinterpreted the context of the song, either unintentionally or deliberately.
Produced by Gil Norton, it was released as the second single from the group's second album Doolittle in June 1989.
It was a minor hit in the UK, faring better in Ireland.
The live version from the 1975 album Live!
It was released as the second single from the album, eventually peaking at No.
It has also been used in various movie soundtracks.
"The Shoop Shoop Song" is a song written and composed by Rudy Clark.
It was released as the fourth single from the album on October 24, 1989 by Sire Records.
The song has been covered by many artists in the subsequent years.
In 2012, NME listed the song in the "100 Best Songs of the 1990s" at number 35.
"Destroy Everything You Touch" is a song by electronic music band Ladytron.
It is certified 2X Platinum by the RIAA.
It was released as a non-album single in on 10 May 1993, only several months after their debut single "Creep" and their debut album Pablo Honey.
A live version of the song was released on Lauper's live album/DVD, To Memphis, with Love.
The song also ranked as third on iTunes on January 12, 2016.
The song was the recipient of Grammy and American Music Award nominations.
"The Grease Megamix" is a song that was released in December 1990 to celebrate the video release of Grease.
"With or Without You" is a song by Irish rock band U2.
The promo CD single contained a live version of the song, which was recorded on 13 September 2000 at the America West Arena in Phoenix, Arizona.
The release also features a brand new modern arrangement of Kimberley's signature song from the show, "Somewhere Over The Rainbow".
The single peaked at number 11 on Billboard's Modern Rock Tracks.
Featured singer Kim Burrell asked that her voice specifically represent them.
"No One Is Innocent" was the fifth single by the British punk rock band the Sex Pistols.
It became their fifth top-ten single to enter the UK Singles Chart.
The Strokes Myspace page asked all users to put the song in their profile in an attempt to spread the single among the online community.
The song is heard briefly in the animated feature, Madagascar 3: Europe's Most Wanted.
"My Island Home" is popularly believed to be a song about Australia.
63 in the U.S. on the Billboard Hot 100 chart.
It was accompanied by a B-side entitled "What Am I Gonna Do?
"Everything in the World" is a song by Squeeze.
The backing track was recorded at Virgin's Town House in West London, and mixing and vocal recording would later take place at Sarm East Studios.
In January 2014, NME ranked the song as No.
An accompanying music video directed by Steve Box was released featuring the five band members as animated fairies that interact with two friends in a forest.
"Keep Ya Head Up" is a 1993 hit single by 2Pac.
It received heavy airplay from the alternative radio sector.
Released on October 10, 1966, the single was an immediate critical and commercial hit, topping record charts in several countries including the US and UK.
Originally written for Britney Spears, the song was produced by Swedish Bloodshy & Avant, and received a mixed reception from contemporary critics.
Later in 1972, American-based Atlantic Records licensed the original Manu Dibango version from French record label, Fiesta, and released it as a single.
It features background vocals from a choir and also a rock guitar.
It appeared on their album Hums of the Lovin' Spoonful, and reached number one on the Billboard Hot 100 in August 1966, for three consecutive weeks.
"God Is a DJ" is a song by British group Faithless.
"Sakuranbo" is Ai Otsuka's second single, which was released on December 17, 2003.
The ad itself was an allusion to the song, "These Foolish Things".
With the title "King Tubby Meets Rockers Uptown", it was later included on the 1976 album King Tubbys Meets Rockers Uptown.
Mute Records issued the single in the UK.
The video for the song features Moist front man David Usher.
They also performed a live duet in April 2002 on "Sous le vent."
and was released as its fourth and final single.
This was the first song the band performed following their official reformation in October 2011.
The track is composed more like a children's lullaby rather than a pop song, and features strings, synthesizer and strummed acoustics.
The song features former lead singer of the Pussycat Dolls Nicole Scherzinger.
Lyrically, the song discusses a lover who is the one, and how their meeting was not just chance.
Carly Simon was the uncredited lead singer.
"Just Dropped In ..." was a hit for Kenny Rogers and the First Edition in 1968.
The song contains a sample of "Boadicea" from Enya by Enya, and its chorus is based on "Ready or Not Here I Come" by The Delfonics.
It was the French entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 2001.
"Meant to Live" was released to radio on June 17, 2003.
Columbia Records released it as the album's first single on September 27, 2005.
Charles replied, "I don't have a car.
So don't say I'm like to other few.
His vocal range shifts throughout the song from very high falsetto to his deeper lower baritone.
Written by Stefani and fellow No Doubt bandmate Tony Kanal, the track contains a sample of The Isley Brothers' 1983 song "Between the Sheets".
The video features a computer animated Williams as part of the England football team and flying through space.
CD2 and the 7" feature the "Kaliphz Mix" of "Dummy Crusher", which is a faster dancier mix with heavy breakbeats.
The B-side is a live recording of Disco Inferno for AOL Sessions.
It was nominated for a Grammy Award for Best Pop Performance by a Duo or Group with Vocals in 2007.
It was released on 15 November 2004 as the fourth and final single from their debut studio album of the same name.
Blige received a nomination for Best Female R&B Vocal Performance at the 46th Grammy Awards for the song.
The lyrics have also been seen to lampoon the British space programme, which was and still is an unmanned project.
She drove to Nelson's house, and decided she might be able to meet the star if she claimed her car had broken down.
It was the first and only single released from his 1981 album Dance.
"Light in Your Eyes" is the second and final single from Sheryl Crow's first compilation album titled The Very Best of Sheryl Crow.
The song is generally a positive message of overcoming odds.
Allmusic cites it as "a club hit that features Glenn Gregory's moody, dramatic lead above a percolating vocal and synth arrangement."
for five consecutive weeks, peaking at number two on the US Billboard Hot 100.
Singing backup for Ruffin on the recording are The Originals, who the same year would score a hit of their own with "Baby I'm For Real".
The song contains an interpolation of the theme for the film Midnight Cowboy.
"Only Happy When It Rains" was released on September 18, 1995 as the third single from Garbage.
Cells reproduce through a process of cell division, in which the parent cell divides into two or more daughter cells.
The single met with great success, becoming a #10 hit on the Billboard Hot 100 and reaching #12 on the UK Singles Chart.
The song was covered by American actor and drag performer, Willam Belli.
It was co-written by Guy Sebastian and Robin Thicke, the renowned US/Canadian R&B artist.
The song was also featured as the B side to the UK release of his hit "Great Balls of Fire".
It first reached the Billboard Best Seller chart on September 21, 1951, and lasted six weeks on the chart, peaking at number 11.
It reached the top spot in the United Kingdom and was certified Platinum, whilst also reaching the top ten in Sweden and Ireland.
The song also contains samples from the song "Funky Drummer" by James Brown.
The song was originally called "The Thing", recorded in New Orleans by Little Richard.
It was recorded by Celine Dion and many other artists.
The version released on the single is a re-recording from that of the album version.
The single peaked at fifteen on the Productores de Música de España and number seven on the Dutch Tipparade.
"Open Your Heart" is a power ballad released by the Swedish heavy metal band Europe.
It stands as the couple's first musical collaboration and the only one released as a single.
"Bidi Bidi Bom Bom" is a Mexican cumbia pop song with rock en español and reggae influences.
On the Cash Box Top 100 chart, which measured the US performance of single sides individually, "For You Blue" peaked at number 71.
Though visually appealing with water "flowing" throughout various people in the video, the band consider it a failure because they believe it resembles a television advert.
It is the first track on their compilation album, Greatest Hits, and the only original track on the album.
Andy Williams released a version in 1974 on his album, You Lay So Easy on My Mind.
Stevens sings in a deeper register for the father's lines, while using a higher one for those of the son.
The song spent 3 weeks at #1 on the Modern Rock Tracks chart, surpassing "The Distance" as the band's highest-charting single.
Fitness expert Billy Blanks starred in the video as the silver man.
The B-side featured "It's Alright" by Ono and Sean Lennon.
"Head over Feet" is a song by Canadian singer-songwriter Alanis Morissette, taken from her third studio album Jagged Little Pill.
"Around the World" debuted at number three on the weekly Oricon Singles Chart, selling over 36,000 copies.
The song also features strings following the bridge section.
Literary critic Harold Bloom included this performance on his short list of the greatest works of twentieth-century American art.
"Too Much Heaven" is a song by the Bee Gees, which was the band's contribution to the "Music for UNICEF" fund.
None of the Vandellas are featured in this song.
It has also been selected as one of The Rock and Roll Hall of Fame's 500 Songs that Shaped Rock and Roll.
Current live performances since 2004 are in D standard tuning, as opposed to the E standard tuning of earlier live performances.
"St. Elmo's Fire" is a song by English singer John Parr from the 1985 film St. Elmo's Fire.
The second promo single had the title song and the video for the song.
Her recording reached number two in Sweden and number eleven in the UK, selling a total of 21,000 copies, 11,000 of those in the first week.
You guys ought to write a song about it."
It does not contain any examples of the relaxed tempo songs Dire Straits had been known for.
The song contains rock and metal influences among others and its main instrumentation consists of drums and guitars built around Lee's soprano vocals.
"Angry Chair" is a song by the American rock band Alice in Chains.
The single sold one million copies domestically and earned a platinum certification from the RIAA.
The instrumentation used in the song includes a pounding ass beat, electronic chords, and drum machine sounds.
It was drawn from the 1973 album Selling England by the Pound.
An English country house is a large house or mansion in the English countryside.
"I'd Do Anything" is a song written and recorded by English band Dead or Alive.
It is considered to be the band's unofficial anthem.
Madonna appears in the video only as an animated, Tinker Bell-type fairy.
The single's only evident chart showing outside the US was in Australia at #19.
Billboard Hot 100, and featured the Tower of Power horn section.
The cover is the same as for the DVD single.
"2000 Light Years from Home" is a song from The Rolling Stones' 1967 psychedelic rock album Their Satanic Majesties Request.
It was certified two times Platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America denoting shipments of over 2,000,000 copies.
"Veteran Cosmic Rocker" is the third and final song in a suite that concludes Long Distance Voyager.
It was released as the lead single from their album on September 4, 1991, by Warner Bros. Records.
The artwork for the single features the same image of Prince that was used for the cover of "I Would Die 4 U".
"Bonzo Goes to Bitburg" is a song by American punk rock band the Ramones.
The song was written by Twain and then-husband Robert John "Mutt" Lange.
Recorded and released on the American Pie album in 1971, the single was a number-one US hit for four weeks in 1972.
The plan, however, never came to fruition and the reasons why have varied between sources and the individuals involved.
The song enjoyed a second life when it appeared on the 1994 Pulp Fiction soundtrack, performed by rock band Urge Overkill.
The melody was originally released without lyrics under the title "Candlelight Cafe".
"My Whole World Ended" was the focal point of Ruffin's debut solo LP, My Whole World Ended.
In addition to the band, the song features Kirsty MacColl on backup vocals and The Smiths guitarist Johnny Marr.
It has been used for several TV shows and films, and in some political campaigns.
It also appears in the musical about Allen's life, The Boy from Oz.
In 2010 the song was re-recorded and appeared on the b-side of the group's single "Love Don't Live Here".
It appears on the album Quiet Lies.
The single is taken from their debut album, Paranoid & Sunburnt, and reached number 46 on the UK Singles Chart.
The main song was slowed down, and Tony M. delivers an original rap atop the tune.
The song is about the Zapatista revolution.
"Shape of My Heart" is a song by American boy band Backstreet Boys, written and produced by Max Martin and Rami, and co-written by Lisa Miskovsky.
It features each member of the Sugababes with a man from the airport.
The song was also used as the theme song to the short-lived sitcom Stir Crazy, based on the 1980 hit movie.
In the United States, the song reached at number three on the Billboard Hot 100 and was certified platinum on February 26, 1998.
"Kickin' Ass" is a song by industrial rock group KMFDM from their 1986 album What Do You Know, Deutschland?.
and the final single from the album, released just in time for the 1986 Christmas season.
It was later used on the soundtrack of the 2003 film Charlie's Angels: Full Throttle.
The song is featured as the fourth track on the band's seventh studio album Splinter and was released as the first single from the album.
"A Dozen Roses" peaked at number 48 on Billboard's Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart, on which it became the singer's lowest-charting singles since 1999's "Street Symphony".
On the 2006 re-release of Speak and Spell it was placed at the end of the album, with the original UK track list preceding it.
The music video was directed by Hype Williams.
is a song recorded by Canadian singer-songwriter Shania Twain taken from her third studio album, Come On Over.
"When I Come Around" was Green Day's most popular radio single in their early career, peaking at number 6 on the Billboard Hot 100 Airplay.
"Strict Machine" is an electronic dance song written by British group Goldfrapp and Nick Batt for their second studio album Black Cherry.
"I Can't Dance to That Music You're Playin'" is a 1968 funk-soul single by Motown girl group Martha and the Vandellas.
The official remix of the song features Puerto Rican singer Tony Dize.
"What's on Your Mind" is a song by American synthpop band Information Society that was released as a single in 1988.
"Anicyka Maya" is a single by Romanian singer Anna Lesko.
"You Know You're Right" is a song by the American grunge band Nirvana.
It won the Academy Award for Best Original Song, and Bing Crosby's record became one of the biggest hits of 1937.
The song became Wonder's third number-one single on the Billboard Hot 100 chart and his first number-one on the Easy Listening chart.
"I Love You Goodbye" is the first track on the fourth Thomas Dolby album Astronauts & Heretics.
It was played in episode 21 in season 3 of The O.C.
It is on their 1983 album War and it was released as the album's lead single in January 1983.
"Boogie Wonderland" is a 1979 disco hit song by American R&B band Earth, Wind & Fire, featuring The Emotions.
"Bedshaped" is a song by English rock band Keane, released as the third single from Hopes and Fears.
The song was released in September 1997 as the third single from her debut studio album Drive.
It also became Minogue's only charting single in the US during the 1990s period, having peaked at 39 on the US Billboard Dance Club Songs chart.
"Blame It on the Weatherman" is a song by Irish girl group B*Witched.
"Thinking It Over" is the debut single released by English-Irish pop group Liberty X, known at the time as Liberty.
It is their highest-charting single so far in the UK, peaking at #16.
"Coward of the County" is a country song written by Roger Bowling and Billy Ed Wheeler, and recorded by American country music singer Kenny Rogers.
"25 or 6 to 4" is a song written by the American musician Robert Lamm, one of the founding members of the rock/jazz fusion band Chicago.
Among other things, the song is notable for being written in waltz time.
It was released on limited edition 7" and CD by Fantastic Plastic Records.
The single and the Octopus album were produced by Ian Stanley.
The music video was directed by band member David A. Stewart.
It was released as the album's third single in the start of 2002 in Australia as a CD single.
A live version of the song features in the band's 1979 album Live Killers.
12 in early 1976, the first of six Top 20 songs for Kiss in the 1970s.
Produced by Aladdin Records, and featuring The Sharps on backing vocals, Harris' version reached No.
It was included in the Sign “☮” the Times film, and features the intro from the extended version of the song.
"Gypsy Eyes" is a song by Jimi Hendrix, performed by The Jimi Hendrix Experience on their 1968 album Electric Ladyland, and based on the field holler.
"The Blues Are Still Blue" was the second single from the Belle & Sebastian's The Life Pursuit.
The song snidely attacks the importance of image in the music industry.
The song was released as a single in May 1966, two months before the group's self-titled UK album.
The song featured an uncredited vocal arrangement by Missy "Misdemeanor" Elliott, and featured a signature guitar hook played by Marc Solomon.
It was originally sung by Elaine Paige and Barbara Dickson.
"Outta Control" is a single by Baby Bash.
The working title was "Zephyr and Zeppo".
In 2014, Dame Shirley Bassey recorded this song for her album titled Hello Like Before.
The funky disco number has few lyrics but is not short on funk, using prominent bass guitar, grunts and screams to excite the listener.
"Scream" was written, composed and produced by Jimmy Jam, Terry Lewis, Michael Jackson and Janet Jackson; Michael played many of the instruments.
"Don't Listen to the Radio" is a single from Australian rock band The Vines' third album Vision Valley.
"Can't Repeat" is a single by American punk rock band The Offspring.
"John The Fisherman" is the first part of a four-part story called the "Fisherman's Chronicles", which continued on Primus' later albums.
In this case, a racist and totalitarian movement is seen in terms of sub rosa teenage sex: "Turn up the TV...
The cover of the single features a parody of a Diamond Matches box.
"Oh No, Not You Again" is the third single by Australian rock band Australian Crawl from their 1981 studio album Sirocco.
The track was written by Sherman Marshall and Phillip T. Pugh, and produced by Thom Bell.
A CD version of "Steady, As She Goes" was released on April 24 with the B-side "Bane Rendition".
"Angels Brought Me Here" peaked at number-one on the ARIA Singles Chart.
"Anchor Me" is a love song, written by the Mutton Birds' lead singer Don McGlashan about his wife.
The song received favorable reviews from many music critics.
Both tracks were collected on the trio's eponymous debut album in 1984.
"My First Night Without You" is the second single released from Cyndi Lauper's third album A Night To Remember.
It is also, according to AllMusic, the best-known track from the album.
"Roses in the Hospital" is a song by Welsh alternative rock band Manic Street Preachers.
It was later released on Donohue's CD Radio Blues.
The song first appeared in the 1922 musical Oh, Ernest.
Musically, the song is a pop rock and electropop inspired song, with dance music influences.
It received radio play over the following year and eventually reached No.
"Any Man of Mine" was released to European markets but due to its country sound, it didn't make much of an impact.
"Little Red Corvette" is a song by American musician Prince.
"I'm So Lonesome I Could Cry" is a song written and recorded by American country music singer-songwriter Hank Williams in 1949.
It was included on her debut album Free Yourself, released on November 23, 2004.
"If I Was" is a 1985 song by Midge Ure.
"Oh Father" received positive reviews from critics and authors, but commercially was less successful than Madonna's previous singles.
"Rhythm Nation" is a song by American singer Janet Jackson, released as the second single from her fourth studio album Janet Jackson's Rhythm Nation 1814.
Their goal was to try to get out the word of the new single as fast as possible, by spreading the song by word of mouth.
Although the song was not commercially released in the United States, it reached number 19 on the Billboard Hot 100 due to airplay.
Billboard named the song #77 on their list of 100 Greatest Girl Group Songs of All Time.
A picture sleeve, featuring a portrait of Darin, was also issued for this record in the U.S.
"Şımarık" is a 1997 song by Turkish singer Tarkan.
"Boss of Me" is a song by alternative rock band They Might Be Giants.
The song as originally written listed Australian towns.
It was released as a single in the United States and peaked at #8 on the Billboard Singles Charts in 1966.
'"Flavour of the Old School"' is a song by British R&B recording artist Beverley Knight, released as her debut single from her debut The B-Funk.
It was nominated for the Grammy Award for Best Hard Rock Performance in 1996.
The song is one of the band's better known singles, and is readily recognized by its opening guitar riff.
Other releases contained the song "Paperlate" and a 12" remix of "Tonight, Tonight, Tonight".
"The Rock Show" is a song recorded by American rock band Blink-182 for the group's fourth studio album, Take Off Your Pants and Jacket.
It is his third highest charting single to date.
The group appealed the decision to Motown head Berry Gordy, who preferred it to the group's choice.
"Professional Widow" is a 1996 song written by singer-songwriter Tori Amos.
The song was released as the first single from his album Fake Songs in 2002.
"In the Closet" is a song by American recording artist Michael Jackson.
During concerts, DeLonge has often used both "Down" and "I Miss You" by Blink-182 as part of an extended intro to the song.
"Shake Your Coconuts" is a song by Danish indie pop duo Junior Senior.
Sharp, a drug addict at the time, sold the song to Teddy Powell for $50.
Upon its release, "Sunny Sundae Smile" peaked at number 6 on the UK Independent Singles Chart.
"Get into You" is a Dance-pop song written by Mike Percy and Tim Lever for Dannii Minogue's second album Get into You.
The music video to accompany the single was released on February 2, 2006.
The track caused controversy in the US due to its references to abortion.
While specific traits of one's personality and temperament may be more consistent, other behaviors will change as one moves from birth through adulthood.
A simple hug was shown at the ending of the video.
It won the 2000 ARIA Music Award for Best Video.
The former leader of the British Union of Fascists seemed unrepentant about his poisonous actions of the 1930s.
It has been described as "[one of the] classics of the era," and as "the quintessential bright summer sing along".
This song is meant to be one of the reasons Ash believed they needed a fourth, female member.
"I Wish U Heaven" is a song by Prince, and the third single from his 1988 album, Lovesexy.
Yusuf Islam performed the song live at the 2006 Nobel Peace Prize Concert ceremony when Muhammad Yunus of Bangladesh received the award.
The song was actually an altered version of "Cease to Exist", composed by aspiring folk singer-songwriter and later convicted murder-conspirator Charles Manson.
In 1992 Kids Incorporated covered "Every Heartbeat" in the Season 8 episode "Old Friends".
The song was featured on the American version of their debut album, The Pretty Things.
It failed to chart in either the United States or the United Kingdom despite earning critical praise.
A Music War, with a different bridge about Rosalynn Carter.
David Mould directed the music video to the single, featuring Minogue and actor Dexter Fletcher robbing a gas station.
A live version was included on both the single and the live album A Ticket for Everyone.
A new version by Uncle Kracker, with Gray, became a major hit in 2003.
The song was included on Pearl Jam's 2004 greatest hits album, rearviewmirror.
The song garnered a negative reception from critics.
The track features Kate Havnevik on guest vocals and co-writing.
Its popularity soon reached record executives, and Dire Straits were offered a contract with Phonogram Records.
This song is included in the music game Lego Rock Band.
Produced by Mike Stock and Pete Waterman, it was released as the first single from Minogue's album Let's Get to It.
Directed by David Fincher and shot in black-and-white, it shows a little girl playing in the snow, as her mother dies.
The second track on the CD single includes a cover of "Over the Rainbow" from The Wizard of Oz.
"Swinging on a Star" is an American pop standard with music composed by Jimmy Van Heusen and lyrics by Johnny Burke.
It was subsequently included on the band's debut album Amore and an extended version of the song was included on their second album Nervous Night.
405 on Rolling Stone magazine's list of "The 500 Greatest Songs of All Time", it is frequently used as a wedding song.
The official soundtrack to FIFA 2000, entitled FIFA 2000: The Album, was released in 1999 and "It's Only Us" was the "official single" from it.
It is the second single from the singer's sixth solo album, Thriller.
The 7" was backed by the B-side "Shopping".
The single peaked at number 4 on the UK Singles Chart.
“At Last” was added to Glenn Miller’s subsequent and only other film, Orchestra Wives, starring George Montgomery and Ann Rutherford.
"Trapped in a Box" is a 1992 song by American rock band No Doubt.
The song was released on December 1, 1993, as the ninth and final single from the Dangerous album.
Sophie Bennett and Kia Luby covered "Planet Tokyo" on their CDs "Spin" and "Planet Tokyo".
The song originally featured a spoken introduction by Ruffin, similar in style to many of Lou Rawls' performances at the time.
"Old Before I Die" is a 1997 song by Robbie Williams, and the first single to be taken from his debut album, Life thru a Lens.
The song returned to nationwide charts with cover versions by The Four Tops and Rick Price.
Meat Loaf promoted the single with US vocalist Patti Russo.
"Life in a Day" was I Am Kloot's highest charting single coming in at #43 in the UK singles chart in 2003.
"Me Pregunto" is the first single from the album Dulce Beat, the second studio album by the Mexican band Belanova.
It was written and produced by the lead singer Gary Barlow, with an additional production done by Chris Porter.
Norman Wright was the lead vocalist on this song.
"If Its Real" is the Liverpool-based band Space's debut single, released only on 12" vinyl in 1993 under a restriction of 500 copies.
"Here Without You" is a song by American rock band 3 Doors Down.
It also topped the charts of Minogue's native country Australia, Canada and New Zealand.
Bachman then wrote a short song in the key of F♯ called "No Sugar Tonight".
The song was written by the three Berggren siblings in dedication to the passing of their father.
In 2010, "Bad Ass Strippa" was featured in the BBC Three make-under program Snog Marry Avoid?.
"Everybody Wants You" is a hit song written and performed by American rock singer and guitarist Billy Squier.
The single heavily features the recorded sample of a car, a Volkswagen Golf owned by a neighbour of band member J. J. Jeczalik, stalling and restarting.
In October 2011, NME placed it at number 87 on its list "150 Best Tracks of the Past 15 Years".
Lyricist E. Y. Harburg referred to the song as a "historical document."
The song was played during the end of the final ever episode of Two Pints of Lager.
"Run to Me" is a song by American R&B singer Angela Winbush.
Despite charting lower than other singles, the single is still one of the band's most played songs on commercial radio stations.
"Charlie Big Potato" was the first single taken from Post Orgasmic Chill by Skunk Anansie.
It received a nice treatment on music video with an extended length video, portraying love story between two swimmers in a summer.
It has sold over 233,000 copies as of 2013.
John Sykes played it live in 2004.
Other allusions to Dean in the video include a child delivering to the singer a copy of Antoine de Saint-Exupéry's The Little Prince, Dean's favourite book.
The song was recorded in 2003 as the third single from their debut album D-D-Don't Don't Stop the Beat.
The single has sold over 600,000 copies to date in the UK and the US and also achieved gold status there.
The single has been released throughout Europe with a different cover and track listing.
It was originally intended for the scrapped album 'Heltah Skeltah'.
James Keelaghan performed the song on the Lightfoot tribute album, Beautiful.
The record reached number 2 on the British charts in mid 1967.
2 on the Record Retailer chart, which subsequently evolved into the UK Singles Chart.
The song reached number 6 on the Billboard Hot Country Singles & Tracks chart.
In the U.K. Mark Saunders and Phil Legg provided the remixes, for the U.S. the remixes were made by Justin Strauss.
The album title is a reference to die-hard fans of The White Stripes, who are called "Candy Cane Children."
The version of the song that appears in the movie is the demo version of the song.
www.tism.wanker.com is the fifth album by Australian alternative rock group TISM, released in 1998.
"The Everlasting Gaze" is a song written by Billy Corgan and recorded by The Smashing Pumpkins.
The main setting is a nightclub where Carey slips her phone number to a man, one digit at a time.
It was also included in the setlist of her Oral Fixation Tour.
A re-release backed with "Little Wing" peaked at number 78 on the same chart.
It was also covered by the Croatian punk-rock band Psihomodo Pop.
"Life Is a Rollercoaster" is a song by Irish singer-songwriter Ronan Keating from his debut solo album, Ronan.
The ballad was released on February 25, 1988.
Wheels, in conjunction with axles, allow heavy objects to be moved easily facilitating movement or transportation while supporting a load, or performing labor in machines.
"Parler tout bas" is the third single by Alizée released in April 2001.
Studio head Darryl Zanuck reportedly said, “There are too many big ones in this.
Although the single was midweek #1 until Saturday, Spiller featuring Sophie Ellis-Bextor's "Groovejet" outsold "Out of Your Mind" by 20,000 copies by Sunday.
The lyrics are taken from a poem of the same name by the author Thomas Ligotti and spoken by David Tibet.
The song was released on Coolio's album of the same name, as well as the soundtrack for the 1995 film Dangerous Minds.
The photos on the record sleeve were taken by famous American photographer Herb Ritts.
It was upgraded to a 4x Platinum certification by the Recording Industry Association of America in February 2015.
In 1999, the song was popularized from its artistic use in the worldwide trailer for the movies The Matrix, and also for The Long Kiss Goodnight.
Sherman's first single release on Metromedia Records, it reached No.
"Video Killed the Radio Star" is a song written by Trevor Horn, Geoff Downes and Bruce Woolley in 1978.
It features on their debut album, I Am the Movie and was released as their second single in Europe.
"Still a Thrill" was the second single from singer Jody Watley's self-titled debut album.
Richard Carpenter admitted, on a Japanese documentary, that it was his favorite of all the songs that he had written.
It was his third solo single, following "Underpass" and "No-One Driving" earlier in the year.
The single was later certified Gold by the Recording Industry Association of America.
In 2013, the song was voted the best Brooklyn anthem by MTV.
This song is notable for being Blur's last single with guitarist Graham Coxon before he left the band for over eight years before the 2009 reunion.
"River Below" is a song by the Canadian band Billy Talent, released on July 5, 2004.
However, in the US the two songs charted separately, with "Confusion" in late 1979 followed by "Last Train to London" in early 1980.
The B-side was "2 Whom It May Concern", which was also available on the maxi single for "7".
The song continues to be covered by numerous artists, including Nina Simone, UB40 and Annie Lennox and has inspired novels, other poems, and other creative works.
It was written by Lopez and Cory Rooney for the Adam Shankman-directed romantic comedy The Wedding Planner.
It is his second biggest hit, peaking at number 12 on the Billboard Hot 100.
"Since U Been Gone" was also a worldwide success, peaking in the top five in Austria, Australia, Ireland, the Netherlands and the United Kingdom.
The composition features electric and acoustic guitars, complemented by singer Thom Yorke's vocals.
The acoustic song is one of the more well-known acoustic versions of songs from the studio album.
Although it debuted at number 43 in the Oricon charts, it remained her best-selling single for many years until the release of "Triangler" in 2008.
This single is considered a rarity among A-Teens fans.
The decision was made to move the release to December 13 to put it in line for the Christmas number 1 slot.
In 2007 Keren said she considered the song to be one of the band's best.
Outside the United States, "Boom Boom Boom" topped the charts in Germany, the Republic of Ireland and the United Kingdom.
It is one of their biggest hits, alongside "Sweet Dreams".
The song is ranked number 438 on Rolling Stone magazine's list of the 500 Greatest Songs of All Time.
"Justify My Love" is a song by American singer Madonna from her first greatest hits compilation album The Immaculate Collection.
The single was released exclusively in the United States.
The song has sold over 1,650,000 digital copies in the US as of February 2016.
"We Belong Together" is built on a simple piano arrangement with an understated backbeat.
Dareka no Negai ga Kanau Koro is also included in the "Our Last Days" - "Casshern" OST as the theme song.
He is seen trying to stay in relationships with the women but having trouble doing so.
It received several accolades, including a People's Choice Award, an MTV Latin America Video Music Award, and an MTV Video Music Award.
A remix by Hot Chip was included on the release of The Inbetweeners Soundtrack in 2009.
And, one of her best new jack swing songs.
The song debuted at number 75 on the Billboard Hot 100 chart dated April 11, 1992 and hit number one twelve weeks later.
McKuen and Kerr received the credits due to the usage of a sample from one of their songs, "Why I Follow the Tigers".
The song proved to be a success, giving Braxton her first U.S.
I feel the sky tum-b-ling down - tum-b-ling down
The phrase "stand and deliver - your money or your life", used in the lyrics, is commonly associated with highwaymen in 18th century England.
Motown then issued Ross' version on 45.
"Just a Day" is a song by Feeder, released as the band's final single of 2001, notable for being their last with drummer Jon Lee.
The best-known and most successful rendition was recorded by Bill Haley & His Comets in 1954 for American Decca.
Produced by Collins along with Hugh Padgham, it was released as the first single from his number-one album ...But Seriously.
"Head Like a Hole" is a song by the American industrial rock band Nine Inch Nails.
The song also charted at number 36 on the UK Singles chart.
It was released as his winner's single on 21 December 2005.
It is the ninth and final track on his 1986 album The Ultimate Sin.
Despite initial setbacks, the Soviet Red Army halted the German incursion and captured Berlin in May 1945, ending World War II in Europe.
It was re-released in the UK on 22 October 2007.
The song reached #28 on the Mainstream Rock Tracks.
The album contained the songs "I'm Sorry" and "Calypso," which comprised a two-sided hit for Denver in the fall of 1975.
"Save the Day" was the first official single taken from Australian rock group, The Living End's debut self-titled album.
Bowie's future manager Ken Pitt attended one of these mid-1960s concerts, where the band finished with The Rodgers and Hammerstein song "You'll Never Walk Alone".
It became the second biggest hit off the album
The song was adapted by American songwriter Jack Lawrence in 1954, and he wrote English lyrics, which are considerably different from the French.
Allmusic's Stephen Thomas Erlewine considers the song a masterpiece.
The song's intro was changed, as well as the middle eight section.
It was released as the first single from their fourth studio album, ...And Justice for All.
1 hits on the Billboard Hot 100.
"Ohne dich" is a power ballad by German band Rammstein from the album Reise, Reise.
Original singer Lucky Starr released an EP called "Lucky's Been Everywhere", which contained four different versions: United Kingdom, United States, New Zealand, and Australia.
Co-produced by Mike Hedges and The Cure's Robert Smith, it was released as a single from the band's second album Seventeen Seconds in 8 April 1980.
"Lonely No More" hit number one on the Adult Contemporary chart.
It reached #30 in the UK charts, and became their milestone 20th top 75 hit in the process.
The track also appeared on the Beatles' Magical Mystery Tour album and in a sequence in their 1968 animated film Yellow Submarine.
It also reached the UK charts peaking at number 5.
The single reached #68 on the UK Singles Chart.
The song expressed Costello's anger after seeing former British Union of Fascists leader Oswald Mosley interviewed on television attempting to deny his racist past.
9 on the Billboard Hot 100 and No.
The song expresses St. James' desire to tell her childhood friend about God's amazing love.
"Hate Me" is a song by American alternative rock group Blue October.
"Call Me What You Like" is a song by Keane, released as their first single in early 2000.
Besides Harrison, the backing musicians include Leon Russell, Pete Ham, Klaus Voormann and Jim Gordon.
"Tommy the Cat" is a song by the funk metal band Primus, was released on their third album, Sailing the Seas of Cheese.
Stylistically, "Give In to Me" is a hard rock ballad which featured Guns N' Roses guitarist Slash.
It was re-released on April 10, 2006, as a part of the Visionary: The Video Singles box set.
"If God Will Send His Angels" is the fifth single from U2's 1997 album, Pop, released on 8 December 1997.
The single was released on 6 June 2006 in Sweden.
It reached number 2 in the UK Singles Chart in 1975, and number 3 in the US Pop charts a year later.
In the song, the narrator's girlfriend crawls into the television and afterwards, the narrator desires to crawl in himself to find her.
253 in its list of The 500 Greatest Songs of All Time and on its 2010 update was ranked at number 256.
The cover features band members Stevie Jackson and Isobel Campbell along with Adrienne Payne and Rozanne Suarez.
The single was released on March 15, 2006.
Although credited to all members of Pearl Jam, it features lyrics written by vocalist Eddie Vedder and music primarily written by guitarist Stone Gossard.
Written by group members Peter Buck, Mike Mills and Michael Stipe, the song features a synthesizer-heavy arrangement.
Amuro has performed the song in a number of live performances throughout Japan.
The song topped the charts in the United States, also reaching number 3 in the United Kingdom.
The song was produced by Stock and Waterman.
A special US single version was finally released in January 1985 and reached #16 on the Billboard Hot 100.
"One Time For Me" is a CD single by The Reverend Horton Heat.
Tyler has re-recorded the song several times, most notably as a bilingual duet with French singer Kareen Antonn in 2004.
It was originally released in 2002, as part of the album entitled Get Heavy.
Conquer Your House is a 1991 single by Excessive Force, a side project of KMFDM and My Life With the Thrill Kill Kult.
The song did not enjoy great chart success in the United States, becoming Michael's first single to miss the top 10.
It went to number one on the Danish Singles Chart, number two in both Ireland and the United Kingdom, and number six in Norway.
It was featured in the 2007 films Stomp the Yard and Norbit.
The song is a ballad in which Anastacia sings in English and Ramazzotti in Italian or Spanish.
"She Wants to Move" is a single by American hip hop and rock group N*E*R*D from their album Fly or Die.
However, because of Billboard magazine rules at the time, a song with no commercial single available could not chart on the main Billboard Hot 100.
"Party Out of Bounds" is the title of a 1980 song by The B-52s, from their album Wild Planet.
The song also plays over the credits in the Jody Hill film Observe and Report.
"Everybody in the Place" is the second official single released by the British electronic dance band The Prodigy from their debut album "Experience"
There were a number of other singers who were offered the song; they all turned it down.
"The Power of Love" is a song originally recorded and released by English band Frankie Goes to Hollywood.
It was later featured on Twain's Greatest Hits album.
The 'Peel Session' version was also voted into #10 place in John Peel's 1990 Festive Fifty.
The song was written and composed by Mark Hudson.
"Y Control" is a single by Yeah Yeah Yeahs, from their debut album Fever to Tell.
"Gangster of Love" is a blues song recorded by Johnny "Guitar" Watson in 1957.
The infamous pearls in the music video come from Connie Parente, a Los Angeles jewelry collector and designer.
The song reached the top ten in all major territories.
The song was the second single released in promotion for the album in August 1991.
"Sumahama" is a song written by Mike Love for a 1978 solo album called First Love.
The video, directed by David and Raphael Vital-Durand, features a grim, Nineteen Eighty-Four-like setting.
It was listed as AOL's top metal song of the decade.
Afterwards, the thought remained on Charles's mind, and he said he wrote the song for Domino in some 15 minutes.
The music video for the song was made as a parody of game shows from the 1970s.
In 1978, state of Maryland delegate Isaiah Dixon attempted to introduce legislation making it illegal to play "Short People" on the radio.
It was the band's biggest hit, peaking at number five on the Billboard Hot 100, and staying on the charts for 24 weeks.
"Picking Up the Pieces" was a single released from Difford & Tilbrook's self-titled debut album in the United States.
In May 2007, NME magazine placed "Cut Your Hair" at number 28 in its list of the 50 Greatest Indie Anthems Ever.
She did however finish in the top 5 of voting for both years.
It is the opening track to their 1970 album Sunflower.
The tune was written by William Weatherspoon, Paul Riser, and James Dean, and the recording was produced by Weatherspoon and William "Mickey" Stevenson.
In 2009, the single was listed at number 24 in Billboard's Hot 100 Songs of the Decade.
"How Many Ways" was co-written by Braxton herself and sampled the song "God Make Me Funky" by The Headhunters featuring Pointer Sisters.
Held and released in January 1984 as the third single from Dead or Alive's debut album Sophisticated Boom Boom.
The song was the first written for the Smile project.
"Strange Relationship" is the second solo single released by Australian singer Darren Hayes from his debut studio album Spin.
The promo video for the song was directed by Jean-Baptiste Mondino and features the boxer Jake LaMotta.
However, the single was nominated for a Grammy Award in the category of Best Male Pop Vocal Performance.
The black-and-white music video, directed by Giuseppe Capotondi, was shot in Paris, France.
The video featured three families, who, according to Shinoda, "share the same sense of loneliness as this song."
's seventh studio album Out of Time in 1991.
A remix of the song features R&B singer Avant.
Many people have seen the song as promotional towards the chains, and see it as more of an advert than a song.
Domino was enthusiastic about the number and made a few modifications to it, including adding a quote from his earlier hit, "Ain't That A Shame".
The recording was credited to Jackie Brenston and his Delta Cats, who were actually Ike Turner's Kings of Rhythm.
Carey quickly recorded the song at the very last minute prior to when her debut album was already "completed" and being processed for release.
6 on the Billboard Hot 100 the week of April 22, 1978, making it Kansas's only top ten Billboard Hot 100 charting single.
It was written by Chrissie Hynde in collaboration with the songwriting team of Tom Kelly and Billy Steinberg.
"Santa Looked a Lot Like Daddy" is a Christmas song co-written and recorded by Buck Owens.
The song was released on 14 July 2003 as the fourth and final single from the album.
An accompanying music video was directed by Michael Haussman, where the story line served as a sequel to Madonna's previous music video for "Take a Bow".
It was released on April 22, 1998.
The song is about how money interferes with personal relationships.
Repeatedly arrested, he underwent several internal exiles.
Taylor composed the song on guitar, playing feedback noises during the break.
It was released as the second single from their 10th studio album, "Brigade."
The B-Side "Me And Your Mother" was also featured on Willis' debut album as a hidden track
It became a major hit and signature song for Dean Martin in 1953.
"The Stones I Throw" was the A-side to the 1965 single by Levon and the Hawks, released on Atco Records.
It was featured on the soundtrack to the movie Angus in 1995.
In 1997, "Search and Destroy" was remixed and remastered by Pop and Bruce Dickinson.
"How Will I Know" is a song recorded by American recording artist Whitney Houston for her eponymous debut album, which was released in February 1985.
1, a position it held for five non-consecutive weeks.
In 1969, The Sandpipers recorded an album of the same name including the song.
It went on to become the eighth best-selling single of 1984 in the UK, despite being banned on BBC Radio 1 because it "was not credible".
This song is the official track from the Vuelta Ciclista a España 2006.
The song's accompanying video was directed by Anthony Mandler, and shot in Miami and the Florida Keys.
On the rival Cashbox chart, it reached No.
The popularity of the song earned Shawnna her first platinum certification as a solo artist by the RIAA on December 14, 2006.
"Chemical World" is a song by English alternative rock band Blur, featured on their second album Modern Life Is Rubbish.
He still loves her but it just won't work.
This recording was released by Mercury Records as catalog number 70878, with the flip side The Strangest Romance.
4, thus making it the group's only Irish Top 10 hit.
69 in the US Billboard Hot 100 and later reaching No.
"You Look So Fine" closed either the main set or encore at every headlining show Garbage performed on the two-year-long Version 2.0 world tour.
It peaked at a number 52 in Billboard and number 46 in Cash Box.
In 1961, Ray Charles recorded another instrumental version for his album "The Genius After Hours".
The "Suck My Kiss" single was released in 1992 as an airplay single in the US and as a physical single in Australia.
"All You Zombies" is a song by The Hooters.
It became the Human League's most commercially successful single in nine years and reintroduced the band to many of the British general public.
The song first appeared on REO Speedwagon's 1984 album Wheels Are Turnin'.
"Devil in His Heart" is a song written by Richard Drapkin, who recorded under the name Ricky Dee.
The song reached number three in the United States and number four in the United Kingdom.
Infinity Eighteen Vol.1 is the second studio album of Japanese recording artist Ami Suzuki, released on February 9, 2000 through True Kiss Disc.
I Did It Again" received positive reviews from music critics, who noted similarities to her debut single "...Baby One More Time".
He recorded the song in 1937 during his last recording session and in 1939 it was issued as the last of his original 78 rpm records.
The song was first released on 1 August 2005 and reached number 39 in the UK Singles Chart.
The song features vocals from British musician and Radiohead member Thom Yorke.
It was their first single with new member Mariama Goodman.
It is recognized as the single for the song "Rattled by the Rush", the first single from the band's third album, Wowee Zowee.
The song was used in a Dell commercial.
Although credited to the whole band, it was largely written by their drummer Roger Taylor, and is the eighth track on the band's 1991 album Innuendo.
The song is noted for its false ending at 2:26.
"Shoplifters of the World Unite" is a song by The Smiths.
"Check Yo Self" is the second hit single from Ice Cube's third solo album The Predator.
Roads, public squares, parks and beaches are typically considered public space.
The lyrics are a mild satire on the style and antics of the players involved: "old Willie Thorne; his hair's all gone" for example.
The song also appeared in the 1998 film Halloween H20: 20 Years Later.
It draws on earlier blues songs and has inspired many subsequent versions, including hits by Ray Charles, Rufus and Carla, and James Brown.
The song is also featured on the 2006 compilation album, The Acoustic Album, and the 2007 compilation, The Saturday Sessions: The Dermot O'Leary Show.
"I Can Hear Music" is a song written by Jeff Barry, Ellie Greenwich and Phil Spector for American girl group the Ronettes in 1966.
The song was originally a ballad named "On the Wings of Eagles", written by Adrian Smith.
"I Think I'm Paranoid" is a song written, performed and produced by Garbage and was the second single released from their second album Version 2.0.
The violin riffs that accompany the main beat are sampled from the opening theme to Alfred Hitchcock's 1960 film Psycho, composed by Bernard Herrmann.
Noteworthy is the fact that Loverboy keyboardist Doug Johnson does not appear in the song's music video.
The song explores the issue of teen pregnancy and its effect on young mothers and their families.
"Sex and Candy" is a song released by American alternative rock group Marcy Playground.
The song grew out of Southern California and spread across the United States over the winter of 1954–55.
She makes amends with her mother and gets better and better at school.
This revised edit features a different cross fade and different edit points as compared to the original 1987 edit version.
Billboard Hot 100, and was also the band's first number one in its native country.
It is also the title song for the Disney Channel Original Movie Return to Halloweentown.
"Tears on My Pillow" is a doo-wop song written by Sylvester Bradford and Al Lewis in 1958.
"Hit the Freeway" is a song by the American recording artist Toni Braxton, released as the lead-single from her fourth studio album, More Than a Woman.
Minogue promoted "Cowboy Style" by performing it on her Intimate and Live Tour from June to August 1998.
It was more successful in the United Kingdom, on the R&B charts at #1 where it peaked.
The song is a parody of the false concept that Eminem is the lead singer of the "band" D12.
The song was first released via digital download on January 28, 2005.
It also reached #6 in the UK.
It was the German entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1969.
"Strange Magic" is a song written and performed by the Electric Light Orchestra.
It also reached number one on Billboard's Top Rock Tracks chart, holding the top spot for six weeks.
Released in 1981, the album is a follow-up to their highly successful album Back in Black.
"Happy New Year" is a song by Swedish group ABBA from their 1980 album Super Trouper.
Cohn reached number 13 in 1991 on the Billboard Hot 100 chart.
This single is from her debut album, Broken & Beautiful.
It also reached #58 on the Billboard Hot 100 and #51 on the Australian Singles Chart.
The song has a mellow, slow-paced mood - the lyrics suggest an on/off relationship with a woman.
It was written by Winston L. Moore and was published in 1952.
Presley said the song originated when a man was dying and his wife was sitting by his bedside.
It was later included on the American Are You Experienced album, released in August 1967.
In concert, Glitter merged both into one performance.
The song, a midtempo ballad, was released as a single that reached No.
", is a song by David Bowie, first released in 1971 on the album Hunky Dory and also released as a single.
In 2004 the original finished at #38 in AFI's 100 Years...100 Songs survey of top tunes in American cinema.
In mixed martial arts competitions, no time count is given after a knockdown, as the sport allows submission grappling as well as ground and pound.
The song was named the 158th best track of the 1990s by Pitchfork Media.
The singer decided to work with producer David Foster, who co-wrote and produced three songs with Madonna in September 1995.
"Don't Cry" is a power ballad by the hard rock band Guns N' Roses, two versions of which were released simultaneously on different albums.
"Niap" is a re-recording of the song "Pain" from the band's first EP Use Your Nose.
"What a Waster" is the first single from The Libertines.
It samples the chorus and instrumentation of Stevie Wonder's 1976 song "Pastime Paradise".
The song was well received by critics and peaked at number 30 on the Billboard Hot 100 and number 18 on the UK Singles Chart.
Both of those songs are featured in the video game Rock Band 2.
Its lyrics explore feelings of longing from an abandoned lover's point of view.
It topped the charts in Australia, Canada, Ireland, Italy, New Zealand and peaked at number six on the US Billboard Hot 100.
"A Perfect Match" was A-Teens' third and final single from their third album New Arrival.
The song was written as a duet, with the Pogues' singer MacGowan taking the role of the male character and MacColl the female character.
The song features guitar work from fellow Matchbox Twenty member Kyle Cook.
It is the second single from their album Happiness and Disaster, their second album with EMI Canada.
In 2013, Dion performed a capella snippets of the song both as an introduction and as an outro for her Sans attendre Tour concerts.
The group recorded a demo of the song while considering material for their 1968 double album, The Beatles.
It was released as a stand-alone single in November 1973 with the song "Ho, Ho, Ho" as the B-side.
The Wailers performed the song on The Old Grey Whistle Test in 1973 during their first trip to the UK.
26 - Sci-Fi Sound Effects titled "The Core, A Huge Evergrowing Pulsating Brain which Rules from the Centre of Ultraworld".
"All Those Years Ago" is a song by English musician George Harrison, released as a single from his 1981 album Somewhere in England.
A live version of the song also reached the Billboard Hot 100 chart in 1977, peaking at No.
"Don't Call Me White" is a 7" single by NOFX featuring two songs from Punk in Drublic.
"You've Been in Love Too Long" is a 1965 dance single recorded by Motown girl group Martha and the Vandellas.
This version met with moderate success, placing on the Billboard Hot 100 at number 65.
This single is a cover of the theme song to a famous children's puppet show from the 1960s, called Hyokkori Hyoutanjima.
It won the Grammy Award for Record of the Year.
It was also released as a single in the United States, but it did not chart.
"No Ordinary Love" is a song by English band Sade from their fourth studio album Love Deluxe.
That year it was placed at #31 on John Peel's Festive Fifty.
"Touch, Peel and Stand" is known for its raw, acoustic feel and maintains considerable radio play to this day.
Peter Perrett, from the English new wave band The Only Ones, supplied guitar and backing vocals.
It was released in October 1993 on the German label Dance Pool.
"Falling Away from Me" is a song by American band Korn.
This song was used the last ending theme of the Doraemon 1979 anime.
"Merry Christmas from BoA" was a digital single released by BoA to commemorate Christmas.
The song went to number-one in Canada and made the top ten on the UK Singles Chart in 1990.
"Calling You" is a song from the 1987 movie, Bagdad Café.
The song was a big chart hit in the United Kingdom, reaching number three in March 1978.
Kokoro no Wakusei ~Little Planets~ was used as the first ending theme for the anime The Law of Ueki.
Many others have recorded and performed the song subsequently, notably hit versions by George Thorogood in the 1980s and Travis Tritt in the '90s.
The song captures many of the sounds and beats for which ZZ Top is famous.
"Hard to Explain" is the first single from New York garage rock band The Strokes.
The song was written single-handedly by Mutt Lange, making it one of the very few singles in which Twain did not co-write.
The deadpan intro by singer Dave Vanian parodied the 1964 Shangri-Las song "Leader of the Pack".
The song's lyrics were written by Pete Brown, its music by Jack Bruce.
The song's music video, directed by Tomorrow's Brightest Minds, depicts the band members as ghosts haunting a family in a house.
Since the initial debacle in 2006, Yankovic has occasionally reached out to Blunt and his label to see if he can release the song on compilations.
"Memory of a Free Festival" is a 1970 single by David Bowie.
"All You Need Is Love" is a song by the English rock band the Beatles that was released as a non-album single in July 1967.
12 which was lower than their prior single, "The Only Difference Between Martyrdom and Suicide Is Press Coverage" which peaked at No.
The CD single was released in Europe with the harsher profanity removed.
It is the opening track and the second single from their 1976 album A Day at the Races.
"She's Out of My Life" is a song written by American songwriter Tom Bahler and performed by American recording artist Michael Jackson.
The song had originally been written and recorded for the duo's 1994 studio album Crash!
All versions combined propelled the tune to No 2 on the Cash Box charts that year.
It ties in with the slightly more upbeat "Letitgo".
In December 2011 a silver glitter vinyl single limited to 500 pieces was released including the songs Happy New Year and The Way Old Friends Do.
Billboard Hot 100, representing Parton's first significant pop crossover hit.
Another studio guitarist, Mike Deasy, provided the acoustic lead guitar parts.
Some key lyrics derived from a speech given by the Pan-Africanist orator Marcus Garvey entitled "The Work That Has Been Done".
"Black Hole Sun" is a song by the American rock band Soundgarden.
It was the second Christian radio single.
"Blurry Eyes" is the second single by L'Arc-en-Ciel, released on October 21, 1994 it reached number 22 on the Oricon chart.
It was written by Jeneya Carr and Audius Mtawarira, who also produced the song.
"Sparrow in the Treetop" is a popular song written by Bob Merrill.
The German techno band Scooter made a half-cover of the song, entitled "The Avenger's Back", on their 2004 album Mind the Gap.
Throughout the song's bridge and climax, critics noted the lyrics altering from those of a friend, to those of a lover.
Despite it being the third single, it was the only single released in time for the album, the previous two were released months before.
Walk Together, Rock Together is the third studio album by punk band 7 Seconds.
The new version was sung by Ibrahim Ferrer, and renamed "Latin Simone".
"shine more" is Namie Amuro's 22nd solo single under the Avex Trax label following her stint with R&B project, Suite Chic.
Just Blaze originally produced the song for Ghostface Killah.
It was the second single and the lead international single released from their fifth album, Machina/The Machines of God.
It is also featured in the Sports spoof movie The Comebacks.
The single was released in October 1991 and was a smash hit across Europe.
While producing the track, Durst encouraged the band to return to the more aggressive sound of their earlier albums for Antipop.
Mathis' version of the song was also released as a single by Columbia Records in November 1957, and reached No.
It was the first single released to promote the group's Greatest Hits Collection in 1988.
"Let It Shine" was the last single released from Agnetha Fältskog's third English language solo album I Stand Alone.
The song was released as a single from the film's soundtrack album.
"Dance with Me" received international acclaim and has been performed in different versions, including a special Walt Disney version and a Spanish version "Baila Conmigo."
A cover by AlunaGeorge is a bonus track on their debut studio album Body Music.
"Heart-Shaped Box" is a song by American rock band Nirvana, written by vocalist and guitarist Kurt Cobain.
2 on the Billboard Hot 100 for a week, stuck behind "Windy" by The Association.
"Flashdance... What a Feeling" is a song from the 1983 film Flashdance, written by Giorgio Moroder, Keith Forsey, and Irene Cara, and performed by Cara.
This version was re-released by Sony in 2003, after being featured in the film Cheaper by the Dozen, which starred Williams's Smothers Brothers protégé, Steve Martin.
In 2003, the song received a nomination for a Grammy Award for Best Female Pop Vocal Performance.
Written by lead singer and pianist Freddie Mercury, the track was recorded for their third album Sheer Heart Attack.
In Denmark, the song debuted at number one and went on to become the best-selling single of 2000, with sales of 32,765 copies.
A version of the song with different lyrics is used in Cool Whip commercials.
In 1986 it was covered by The Rolling Stones on their album Dirty Work.
Produced by the duo and Roy Halee, it was released as the lead single from the album on March 21, 1969.
The single peaked at #94 on the Australian ARIA singles chart in 1988.
Billboard Hot 100 chart on August 2, 1986, remaining in that spot for two weeks.
It also reached number 10 in the Netherlands and in the UK in its 1995 re-release.
Because of its success, it appeared as the number one song on Billboard's list of Top 40 Adult Pop Songs from 1996–2011 on March 16, 2011.
Some pressings of the single credited Billy Karloff as a co-writer of "Dozen Girls".
It was used for the drama Border: Hanzaishinri Sōsa File.
She modeled for Italian fashion house Fiorucci, and hosted the MTV Japan show Breakdown.
"I Love Rocky Road" is a 1983 song by "Weird Al" Yankovic about a man's obsession with rocky road ice cream.
Since 2008 it has been preserved by the Library of Congress into the National Recording Registry.
"Vivons pour demain" is the third single from French singer Leslie's album, Mes Couleurs.
As of April 2017, the song had sold 880,000 copies in the UK.
The Veils are a London-based indie/alternative band fronted by lead singer and songwriter Finn Andrews.
It was released in January 2006 as the lead-off single to his second album If You're Going Through Hell.
It was released as the B-side to the 1984 single "Let's Go Crazy" and the 12" version of the 1986 single "Girls & Boys".
The song, although peaking one place lower than "Dance", became his biggest hit to date, spending four months within the UK top 75 singles chart.
The song reached number three in the UK Singles Chart, making it Catatonia's highest UK charting song.
"Angel of Harlem" is a song by Irish rock band U2.
"Odoro yo Honey" is Missile Innovation's debut single under the avex trax label.
The music video features a guest appearance by R&B singer Gerald Levert and was shot in Trey Songz's hometown of Petersburg, Virginia.
It depicts the band performing the song in a rehearsal and storage space, with parts shown in reverse.
The track was added to several UK playlists, including the B-List of BBC Radio 2, the A-List of BBC 6 Music, and XFM London's playlist.
The song also spent six months on the US Billboard Hot 100, and sold 800,000 copies in the US alone.
"SexyBack" was certified three-times platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America and three-times platinum by Canadian Recording Industry Association.
In July 2005, it reached number 2 on the Hot Dance Music/Club Play chart.
It was released on 19 June 2006 as the third and final single from their third studio album X.
The wheel is one of the main components of the wheel and axle which is one of the six simple machines.
Critics were very positive in their assessments of "New Slang", with many calling it one of the best songs from Oh, Inverted World.
The song also features on Clannad's vocalists's live albums, the 2005 album Óró - A Live Session and the 2008 Moya Brennan solo album Heart Strings.
The accompanying music video was directed by Vaughan Arnell.
A new version of the song was featured on Sum 41's greatest hits compilation, All the Good Shit.
"Bring It On Home" is a blues song written by American music arranger and songwriter Willie Dixon.
The vocal delivery is similar to that of "When Doves Cry", but more subtle.
"Lift Me Up" is a song by English singer-songwriter Geri Halliwell.
It was also named the 3rd best post-punk 7"'s ever made by Fact magazine.
"Qué Hiciste" is a song recorded by American singer Jennifer Lopez for her fifth studio album, Como Ama una Mujer.
"The Pretty Things Are Going to Hell" is a song written by David Bowie and Reeves Gabrels for the album Hours in 1999.
The first attempt at the song was set to the melody of their 1982 single, "Arthur Daley", but they decided to create an original tune instead.
It also reached number four in South Africa.
A Spanish-language version of the Pretty Woman recording was released on their 1996 compilation Baladas en español.
Released as a single in 2000, the song features Houston playing the former lover of Cox's current boyfriend.
The compilation was released in a single disc Standard Edition and two disc Limited Edition; the latter includes extended liner notes in book-sized packaging.
Carey re-recorded her vocals for the song's main remix titled "Thank God I Found You", which features vocals from Joe and Carey's label-mate, rapper Nas.
It was the lead single from their debut studio album, We Don't Need to Whisper, released on Geffen Records.
In fact, this faux pas is an urban legend.
For the nursery rhyme, see "Pop Goes the Weasel".
The record also saw a U.S. release on Rust.
The title came from a chapter in J.G.
"Vision of Love" features a slow-dance theme tempo and backing vocals sung by Carey herself, and introduces her usage of the whistle register.
The usage of Jewish religious texts and objects in the music video led to controversy, with Judaism scholars deeming it sacrilegious.
The song was released by Interscope on 2 October 2005 as the album's second single.
In 1992, thirteen years after its initial release, the track "Cool for Cats" was used in a British TV commercial for milk.
Its accompanying music video was directed by Dave Meyers, based on a concept by West.
"Life Got Cold" is a song by British girl group Girls Aloud, taken from their debut album Sound of the Underground.
Their follow-up hit a few months later, however, "Saturday Night," reached No.
Live versions of the song appeared on Walker's 1977 album, A Man Must Carry On and his 1980 album The Best of Jerry Jeff Walker.
The track was performed on the Hot Space Tour at a faster tempo, with a more rock-oriented arrangement.
It was the easiest lyric I could think of.
It was well received by music critics and was frequently cited as a highlight in the album.
"Three Little Pigs" is a song by the comedy heavy metal band Green Jellÿ, from the album Cereal Killer.
Billboard Hot 100 and spending two weeks at number 14 on Cash Box.
The music video was directed by Jake Nava.
"The Last of the Famous International Playboys" was the third single released by Morrissey.
Daily from her debut album Wild Child.
"Żałuję" is cover of song "Sama", originally sung by Serbian pop artist Ana Stanić and written by Mirko Vukomanovic.
Finally, in 1976 she recorded a disco version for her husband Bob Thiele's Signature imprint.
The artwork for the cover was photographed by Ellen Von Unwerth in 1991 for the British edition of Esquire.
It is her coronation song from American Idol.
"Janie Runaway" is the fourth single from Steely Dan's 2000 album Two Against Nature.
In Spain, Jackson performed the single on Jesús Hermida's television program along with her song "Playboy".
"I Could Never Love Another" is a single recorded by The Temptations and released on Motown Records' Gordy label during the spring of 1968.
The song was released internationally in July 1998, following up on the success of the band's prior hit, "Push It".
This version is shorter than the album version by one verse.
"Feel Good Time" was nominated for the 2004 Grammy Award for Best Pop Collaboration with Vocals.
The following year, on October 27, 2003, "What More Can I Give" was made available to the public by way of digital download for several days.
It was first recorded on December 8, 1932, by the Ray Noble Orchestra.
Maxi CD of the single, released on 12 November 2003, included 3 remixes and the radio edit of the single.
As a single, this song reached #5 on the Billboard Hot 100 singles chart and #1 on Cashbox magazine's Top 100 Singles chart.
Both versions are included on the album.
"Into Another" is a song by Skid Row.
On June 1, 2006 it was certified Gold by the RIAA.
In a 2007 interview with Pitchfork Media, Yorke stated that he did not like the song, saying "It's not bad... it's very bad".
"Sunshowers" was ranked 100 on Slant's "Best of the Aughts: Singles," its list of the top 100 singles of the decade.
A music video for the song received play on MTV and MTV Europe.
The song was a number one in the United Kingdom, and was also an international hit.
It reached the top of the U.S.
Madonna performed the song live on several award shows and during various appearances on television.
"Put Your Head on My Shoulder" became very successful, reaching number 2 on the Billboard Hot 100.
Porter composed the song between Kalabahi, Indonesia, and Fiji during a 1935 Pacific cruise aboard Cunard's ocean liner Franconia.
The song was first recorded on December 13, 1995, and was the first song on Load to be recorded.
In the book The Rough Guide to the Beatles, Chris Ingham praised both songs, describing "Venus and Mars" as "atmospheric" and "Rock Show" as "barnstorming".
Written and sung by bassist/vocalist Gene Simmons, the song is about an older man with a crush on a 16-year-old girl named Christine.
Both songs feature on their debut album, The Decline of British Sea Power, and this was the first single to be issued after its release.
The video for the title song was directed by Howard Greenhalgh, and is another big budget video by the band.
The title is an ironic reference to "Love Will Keep Us Together".
In a survey for dotmusic in 2000, respondents voted "Agadoo" as the fourth most annoying song of all time.
The first version of the song, recorded in February 1967, was included on Bowie's debut album.
The single's video, directed by Floria Sigismondi, was filmed aboard the RMS Queen Mary and premiered on VH1 on November 7.
It was released on 6 November 1991, just 18 days before the death of May's bandmate Freddie Mercury.
It charted at number 29 on the Australia ARIA charts.
As of 2015, it is Primus's second most-performed song live.
The lyrics of the song tell about a beautiful island and according to Madonna, was a tribute to the beauty of the Latin people.
"There Was a Time" is a song written and performed by James Brown.
While developing the Like a Prayer album, Madonna was in an emotional state of mind due to her personal problems, which is reflected in "Oh Father".
"Day Tripper" is a song by the Beatles that was released as a double A-side single with "We Can Work It Out" in December 1965.
It was released as their debut single on February 25, 1992 from their debut album No Doubt.
"Blister in the Sun" is a song by American alternative rock band Violent Femmes, originally released on their 1983 self-titled debut album.
It was also performed during Madonna's sixth concert tour, the Re-Invention World Tour, with Madonna alone on stage singing the song accompanied by an acoustic guitar.
Upon its release, "Bam Thwok" was a commercial success, debuting at number one on the very first release of the UK Download Chart.
The song received positive reviews from critics, who complimented Moore's mature vocals and the song's arrangement.
"Red Rubber Ball" is a pop song recorded by The Cyrkle, whose version reached #2 on the US Billboard Hot 100 and in New Zealand.
"Bootie Call" achieved chart success; topping the UK Singles Chart on 6 September 1998, and at the same time becoming the group's third consecutive number-one hit.
It was added to XFM London's playlist on 18 August 2006.
The single also performed well internationally; peaking within the top ten in The Netherlands and Ireland, and the top forty in Belgium and Sweden.
At the 1996 Grammy Awards, it won awards for Record of the Year, Song of the Year, and Best Male Pop Vocal Performance.
The music video for "Rhythm Nation" was directed by Dominic Sena, serving as the final inclusion in Jackson's long-form Rhythm Nation 1814 film.
The single includes a U-MYX application that allows the user to mix the track.
The single failed to chart on the Billboard Hot 100.
The song was released as a single in August 1976 and spent ten weeks on the UK Singles Chart, reaching a peak position of No.
repeatedly in the chorus, when Wonder sings "Jackson Five, sing along with me".
The song was featured in 21 Jump Street during the opening of the film.
The song was released in Australia by Parlophone as the lead single from the album on 17 September 2001.
The song had been premiered live in the UK during an appearance at the WOMAD Festival in July 1986.
Another version of the song was released on 7 June 2010, and reached #1 on the UK Upfront Club chart.
A video for the song was released 31 July 2006 and had its first play on Channel 4.
In 2010, G. Love and The Avett Brothers recorded the song as the title track of Fixin' to Die.
The song, a meditation on the American experience, is based on the melody of the hymn O Sacred Head, Now Wounded.
The song was produced by group members Robbie Chater and Darren Seltmann, under their production alias Bobbydazzler, for the group's debut album Since I Left You.
It was her first Top 40 chart hit in her native Canada, and the 50 millionth song purchased from the iTunes Store.
"Blue" is a hit song by the Italian music group Eiffel 65.
The song appears on the 2007 cast recording performed by Daniel Scott, Tony Sheldon, Jeremy Stanford and the Company.
No music video was made to accompany the song.
"How Could an Angel Break My Heart" is the fourth and final single from Toni Braxton's second studio album, Secrets.
"Where Are You Going" is the first single from Dave Matthews Band's album Busted Stuff.
Released in 1982, the song hit #6 for two weeks on the Billboard Hot 100 in April 1982.
It is the fourth track on the group's 1977 album Funkentelechy Vs. the Placebo Syndrome and was released as a two-part single in 1978.
It reached No.2 in the Irish Singles Chart in March 1965.
1988-2003 that the verse chords for the song "Imitation of Life" were unintentionally taken from the verse chords of "Driver 8."
"Win Some Lose Some" is a song by English recording artist Robbie Williams.
An acoustic version was recorded also and released on Alhambra as "The Grand Bazaar".
"21 Seconds" is a song by the UK garage act So Solid Crew.
The single mix of "Rhythm Bandits" is quite different from the album version, and is arranged into more of a surf rock style.
"Bela Lugosi's Dead" is a song by English post-punk band Bauhaus.
The line "And though it seems heaven sent/We ain't ready to have a black president" is used repeatedly as the chorus.
Billboard ranked it as the number 63 song for 1972.
Rolling Stone magazine ranked "She's Not There" number 297 on its list of the 500 Greatest Songs of All Time.
"When I Close My Eyes" is a song by Shanice, released as the first single from her fourth album, Shanice.
by Harry Slash & The Slash tones and "Don't Question My Heart"—an in house written track—the two times it was replaced.
It was featured on an episode of the second season of the teen drama One Tree Hill and in the movie Boy Eats Girl.
The single was released on October 5, 2004 in Canada, where it became the fastest-selling 2004 release.
"Tripping Billies" is a song by the Dave Matthews Band, released as the fifth single from the album Crash.
This is usually a result of the system failing to function because of an unplanned event, or because of routine maintenance.
During the end credits on A Day Before Tomorrow, the orchestral/instrumental version of "Kuolema Tekee Taiteilijan" is audible.
The commercial single was issued 1 May 2006 in France and Switzerland.
"A Pessimist Is Never Disappointed" became one of the band's most popular songs, peaking at #27 on the UK Singles Chart.
The song's title for Hounds of Love and all subsequent releases was "Running Up That Hill."
It was the first single from the album of the same name, released on May 10, 1990.
The clip features rapper Kanye West, who appears on the album's previous single, "Knock You Down".
"My Doorbell" by the American alternative rock band The White Stripes is the second single from their album Get Behind Me Satan.
"I Touch Myself" is a song written and recorded by the Australian rock band Divinyls.
It was covered by Billy "Crash" Craddock in 1973 reaching #33, and more successfully by Donna Fargo reaching #3 in 1977.
This higher position was taken by the Most Played by Disc Jockeys chart.
It received a Grammy Award nomination for Best Female Pop Vocal Performance at the 2008 Grammy Awards but lost to Amy Winehouse's "Rehab".
The song was used in the 2013 film Prisoners.
Nova Heart was re-released as a 30th Anniversary Edition CD on March 26, 2012.
Numerous versions of the song were released as singles between 1989 and 1992.
"Flick of the Switch" is a single by the Australian rock band AC/DC, from the album Flick of the Switch, released in 1983.
Receiving critical acclaim also, "Nature Boy" helped to introduce Cole to a wider audience, especially the white music market, and generated royalties for ahbez.
The song was remixed and edited at Motown's Hollywood-based recording studios in 1973.
However, it was featured as a bonus track on the 1997 CD re-issue.
to receive almost unanimously positive reviews from critics.
The song was also performed on some promotional appearances, including at the 2006 Billboard Music Awards.
The challenging sound on the single was not characteristic of the popular Britpop bands of the time.
The song faced controversy when Madonna performed it on her 2006 Confessions Tour wearing a crown of thorns while hanging on a giant mirrored cross.
It was written by Steve Harris and Paul Di'Anno.
Reception toward "Never Learn to Love" is often mixed, considering its sinister background, but music critics credit Manson's rendition as his most accomplished work.
The "Fairground Remix" version is featured on the single.
"Cater 2 U" received mixed reviews from music critics who, despite generally praising its composition and the group members' vocal performances, criticized the lyrical content.
The song was released on 18 July.
"See It in a Boy's Eyes" was the fourth single from British R&B singer Jamelia's second album, Thank You.
The song was also released on Kim's album J'aime la vie in 1986.
The song was also covered by punk/goth band The Nuns on their 2003 album New York Vampires.
"Hyper Hyper" is a song by the German band Scooter.
The sequel to "Excuse Me Miss" was "La-La-La" with a noticeably darker beat and lyrics and was also produced by The Neptunes.
Frankie Lymon recorded a version of the tune, reaching No.
In 2015, the song was voted by the British public as the nation's 13th favourite 1980s number one in a poll for ITV.
AllMusic journalist Donald A. Guarisco described the song in a retrospective review, as being "a lilting epic".
The song is one of four on the album to be produced by hip-hop producer Dr. Dre, with co-production from frequent collaborator Mike Elizondo.
The song samples "I Want'a Do Something Freaky to You" by Leon Haywood.
He premiered it at Lollapalooza 1995, in a version very similar to its incarnation on Odelay.
"I Don't Wanna Dance" is a song written by Tim Finn and recorded by Split Enz for their 1981 album, Waiata.
After its release as a single, it became one of Bland's biggest hits and most identifiable songs.
"Too Sad To Live" is an outtake from the "Fallen" album sessions.
Outside the United States, the song achieved a similar lack of success in most countries.
Released as the album's first single in 2001, the track reached number seven on the US Billboard Hot 100 chart.
There, Anghel sung it fourth, following Malta's "Chiara" with Angel and preceding the Norwegian entry.
It was produced by American record producer Ron Aniello and was mixed by Brendan O'Brien.
To further promote "Cater 2 U", Destiny's Child performed the song during several televised appearances and at the 2005 BET Awards.
It was first performed in 1991 and has been performed over 1000 times as of July 2015.
The song was released in April 2001 in Russia.
The music video was the second part of a series directed by Sophie Muller.
It features Twain in various performance scenes, along with behind-the-scenes shots.
Since its release, the song has been covered by a number of artists.
"It's All in the Game" was a 1958 hit for Tommy Edwards.
It features the reunited Dogg Pound named DPGC with original first line-up that include Snoop and Nate Dogg.
The version of "Breaking the Law" is also the first official version released to feature K.K.
It narrowly missed the Top 40 on the UK Singles Chart, peaking at #41.
It received a Gold certification from the RIAA in 1974 and popularized disco music.
"Waiting for the Sirens' Call" is a single released in 2005 by the group New Order.
It was released in September 1990 as the second single from their album Extra Mile.
"Say It Loud – I'm Black and I'm Proud" was Brown's first recording to feature trombonist Fred Wesley.
It is a parody of the hip hop song "Gangsta's Paradise" by Coolio featuring L.V..
"Love's Got a Hold on My Heart" is a song by Steps, which became a hit in the United Kingdom.
The song was featured in the videogame Dead or Alive Xtreme Beach Volleyball.
Outside the United Kingdom, the single peaked within the top ten of the charts in Australia, Canada and the United States.
"Don't Give It Up" was the third single and final single taken from British R&B singer Lemar's second album Time to Grow.
Joyce and Telma would later go on to form the group Tony Orlando & Dawn.
Though Newton never released the song as a single, her remake was later added as a bonus track to her first Greatest Hits collection.
Internationally, the song was a success, reaching the top ten in Australia, Belgium, Canada and Italy while topping the charts in Spain.
It was dedicated in loving memory of Joseph Caruana who died in an accident on 19 December 2001.
The Dutch band Clan of Xymox released a version of the song in 1994 on their album Headclouds.
The music contains classical music devices that are unusual for a rock song, such as bitonality and ritardando.
The B-side song "Fuck U" is a cover of a song by electro/alternative rock band Archive.
Another distaff version was released by Timi Yuro in 1964.
"The Masses Against the Classes" is a song by Manic Street Preachers, released as a limited-edition single in January 2000.
It was released in July 1996 as the seventh single from her album The Woman in Me.
"Uncle Pat" is a song by Ash, released as the third single from their album Trailer, released on 17 October 1994.
"King Tim III" is a 1979 song by the Fatback Band from the disco album XII.
Notably, it can be employed sarcastically to indicate that someone, e.g.
It is placed as the 5th song with the best pop-punk chorus.
Already a success at U.S. radio, the release of the single prompted a Billboard Hot 100 debut at number two.
The first one is the album version found on Counting Down the Days while the second one is the single version found on the CD single.
The single was released on 29 November 2005.
It was released on 13 December 2004 by Ten Fingers.
It uses a circus theme as a metaphor for dealing with the difficulties and wrong choices of life.
The single was the band's most successful, reaching number 82 on the Billboard Hot 100 and number 92 on the UK Singles Chart.
magazine described it as "a lovely, moving song with Dylan-like 20-syllabal lines deckful of well chosen words."
Another common practice is to identify each downtime event as having an operational, electrical or mechanical origin.
The lyrics of the first verse also appeared as Super Hans' wedding vows in the second episode of the ninth series of Peep Show.
"You Learn" is a song by Canadian singer-songwriter Alanis Morissette from her third studio album, Jagged Little Pill.
It was the first single from the album, released in 2003 in Australia and the United Kingdom, and in 2004 in the United States.
The song was released on the American studio album Kinks-Size.
It can be seen as expressing mourning over the loss of a loved person.
Madonna's relationship with her father had soured, after her mother's death in 1963 and his remarriage two years later.
Additionally, the song was performed at Princess Diana's memorial service in September 1997.
The song was written by Lynda Thomas and performed by Dulce María.
It was the first hit of 10 for Wonder on the Billboard charts.
"Sing for the Moment" is a song by American rapper Eminem from his fourth album The Eminem Show.
Michael Cretu described Voyageur's genre as "sophisticated pop".
The B-side song "Hardly Wait" is a cover of a PJ Harvey song.
"John the Revelator"/"Lilian" is the second double A-side single by Depeche Mode and their forty-fourth single overall, released on 5 June 2006.
It also reached the top twenty in a number of other countries, including Australia, Austria, Finland, Germany, the Netherlands, Spain and Switzerland.
It also topped the Billboard R&B chart for four weeks, becoming Presley's second single to do so, and peaked at No.
The song was featured in the soundtrack to the film, Urban Legend.
"Long White Cross" is a single by Pluto released in 2005.
The music video shows Clarke and Bell performing the song in a large, white room, which gets painted blue as the video progresses.
The music video was released in 1992.
The chorus music and guitar solos were written by Gilmour while Waters contributed the lyrics and the music for the verses.
The track has appeared regularly on lists of the best songs of all time, including Rolling Stone's 500 Greatest Songs of All Time.
"The Spirit of Radio" is a song released in 1980 by the Canadian rock band Rush from their album Permanent Waves.
"(I've Had) The Time of My Life" is a 1987 song composed by Franke Previte, John DeNicola, and Donald Markowitz.
The overall impact of the song probably fell just below the top ten.
The title track and B-side "Closer Now" are two of the few songs credited to lead singer Tom Chaplin that have appeared on official releases.
Movie trailers featuring the song include Dogma, Inspector Gadget, Spy Kids, and Chicken Run.
"Gangsta Lovin'" is the lead single from Eve's third studio album, Eve-Olution.
"Have You Ever" was a single released by UK pop group S Club 7 on 19 November 2001.
The song features American singer-songwriter and "Godmother of Punk" Patti Smith performing backing vocals.
"Duke of Earl" is a 1962 US number-one song, originally by Gene Chandler.
The song has since gained "classic" status and featured on numerous compilations.
"Shock the Monkey" is a 1982 song by English rock musician Peter Gabriel.
"I Just Can't Be Happy Today" is a song by the Damned from their 1979 album, Machine Gun Etiquette.
"The Logical Song" is a song by the English rock band Supertramp.
"Girl's Not Grey" was released to radio on February 4, 2003.
"I Write the Songs" is a popular song written by Bruce Johnston in 1975 and made famous by Barry Manilow.
The single debuted at number 95 and climbed into the Top 20 at number 17 on the Billboard Hot 100.
"Jesus of Suburbia" is a song by American punk rock band Green Day.
"State of Shock" charted at number 3 on the US Billboard Hot 100 and number 14 on the UK Singles Chart.
The song peaked at number 13 on the Billboard Pop Chart, and was a number-one hit on the Billboard R&B charts for eight non-consecutive weeks.
An extended mix was also produced, notable in which the lyrics begin after a 4:00 instrumental intro.
"Hand on Your Heart" received positive reviews from most music critics, who deemed it a highlight from the album and praised it as a strong single.
The B-side features Yoko Ono's "O' Sanity"; both are on the Milk and Honey album.
The re-recorded version was at first released on the band's 1985 self-titled album as the album's second single and reached No.
"Look at Her" is a song by R&B group One Chance.
On August 20, the song entered the UK Top 75 at #61, based solely on download sales.
"You Make Loving Fun" is a song written and sung by Christine McVie of the British-American band Fleetwood Mac.
As a member of humanity and as a Muslim, this is my contribution to the call for a peaceful solution."
An uptempo dance music track, the song displays signature synthesizer programming by band member Vince Clarke.
I feel the earth - move - under my feet
The single peaked at #73 in the UK Singles Chart.
British trance artist Chicane, used a sample of this song in his 2006 release "Wake Up".
The song was certified Gold by the Australian Recording Industry Association and the Canadian Recording Industry Association.
"Disremembrance" is a song written by David Green and Ian Masterson for Dannii Minogue's third studio album Girl.
Each individual original track has appeared on Hamasaki's greatest hits albums, such as A Best and A Complete: All Singles.
"Like a Virgin" was chosen for Madonna by Michael Ostin of Warner Bros. Records after listening to a demo sung by Kelly.
"Who Am I" entered the UK Official Download Chart on 12 April 2006, due to individual album tracks being available to download.
During the middle eight, a distorted voice even explains a method for this: "Visualize your dream.
Different sleeves were used to package this single and the live picture sleeve is now a collector's item.
Massive Attack themselves recorded a second version of the song renamed "Fake The Aroma" on "The Help Album", a compilation album for the charity War Child.
It also reached number one on the UK Singles Chart.
It delivered moderate commercial success and aided in Suicidal's transition from a punk metal band to a thrash metal one.
The single was released on July 16, 1991.
Young performed it on the penultimate episode to accompany a video montage recapping the season.
They're just friends giving you advice, looking out for your best interest but not really understanding what's going to be best for you.
It was recorded by Joe Cocker and Jennifer Warnes for the smash 1982 film An Officer and a Gentleman.
These discordant passages and the black comedy of the theme made the song a stage favourite.
The song ranked at number 83 in Pitchfork Media's list of the Top 500 Tracks of the 2000s.
The B-side song is a live recording of "I Got Chills" from a performance at the Three Clubs in Hollywood.
The Commander's Croft version of "Carrion" is the one featured on the album.
It first charted on the Billboard Hot 100 on November 15, 1975, reaching the top of the chart nine weeks later, on January 17, 1976.
Musicians mentioned in the sleeve notes: Don Henley, Danny Kortschmar, Steve Madaio, David Paich, Pino Palladino, Jeff Porcaro, Take 6, Jai Winding.
The music video "Get it On" is directed by the Norwegian artist Crispin Gurholt
Bassist John Taylor told the crowd: "We lost a dear friend of ours this year – English composer John Barry.
The song has been covered by numerous artists, from The Jimi Hendrix Experience and The Rolling Stones to The Wailers and Green Day.
Rihanna's "Watch n' Learn" was likened to the song, and it was also covered by Japanese singer Hitomi Shimatani as "Papillon".
It was also made available as a downloadable, playable track for the music video game series Rock Band as part of the Bonnaroo Pack.
The song features Wayne Shorter on saxophone.
It was also included on LeAnn Rimes' Greatest Hits album as well as her Best of album.
The song has been used for films, television and adverts, and has been covered by several artists.
It was released as his fourth single, along with the track "You and I".
The song was released on October 14, 2002 as Timberlake's debut solo single, following the break-up of 'NSYNC earlier that year.
Side B is the sad story of a girl who cannot find love and ends up committing suicide.
It did better in other parts of the world, peaking at no.
The song was written by the band's lead singer Matt Thiessen in 2001.
"Everyone Else Has Had More Sex Than Me" is a song by the Australian alternative rock band TISM.
It was co-written and co-produced by frequent producer Jermaine Dupri and No I.D.
The track was produced by the Gibb brothers and David Foster.
"C'est la nuit" is a single from Khaled's album Kenza.
It was released on 24 April 2006 as the lead single from their fourth studio album, Eyes Open.
"Big Gun" is a song by AC/DC.
Dr. Luke and Max Martin produced the song.
To promote the single, it appeared on several remix and greatest hits compilation albums released by Hamasaki.
"Is This Love" is the debut single by English singer-songwriter Aiden Grimshaw, who finished ninth in the seventh series of The X Factor in 2010.
The catalogue code for this single is AVDT-20009.
The Mickalka sisters co-wrote the song with Antonina Armato and Tim James of production duo Rock Mafia, who also produced the track.
It was released before First Priority Music inked a distribution deal with Atlantic Records.
"Rock Lobster" was the band's first single to appear on the Billboard Hot 100, where it reached No.
The song also features hip hop group Styles of Beyond.
The song was composed by Richard Kerr and Will Jennings and produced by Arista labelmate Barry Manilow.
Snoop Dogg performs the chorus and the second and third verses, while Pharrell performs the first verse.
In April 2008, the song was rated No.
"Christmas at Ground Zero" is an original song by "Weird Al" Yankovic, the tenth and final track on his 1986 album, Polka Party!
It was also included on his compilation album, The Revolution Will Not Be Televised.
"Here Is the News" is a 1982 song written and performed by Electric Light Orchestra.
"My Way" is a song popularized in 1969 by Frank Sinatra.
It sold just below its 300,000 restricted copies, and was certified Gold by the Recording Industry Association of Japan for shipments of 200,000 units.
This was actually intended to be the intro to the next track, "The Prince".
It was written by Tamara Savage and Jermaine Dupri, featuring production and additional vocals from the latter.
It was also released as a single – first in Australia in October 1976 with "R.I.P."
The music video produced for the song was Osbourne's first.
It peaked at number fifty-eight on the U.S. pop chart, seventeen on the R&B chart, and thirty on the dance chart.
The song was written by Twain and her then-husband, Robert John "Mutt" Lange.
Despite its success, the single has often been cited by the band as one of their least favourite and is rarely played live.
The single enjoyed less commercial success compared with the previous singles from the album and was omitted from the band's Greatest Hits album.
They played it in their live shows from 1980-82.
"Dream Lover" is a song written by Bobby Darin and recorded by him on April 6, 1959.
"Classical Gas" is an instrumental musical piece composed and originally performed by Mason Williams with instrumental backing by members of the Wrecking Crew.
"Keep Their Heads Ringin'" is a single by American rapper Dr. Dre featuring vocalist Nanci Fletcher, taken from the soundtrack of the movie Friday.
It was released as the lead single from Grimshaw's debut album Misty Eye which was released 20 August 2012.
The video was shot and produced in London; diving equipment supply, supervision and dressing was provided by Michael Last and Jeff Grey.
In September 2015, the Beatles donated the use of their recording of the song to People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals for a television commercial.
"We Ride" is a hip hop and soul song.
It was covered by Rage Against the Machine and released as a single in 2000.
was named Country Recording of the Year.
In 2004, Rolling Stone ranked "Penny Lane" at number 456 on its list of the 500 Greatest Songs of All Time.
Becoming a big hit peaking at No.
"Doesn't Really Matter" is an electropop song which speaks about loving a person for who they are and disregarding their physical appearance.
The song also received a Grammy Award nomination for Best Dance Recording at the 2001 Grammy Awards.
It peaked at number 11 on the UK Singles Chart and 16 on the U.S.
Lightfoot drew his inspiration from Newsweek's article on the event, "The Cruelest Month", which it published in its November 24, 1975, issue.
The song first appeared as the soundtrack to the 2000 film adaption of Charlie's Angels, and was later included on the group's third studio album, Survivor.
15 on the US Billboard Modern Rock Tracks chart.
The single peaked at #21 in the UK Singles Chart.
The song samples "Stick 'Em" by The Fat Boys and "Midnight" by A Tribe Called Quest.
The song was covered by gnash for his 2016 EP, us.
"Still on It" was the first and only single from her remix album Collectables by Ashanti.
"How Do I Live" was also covered by F.I.R.. F.I.R.
Billboard ranked the record as the number four song for 1966.
Some of them complimented the production and its dance sound, whilst some noted that it didn't stand out among other tracks from Light Years.
The song failed to make impact on the Billboard Hot 100, however the single charted at number twenty-five on the Adult Contemporary chart.
The entire video is portrayed to be a dream sequence by Prince, dozing off in his dressing room.
It was first included on their second album A Present for Everyone in November 2003.
It was released as the album's fifth and final single in 2000.
It was ranked as the 81st-greatest rap song of all time by About.com and number 77 on VH1's 100 Greatest Songs of the 90s.
It was the album's first US and second UK single.
1 in Sweden, but was not successful in the rest of the world.
On Billboard's 1981 year-end charts, it came in as the twelfth-biggest pop and thirteenth-biggest AC hit of the year 1981.
The song was written by John Wozniak, executive produced by Jeff J.
It was released as a single and peaked at No.
The single also fared well in Germany, hitting number twelve.
In 1990, Dion covered another Sheena Easton's song, called "The Last to Know".
Polish jazz pianist Marcin Wasilewski and his trio included an instrumental version of the song on their 2008 ECM album January.
Although she has released R&B music in the past, this single marks her transition from a pop artist to an R&B artist.
It was a number 1 hit in France when recorded in French with new lyrics by Petula Clark entitled 'La Nuit N'en finit Plus'.
26 in the UK Singles Chart in 1986.
It was later sampled by R&B trio Total for their song "If You Want Me" off of their second album Kima, Keisha, and Pam.
Usher sampled the song in 2008 for his hit single "Love in This Club Part II", which features Beyoncé and Lil Wayne.
Allmusic critic Mark Deming describes the melody as "slow, slinky [and] sinister."
The song received heavy radio airplay, and an accompanying music video was shown frequently on television.
"Turbo Polka" is Atomik Harmonik's first world hit.
Televangelist Jimmy Swaggart and Tipper Gore's PMRC criticized the song when it was first released.
The song has since been covered several times by other artists.
"All The Things She Said" reached number twenty on the US Billboard Hot 100, the first Russian act to accomplish this.
The track failed commercially; several radio stations refused to play the song, and the video stiffed on MTV.
"California Über Alles" is a song by Dead Kennedys.
The song peaked at number six on the Billboard Hot Dance Club Play chart.
Blue Is the Colour is a football song associated with Chelsea Football Club.
There was, however, a German chain of gas stations called "Gasolin."
The single was extremely successful worldwide, hitting the Top Ten in nearly two dozen international markets and becoming a signature song for Houston.
"Totalimmortal" is a song by the rock band AFI.
"Nothing Compares 2 U" is a song written and composed by Prince for one of his side projects, The Family album by The Family band.
The program asks the user whether he or she wants to continue – repeatedly.
The song peaked at number 21 on the UK Singles Chart.
The video had been a rarity until 2003, when it was released on Animals Should Not Try to Act Like People.
This is possibly a reference to the notorious 1974 film Ilsa: She-Wolf of the SS.
The single was originally recorded as All Saints 1.9.7.5, without Natalie and Nicole Appleton but with original member Simone Rainford, before she left the band.
At the end of the song, the words "Off to never-never land" can be heard.
It was released in July 2000 as a single.
"How Will I Know" received mainly positive reviews.
They claimed they chose "One Vision" as the introduction song because its intro made a perfect concert introduction.
He was originally asked to stop playing it by White Records, home of Frente, who had not given permission for Hart to make the recording.
It was released on 7 February 1992 by Nettwerk in Canada.
In a 2001 Internet chat with fans, Jackson said that "Heal the World" is the song he was most proud to have created.
Commercially, "Video Killed the Radio Star" was also a success.
Backed with "The Numberer", as a single the song became a Top 10 hit in the UK, peaking at number four.
It became TLC's third number-one single and eighth top 10 single on the Billboard Hot 100.
"À Tout le Monde" is a song by American heavy metal band Megadeth, featured on their 1994 studio album Youthanasia.
The song was also used in "Weird Al" Yankovic's polka medley "The Alternative Polka" from his 1996 album Bad Hair Day.
One later version served as the title track of a 1987 album by Williams and the band Mannheim Steamroller.
Teresa Brewer, for instance, performed Domino's version of the folk song "Bo Weevil".
It hit #39 in the US and was their highest charting single and has since enjoyed success in several different radio formats.
"Yes It Is" is a song by the Beatles, released in 1965.
"Won't Get Fooled Again" is a song by the English rock band The Who, written by Pete Townshend.
Building on their success, the Irish rock band Thin Lizzy hit the Irish and British pop charts with the song in the early 1970s.
"Kore ga Watashi no Ikiru Michi" is the 2nd single released by the Japanese pop duo Puffy AmiYumi on October 7, 1996.
Since its release, the track has been covered by numerous artists working in a variety of musical genres.
This is a remixed version of the INXS song "Just Keep Walking."
"Nothing to Gein" is the third single released by the band Mudvayne.
Easton had released one single prior to "9 to 5": "Modern Girl".
The song was written by Mutt Lange and Shania Twain.
Bob Telson, the songwriter, also recorded his version.
"Vaya con Dios" is a popular song written by Larry Russell, Inez James, and Buddy Pepper, and first recorded by Anita O'Day in December 1952.
It was released in December 1989 as one of four singles from Myles' 1989 eponymous CD from Atlantic Records.
The video faced strong reaction in the media due to the paparazzi chase sequences, a scenario similar to Diana, Princess of Wales's death in 1997.
The music video for "End of the Line" was filmed after Roy Orbison's death in December 1988.
The song was featured on the soundtrack of the 2011 film Bridesmaids.
The second video was shot in a prison and contained video footage of multiple references to human rights abuses.
It is considered a fan favorite, and one of Manson's most critically acclaimed songs off one of the band's most critically acclaimed albums.
The music video for "Black and White Town" was filmed on the Summerston council estate in Glasgow.
Featuring pianist Ronnie Milsap and written by Eddie Rabbitt and Dick Heard, the single peaked at #16 on the pop charts.
"This Time Make It Funky" is a 1991 song by American singer–songwriter Tracie Spencer.
FabricLive.31 is a DJ mix compilation album by The Glimmers, as part of the FabricLive Mix Series.
The version used as the A-side is a radio edit of the LP Version, entitled the "London Apprentice Edit".
Singer Michael Stipe strove to make his lyrics the most romantic he had ever written, and the piano-driven ballad became R.E.M.
The chorus of the song is very similar to the original version, just with a different line "the juvenile" instead of "the goldeneye".
Other countries with international standing include Australia, Luxembourg, the United Kingdom and the United States.
It was their second single to top the Oricon chart.
A simple video featured Braxton wandering around in a white room wearing a white tanktop, blue jeans and a built up shoe.
The song was reportedly one of the tracks from the cancelled High album.
In 2005, Rush performed the song with Smith and Ed Robertson of Barenaked Ladies as part of a CBC telethon for the Canadian Tsunami Disaster Fund.
"Layla" was unsuccessful on its initial release.
Inexplicably it featured "Cool on Your Island" as tracks 2 and 3; the album and edit versions.
"I Have Nothing" also features on compilations like Whitney: The Greatest Hits and Whitney Houston Live: Her Greatest Performances.
A video was in production for this song, but the project was canceled when Primus was signed to Interscope Records.
Promoted with a film clip featuring Andy Warhol associate Cyrinda Foxe, it peaked at No.
"You Make Me Wanna..." is a song by American recording artist Usher.
"If I Can't" is a song by American hip-hop artist 50 Cent, released as the 4th single from his debut album, Get Rich or Die Tryin'.
"Sunday Morning Call" is a song by the English rock band Oasis, taken from their fourth studio album, Standing on the Shoulder of Giants.
It was performed live for the last time on January 26, 1974.
"Shower Your Love" is a song by Kula Shaker.
Its famously contrasting movements were composed separately by Clapton and Gordon.
The song's accompanying music video, directed by Jonathan Glazer and starring actor Denis Lavant, was widely acclaimed for its direction and cinematography, and won numerous awards.
On the US dance chart, "Do I Do" went to number one for two weeks.
"Starting Over Again" made the U.S. pop top forty, peaking at number 36, and reached number 1 on the U.S. country charts on May 24, 1980.
Beforehand, it was a released as a third single in Japan in June 2004.
"96 Tears" is a song recorded by the American garage rock band, ?
Alvin and the Chipmunks covered the song for their 1965 album Chipmunks à Go-Go.
"Cry for a Shadow" is one of only two officially released Beatles singles to feature Pete Best on drums.
"Ain't It Funny" was released as the third single from the album on June 20, 2001, by Epic Records.
The video was not released along with the single, and it is only released on the Does This Look Infected Too?
It was also featured in the TV movies The Midnight Hour and An American Crime.
"End of the Line" is the last track from the Traveling Wilburys' first album, Volume 1, released in 1989.
When it was released as a single on 25 February 1966, it was their first composition to become a record chart hit.
Pausini sang it for the first time on 23 February 1993, during the 43rd Sanremo Music Festival.
The song also appears on the international version of Young's third album Keep On.
Bush also performed the song with David Gilmour of Pink Floyd at the Secret Policeman's Third Ball.
On the Billboard Adult Contemporary chart, the song reached the top five.
Her manager, Louis Walsh, originally wanted her to record a song titled "Sound of the Underground", but she opted for this instead.
"Devil in a Midnight Mass" is the first single released from Billy Talent's second album, Billy Talent II.
There is another version which gained airplay called, "U.N.I.T.Y.
The song was featured in the trailer for the 2003 comedy Just Married.
"Ride for You" is a ballad written by Bryan Michael Cox, Kendrick "Wyldcard" Dean, and Adonis Stropshire for Danity Kane's debut album Danity Kane.
It was released in November 1984 as the lead single from their fifth album, Agent Provocateur.
Billboard Top Tracks chart, the only instance of a Motels song topping any US music chart.
Due to the lyric "she's so goddamned cold", the promo 45 sent to radio stations had the "clean version" on side 1.
"So Over You" is a song by Australian recording artist Paulini, taken from her second studio album, Superwoman.
The single was also accompanied by one of Parton's first music videos, which was directed by Steve Barron.
The song also appears as the third track on the EP A Piece of Americana.
The song was written by Robert John "Mutt" Lange and Twain.
It also includes a rap from Rhymes' group, the Flipmode Squad: Spliff Star, Baby Cham, Rah Digga, and Rampage.
It was the first new material from Javine since her debut album, "Surrender", was released in 2004.
In 2004, it finished at number 27 on AFI's 100 Years...100 Songs survey of top tunes in American cinema.
According to Carl Barât, in the cover photo, Doherty isn't actually wearing a watch.
"Walkin' on the Sun" is the debut single by American rock band Smash Mouth, from the album Fush Yu Mang.
BMI presented the lead vocalist / songwriter Freddy Curci with the "Million-airs award" for "More Than Words Can Say".
It was purportedly written by Bobby Cristiansand and Barry Klein of the band The Heppelbaums, supposedly appearing on their album Hunt For The White Nightingale.
"A Drug Against War" is a song by industrial rock band KMFDM, taken from their 1993 album Angst.
"Little Baby Nothing" is a song recorded by Welsh rock band Manic Street Preachers for their debut studio album Generation Terrorists.
On the Cash Box chart, "Thank You For Being a Friend" spent two weeks at #11.
George Strait and Jackson sang the song as a tribute during the 2013 CMA Awards on November 6, 2013.
It was written by Miranda Cooper, Brian Higgins, Tim Powell, Lisa Cowling, Paul Woods, Nick Coler, and Minogue, while production was by Higgens and Xenomania.
A remix is available featuring Missy Elliott.
"Light My Fire" achieved modest success in Australia, where it peaked at #22 on the ARIA chart.
While the opening verse resembles a conventional love song, the later verses are less clear in intention and contain more open and challenging imagery.
The song was the fourth single released from the album.
The song received praise from contemporary music critics for being a great club song.
He decided he wanted to write something with a simple phrase like "woo hoo hoo" in the chorus.
"You Can't Hurry Love" is a 1966 song originally recorded by The Supremes on the Motown label.
The song is written about bassist Jared Followill, who is the youngest member in the band, dealing with the band's fame at the age of 17.
It was released as a single on two formats, CD and Yellow 7".
In 1985, the 7" single was released in Poland by Tonpress in different sleeve under license from Factory and sold over 20,000 copies.
The original inspiration came from Seamus Egan's instrumental song "Weep Not for the Memories", which appeared on his album A Week in January.
"The Way You Make Me Feel" is a song by American recording artist Michael Jackson.
The song was written by Don Black and Mark London.
"Ode to Billie Joe" is a 1967 song written and recorded by Bobbie Gentry, a singer-songwriter from Chickasaw County, Mississippi.
Written and produced by Maurice Starr, it was the first release from their second album Hangin' Tough, and also became the group's first commercial hit.
Knocc Out and Dresta, protégés of Eazy-E.
Dr. Dre's lyrics were ghostwritten by RBX; they had originally been written for a different track.
The track reached number 26 in Ireland in its week of release, and peaked at number 8 in the United Kingdom.
You're not the hoax you think you are.'"
A music video was made for the C'est pour toi TV special in 1985.
The song includes the infamous line "even the scrippers".
"Back Off Boogaloo" is a song by English musician Ringo Starr, released as a non-album single in March 1972.
An acoustic version of "No Place That Far" without backing vocals was included on Evans' compilation album, Feels Like Home.
It has also been interpreted as facing up to crisis in general.
2 single of 1982, behind Olivia Newton-John's "Physical".
We tried it again on "Find The River."
"Are You Ready" is a song by Joanne, released as the third single from her 2001 debut album, Do Not Disturb.
Released 19 April 1993 as the first single from the album, "For Tomorrow" charted at number 28 in the UK Singles Chart.
"El Scorcho" is a song by the American alternative rock band Weezer.
"The Special Two" is a song by Australian singer-songwriter Missy Higgins and the third single released from her debut album, The Sound of White.
The B-side of the single was the P-funk-influenced album track, "Housequake".
It is the 15th official Nine Inch Nails release and is a single for the album The Fragile.
In North America & Asia, the final single off the album was "Come Over".
Billboard Hot 100 when released as a single later that year.
"Hit Me with Your Best Shot" sold well over a million copies in the U.S., achieving a gold certification by the RIAA.
The song was covered a year later by Joe Bataan on the 1968 Fania Allstars LP Live at the Red Garter, Vol.
"This Boy" is a song by English rock band the Beatles, written by John Lennon.
Prince provides guitar solos throughout the song.
"Steady, As She Goes" is the debut single by the rock band The Raconteurs from their first album Broken Boy Soldiers.
It is the opening track from their debut album, Boy, and it was released as the album's second single, in October 1980.
"A Night to Remember" is a song by American disco/R&B group Shalamar.
It was released as the album's fourth single on July 28, 2007 by RCA Records.
It reached #4 on the Billboard Hot 100.
"I Think They Like Me" is a song by American hip hop group Dem Franchize Boyz.
"Into the Groove" is a song by American singer Madonna from the 1985 film Desperately Seeking Susan.
The song was released as the first single from their self-titled debut album.
The single was the first released recording to feature future Fleetwood Mac core member John McVie on bass.
It contains a more mature sound in comparison of his previous songs about women such as "Girls, Girls, Girls" and "I Just Wanna Love U".
The single version, also featured on the Snap!
True Lies is a 1999 album by Dive.
The song has been referenced in popular culture and since its release, Lopez has been referred to as Jenny from the Block in the media.
It is now known that this version is a demo of the song.
"The Real Slim Shady" is a song by American rapper Eminem from his third album The Marshall Mathers LP.
Still, the residents of the area were happy to see the singer, hoping their problems would be made visible to a wider audience.
This version made its way to radio airplay format, while the video version does not have Shyne in it.
It could possibly be about the failed relationship between Jagger and model Jerry Hall.
It won the Juno Award for Single of the Year in 1998.
The 7" was pressed on light pink vinyl and features a demo version of the song "Jaws Theme Swimming."
The 1300 originals, mixed by renowned dub and electronica artist Ott, are now collectors items.
"Love, In Itself.4" is a Lounge-inspired version of the song that features piano prominently.
"Vitamin R" is a single from Chevelle's album This Type of Thinking.
"Da Strike" also appeared in the game ESPN X Games Pro Boarder for the PS1.
It was released on Def Jam's Rush Hour Soundtrack in promotion of the film Rush Hour, but also appears on Jay-Z's third album Vol.
"Please Let Me Wonder" is a song written by Brian Wilson and Mike Love for American rock band the Beach Boys.
Despite being released at the same time, the two songs are often credited as the first and second singles from the In Deep album.
His absence was intentional, as he felt that the Top Gun film over-glamorized war and military service.
"The Hardest Button to Button" is a 7" single by the American alternative rock band The White Stripes.
It also peaked at number three in the Billboard Hot 100, No.
Cobain considered the parody as a sign that they had "made it" as a band.
The live version of the song ranked No.
It received heavy airplay in 1979, reaching number one on the Billboard Hot 100 and on the UK Singles Chart on consecutive weeks.
Music critics praised the song as some of The Game's best work to date, as well for the nature of the song.
The album was preceded by the release of the lead single, the original composition "It's a Beautiful Day", released on February 25, 2013.
"I'm Just a Kid" is the debut single by the band Simple Plan, written by Pierre Bouvier.
It was the band's last major hit in the United States until 2008's "The Shock of the Lightning".
It was first released on 25 July 1986 in the United Kingdom, and then released to the United States on 1 January 1987.
The track was first recorded as a demo with English lyrics in September 1974 by the ABBA musicians for their forthcoming eponymous album ABBA.
Edo runs through some dark, scary woods while thinking the creatures are chasing him.
"Karma Chameleon" was also a huge global hit, hitting number one in 16 countries worldwide, and the top 10 in several more.
"I'll Make Love to You" is a 1994 number-one hit single by R&B group Boyz II Men for the Motown label.
The song is sung from the viewpoint of the Devil.
During 2001 the song was used in a TV and cinema advertising campaign for UK mobile phone company One2One, which featured Gary Oldman.
Instead of saying, "Oh, you are acting like a stupid drunk and please don't take the car," my friends would say, "Arrête de faire ton Dario!"
The album is certified Platinum by the Recording Industry Association of Japan, as well as her second studio album Tommy Airline.
"Blood on the Dance Floor" is a song by Michael Jackson.
A live performance of it can be heard on 2000 Years: The Millennium Concert.
"Counting the Beat" is a single by New Zealand rock band The Swingers released in 1981 from their album Practical Jokers.
It was the album's third and most successful single, reaching number two on the U.S.
"Light My Fire" is a song by the Doors, which was recorded in August 1966 and released in January 1967 on their self-titled debut album.
It was also the first single to be released off it and to feature Mike Patton on vocals.
"Only U" is a song by American singer-songwriter Ashanti from her third studio album, Concrete Rose.
"New Power Soul" is a band-oriented, laid-back funk jam, allowing solos for the horn section, drums and organ.
The Valli version was also used by NASA as a wake-up song for a mission of the Space Shuttle, on the anniversary of astronaut Christopher Ferguson.
"I'm Not a Girl, Not Yet a Woman" is a song which speaks about the angst and heartache of puberty.
It was the third single from his third studio album, There Goes Rhymin' Simon, released on Columbia Records.
I mean on her, man, I'd love to make advances
The title track contains some lines written by William Shakespeare, and was dedicated to oceans.
"I Love My Dog" peaked at No.
It was written and produced by Rob Brown and Sean Booth.
A music video for "Genie in a Bottle" was directed by Diane Martel and shot in Malibu, California.
In Europe, the song was released in October 2001.
"I Am the Resurrection" is a song by the Stone Roses and the final song on the UK version of their debut album.
The single was released in both compact disc as well as 12" and 7" vinyl, with "Drown Soda" and "Burn Black" as b-sides.
The song has received considerable critical acclaim, and is viewed by many music critics and fans as one of the greatest songs of all time.
American boyband Natural covered the song for their 2002 album Keep It Natural.
Veneruso wrote and produced also four tracks for Dion's next French album D'elles, as well as the lead single from Sans attendre.
Like most of Rage Against the Machine's songs, the song's lyrics discuss social inequality, proclaiming that "landlords and power whores" were going to "burn".
Checkmates, Ltd. released a version of the song as part of a medley on their 1967 debut album, Live!
The single debuted on the Billboard Hot 100 at number 24 and peaked at number 6, becoming the band's third single to enter the top-ten.
The group's debut recording and first chart hit, it has come to be recognized as their signature song.
The single is the first UK double A-side release by the band since "Blasphemous Rumours / Somebody" in 1984.
The song contains a sample of "Walk with Me" as performed by the ARC Choir.
"Year 3000" is a song performed by English pop punk band Busted.
It was remixed on 9 July 2001 by Stargate and DJ Stonebridge to promote The Greatest Hits compilation album.
"I Don't Wanna Take This Pain" is a single performed by Australian singer Dannii Minogue for her debut album Love and Kisses.
In the song, Rogers tells the story of an encounter with extraterrestrials who take him on a journey through outer space.
"Underneath It All" was released as the album's third single in mid-2002.
The single was due for release on 1 October 2001 but failed to be released due to re-structuring at the label and he was subsequently dropped.
It peaked at number 26 on the UK Singles Chart.
It was also nominated for the Academy Award for Best Original Song and Golden Globe Award for Best Original Song.
It placed at #5 in the Golf Punk readers poll 2006 for most dramatic song.
Alexey Eremenko, writing for AllMusic, selected the track as the best song from the album and her career.
Written and composed by the group's original tenor, Lew DeWitt, the song peaked in popularity in January 1966, spending four weeks at No.
"If It Makes You Happy" is the lead single from Sheryl Crow's 1996 eponymous album.
Since its rise to prominence, the song, and songs based on it, have been used in a variety of protests worldwide.
2 as well as on his Greatest Hits and In the Movies compilations.
It was released on September 18, 2006 as the lead single from their second studio album, Sam's Town.
It also charted at number five on the US Billboard Hot 100.
The single peaked at number one on the Billboard Hot Rhythm & Blues Singles, and reached #6 on the Billboard Pop Singles chart.
only reached number 42 in the UK charts when it was first released.
Billboard Hot 100 and Black Singles charts, and reached number two in the UK Singles Chart, his joint biggest hit there at the time.
8 in the UK Singles Chart and reaching no.
The single reached number three on the Billboard Hot 100 and number one on the Adult Contemporary chart.
It was produced by Bob Ferguson for her self-titled debut album.
"Walk Like an Egyptian" is a song made famous by American band The Bangles.
My Weakness Is None of Your Business is a song by English rock band Embrace, the band's fifth single release.
"It's Like That" is the debut single by American hip hop group Run–D.M.C.
The song has been sampled by many different artists and producers.
The song's sequel, "Algún Día", was recorded in 2006 and is featured on RBD's third Spanish studio album, Celestial.
While it was not attached to any Damned album, it was later included on several Damned compilations and live albums, as were the B-side tracks.
"Chase the Chance" is Namie Amuro's second solo single on the Avex Trax label.
We cut it the following day and everything about it worked.
The single is one of the group's strongest performing releases, peaking at number three in the UK singles chart.
"We Ride" is a song by Barbadian singer Rihanna from her second studio album A Girl like Me.
In the middle of the song, voice recordings are heard.
The cover art features a blurred picture of vocalist Brian Molko.
It was released on 14 August 2006 as the second single from that album.
On the back cover is a band portrait by the photographer Yousuf Karsh.
The song was praised by critics, though some preferred her follow-up single "More Than a Lover" for its controversial nature.
The song samples a line by M.O.P.
It also achieved success in the United States of America, reaching the top of the charts in Chicago and New York City.
Unlike most of the other tracks on the Stand!
The song is about all the nations coming together and becoming one.
At the time lead singer Michel Moers was quoted as saying: "We had hoped to finish last, but Portugal decided otherwise.
Released on 30 October 1971, it was last seen on the charts on 5 February 1972 at #44.
The song was released on 5 May 2003 by Interscope Records as the second single off the studio album.
“Marrakesh Express” is a song written by Graham Nash and performed by the band Crosby, Stills and Nash.
The B-side was the lyrically controversial "Erotic City".
In October 2011, NME placed it at number 124 on its list "150 Best Tracks of the Past 15 Years".
"I Do" is a song written by Brian Wilson and Roger Christian, originally released as a single by American vocal group the Castells in March 1964.
The song is an anthem asking God to bless and protect the singer's family, future children, and close friends.
The song has remained a staple of their live act since the song debuted in 1987 on The Joshua Tree Tour.
"If I Ain't Got You" is a song by American singer Alicia Keys from her second studio album The Diary of Alicia Keys.
In 1995, the song appeared on the soundtrack for the film Angus.
The song was written by Paul Stanley and producer Bob Ezrin.
Ashford and Simpson would perform the song with Teddy Pendergrass in the Philadelphia portion of Live Aid in 1985.
It was written by rapper-producer Missy Elliott and Corte Ellis, with production helmed by the former along with David "Davey Boy" Lindsey and Cliff Jones.
The single had three acoustic versions of album tracks plus the video clip for her second single, "Whatever Will Be".
The disc was released on a standard CD as well as a DualDisc, with the reverse side containing a documentary on the making of the album.
It was released as 7" vinyl, a CD single, and a DVD single with the music video and a short interview with the band.
"My Sugar Cat" is Mika Nakashima's 19th single.
The song was the second single from McCready's double-platinum selling debut album Ten Thousand Angels.
Additionally, the song was featured in the Grey's Anatomy episode 17 Seconds.
It was, however, distributed to Australian radio stations, and signed copies were made available to fans attending the Popcorn Taxi session with the band in 2004.
In October 2011, NME placed it No.
"Sprout and the Bean" is a single by Joanna Newsom.
The remix does not have the audio clips and samples.
In 1973 it became a number-one hit in the US and Canada for Roberta Flack, also reaching number six in the UK Singles Chart.
Despite receiving good notices, the single reportedly sold fewer than 800 copies, a major disappointment on the back of the success of "Space Oddity".
The "New Town Remix" directly segues into the "Live Remix" on the limited 12" single.
It was released in 1995 by Sony Music and Columbia Records as the lead single from the album.
It was released on 29 January 2001.
The Marie Fredriksson version was also released as a digital single on 25 July 2006.
The single also peaked at #11 on the UK Singles Chart.
While it didn't appear on her group's regular studio albums, it would be put on their Greatest Hits album.
"Wordy Rappinghood" is a song by American new wave band Tom Tom Club.
"Treat Me Like a Lady" is the name of a 1990 single by the British pop group Five Star.
The team itself was also sometimes referred to as the San Diego Super Chargers.
"Living After Midnight" is a song by British heavy metal band Judas Priest.
The single peaked at #11 in the UK.
It is a pop song notable for the drum solo and finger cymbals that open the song and repeat again toward the end.
According to Kelis, "milkshake" in the song is used as a metaphor for "something that makes women special."
It became No Doubt's highest-charting American single but was less successful elsewhere.
While recording her album The Comfort Zone, at the last minute, a song had to be replaced.
The song was the first track recorded during the sessions for the Beatles' Sgt.
Outside the United States, "Dance, Dance" peaked within the top ten of the charts in the United Kingdom.
The single debuted at #1 on the UK Singles Chart, and remained at the top for five weeks.
However, Columbia Records was unhappy with both the song's length at over six minutes and its heavy electric sound, and was hesitant to release it.
They were making up funny names for animals when Entwistle came up with "Boris the Spider".
A 1985 duet cover by David Bowie and Mick Jagger charted at No.
"If You Come Back" is a song by English boy band Blue, released as the third single from their debut studio album All Rise.
The song peaked in the UK Singles Chart at number eighteen, becoming the first of her solo singles to not reach the top five.
1 for two weeks and would be Springfield's only No.
The film score to the movie was first released on October 1, 1960 by United Artists Records.
The song was added to Radio 2's C-List and BBC 6 Music's A-List on 17 June 2006.
Electric Six covered the song on their 2015 cover album Mimicry and Memories.
An alternate live video, filmed in London, was included on Jackson's From janet.
It also reached #1 on the British Dance Chart.
Internationally, "End of the Road" reached #1 in Australia, United Kingdom and the Hot 100 Eurochart, among others.
The 'weeping' guitar lick was provided by keyboardist Richard Tandy while Jeff Lynne played a 12-string acoustic guitar fed through a phase shifter.
It's about being hung over and homesick in New York City - 'a million lightyears from home'.
"Crestfallen" is a track on The Smashing Pumpkins' 1998 album, Adore.
A music video was also made for the song.
Carl Barât later denied this in NME magazine.
Outside of the US, it topped the singles chart in the Netherlands and peaked within the top ten in Germany, Switzerland, and the United Kingdom.
It was thus performed ninth on the night.
"Don't You Worry 'bout a Thing" is a single by Stevie Wonder, taken from his 1973 album Innervisions.
makes a cameo appearance in the music video.
It was the eleventh track on his debut album With His Hot and Blue Guitar and it was also included on All Aboard the Blue Train.
The single was produced by Jermaine Dupri and No I.D..
"You Are Not Alone" was Michael Jackson's 13th and last number one hit song in the United States during his lifetime.
Rolling Stone ranked it fourth on its Greatest Rock and Roll Christmas Songs list, calling it a "holiday standard."
It has sold over 700,000 copies in the UK as of October 2014.
It is the highest peak of Mauna Kahalawai.
"Christine Sixteen" is a song by American hard rock band Kiss.
1 on the Billboard Modern Rock Tracks chart.
She sings, "Open your box, open your trousers, open your sex, open your legs, open open open open open".
"Ooh Stick You" is a song recorded by American group Daphne and Celeste.
In the rest of Europe, "Yeh Yeh Yeh" was released alone as the final single.
The video was directed by Dieter Trattmann.
Despite Lenin's objections, Stalin consolidated power and opposition was removed.
It was the third single release in Europe and the first to be issued in the United States.
The riff from the song was used on a BT advert in 1994.
The song was mixed by Dr. Dre.
High Fidelity objected to the lyrics blaming women for love's problems.
Terry Hazlett of The Observer-Reporter described the song as an "innocent little [ditty]" which comes across like a "rock 'n' roll anthem.".
All re-issues are remastered and each includes several bonus tracks, consisting of B-sides and remixes.
The lyrics are adapted from the texts of Psalms 19 and 137 in the Hebrew Bible.
"Crying in My Sleep" was the second single released from Squeeze's ninth album, Play, in the U.S.
"Too Much Heaven" knocked "Le Freak" off the top spot for two weeks before returning to #1 again.
It was performed by Burnette, and contains lyrics detailing an imminent breakup.
As with all tracks on Cream's US debut, producer's credit went to Robert Stigwood.
Recorded at the group's Apple Studio in London in late January 1969, the song includes a lap steel guitar part played by John Lennon.
Paul Kelly made his public debut singing the Australian folk song 'Streets Of Forbes' to a Hobart audience in 1974.
It proved to be a much bigger success in Australia and Scandinavia, where it reached the Top 10.
Inspired by Bill Haley and the Comets' "Rock Around the Clock", Jeff Beck plays both the lead guitar and bass guitar.
"Another Day in Paradise" has since been covered by several artists, including Brandy, her brother Ray J, Jam Tronik, Axxis, Novecento, and Hank Marvin.
The title track is taken from the 2001 album Supercharger.
It was released by the group as their third single.
"You Can Do It" is a single by American rapper Ice Cube.
It contains a sample of "Mystic Brew" by Ronnie Foster.
Estimates are the song has earned $1 million per year for the ten years ending in 2010.
The single narrowly missed the UK top 10, peaking at number eleven.
"Near Wild Heaven" was the third single released from R.E.M.
The song was later included on the soundtrack of basketball game NBA Live 07.
It is also their second biggest-selling single, being certified Silver by the British Phonographic Industry for sales in excess of 200,000 copies.
The song was the only single from the album to chart, peaking at number 14 on Billboard's Modern Rock Tracks chart.
"You Shook Me" became one of Muddy Waters' most successful early-1960s singles and has been interpreted by several blues and rock artists.
"The Last Beat of My Heart" is a song written, produced and recorded by English rock band Siouxsie and the Banshees.
"Don't Cha" received positive reviews from music critics, many of whom highlighted it as a stand-out; however, some of them criticized Busta Rhymes' appearance.
The 12" single contained remixes from producer William Orbit.
The music in the beginning of the song is taken from the trailer of the Wes Craven film, The Last House on the Left.
It features scenes from the film, while Clarkson performs the track on a rooftop.
In 1999, CBS Records reissued the single with a live version of "Complete Control".
Today, it is extremely rare and expensive, fetching high prices on auction websites like eBay.
It was released on 31 July 1995 on CD, a 7" vinyl, and as a cassette.
It was released in February 1993 as the fifth and final single from their eponymous fifth album, Metallica.
The video was directed by P. R. Brown and features the band facing the walls of a small room with the camera orbiting around them.
Exclusive live B-sides from Metallica's first show at the Big Day Out festival in Brisbane were featured on the Australian single.
It was released on 20 February 1996, as the first single in North America, South America and Asia.
More recently, cover versions were recorded by Alicia Keys and Childish Gambino.
Overall, it spent twelve weeks in the UK Singles Chart.
The opening lines to "Escape" were lifted from the Camille outtake, "Rebirth of the Flesh".
The B-side, "Koishikute", is a Begin cover while the first press of this single will feature a picture label disc.
"Call and Answer" is a song by the Canadian group Barenaked Ladies.
A critical success, the song was also nominated for the Grammy Award for Best Male Pop Vocal Performance.
It has been covered by other artists, including Colin Reid and Matchbox Twenty.
"Watermelon Crawl" is a song written by Buddy Brock and Zack Turner, and recorded by American country music artist Tracy Byrd.
Lars Ulrich claims that they had written the song to sound like "Run to the Hills" by Iron Maiden, which was popular at the time.
Beck continues to perform it and several renditions have been recorded by other musicians.
"Funky Drummer" is a song recorded by James Brown and The J.B.s.
The song's lyrics convey a positive message, focusing on taking things in one's stride and accentuating the positive.
Released in 1977, the song comprises the girls ad-libbing to deejay track "Three Piece Suit" by Trinity.
"What Is Life" is a song by the English musician George Harrison, released on his 1970 triple album All Things Must Pass.
He announced his departure from the band two weeks later.
It was their first single to reach the UK top 20.
"Sweet Annie" is a song recorded by American country music group Zac Brown Band.
"So Easy" was used in displays between programs on Nickelodeon UK and Channel 4, as well as in British television adverts for T-Mobile.
We thought, bloody hell, this sounds really good.
This success was achieved on airplay alone, as the song was not released as a commercial single in the United States.
Anghel also took part in these activities during the instrumental sections of the song.
A grandiose, enormous, hugely gorgeous pop epic reminiscent of Dusty Springfield meets the Pet Shop Boys, Tingly is everything music should be.
The single sold more than one million copies in the United States and was certified gold by the RIAA in April 1976.
The song is in reference to God.
Both versions were released on May 27, 1997.
The lyrics feature numerous figures such as Bobby, Golden Nose Slim, Jungle Faced Jake and Purple Pie Pete.
Issued as a single, backed with "Keep on Growing", the song reached number 91 on the Billboard Hot 100 in 1971.
The single's B-side included "Autour de moi".
It is also one of the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame's 500 Songs that Shaped Rock and Roll.
In the United Kingdom, it reached the top five; in the United States, it peaked at number nine.
"Break the Night with Colour" is a song by English singer-songwriter Richard Ashcroft and is the third track on his 2006 album Keys to the World.
27 on their list of the 40 Greatest Metal Songs and No.
"Since I Lost My Baby" is a 1965 hit single recorded by The Temptations for the Motown Records' Gordy label.
It is available as a downloadable track for the video game Rock Band.
"It's a Man's Man's Man's World" is a song by James Brown and Betty Jean Newsome.
The song was written and sung by frontman Black Francis, produced by Gil Norton and recorded during the album's recording sessions.
It also means that their letters can be used as an alternative method of "numbering" ordered items, in such contexts as numbered lists and number placements.
It is a pop rock song containing elements drawn from pop punk.
"The Great Pretender" is a popular song recorded by The Platters, with Tony Williams on lead vocals, and released as a single on November 3, 1955.
"Candy Shop" is the second single by rapper 50 Cent from his second commercial album, The Massacre.
It was also a hit for Hank Williams, Jr. in 1983 and regularly played live by Widespread Panic.
"Cowboys and Angels" was also Michael's longest single to date, at 7 minutes 14 seconds.
A few weeks after Fortune's win, the NBC drama Las Vegas chose "Pretty Vegas" as a promotional song for its upcoming season in 2005.
It was with this song that Hard-Fi gained true prominence in the UK.
"Kokoro no Wakusei ~Little Planets~" is Aiko Kayō's seventh single.
"Magic Moments" is a popular song with music by Burt Bacharach and lyrics by Hal David, one of the first compositions by that duo.
However, outside the United States, the song peaked within the top ten of the charts in the United Kingdom.
The music was written by Henry Mancini with lyrics by Johnny Mercer.
The title refers to the disgraced British tabloid newspaper, News of the World.
It attained worldwide fame after being covered by Soft Cell in 1981 and has since been covered by numerous groups and artists.
"Día de Enero" is the third single released from Shakira's 2005 album Fijación Oral 1, following "La Tortura" and "No".
A version of this song is also performed by a band during the credits of the documentary Revolution OS.
Sheryl Crow's Web site offered a free download of the new single to anyone who had already purchased the Wildflower-album.
It was also released as a single on 5 December 1983 and reached #1 on the UK singles charts for two weeks.
It achieved a huge success in the US, UK and New Zealand, where it reached #1 on the charts.
"Ghosts" was written, composed and produced by Michael Jackson and Teddy Riley in 1996.
The song was originally recorded by The Del-Vikings in 1956 and was released on Fee Bee Records.
'Pushing the Senses has been used by Vauxhall Motors in a UK TV advertisement.
The song was included on her set list on The Beyoncé Experience in Los Angeles, her world tour I Am...
It was the A-side of the UK version of the single, reaching No.
at the Disco, released on May 16, 2006 as the third single from their debut album A Fever You Can't Sweat Out.
Collins and David Crosby's live performance of the song at the 1991 Grammy Awards was released on the 1994 album Grammy's Greatest Moments Volume I.
In 1997, Aaron Carter covered this song and was featured on his international self-titled debut album.
The track "Phoenix" was originally released only as a downloadable single, and does not appear on the album.
The song peaked at #39 on the ARIA Singles Chart in January 2005, spending 8 weeks in the top 50.
The song's title means "Bitter Sugar" in English, but is used in the context of the English term bittersweet.
The ballad was written by Estéfano and Julio Reyes and produced by Estéfano.
She was inspired to write "Strict Machine" based on images of the experiment and "more human aspects of machines and sex and control."
This song is an early example of the high pitched sample rap.
"Hand in My Pocket" also received substantial success through radio airplay in the U.S.
The song was featured in the film Deuce Bigalow: European Gigolo.
So we're going to put that out as a single.
The title of the song refers to the English title of French director Georges Franju's 1960 film Les yeux sans visage.
It features 1970s-era classic R&B and soul group The Dramatics, with guest rap verses from Kurupt and Daz Dillinger, and R&B/hip-hop vocalist Nanci Fletcher.
The US only had a digital release.
Hooker's guitar work on the song inspired several well-known guitarists to take up the instrument.
"U Remind Me" is a song by American entertainer Usher.
It was released on 16 March 1998 and charted at #12 in the UK Singles Chart.
"Let's Impeach the President" is a protest song written, produced and recorded by Neil Young.
"The Last to Know" is a song recorded by Sheena Easton for her 1987 album, No Sound But a Heart.
It also peaked at number seven on the Billboard Hot 100 and topped the charts in Canada, Greece and the US Adult Pop Songs chart.
The song and album, "Ballads of the Green Berets," were released in January 1966.
"Love in an Elevator" is a song performed by American hard rock band Aerosmith, written by Steven Tyler and guitarist/backing vocalist Joe Perry.
Accordingly, the song also became Sweet Sensation's only entry on the Billboard Adult Contemporary singles chart, where it reached number eight.
The song is a cumulative song, in which each verse contains all of the previous verses as well.
An accompanying music video was released for the song, featuring Madonna running away from the paparazzi until she arrives at home.
"The Nosebleed Section" is a song by the Australian hip hop music group Hilltop Hoods.
"Girls Ain't Nothing But Trouble" is the debut single by DJ Jazzy Jeff and the Fresh Prince, from their 1987 debut album Rock the House.
It was written by Mutt Lange and Twain.
A music video was made for the Incognito TV special which aired in September 1987.
In the United States, the single reached #16 in the middle of 1970 on the Cashbox chart and #21 on the US Billboard Top 100.
"Jesus Christ Pose" is a song by the American rock band Soundgarden, released in 1991 as the first single from the band's third studio album, Badmotorfinger.
"For My Dear..." is the fourth single released by Ayumi Hamasaki on October 7, 1998.
"Gotta Get Thru This" is a song by British singer Daniel Bedingfield.
The song is based on singer/guitarist Pete Doherty's experiences and police brutality at the London May Day Riots of 2000.
In 2004, Rolling Stone placed the song at #66 among "The 500 Greatest Songs of All Time".
"Unskinny Bop" is a song by American glam metal band Poison, which was released as the first single from their 1990 Flesh & Blood album.
Second edition came out with green and black print, live photo insert, 300 copies on black wax.
"Big Spender" is a song written by Cy Coleman and Dorothy Fields for the musical Sweet Charity, first performed in 1966.
This hypothesized set includes such emotions as acute stress reaction, anger, angst, anxiety, fright, horror, joy, panic, and sadness.
An R&B, soul and pop ballad in C minor, it makes use of acoustic guitar, hi-hat and bell instrumentation.
In 2001, the song became extremely popular in the American dance club scene.
In the UK it became the seventh biggest-selling single of the year, and has been certified Gold by the British Phonographic Industry.
The song was released as a single in November 1970, paired with Orlando's other hit song, "Candida".
they're both entirely done in the ry30 – with a bit of fx on the diff channels maybe, can't rem"
The single was released on four different formats, two CDs, 7" vinyl and 12" vinyl.
The rest of the band was receptive to the lyrics and wrote the music.
The idea for the song was partly inspired by record producer Phil Spector's plans to record a Christmas album.
"Please Stand Up" was the second single from British Sea Power's second album Open Season.
The song was voted number 1 in the Triple J Hottest 100 in 2003.
This song was considered the theme song to a-nation 2003.
"Who Wants to Live Forever" is a song by the British rock band Queen.
It was a melancholy tribute to his lover Anselmo Feleppa.
"They'll Need a Crane" was the first song the band performed on network television, in 1989 on Late Night with David Letterman.
Written by Bob Heatlie and produced by Dave Edmunds, it was the fourth number one single from Shakin' Stevens on the UK Singles Chart.
"End of the Line" is a song by British girl group Honeyz.
"Sugar Walls" is the second single from Sheena Easton's 1984 album A Private Heaven.
"New Born" is a song by English rock band Muse from their second studio album Origin of Symmetry, released in 2001.
Italian as "Io dio io re" by Christian De Sica.
The song has been covered by several artists including Blank & Jones, Sophie Barker and Ror-Shak.
It won a Grammy Award in 2002 for "Best Rap/Sung Collaboration", which was a brand new category at the time.
"You and Me" has appeared on many television shows, including Smallville, Grey's Anatomy, The Vampire Diaries, Cold Case and Gavin & Stacey.
The song spent five weeks at No.
Additionally, the song was included on the set-lists of Carey's The Adventures of Mimi and Angels Advocate Tours.
The song also appeared in the movies Prince of Tides, Diner, and Perfect Sisters.
"Fuck the Police" is a song by rapper and producer Jay Dee, who would later be known as J Dilla.
"The Little White Cloud that Cried" is a popular song written by Johnnie Ray and published in 1951.
It was released in September 1999 as the lead single from their debut album, We Didn't Say That!.
The single was released alongside a music video in which he is shown singing in a recording studio.
It would be AC/DC's first and only No.
I combined Sheena, Queen of the Jungle, with the primalness of punk rock.
Additional drums are sampled from "Good Old Music" by Funkadelic.
"Gotta Get Away" was inspired by an early track, "Cogs", written while the band was still named Manic Subsidal.
It sold 40,496 copies, and was the one hundred fifty-third best-selling single of 2004.
1 on their Hottest 100 for 1997.
"I Know What I Like" is a song performed by Huey Lewis and the News and released as a single from the album Fore!
It peaked in the top 10 in 17 countries, reaching No.
She actually wants to become someone worth fighting for.
is sometimes shouted as a rallying cry, particularly in the city of Glasgow where fans chant "Hey!
The pop ballad talks about a relationship strained by matters of emotional or physical distance.
There is a French version of the song called "Mon Coeur N'en Fait Qu'a Sa Tete".
This is the original version of the song that became a number-one hit for the Carpenters in 1970.
The album was nominated for five ARIA Awards in 2004 and won 'Best Pop Release'.
The song reached #6 on the Billboard Hot Country Singles & Tracks chart.
Though the title track is written by Anderson and departed guitarist Bernard Butler, Oakes contributes on "Together" and "Bentswood Boys".
The song received positive reviews from music critics, and AllMusic described it as "one of the best holiday pop tunes ever recorded."
The most successful version was the 1976 Top 40 single by Helen Reddy.
It was released as a 7" single in the UK and Ireland only.
It was released in April 1977 as the first single from the album Rabbitt.
An unplugged version of "Agitated Screams of Maggots" is featured on the single "Glass Skin".
It took him three days to write the work.
Originally the song was not included in the standard version of the album, but was released in a version of Walmart as a bonus track.
"Number One Spot" was nominated for Best Rap Solo Performance at the Grammy Awards of 2006, but it lost to Kanye West's "Gold Digger".
The song was produced by Lukasz "Dr. Luke" Gottwald.
It was the lead single from his third studio album, There Goes Rhymin' Simon, released on Columbia Records.
"Beauty on the Fire" was the third and final single to be released from Australian singer Natalie Imbruglia's second studio album, White Lilies Island.
The video for the song was the second to feature Def Leppard in a live arena setting.
The single version was released as the second single from the album in the UK in 1986 and fifth in the United States in 1987.
It peaked at number one on the charts of Austria, Belgium, France, Germany, Italy, Poland, Switzerland, the United Kingdom, and every other European country excluding Finland.
The song tells the story of a woman taking revenge on her potentially unfaithful boyfriend/husband.
"The Saddest Song" is a single by The Ataris from their fourth album, So Long, Astoria.
The song was produced by Dr. Dre.
After she was crowned the winner of the fourth season, "Meant to Fly" began receiving airplay across Canada.
Elvis's one recorded version of this song was a bootleg made by a fan in Las Vegas in December 1975.
Washington D.C. radio shock jock "The Greaseman" regularly used the song as one of his "bits" during the 1980s.
"Honey Chile" is a 1967 single by Motown girl group Martha Reeves and the Vandellas on the Gordy label.
Some likened the song to works by Celine Dion and Mariah Carey.
The title track has been used in a Honda Civic commercial.
The song was released as the first single from the group's 1991 album Out of Time.
It also peaked at number one in Spain three years after its original release.
In Australia, the song was ranked #47 on Triple J's Hottest 100 of 2004.
Due to the song's widespread popularity when it was released, it is considered to be Dion's signature song.
However, the song was not used in the film.
"Your Imagination" was featured in the live setlist for Brian Wilson's European tour in 2011.
In 1971, one of The Irish Rovers sings the song in one sketch as part of one of the episodes of The Irish Rovers Show.
"Edwould" was the third single from Larrikin Love, and the first to be taken from their debut album The Freedom Spark.
In 1963, Fitzgerald included a solo rendition on her Verve Records album, Ella Fitzgerald Sings the Jerome Kern Songbook, produced by Norman Granz.
The cover was produced by Bloodshy & Avant and was noted for aptly referring to Spears's relationship with the media at the time.
In the U.S., Bread's version was the shortest song title to become a top ten hit until 1993, when Prince hit No.
It was released as the second single from their second album Sehnsucht.
The single peaked at number 38 in the UK and number 15 in Canada.
"El manisero", known in English as "The Peanut Vendor", is a Cuban son-pregón composed by Moisés Simons.
"I Want You Back" was ranked 121st on Rolling Stone's list of The 500 Greatest Songs of All Time.
The "Extended Mix" of "Take Me Home", released on the 12" single was one of the six songs to be included on Collins' 12"ers album.
", it was written in protest against the Iraq War.
It was released in October 1970 as the first single and title track from the album Bed of Rose's.
It is the eighth track on their debut album Hybrid Theory and was released as the album's fourth single October 9, 2001.
"Just Like a Pill" is a song by American singer Pink.
"Red Blooded Woman" is a song by Australian recording artist Kylie Minogue, taken from her ninth studio album Body Language.
The song is heavily influenced by Led Zeppelin's "Four Sticks", from which it takes its main riff and a number of lyrics.
The song achieved moderate success internationally, reaching the top five in Canada, Italy, while topping the charts in Spain.
It was also a single released by the 1980 band Blue Angel, with lead vocals provided by future star Cyndi Lauper.
Hills performed a parody of the song on The Last Leg following Harris's conviction for sexual offences.
Musically, A is a pop rock album that is influenced by dance music, a common trait that runs throughout its parent album.
Some radio stations altered the song or refused to play it due to the use of the phrase "Damn it" in the second verse.
The Stop Making Sense live version of the track is featured in the film's accompanying soundtrack album.
It appeared on their album The Art of War and reached number 19 on the U.S.
It was covered a few times by other artists.
It is the title track from the album American Idiot and released as the first single from it.
A live performance of this song is featured on Sheryl Crow's 2006 concert DVD: Wildflower Tour, Live From New York.
The remix Hex Hector's version reached #37 position of "Billboard's Dance/Club Play Songs".
1 and his biggest ever pop hit.
"Chemicals React" served as the group's debut international release.
In September, a shorter single edit was released for AM radio stations, although album-oriented FM radio stations played the full album version.
Project duo, W. It was released on May 19, 2004 on the zetima label.
It was also covered by supergroup Contraband on their only album from 1991.
It is influenced by the Calypso style of the Caribbean which originated in Trinidad and Tobago.
The track went to number one on the disco chart for four weeks.
The only other time Carrack sang lead on a Squeeze track was in 1981, on the better-known "Tempted."
"Pop Is Dead" reached number 42 on the UK Singles Chart in May 1993.
It was also the second single from the album, released in June 2001.
This was the first and only time that one of Rawls' records managed to reach Billboard's pop top ten.
It was released in Australia in 1994 on Sub Pop/Interscope.
Since the 2008–09 NHL season, it has been played during Detroit Red Wings games played at Joe Louis Arena.
It was never released as a single in the US.
Others believe it to be Joey, but no one is quite sure.
Due to the lyrics, which are filled with a sense of longing and uncertainty, it is a contrasting piece to Wilson's "When I Grow Up".
The single hit number 9 on the UK Singles Chart and peaked at number 47 in the United States.
It was released as the lead single from Richard X's debut studio album Richard X Presents His X-Factor Vol.
Dion performed "(If There Was) Any Other Way" during her Unison Tour.
"My Humps" is a song performed by American recording group The Black Eyed Peas.
It was a hit single released from the 1998 album You've Come a Long Way, Baby.
The song was listed at number seven on the 2001 Pazz & Jop list, a survey of several hundred music critics conducted by Robert Christgau.
"Juicy Love" is The Grace's 4th Japanese under the Rhythm Zone label and was released in both CD and CD+DVD versions.
In the US, "Tears Are Not Enough" was released as the B-side of "Poison Arrow".
The group of people involved was also collectively known as Voices That Care and was shown as such on the single release and marketing materials.
The song was written by Osbourne, Bob Daisley, Lee Kerslake and Randy Rhoads.
"This Is the House" is a 1982 song by the British new wave duo Eurythmics.
Brown recorded it with the original J.B.'s and it was released as a three-part single in 1971.
"Down So Long" is a folk pop song written by Jewel and produced by Patrick Leonard for Jewel's second album, Spirit.
The two songs were released as one single, as the songs are transitional - "Brain Stew" segues directly into "Jaded".
The single was released on February 17, 1988.
The song became the most requested, and wider radio play spread into Canada where it was picked up by Cameo Records for national distribution.
He wants a bad thing to happen so that it’ll turn into a good thing.
The song went on to become one of Korn's most popular singles, with an anti-domestic abuse themed video topping MTV's Total Request Live for ten days.
It was released in April 1995 as the second single from her album The Woman in Me.
The song was the soundtrack for a Herbal Essences shampoo advert in Spain, starred by Edurne.
25 on the Hot 100 in 1962.
"I'll Be There" is a song by British singer-songwriter, Emma Bunton.
The song was originally released in 1993, under the alias State of Grace.
The song was released as the third single from The Cross of Changes.
With large numbers of indoor and outdoor staff, country houses were important as places of employment for many rural communities.
This song was featured on a Kerrang compilation CD entitled Kerrang!
In addition, it was nominated for Best Rap Solo Performance at the 41st Grammy Awards in 1999.
Mainstream Rock Tracks chart and went to #1 in Canada as well.
It is often confused with the more popular vocal track, "Born Slippy .NUXX", because of the similar name.
The single was released as a 7" vinyl and two CD versions.
The song also appears prominently in the horror film The Lords of Salem.
The Arabic lyrics for the bilingual version of the song are written by Khaled.
Likewise, The Jam's "Dreams of Children" had featured the same "Taxman" bassline, played then as a lead guitar riff.
The song reached number 6 on the Billboard Alternative Songs chart and number 122 on the Billboard Hot 100.
"Did My Time" is a song written and recorded by American nu metal band Korn for the film, Lara Croft Tomb Raider: The Cradle of Life.
The song reached number 2 on the Billboard Hot Country Singles & Tracks chart.
The song rose to #40 on the U.S.
"He Knows You Know" is a song by the British neo-progressive rock band Marillion.
After its release, "Love Profusion" received generally favorable reviews from music critics.
The song was played live at every Queen concert from 1981 until the end of Queen's touring career in 1986.
Unlike most of Canned Heat's songs from the period, second guitarist and harmonica player Alan Wilson provides the distinctive falsetto vocal.
"Straight On" is a song recorded by the rock band Heart.
Re-presses came out in early January, 2004.
It is done in the style of doo-wop.
The 1977 live version is 8:21, the King Biscuit Flower Hour Foghat version is 10:37 and the 2007 live version is 9:44.
Both tracks were also from Chaos and Disorder.
The song was listed in the musical reference book 1001 Songs You Must Hear Before You Die.
The experimental number relies on a strong bass line and a simple keyboard riff.
Based on a traditional Neapolitan song, it was the first single from her debut album Un Monde parfait and was released in February 2005.
"Can't Shake Loose" proved rather successful on the U.S.
The band's original version also featured on the vinyl edition of their album Boss Drum.
It was written by Aki, composed by Nobuo Uematsu and arranged by Kenichiro Fukui.
This was the UK's first house music number one, and paved the way for the acid house sound popular there during the late 1980s.
It was a stand-alone single, not featured on any studio album, and was deleted, removed from wholesale supply, on the day of release.
It was included later on the On ne change pas DVD.
During test screenings with child audiences their attention "seemed to wander from the film."
4 on the US Billboard Hot 100 and No.
Slim and Daron share lead vocals on the song.
"2 of Amerikaz Most Wanted" was later included on 2Pac's Greatest Hits in 1998.
She also goes on to say that "unfortunately, if we just be who we are, that's usually the more attractive and beautiful thing".
It was released as a single from the album Lodger on 27 April 1979.
The song was written by Toni Braxton, Keri Lewis Isaac Hayes and produced by Braxton and Keri Lewis.
"Groovejet" is a song by Italian electronic music producer Spiller, featuring vocals from British singer and songwriter Sophie Ellis-Bextor.
The sound would be developed further on the following album, Concrete Jungle.
In 2014, the song was added to the National Recording Registry by the Library of Congress for being "culturally, historically, or aesthetically significant."
Rolling Stone ranked "Spirit in the Sky" No.
"Preacher Man" is a song recorded by English girl group Bananarama.
"Love Will Destroy Us in the End" is a single by British indie rock band Hefner.
The song was first recorded by Jim Lowe, whose version reached number one on the US pop chart.
The single reached there number 2 and was certified silver.
This song is about him and his girlfriend.
"Can I Have It Like That" is a song performed by rapper Pharrell Williams featuring Gwen Stefani.
That version alone has now sold more than 12 million copies worldwide, making it one of the best-selling singles of all time.
It was her breakthrough single in the U.K., reaching number seven in early 1988.
The track was commissioned as a remix single in the US.
The song was written by Branch and was produced by John Shanks.
"Found That Soul" is a single by the Manic Street Preachers, released on 26 February 2001 from the Know Your Enemy album.
The extended play included the title-track and a remix for all of the singles from Timberlake's first solo studio album, Justified.
The song was not a brand new recording but a demo that was recorded in 1981.
"Too Many Puppies" is a song by Primus and was the second single from their first album Frizzle Fry.
"Kiss on My List" is a song by the American duo Hall & Oates.
"Once a Day" is a song written by Bill Anderson and recorded as the debut single by American country artist Connie Smith.
It later appeared on Loverboy's 1989 hits compilation Big Ones.
According to Brian, the song is "about a girl who was dating a guy who didn’t stay close to her.
This is a rap about LL searching for a girl who is streetwise to form a relationship with.
"Earth Song" was made for the Dangerous album but it failed to make the final cut.
In August 2004, the song peaked at number three on the UK Singles Chart.
The recording was produced by Starr's former bandmate George Harrison, who also made an uncredited contribution as a composer.
Its animated music video, directed by Magnus Carlsson, was placed on heavy rotation on MTV, although the network censored portions containing nudity in the US.
"Especially for You" is a song performed by the Australian recording artists Kylie Minogue and Jason Donovan, from Donovan's debut album Ten Good Reasons.
"Papua New Guinea" is a 1991 song by the electronic music group Future Sound of London.
It was written and composed by Jackson and produced by Jackson and Quincy Jones.
It was produced by Dallas Austin and co-written by Austin and TLC member Tionne "T-Boz" Watkins for the band's third studio album, FanMail.
In a 2008 interview, Meeks noted, "As far as I’m concerned, he owns the track."
The earliest incarnation of the song was developed during sessions for the band's 1997 album Pop.
The song was also featured on Living Single, Latifah's series which aired in the same year.
As a result, the band released a music video that won three awards, and was retired from Total Request Live.
14 on their list of the Greatest Hard Rock Songs.
This version spent 19 weeks on the Billboard chart, topping out at No.
It is derived from a song by Waaktaar and Furuholmen's previous band Bridges.The music video was shot in a wide arena in Los Angeles.
"Hung Up" became a worldwide commercial success, peaking atop the charts of 41 countries and earning a place in the Guinness Book of World Records.
One verse mentioned Gabriel by name, but it was not used in the recorded version.
One month earlier, another Tommy James song had also hit number 1—Billy Idol's version of "Mony, Mony".
Swedish Pop Idol winner Agnes Carlsson covered this song with Erik Hassle in 2009 for her UK debut album Dance Love Pop.
It achieved respectable chart success, peaking at #8 on the UK singles chart.
It was written by Shaw herself alongside Chris Andrews, who had written the vast majority of her 1960s hits.
In March 1968, it was released as a single, backed with "The Inner Light".
The song also appears on the live album Foot in Mouth.
Rolling Stone ranked The Four Tops' original version of the song at #390 on their list of the 500 Greatest Songs of All Time.
The song was also released as a single in both 78 RPM and 45 RPM formats.
"Been Gone" is the second single from Canadian R&B/hip hop singer Keshia Chanté's second studio album 2U.
"Got to Be Certain" is a dance-pop song by Australian recording artist and songwriter Kylie Minogue from her debut studio album Kylie.
"Call My Name" is a song by Welsh recording artist Charlotte Church from her fifth studio album Tissues and Issues.
It was released as the lead single from his debut self-titled studio album in November 1970.
Featuring The Flaming Lips, the lead vocals were performed by Wayne Coyne with Steven Drozd performing backing vocals.
The guitar solo in "The Reincarnation of Benjamin Breeg" is played by Dave Murray.
The track's instrumental was produced by Kurser/ Fabrice.
Hangin' Tough is the second album by American boy band New Kids on the Block, released on September 6, 1988, by Columbia Records.
The song's closing lines are of an announcer of a children's radio show:
The song was also featured in The L Word, Season 5 Episode 6 when Jenny and Adele go shopping.
The song is produced by and features rapper Jermaine Dupri.
The single was certified Platinum by the RIAA on July 13, 1995.
It received substantial radio airplay, both upon the initial release of the Boston album and subsequently, and has been described as a "rock-radio staple."
The song was written by Wayne Hector, Ronan Keating and David Frank, and was released on November 10, 2003.
The song was written by Chambers as a commentary on the reluctance of commercial radio stations towards playing her music, despite her being an established performer.
The album version contains an opening with a backwards message.
The R&B group the Sensations released an updated rendition in 1961.
"My Truly, Truly Fair" is a popular song written by Bob Merrill.
However, it was not included on their second album either.
It was written and sung by frontman Black Francis and produced by Gil Norton during the album's recording sessions.
B-side "Vamos a la Playa" was later included on the 2007 compilation Pom Pom: The Essential Cibo Matto.
The single was released on June 27, 1999.
"What More Can I Give" is a song written by American singer Michael Jackson and recorded by a supergroup of singers following the September 11 attacks.
The song was among his biggest hits, earning a gold record and reaching No.
Accompanied by his backup singers the Raelettes, Charles sang about wanting to be free from a woman "who won't let go".
In 2010, Primus released a new version of the track sung entirely in Spanish under the title "Me Llamo Mud".
In November 2014, "La ballade de Michel" and "Michael's Song" were released digitally around the world.
The record was released in May 1981 on Cherry Red Records with "The Prey" as the B-side.
It was the 96th highest selling single in Australia for 2000.
25 on the Billboard Hot 100, No.
It was released in May 1999 as the third single from the album, L'Amour Toujours.
Mason wrote: "The Swiss duo never managed to capitalize on this song's casual sophistication and melodic grace, but it remains a glorious anomaly."
This track was also published in the compilation albums Greatest Hits and Simply Red 25: The Greatest Hits.
"Hustler's Ambition" was released to digital retailers in the United States in October 2005 via Interscope Records, with a CD release following in February 2006.
It was the only number-one song for the group in the UK.
This is one of the most frequently remixed songs in Radiohead's catalogue.
The song has been covered nearly a hundred times.
147 on Rolling Stone's 500 Greatest Songs of All Time.
In this version, Shaggy provided backing vocals.
In March 2003, "Opportunity Nox" became the first Roxette song to reach Svensktoppen.
The record also appeared on Australian, New Zealand and South African charts.
Released in 1983 as a single on the Tommy Boy label, it was also included on the 1986 album "Planet Rock: The Album".
A common belief is that frontman Rivers Cuomo had three shots of tequila and Ritalin moments before writing both songs.
Guitarist Peter Buck admitted in the liner notes for the band's 2003 compilation album In Time: The Best of R.E.M.
The single became Beyoncé's fourth number-one in the U.S., was B'Day's most successful release, and remained at the top of the U.S.
The working title for the song during the recording sessions was "Coltraine".
A live version also appears on The Family Values 2001 Tour compilation.
His former group, Led Zeppelin sometimes included it in live medleys with "Whole Lotta Love".
In 1973, Dave Edmunds had a UK Top 5 hit with the song, using his then popular "wall of sound" technique, borrowed from Phil Spector.
"You Win My Love" was later included on Twain's 2004 Greatest Hits package.
"The Bitter End" is a single by British alternative rock band Placebo from their fourth studio album, Sleeping with Ghosts, released in 2003.
"I Wish" is an R&B song recorded by American singer-songwriter R. Kelly, from the album TP-2.com.
As her personal favorite, the song was eventually included in Pink's debut compilation album Greatest Hits...
They first formed in 1991 and have performed in Australia, Europe and the US.
RCA and Sony Music Entertainment later released the song as a CD single.
The remix by Laurence Maddy is called the Radio Edit on the promo CD and simply Remix on the German maxi single.
Tammi Terrell also recorded and released the song as a part of her Irresistible album released in January, 1969.
The song was produced by West and features singer Syleena Johnson.
"Lovely Head" is an electronic song performed by British group Goldfrapp.
It peaked at number 21 on the Australian ARIA Singles Chart in December 2001.
"Wait for the Blackout" was covered by The Goo Goo Dolls for the Tommy Boy soundtrack.
Most of the time, her performances of "Like a Virgin" were associated with strong reaction and uproar from the media.
In the United States, "Day Tripper" peaked at number 5 on the Billboard Hot 100 chart while "We Can Work It Out" held the top position.
"The Diary of Jane" is a song by American rock band Breaking Benjamin.
The lyrics describe a man driving a V8 Ford chasing his unfaithful girlfriend in her Cadillac Coupe DeVille.
Due to conflicts with the label, "Gomenasai" was t.A.T.u's last single with Interscope.
The song was performed during the 1995 World Championships in Athletics opening ceremony in Göteborg.
It reached the number two position on the Billboard Hot 100 in the United States, becoming her third top-five single there.
is a teen pop and bubblegum pop song with a cheerleading style, making it similar in this respect to Toni Basil's song "Mickey".
The original LP version from Fool for the City lasts 8 minutes and 14 seconds.
As she began to doze off, he felt himself beginning to die and he wrote the words to the song on a notepad.
It follows "Welcome to the Machine" and on the original LP opened side two.
Danish as "Det sker kun én gang i mit liv" by Peter Belli
The single was titled after the cheap Commodore computer cassettes that they were copied onto.
The song "Baby Day" is included on the single as a b-side.
Commercially, the song was as successful as the other singles from the album in the United Kingdom, where it peaked at number three.
"Save Room" is a song by American recording artist John Legend, taken from his second album, Once Again.
The lyrics were rewritten by song composer Mike Chapman, and the song was released to radio stations in North and South America on October 6, 1998.
It was a cassette single with the previously unreleased "Welcome 2 the Dawn", advertised as being from the upcoming album The Dawn.
Subsequently, Them's uptempo rock arrangement also made it a rock standard.
It reached number 1 on the UK Singles Chart for three weeks and reached the top ten in many other European countries.
From 2004 to 2007 the BBC used the name Making Your Mind Up for their Eurovision selection show in honour of the song.
Written by band members Annie Lennox and David A. Stewart, the song is a cast-off to an unfaithful lover.
The song is also popularly known by its opening lyric, "Jeremiah was a bullfrog".
The guitar riff was also used by Dave "Baby" Cortez in his 1962 instrumental song "Rinky Dink", also credited to Diddley.
"Blood on the Dance Floor" was the only track from the remix album performed on the HIStory World Tour.
After the rapper was given a diminished role in the music video, she criticized Jackson online.
"Tears in the Morning" is a song written by Bruce Johnston for the American rock band The Beach Boys.
"Just Like a Woman" is a song written by Bob Dylan and first released on his 1966 album, Blonde on Blonde.
Rolling Stone magazine ranked the song number 272 on its list of the "500 Greatest Songs of All Time" in 2004.
The songs were chosen from the Beatles' films, A Hard Day's Night, Help!, Magical Mystery Tour, Yellow Submarine and Let It Be.
33 – a disappointment, but it would be Tin Machine’s biggest hit single.
Upon its release, "Victim of Love" became the second UK Top 10 single for Erasure, peaking at number seven.
50 in the US, where "Dandelion" was promoted as the A-side.
After the album was shelved, the song was rearranged and issued as a single in July 1967 with "You're Welcome" as the B-side.
While some praised Noel's ability to lighten the mood of his target audience, others felt that the song was disappointing and forgettable.
It is considered the most well known song within its genre.
Holly Valance recorded the track for her debut album Footprints and was the second song released from the album.
In the United States, it peaked at number 78 on the Billboard Hot 100 on September 15, 2001.
5 on the Billboard Hot 100 chart.
It was written and produced by Madonna in collaboration with Stuart Price, and released as the lead single from the album.
However, five bonus tracks are included in Epic's 2007 reissue of Fresh, all of which are directly from the alternate mix of the album.
The song was also critically acclaimed, receiving a nomination for Best Hard Rock Performance at the 2003 Grammy Awards.
The song was released as the lead single from the band's 1992 album, Apollo 18.
In antiquity it was a symbol of divine power and a guardian of the divine.
To date, it is the 31st best-selling single of all time in the UK, selling 1.49 million copies.
", and one night before the song's first recording session, on January 21, 1985.
She was later identified as Lorraine Crosby.
"Never Can Say Goodbye" is a song written by Clifton Davis and originally recorded by The Jackson 5.
The word "oxbow" can also refer to a U-shaped bend in a river or stream, whether or not it is cut off from the main stream.
It was nominated for a Grammy Award for Best Pop Performance by a Duo or Group with Vocals.
The single version of the song adds a drum track to the song, and is shorter.
is a 1988 song by American singer La Toya Jackson, taken from her 1988 album La Toya.
It features Spears dancing in a sauna.
"Age of Loneliness" is a 1994 single by the musical group, Enigma.
"My Happy Ending" is a song by Canadian singer-songwriter Avril Lavigne, written by herself and Butch Walker for her second studio album, Under My Skin.
This was later denied by the band.
"Sink, Florida, Sink" is a song by the Gainesville, Florida-based punk rock band Against Me!, released as the second single from their 2003 album Against Me!
"Back Door Man" is a blues song written by Willie Dixon and recorded by Howlin' Wolf in 1960.
The song was written by Donald Fagen and Walter Becker and features Fagen on vocals.
This was originally backed with another interview with Uncle Charlie, also taken from the album.
It failed to make the top 40 in either the United Kingdom or the US Billboard Hot 100.
It was used as the theme song for the drama Hatsutaiken.
So, I was writing a song about the goddess.
The title is inspired by the “typical psychobabble” present in talk shows.
It entered the top forty in Germany, Ireland and The Netherlands, and became Bedingfield's fourth United Kingdom top ten single release.
The song was written by Martin Kierszenbaum, and production was handled by Kierszenbaum and Robert Orton.
Eventually new groups and categories of life were discovered, such as cells and microorganisms, forcing dramatic revisions of the structure of relationships between living organisms.
The night of its release the band performed at Irving Plaza in New York City and sold the single at the door.
It was issued as the third single from his fifth studio album, Stillmatic.
It was originally conceived by Roger Taylor.
The song's title, as well as its status as a minor release, contributed to its special catalog number "LITTLE15".
"He Loves U Not" is a song by American girl group Dream.
The distinctive guitar introduction to the "Bristol Stomp" is identical to that in "Everyday of the Week," a charting doo-wop single by The Students in 1958.
The song was written by Billy Corgan.
"Unpretty" is a song by American recording group TLC.
The song was certified 2x Platinum, having sold over 2,000,000 paid downloads.
In the United Kingdom, it was her first top ten single, and it reached the top 20 in Australia.
John Lennon: "Please Please Me is my song completely.
It is the final song on the album, and has been a concert staple for years.
Although initially not commercially successful, the song is one of the band's most famous and popular songs, frequently played at concerts.
In scientific notation, it is written as 108.
Webb commented: "Those lyrics were all very real to me: there was nothing psychedelic about it to me.
"Enough Cryin" a song by American recording artist Mary J. Blige from her seventh studio album, The Breakthrough.
A live performance of the song appears on Hotei's 2001 live album, Rock the Future Tour 2000-2001.
"Suicide Alley" is the debut single by Welsh alternative rock band Manic Street Preachers.
"To Sir With Love" was initially recorded by Lulu.
Chavez was not credited on the song, which led to a lawsuit against Kravitz.
"The Motivation Proclamation" is the second single from Good Charlotte's self-titled debut album.
"The One I Love" is a song by American alternative rock band R.E.M.
It also reached the top ten in Sweden, Australia and France.
"Take Five" is a jazz standard composed by Paul Desmond and originally recorded by the Dave Brubeck Quartet for its 1959 album Time Out.
The song also went to number-one on the U.S.
"Earth Song" is the third single from Michael Jackson's album HIStory: Past, Present and Future, Book I.
It was released as a single on November 26, 2003.
The lyrics depict Tyler in a daze due to love.
A wheel is a circular component that is intended to rotate on an axle bearing.
Throughout the song, the horns are given the chance to shine, along with a sax solo from Brian Gallagher.
"Trick Me" was not released in the United States as her American label, Arista, folded after the release of Tasty, and she was transferred to Jive.
The single was certified Gold by the Australian Recording Industry Association in 2006 and platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America.
The song also served to promote the Christmas romantic comedy Love Actually, being featured in its accompannying soundtrack.
It has been noted for redefining the sound of late 1990s music.
The song was also part of Carey's 1998 Butterfly World Tour, and was performed during many future tours and concerts.
The original song was made notable in the United States by the viral video of Gary Brolsma dancing to the song, calling it "Numa Numa".
"The Revolution Will Not Be Televised" is a poem and song by Gil Scott-Heron.
The peak position in the United States is hard to track precisely, due to the multiple charts used in Billboard magazine.
The song was inducted into the Latin Grammy Hall of Fame in 2001.
The song's protagonist declares "Boy I think that I'm in love with you, got me doin' silly things when it comes to you".
"Everything to Me" is the debut single recorded by American singer Brooke Hogan.
The song has become an inspiration to other artists, and remains a seminal component of the alternative rock movement of the early and mid-1990s.
The song utilizes car culture as a metaphor to comment on people's lifestyles.
No follow-up singles under The Heights name were ever released.
The song has been compared by critics to her previous single "What Do I Have to Do".
Their first single Asia no Junshin became an instant hit in Japan where it sold more than a million records and help to catapult the group.
"This Corrosion" is a song by English rock band the Sisters of Mercy.
The song also peaked at number three on the U.S.
Commercially, the track fared well on record charts, entering the top ten in countries including Austria, Germany, Italy, Switzerland and the United Kingdom.
"I Should Have Known Better" was re-recorded for Diamond's 1993 solo album Jim Diamond.
It peaked at #131 on the Australian ARIA singles chart.
It also spent three consecutive weeks at #1 on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs February 5–19, 2000.
They complimented the theme of the song, the vocals of Beyoncé, and the verse-raps.
"Somewhere I Belong" is a song by American rock band Linkin Park.
In 2011, a team of scientific researchers concluded that the song was the catchiest in the history of popular music.
The video features a freestyle from comedian Shawty.
The unique video, directed by The Malloys, featured the band performing in a virtually empty room that gradually closed in on them throughout the song.
The song was recorded during October–December 1985 at Sweet Silence Studios in Copenhagen, Denmark.
"Sweet Flower" is The Grace's 3rd single in Japan.
The track is a mix of many hits and well-known songs from Prince's career.
Written and sung by bassist Kim Deal, the song was released exclusively through the iTunes Store on June 15, 2004.
"Wish You Well" peaked in the top 30 on the New Zealand Singles Chart.
The behavior of humans falls within a range with some behavior being common, some unusual, some acceptable, and some beyond acceptable limits.
"Maybellene" is considered one of the pioneering rock songs: Rolling Stone magazine wrote, "Rock & roll guitar starts here."
Ahmadzaï used the stutter edit to create a new groove.
The 12" single features an extended version of this remix, rather than an extended version of the track as it appears on the album.
It was originally recorded by the Eagles, and included on their 1974 album On the Border.
"Road Trippin'" is a song by the American rock band Red Hot Chili Peppers from their 1999 album, Californication.
"Bang Bang You're Dead" is a song by the band Dirty Pretty Things.
The sleeve for the single, including the 12" and the double single pack, featured Gill Price, Weller's girlfriend at the time.
It was released as the second single from Sweetnam's debut album Noise From the Basement in March 9, 2004 through EMI Canada.
It was re-released on August 30, 2006.
"I Can't Unlove You" is a song recorded by American country music artist Kenny Rogers.
The single debuted at number 96 on the US Billboard Hot 100 chart.
It debuted and peaked at number seven on the UK Singles Chart, lower than her previous singles from her second album.
It won her an Ivor Novello Award in 2006 in the category of Best Song Musically and Lyrically.
It was the first single from the album.
It was released about nine months after Carly Simon's affair with Jagger and the release of the song, "You're So Vain".
Calamity Crush is a song by Foetus Art Terrorism, written by J. G. Thirlwell.
A music video for the song received play on MTV and MTV Europe.
Following the overwhelming success of Girls Aloud's debut single "Sound of the Underground", the group waited five months until May 2003 before releasing the follow-up.
In the United States, "Sing for the Moment" reached number fourteen on the Billboard Hot 100.
This depicts the Wrestling Superstars figure of George "The Animal" Steele.
"Sweet Little Sixteen" also reached number one on the R&B Best Sellers chart.
There are two different versions of the single.
Bowie re-recorded this track in 1996 for his 1997 album Earthling, but the track was not released on the album.
"Errtime" was a single by the rapper Nelly released in March 2005, from the soundtrack to the 2005 film, The Longest Yard.
The first ever single to be certified multi-platinum, "We Are the World" received a Quadruple Platinum certification by the Recording Industry Association of America.
Colin Meloy of The Decemberists also covers the track on his solo album Colin Meloy Sings Morrissey.
This song was used on Match of the Day 2 as background music during the showing of Saturday's goals from 2004 to 2008.
It reached number 11 on the chart, becoming her first solo single to peak below the top 10.
"Do It Again" is a song by American rock band The Beach Boys, written by Brian Wilson and Mike Love, who also share lead vocals.
"Baby Britain" is a song by American singer-songwriter Elliott Smith.
The song's lyrics, which feature dark humor, are a sarcastic take on issues such as disease and violent sex.
The limited edition was wrapped in a special package and had five photo cards with catalog number EPCE-5348.
Some facilities measure the downtime incurred during a work shift, or during a 12- or 24-hour period.
"The Death of God" is the second and most recent CD single by Roy Harper, released on April 2005.
The song's official remix featuring American rapper Riff Raff was released on August 25, 2014.
"The Beautiful Occupation" is the second single from Scottish indie rock band Travis' fourth studio album, 12 Memories.
It shows Lee performing on a concert along with the band, while fans are turning into zombies.
It was highly successful in other countries.
"Monkey Gone to Heaven" was released as the first single from Doolittle in the United States and United Kingdom.
It's declaration, "Down Wit' O.P.P" was a popular catchphrase in the United States in the early-1990s.
This song was dubbed into many megamix tracks and has had remix versions.
"Mad World" is a 1982 song by the British band Tears for Fears.
Others commented on the song's perceived aggressive tone and the vocal style, the broad genres heard and possible lyrical interpretations of the song.
A further one was supposed on Flapping Jet from San Diego but Turbonegro called it quits before the deal was settled.
It achieved success in many countries, including Switzerland and the Netherlands where it topped the chart.
It was included on her first album La voix du bon Dieu.
There are two other Jock Jam mixes besides this one; both were released on the next installment of the series.
The song, which was written by members and brothers, Angus and Malcolm Young, was released as a single on 28 February 2000.
"Hands Open" is the second American single from Snow Patrol's fourth album, Eyes Open.
Both are considerably different in feel from the more hard driving techno-dance original.
Allmusic critic Ed Hogan claims that the song uses the same chords as The Supremes' 1964 hit "Where Did Our Love Go," also written by Holland-Dozier-Holland.
The song was written by Paul DiFranco and Norman Dolph.
It spent nine weeks at #1 in the single chart, the longest run of a New Zealand single until 2009.
It was released as the second single from their fourth studio album Tourism on 28 October 1992.
Also included on the 12" single, was an unlisted track; a different version "Link" from Bananarama.
The song is regarded as an American standard due to its long-time popularity with both music listeners and recording artists.
Upon its release, it generated instant attention and became a commercial success, peaking at number one on the US Billboard Hot 100 for five weeks.
The single's music video directed by Marc Klasfeld and filmed in Los Angeles, California, featured Destiny's Child performing dance choreographies portraying three different characters.
The music starts with blues slide guitar followed by a throbbing rhythm section before the vocals break in.
This track was also produced by Tino Izzo.
It thus stands as something of a one-off in Contest history, and is regarded with interest by many fans of the Contest.
The song was written by Babyface, Daryl Simmons, and Bo Watson, and was featured on the soundtrack to the romantic comedy film Boomerang.
The single also found reasonable success in Italy, peaking at #3, selling around 9,000 copies.
It's such a Jewish line, and I love that."
The song is almost always in the band's live set-lists, and also appears on the Tokyo Blitz DVD.
"Pour Some Sugar on Me" is a song by the English rock band Def Leppard from their 1987 album Hysteria.
This song features on Jonatan's debut album Siempre 23.
"Nothing's Gonna Stop Us Now" is a song co-written by Albert Hammond and Diane Warren, recorded by the American rock band Starship in 1986.
However, the Tego version was released by famous reggaeton label Planet Records Italy, instead of Island Def Jam, N.O.R.E.
"That's All Right" is a song written and originally performed by blues singer Arthur Crudup.
"The Last Time" is the first single from Agnetha Fältskog's third English solo-album I Stand Alone, released in 1987.
Most contemporary critics were positive toward the song, who praised the duo's vocal and deemed it as one of the album's highlights.
The song was released on June 1, 1989 as the second North American and first European single release from the album.
Like much of The Joshua Tree, the song was inspired by the group's interest in American music.
The track spent a total of 11 weeks in the charts.
It also reached the top ten in Australia, Austria, Canada, Denmark, Finland, Italy, Sweden, Switzerland and the United Kingdom.
A small segment is also featured in the Criminal Minds episode "True Night".
The music video for the song was directed by Kevin Godley.
It entered the American Top 40 charts on April 22, 1978, reaching number 21, and remained in the Top 40 for six weeks.
The song did not become a hit until the release of Clooney's recording.
5 in both charts and reached the Dutch Top 10 in 2011.
"If You Wanna Be Happy" is a 1963 song recorded by Jimmy Soul, written by Joseph Royster, Carmella Guida and Frank Guida.
It topped the chart twice, non-consecutively; toppled by and later replacing The Beatles' "I Feel Fine" in December 1964 and January 1965.
Although she initially intended to do a straight cover of Shear's version, she turned it into a pop ballad instead.
It remained on top for six weeks.
The last place named in the list is Shard End, the suburb of Birmingham, England, where Jeff Lynne was born.
It reached number 18 in the UK Singles Chart and was critically praised, with the NME giving it their Track of the Week award.
It was recorded by 1950s music act Patience and Prudence.
In 1994 Pausini released a Spanish language version of the song, titled "La soledad" and included in her first Spanish language album, Laura Pausini.
In Ireland, the song was #1 for six consecutive weeks.
"Drop It Like It's Hot" is a hit single by American rapper Snoop Dogg featuring American singer and producer Pharrell.
She did even better on the Hot Adult Contemporary Tracks peaking at number two.
As with many Glassjaw songs, "Cosmopolitan Bloodloss" is lyrically ambiguous and oddly phrased.
"Different Drum" has since been covered by other artists over the years.
On 19 June 1981 Dion made her first broadcast appearance.
Wilson explained that his and Asher's intention was to create the feeling of "being blind but in being blind, you can see more".
It has 20 million views on YouTube as of May 20, 2017.
The song reached number 30 on the Billboard Hot 100.
is the first opening theme song of the anime Fist of the North Star.
"Wherever I May Roam" is a song by American heavy metal band Metallica.
"11 O'Clock Tick Tock" was U2's second single, released 16 May 1980.
The official music video for the song premiered on Vh1.com on December 7, 2000.
Although the single was not released in the United States, the promotional video was shown on music video channels there.
As influences for the song, he cites the glam rock band Slade and the Christmas carol, "O Come, All Ye Faithful".
The first widely available release by the band, "Dirty Mind" was supported by a headline UK mini tour.
However, 2009's "Unmei Kyōdōtai" saw a return to their maxi single releases.
The sleeve design depicted the band on road bikes in a paceline, superimposed across an angled representation of the French national flag.
's previous singles, which had all been motivated by social or political issues.
"Silent Lucidity" is ranked #21 on VH1's list of "Greatest Power Ballads."
Additionally, Bowie later called the song one of his favorites from his entire career.
They first performed the song live by touring with fellow pop group *NSYNC on their No Strings Attached Tour.
It was a major hit and peaked at number 8 on the U.S. charts.
However, the version to achieve the most success came in 1974, when Aretha Franklin released it as a single.
It became their first song to top the Billboard Mainstream Rock chart and received a Grammy nomination for Best Hard Rock Performance in 2008.
Hill's vocals were accompanied by the Kestrels, who instead of singing, provided a vocal back-up of farmyard impressions.
The single sold a total of 65,873 copies, peaking at #4 on the weekly Oricon chart and charting for seven weeks.
2 on the Billboard magazine Hot Country Singles chart, and reaching No.
The original artwork depicted comes from an early 1980s advertisement for A.D.S.
Artists who have recorded cover versions of "Hot Legs" include Tom Jones, Tina Turner, and American rock band Orgy.
Originally offered to Welsh singer Tom Jones, it was released on 28 July 2003 as the third single from Williams' fifth studio album Escapology.
"Dress You Up" became Madonna's sixth consecutive top-five single in the United States.
In Germany, by HMV, as catalog number X-7293 with the flip side being a Tony Martin/Dinah Shore recording of "A Penny a Kiss"
The song was also featured on Byrne's 2007 live album Live from Austin, Texas.
They continued to tour to large audiences before semi-retiring from live performances at the end of 1976.
It is also one of the few songs in which Mercury sings all the vocals in falsetto.
Twain had the chance to perform the song at the 1993 Canadian Country Music Awards.
It was released in the U.S.A. on July 6, 1999 by Warner Bros, and WEA.
It also peaked at #6 on the US's Triple A chart.
It was released in New Zealand on 13 March 2000 as the fifth and last single from his second studio album I've Been Expecting You.
The B-side was a Maurice Gibb composition "Country Woman".
Although "If I Told You That" was a hit, it did not appear on Michael's compilation album Twenty Five.
But the line makes joyful sense when understood from the New Testament eyes through which Watts interprets the psalm.
She wants to start anew with Frankie.
During the guitar solo, fans on the front row play along with their cardboard guitars.
69 on its list "150 Best Tracks of the Past 15 Years".
It concerns a schoolgirl's crush on her teacher which leads to an affair, which in turn is discovered.
is a song by Swedish band ABBA.
"Deaf Forever" reached number 67 on the UK Singles Chart.
Williams was the head writer for The Smothers Brothers Comedy Hour at the time of the piece's release and premiered the composition on the show.
"Every Heartbeat" is a 1991 single by American Christian singer Amy Grant.
"Come Baby Come" is a song by American rapper K7 from his debut album Swing Batta Swing.
According to lead vocalist JT Woodruff, the song is about going on tour whilst leaving their girlfriends behind in Ohio.
releases since 1996's Firing Squad, as well as work for other artists including Kool G Rap, Teflon and Wu-Tang Clan.
It was recorded in 2001 after the release of their album Conspiracy of One for the movie Orange County.
Bon Jovi have occasionally covered this song during their "The Circle Tour".
as its B-side, and then in the UK in January 1977 as a maxi-single with "Big Balls" and "The Jack" as its B-sides.
It is not to be confused with the Christian hymn of the same name.
It was released as a single from the latter album on February 8, 2000.
If I'd go, I'd have to walk."
The single was released in late November 2005.
It was written by Morissette and Glen Ballard, who also produced the entire album.
The countries most devoted to bicycle racing include Belgium, Denmark, France, Germany, Italy, the Netherlands, Spain and Switzerland.
It has also been observed by crowds in political rallies to drown out and mock disruptive protestors who are being escorted out by security.
The song charted highest in Austria, peaking at number 13.
"Attitude" peaked at #14 on the UK Singles Chart, becoming the group's highest charting single since "She's in Fashion" in 1999.
"Route Zero" is a single from the Norwegian band Turbonegro released on 7" Vinyl in 1989 by Straitjacket Records, bassist Thomas Seltzer's own label.
The song was the original theme song to Grey's Anatomy, and appears on its season one soundtrack, Grey's Anatomy Original Soundtrack Volume 1.
It was released on January 25, 2000, as the fourth single from On the 6.
"Come Together" is a song by the Beatles written primarily by John Lennon and credited to Lennon–McCartney.
12 hit on the Easy Listening chart and reached No.
It is a live DJ mix recording of Flash scratching and mixing records from various groups using three turntables.
The song charted at number three on the Billboard Bubbling Under R&B/Hip-Hop Singles chart.
Steve Strange was on lead vocals, meanwhile the French lyrics were spoken by Rusty Egan's Belgian girlfriend Brigitte Arens.
** Released in CD format on the 2012 Cherry Pop reissue of the Rock the World'm album
The single was released on July 25, 1991.
Since its original 1951 recording it has been covered by a variety of artists.
The line "Comin down like bats from Stacey Koon" is a reference to Sgt.
"Radio Radio" is a single by Elvis Costello and The Attractions released in the United Kingdom in October 1978.
"Don't Wanna Think About You" was released to radio on March 2, 2004.
It was described by The New York Times as expressing "a clenched, driven urgency".
It reached No.1 in the UK in early 1982 - the second single by the band to do so.
The band members appear as extras whom the man bumps into or passes on the street.
The song was remixed with additional and modified lyrics for the 2004 film New York Minute.
The video cost £150,000, most of it for computer special effects.
It went straight in at number one in the UK Singles Chart, spending three weeks at the top.
"Miss Love Tantei" is the 6th and the last single of the Hello!
The song was co-written by Norwegian singer Marion Raven for her debut solo album, but was given to Tammin instead.
However, the so-called "Final" version of the song was included on Black Celebration, released the following year.
"Forever and Ever" is a UK number-one single by Scottish glam rock band Slik, released in 1975.
The song was a UK Singles Chart number one hit on 27 April 1967, staying at the top for a total of three weeks.
1; while the track does appear on the 2000 re-release of From Elvis in Memphis, it was not included on the original 1969 album.
"La solitudine" is an Italian ballad recorded by pop singer Laura Pausini and released as her debut single by CGD in February 1993.
Written by Steve Harris, the band's bass player and primary songwriter, it serves as the title track to Iron Maiden's 1992 album Fear of the Dark.
The promo video featured 4 female drummers as a tribute to Jon Lee.
This version peaked just peaked number 44 on the Hot 100, it was more successful on the Adult Contemporary chart where it peaked at number 8.
It was the lead single from his eighth studio album, The Rhythm of the Saints, released by Warner Bros. Records.
"Trippin'" is a song by American recording artist Toni Braxton.
Recorded in March 1990, the single was produced by Love's then-husband, James Moreland.
MTV nominated the music video for six MTV Video Music Awards in 1996, winning three of them.
"What I Like About You" is a song by American rock band The Romantics.
The music video was directed by Jim Yukich and produced by Paul Flattery for FYI
It was originally recorded by The Monkees, with Davy Jones singing lead vocals.
The song was used by the Toronto Raptors as its entrance song during home games in 2006.
"Pretty Vegas" is the first single released from Switch, the eleventh studio album by the Australian rock band INXS and first with new lead singer J.D.
Chris originally sang in Melbourne crust band Compost.
It was released as a single on January 27, 1956, Presley's first on his new record label RCA Victor.
Several cover versions of the song have been recorded.
One of his most popular singles, "50 Ways" was released in December 1975 and began to see chart success within the new year.
As far as I am concerned, I try to make my own excesses, which are real, not leading to a sad end.
The song was included on her first Mixtape, Because I Love It Volume 1.
It was released as a CD single in 2002.
The pop/dance tune became the highest-charting and biggest-selling single released from the Pop Life album, climbing to number twenty in the UK singles chart.
When Loaded was originally released in 1970, the song's bridge was cut.
The remix, which was titled "I Wish - Remix featured Hip Hop duo Boo & Gotti, who were then signed to his Rockland Records imprint.
Adult Top 40 chart and also topped the Mainstream Top 40 chart.
The song's lyrics describe the singer's appreciation for her lover who is lauded as "my number one" and "the only treasure I'll ever have".
The song is structured like a twelve-bar blues.
The classic tenor saxophone solo was played by Los Angeles session player and recording artist, Gerald Albright.
The lyrics are nearly identical in both these versions, except for one verse:
It is the seventh track on the band's fourth studio album Ixnay on the Hombre and was released as the second single from the album.
The song was a mere 1 minute 55 seconds in length.
"Let's Work" was the second single from the 1981 album, Controversy, by Prince.
The song was written by Jackson, and co-produced by Jackson and Quincy Jones.
Singer-songwriter and MoveOn cultural director Laura Dawn is featured on lead vocals alongside Moby himself.
The song was also released as the B-side of the "Stairway to Heaven" 7-inch 45 rpm picture disc.
The second video is the band playing in the same sort of cave/room but without the Dragonball Z scenes.
Lyrically, it is a showcase of the double life lived by the series' protagonist Miley Stewart.
The song is considered one of the earliest examples of rock and roll music.
After the second single "Never Ever" reached #1, the track was re-released where it peaked at #12.
"Childhood" is an auto-biographical song written and composed by Michael Jackson.
Juárez is located just across the U.S.-Mexican border from El Paso, Texas, At the Drive-In's home town.
An extended version of the song was available on the 12" single.
28 on the Billboard Hot 100, their only single to reach the top 40, and No.
The song reached number twenty-five on the U.S.
The opening line of the song's intro and chorus is taken from the German children's TV show Sandmännchen, which provided children with a bedtime story.
"Blue Suede Shoes" is a rock-and-roll standard written and first recorded by Carl Perkins in 1955.
It peaked at number 14 on the Billboard Hot 100 and number 2 on the British singles chart.
The song was ranked at #318 on the Rolling Stone magazine's list of The 500 Greatest Songs of All Time.
"Smack My Bitch Up" is a song by British rave group the Prodigy.
The song spent five weeks at number one on the Billboard Soul Singles chart and peaked at No.
This was unlike the rest of the album, where most of the music was written by the other members with Gabriel focusing on lyrics.
Though its imagery was criticized for her mature look, the video has also been iconic to Minogue's artistry style and imagery beyond the song.
The medley was released by EMI on the His Master's Voice label as catalog number B 10457.
"Sleeping Sun" is a power ballad by Nightwish.
Franklin also included a live recording on the album Aretha in Paris in 1968.
It was certified platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America for shipments of over one million copies sold.
"L'univers a besoin d'amour" is a single by Celine Dion, released in 1986 in Quebec, Canada.
The song also spent four weeks atop the US Billboard Album Rock Tracks chart.
The song is pop/rock-based number that tells the story of spiritual enlightenment and of Prince's decision to marry Mayte Garcia.
"Vic Acid" is a single by the electronic artist Squarepusher, released on April 1, 1997 on Warp Records.
Lyrically, the song makes reference to fighting against negativity in life as well as waiting for the right person before falling in love.
During recording sessions, it had the working titles of "Ring It In" and "Number 1, Number 1".
The song was met with a degree of controversy, since the lyrics were interpreted or likely speculated by many as having sexual connotations.
It was written by Freddie Mercury for the band's 1975 album A Night at the Opera.
Harris wore a long coat that came down to the knees, and apparently had three identical legs.
Aaron Carter covered "Little Bitty Pretty One" for the 2001 Disney movie The Princess Diaries.
The video was shot in Barcelona, Spain, and directed by Hype Williams.
"Robo Kiss" is the third single of the Hello!
An accompanying music video was directed by Fatima Robinson and features Fergie and will.i.am in a candy factory, supposedly inspired by Willy Wonka.
This session has yet to emerge on any of the Beatles bootlegs.
"Eleanor Rigby" is a song by the Beatles, released on the 1966 album Revolver and as a 45 rpm single.
"Time Beat" is the first commercial release from the BBC Radiophonic Workshop.
Given this theme of negativity, the "Down Town" song title may be intended as a double entendre or pun.
Kick Out the Jams is a song by MC5, released as a single in March 1969 by Elektra Records.
It brought us down to reality a bit."
The single peaked at #48 in UK.
His journey was called the "Man in Motion Tour."
The song also stayed at number 1 for several weeks in several other countries.
The music video gained rotation on MTV2 and MMUSA upon its release in early 2002.
"Letitgo" is a song by American musician Prince from his 1994 album Come.
An accompanying music video does not follow the dramatic story told in the song at all and instead centers on Jessica in a photo shoot.
"Not Tonight" is a song performed by American rap artist Lil' Kim, featuring Jermaine Dupri, for her debut studio album Hard Core.
Billboard Hot 100, and went on to become 22nd best-seller of 1971.
The song was first recorded by The Temptations as a track on their 1966 album Gettin' Ready.
The single is widely considered to be the group's signature song since RBD is short for Rebelde.
It was also a top 10 hit in Australia, New Zealand and most of Europe.
"All the Things She Said" is a song by Russian duo t.A.T.u.
It achieved first week sales of 118,135 units in the United Kingdom.
Like nearly all of Sly & the Family Stone's songs, Sylvester "Sly Stone" Stewart was credited as the sole songwriter.
It was released on their 1964 album The Beach Boys' Christmas Album.
The critical reception of "Fergalicious" was positive, with many praising it as a catchy and danceable track.
"Nisam ista"/"Things Are Going My Way" is the debut single released by the winner of Idol Serbia, Montenegro & Macedonia, Cveta Majtanović.
"Islands in the Stream" is a song written by the Bee Gees and sung by American country music artists Kenny Rogers and Dolly Parton.
debuted and peaked at number 93 on the Billboard Hot 100.
"Fragile" is the theme song of Fuji Television's Ainori, broadcast between October 2000 and September 2001.
It was their final US single before they formally disbanded in 1980.
The week prior to the single's physical release, "It's Not That Easy" entered the top 75 at #41 on downloads alone.
Although recorded in 1980, the English-language song was released as a single in Europe in 1999 and charted at no.
Released in late August 2004, the single saw minor success with peaking at #71 on Billboard's R&B/Hip-Hop chart.
5 in the United States, and by December 2012 had sold more than 2,722,000 digital downloads.
The song was written as early as 1983 and was among those considered for The Jacksons' Victory album.
The song is sung from the point of view of a nightlight.
Despite this reason, it is listed in some variations of the film's soundtrack.
The song was featured on the soundtrack of the video game Grand Theft Auto: Episodes from Liberty City on the fictional in-game station Self-Actualization FM.
The music video shows Girls Aloud driving sports cars.
"Pour un instant" is a song by the Quebec folk rock band Harmonium from their 1974 self-titled debut album.
In 1997, John performed a rewritten version of the song as a tribute to Diana, Princess of Wales.
The incident inspired Green to compose the full song.
It was certified gold by the Recording Industry Association of America.
It also became a number-one hit for both artists on the Hot Rap Songs chart and stayed there for seven weeks.
Wonder re-recorded the song for the 1995 live album Natural Wonder.
It also serves as the opening number to her Las Vegas residency show, Jennifer Lopez: All I Have, which commenced in 2016.
It is internationally known as the Hives' signature song.
The song was released as a single on Relentless Records in 2001.
"Secret Agent Man" is a song written by P. F. Sloan and Steve Barri.
The single version, released to radio and retail sale, merged both the opening and closing lyrics of the theme song from the television series.
"Kokoro no Senshi" is the second single by Japanese singer Angela Aki.
"Where the Wild Roses Grow" was also certified Gold in Australia for selling 50,000 copies.
Writing credits for the song are shared by Don Felder, Don Henley, and Glenn Frey.
In Canada, the song made #2 on the RPM Magazine Hot Singles chart.
It is the seventh single by French singer Alizée.
The lyrics are by Terry Siganos, the music is written by Mando herself and it was produced by Johnny Jam.
"The Boys Are Back in Town" is a single from Irish hard rock band Thin Lizzy.
Billboard magazine placed the single at number three on the Year-End Hot 100 singles of 1970 list.
The car referred to is the 1932 Ford Model 18.
"Father of Mine" is a rock song by the band Everclear from the 1997 album So Much for the Afterglow.
The B-side was another track from Lodger called "Repetition", a story of domestic violence.
In 1978, Shaun Cassidy reached the top 40 with his cover version.
Promotional U.K. copies and some foreign releases mistakenly printed the title "Point Me to the Sky" on the label and or sleeve.
The song is one of many by the Beach Boys that virtually defined the California myth.
It did not chart but made number 124 outside the UK singles chart.
A hit in nightclubs, "I Can't Help It" climbed to number seven on the U.S.
Lyrically, "The Down Town" ambiguously details a town of drug users who are afraid of change and suppressive of the narrator.
"Breaking the Habit" is a song by American rock band Linkin Park.
The original members were Chris Patches, Greg Stainsby, Briony Grigg, and Alice Green.
Backed by guitars, synthesisers and drum instruments, "Cowboy Style" is a Celtic pop track in which Minogue sings about her relationship with Stephane Sednaoui.
The single is noted for its music video starring Kelly Preston in a mother-daughter love triangle with lead singer Adam Levine.
The song did however peak at number six in the United Kingdom, becoming a success there.
It was released on April 27, 2005 under the Zetima label, and went on to sell a total of 59,287 copies.
So those thoughts came back to me when I moved on to Texas about three months later.
Gene and Eunice's versions were on the charts for 7 weeks and reached #6 on the Billboard R&B charts.
The song is a jazz standard, and has been covered by thousands of musicians.
Released in December 2000, it featured the song "L'alizé" as well as an instrumental version of it.
The version played is a different version of the one that made into the album, where Ana's voice sound a bit more "girly".
"Where Does My Heart Beat Now" was written by Robert White Johnson and Taylor Rhodes in 1988 and recorded by Dion one year later.
The song was released as a single in the UK on 27 June 1983 when it reached No.
Cash went home and wrote the song "Cry!
The song became a number-one hit on the Billboard Hot 100, and its extended music video, directed by Paul Hunter, was a hit on MTV.
In 2004, the song earned Ashanti a Grammy nomination for Best Female R&B Vocal Performance.
It was released on the Gordy label, and written by Norman Whitfield and Barrett Strong.
This provided considerable exposure, much needed as Bowie opted to do nothing to promote the single himself, and helped the song to No.
The video also featured cameo appearances by 50 Cent, Tony Yayo, Lil Scrappy, Mobb Deep, M.O.P., DJ Kayslay Winky Wright, and Ron Artest.
It was released in 1987 by British group The Firm.
"A Toast to Men" received positive reviews from critics, who noted its composition and Ford's sex appeal.
"Hollaback Girl" is a song recorded by American singer Gwen Stefani for her debut solo studio album, Love.
"(They Long to Be) Close to You" is a popular song written by Burt Bacharach and Hal David, most notably sung by the Carpenters.
The song is the album's opening track, and was released as its second single.
After SexySexObsessive was shelved, "A Toast to Men" was promoted as a solo single.
Their place was taken by Ash performing "There's a Star".
"Let There Be Rock" is a song by Australian hard rock band AC/DC.
It was written by Rhemario "Rio Beats" Webber and Elliott for her fifth studio album The Cookbook, while production was handled by the former.
It has been categorized as jangle pop.
Columbia Records released it as the album's fourth and final single on June 14, 2005.
The single peaked at #2 on the Billboard Mainstream Rock Tracks chart and #7 on the Modern Rock Tracks chart.
Two versions of the song were produced for On the 6; one as a ballad and the other as a salsa.
Her involvement with Powell had led her to become involved with the B.E.F.
In 2007, "Why Do You Love Me" was remastered and included on Garbage's greatest hits album Absolute Garbage.
In the UK, "Over My Head" was released as the second single from the album, following "How to Save a Life".
The promotion and merchandise aided the success of "We Are the World" and raised over $63 million for humanitarian aid in Africa and the US.
It was the ninth and final number-one hit for the Bee Gees in the US.
The B-side, "Handshake", was an instrumental that essentially mixed up the sounds used on the A-side.
"Azúcar Amargo" is a Latin pop song sung by Mexican singer Fey.
"The Adventure" is also featured as downloadable content in the karaoke game Lips and in the music game Rock Band.
The song was released to American clubs and dance radio in July 2001.
His previous single, "Moody Blue", had been a number-one hit on the US Country Charts earlier in 1977.
"Heaven for Everyone" is a song written by Roger Taylor.
The edit of "Escape" was included on 1993's The Hits/The B-Sides.
"Break It Off" is a song by Barbadian singer Rihanna from her second studio album A Girl like Me, and features guest vocals from Sean Paul.
Despite a modern sound and a well-known producer, the single was not a resounding success.
A radio edit of "Never Too Far" is release and found as the opening track of the song's release.
It is their last Top Ten hit on the Hot 100.
"Behind These Hazel Eyes" is a song recorded by American singer Kelly Clarkson for her second studio album, Breakaway.
It was released as a single in 1980, reaching #15 in the Canadian singles chart  as well as #18 in Sweden.
It was written by Daryl Hall and Janna Allen, and produced by the duo.
In New Zealand, the song reached number 15.
It was released in April 2005 as the second single from the album This Woman.
The rap duo EPMD sampled "Cheap Sunglasses" on their song "You're a Customer".
The song is about a relationship that Pink has ended, but the ex-boyfriend wants Pink back.
In the U.S., it was certified Gold on 5 February 1973 and Platinum on 13 September 1995 by the RIAA.
The melody to this section was also created spontaneously, as it is not in Chris Kenner's original track.
Elsewhere, it reached the top five in Ireland and New Zealand.
"Fighting Temptations" was released as the lead single from the soundtrack album of the movie on July 5, 2003 through Columbia Records.
"The Way It Is" is a song recorded by Bruce Hornsby and the Range from their 1986 album The Way It Is.
Pitchfork Media and Rolling Stone placed it on their lists of Best Songs of the 2000s.
In the rest of the world, the song topped the charts in Venezuela, Spain and Hungary.
It was also his last single using the stage name 2Pac.
"Mary" in the song's title subtly refers to marijuana.
It was released in June 1989 as the second single from their eponymous debut album.
Its appearance on the Billboard Hot 100 made Cyrus the first act to have six songs debut on the chart in the same week.
The song earned Braxton her third Grammy Award for Best Female R&B Vocal Performance in 1997.
It was accompanied by a new music video which parodied musical performances of 1960s variety shows.
It lost to Eve and Gwen Stefani's "Let Me Blow Your Mind".
The original has long been a staple of alternative/new wave dance club playlists.
Spears and Madonna trade lines during the verses, and Madonna sings the bridge.
In Canada, "Suite: Judy Blue Eyes" peaked at number 11.
In its album version, "Hot Line to Heaven" is a seven-plus-minutes mid-tempo pop song.
In early 2006, this song was featured on the pop culture CBC Radio show Definitely Not the Opera during an exposé on geeks.
This led Jonathan Ross to jokingly thank 'The Rolling Stones' after Bananarama had performed the song on his TV show.
"Put Your Lights On" won a Grammy Award for Best Rock Performance by a Duo or Group with Vocal at the 2000 Grammy Awards.
The single does not appear on any of Amuro's original albums but does appear on her first compilation album, 181920.
The track spent forty-one days on the Billboard Hot 100 chart, and, as of April 2011, remains to be the group's final Top 40 hit.
In July 2009, it was voted number 100 in Triple J's Hottest 100 of all time.
Musically the song builds on Mercury's piano playing, with John Deacon and Roger Taylor providing a bass guitar and drums backing track.
Cry!," Cash signed with Sun Records after he came home from serving with the United States Air Force.
"(I Would) Die for You" was released as a CD single by Bonnier Music and EMI International following the contest.
And let you in my life forever."
The two bands also played special shows at Prague's club Roxy and London's Cargo club, and BSP gained a sponsorship deal with Budvar beer.
The single was not released in any other territories, with the exception of US promos.
Two differing versions were released in the US and the UK.
Parton, Ronstadt and Harris' recording of the song was nominated for a Grammy award in 1988 for Country Song of the Year.
Lewis's version charted first, #101 on the January 2, 1965 Billboard "Bubbling Under" chart.
It was featured in the Shrek 2 movie soundtrack.
"Boris the Spider" was written after Entwistle had been out drinking with The Rolling Stones' bass guitarist, Bill Wyman.
The single was Ne-Yo's second not to be released in the UK.
"Love Can Move Mountains" was a hit on the club charts in the US, reaching number 5 on the Hot Dance Club Play.
In 2008, the song was featured on Radiohead: The Best Of, a compilation album.
The song was featured in The OC in episode 7 of season 2.
"My Generation" also appeared on The Who's 1965 debut album, My Generation, and in greatly extended form on their live album Live at Leeds.
The song features Rogers on lead vocals and was the group's second single from the band's eponymous album The First Edition.
It was composed for the 1963 film The Pink Panther where it was performed by Fran Jeffries.
It was released as the album's fourth and final single on August 30, 2005 in North America.
There was a dispute among Wonder, his former writing partner Lee Garrett, and Lloyd Chiate as to who actually wrote the song.
"Top of the World" is a song by American singer Brandy Norwood, from her second studio album, Never Say Never.
Later, a remake of the song, entitled "The Toronto Song 2001", had a full band performing the music and included a guitar solo and different banter.
On 27 April 2010, both songs were made available as downloadable content for the Rock Band music video game series.
The song was released on November 13, 2006, as the album's fourth and final single.
"Two Tribes" is the second single by Frankie Goes to Hollywood, released in the UK by ZTT Records on 4 June 1984.
The song includes lyrics from the Powderfinger song "These Days", sung in tune by the band rather than sampled.
There is a powerful need for people to feel that gust of hope rise up again.
"Pyramid Song" peaked at #5 on the UK Singles Chart, and NME named it their "single of the week".
In early 2002, he released the song as a double A-side with "I Will Talk and Hollywood Will Listen".
"Romantic Ukare Mode" is a song by Miki Fujimoto, released as her third single on September 4, 2002, in Japan.
2 on the UK Singles Chart, making it one of the band's biggest hits.
It was released in April 2004 as the lead single from their debut album Nina Sky.
It was inducted into the Grammy Hall of Fame in 1998.
It is the first release to feature drummer Terry Williams, who filled the spot after drummer Pick Withers left the group in August 1982.
Presley recorded the track in 1957, but it was not released at that time.
Despite the massive popularity of the song, The Crystal Method almost never plays it live.
The case resulted in riots and a murder indictment against the officer, who was later acquitted in a jury trial.
The single was released with the B-side, "Can't Stop the Pop", which was first released on the Japanese edition of the album.
These theories have been denied by author John Flansburgh.
The song was written by Shaffer "Ne-Yo" Smith, Tor Erik Hermansen, Mikkel, S. Eriksen, Espen Lind, Amund Bjørklund, Beyoncé and produced by Stargate and Beyoncé.
The single peaked at number one in Sweden and Japan after a few weeks inside the Top Ten earning a gold certification.
Peggy Lee's recording reached the Billboard charts in January, 1947 peaking at No.
"Jimi Thing" is a song by American rock group Dave Matthews Band.
It was also included on the album The Slider in 1972.
A minute into the song, the power went out, prompting lead singer Ian Brown to walk off stage, cursing the venue.
"Tubthumping" is a song released by British rock band Chumbawamba in 1997.
It was written by Diane Warren and appears on the album Chase the Clouds.
Their popularity was eventually built as they made TV appearances and embarked on promotional tours.
It charted at #19 on Oricon and stayed on the charts for four weeks.
The B-side of this single included an unreleased song called "Ma chambre."
He goes inside and sadly finds her in bed with a woman and drops the flowers in heartbreak.
along with its music video on June 9, 2006, and was released on July 22, 2006, just over one week before the release of the album.
It is ranked number 208 on Rolling Stone's list of "The 500 Greatest Songs of All Time".
10 on the Billboard 200 chart and went platinum in the US upon its initial release.
31 in the ARIA chart, her 3rd highest charting single.
It was first recorded by Elvis Presley as part of the soundtrack for his 1957 motion picture, Loving You.
At the 1992 Freddie Mercury Tribute Concert, the song was co-performed by Queen and guests Joe Elliot and Slash.
Madonna has not performed the song during any promotional appearances or on any of her tours.
Lopez promoted the song through performances at the Blockbuster Entertainment Awards and VH1/Vogue Fashion Awards in 1999.
In an interview on VH1's Behind the Music, Devo's Mark Mothersbaugh stated in reaction to the song that: "I was in shock.
"Have You Ever" acted as an introduction to S Club 7's third album Sunshine.
"Breaking Up Is Hard to Do" is a song recorded by Neil Sedaka, and co-written by Sedaka and Howard Greenfield.
Stevens has recorded the song at least three times and there have also been edited versions.
It appears as the seventh track on The Who's debut album My Generation.
The band did a democratic vote and they decided to include the song in their album repertoire.
The song reached #12 on the UK Singles Chart and reached #39 on the Australian ARIA Charts.
It was released in October 2000 as the sixth single from his 1999 album L'Amour Toujours.
They are each sung as three lines.
In the United Kingdom, the song reached #34 on the UK Singles Chart.
"I Know You See It" is the second single by American rapper Yung Joc off his debut album New Joc City.
"The Beauty of Grace" hit number four on the Christian CHR Chart and number two in Japan.
It along with its b-side "He Knows I'd Love to See Him" appears on the compilation album Bona Drag.
Although frequently labeled as an anti-religion song, the song's namesake was not intended to be interpreted literally.
It was also the first number-one pop hit for the Spinners.
Carey explained that the true meaning of the song is to be interpreted by the listener, therefore not disclosing its entire meaning publicly.
Like her first single, it was released when she was still a member of the idol group, Morning Musume.
The song "Daisy Bell" is a B-side on CD 2.
"I Miss You" is the a single released by Australian singer-songwriter Darren Hayes from his debut solo album, Spin.
However, sales were low with only 26,688 copies sold while on charts.
The UK 12" single and CD release also included the album track "Push".
As of the late 20th century, "Joy to the World" was the most-published Christmas hymn in North America.
The music video in YouTube has 24 million views as of May 20, 2017.
"Pop Song 89" was covered by Motion City Soundtrack for Punk Goes 80's and by Rockfour for their record For Fans Only!.
"Someday, Someplace" is a song by the Japanese J-pop group Every Little Thing, released as their twelfth single on March 3, 1999.
It was released August 16, 1966 and later included on the group's 1966 self-titled album, which was released on October 10, 1966.
"Under the Bridge" is a song by American rock band Red Hot Chili Peppers.
The song was released as the album's second single on August 3, 1995, with "Like This and Like That" serving as its double A-side stateside.
It was featured on the set-lists of the Rainbow World Tour and The Adventures of Mimi Tour, with Trey Lorenz serving as the male vocalist.
The song is the theme song to the podcast Upon Further Review with Brian Brennan.
"It's Five O'Clock Somewhere" is a song performed by Alan Jackson and Jimmy Buffett, and written by Jim "Moose" Brown and Don Rollins.
Critical reception to the single was also favourable.
In some Persian sources the forms Ḥosayn, Hosayn, or Hossein are used.
Its B-side, a cover of Prince's "Darling Nikki" became successful at US alternative radio, peaking at number 15 there.
It was originally titled "Danny's Got a Gun" after a close friend of Tyler, but was later changed.
"Gentle on My Mind" is a song written by John Hartford, which won four 1968 Grammy Awards.
It was commercially successful, reaching number four in the United Kingdom and number 11 in the United States.
A slightly modified version of the song appeared on Jackson's seventh studio album, All for You.
It is the only Bananarama track which gives songwriting credit to new member Jacquie O'Sullivan.
It became popular after being featured in the movie The Cable Guy, as well as its film soundtrack, and soon after peaked at No.
The selection includes pieces of assorted fiddle tunes and was originally composed by Rich for a performance at a venue called The Armory in Hopkinsville, Kentucky.
Her version was released as a single through Telstar Records and peaked at number nineteen on the UK Singles Chart.
The song is about a girl whom the narrator meets at the supermarket.
"Pain Is So Close to Pleasure" is a song by Queen, included on their 1986 album A Kind of Magic.
It peaked at number 5 in the UK Singles Chart.
"She's Not Just a Pretty Face" is a song co-written and recorded by Canadian country music singer Shania Twain.
It was the lead single for the duo's debut album, Graham Nash David Crosby.
The song was released as AFI's only single from the band's extended play All Hallow's E.P..
It was released in 1992 as the third single from their self-titled fifth studio album, Metallica.
"Dance Commander" is a song by American rock band Electric Six.
The song is an attack on record companies that tried to change The Living End for the album Modern ARTillery.
Today, "Plug In Baby" is considered one of Muse's most notable songs, and has been featured on the live albums Hullabaloo Soundtrack and HAARP.
"May It Be" is a song by Irish recording artist Enya.
The song was well received by critics for its sound, its lyrical content, and that it was "sexy".
"Round Round" is a song performed by British girl group Sugababes.
The common reasons for unplanned outages are system failures or communications failures.
Cher promoted the song through appearances at Top of the Pops and Aspel and Company.
It was originally released in 1985 as the B-side to "The Show".
"One More Night" was Phil Collins' second U.S. No.
1 in France and Spain via the respective translations "Ce monde" and "Mi Mundo", both sung by Richard Anthony.
Every other record label had their own version of this popular song.
"Yassassin"", and released in Turkey as "Yassassin") is a song written by David Bowie for the 1979 album Lodger.
In the US, Jorge González was released by Capitol Records.
It was written and produced by Oliver Leiber.
In 1989, it was certified Gold by the RIAA for the sales of 500,000 copies.
"Make Me Pure" is a song by British pop singer Robbie Williams, released as the second single from his album Intensive Care in late 2005.
"Death Blooms" is a song by American heavy metal band Mudvayne and the second single from their debut album, L.D.
Madonna wrote the song's lyrics and contributed to the melody, and co-produced it with Leonard.
It peaked at number 17 on the UK Singles Chart.
It was released in September 1990 as the second single from their debut eponymous album.
"I Love This Game" is New York production group AT's first single from their third album, which features the Spanish pop singer Natalia.
Taiwanese pop singer Jolin Tsai recorded a Chinese version of the song, titled "Paradise", for using in an advertisement promoting Motorola mobile phone.
The final song on the album is "Goodnight Vienna".
"Candle in the Wind" is a threnody with music and lyrics by Elton John and Bernie Taupin.
The Finnish rendering "Lahjan Sain" was recorded by Lea Laven being the title cut of her 1983 album release.
"Father and Son" is a popular song written and performed by English singer-songwriter Cat Stevens on his 1970 album Tea for the Tillerman.
"Sweetest Sin" is a song by American recording artist Jessica Simpson.
Lyrically, the song features the protagonist persistently asking for the phone number of an individual at a club.
In 2009, it was named the 45th "Best Hard Rock" song of all time by VH1.
Arne Benoni's version was on his album As for You, released 1991.
"Sk8er Boi" is a song by Canadian singer-songwriter Avril Lavigne, released as the second single from her debut album, Let Go.
The song was one of the most added to Australian radio during April.
First edition was pressed in 1,200 copies.
Overseas it peaked at number 29 in the United Kingdom, and charted highly throughout the world.
The video features Adams and his backing band in a variety of settings, including running from the police.
Day's recording was made on June 5, 1952.
The music video was filmed at Stradbroke Island in Queensland over a three-day period.
It was released in the UK on 9 September 1991 by Factory Records and was a modest commercial success.
"What You Need" is a song recorded by the Australian band INXS.
It is considered a blues standard and "one of the most famous blues of all".
Released as a single, it reached No.
The other single that was a part of this release was "Kimi no uchi ni tsuku made zutto hashitte yuku".
Sarah McLachlan performed this song during an "in memoriam" slide show at the 61st Primetime Emmy Awards, held on September 20, 2009.
The song has also been covered by Danish singer-songwriter MØ which also gained popularity.
It has since sold a total of 107,000 copies in the United Kingdom to-date.
"What Became of the Likely Lads" is a song by the Libertines, which was released as the final single from their self-titled, second album, The Libertines.
It is the quasi-title track from that album, and was also the basis for the EP Loudest Love and the live video Louder Than Live.
The song deals with the fear of loss.
The demo version was released as a "radio teaser" shortly before the release of the album's first actual single, "Got the Life".
The panel also described it as "magnificently dreadful".
"You Are Not Alone" is the second single from Michael Jackson's album HIStory.
Envisioned as a three-minute music comedy, it was to be the ambitious centerpiece of the group's unfinished album Smile.
The CD single is unique for Streisand fans as it contains a rare Spanish-language version of her 1976 song "Evergreen".
The original Commodores' version of the song was included as the final track on Lionel Richie's greatest hits compilation album Back To Front, released in 1992.
The song was originally released in 1955 and entered the charts at #14.
"All Hooked Up" is a song by All Saints, released as the third single from their second album, Saints & Sinners.
The music video for "Little 15" was directed by Martyn Atkins, who had done previous design work for the band.
The original recording which features John Entwistle's French horn arrangement prominently in the mix is available on the album Who's Missing.
"A Good Heart" is a single by Northern Irish singer Feargal Sharkey, from his self-titled album.
Svenne & Lotta also recorded the song with the original English lyrics, both versions were included on their 1975 album Svenne & Lotta 2/Bang-A-Boomerang.
Carey describes the "vision of love" she dreamed of, as well as the present love she feels for him.
The lyrics also refer to Count Basie, Glenn Miller, Louis Armstrong and Ella Fitzgerald.
"I Believe in Father Christmas" is a song by English musician Greg Lake with lyrics by Peter Sinfield.
Townshend coined the term "power pop" when he used it to describe the song in a May 1967 interview with NME.
It was released in 1985 on Virgin Records.
The title phrase never appears in the song's lyrics.
Alex Kapranos explained to Q magazine that "the song is about seduction and the "Darts of Pleasure" that hit you are actually words."
"Sunny Sundae Smile" is a song by the alternative rock band My Bloody Valentine.
"My All" was well received by contemporary music critics and charted strongly throughout various music markets.
"All That's Left" was released to radio on June 17, 2003.
"Signal" was the theme song to a Lavenus hair care TV commercial which starred the lead vocalist, Tomiko Van.
It was like her life sentence was reprieved."
In Australia, the video premiered on various music video shows such as Rage and Video Hits, but has failed to enter the charts.
The single peaked at #33 in the UK Singles Chart and #26 on the US Billboard Hot 100 chart in November 1980.
A music video also accompanied the song.
"Shining Light" is a song by Ash, which was released as the first single from their album Free All Angels.
After her relationship with American singer Justin Timberlake ended in 2002, she made friends with her backing vocalist Annet Artani.
"A Pirate Looks at Forty" is a song written and performed by American popular music singer-songwriter Jimmy Buffett.
Following the song's success, Sheeley decided to work with Eddie Cochran.
Ultimately, the song was named Billboard's #1 single for the year 1966.
The album was released in March, the single in June.
The song was later sampled by Gerald Levert on the song, "Your Smile", on his 2002 album, The G Spot.
It was released in June 1967 as the only single from the album of the same name.
"Jonathan David" is a single released by Belle & Sebastian on Jeepster in 2001.
The song is intended as a sendup of the contest and its excesses.
It spent one week atop the Top 40 Mainstream chart for one week on May 3, 2003 and also peaked at No.
The music video was financed by West, who was inspired by an Adidas advertisement.
"I Am One" was re-recorded for Gish and a new single was released on Caroline Records and Hut Recordings.
He also cites his own broken childhood.
In the United States the single was a No.
"Here in My Heart" is a popular song, written by Pat Genaro, Lou Levinson, and Bill Borrelli, and published in 1952.
Released as the album's second single on January 29, 2000, like "Still D.R.E.
"Blitzkrieg Bop" is number 92 on the Rolling Stone list of The 500 Greatest Songs of All Time.
The videoclip for this song was filmed in January 2000.
The melody of "County Fair" was later recycled into the song "I Do".
"You Know How We Do It" is the second single from Ice Cube's fourth studio album, Lethal Injection.
Additionally, it reached the Top 10 in Sweden and the Netherlands, and was certified gold in the United Kingdom.
It is also My Chemical Romance's fourth single.
The B-side "Fine Line" is simply the A-side without Bernard Sumner's vocals.
"Everything Is Beautiful" is a song written, composed, and performed by Ray Stevens.
According to BMI's web site, only 1,500 songs have achieved Million-air status among the 4.5 million songs by 300,000 BMI represented artists.
The song, as well as two other tracks from the same album, "La Primavera" and "Infinita Tristeza", feature the same background music.
"'I Found Love" is a song recorded by English girl group Bananarama.
Spanish as "Como te Amé" by Yuri
The track reached #10 in the UK Singles Chart.
The single achieved this position in late 1961; it hit number one on the R&B chart as well.
The song was originally released in 1976 on their album Jailbreak.
It was released as a single from their 1998 album Electro-Shock Blues.
It peaked at number one in the UK Singles Chart for three weeks in August and September that year.
It was one of the few Junkie tracks on which she played her harmonica.
In 2015 the song was voted by the British public as the nation's 12th favourite 1980s number one in a poll for ITV.
"Hands Clean" is a song recorded by Canadian singer-songwriter Alanis Morissette, for her fifth studio album, Under Rug Swept, which she released in 2002.
In the edited version, instead of "mothafucka," Ice Cube says "mothamotha".
Terry Black released a version of the song on his 1965 debut album, Only 16.
56 on the Cash Box Top 100 Singles chart and No.
"Fortunate" is a neo soul song from the 1999 motion picture Life and was released on the film's soundtrack.
The song's title and chorus refer to the moon landing conspiracy theories as an oblique allusion to rumors that Kaufman's death in 1984 was faked.
The song was also well received by adult audiences, reaching number six on Billboard's Easy Listening chart.
It entered the UK chart at #63 on 18 December 1993 for one week.
The song is also known under the titles "Shanghai Rose" and "China Rose."
Despite the song's success, it received generally mixed reviews from critics who consider it to be the weakest song on Thriller.
"Nothing Fails" was released in the US in hopes of attaining sales from American Life.
Townshend and Daltrey continued as the Who, releasing Endless Wire in 2006, and continued to play live regularly.
The band personally selected the song for release following the failure of its predecessor, "Careless Memories", which had been chosen by their record company, EMI.
Yusuf indicated that he "told Yusef Lateef about it, gave him a big cheque, and in fact, started paying him royalties."
This is the only Týr release to feature Allan Streymoy's vocals, who joined the band after Pól Arni Holm's departure.
English guitarist Eric Clapton with Cream popularized the song as "Crossroads" in the late 1960s.
The song's music video revolves around imagery seen in the items of a cubicle.
The single was famous for being co-written by Coldplay singer Chris Martin, who played on the track and provided backing vocals.
It was released in August 1994 as the second single from his album No Ordinary Man.
It was their second all-time single since their signing to Atlantic Records.
It also was rated as number 9 on Ultimate Guitar's list of Top 25 Best Songs With Guitar Duels.
I remember it's the last song that I wrote about that sort of time, going out and that.
In 2004 it finished at #39 in AFI's 100 Years...100 Songs survey of top tunes in American cinema.
The song was ranked at number 30 in VH1's list of the 100 Greatest Songs of the 1980s.
It remains the only commercial release by the duo since The KLF's 1992 retirement.
It was released as the first single from their third album, Louder Now.
Graham Coxon, who had previously left the group, plays on the single's B-side "Morricone".
The album was released in July 2001 via Mercury Records.
Everything But the Girl produced an acoustic cover of the song, notably used in the final episode of American sitcom How I Met Your Mother.
The live version was recorded at the State University of New York Plattsburgh's Memorial Hall.
The B-side is a previously unreleased track "Call the Law", with lead vocals by Tony M., supplemented by Rosie Gaines on the chorus.
It also appears on the soundtrack to the 2007 Sony Pictures Animation film Surf's Up.
The song reached number 54 on the UK Singles Chart.
Released as the album's second single, it reached #13 on the US singles chart.
It was eventually certified Silver by the BPI.
It was released in April 1978 as the first single from the album Quarter Moon in a Ten Cent Town.
An accompanying music video for the recording was directed by Wataru Takeishi, with it portraying Hamasaki in a dark laboratory surrounded by keyboards and electronic devices.
Many U.S. radio stations, in response to the language found in the song, wanted an edited version.
"Summer of '69" was produced by Adams and Bob Clearmountain.
It was re-released in the United Kingdom on December 13, 2004.
In the United Kingdom it is one of the top fifteen most downloaded rock tracks ever.
The song went to #16 on the Cashbox charts in August 1953, staying there for 13 weeks.
A frontier is the political and geographical area near or beyond a boundary.
Erasure's previous single "In My Arms" featured another Blondie cover.
Shaw has stated that this is one of her favourite songs.
It was unknown to fans that a video existed for the song until the video's release on iTunes on 22 June 2009.
The song entered the UK Singles Chart in February 1991 and peaked at number 31.
"Sugar, We're Goin Down" was released to radio on April 5, 2005 as the lead single from their second album, From Under the Cork Tree.
However, it did not chart on the US Billboard Hot 100, making it the second single from the album to fail to chart in the US.
"Fix You" is a song by British rock band Coldplay.
"Straight On" was released during Heart's classic era and has been part of the group's setlist almost constantly since its release.
Although it is an Orbison solo single, Orbison's fellow Traveling Wilburys bandmates, Tom Petty and Jeff Lynne, co-wrote the song and played instruments on the record.
The single's title track was the opening theme to the 1998 anime DT Eightron.
This song also appears on Brooks' albums The Hits, The Limited Series, Double Live and The Ultimate Hits.
".Beyoncé also included the song in the "Crazy In Love" breakdown on her "I Am World Tour".
It was released as the third and final single from the album on February 19, 2002.
It was released in April 1980 as the lead single from the album I Am What I Am.
Although the song never reached any of the major charts, it was a successful single, becoming arguably the band's best-known song.
An accompanying music video for the song was directed by Rajesh Touchriver and filmed in South India.
"The Night Chicago Died" is a song by the British group Paper Lace, written by Peter Callander and Mitch Murray.
It is the tenth track on their 1988 studio album Rattle and Hum and was released as its second single in December 1988.
Gorge yourself on this pop feast because to miss out would be a crime.
is a song co-written and recorded by Canadian country music singer Shania Twain.
"Great Balls of Fire" is a 1957 popular song recorded by Jerry Lee Lewis on Sun Records and featured in the 1957 movie Jamboree.
1 in the UK Singles Chart in December 2005.
The German title is "Ich sende dir Rosen".
"You've Not Changed" is the fifteenth single by the British singer Sandie Shaw.
"The Crystal Lake" is a song by American indie rock band Grandaddy from their second album, The Sophtware Slump.
It first reached the Billboard magazine charts on March 7, 1952 and lasted 17 weeks on the chart, peaking at #6.
Despite similar titles it has no musical connection to The Who's 1968 UK single "Dogs".
The song is the sixth collaboration between Nas and producer DJ Premier.
"You Really Got Me" was later included on the Kinks' debut album, Kinks.
This video was directed by Alain Desrochers in October 1991.
The song was written in collaboration with Lori Lieberman, who recorded the song in late 1971.
It heralded a far more mainstream, pop-oriented and produced sound for the band.
Several months later, it was released as a single in the UK, peaking at number 39.
For the Beach Boys' "Here She Comes" song see Carl and the Passions – "So Tough".
Saved My Life" is a song written by Michael Cleveland for American group Indeep.
"Live Forever" is a song by the English rock band Oasis.
According to review aggregator Acclaimed Music, "Like a Rolling Stone" is the statistically most acclaimed song of all time.
"California Love" is a hip hop song by 2Pac featuring Dr. Dre and Roger Troutman.
The song was produced by The 45 King and at the time of its release was the most commercially successful Jay-Z single.
The song's mix is notoriously haphazard, as many instruments, and even the lead vocals, fade in and out of prominence.
In the United States, it topped the Billboard Hot 100 for four weeks and was ranked at number two on the Year-End Hot 100.
"The Look" is a song by the Swedish pop duo Roxette.
The video received the Much Music Video Fact Award on March 31, 2006.
It reached #7 on the Billboard Hot 100.
It was released as the album's third single in November 2002.
The song's "Bad Boy" remix features Diddy and Yung Joc and the song's "The Inc" remix features Ja Rule and Harry-O.
Johnny Marr sang and played guitar in it on a Later With Jools Holland TV broadcast in June 2013.
It was released on 16 February 2004 as the second single from their second studio album, A Present for Everyone.
Lyrically, the title track revolves around an attractive woman.
The Allmusic Review had this to say "despite the production sheen provided by Steve Levine, this is another competent but uninspired effort."
The song is one of Yankovic's most successful singles, reaching number 35 on both the Billboard Hot 100 and the US Mainstream Rock Tracks.
The song is characterized by a complex rhythm arrangement and a distinctive horn arrangement.
It was Ruffin's third straight lead on a Temptations single.
The song was included on some editions of Queen's first Greatest Hits compilations, such as the original 1981 Elektra release in the US.
"Early in the Morning" is a song originally performed by The Gap Band and written by member Charlie Wilson and producers Lonnie Simmons and Rudy Taylor.
Wildhorn approached Jackson about the opportunity to write for Whitney Houston.
Even with its relatively low sales, the song is regarded by critics as one of Bananarama's best recordings.
It was released as the fourth single from the album in the UK, and the second in the United States.
It was written by frontman Dexter Holland.
"Overprotected" is a song recorded by American singer Britney Spears for her third studio album, Britney.
"Mixed Emotions" is a song by The Rolling Stones from their 1989 album Steel Wheels.
"Simple Kind of Life" is a pop rock ballad written by Gwen Stefani for No Doubt's fourth album Return of Saturn.
Nick Cave, who covered the song, referred to the song as "a story about the fury of a scorned woman."
It was written by Richard Orange, formerly of the band Zider Zee.
"Typical Male" is unusual for a pop song, in that the chorus includes a single measure in 2/4 time.
It also won a Grammy Award in 1999 for the Best Rap Solo Performance.
Author Byron Preiss characterized it as "an odd combination of energetic chorus, electric bass, and bluesy meandering".
"Drift Away" is a song by Mentor Williams and originally recorded by John Henry Kurtz on his 1972 album Reunion.
The B-Side, "Ice Machine", is similarly available in a fading version, and one with a cold end.
This song resembles his other song Que Tengo Que Hacer.
It was released as the third single from their debut studio album Fire on October 13, 2003, but only in the United Kingdom.
The title track was used as the theme song of the NTV drama Suika.
The song's title was originated by bandmate Paul Stanley who was planning to write a song under the title, until Simmons beat him to it.
The single reached #128 on the UK Singles Chart.
"Black Balloon" is a song recorded by the Goo Goo Dolls.
It was produced and composed by Tamio Okuda, with lyrics written by Yōsui Inoue.
It was released as the album's lead single on September 18, 2006.
The lyrics differ significantly, and the chorus "So here I am..." does not exist in the demo.
The song was produced by Rodney "Darkchild" Jenkins.
It also won the Brit Award for "British Single" in 2005.
Lyrically, the song describes a lonely female protagonist who "kisses the photo of her [lover] each night before falling asleep."
The song was ranked at number 7 on NME's list of The 500 Greatest Songs of All Time.
Billboard Hot 100 and hit number forty-seven in the UK Singles Chart.
The single's B-side is a rendition of "In the Hall of the Mountain King", a piece taken from Grieg's Peer Gynt suite.
Lyrically, the song is about blindfolded sex.
Columbia Records released it on November 1, 1994, as the lead single from her first holiday album and fourth studio album, Merry Christmas.
The single became a big hit, topping the charts in many countries and peaking at No.
It reached number 19 in the UK Singles Chart.
It earned Ray Charles his first gold record and has been one of the most influential songs in R&B and rock and roll history.
An accompanying music video for the song was filmed by Madonna's then-husband Guy Ritchie and premiered on March 22, 2001.
The single was Def Jam's first R&B release.
The song was written by Brian Farrell and Dennis Olivieri, and was produced by DJ Shadow.
"Time for Heroes" is a song by English rock band the Libertines, and is featured on their debut album, Up the Bracket.
"One More Dollar" was a single released from singer Terry Ronald's 1991 album Roma.
"Negotiate with Love" is the lead single taken from Rachel Stevens' second album, Come and Get it.
Vocalist Anthony Kiedis elaborated: "I thought that single was an über-bombastic assault of non-commercialism.
"We Connect" is a song by American singer Stacey Q.
"Je m'appelle Bagdad" is the second single to be released from Tina Arena's fifth studio album Un autre univers.
"Kuolema Tekee Taiteilijan" is the third single released from the album Once by Finnish symphonic metal band Nightwish.
The Sounds Orchestral, conducted by Johnny Pearson, hit the Easy Listening chart reaching #14 and the Billboard Top Hot 100 in 1965 reaching #76.
The song lists at number 80 on "Billboard's Greatest Songs of All Time".
The song takes its title and refrain from Jean Paulhan's preface to Pauline Réage's 1954 erotic novel Story of O.
In 2007, the song re-entered the UK top 30 and reached number 22 on the Christmas chart.
Stretch recorded it for You Can't Beat Your Brain For Entertainment in 1976.
"Beck's Bolero" was not released until ten months after recording and then only as the B-side to Beck's first single.
It was originally recorded by the Temptations in 1971.
The tracks combined to climb to #9 the next week, on the way to peaking at #3 three more weeks later, on 20 December 1969.
"If She Knew What She Wants" is a song by Jules Shear released on his 1985 album The Eternal Return.
At the close of voting, it had received 101 points, placing 6th in a field of 26.
The song moved up to its peak of #12 in its second week, while reaching the top 10 of the Pop 100 companion chart at #9.
"It Ain't Hard to Tell" is the second single and last track from the debut album Illmatic by the rapper Nas.
McPhatter's voice, but not his name, had become well known when he was the lead singer for Billy Ward and the Dominoes.
"Un garçon pas comme les autres"") is a hit song from the Dion chante Plamondon album by Celine Dion.
An acoustic version of the song, recorded the day before the single, was released on The Bootleg Series Volumes 1–3 1961–1991.
The Shining Light remix was also released as a white label 12".
This book is further referenced in some of the lyrics.
