West's performance has been met with critical acclaim, winning her the Daytime Emmy Award for Outstanding Lead Actress in a Drama Series in 2015.
Harold remained on screen for over twelve years, making him one of the longest-running characters in the show's history.
Palmer took maternity leave in 2010, and Bianca left the series on 21 January 2011.
Heather Trott is a fictional character from the BBC soap opera EastEnders, played by Cheryl Fergison.
For a brief period, he believed he was the half-brother of longtime nemesis John Black.
Ben departed Neighbours on 2 September 2010.
As her storylines have developed she has grown close to the pair, yet rebelled at various stages.
Dave left the teen soap in late 2010 after the character was axed in March 2010.
Barbara Stephens and Cornelia Frances arrived in June as Alf's other sisters Barbara Stewart and Morag Bellingham, respectively.
She made her first on-screen appearance on 20 July 1992.
Jean Hope is a fictional character from the British ITV soap opera, Emmerdale.
However, on September 7, 2016, it was confirmed that Madison had been re-hired shortly following her firing and would remain on the soap indefinitely.
The character was introduced into the serial as part of a group of four characters branded as "20 somethings".
When Lou returned to Erinsborough, he and Guy made their peace with each other.
She was originally played by Sophie Jeffery until 1997.
Kylie Platt is a fictional character from the British ITV soap opera, Coronation Street, played by Paula Lane.
Wayne Terrance Reeves is a fictional character from the Australian soap opera Neighbours, played by Jonathon Dutton.
He is introduced in 1990 and remains in the show after the departures of all of his on-screen family.
His return made it the longest any actor in Coronation Street has taken a break.
He made his first appearance during the episode airing on 5 April 2006 and made his last on 12 June 2007.
Reporter's from the magazines Inside Soap and Soap Stars have praised the character's sex appeal.
She appeared from 19 October 1998 to 12 April 2002 when Outhwaite opted to leave the role.
After a brief stint in 2002, it was announced in May 2009 that Hearst was returning, with his first return appearance being July 17, 2009.
This was later confirmed to be "filler" as a number of scenes were cut out from Tommy Moon's funeral.
It was first broadcast on ITV on 9 December 1960.
After a failed engagement to Carter who realizes Maya loves Rick, Maya pursues Rick putting her odds with Rick's then wife Caroline Spencer.
In March 2010, Paul Marquess announced that 11 characters are to depart the show which included Sasha.
Home and Away is an Australian soap opera first broadcast on the Seven Network on 17 January 1988.
He has been portrayed as being cheeky, a bit of a "bad boy", a rebel and a ladies man.
The following is a list of minor characters that first appeared in the British soap opera Emmerdale in 2011, by order of first appearance.
Dr. Lily Hassan is a fictional character in the soap opera Doctors, played by Seeta Indrani and made her first appearance on 28 October 2008.
She made her final appearance on 28 July 2011.
Wanda De Jesus was the final actress to play the role, from July 19, 1991 to May 28, 1992.
Rae was originally characterised as a chav with a feisty persona, but underwent a transformation when she attempted to embrace domestic life with Ste.
She returned for two episodes broadcast on 16 and 17 September 2004, before rejoining as a regular character on 8 September 2005.
In a special episode entitled EastEnders: Dot's Story a young Dot was played by Tallulah Pitt-Brown in flashbacks.
David Dixon began playing Nathan Roberts in October.
Following Kinworthy's departure, he was portrayed by actor Colin Egglesfield from September 2005 until January 2009.
The character was killed-off on 23 July 2010 after collapsing, from liver disease, into a river, whilst attempting to retrieve some beer cans and drowning.
Tracy Lynette Barlow is a fictional character from the British ITV soap opera, Coronation Street.
Dr. Jimmi Clay is a fictional character in the BBC soap opera Doctors, played by Adrian Lewis Morgan.
The introduction of Dyer and Bright was part of a large cast shake-up planned by new executive producer Treadwell-Collins in an attempt to improve ratings.
As the show's most famous character, J. R. has been central to many of the series' biggest storylines.
Bancks researched the issue to help him play the scenes and subsequently felt depressed.
The character was murdered by Cameron Murray after being involved in a car accident with him and Debbie Dingle.
She attended King High School before she got a 12.5 million dollar inheritance, and is portrayed by actress Mandy Musgrave.
Serricchio returned briefly in 2008, when it is revealed Diego is alive and terrorizing the citizens of Port Charles as the Text Message Killer.
She lies that Ivan has been having an affair with her, ruining his relationship with Paul.
The development was described by the media as a "legacy storyline."
Kevin, a wheeler dealer, is described as caring, sensitive and a cheeky chappy.
Lisa Deborah Fowler is a fictional character from the BBC soap opera EastEnders, played by Lucy Benjamin.
The character was previously played by Noah Sutherland, Sean Berends and Blake O'Leary.
It was then decided to end the storyline earlier than originally planned.
Originally portrayed by Robert Emhardt from 1973 to 1974, Douglass Watson portrayed the role from 1974 until 1989.
Bobby's story lines have focused on finding her biological parents, her feud with Roo Stewart, adoption and her marriage to foster brother Frank Morgan.
Peter was framed for Tina's murder by Rob Donovan and upon his release from prison, his marriage to Carla broke down and he left.
Joshua Douglas "Josh" Willis is a fictional character from the Australian soap opera Neighbours, played by Harley Bonner.
Other listeners hoped Ruth would be killed off during the show's 60th anniversary celebrations.
The aristocratic lady soon learns about Philipp's real interest in her and leaves him - after she conned him.
Frank made his last on-screen appearance on 8 March 2012.
She debuted on-screen during the episode broadcast on 31 July 1986 and was created by writer Ray Kolle.
He also became involved in the storyline where his father Carl Costello began an affair with his soon-to-be daughter-in-law Mercedes Fisher.
The actress successfully auditioned for the role of Dani in 1999 and she called the experience incredible.
Ethan Walsh Snyder is a fictional character on the American TV soap opera, As the World Turns.
Although Charity claimed she was sorry, Chris's last words consisted of a tirade of insults towards her, before the poison he had taken killed him.
Dunn again returned as Mandy in 2010 in a storyline which also saw the return of Warren Fox.
He made his first appearance during the episode broadcast on 16 September 1994.
Buster Briggs made his first appearance on 18 November and Sylvie Carter made her first appearance on 11 December.
Katherine is generally characterized by her cold demeanor and impressive domestic skills.
Redeker later reprised the role on April 23, 2004 when he reappeared in a drunken dream had by Katherine.
Hebden had previously played the role of Carlos, Mavis Riley's Spanish lover, in 1974.
The following is a list of characters who appear in the eighth series of the BBC school drama Waterloo Road, in order of appearance.
His subsequent detaining by immigration officials found him placed on remand and becoming the victim of homophobic violence.
Due to Nikolas' importance on the soap, he was immediately replaced by Coltin Scott on July 20, 1999.
Hassan left Hollyoaks in 2012 when her character was killed-off during a "dramatic cliffhanger" episode.
All characters are introduced by series producer Stuart Blackburn, or his successor Kate Oates.
Angelina eventually achieved her musical dream, having released a song entitled "Good Goodbye" which was written and produced by DeGarmo.
Tina Chastity Reilly is a fictional character from the British Channel 4 soap opera, Hollyoaks, played by Leah Hackett.
Adriana Cramer is a fictional character from the American daytime drama One Life to Live.
Augustus "Gus" Smith is a fictional character from the BBC soap opera EastEnders, played by Mohammed George.
He was also a character on the 1957 film adaptation of the original novel.
Chloe is a fictional character from the British Channel 4 soap opera, Hollyoaks, played by Susan Loughnane.
However, the return of Maria's father, Miguel Lopez-Fitzgerald, eventually leads Kay to realize that her heart lies with Miguel and not Fox.
In 2014, Val was told that she was HIV positive, after a holiday fling while she was in Portugal.
After a ten-year hiatus, Bissix returned to the role on 1 February 2008.
Anna Jullienne was also praised for her portrayol of Maia and won the Air New Zealand Screen Award for "Best Supporting Actress" in 2007.
Taylforth reprised the role for a charity special in 2014.
She arrives in Summer Bay to "nurse a broken heart" after her fiancé, Prince Vittorio Seca is unfaithful to her.
Former Brookside actor Sloane was cast as the "mysterious" hairdresser Niall and was introduced by the series' producer Bryan Kirkwood.
Gwen Norbeck Munson is a fictional character from the American CBS soap opera As the World Turns.
Eventually Carolin has to realize that she loves Henning and tells him the truth.
The character was reintroduced, portrayed by actress Lindsay Hartley on December 9, 2010, until the series finale on September 23, 2011.
", "This time next year we'll be millionaires", "Lovely Jubbly!
Roimata arrived to the show in early 2011 as part of a double act with fellow new character, Jill Kingsbury.
She had a one-night stand with Mark Brennan and developed feelings for her housemate, Kyle Canning.
Victor arrived in Genoa City, Wisconsin for business, and he eventually formed his own worldwide conglomerate, Newman Enterprises.
She was initially disapproving of Robin's outlaw status because she believed that the best way to fight injustice was to work inside the system.
She made her final appearance on 31 March 2010.
In June 2012, Pranita announced her departure from Neighbours.
Deirdre Anne Barlow was a fictional character from the British ITV soap opera, Coronation Street, played by Anne Kirkbride.
Some viewers have written to Home and Away to complain about Miles' eating habits.
Producers have never denied viewers the chance for a return from Jarvis, but Moore has not yet expressed any interest in returning to the show.
Gabrielle Bernice "Gabby" Thomas is a fictional character from the British ITV soap opera, Emmerdale.
She is taken in by Roo Stewart and Harvey Ryan.
The character appears back on the Street on Monday 16 February 2009.
Sunny was the daughter of corrupt builder Ted Adamson.
He was portrayed by Geoff Morrell and appeared in the series from 2004 to 2005.
Marian is twenty-one years old, and in contrast to most Robin Hood legends, is not described as Maid Marian, but rather Lady Marian.
Finnegan was eventually locked in a container and ended up in Kenya and subsequently had to have a kidney transplant.
Dee Bliss made her first appearance in February, while Sheena Wilson and Gino Esposito were introduced in August.
Entertainment Weekly also described Karen as being "efficient, kind, and understanding".
James Edmunds and Charlotte's teenage son Hunter King made their debuts in July.
The character is played by Karen Meagher in the 1988 EastEnders special, CivvyStreet, set during the Second World War.
Inside Soap named Peggy the UK's top soap matriarch in 2009.
Asher Levi is a fictional character from EastEnders: E20, an Internet spin-off of the BBC soap opera EastEnders.
In 2014, TJ's estranged mother Jordan arrives and TJ starts college in the fall.
Egan was said to be joining the soap opera as a mystery woman involved with Billy Abbott.
The actor's most recent stint on the soap opera was from June 26 to November 28, 2012.
The actress called it an act of self-sabotage to prevent Ned from hurting her like Boyd did.
The following is a list of characters that first appeared in the New Zealand soap opera Shortland Street in 1998, by order of first appearance.
Sveen said she shared some similarities with her character, including a passion for surfing.
Despite being on the show for over three years, Leo has not been involved in any major storylines, however does serve as a comedic character.
October saw the arrival of divorcee Michael Ross, played by Dennis Coard, Debra Lawrence's real-life husband.
Tiffany ended up brain dead but her unborn baby was saved; Tiffany's life support was turned off soon afterwards.
Nick is the first-born child of Brian and Gail Tilsley.
Andrés "Andy" Goddzer is a fictional character in the 2012 Argentine telenovela Graduados.
Jeffrey Broderick "Jeff" Colby is a fictional character on the ABC prime time soap opera Dynasty, created by Richard and Esther Shapiro.
He made his first screen appearance on 19 February 1987.
Series producer Jason Herbison said Valance was cast in the role as she was "the perfect fit" for the character.
The actress received the role of Sarah and made her first screen appearance during the episode broadcast on 25 September 1996.
Paul McClain is a fictional character from the Australian soap opera Neighbours, played by Jansen Spencer.
He has been portrayed on a recurring basis by George Alvarez since March 30, 1999.
His hobby was astronomy, and he installed a telescope in the loft of his house.
Noah Newman is a fictional character from the American soap opera The Young and the Restless.
Rosa di Marco is a fictional character from the BBC soap opera EastEnders, played by Louise Jameson from 29 January 1998 to 3 August 2000.
He departed, alongside co-star Sue Johnston on 21 February 2014.
Even after Travis's death and her remarriage, Liza is usually best remembered as Liza Sentell, just as her mother is best remembered as Janet Collins.
Rebecca Harper is a fictional character on the ABC television series Brothers & Sisters.
He was also involved with Nina Webster and the insane Tricia Dennison.
In 2009, the character was involved in a whodunnit-style storyline when she became pregnant by an unknown man.
It was announced on 18 August 2007 that the characters of Deano and his sister Carly Wicks were being axed by executive producer Diederick Santer.
Tess' eventual pregnancy also portrays her vulnerability as she faces the decision to either terminate her unborn child or potentially die.
Hayley was the first transgender character in a British soap opera and was the first permanent transgender character in the world of serialised drama.
Barry "Newt" Newton is a fictional character from the British Channel 4 soap opera Hollyoaks, played by Nico Mirallegro.
He occasionally speaks to the photo as if speaking to Arkwright, and continues to mock his late uncle's stutter as a joke.
Working as a barmaid in the soap's Rovers Return Inn, Betty created a signature dish, known as Betty's hotpot.
She was portrayed by Alison Quigan in a guest stint in 2004, before returning in a regular role the following year.
Sebastian von Lahnstein is a fictional character from the German soap opera Verbotene Liebe.
To surprise the audience, the actress's exit was not announced beforehand.
Belén Fraga is a fictional character from the Argentine telenovela Chiquititas, also known as Tiny Angels.
Squires returned to film the show's 3,000th episode special in 2001.
Steve subsequently appeared in a video spin-off, Brookside: Unfinished Business.
His storylines saw him have a heated affair despite being in a relationship and later, sexually assault Roimata Samuels in a personal attack on her husband.
Jennifer Smith is a fictional character on the ABC soap opera, General Hospital.
Jon Rollason also joined the cast as Dave Robbins in December.
Glockner was given a two-year contract with Neighbours and he began filming his first scenes as Mason in November 2012.
Dallas tells the story of two rivalling families, the Ewing family and the Barnes family.
The character's three years on the soap exhibited several major story lines as well as social commentary on youth, religion and mental illness.
The following is a list of characters that first appeared in the British soap opera Emmerdale in 2005, by order of first appearance.
All characters were introduced by the series' executive producer and head writer Bradley Bell.
Steph was introduced into the serial by executive producer Jo Hallows.
Sonny is played by Maurice Benard and Carly is currently played by Laura Wright.
She puts Cleo in a tub with slashed wrists and rose flower all over her for Tim to find - who's heartbroken.
Home and Away is an Australian television soap opera.
In February 2012, a whodunnit was formed when Stu was found dead.
In 2010, Waring became pregnant and her character was temporarily written out for Waring's maternity leave.
Mitch has been described as a "bad boy with a heart of gold" and likes to help people out.
Andreas "Andi" Fritzsche is a fictional character of the German soap opera Verbotene Liebe.
Carmella Cammeniti's mother, Lucia, made her debut in November.
She is the daughter of Bev Unwin.
Her first episode was broadcast on 20 February 2007.
The show was cancelled after its fourth series, leaving the series 4 finale cliffhanger unresolved.
Storylines for Donna included being framed for murder, suffering a mental breakdown and kidnapping a baby, helping clear Victor of murder and becoming Chris Warner's mistress.
She made her debut on The Bold and the Beautiful a day after she vacated her role as Claudia Zacchara on the ABC Daytime General Hospital.
Despite negative attention toward the character, Jeanmaire and Duplaix's performance garnered some positive reviews.
In 2005 Little agreed to reprise the role as part of Neighbours' twentieth anniversary celebrations and remained for four months.
He went on to win the award for a second and third time in 2011 and 2012.
Melody is also admitted into a psychiatric clinic after Axel Hay assaults her and Christine tries to kidnap her.
Martin Platt is a fictional character from the British ITV soap opera, Coronation Street, portrayed by Sean Wilson.
She is portrayed as a battle-axe, tough and interfering.
Mattel's fashion doll franchise Monster High features a variety of fictional characters, many of whom are students at the titular high school.
The character debuted on-screen during the episode airing on 23 July 2010.
Originally portrayed by actress Colleen Dion-Scotti, the role has been portrayed by Lesli Kay since November 2005.
Chloe has relationships with Jack Wilson, Curtis Reed, Lachlan Fraser, James Fraser and Jesse McGregor.
Davidson departed the series again in 2013, returning on July 28, 2014, for a twelve-week stint which concluded on November 6, 2014.
Dorothy Miriam Burke is a fictional character from the Australian Network Ten soap opera Neighbours, played by Maggie Dence.
Scotty Boland and Patrick Villante began appearing from December.
Robert Scorpio is a fictional character on the ABC soap opera General Hospital, played by actor Tristan Rogers.
The actress stated that Vanessa's background would be explored in the future, adding a new dimension to the character.
She also had two siblings, Lee, who was married to Gerry McGrath; and Elaine, called Cookie.
Neighbours is an Australian television soap opera.
Vince "Vinnie" Monks is a fictional character from the BBC soap opera EastEnders, played by comedian Bobby Davro.
Heather Webber is a fictional character from ABC's original daytime soap opera, General Hospital.
The scheme eventually worked, and Ivy and Sam reunited in 2004.
Jill Gascoine was originally cast to play Glenda but withdrew.
Laura Morgan of All About Soap has labelled Kyle the show's "crazy bad boy".
Shortly after, Doug got into debt and lost his job, causing him to sink into a deep depression.
Dr. Reid Oliver is a fictional character from CBS's daytime drama As the World Turns.
London West End star Darren Day joined the cast in October, playing Danny Houston.
Rhys was killed-off in the Enjoy The Ride storyline in an episode airing on 15 November 2012 and the character departed on 16 November 2012.
Rawle was approached by Hollyoaks and met with series producer, Paul Marquess, who explained the role of Silas and his storyline.
The character was described as being confident, strong and athletic.
Phyllis was introduced as a groupie of fictional rock singer Danny Romalotti, and claimed to have given birth to his child, Daniel.
Other story lines include her embarkment on a modelling career, competing in swimming competitions and her many relationships.
In the first season, she is coerced by Guy into agreeing to marry him when King Richard returns to England.
Josh's storylines have included attempted murder, underage sex, drugs, drinking and joyriding.
Barlow decided to leave Coronation Street in 1997; her character left to run a guest house in Cartmel following the death of her husband.
Deano made his final appearance on 7 February 2008.
He was immediately smitten by Liza Kaslo, who had just lost her husband, Steve, to leukemia.
Off-screen Arena had decided to leave the show and Marco last appeared on-screen in the episode dated 18 November 1992.
He learns of his parents' rape incident decades prior, exacerbating his rebellion and independence.
She made her first on-screen appearance on 17 November 2010.
She eventually succumbed to Chris' charms and the two had an affair, before Gabrielle realised Chris' manipulative ways and left New Zealand in April 2012.
Ryan departed on 26 August 2011, before making a surprise guest appearance on 2 September 2014.
Jason departed from Hollyoaks on 1 December 2011.
Henry dated Sue Parker and Melanie Pearson before beginning a relationship with Bronwyn Davies.
Detective Inspector William Edward "Jack" Frost, GC, is a fictional detective created by R. D. Wingfield—characterised as sloppy, untidy, hopeless with paperwork—but unmatched at solving mysteries.
When Hannah and Nate share a kiss, Sophie takes Nate hostage and causes a bus crash.
He is the son of established character Shirley Carter and a member of the Carter family.
Teresa "Tess" Bell is a fictional character from the Australian soap opera Neighbours, played by Krista Vendy.
Much of her history revolves around her role in the teen scene of the series, her romance with Billy Abbott, and marriage to J.T.
Brent secured the role after originally auditioning for the role of Gina's sister Kate Patrick.
The characters racism proved the topic of debate and provided social commentary.
With Denzil, he is one of only two characters to appear in all three.
Dey said she had to leave because of her hair length.
It was announced on 29 May 2011 that Parkinson had quit her role, and she made her last on screen appearance on 30 December 2011.
She is played by Paola Barrientos, both as an adult and, in flashbacks, as a teenager.
The show followed the lives of workers at a glamorous five-star hotel.
The character is portrayed by actor Wolfgang Bahro since its introduction in February 1993.
Having appeared continuously since the programme's inception, December 2010 marked Ken's 50th anniversary on-screen.
The unlikely pairing became popular in spite of Luke's past misdeed when the story shifted to focus on love and redemption.
The following is a list of characters that first appeared in the Network Ten soap opera Neighbours in 2006, by order of first appearance.
Donovan made his first screen appearance as Doug during the episode broadcast on 18 July 1990.
Spencer Carlin is a fictional character from the television series South of Nowhere.
The actress, who made a guest appearance in Neighbours in 2000, was given the role of Priya in July 2011.
Before the character returned to Neighbours, he was said to be living in America after gaining a basketball scholarship.
Villainous Willy was dubbed "Wicked Willy" by the British press after he framed Arthur Fowler for embezzlement, leading to his wrongful imprisonment.
Katy is the sister of Warren Fox, and has been central to several storylines, prominently Clare Cunningham's revenge.
During this period, the character of Rebecca was created and introduced.
Sandie's affair caused another village scandal, and Annie Sugden made clear her disapproval.
Geoff was portrayed as being an innocent, honest and sensible teenager throughout his duration.
Gloria Abbott Bardwell is a fictional character from the American CBS soap opera The Young and the Restless.
Tosin will reprise the role in series 3.
The role was originated and portrayed by Catherine Hickland, who debuted May 14, 1998, and played her continually through October 2008.
Martin Dibble is a fictional character from the Australian Channel Seven soap opera Home and Away, played by Craig Thomson.
Goldsmith described Cassandra as a troublemaker, a femme fatale and insanely selfish, while Digital Spy's Darren Rowe called her "seductive and troublesome".
The character was portrayed by Ron Holzschuh from 19 March 2003 to 13 February 2007.
Marcus decided to focus on college in 2008 but stayed with the show until his last appearance on 5 January 2011.
The following is a list of characters that appeared in the soap in 2016, by order of first appearance.
She returned in 2009 for a special appearance to start off the Winter season, where she testified against the thugs and separated from Callum.
This then resulted in Rebecca taking Hutch by surprise, disarming him, and Digger picking up the gun and shooting Hutch dead in a temper.
He appears in stints until producers made the decision to kill the character off-screen in 1991, to aid development of characters connected to him.
Shannon Holmes had played the role from the character's birth in 1991 until his departure the following year.
Henry is the only son of Fred and Madge Mitchell and brother to Charlene and Sam Cole.
In August 1992, Brad was shot after trying to save his mother from a hostage situation involving Bob Landers.
The relationship was also well received by columnists of the Daily Record.
Producers then lined up a controversial relationship story for the character.
He was played by Frank Thornton, who went on to take the popular role of Truly in Last of the Summer Wine.
Jamal, a talented R&B singer and songwriter, struggles to gain his father's approval, but is able to overcome this adversity with Cookie's support.
Rachel Marie Holden is a fictional character from the Australian Channel Seven soap opera Home and Away, played by Amy Mathews.
He is a scientist in a white coat who tended to "invent" things which had already been invented and whose experiments invariably failed.
She made her first on-screen appearance on 24 November 1989.
The following is a list of characters that first appeared in the ITV soap opera Coronation Street in 1994, by order of first appearance.
Samuel Liam "Sam" Owen is a fictional character from the British Channel 4 soap opera, Hollyoaks, played by Louis Tamone.
Young also received a Daytime Emmy Award, while Vaughan was the only portrayer of Lucky to never receive an Emmy nomination.
Simon Baker took on the role of James Hudson in November.
Dom's two-year-long stint saw the show receive huge ratings and the period be remembered as a well done and iconic season.
He was played by Lennard Pearce in the original series, and was portrayed by Phil Daniels in the prequel, Rock & Chips.
Critical reception for the show has been mostly positive, and the series has won numerous awards and nominations since its original broadcast.
Joe's fiancée, Lindsey Butterfield debuted in June, as did Frank Symes.
Declan Macey is a fictional character from the British ITV soap opera, Emmerdale, portrayed by Jason Merrells.
Whitney is described by executive producer Diederick Santer as both an equal to, and younger version of Bianca, and is the oldest of Bianca's four children.
In the latter series, Sydney is revealed to have a daughter named Violet.
She turns to manipulation, blackmail and prostitution to fund her drug-habit, before choking to death on her own vomit in 1989.
Hollyoaks is a long-running Channel 4 soap opera in the United Kingdom.
Christian and Partridge's casting were announced on 20 November 2007.
She was accused of murdering Garth Kirby, a seriously ill patient, but eventually her name was cleared.
Carmella was created as a replacement for Nina Tucker, portrayed by Delta Goodrem, who was written out of the series when Goodrem became ill.
August saw the arrivals of Dougie Ryan, Caitlin Ryan and Aidan Connor.
The show also highlighted the dangers of eating wild mushrooms which resulted in Chris accidentally poisoning two fellow characters.
Aviva "Viv" Newton is a fictional character from the Australian Channel Seven soap opera Home and Away, played by Mouche Phillips.
Steve Hardy is a fictional character from the ABC soap opera General Hospital.
She was first portrayed by a series of child actors for her first three-year period, followed by Conci Nelson as a teenager.
Shown to suffer from Reye's syndrome in infancy, as well as anorexia nervosa later in life, she overcomes both with the significant aid of her family.
However, he once again returned in February 2015 for a short time, before exiting in one-month later.
Johannes von Lahnstein is a fictional character on the German soap opera Verbotene Liebe.
He made his final appearance as Liam on 3 April 2013.
The character was popular and is remembered for her storyline with Anne.
In 2014, Tom returned to the series following Miller's exit; his return was short-lived when he was replaced by Burgess Jenkins on June 24, 2014.
She departed again on 18 June 2008, when Drew's character was killed off.
Auditions were held for the role, with producers stating that the actor would need to resemble his on-screen parents.
Marlena was well received by critics, and is notable for her popular pairing with John Black.
She often acts as the parental figure in her relationship with Susan, especially following Susan's divorce from Karl.
Ashford reprised the role for three days, appearing on May 24, 2016, June 20, 2016, August 5, 2016, and August 23, 2016.
The character serves as a catalyst to re-introduce the annual tradition of the Nurses' Ball in honor of Patrick's late wife, Robin Scorpio.
After the announcement that Sharon Rickman was returning, her son Dennis Rickman, was introduced, along with guest character, Sharon's fiancé John Hewland.
Andrew Benito Robinson is a fictional character from the Australian soap opera Neighbours, played by Jordan Smith.
Originally introduced as a love interest for Darren Miller, she is also the daughter of established character Vanessa Gold.
Within the series, Bob, an attorney, and Lee, a real-state agent, are the first gay couple to live on the fictitious Wisteria Lane.
Sylvia Violet Hollamby was one of the longest running characters in the award-winning prison drama series, Bad Girls.
She was temporarily portrayed by Sandra Ferguson in 2005.
Daisy later raped Daniel Romalotti, drugging him to believe he was sleeping with his then wife.
Blair has been portrayed by Kassie DePaiva since the couple's inception.
In 2011, Barlow won an All About Soap award for Rae's love-triangle storyline.
Austin Williams played a young Spencer in a 2008 storyline in which the characters Bo and Rex find themselves 1968.
Benjamin "Ben" Mitchell is a fictional character from the BBC soap opera EastEnders.
Langston Wilde is a fictional character from ABC soap opera One Life to Live portrayed by Brittany Underwood from May 17, 2006, to April 12, 2011.
Charlie departed on 24 January 2012, following Anderson's decision to quit Home and Away.
Tanja agrees and pursues a cruel plan.
Frank decides to marry Roo and their ceremony was dubbed a "shot-gun wedding" by the media.
Casey Mitchell is a fictional character from the Australian Channel Seven soap opera Home and Away, played by Rebecca Croft.
He was kidnapped by his paternal half-sister, Lucy.
The series premiered on April 1, 1963.
The character last appeared in the show on 3 December 2009.
Amber was created and introduced along with her family, as part of a major overhaul of the show's cast.
Consuelos temporarily returned as Mateo for All My Children's 40th anniversary on January 4–5, 2010.
It is also broadcast in the United States on the PBS network, with the first series starting on September 30, 2012.
Due to the character's devious behaviour, it has been suggested that Mandy was one of the most hated characters on television during her tenure.
He then engages in a brief relationship with his half-brother's ex-fiancé, Theresa Lopez-Fitzgerald, played by Hartley's real-life wife, Lindsay Hartley.
Roimata Ngatai is a fictional character on the New Zealand soap opera Shortland Street, who was portrayed by Shavaughn Ruakere from January 2011 to January 2014.
As with the later character, John Harrison, the writers attempted to make the character more interesting by giving him a flaw.
Robert Cuthill played him from July 2001 through October 2001.
He departed the serial 25 April 2008 after Lawson quit.
Bradley Foster was a fictional character in UK soap opera Family Affairs, played by Harry Capehorn from 2004 to 2005.
Aidan meets Chris after he is brought into the hospital and he becomes endeared by him.
The character was given a happy ending, reuniting with his former boyfriend Tony to travel Europe.
The actor revealed that it took twelve months to come up with the storyline and get him back.
Elizabeth Gillies will play Fallon in the 2017 reboot series Dynasty.
Robin rides up on horseback to greet her and Much, and Marian rides off with him.
That same month also saw the introductions of Valda Sheergold and Rosie's granddaughter, Summer.
Bell, the role was portrayed by Kimberlin Brown for many intervals on both soaps until 2006.
The series premiered on April 1, 1963.
Soffer left the show on April 4, 2008 and made a brief return in July 2010.
Ann is the third wife of Bobby Ewing.
The following is a list of characters that first appeared in 2012, by order of first appearance.
She was introduced as a potential adoptive child for Anna and Eddie Windass in the episode aired on 24 January 2011.
Dominic "Dom" Thompson is a fictional character on the New Zealand soap opera Shortland Street who was portrayed by Shane Cortese from 2003 to 2004.
Rahn was supposedly fired in the summer of 1977, and was replaced by Leslie Charleson on August 17, 1977.
Melissa's son Phillip and security guard Dave Miller first appear in episode two, and pupil Lauren Fletcher makes her first appearance in episode six.
Wallace was additionally nominated for the "Best Actress", "Best Dramatic Performance" and "Hero of the Year" awards in 2002, and Zoe's maternity was nominated "Best Storyline".
All characters were introduced by the show's executive producer Ric Pellizzeri.
Sarah Beaumont is a fictional character from the Australian soap opera Neighbours, played by Nicola Charles.
James Mitchell earned seven Daytime Emmy nominations, all in the Lead Actor in a Drama Series category, for his portrayal of Palmer Cortlandt.
It was revealed that Debbie is working for Lassiter's in New York.
Liz Chandler is a fictional character on the soap opera, Days of Our Lives, and was played by actress Gloria Loring from 1980 to 1986.
Lucky is kidnapped and presumed dead in 1999, and returns brainwashed in 2000.
In 2009 Dwyer said she'd return to the show.
This year saw the introduction of the Dean family as an extension to current cast member Steph Dean's family.
Melissa has made a few return visits to town but, Sarah has not been seen since they left.
His storylines have included his relationships with Annie Campbell and Indi Walker and the introduction of his sister and mother.
In the end, Nico starts fighting for her man and can clear him from the murder charge.
"; in fact many gags of the show are based on Billie's bad attitudes.
Karen Grant is a character in Brookside portrayed by Shelagh O'Hara from 1982 until 1986 with returns in 1988 and 1990.
Loretha "Cookie" Lyon is a fictional character from the American musical drama Empire on Fox.
Holly Cunningham is a fictional character from the long-running Channel 4 soap opera Hollyoaks portrayed by Amanda Clapham.
She was played by Julie Harris between 1980 and 1987.
Elena is portrayed by actress Jordana Brewster, and has appeared on the show since its pilot episode, which first aired on June 13, 2012.
Lionel Skeggins is a fictional character on the New Zealand soap opera Shortland Street who was portrayed by John Leigh.
Paul Williams is a fictional character on the American CBS soap opera The Young and the Restless.
Despite this, Joel does not like domestic violence because his step-father hit his mother.
Pauline was created by scriptwriter Tony Holland and producer Julia Smith as one of EastEnders' original characters.
Pettis became quite popular with viewers and critics for his portrayal of the autistic character.
Blackwood praised bosses for the character of Vincent, stating he knew that his portrayal would surprise viewers given his comedy background.
She was portrayed by actor Jeffrey Carlson in August 2006 and then again from November 29, 2006 to April 26, 2007.
Kate Ford took over the role from 25 December 2002 until 8 April 2007.
Jason is the son of Eileen Grimshaw and Tony Stewart, but he did not know his father for many years, his younger brother is Todd.
In a two-part 2010 episode, actress Kay Panabaker portrayed a teenage Kitty Walker in flashback sequences set in 1986.
She added that Amber means well with her decisions and sometimes does the wrong things for the right reasons.
Adrienne Johnson Kiriakis is a fictional character on NBC's daytime drama Days of Our Lives.
He became her third husband, and arguably the second great love of her life, after Blake Carrington.
Asa Buchanan is a fictional character and patriarch of the Buchanan family on the American serial drama One Life to Live.
Anne "Mitzeee" Minniver is a fictional character from the British Channel 4 soap opera, Hollyoaks, played by Rachel Shenton.
Janine's storylines included prostitution, drug addiction, financial worries, becoming an agoraphobe and being falsely charged with the murder of Laura Beale.
Charleston reprised the role for the show's 30th anniversary celebrations and returned on 4 March 2015.
Ali Osman is a fictional character from the BBC soap opera EastEnders, played by Nejdet Salih.
In October 2013, it was announced that Shaffer had quit the role and would leave in February 2014.
Marvin Leonardo "Mouth" McFadden is a fictional character on the CW television series One Tree Hill, portrayed by Lee Norris.
Myra Celestina Philomena Portia McQueen is a fictional character from the British Channel 4 soap opera, Hollyoaks, played by Nicole Barber-Lane.
Gary was introduced as part of the already established Trueman family.
Jan Brandner is a fictional character on German soap opera Verbotene Liebe.
Kate is the mother of Austin Reed, Billie Reed, Lucas Horton, Philip Kiriakis, and twins Cassie and Rex Brady.
She is a doctor, wife, mother, twin, grandmother and great-grandmother.
When Aaron was reintroduced in 2008, he was promoted to the full-time cast and the decision was made to recast the role.
Christine Hewitt is a fictional character from the BBC soap opera EastEnders, played by Elizabeth Power.
Bart's reintroduction was announced on 26 January 2017 and Clarke expressed his delight at reprising the role.
Harry Warner is a fictional character on the New Zealand soap opera Shortland Street who first appeared onscreen in May 2002.
He is portrayed by Daniel Hugh Kelly and made his first appearance on July 5, 2007.
The sidekick of character Shirley Carter, most of Heather's storylines have involved comedy, and Fergison won the 'Funniest Performance' award at the 2008 Inside Soap Awards.
August saw the arrival of James Udagawa, while brothers David and Leo Tanaka were introduced in September, along with Xanthe's mother Brooke Butler.
Tyler later starts dating Whitney Dean, though their relationship suffers badly due to Whitney's past.
Rhys is good at separating his work life from his home life and he knows how to have a good time.
Shadrach Meshach Dingle is a fictional character from the British ITV soap opera, Emmerdale.
Miller chose to leave the show in November 2011 and he made his final appearance on 5 April 2012.
Valerie Spencer is a fictional character from General Hospital, an American soap opera on the ABC network, portrayed by Brytni Sarpy.
He was later discovered by Jay Copeland bound in the trunk of a car.
He is son to Derek Trotter and Raquel Turner.
Elizabeth helps Lucky through his drug relapse in 2011, but he refuses to reconcile and leaves for Ireland.
Edna had been living in the village for many years prior to her first appearance on screen.
Grant and Phil known as the "Mitchell brothers" have become household names in the United Kingdom.
The character made her first screen appearance during the episode broadcast on 19 September 2005.
Reid took a long hiatus from EastEnders in 1994.
Clarissa then blackmails Christoph to marry her again to prove Carolin's innocence.
Alongside new characters are those "plucked from General Hospital's history" and "younger characters with ties to GH's core families."
In 2009, Sunita returned to Coronation Street as a full-time character, reintroduced by producer Kim Crowther.
Gem later used Bailey to achieve her own needs.
He is best friends with Maddie Morrison and Tilly Evans, Roberts has said that George acts like their "lap-dog".
The character departed on 8 March 2012.
Kayla Brady Johnson is one of the six Brady children.
Whilst Ste and his storylines have received a mixed reaction from critics, Richardson has been nominated for various awards for his portrayal.
Behind the scenes Imbruglia quit the serial.
He debuted on-screen during the episode airing on 8 July 2008.
He is part of the Watts family, though his identity was unknown for almost thirty years.
Adam Barton is a fictional character from the ITV soap opera, Emmerdale, portrayed by Adam Thomas.
Alek Pocoli began appearing in September, while October saw the introductions of Gemma Reeves and Eric Edwards.
Duke and Anna's story comes to a tragic end in 1989 when Duke is presumed dead.
Alan Quartermaine is a fictional character from General Hospital, an American soap opera on the ABC network.
Originally contracted for a three-month guest role, producers signed him permanently.
Sumarwata thought the storyline was a great way to get viewers talking about the character.
In August 2015 it was reported that Baylis would be reprising the role as Rob and he returned to filming in October for a short storyline.
Anna Windass is a fictional character from the ITV soap opera Coronation Street, portrayed by Debbie Rush.
Melissa Jarrett is a fictional character from the Australian soap opera Neighbours, played by Jade Amenta.
The character has also formed a relationship with Imogen Willis and been manipulated by Dakota Davies.
Maddy settles into the local school and her relationship with Spencer comes to an end.
A fourth Moon brother was introduced in September, Craig, as well as Faith Olubunmi, the younger sister of Mercy Olubunmi.
Casey was sentenced to time in juvenile detention and was given early release upon his return to the series.
Created and introduced by former head writer Maria Arena Bell, the character was portrayed by Yvonne Zima.
Milton Fanshaw, a new love interest for Sylvia Goodwin, arrived in January.
Megan Hathaway DiMera is a fictional character on the soap opera Days of Our Lives.
Brown last appeared in the role in October 2011.
The couple is often referred to by the portmanteau "Zendall" on Internet message boards.
He is not academically gifted and prefers to spend his time trying to impress the show's female characters.
Janet frequently suffers from bouts of psychosis resulting from emotional abuse inflicted upon her since childhood.
Karen Maguire is a fictional character from the British Channel 4 comedy drama, Shameless, portrayed by Rebecca Atkinson.
Jackson subsequently struggles with his situation and he asks Aaron and his mother to end his life.
Katja Brandner is a fictional character on German daytime soap opera Verbotene Liebe.
Mitzeee is a wannabe glamour model and WAG, she is portrayed as being ruthless in achieving her goals and is fame driven.
Divins discussed the storyline with his gay friends and researched LGBT culture to better shape his performance.
He tries to initiate a relationship with Casey but she rejects him.
She made her first on screen appearance on 25 November 1998.
He returned to EastEnders on 21 September 2010, following the return of on-screen wife Kat two episodes previously.
He first appeared in Hollyoaks online spin-off, Hollyoaks: The Morning After the Night Before, which explored the dangers of binge drinking.
Abi Harper, played by Siobhan Hayes, first appears in Series Three as the daughter of Ben's cousin Richard.
Amy was flirtatious and ditzy, especially interested in fashion and gossip.
Eighteen years following the character's final appearance, women continue to be a driving force in soap operas.
She returned on September 13, 2006 and stayed for another year before leaving on September 11, 2007.
She also becomes close friends with Haley James.
Cilla was also the mother of Chesney, Fiz and Billy Brown.
The character departed on 14 March 2003 after driving into the canal and drowning.
The character has been described as a "legend" and a television icon.
Lester "Les" Boulter was a fictional character in UK soap opera Family Affairs, played by Howard Saddler from 2003 to 2005.
Nevertheless, all of this doesn't prevent Terry from dating the Cleary's sister Vicki.
It was announced on March 18, 2015, that Reckell has inked a deal to return for the show's fiftieth anniversary, airing on August 28, 2015.
He was portrayed throughout by Kevin Kennedy.
Fountain was credited in a flashback episode broadcast on 1 December 2010.
The role was portrayed from 1998 to 2001 by Kristian Alfonso, who also plays Hope Williams Brady on the series.
An intimidating force within the local community, she is the dowager of Albert Square's central family, the Beales and Fowlers.
Gilly has often been portrayed as a push-over and has a double act partnership with fellow character Rhys Ashworth.
The prince is now wanted for murder and the press starts a persecution on him.
Doré opted to leave the serial that same year; Mo was written out of the soap making her last appearance in November.
Her returns have centered on Madeline's attempts to get back in her son's good graces and get her hands on the family fortune.
In 1999, David Tom began portraying Billy as a teenager.
He was introduced during the episode broadcast on 19 July 1995.
She was slated to appear in the Vicker Man premiere episodes alongside Markko in July 2011 but could not due to scheduling conflicts.
Her exit coincided with the permanent departures of cast members Phil Daniels, Kellie Shirley and Matt Di Angelo.
The characters romance with Dom and struggle with anorexia has seen the character's storylines become iconic since her departure.
The following is a list of characters introduced in the show's third year, by order of first appearance.
Actress Annie Parisse portrayed the character from April 13, 1998, to August 21, 2001.
Carmella Cammeniti is a fictional character from the Australian Network Ten soap opera Neighbours, played by Natalie Blair.
Her betrayal deeply hurts Mark but it also gives her the chance to be a mother as she becomes pregnant with Conor's child.
Reckell left the show alongside Kristian Alfonso who played Bo's wife Hope Williams Brady on April 20, 1987.
Kirk Sutherland is a fictional character from the British ITV soap opera, Coronation Street.
Ashleigh "Ash" Kane is a fictional character from the British Channel 4 soap opera Hollyoaks, played by Holly Weston.
He made his first appearance on 21 December 1995.
Peter Hansen inherited the role in 1965 and played it until 1986 and again from 1989 to 1990 before returning permanently from 1992 to 2004.
In Series 5 a more sensitive side to Mimi is introduced after her ex-boyfriend, Paddy, makes a crass comment about her weight.
Bonner left Neighbours to pursue new acting opportunities, and Josh was killed off during the episode broadcast on 5 April 2016.
Spencer Moon is a fictional character from the popular BBC soap opera EastEnders, played by Christopher Parker between 2002 and 2005.
In July 2010, it was announced that Rodriguez was replaced by Camila Banus.
Additionally, she earned a Golden Globe nomination for the role in 1995.
Naufahu reprised his role 18 years later from March 2014.
He made his first appearance in EastEnders on 5 January 2010 before appearing in the spin-off.
In 2005, Gabriella and Daniel are seen together, happy to learn that they are going to be parents.
Moira is portrayed as being strong, feisty, vivacious and independent.
Tracy is the daughter of Ray Langton and Deirdre Barlow.
Lucy opted to leave the role in 2001 after two years in the role, although he reprised the role for two episodes in August 2002.
A storyline was created that Jim also suffered a stroke.
She made her first on-screen appearance on 17 April 2003 and departed on 30 January 2007.
The teenagers take part in a slow and innocent romance, interrupted in 1999 when Lucky is presumed dead in a fire.
Shaffer began filming her scenes in late 2010 and relocated to Liverpool for filming.
Philip and Ruth married in 1998, amid a breast cancer scare for Ruth.
The Sheriff of Nottingham is the main villain of the 2006 BBC television series, Robin Hood.
Although departing as a main character in 2003, Coburn has since returned for brief appearances in 2004, 2005 and 2007.
She made her first screen appearance as Phoebe during the episode broadcast on 23 September 1991.
He ran a grocery shop at No.
The family moved into Ramsay Street and Miranda became friends with many of her neighbours and was employed at both Erinsborough High and Lassiter's Hotel.
Den was the original landlord of The Queen Victoria.
He shared a passionate kiss with her just before she left the island.
Joe first appeared on 4 September 2006 and left the show on 12 September 2008.
Gaby opens her own fashion boutique, with the help and support from her boyfriend, and later fiancé, Glen Donnelly.
Nicholas Newman is a fictional character from the American CBS soap opera The Young and the Restless.
Gaby later gives birth to a son, who is named Zac.
The couple became engaged, but ended their relationship when Phoebe left to tour the United States on 11 May 2017.
He made his first screen appearance during the episode broadcast on 11 May 1988, arriving for his father Harold's wedding to Madge Ramsay.
Created and introduced by show creator, William J.
She made her first appearance on 10 May 2012.
The violence escalates when Kieran convinces Claire to assist him in kidnapping Justin to teach him a lesson.
Matthew Lilley and Eva Matiuk began playing Rob Storey and Sonia Johnson in July, respectively.
It was first broadcast on the Seven Network on 17 January 1988.
In September 2012, it was announced that Elliott would be leaving EastEnders alongside John Partridge.
It was a change in direction for the character, with the lure of money insufficient for her to leave "someone she loves".
It was first broadcast on the Seven Network on 17 January 1988.
Barber-Lane stated that Myra was in the city of Alicante in Spain, visiting daughters, Michaela and Jacqui.
She made her final appearance on 25 March 2011 after she leaves Weatherfield with her new boyfriend Trevor Dean to go travelling around the world.
From April 23 to 28, 2008, the role of Patrick Drake was played by Ethan Erickson while Thompson was having minor surgery.
The character caused controversy among some of the public, who in turn abused Gray constantly because of Nell.
In late 2011, it was reported that Verena Zimmermann was expected her first child and therefore is taking a maternity leave.
The character made her first on-screen appearance on 6 November 2012.
Mercedes is part of the McQueen family and is the longest serving McQueen on the series.
The following is a list of characters that first appeared in the serial in 1998, by order of first appearance.
The character first appeared on 10 August 1993.
Alderson stayed with the series until the ABC Daytime finale in 2012.
September saw the introduction of Tim Collins.
He was a paramedic alongside Sam Aleni and worked at Shortland Street clinic, where his wife Marj fronted reception.
Renwick considered Les Dawson for the part before Wilson changed his mind.
The 23rd season of Neighbours began airing from 8 January 2007.
Carol is one of the main female characters on the show.
The character became one of General Hospital's long-running villains.
Lydia was created by series producer Bryan Kirkwood as one of many characters introduced that year.
The character debuted on-screen during the episode airing on 28 November 1979.
The couple's romance was the subject of controversy, from writing and development to fan dissatisfaction and creator commentary.
Goodrem believed Nina and Jack were soulmates.
Wayne George Patterson was a fictional character on the long-running Australian police drama Blue Heelers, played by actor Grant Bowler.
The O'Connor's were one of three families introduced throughout the year.
She made her first appearance on 18 September 2000.
On 9 February 2017, it was announced that Flanagan had extended her contract and Rosie would remain indefinitely.
Booth was apparently "disappointed" after EastEnders bosses decided to axe his character.
Ian and Maxine reconcile, and so do Carl and Ian.
He made his first appearance on 17 January 2003, and departed on 27 March 2009.
It was announced in October 2015 that Charlie would make another guest appearance in 2016, appearing in 5 episodes from 4 to 7 January.
With no proof, the couple goes through with the wedding only for Robin to appear as they are pronounced husband and wife.
He was later imprisoned for death by dangerous driving but was released when his wife, Di Barker, falsified evidence to clear his name.
Burton's performance earned him a Daytime Emmy Award nomination for Outstanding Supporting Actor in a Drama Series in 2014 and 2016.
In August 2011, a love interest for Chris was introduced in the form of Aidan Foster and they formed Neighbours' first gay couple.
Ray MacDonnell played the character from the show's inception on January 5, 1970, until his retirement on January 5, 2010.
The two were very much in love, and were married through the series end in 1984.
Susie Rugg debuted as Brodie Hanson in July.
Lozano reprised the role when daily episodes of One Life to Live debuted on Hulu, iTunes, and FX Canada via The Online Network April 29, 2013.
She and her psyche have been studied within scholarly contexts.
Tad is portrayed by Michael E. Knight, and Dixie is portrayed by Cady McClain.
Shannon Louise "Lolly" Allen is a fictional character from the Australian soap opera Neighbours.
The character soon softens into a more benevolent patriarchal figure due to the influence of actor Forsythe.
He debuted on-screen on 23 March 1982.
He later falls in love with physical therapist Jordan Ridgeway whom he tries to help overcome her own dark past.
Natalie Evans is a fictional character from the BBC soap opera EastEnders, played by Lucy Speed between 18 January 1994 and 10 May 2004.
Bell, as the son of Victor Newman and Hope Wilson, and was introduced April 24, 1995.
Smith vacated the role in 2015 with Sonny being written out of the series after he leaves for Paris.
Henning Christoph August von Anstetten is a fictional character from German soap opera Verbotene Liebe.
The character was reintroduced in early 2013, with Kip Gamblin taking over the role.
He has also had a long-standing romantic history with Ashley, and they share a child together, Abby Newman.
Hakeem has the star quality to become a superstar like his father, but lacks the discipline and guidance because of his strained relationship with Cookie.
Becky was created by producer Steve Frost as a recurring character.
Rib Hillis temporarily portrayed the role in 2004 when Martsolf was on paternity leave.
The character is played by Kyle MacLachlan.
Sam Stone last played the role from January 19, 2007 to November 24, 2008
The storyliners made Susan a teacher at Erinsborough High to give her immediate links with other characters.
Janey is a regular until the 2002 Christmas special and does not appear in Series Four, while the character is at University.
It was reported on 22 July 2006 that a character with Down's syndrome would be introduced to EastEnders.
The role was portrayed by Jerry verDorn, who joined the series on March 19, 1979 and remained with the series until October 11, 2005.
The character was written out and she departed on 13 July 2007.
Series creator David Jacobs said "Karen is the tent pole.
The return proved to be a ratings success.
Fallon Carrington Colby is a fictional character from the ABC television series Dynasty, its spin-off The Colbys, and The CW's 2017 reboot series.
Carla has been referred to as "the new Elsie Tanner".
Grant debuted on-screen during the episode airing on 9 February 1990.
The role was originated by Shawn Christian from June 11 to September 17, 2002.
In January 2012 it was confirmed that Down was not given a contract renewal, and would exit the show.
Her exit storyline saw her leave Weatherfield to start a new life with Bethany in Milan.
Anna ended up dumping Sam, but was heartbroken when Sam and Nikki made a fresh start together away from Hollyoaks.
Carl Thomas King is a fictional character from the British ITV soap opera, Emmerdale, played by Tom Lister.
He is played by actor Ron Rifkin.
Katherine "Kathy" Barnes is a fictional character from the British Channel 4 soap opera Hollyoaks, played by Sarah Jane Buckley.
In 2002, she and Reckell won a Special Fan Award at the Daytime Emmys for Favorite Couple.
Daphne's marriage to Des Clarke was central to many of her storylines.
The attention Franco garnered boosted publicity for General Hospital and the soap opera genre.
She describes herself as a "bulimic who can't stand vomit".
Amanda Hall Rogers portrayed the character for two episodes on June 9 and June 10, 2003, before being written off.
Wayne becomes a chemistry teacher at Erinsborough High with an unorthodox approach.
She first appeared in 2003 and remained until the show's cancellation in 2006.
He returned in 2010 until Duffy temporary departed in January 2011 to go on Boyzone Tour, and returned on 3 November 2011.
Digger then buried Hutch's body on Southfork land, where it remained undiscovered for over 25 years.
Sixteen of the original eighteen regular characters debuted in the pilot episode.
He has been portrayed by actor Michael Park since April 1, 1997.
His character was later adapted for the NBC television show, Little House on the Prairie and given the name "Isaiah Edwards."
Victoria has three children: Reed Hellstrom by J.T., Johnny Abbott, Billy's son whom she adopted as her own, and Katie Newman.
The following article is a list of characters appearing in the High School Musical film series.
They met Ron Dixon at the Parade, who mistook them for plain clothes Detectives and gave them the Corkhills' address at the close.
Having played the character for the longest amount of time, Robin was the favorite Kelly of the audience.
Anne Foster is a fictional character from the ITV soap opera, Coronation Street, played by Gwen Taylor.
Daniel Kilkelly from Digital Spy believed she has "history of erratic behaviour".
Tim Sander is a fictional character on the soap opera Verbotene Liebe and was played by Roland Pfaus from June 20, 1996 to 1998.
Anna reappeared on All My Children as the twin sister of Dr. Alex Devane on March 2, 2001.
Her final storyline was with Chrissie Watts and Sam Mitchell who plot to kill Den after hurting them, in different ways.
Siobhan Marsden is a fictional character from the British ITV soap opera, Emmerdale, played by Abigail Fisher.
He avenged his imprisonment by targeting Mitzeee's sister Maxine Minniver and beginning a fake relationship with her under an alias.
Marissa Tasker is a fictional character on the soap opera, All My Children.
Willis received two consecutive Emmy nominations for "Outstanding Younger Actress."
She debuted on-screen during the episode airing on 23 January 1990 and appeared as a regular until 1993.
Sharon is the younger sister of Bronwyn Davies.
December saw the introduction of Simon Mallory as Chris Cousens.
Texas was introduced by producer Paul Marquess as the on-screen sister of established character India Longford and step-granddaughter of Cindy Cunningham.
Tom liked to please his parents, although there was often tension between him and his father, who had high expectations for him.
Writers eventually decided that the Renee's marriage had failed and wrote her out.
On 31 January 2008, Dot became the first character ever to appear in a monologue episode, "Pretty Baby....", of a British soap.
She is most recognized by actress Farah Fath who played the role from September 16, 1999, to March 1, 2007.
She departed on-screen on 18 November 2011.
When he finally decides, he opens Scavo's Pizzeria, much to Lynette's dismay.
The character of Chris is constantly noted as a backbone and "key character" of Shortland Street and his storylines have been well received.
The daughter of series creators William J.
Still has spoken of his efforts to make the scenes in which Joel is stabbed as realistic as possible.
Ross Barton made his debut in July.
The character was first introduced during the second season of the show.
Afia is described as "adventurous and straight to the point, doesn't sugar-coat the truth, and doesn't follow everyone else."
Along with his mother and former heiress Skye Chandler, he is one of only three individuals who have been regular characters on three ABC soap operas.
He was later sacked by ITV bosses.
For the American engineer, see Cameron Clark.
Maureen "Little Mo" Mitchell is a fictional character from the BBC soap opera EastEnders, played by Kacey Ainsworth from 18 September 2000 to 26 May 2006.
The character of Romeo is Mitchell's third acting job and he began filming his scenes in May 2009.
Livingston also appeared for two episodes in 2009, last appearing on June 23.
In 2005, they reunited again for the non-fiction special Knots Landing Reunion: Together Again in which the cast reminisced about their time on the show.
Stevie is a main character in series 2, where she is joined by her new friends Asher Levi, Sol Levi and Naz Mehmet.
The character of Gary Ewing was first played by actor David Ackroyd, in a 2-part Dallas episode entitled "Reunion", which broadcast in September 1978.
Upon returning to Home and Away, the actor had lost weight, grown a beard and cut his hair short.
Marta Zarek arrived in February, igniting a child slavery storyline, as did Alya Nazir's best friend, Rana Habeeb.
Wood took a four-month break from the show in 2011 and the character was absent between August and November 2011.
Coronation Street is a British soap opera, initially produced by Granada Television.
Darryl Morton is a fictional character from the British ITV soap opera, Coronation Street.
He made his debut screen appearance during the episode broadcast on 23 January 2012 and was introduced by Emma Smithwick.
Matthew "Matt" Hancock is a fictional character from the Australian soap opera Neighbours, played by Stephen Hunt.
He is a ladies man and a heart-breaker, as sixteen-year-old Diane Butcher discovers.
Hellstrom, a relationship considered a soap opera supercouple.
Leonard "Len" Reynolds is a fictional character from the British ITV soap opera, Emmerdale, played by Peter Martin.
Viewers voted them onto top couple lists multiple times.
Natalie Osborne is a fictional character from the British Channel 4 soap opera, Hollyoaks, played by Tiffany Mulheron.
Selina was introduced to the show after she developed a crush on her teacher.
Tug left the series in September that year.
Heinle's portrayal later won her the Daytime Emmy Award for Outstanding Supporting Actress in a Drama Series in 2014 and 2015.
Moira ended up leaving to run a bed and breakfast with her new husband in early 2001.
Jack was quite rude to his neighbours and had run-ins with them on frequent occasions.
It was first broadcast on 18 March 1985 and currently airs on digital channel Eleven.
The character was killed-off on 1 November 2016, as part of the show's "Halloween Spooktacular" episodes.
The order was founded as a nursing order in 1849.
Cole played the role of Richard Winslow on the show from 1999 to 2002.
He is also part of soap opera's first gay supercouple, Luke Snyder and Noah Mayer, also known as "Nuke".
Chesney later embarked on a relationship with Sinead Tinker, before being stabbed with a glass bottle during an incident at the local restaurant.
Nick was an original character in the serial, appearing from episode one in March 1997.
While writers from the Sunday Mercury criticised Dan and Leah's on-screen partnership.
In November 2014 Mac opted to leave the role and Dodger on screen on 20 January 2015.
Duncan is the son of Ailsa and Alf Stewart.
Angelique Bouchard is a fictional character from the gothic horror-soap opera and film Dark Shadows, in which she is the main antagonist.
Donnelley described Diane as "taking herself much too seriously", while Walters criticized the character for existing solely to advance another character's storyline.
He made his first screen appearance during the episode broadcast on 27 October 1989.
Maggie Kirkpatrick began her second role on the serial as Viv "The Guv" Standish in November.
The character originally appeared from 16 May 1994 to 29 May 1997.
The following is a list of characters that first appeared or will appear during 2013, by order of first appearance.
Serendipity "Ren" Gottlieb is a fictional character from the Australian soap opera Neighbours, played by Raelee Hill.
The character of Harvey Freeman was introduced in April, and the fourth main character from EastEnders: E20, Mercy Olubunmi, joined EastEnders in May.
Scott-Pendlebury reprised her role in 2005 for the serial's 20th anniversary episode, and again in February 2015 ahead of the 30th anniversary.
Kershaw in his first of eight separate stints in the role over the next ten years.
Younes announced his intentions to leave Home and Away in March 2014 and Casey made his final appearance on 16 September 2014.
She returned on 6 November 2012, and departed once more on 12 November 2012.
Dr. Alistair MacMillan "Al" Haskey is a fictional character in the BBC soap opera Doctors, played by Ian Midlane.
The role was originated by actor Kale Browne from March 5, 1998, through April 11, 2001.
He later moved to New Zealand to be a Disc jockey and married Bronwyn.
Victoria Newman is a fictional character from The Young and the Restless, an American soap opera on the CBS network.
Sanjay the market trader has an eye for the ladies and a weakness for gambling.
The following is a list of characters that first appeared in the ITV soap opera Coronation Street in 1996, by order of first appearance.
Kate Woodward of Inside Soap called him "ruggedly handsome" and said he had a heart of gold.
Nikhil Sharma is a fictional character from the British ITV soap opera, Emmerdale, played by Rik Makarem.
Paul Ryan is a fictional character on the CBS soap opera As the World Turns.
Other notable plots include a baby swap plot, two miscarriages and a string of relationships including one with her supposed half-brother.
The role was portrayed by Finola Hughes from 1999 to 2001.
During nearly the entire run of the original series, Knots Landing occupied the same timeslot: Thursday nights at 10:00 p.m.
Coronation Street is a British soap opera, initially produced by Granada Television.
Anna was then knocked over by Cindy Cunningham’s car, but was taken to the hospital, where she made a full recovery.
She was featured in storylines about teenage homelessness, child abuse and recreational drug taking.
He made his first appearance during the episode broadcast on 10 November 2003 and last appearance on 15 January 2007.
The character is portrayed as a "buffoon".
Isabelle "Izzy" Hoyland is a fictional character from the Australian soap opera Neighbours, played by Natalie Bassingthwaighte.
Hope Williams is a fictional character on the NBC soap opera Days of Our Lives.
Months later, Carolin writes Isabell a letter after giving birth to a baby boy named Aaron.
The role has garnered attention for Clark who was nominated for Outstanding Younger Actress at the Daytime Emmy's in 1997, and again nominated in 1998.
She likes to have all the attention on her and often chooses to rebel so people will notice her.
The character was introduced two weeks after his parents and two younger siblings.
Renee was partnered with Alf Roberts and they later marry.
The following is a list of characters that first appeared in the New Zealand soap opera Shortland Street in 2011, by order of first appearance.
The character's creation was announced in 1996 prior to the serial going on air.
None of the actors cast as the Jackson family were matched for appearance or screen compatibility.
For most of the show's history, the character is the show's primary antagonist and Byronic hero.
She made her first screen appearance during the episode broadcast on 3 September 2013.
Thereafter, they were introduced by her successor, Richard Jasek.
Mary Alice is the most mysterious of the housewives as only parts of her story are known.
She appeared as a regular character from 1985 until she was axed in 2001 by series producer Steve Frost.
Lance Timothy Powell is a fictional character from the British Channel 4 soap opera Brookside, played by Mickey Poppins.
She was portrayed as a tough, honest, self-sufficient tomboy.
Brittany Hodges is a fictional character from the American CBS soap opera The Young and the Restless.
The storyline lead to a feud between Ken and Mike, prominent in both characters' narratives until Mike's screen death in 2006.
The character first appeared onscreen in 2000.
She is also described as loyal and is one of a few characters to remain faithful within a relationship in the serial itself.
She made her first screen appearance during the episode broadcast on 26 August 2005 and her last on 22 December 2008.
Carla was a lighter-skinned black American passing as a white woman.
In 2015, executive producer Lee Daniels noted that Taraji P. Henson's character Cookie Lyon in his TV series Empire was partially based on Alexis.
Ricardo Torres is a fictional character from the American soap opera Sunset Beach portrayed by Hank Cheyne during the show's entire run.
Charlene was portrayed as a feisty, quick tempered and outspoken tomboy.
Show bosses immediately terminated Davis' contract and wrote her out of the serial with immediate effect.
For over twenty years, the pairing held the record for the most number of marriages to each other on a soap opera, at four.
Harry has been portrayed as having a unique persona, being a loner refusing to accept help from others and rebelling against those around him.
Mercedes Maria Theresa Immaculata McQueen is a fictional character from the British Channel 4 soap opera, Hollyoaks, played by Jennifer Metcalfe.
She has a short relationship with Curtis Reed.
Sent away for her own protection as a child, the character is rapidly aged into a teenager in 2005 with Julie Marie Berman in the role.
In September, Tina Thomsen, Ross Newton, and Richard Norton joined the cast as Finlay Roberts, Greg Marshall and Simon Fitzgerald, respectively.
The following is a list of characters that first appeared in 1967, by order of first appearance.
Phillips was approached by Hollyoaks producers after she submitted one of her songs to be played on the show.
Laura was written out after suffering a psychotic breakdown, after killing her adoptive father Rick Webber.
Charles took a temporary break from the show in autumn 2011 to film new episodes of Red Dwarf, with Lloyd departing on 15 December 2011.
Kelly Capwell is a fictional character from the American soap opera Santa Barbara.
Jack Manning is a fictional character from the American soap opera One Life to Live.
Palmer quit EastEnders in 2014, and Bianca departed on 12 September 2014.
He first appeared on 20 October 1994.
James announced her departure from Home and Away in March 2011.
Pat was one of the longest serving characters on the show, being on it for twenty-five years and six months.
CBS leaked rumors of recasting, but the actor eventually prevailed.
He made his first screen appearance as Aidan during the episode broadcast on 19 August 2011.
Boyd Hoyland is a fictional character from the Australian soap opera Neighbours, played by Kyal Marsh.
Jackson left the series in December 2011 and the role was not recast.
His sisters Janae and Bree followed in April and their father began appearing from October.
Grieve reprised his role in April 2005 for Neighbours' 20th anniversary episode.
Victoria Lauría is a fictional character in the 2012 Argentine telenovela Graduados.
In October 2009, it was announced that the character was to return to the show.
Bianca Scott is a fictional character from the Australian Channel Seven soap opera Home and Away, played by Lisa Gormley.
In February 2016, Lane announced her decision to leave Coronation Street.
Julia Walker is a fictional character on the ABC television series Brothers & Sisters.
He was introduced during the fourth series as a replacement for the character of Grandad due to the sudden death of actor Lennard Pearce in 1984.
Originally a love interest for "heart throb" Stuart Neilson, Rachel would go through numerous boyfriends and four husbands including a "will they, won't they?"
The character was created and introduced by executive producer, Gloria Monty, and co-head writers, Pat Falken Smith and Norma Monty.
It was first broadcast on the Seven Network on 17 January 1988.
In 2015, André was revealed to be Stefano's son.
Collingwood revealed that she often pitched storylines for Colleen in the hope they would play out on-screen.
In 2005, Guiding Light reintroduced the character with Michael Dempsey in the role.
Nikki gave birth to Victoria in 1982, and the pair were married in 1984.
Before her arrival on screen, April was described as being "worldly, intelligent and quick witted" by a writer for The Daily Telegraph.
He departed on 8 December 2004, but made an appearance on 11 January 2005.
Ash is characterised as a rebellious, partying "rock chick", either spending her time drunk or hungover.
Kayla was created by Pat Falken Smith as one of the original members of the Brady family, a fictional family on the serial.
Platt remained on the show through its final week on air, last airing January 10, 2012.
On 26 May 2017, Ken's attacker was revealed as his son, Daniel Osbourne.
Yvonne's maternal and kind nature saw her establish several core friendships on the show, primarily with; Brenda Holloway, Gerald Tippett and Shobna Kumari.
In August 2016, Dean is acquitted of attempted rape after standing trial off-screen.
The character subsequently died off screen in 2010.
He is played by Jim Broadbent, and in the prequel Rock and Chips, by Calum MacNab.
Steven "Steve" Marchant is a fictional character from the British ITV soap opera, Emmerdale, played by Paul Opacic.
The following is a list of characters that first appeared in 2001, by order of first appearance.
David "Bombhead" Burke is a fictional character from the British Channel 4 soap opera, Hollyoaks, played by Lee Otway.
Sophie Taylor arrived in June, while Martin Ashford made his debut in October.
The fourth member of the Hoyland family, Max, made his debut in August.
Her final episode was broadcast on 5 August 2010.
Kerstin Richter is a fictional character of the German soap opera Verbotene Liebe.
In January 2005, Carolin is seen at an airport with twins - two girls.
She is the wife of Mick Garvey, mother of Chantelle and Michael.
However, on October 22, it was confirmed that Zeman would be returning to the show, with her first airdate slated to be on November 27.
Ken was created by Tony Warren as one of Coronation Street's original characters.
Melody is characterised as a shy student but has a "psycotic" side to her persona.
Tom Hughes and Margo Montgomery are also the longest married couple in soap opera history.
As part of this, the show's focus returned to family dynamics and the character of Bridget and her family were created and introduced.
The character caused controversy when 126 viewers complained to television watch dog Ofcom about Ivan and Paul's intimacy.
Beppe is the local heart-throb and he has numerous relationships in Albert Square, which all end in disaster.
Alex Marshall is a fictional character on the television drama Days of Our Lives.
Ste was created by David Hanson and was originally intended to be a short-term character for seven episodes.
Darryl's personality was seen as manipulative, egotistical and destructive.
Jason Grimshaw is a fictional character from the British ITV soap opera, Coronation Street.
Rosetta's storylines included an arranged marriage, a same-sex kiss and pseudocyesis.
Joey Buchanan is a fictional character from the American daytime serial One Life to Live.
Over the years, Lucy is known for having developed from a "mousy librarian" to a villainous liar, schemer and vixen to ultimately an unlikely heroine.
Lance Charles Wilkinson is a fictional character from the Australian soap opera Neighbours, played by Andrew Bibby.
The role was originated by Eddie Cibrian in May 1994, who left the show in 1996.
In 1980, Elliot won the Daytime Emmy for outstanding supporting actress, and was nominated again in 1993.
He also became involved in another robbery with Robbo and briefly dated Imogen Willis.
Ally is Australian and a military medic.
He made his first screen appearance on 2 April 2013.
Ainsworth received critical acclaim for her portrayal and was nominated for Daytime Emmy Award for Outstanding Younger Actress in a Drama Series in 2011.
This and her emotionally withdrawn and critical character initially fuels animosity between her and her colleagues.
He currently serves as the thirteenth longest running character in the history of the show.
Following Jade's departure, Kyle began dating Georgia Brooks.
The character's romance with Rangi is remembered as hugely iconic as well as the characters long duration.
After a series of misdemeanours Tug instigates a car crash to end his life.
She undergoes a second round of In vitro fertilisation treatment.
In March 2016, it was revealed that Bauer would be returning to the show for at least three episodes airing in September.
Patricia Tate Whiting McCleary, often called Patti Tate, is a fictional character on the now-cancelled American soap opera Search for Tomorrow.
Holly Sutton Scorpio is a fictional character on the ABC soap opera General Hospital.
Gabrielle "Gaby" Willis is a fictional character from the Australian soap opera Neighbours, played by Rachel Blakely.
The character was portrayed by Jasmin Lord and debuted on June 17, 2008.
He was portrayed by Tommy Lee Jones from February 1971 until the character's onscreen death in 1975.
Other storylines have included abusing his elderly father Sandy, being accidentally run over by Victoria Sugden which results in his epilepsy, and being diagnosed with dementia.
He made his first on-screen appearance on 22 March 2010.
She married Brad Willis in 1993, and the couple left Erinsborough for Perth.
The following is a list of characters who first appeared in the Channel 4 soap opera Hollyoaks in 1999, by order of first appearance.
He starts to fall for her and the two eventually end up together.
Claudia will be portrayed by Brianna Brown in the 2017 reboot of the series.
Seeing him after all those years sets her pain free and Jan realizes how hurt Kerstin must have been over the breakup all those years ago.
Marian is undoubtedly beautiful and carries some status with her, as the daughter of Edward, the old Sheriff.
Scott Major guested as armed robber Murray in October.
She is then fostered by Joel and Natalie Nash.
The following is a list of characters that first appeared in the British soap opera Emmerdale Farm in 1972 and 1973, by order of first appearance.
She is then brought up by her maternal grandmother and aunt off-screen.
Crystal Chappell portrayed the character from June 12, 1990 to October 18, 1993.
Zainab is the mother of Syed, Shabnam, Tamwar and Kamil Masood.
Steven Webber is a fictional character from the American ABC soap opera, General Hospital.
In reality, Shepherd quit to explore new roles.
When Bonehead dies, Jimmy makes sure they are seen as the prime suspects, and threatens them into fleeing town.
After pretending to be someone else to get to know her family again, Mimi grows very found of Johannes' daughter Nico.
Faye Windass' biological father, Tim Metcalfe, arrived in January, while Steph Britton and Eric Babbage made their debuts in February.
Cally Harper Ewing is a fictional character, that appeared in the 1988–91 seasons of the American television series, Dallas, played by Cathy Podewell.
A prominent storyline for Ruby saw her reveal her illiteracy and subsequently develop feelings for her tutor, Pete Hamill.
He is the brother of Peter a police officer whose occupation endangers Dan's life.
The Crane family is a fictional family on the NBC/DirecTV soap opera Passions.
November saw the only baby being introduced, Louise Mitchell, the daughter of Phil and Lisa Fowler.
Travis was the son of Rusty Sentell, Senior, and his wife, Mignon.
Before his arrival on screen, O'Connor revealed that Ally has a "dark past" that would be "uncovered eventually in true soap style".
Giovinazzo enjoyed portraying Phoebe's foray into the music industry.
Marta partners with the duo and they attempt to steal the Southfork Ranch from Bobby Ewing.
The following is a list of characters who first appeared in the BBC soap opera Doctors in 2011, by order of first appearance.
Frisco has been portrayed by Jack Wagner on and off from 1984 to 1991, from 1994 to 1995, and briefly in 2013.
The character was originally played by Andrew Burt from 1972 to 1973 with a brief return in 1976, when left for Italy to write a book.
Lana and Sky's friendship eventually culminated in Neighbours' first lesbian kiss.
Chris became the focus of a coward punch storyline in 2014 and agreed to have a baby with his friend Lucy Robinson.
Christine Blair is a fictional character from The Young and the Restless, an American soap opera on the CBS network, portrayed by Lauralee Bell.
DeGarmo described her as an over-the-top "jersey girl", and noted her flamboyant costumes and voice.
She made her first screen appearance during the serial's pilot episode, which was broadcast on 17 January 1988.
Niall Rafferty is a fictional character from the British Channel 4 soap opera, Hollyoaks, played by Barry Sloane.
He made his first screen appearance on 9 July 2013.
His casting was announced by executive producer Kathleen Hutchison on 20 October 2004.
Despite having been raped by a drunken Luke, Laura falls in love with him.
She returned on 5 January 2012 for her third whodunit storyline, "Who's Stalking Phil?
The following is a list of characters that first appeared in the British soap opera Emmerdale in 2008, by order of first appearance.
Alex Kirby was a fictional character in Australia's long-running police drama Blue Heelers.
Lewis's exit from the serial was devised by series producer Jo Hallows who decided to kill the character on screen as part of a suicide storyline.
Kerry Bishop is a fictional character from the Australian soap opera Neighbours, played by Linda Hartley-Clark.
In September 2011, People magazine named them one of the supercouples of the 2000s in their tribute to the series.
The role was then recast with Kirsten Storms.
The result of a teenage pregnancy, her mother gave her up for adoption.
Joseph "Joe" Macer is a fictional character from the BBC soap opera EastEnders, played by Ray Brooks.
she decided to go on the holiday, leaving a note for Katie asking her to look after Louise.
Nick is the son of characters Charlie and Dot Cotton, and the father of Charlie, Ashley and Dotty Cotton.
He dies following a motorway crash in the sixteenth series episode "Past, Present, Future" – making his final screen appearance on 16 March 2002.
Upon arrival, she is reunited with Gary with whom she slowly falls back in love.
After a year, Bibby auditioned for another character called John and the writers chose to turn him into Lance.
She made her first appearance in 2000 before leaving in 2004.
Maxwell Harold "Max" King is a fictional character from the British ITV soap opera, Emmerdale, portrayed by Charlie Kemp.
She made her first appearance on 27 October 1989 until Callard opted to leave and Liz departed on 13 November 1998.
Jen Handley is a fictional character from the Australian soap opera Neighbours, played by Alyce Platt.
Gaby is the eldest daughter of Doug and Pam Willis.
Anna is known for being a member of the powerful, upper class, DiMera family.
Carol first appeared in the serial on 9 January 1996.
It was first broadcast on March 26, 1973, and airs on CBS.
On his release, he returned home, with Jimmy Corkhill.
They continued try to make their relationship successful, but when Harman quit the series writers were tasked with separating them.
Following Bonner's decision to quit the show after eleven years, Steph departed on 24 November 2010.
Clyde Crashcup is a fictional character from the early 1960s animated television series The Alvin Show.
Valance was initially contracted for three years.
He first appeared onscreen in 2000 and departed the following year after producers decided to write the character out of the show.
Grant Mitchell is a fictional character from the Australian Channel Seven soap opera Home and Away, played by Craig McLachlan.
McDonald earned a nomination for the Most Popular New Male Talent Logie Award for his portrayal of Jett.
Christina and Remy later found that they were not legally married, after which she surprised him by saying she was pregnant.
In August 2014, Jossa announced that she was expecting her first child.
Waring has been nominated for several awards for her part as Cindy.
She left the show on 31 July 2008.
Tina O'Brien took over the role on 31 October 1999; she opted to leave in 2007 and made her final on-screen appearance on 30 December 2007.
General Hospital is the longest-running American television serial drama, airing on ABC.
Doe was the third and final actress to play Simone before the character was written off the show shortly before its transition to DirecTV.
The character is written out of the series in the summer of 2011 by head writer, Garin Wolf, and sent off to military school.
Joanna departed on screen on 15 April 1997.
She often went off the rails, due to arguments with her parents, but she was a good person deep inside.
Jane Harris is a fictional character from the Australian Network Ten soap opera Neighbours, played by Annie Jones.
Spencer is the brother of Alfie Moon, played by Shane Richie.
Percy Sugden is a fictional character from the British ITV soap opera, Coronation Street, played by Bill Waddington.
The EastEnders website describes Kim as having big hair, a loud personality, hyperactive and a big heart.
A tragicomic character, Dot is known for her devout Christian faith, gossiping, chain smoking, hypochondria, and motherly attitude to those in need.
Cherry departed Doctors on 19 October 2012.
Nina Webster is a fictional character from the American CBS soap opera The Young and the Restless, portrayed by Tricia Cast.
Arriving in June 2007 as an eager yet awkward newbie nurse, Joey was a potential love interest for Claire Solomon.
They first fought over Scott Grainger in the early 1990s, with a love triangle forming around the three characters.
Rosemary returned in 2010 for four episodes to celebrate the 25th anniversary.
In a bid to explore Kim and Lindsey's past a "secret sister" Kath Butterfield was written into the show.
Steve has been described as "lovable" and a Shortland Street "favorite".
Terry has three sons: Paul Clayton, Tommy Duckworth, and Brad Armstrong.
While she is Abersoch, Tilly embarks on a brief holiday romance with Esther Bloom.
She arrives with him from the city and stays with him in the police residence.
Casey was one of the women Claire Peacock met through her voluntary phone counselling; she had lost her baby.
Hardy announced his departure from the role on 19 November 2014, making his final on screen appearance on 24 February 2015.
Paddy immediately has Nelson put down, deeply upsetting Micky.
Nicole was initially portrayed as a shallow "party girl" with "wild ways".
He is played by actor Dave Annable.
Ricky Williams is a fictional character from the CBS Daytime soap opera The Young and the Restless.
Bell, she is currently portrayed by Amelia Heinle.
She is known for attracting troublesome men, and being quite troublesome herself.
The following year, Raffety became a series regular.
For those reasons, Gisborne, a dispossessed lord and Vaisey's right hand man, falls in love with her quite obsessively.
Between 2012–13, she was played by Lindsey Morgan.
July saw the introductions of Tahnee Coppin, Carmel Tyler and Penny's sister, Sindi.
Brittany's storylines included relationships with Raul Guittierez and J.T.
April has a fiery relationship with her half-sister, Bianca.
Graves debuted July 15, 1968, and played the role until he left the series and last appeared in March 1974.
She filmed her final scenes in August and departed on 29 October 2012.
Dawn Acton played the role from 12 December 1988 until 14 June 1995, Acton reprised the role in November 1996 and departed in December 1997.
Ariana Chase was the third actress to play Kimberly from 1992 to 1993; Casey Wallace via flashbacks in 1992.
It was announced that Clapham would be leaving the role of Freddie when the credits at the end of the episode read "Goodbye Freddie Roscoe".
He is portrayed as an impulsive, cocky "badboy-with-a-heart".
This is a list of characters who first appeared on the programme during 2009, listed in order of their first appearance.
The most famous of which was a long running incest storyline with fan favourite - Donna Heka.
Vaisey became the Sheriff a few years before Robin's return to England, taking over from Marian's father Edward.
Initially a con artist and "bad girl", Chelsea has developed into a loving person.
He also faced problems at work after reporting a fellow officer for corruption, which led to his life being threatened.
Anthony Moon is a fictional character from the BBC soap opera EastEnders, played by Matt Lapinskas.
He made his screen return on 11 June 2014.
But their relationship is marred by his interfering mother Diana, who he is unable to stand up to.
Jones was introduced in 2001 and remained until the show ended in 2006.
Eric "Ric" Dalby is a fictional character from the Australian Channel Seven soap opera Home and Away, played by Mark Furze.
Dylan became the protégé of Paul Robinson.
Krauss returned as Arno's spirit for the web special Die längste Nacht von Königsbrunn in 2014.
Oscar Scully, the fifth child of the established Lyn and Joe, was born in August.
He made his first appearance on 13 December 2001.
In July 2014, it was announced that Myra would return again later in the year, but for a longer stint.
The actor took over the role in 2003 and has played the character ever since.
Fans have nicknamed the couple "J&J" or JnJ" on internet message boards.
They are often referred to by the portmanteau "Jolleen" by fans on internet message boards and in magazines.
She is the former wife of Archie Mitchell, and mother of Ronnie Mitchell, Roxy Mitchell and Danny Mitchell.
Woodyatt filmed his 3000th episode on 27 May 2016.
The following is a list of characters that first appeared in 1993, by order of first appearance.
Jimmy has often been cited as a lovable rogue by the media.
Lauren Waters is a fictional character in British teen drama Britannia High, as is portrayed by Georgina Hagen.
In November 2012, it was announced Smith would be leaving Neighbours and Andrew made his screen departure on 29 March 2013.
Dawn Atwood is a fictional character on the FOX television series The O.C., portrayed by Daphne Ashbrook.
It was announced on 9 June 2013, that Discipline decided to leave the show and Tyler would be leaving the soap.
The shows casting director spotted Blakely on the cover of a magazine and asked her to audition for the role of Gaby.
Marquess fully took control on 17 January 2010, onwards.
The character is known for being a "spoiled rich boy", a "screw up", and for his gambling addictions and consumption of alcohol.
The following is a list of characters that first appeared in the British soap opera Emmerdale in 2003, by order of first appearance.
He made his first on-screen appearance on 7 August 2002, before departing in 2005.
The Banned are a fictional band in the BBC soap opera EastEnders.
The character was introduced as a "home-wrecking blonde" by executive producer Matthew Robinson on 7 December 1998.
Dawn Cunningham is a fictional character from the British soap opera Hollyoaks, played by Lisa Williamson.
Lauren Valentine is a fictional character from the British Channel 4 soap opera, Hollyoaks, played by Dominique Jackson.
In the 2017 reboot of the series, Steven will be played by actor James Mackay.
Tad is portrayed by actor Michael E. Knight.
She was nominated for an Emmy award in 1992 for Outstanding Younger Actress in a television drama.
Upon hearing Fernandes' return in late 2010, Patel said he was "glad" that he is able to explore another side to Tamwar's character.
Paul Flynn from The Guardian praised his storyline involving Nicola's affair lies.
Jim was the patriarch of the Robinson family.
Fox, as played by Hartley, was a fan favorite amongst Passions viewers.
Mrs. Mary Elizabeth Jennifer Rachel Abergavenny "Betty" Slocombe née Yiddell is a fictional character from the BBC One comedy shows, Are You Being Served?
A character that fans "loved to hate", Darryl was introduced as the antagonistic son of receptionist Marj Neilson and paramedic Tom Neilson.
In January 2011, it was announced that Thomson had quit the series and would make her on-screen departure later in the year.
Nic Testoni joined the serial in April as Travis Nash.
Ruth was a divorced single mother, who came to Erinsborough as Helen Daniels' new physiotherapist.
Letitia Dean has defended the decision to reintroduce Sharon, suggesting that long-running dramas such as EastEnders need "old blood".
His last on-screen appearance was on 21 February 2008, and his absence was explained by the character visiting his mother, Annie Sugden in Spain.
She was created by scriptwriter, William J.
April saw Robbie Roscoe, Trevor Royle and Vincent Elegba arrive.
Tammy took her stepfather's last name when he adopted her.
Previously, Lulu was portrayed by child actress, Tessa Allen from 2004 to 2005.
In July 2002 after a five-year absence, Mike returns to Oakdale, this time being played by Mark Collier until January 2007.
Faye Windass' biological father, Tim Metcalfe, arrived in January, while Steph Britton and Eric Babbage made their debuts in February.
Moira Barton is a fictional character from the British ITV soap opera, Emmerdale, played by Natalie J. Robb.
Frankie is the only living child of the Daytime's first and only, African American Supercouple, Jesse and Angie.
The character is the widow of Barry Evans, David and Michael Moon and is divorced from Ryan Malloy.
She appeared sporadically for an additional three years.
He is reintroduced as a full-time character in 1997 and remains in the serial until 2002, when actor Gavin Richards decided to leave.
In May 2005, the character was written out and she departed on 25 October 2005 following a plane crash.
The family were later joined by Rachel's homosexual brother Jonathon.
The character later became the longest serving male character in the series.
Ken was introduced as the educated son of a working-class family.
She is the 7th Longest character behind Tom, Chris, PJ, Maggie, Ben and Nick.
He made his first screen appearance on 21 November 2012.
Taylor later quit the role with the character leaving in 2000 when she went travelling.
Marco began a relationship with a pregnant Carmella Cammeniti, which caused tensions between himself and the baby's father, Oliver Barnes.
Granville is a fictional character played by David Jason in the British sitcom Open All Hours and its sequel, Still Open All Hours.
Actor Antony Ponzini originated the role from the debut episode in 1968 through 1975, and briefly reappeared in 1987.
A reporter for the Daily Mirror said Harrison was axed due to rows with the producers over her poor acting.
Mark's early storylines often revolved around his relationship with Kate Ramsay.
Clayton "Clay" Evans is a fictional character from the CW television series One Tree Hill, portrayed by Robert Buckley.
Peta is a local girl who seemingly blends into the background until she is given a makeover by Hayley Smith.
Most notably portrayed by Ilene Kristen, the character was created and introduced by Claire Labine and Paul Avila Mayer.
She is the daughter of Michelle Fowler and Den Watts.
She went through the stages of dealing with the rape.
Lewis eventually declares his feelings for Audrey, and they plan to leave Weatherfield together.
She made her first on-screen appearance on 23 October 1989.
He is a member of the powerful and wealthy Chandler family.
He first appears in the 4660th episode, originally broadcast in the United Kingdom on 20 June 2013.
Oliver Jones is a fictional character in the CBS soap opera The Bold and the Beautiful.
Throughout his time on the soap opera, Reeves became popular with fans as one of the genre's leading men, garnering multiple awards and nominations.
He has interest in her as well and after a short time the two of them become a couple.
Upon Abby's return in 2013, Rylan felt that she had become "more mature".
In 2008, Lucky and Elizabeth were named No.
On 2 May 2016, it was announced that Sidwell had returned to the role.
He continued to make frequent guest appearances until 2005.
Fox is deeply in love with Kay and cares deeply for her toddler daughter, Maria, and Fox and Kay become engaged.
Simone's storyline made daytime television history when Passions became the first soap opera to show two women having sex.
Angelique was originally introduced to explain how Barnabas Collins became a vampire, but she proved popular enough in her own right to make many return appearances.
He returned for a single episode on 21 October 2011.
Kristin Shepard is a fictional character on the popular American television series, Dallas, played, most notably, by Mary Crosby and, briefly, by Colleen Camp.
Bree Weston is a fictional character and one of the four protagonists on the ABC television series Desperate Housewives.
Richard Taylor is a fictional character from the long-running Channel 4 soap opera Hollyoaks, played by Richard Calkin.
The CW's 2009 reboot also brought Amanda back, but her appearance was not enough to prevent the show's cancellation.
Amanda Cortinas originated the character in 2003, and Melissa Fumero subsequently played her from 2004 to 2008, 2010, and 2011.
Lucas Anthony Holden is a fictional character from the Australian soap opera Home and Away, played by Rhys Wakefield.
Carol Foley, previously Meehan, is a fictional character in the Irish soap opera Fair City, portrayed by Aisling O'Neill.
The following is a list of characters that appeared in 1973, by order of first appearance.
Shortly after Charles moved to Australia, she was encouraged to try out for a part in the serial by a drama coach.
But another tragedy struck in December that year when Mike was badly injured in a car crash involving a stolen car being driven by Tim O'Leary.
Since then five more series of eight episodes each have aired year-on-year, along with an annual Christmas special broadcast every Christmas Day since 2012.
She made her first on-screen appearance on 7 July 1988.
Younes was about to go travelling when he auditioned for the role of Casey.
George departed Home and Away on 30 August 1996.
The role was first portrayed by a series of child actors, including Samantha Bailey.
He plays with a sequence since at GZSZ.
Aden is characterised as a "bad boy" who goes on a journey to become one of the "good guys".
Tiffany Butcher is a fictional character from the BBC soap opera EastEnders, played by Maisie Smith.
Micky leaves Chatsworth during ninth series after helping a young woman, Liz, give birth to a baby girl.
Used as a focal point for the TK and Sarah Potts love triangle, the 2011 Winter Season climaxed with TK's and Roimata aborted wedding.
Stanley Reginald "Stan" Carter is a fictional character from the BBC soap opera EastEnders, portrayed by Timothy West.
He made his first on screen appearance on 26 February 2001 and departed on 13 February 2004.
David last appeared on 30 May 2014, after his relationship with Carol broke down.
Since Drucilla's presumed death in 2007, Neil has had numerous other romances, including Karen Taylor, Sofia Dupre, Leslie Michaelson, and Hilary Curtis.
Joel made his first on-screen appearance on 13 May 1998.
The character was created by Tony Holland, one of the creators of EasEnders; he was based on a member of Holland's family.
Anna Catherine De Souza is a fictional character from the ITV soap opera, Emmerdale, played by Emma Davies.
Arguably the serial's most popular character of all time, Hilda was voted the greatest TV character in a Radio Times poll of over 5,000 people.
During the storyline, Dixon filmed her first gay kiss.
January saw three introductions; DC Moore, Marc Selby and Frank Foster, played by former The Bill actor Andrew Lancel.
When the character returned in 2007, Paul was played by Tom Hudson.
Daniel was initially portrayed as a happy-go-lucky, easy-going, hippy, who wanted to make the most out of life.
As a teenager, he becomes part of the supercouple Lucky Spencer and Elizabeth Webber while Lucky helps Elizabeth recover after she has been raped.
She was played by three actresses: Lotte Van Dam, Chris Jolles and Rixt Leddy.
He is notable for his relationships with Sharon Newman—a pairing regarded as "dark" by SoapNet—and Chelsea Lawson.
Ryder Susman briefly took over the role in 1989, before Dey returned.
Her mother is portrayed as an ignorant and misguided individual who cared little for her five children.
Oscar was introduced to the show along with his twin sister Evelyn and their aunt Hannah Wilson, creating a family for established character Zac MacGuire.
The character departed on 2 October 2015, following O'Reilly's decision to pursue new acting roles.
The character was portrayed by daytime veteran Sarah Joy Brown.
The role was portrayed by Jennifer Ferrin at the time of the character's death.
Joanna's next job was as an aerobics instructor.
Introduced by executive producer Jill Farren Phelps, the character made her first appearance on January 27, 2014.
His relationship with Dixie Cooney made them a favorite of fans, reaching supercouple status.
Wyatt Spencer is a fictional character from the original CBS Daytime soap opera, The Bold and the Beautiful, portrayed by Darin Brooks.
In 2012, Vaughan stepped into the role and the character is re-introduced as a priest.
The show followed the lives of workers at a glamorous five-star hotel.
Aleksander joined the cast in 1982, leaving in 1984 but returning to the role in 1987.
While in London awaiting a flight back to the United States on January 4, 2007, Grace is killed in a bus explosion engineered by Vincent Clarkson.
Sam Gibson is a fictional character from the American soap opera The Young and the Restless, portrayed by Sean Patrick Flanery.
Other storylines included a friendship with Gypsy Nash and an attraction to local "bad boy" Heath Braxton.
In 1997, she made her second departure from the show and joined its now defunct spin-off Port Charles.
She also wanted to fulfill her new-found dreams of becoming a recording artist.
Dennis was later described as "immensely popular".
John Black is a fictional character from Days of Our Lives, an American soap opera on the NBC network.
Lucy Romalotti, Primrose DeVille and Caleb Atkinson all debuted in January, while Angelo Veneziano first appeared in February.
They were all introduced by the show's then executive producer John Holmes.
The following are characters who first appeared in the BBC soap opera EastEnders during 2012 listed by order of first appearance.
However, Anna was surprised when Sam accidentally sent a text to Anna revealing that he had spent the night with Nikki.
Owen originally left the role in 2000 to pursue a music career.
He departed on 5 April 2000, but made a small cameo for the show's 20th anniversary episode broadcast on 27 July 2005.
Leanne departed the show in 2013, as part of the show's eighteenth anniversary celebrations.
The character has also been called a "bitchy schoolgirl" and sharp-tongued.
The couple was initially popular from 1986 through 1990 until the "death" of Steve.
Michelle "Shelley" Sutherland is a fictional character from the Australian soap opera Home and Away, portrayed by actress Paula Forrest.
Audrey Hardy is a fictional character on the ABC soap opera, General Hospital.
Duncan Button is a fictional character from the British Channel 4 soap opera, Hollyoaks, played by Dean Aspen.
Jean departed the series on 17 September 2013, leaving for a fresh start with boyfriend Ollie Walters.
Coulson chose to leave the show for a third time in June 2015, with her exit aired on 2 October 2015.
In 2008, the character died onscreen, though Coleman continued to reprise the role as a vision had by other characters in 2010 and 2012.
A good-natured governess with a mysterious past, she is the de facto female lead in the various incarnations of the story.
He returned permanently from the episode broadcast on 20 August 2009.
The trio consist of Casey and his older half-brothers Darryl and Heath Braxton.
Bissix originally played the character as a schoolgirl from 1993 to 1998.
Thomas is the son of supercouple Ridge Forrester and Taylor Hayes.
The character then became involved with Ashley Abbott and the two were later married; their union ended after a year due to Tucker's adultery.
He made his first appearance on 9 July 2007.
When Brenda left the show it continued on with Sonny and Carly Benson.
The Ferndale Strangler storyline was hugely praised, with both critics and audiences tuning in to witness the dramatic 9 months that unfolded.
In 2002 it was discovered that the daughter Judy had adopted out at birth was none other than new nurse, Anne Greenlaw.
She is the younger sister of Brooke and Donna Logan.
Antonio Vega is a fictional character on the long-running American soap opera One Life to Live.
Sunny was created by executive producer Susan Bower in response to criticism that Neighbours was "too white".
The characters of J. R. Ewing and John Ross Ewing feature heavily in Marta's storyline.
Later storylines focus on her relationship with Eve's husband T. C. Russell and attempts to murder Alistair Crane for raping her as a teenager.
Kevin John Webster is a fictional character from the British ITV soap opera, Coronation Street.
and Paul was pushed from a mezzanine by an unseen assailant.
She is good friends with Tom Croydon and his late wife Nell.
Nicole Büchner comes to town after the death of her father Max Orbis.
Eve Russell is a fictional character on the American soap opera Passions, which aired on NBC from 1999 to 2007 and on DirecTV in 2007–08.
Producers also introduced a comedic pairing with long-running character Irene Roberts.
Ringo Brown is a fictional character from the Australian soap opera Neighbours, played by Sam Clark.
Snow won the role after auditioning in early 2013.
Reese was portrayed by Tamara Braun, and Bianca was portrayed by Eden Riegel.
In March and April 2008, the character made her first crossover to the series' sister series, The Young and the Restless.
Monster High is an American fashion doll franchise created by Mattel and launched in July 2010.
Cally was the second wife of J.R. Ewing.
She has since reprised the role on four occasions.
Bethany's storylines have included her taking ecstasy tablets when her uncle, David Platt hid them in a toy.
Since 2004, when the role was recast to an older actress, storylines featuring Lucy have focused upon her teenage rebellion.
He debuted on-screen during the pilot episode airing on 17 January 1988.
Avery first came to Genoa City after being hired by Victor Newman to be Sharon Newman's lawyer during the character's murder case.
He was the President of Sampson Industries which caused him to become an enemy to both Alan Spaulding and Billy Lewis.
Anna made a mad dash to the airport, just in time to catch Alex, and she managed to persuade him to give Charlie back to her.
Eva moves into The Rovers Return Inn with her mother and her mother's boyfriend, Karl Munro.
The character was axed in April 2010 and her departure episode was broadcast on 5 August 2010.
This resulted in a long-running storyline for Gilly in which he was seen taking a "dark journey" unable to cope with grief.
Nicole was mentioned various times before appearing on-screen, James was cast in the role and described by Welsh as an "exciting talent".
Roy Edmund Evans is a fictional character from the BBC soap opera EastEnders, played by Tony Caunter from 26 December 1994 to 18 March 2003.
Rylan stepped into the role in 2013.
His final air date was May 12, 2014, when the character was killed in a whodunit murder mystery.
Neighbours is an Australian television soap opera created by Reg Watson.
All characters were introduced by the shows executive producer Ric Pellizzeri.
After struggling with her studies, she left school part-way through her course and enrolled on a hotel management course.
Before Loretta's departure from the series Marquess made changes to the characters persona: portraying her as a stalker being obsessive, calculating and pretending to have leukaemia.
Binnie is an out and proud lesbian, which is in stark contrast to her shy and retiring girlfriend, Della Alexander.
Owen Armstrong is a fictional character from the British ITV soap opera, Coronation Street, played by Ian Puleston-Davies.
She has been portrayed by actress Suzanne Rogers since 1973, though she left the show briefly in 1984 and 2003.
The following are characters from the American soap opera General Hospital, who are notable for being the children of important characters.
Jade is a personal trainer and Pranita chose to take up an exercise routine for the role.
Jenna was also briefly played by Morgan Fairchild in 1978 and Francine Tacker in 1980.
But Carolin tells him that nothing is the same anymore and that she really loved Christoph.
Hope Logan is a fictional character from the CBS Daytime soap opera, The Bold and the Beautiful.
She then kidnapped three of her female adversaries.
Their son died of sudden infant death syndrome, causing Bianca to turn to drugs to block out the pain.
It was announced on 15 June 2007 he would leave the show at the end of his current storyline.
They go on to share a relationship.
In 2015, Bose made brief returns to the show, on two separate occasions, one being in March and the other being in September.
It was reported on 6 May 1997 that Jeronimo had quit the soap after three years.
He remained in a prominent role until May 1964, when the character was written out by series producer Tim Aspinall.
She is the daughter of Denise Fox and Owen Turner, and half-sister of Chelsea Fox.
Appearing sporadically, Darryl made several recurring appearance from 1992 to the characters death in 1995.
Kate was introduced along with her siblings Harry and Sophie as a new generation of the Ramsay family.
The character made her first appearance on 2 August 1999.
The character first appeared on the April 10, 1985 episode of General Hospital as a fence.
Joel was originally introduced as a "mysterious newcomer" who is hiding a secret.
She made her first on-screen appearance on 28 April 2009.
She is the daughter of Phillip Spaulding and Beth Raines, born onscreen on Thanksgiving in 1990.
After a conversation Tim O'Leary had with former resident Barry Grant, the residents of Brookside Close lynched Jack from his own window.
Thompson said that Doctor Browning and Mercedes "are excited by how dangerous the other is" and are "kindred spirits" who have an "undeniable connection between them".
Aspen reprised his role as Duncan for the sixth series of Hollyoaks Later in October 2013.
However, CBS has stated that having Drucilla return is not the creative decision they are looking for, which has disappointed fans of the actress.
Carly Corinthos is a fictional character from General Hospital, a soap opera on the ABC network, currently portrayed by Laura Wright since 2005.
The role was originated in 1984 by Nathan Purdee, who portrayed the character until 1992.
Dylan Carter was introduced during the same episode.
Following the break-up, Evelyn was paired with newcomer Tank Snelgrove.
Felicia is known as the black sheep of the Forrester family.
Tanja von Lahnstein is a fictional character from the German soap opera Verbotene Liebe, played by actress Miriam Lahnstein.
Darren also proposes to Jodie but decides not to marry her after thinking he's not good enough for her.
Billy Mayhew and Erica Holroyd were introduced in December.
Cibrian departed on October 14, 1999, to pursue a career in primetime.
The role was once recast with Geoffrey Scott from August 30, 1993 to March 2, 1994.
Ivan was originally introduced to participate in a storyline about the character of Jarvis Skelton and only meant to feature in three episodes.
June saw the respective arrivals of Seb Miller and Flynn Saunders.
While Natascha is trying to get Daniel back, he only wants Gabriella back.
He made his first appearance on 6 November 2005.
She made her first appearance as Lauren on 7 February 2013.
Moira's marriage to Earl was often strained and he was rarely home.
She mainly featured in an antagonistic role and was killed-off towards the end of the final series.
She moved into Diane's pub, after her marriage breakdown, and helped run it while Diane was away visiting her daughter.
March saw the year's first baby, Holly Hoyland, born.
He has a big ego and a lot of pride.
Phillipps used traits from his own personality to flesh out the character.
However, all three were eventually revealed to be alive.
The two share one daughter, Chelsea Brady.
July saw Simon Kay enter as Donald and Barbara's son Alan Fisher.
April Scott is a fictional character from the Australian soap opera Home and Away, played by Rhiannon Fish.
He made his first on-screen appearance on 3 April 2008.
He appeared in the series from 13 July 1994 until 12 May 1995.
She's been spoiled rotten, so she's somewhat high maintenance and a little bit of a drama queen.
She stated that 'it was possible, they never saw her dead body anyway...'.
In the second season, Sinclair, the new show-runner, maintained the previous developments but presented a more comedic take on the character.
She debuted in the seventh episode of the fifth season.
Another recurring joke around Mickey was his long list of jobs.
He first appeared on 4 August 1994 and departed six years later on 22 August 2000.
Shawn Brady is a fictional character from the American soap opera Days of Our Lives and the patriarch of the Brady family.
The latter being a self-destructive character, their relationship is short-lived following the revelation that he is a drug dealer.
Burnet has won and been nominated for several awards for this role.
She is also the daughter of popular super couple Jack Deveraux and Jennifer Horton.
In 2008 Metcalfe feared that the character was to be axed but was later reassured by the series producer that she would not be.
This is a list of notable characters who significantly impacted storylines and began their run, or significantly returned, from the years 2000 to 2009.
Lauren has had numerous other storylines with Sheila throughout the years.
Faye Butler, Jeff Cullen and the soap's first Chinese character, Xin Chiang arrived in February.
He appears in the BBC soap opera EastEnders between 1994 and 2004.
Aden's backstory played a substantial role in his early material.
Cooper has received various award nominations for her portrayal.
Melanie Jade "Mel" Morton is a fictional character from the British ITV soap opera, Coronation Street.
Michael Mancini is notable for being the only character who was present for the original show's entire run.
He debuted on-screen during the episode airing on 4 August 2005.
Created by writer Peggy Phillips, the role was originated by actress Floy Dean on June 30, 1966 till October 21, 1966.
He began filming his first scenes in October of that year and he made his first screen appearance during the episode broadcast on 25 February 2010.
Sidney "Sid" Walker is a fictional character from the Australian Seven Network soap opera Home and Away, played by Robert Mammone.
Both Angus Henderson and Mia Silvani arrived in November.
She made her debut in the 15 July 1987 episode.
The character was released from prison to aid his 2016 reintroduction.
In 2013, Karl set The Rovers Return Inn on fire, which led to the deaths of Sunita and local firefighter Toni Griffiths.
It was first broadcast on the Seven Network on 17 January 1988.
But Robbie soon begins to cause trouble.
Beckwith took over the role in 1992.
Dian Carina Felicia Alberts was a character from the Dutch television soap series Goede tijden, slechte tijden.
Her successor, Florence Cassell, also managed to get along with Goodman, often sharing jokes and they dedicate a drink to Camille after their first solved case.
He is a bit of a heartbreaker in the early years, but eventually he has his heart broken in return, when his middle-aged girlfriend jilts him.
During her run, the character gave birth to Paul Williams' son and later tried to kill his ex-wife, Christine Blair.
That, and a wrestling match between butt-naked men.
During New Year’s day, Anna gave birth to her child with support from Max Cunningham and Alex, who realised that he wanted to keep the baby.
On April 30, 2013, Kaye reprised the role of Zach for the continuation of All My Children.
Upon her mother's death, Sasha and her half-brother Felix Bezmel were orphaned and Sasha had to move to Summer Bay.
After this storyline the programme started to appear in newspaper cartoons as it moved more and more into the public mainstream.
Elisabeth von Lahnstein1 is a fictional character from the German soap opera Verbotene Liebe, portrayed by Martina Servatius.
She is the ex-girlfriend of Bart and develops a rivalry with his girlfriend, Sinead O'Connor.
Babe Carey is a fictional character from the American daytime drama All My Children.
Jeffrey King is a fictional character from the soap opera One Life to Live.
Victor was originally and most notably played by actor Ernest Graves.
Claudia Zacchara is a fictional character from the ABC soap opera General Hospital.
He made his first screen appearance during the episode broadcast on 13 November 1991.
As one of the principal characters, Lincoln plays a prominent role in the series and appeared in every episode.
The character is born in the serial, conceived in a controversial storyline about teenage pregnancy.
Malcolm George "Mal" Kennedy is a fictional character from the Australian soap opera Neighbours, played by Benjamin McNair.
Mamie Johnson is a fictional character on the CBS soap opera The Young and the Restless.
Kat is the daughter of Viv Slater and Charlie Slater, and arrived with her sisters Lynne Hobbs and Little Mo Morgan.
Though she often appears carefree and detached, she displays a sensitive side while enduring the consequences of her actions, and while sharing comforting moments with others.
Hayley Anne Cropper is a fictional character from the British ITV soap opera, Coronation Street, played by Julie Hesmondhalgh.
Soaps In Depth called Steffy the soap opera genre's "resident diva", while journalist Michael Logan referred to her as a "maddeningly complicated sexbomb".
Michael Baldwin is a fictional character from the CBS soap opera The Young and the Restless.
His last appearance was on October 9, 2012.
She has been described as vindictive and the girl "you love to hate".
Ross Marler is a fictional character from the CBS daytime soap opera Guiding Light.
Victor and Nikki Newman are fictional characters and a supercouple from the American CBS soap opera The Young and the Restless.
Their 2009 on-screen reunion was a high-profile event on the show which garnered media attention, while lifting the show's ratings by nearly half a million viewers.
She has been involved in storylines including battling a brain tumour, coping with blindness, incest, modelling and addictions to drugs, alcohol and spending.
The character was introduced to cover Max Ramsay's planned storylines, following Francis Bell's departure.
In September 2011, Dunn announced her departure from the show and Mandy made her last appearance on 2 September 2011 before departing off-screen.
She met Remy Boudreau, and was immediately attracted to him; they married in a casino chapel during a drunken night together.
After the storyline's reveal, Jasmine expressed his desire to be known as and changed his name by deed poll to Jason.
He made his last appearance on 15 January 2004.
Both won Soap Opera Digest Awards during their popular 1999 storyline.
He originally appeared from December 2005 till September 2008 when he was axed from the show.
Andy is characterised as a troubled man because of his upbringing and disappearance of his father.
They soon form a new group of teenagers along with Ryan Connor.
Danny moved away from Ramsay Street on 31 July 1986.
Alma Marie Halliwell is a fictional character from the British ITV soap opera, Coronation Street, played by Amanda Barrie.
She was portrayed by Robin Mattson and made her first appearance on February 12, 2007.
Hogestyn was attributed with helping the series out of its ratings slump in the 1980s.
He was portrayed by George Christopher and first appeared between 1991 and 1992.
She debuted on-screen during the episode airing on 8 October 2010.
The storyline was also harshly criticized for progressing too slowly, as it was a six-month period before the revelation that Nikki Newman murdered Diane in self-defense.
Adam's introduction was scripted to cause discontent in Manda and Minty's relationship, with Adam taking an instant dislike to Minty.
Carl Costello is a fictional character from the British Channel 4 soap opera, Hollyoaks, played by Paul Opacic.
Kevin is protective of his two daughters Rosie Webster and Sophie Webster and their mother Sally Webster.
Harman described Sasha as being "sassy" and "angry", as well as having a stubborn streak.
After the breakup, Kerstin finds out that she's pregnant with Jan's child, but decides to keep this to herself.
Devon Hamilton is a fictional character from the original CBS daytime soap opera The Young and the Restless portrayed by Bryton James.
As demonstrated through her clothing and mannerisms, Tate portrays Lauren as a caricature of a Chav.
Hawley made a short return to Coronation Street from 21 October 2011 until 28 October 2011 when he was killed off.
The role was last portrayed by actress Marcy Rylan from February 7, 2006 to September 18, 2009.
Roxy Balsom is a fictional character from ABC's daytime drama One Life to Live.
This trust is soon destroyed as Jack is charged for the murder of a suspect and is seen to show no remorse for his action.
The character of Will was killed off on October 9, 2015, a month before the show's 50th Anniversary, by new Headwriters Dena Higley and Josh Griffith.
She appeared in 6 episodes in 1965.
She said she was excited about joining the cast and seeing what she could do with her character.
She returned briefly in 1997 before returning as a regular on 23 September 1999 until January 2013.
Carly Lucini is a fictional character from the Australian soap opera Home and Away.
Sarah left town with her sister, Melissa.
However, their marriage eventually disintegrates due to Mark's habit of shutting her out and his inability to give Ruth a child.
Laurie Bates is a fictional character from the BBC soap opera, EastEnders, played by Gary Powell.
This way she can let Tanja see the little boy whenever he wants.
Five years later, in 1996, he returned and played the role until November 2004, when he was presumably shot dead.
Her exit storyline in 2007 was the culmination of a storyline that saw the character imprisoned for Charlie Stubbs's murder.
Maxwell "Max" Branning is a fictional character from the BBC soap opera EastEnders, played by Jake Wood.
Phillipps relocated to Melbourne for filming and was initially contracted for 12 months.
The character has previously been portrayed by Kylie Flinker and Sasha Close.
Originally heralded as the chance for Celia to reconnect with her on-screen brother, Alf Stewart, it was later revealed that she was hiding a shameful secret.
All characters were introduced by the show's executive producer, John Yorke.
Shortly after Angie's first appearance on the show, they were paired with one another.
Nick Marone is a fictional character on the CBS soap opera, The Bold and the Beautiful.
The third film is set in the final semester of senior year.
After Dane had left Henderson, she threw herself into her work at the paper.
The character was riding a white horse onto the beach, where he was spotted by Dani Sutherland.
She also has three half-siblings: Ridge, Rick, and Bridget.
Mark Brennan is a fictional character from the Australian soap opera Neighbours, played by Scott McGregor.
In May 2010 the character's departure from the show was announced, and her last appearance was on 30 September 2010.
Meinhart then emigrated to Canada with her husband, Clemens Richter played by Frank-Thomas Mende.
The first actress, Vanessa Dorman, portrayed the role from January 9, 1997 to June 18, 1998, when she hit contract problems and was let go.
Julia's pairing with Keith Hamilton Cobb's Noah Keefer formed one of daytime's first interracial supercouples and was one of the most popular pairings of the 1990s.
Widely read tabloids, such as Soap Opera Digest and Soap Opera Weekly, would routinely publish forthcoming developments in Marlena's storylines.
Irene was originally a recurring character, but on 7 October 1993 McGranger was promoted to the regular cast.
Tilbrook announced her departure from the soap on 17 April 2015 and Betty departed on 25 May 2015.
In 2010, Beth Chamberlin secured a nomination in the same category.
The following is a list of characters that appeared in 2014, by order of first appearance.
Amos Brearly is a fictional character in the ITV soap opera Emmerdale.
The couple married when they were young because they were expecting their daughter, Rani.
In February 2010, Suzanne was axed from the serial by new series producer Paul Marquess.
Betty Applewhite is a fictional character played by actress Alfre Woodard on the ABC television series Desperate Housewives.
Yvonne Doyle, is a fictional character in the Irish soap opera Fair City.
She made her first screen appearance during the episode broadcast on 20 October 1999.
She made her first screen appearance during the episode broadcast on 2 June 2008.
He first appeared onscreen at his stepmother's funeral in August 2010, introduced by producer Paul Marquess as a member of the McQueen family.
Marsh took maternity leave in January 2011, and the character returned on 3 November 2011.
Beach House landlord Ernie Jacobs made his debut in April, while Craig Black began his second role in the serial as student Paul Jensen in May.
Bell and Lee Phillip Bell, she was introduced in 1983 as a teen model, later developing into a lawyer and district attorney.
They bring him to a garden shed behind their home and under duress he repents for his behaviour.
She is the daughter of Mike Corbin and Janine Matthews, and the half sister of mobster, Sonny Corinthos.
In January, Rebekah Elmaloglou began appearing as Sophie Simpson.
He returned with a new wife, Terese, and their children, Josh, Imogen and Piper.
Wendy was the daughter of Stephanie Wilkins and her ex-husband, Dave Wilkins.
Pam was involved in a storyline surrounding the subject of mercy killing in 1992.
Toyah was portrayed as cocky, naive, too trusting and occasionally needing to be "a bit more clued up" about things.
The following month saw the characters Sean Green and Denny Miller introduced.
Justin works as a surgeon for Justine Jones at Shortland Street Hospital.
He is the son of Tanja von Anstetten and Ansgar von Lahnstein.
Edward Jeremy Timothy "Eddie" Yeats is a fictional character from the British ITV soap opera, Coronation Street, played by Geoffrey Hughes.
Cynthia Cidre, who produced and wrote for Dallas created an "in-depth background" for the character.
Kylie's backstory includes growing up in a broken home, living below the poverty threshold, and weak relationships with her estranged mother and sister.
She made her first on-screen appearance on 5 March 2010.
While on-screen she agrees to sell another baby to Sienna Blake and later Carmel McQueen.
The character returned again from 23 July 2015 until 16 November before making a permanent return on 31 March 2016, moving in with his grandparents.
He is depicted as a covetous, egocentric, manipulative and amoral oil baron with psychopathic tendencies, who is constantly plotting subterfuges to plunder his foes' wealth.
They became a popular couple with viewers and the relationship helped boost ratings for Neighbours.
They hide in Chesney's shop but when Jimmy again threatens Carl's family, Carl attacks him.
The character was introduced as a feisty and troublesome teenager, an extension of the already established Slater clan.
Kane Phillips is a fictional character from the Australian Channel Seven soap opera Home and Away, played by Sam Atwell.
Lily Winters is a fictional character from the American CBS soap opera The Young and the Restless.
Tasha subsequently falls pregnant and is held against her will by Mumma Rose following the child's birth.
Blair Cramer is a fictional character from the American daytime drama series One Life to Live.
Jackson also began interacting with other characters and events in the village and his family were introduced.
The first two members of the Timmins family, Stingray and Janelle, arrived in March and November respectively.
The show followed the lives of workers at a glamorous five-star hotel.
Smith also earned two Daytime Emmy Award nominations for Outstanding Younger Actor in a Drama Series in 2013 and 2015, the latter of which he won.
Bell as the son of John Abbott and Jill Abbott, the character is currently portrayed by Jason Thompson.
Melissa George arrived in March playing Angel Brooks, while Imogen Miller was introduced in April.
In 2008, child actor Terrell Ransom, Jr. stepped into the role as the character was diagnosed with autism.
Elizabeth Webber is the granddaughter of original General Hospital character, Steve Hardy, and long-time character Audrey March Hardy.
After qualifying as a lawyer, Toadie matured and became a responsible member of the community.
During her time on the show Ash has been involved in a friendship with Will Savage which developed into a "will they, won't they?"
Debbie remained in the show until late 1994 and returned in 1996 and left again on 22 October 1997.
Kirby Anders is a fictional character on the ABC prime time soap opera Dynasty.
Clint Moffat suffered a broken arm in the collision, while Robbie Moffat and Timothy fled the scene uninjured.
He is introduced to Audrey, who falls for his charm and later hires him to be her companion to another event.
Dee Smart began playing Lucinda Croft in June.
The character was created by the writer, Tony Jordan.
The character departed on 3 June 2011 after four years on the show.
The following is a list of characters that first appeared in 2002 by order of first appearance.
She was played by Ashleigh Middleton from 1994 until 1997 and by Emma Woodward from 8 June 1997 until 25 April 2004.
Julian Jerome is a fictional character from the original ABC Daytime drama General Hospital.
Michie is from Scotland, but because Coronation Street is set in Manchester, he uses a Mancunian accent for the role.
He is portrayed as out of conjunction with usual roles filled by clergymen.
The actress's casting was first announced in September 2013, while a promotional trailer for the character was also released.
As a result of constant SORASing, Phoebe was seventeen by 2006.
The two get legally married and want to take a trip around the world.
Kyle Lewis is a fictional character on the ABC soap opera One Life to Live.
More than 20 years after first appearing, Tarmey eventually cut down filming due to problems with his health and often contemplated leaving the series.
Alex apologised to Anna, but told her that he did not want the baby and he then offered her money to have an abortion.
Critical reception for the show has been mostly positive, and the series has won numerous awards and nominations since its original broadcast.
The following is a list of characters that first appeared in 1993, by order of first appearance.
The character first appeared on-screen during the episode airing on 3 April 2006.
A tireless crime-fighter, Karr was introduced as a cop finishing law school.
After a four-year absence, Marcil reprised her role for a few short months.
It is later revealed that Michael has low latent inhibition, a psychological condition in which one sees the world as pieces, rather than mere objects.
Upon her second return to the show she had relationships with J.T.
She made her on-screen debut on 5 May 2008.
She is a member of the series' Horton family.
The character is described as a no-nonsense businesswoman and mega-mogul who transformed into one of daytime's most memorable and prolific characters.
Sharon Anne Mitchell is a fictional character from the BBC One soap opera EastEnders, played by Letitia Dean.
Spencer Truman is a fictional character from the soap opera One Life to Live.
The Skid Row storyline which Dayzee was an integral part of garnered positive reviews.
In 2012, the character was rapidly aged to a teenager, with actress Lindsay Bushman assuming the role.
Ricky is portrayed as unintelligent, simplistic, easily led and bossed around by dominant personalities.
Mr. Wilberforce Clayborne Humphries is a fictional character from the BBC1 comedy show, Are You Being Served?.
Kathleen "Kat" Moon is a fictional character from the BBC soap opera EastEnders, played by Jessie Wallace.
The following is a list of characters that first appeared in the BBC soap opera EastEnders in 2008, by order of first appearance.
Portrayed by Vicky Entwistle, the character first appeared on-screen during the episode airing on 6 January 1997.
On 4 April 2012, it was announced that Stapleton would be leaving EastEnders for a second time.
All characters were introduced by the shows executive producer Susan Bower.
Simon John Barlow is a fictional character from the British ITV soap opera, Coronation Street, and has been played by Alex Bain since 2008.
As of June 24, 1998, she was replaced by Kam Heskin, who portrayed the role until the end of the show, December 31, 1999.
For the 1984–85 season, Bel Geddes was replaced by movie and television actress Donna Reed, who would only play the part for just that one season.
Faye Lamb is a fictional character from the British ITV soap opera Emmerdale, played by Kim Thomson.
Critical reception for the show has been mostly positive, and the series has won numerous awards and nominations since its original broadcast.
Also in April he introduced Denise Fox's ex-husband, Lucas Johnson, and Opal Smith, the aunt of Gus and Juley Smith.
Collins left the series on July 21, 2015.
Her departure effectively resulted in her reconciliation with her longtime estranged mother Denise.
Tim must face that Julia is in love with her own brother and starts to believe Clarissa's story.
Craig left the soap in October 2016.
Fallon is the daughter of oil baron Blake Carrington and his first wife, Alexis, portrayed by John Forsythe and Joan Collins in the original series.
murder storyline, with Richard making her final appearance on 25 December 2006.
Darren later helped his father, Jack, to fake his own death as part of a scam, which drew comparisons to the John Darwin disappearance case.
It was eventually revealed he was murdered by his mistress' husband.
He made another appearance after his departure in spin-off show Hollyoaks Later in November 2008.
He played Alan-Michael until 1990 when Rick Hearst took over the character, playing him for six years.
Detective Constable Martin Crowe is a fictional character in the British ITV soap opera, Emmerdale, played by Graeme Hawley.
Poppy Meadow was introduced in January 2011 as the best friend of Jodie Gold, and Rob Grayson joined the series in February, as did Shenice Quinn.
Sharma filmed his final scenes before Christmas 2013 and the character's final episode was broadcast on 10 January 2014, being episode 4783.
He is initially involved in a story arc involving Avery Bailey Clark, his former lover who believes he died during the war in Afghanistan.
Leon Small is a fictional character from the BBC soap opera EastEnders and its Internet spin-off EastEnders: E20, played by Sam Attwater.
Olivia Richards is a fictional character from the US NBC soap opera Sunset Beach, played by Lesley-Anne Down.
Caroline, Christina's twin sister, was played by Gayle's real-life twin, Gillian Blakeney.
In 2013, Brenda was diagnosed with a brain tumour, one of the character's biggest storylines.
Marah currently resides in Paris, France, working as a fashion designer.
For other people named Cameron Clark see Cameron Clark.
Cooper has stated that whilst Lucy Allan produced the serial she was not used and Jacqui had "lost her identity".
Chloe left in 1999, making a short return stint in 2005 when she died from the resulting injuries of a car crash.
As one of the longest-running characters on the show, the role was played by various child actors from 1982 to 1986.
Cilla left Weatherfield for Las Vegas in 2007, leaving her young son Chesney behind.
Joseph "Joe" Sugden is a fictional character from the British ITV soap opera, Emmerdale, played by ex-Doctor Who Companion Frazer Hines.
In this case, Nicholas and his best friend Charlie, were heroin addicts.
He is the older half-brother of already established character Cheryl Brady.
Lee DuMonde is a fictional character from Days of Our Lives portrayed by Brenda Benet from 1979 to 1982.
The character was well received by critics.
No one had ever given him the attention he needed to better his life.
Critical reception for the show has been mostly positive, and the series has won numerous awards and nominations since its original broadcast.
Steve Johnson is a fictional character on NBC's daytime drama, Days of Our Lives.
Currently, he is the longest-tenured actor present on The Young and the Restless.
Mike Delfino is a fictional character on the ABC television series Desperate Housewives.
In 2001, Karl Davies took over the role in order for the character to become involved in more adult storylines, as he grew older.
In July 2010, it was announced that Clark had decided to leave Neighbours.
Metcalfe later stated her intention to stay with the series.
Drew was portrayed as nice, naive and loyal.
In 2005, Ritters reprised her role for a brief cameo in the show's 20th anniversary episode.
Hartman remained in the series until the final episode of the seventh season.
The actress was cast in the role after attending an audition in late 2012.
After Belén's storyline ended, she was replaced by three different characters in Chiquititas's following seasons.
Sonny and Carly were together, on and off, from December 1998 to April 2007.
She later returned for the show's final week on ABC on September 16, 2011.
Bo Brady is a fictional character on the NBC soap opera, Days of Our Lives, the youngest of the series' Brady family.
He also revealed that Kylie would have "major storylines" during her first six months in the serial.
Her younger sister Emily was killed during the Brookside Siege of 2002 and her mother then moved to Brussels.
In early 1977, Genie Francis took over the role of the rebellious teenage Laura.
In the first series, Carl was jointly played by Tittensor's twin brother Luke Tittensor, but since the second series he has played the role alone.
During his time on the show, Matthew had relationships with several women and was engaged to Anna De Souza when he died.
Jem Costello is a fictional character from the British Channel 4 soap opera, Hollyoaks, played by Helen Russell-Clark.
He also wanted more time to pursue his music career.
The character was described as being strong, independent and a bit of a rebel by a writer for the show's official website.
He made his first screen appearance on 27 March 2009.
The role is portrayed by Christian LeBlanc, originally from November 26, 1991 to July 7, 1993, and again since April 25, 1997.
The storyline captivated public interest with various newspapers starting nationwide campaigns for the character's release.
Violet Wilson is a fictional character from the British ITV soap opera, Coronation Street.
But even through Meike's intentions are pure, it doesn't take long until she's caught up in Ansgar and Tanja's games with each other.
In 2010 he was paired with Steph Cunningham, who was later killed-off after Stenson quit her role.
His storyline continued to be centric to Brax's story.
The tedious routine weighs heavily on Granville, who hates getting up well before dawn in the morning and not being free until nine at night.
Gemma "Gem" Reeves is a fictional character from the Australian soap opera Neighbours, played by Kathryn Beck.
The following is a list of characters that first appeared in 2000, by order of appearance.
Paul Martin is a fictional character on ABC Daytime's All My Children.
Dr. Kimberly Shaw, M.D., is a character from the hit television series Melrose Place.
In April 2010, it was announced that Tarmey would leave the series later that year.
In what has been described as a "shock storyline" Ruby discovered her sister Charlie Buckton was in fact her mother.
She debuted on-screen during the episode airing on 9 June 2009 and was introduced by series producer Lucy Allan as the ex-girlfriend of Lydia Hart.
In January 2014, it was announced that Davidson would be returning to Days for three-month story arc after having departed with the show in November 2013.
Derek Bernard Wilton is a fictional character from the British ITV soap opera, Coronation Street, portrayed by Peter Baldwin between 1976 and 1997.
The following year the couple divorced, but reunited and were remarried in 2012.
He made his first appearance in EastEnders on 5 January and appears in all twelve episodes of the first series of EastEnders: E20.
Conversely, Naomi has also been a recipient of criticism, particularly during the second season.
Daphne DiMera is a fictional character on the NBC soap opera Days of Our Lives.
She made her final appearance on 14 May 2010, when she leaves Weatherfield after a failed relationship with Lloyd Mullaney.
Coronation Street is a British soap opera first broadcast on 9 December 1960.
In April 2012, it was announced that Brown was let go from Days of our Lives, and Madison last appeared on August 15, 2012.
Benjamin was written out of the serial in 2002 by executive producer Louise Berridge and Lisa departed in October 2002.
She is played by Kelsey-Beth Crossley and made her first appearance on 2 March 2007.
Other storylines include coping with his wayward son Terry and his hobby for pigeon keeping.
She is regularly parodied by Mario Rosenstock in Gift Grub on Today FM.
The twins were forced to join the cult by their father Ethan, which made Oscar uncomfortable and left him struggling to "maintain his individuality".
TJ Ashford is a fictional character from the long running ABC daytime soap opera, General Hospital.
Jessica "Jay" Copeland is a fictional character on the New Zealand soap opera Shortland Street who was portrayed by Jaime Passier-Armstrong from mid-2004 to mid-2007.
On 20 December 2016, Aaron was briefly played by Bryan Parry in a special episode focusing on Ashley Thomas' dementia.
Pam and her husband, Doug had a solid marriage until they began to neglect each other due to work.
They were all introduced by the show's executive producer, Diederick Santer.
Kerstin is introduced as a friend of Susanne Brandner.
He made his on-screen debut in the soap's first episode, which was broadcast on 18 March 1985.
The BBC was inundated with complaints from angry viewers from Ireland for negative stereotyping, portraying Irish people as "dirty, rude, and drunk".
Julie was a love interest for the popular character Nigel Bates.
After "a whirlwind affair", the couple leave the soap together for a new life in Scotland.
As the series progresses, she also becomes close friends with Brooke Davis and becomes romantically involved with Clay Evans, whom she marries in the series finale.
Moira was the matriarch of the Crombie family unit, a working-class family consisting of husband Earl, sons - Jordan, Blake and Maddy and daughter - Shelley.
Wendy Stapleton joined the cast as Nina Tucker's mother, Trixie, and Natalie Blair debuted as Carmella Cammeniti.
Amalm auditioned for the role in the place of his friend, who could not attend.
Dayzee was initially a poor young woman, working and living on the streets of Skid Row, Los Angeles.
Carl was briefly taken into custody, and gave a statement that the marijuana was grown for the household's own personal use.
Aiden's mother Naomi Scotcher appears from episodes four to seven, and director of education Richard Whitman from episodes five to ten.
Quinn Armitage and Robert Barr are fictional characters from the American soap opera Santa Barbara.
The character arrived in 2003 and departed on 3 June 2009.
Michaelson gave Tim a stern warning to move the limo.
Within the storyline, Drucilla fell off a cliff and was presumed dead as her body was never found.
The 1st season of Neighbours began airing on 18 March 1985.
He is married to Joyce Barnaby, played by Jane Wymark and has a daughter called Cully, played by Laura Howard.
Valentine took leave from Neighbours in 2010 due to ill health and returned to the set in January 2011.
Two episodes of the serial centric to Sarah's storyline were also nominated for an Australian Film Institute award.
After an attempt on Paul Robinson's life, Mark is introduced as the lead detective in the case.
In June 2011, it was announced that Cooper had reprised her role as Gypsy.
Four days later he was found dead on a park bench.
Danielle "Danni" Stark is a fictional character from the Australian soap opera Neighbours, played by Eliza Szonert.
Jim Robinson lived next door with his children; Paul, Julie, Scott and Lucy.
Throughout the course of the series, Nancy remained a matriarch figure in the lives of those she cared for.
He first appeared on 26 November 1985 and became the fiance of Elsa Feldmann, father to their daughter Alice, and the best friend of Archie Brooks.
He first appeared on-screen during the episode airing on 30 October 2000 and departed on 12 September 2002.
He made his first on-screen appearance on 11 September 2009.
The first three films focus on the six main characters.
This was nominated for "Best Storyline" at the British Soap Awards as well as winning "Best Single Episode" in 2002.
Hope is one half of the supercouple Bope.
Later introductions include "bad boy" character Walker and deaf teenager Dylan Shaw; while Maddie Morrison's father Ed and mother Elizabeth arrived.
That August, a change in storyline revealed Chloe was Kate, having legally changed her name while offscreen, when the character was away in boarding school.
That June, Joshua Morrow began portraying Nick, and has remained in the role to present time.
Jack's hung body was found by a passing milkman the morning after the night he was lynched.
On 15 April 2011, Greg and Tanya wed, just before hearing that Tanya's ex-husband Max and their daughter Abi have been in a car crash.
Father Antonio Torres is a fictional character from the US soap opera Sunset Beach, played by Nick Kiriazis.
She was portrayed by Caitlin Van Zandt from April 25, 2006 to the show's ending in September 2009.
Galvin has also been praised for his portrayal of Chris.
The Cudahys moved away after Livia received a spot on the judicial bench in a neighboring town.
He then made a guest appearance on E4's first-look episode on 5 February 2016.
The character was portrayed by actress Susan Lucci from her debut on January 16, 1970, until the last broadcast television episode on September 23, 2011.
Eve, part of Passions' Russell family, is introduced as the perfect wife of T. C. Russell and mother of Whitney and Simone.
Rae Cummings is a fictional character on the ABC daytime soap opera One Life to Live.
once Owen caught her trying to drown Louise in the bathtub.
Lewis Archer is a fictional character from the British ITV soap opera, Coronation Street, played by Nigel Havers.
Colby Chandler is a fictional character from the original ABC Daytime soap opera, All My Children.
The following month saw the introduction of Donna Windsor and Marlon Dingle's daughter, April.
Steve Frame is a fictional character from the NBC daytime soap opera Another World.
Originally, critics of the soap opera genre panned the choice of having a rape victim fall in love with her rapist, an example of forced seduction.
Kat is described as "a bit of a floozy", "a bitch" and "very lazy".
Daytime Confidential specifically referred to Maya as the black version of the iconic All My Children character, Erica Kane.
Sunny stayed in Henderson, even through the flood of 1986 and remained until the show's end.
September saw three introductions; Izzy Hoyland, Detective Alec Skinner and Rocco Cammeniti.
Paine decided not to renew his contract and he departed Neighbours on 27 February 1987.
The duo has been compared to William Shakespeare's Romeo and Juliet.
The show followed the lives of workers at a glamorous five-star hotel.
Poppy Meadow is a fictional character from the BBC soap opera EastEnders, played by Rachel Bright.
The character was previously mentioned on-screen due to her daughter, Zsa Zsa appearing on the show in 2010.
Sam was one of the original nine characters of the series.
He was portrayed by American actor Frank Runyeon from May 26, 1988 to October 14, 1991.
Booth left the role in 1997, but the character was recast in 1999 with current portrayer Ashley Taylor Dawson.
Neville departed in July 2010 with his wife Suzanne and their son Josh, after the three characters were axed by new executive producer Paul Marquess.
Dani was introduced to Home and Away along with her family, who came to Summer Bay to take over the running of the local caravan park.
She said it was her dream job and relocated to Sydney immediately to accommodate filming.
Tony was named "Bad Boy" of 2009 at the All About Soap Bubble awards, and "Villain of the Year" at The British Soap Awards 2009.
Its aim was to raise awareness of domestic abuse in a homosexual relationship.
Stefano DiMera was a fictional character featured in the American soap opera Days of Our Lives.
Sam Fowler and Amanda Cory are fictional characters from the American soap opera Another World.
This resulted in the break-up of his father and stepmother's relationship.
Leanne turns into a "real bunny boiler" and develops a rivalry with Amy, doing "terrible things" to her.
Blanche was the mother of Deirdre Barlow, grandmother of Tracy Barlow and great-grandmother of Amy.
Lola is Britannia High's star dance pupil and is a feminine, silly and naïve character.
They were all introduced by the show's then executive producer John Holmes.
He had a nephew, André DiMera, who through plastic surgery became identical to Antony.
She debuted on-screen during the episodes airing in 1997.
In the 1991 NBC revival version of Dark Shadows, British actor Ben Cross played the role of Barnabas Collins.
Echo DiSavoy is a fictional character on the ABC daytime soap opera One Life to Live.
Lane won Best Newcomer at the 2011 National Television Awards for her portrayal.
With his cover blown, André's treachery continues and Stefano disowns him and the character commits suicide by unplugging his own life support in October 2007.
Butler returned for one day on November 19, 2015.
Terry departed on 5 November 1985, and she was arrested for the murder of Charles off-screen.
Silas kidnaps his grandson's pregnant fiancé, Mercedes McQueen, who confesses that she had an affair with Riley's father Carl, and holds her captive.
He also stated that the part made him enjoy acting again, after being away from the industry for several years.
West deferred her law degree studies to take the part.
Valerie was played by Daphnée Duplaix from 2004 –2008, and temporarily by Siena Goines in 2007.
Tom was described as a sporty, good-looking guy, with an eye for the ladies.
Joe Scully's brother Tom made his first appearance in May.
Sol is described as loyal, shy, thoughtful and reserved.
Van Ark played Valene in Knots Landing for thirteen of its fourteen seasons, which made her one of the show's longest running stars.
Being determined and outspoken, she has never been afraid to defend herself or her beliefs.
Despite identifying as homosexual, Steven has relationships with both men and women throughout the series.
Charles "Charlie" Slater is a fictional character from the British soap opera EastEnders, played by actor Derek Martin, making his first appearance on 4 September 2000.
Belinda Peacock, Charlie's daughter, and Viv Slater, Charlie's deceased wife, appear for guest stints in October.
Introduced in 1992 as a lonely divorcée, she becomes besotted with married Arthur Fowler while he tends her garden.
Her final stories see her reluctantly reconcile with her father, Stuart and fall out of favour with Donald Fisher and her peers.
Valance said Paige was not a mean character and often hid her softer side behind a "hard exterior".
Nellie is introduced as the interfering relative of Pauline Fowler in 1993 and appears regularly until 1998.
Jack was introduced as a new foster child for the characters of Michael and Pippa Ross.
She was written out in 2006 after new executive producer Bryan Kirkwood took over and axed a number of characters.
Tyler wins the fight, though suffers a fit and undergoes life saving operations.
James Hope is a fictional character from the British ITV soap opera Emmerdale.
The actress was cast in February 2014 after a lengthy audition process, which included four call-backs.
Jai Sharma is a fictional character from the British ITV soap opera, Emmerdale, played by Chris Bisson.
During series four of the post-watershed spin-off Hollyoaks Later, Rae was murdered by a serial killer, Silas Blissett.
Elizabeth Lakely is a fictional character from the British ITV soap opera Emmerdale, played by Kitty McGeever.
He is on probation for assault, and he loses his temper with various characters.
Maya is perhaps best known for her disastrous relationship with Dev Alahan and her dangerous feud with Dev's wife Sunita Parekh.
David evolves, but always remains a force antagonizing heroes and heroines of the series.
He portrayed most notably and for the longest tenure by Charles Frank, most recently portrayed by John James.
Margaret Ann "Maggie" Doyle is a fictional character portrayed by Lisa McCune in the long-running Australian police show Blue Heelers.
Lindsay James is a fictional character in the BBC television drama series Waterloo Road.
The actor secured two auditions for the role and after the second audition he was offered the part.
January also saw the introduction of Len Fairclough, a character who would become one of the series' central figures and the show's most prominent alpha male.
Gregory was upgraded to contract status in December 2009, and he remained on the show through the end of its run, last airing January 10, 2012.
He departed from EastEnders on 30 July 2010 at the conclusion of his storyline.
Patel and Fernandes said that they want their characters to have a happy ending.
He was portrayed by Jake Silbermann and made his first appearance on June 1, 2007.
Denny initially struggled with her grief, and filming the scenes challenged Smith as an actress.
The character was portrayed by Romina Yan from 1995 to 1998 on television and on stage, as well as in the Chiquititas feature film.
At the 17th GLAAD Media Awards, the show won Outstanding Daily Drama for its portrayal of Simone's sexual orientation.
Her narration technique is akin in style to Edgar Lee Masters' Spoon River Anthology.
Kelly Louise Crabtree is a fictional character from the British ITV soap opera, Coronation Street.
In 2006, newspaper Chicago Sun-Times took interest in the appeal of Zach and how his romance with Kendall incites jealousy from female viewers abroad.
He made his first screen appearance during the episode broadcast on 18 February 1998.
Storylines since her return saw her move back to Walford and reconcile with former husband Billy and get engaged to him again.
He made his first on screen appearance on 25 November 2003.
In the 2016 sequel, also titled Porridge, it is revealed that Fletcher died circa 2011.
Actress Verity Rushworth took over the role in 1998.
Under Riegel's portrayal, her popularity has been cited as groundbreaking.
Julia Mendes is a fictional character from the German soap opera Verbotene Liebe, played by Valerie Niehaus.
They were all introduced by the show's executive producer John Holmes.
All characters were introduced by then series producer H. V. Kershaw.
Lola Pearce is a fictional character from the BBC soap opera EastEnders, played by Danielle Harold.
Episode ten sees the first appearance of Sue's sister Vix Spark, who continues in a supporting role for the rest of the series.
Even after the end of their marriage, Dex remained a strong force in Alexis's life.
Stella Chernak is a fictional character on the television drama Peyton Place.
The U.S. counterpart is played by Laura Slade Wiggins, but only appears in the first three seasons and never marries into the "Milkovich" family.
The role has been portrayed by Australian musician and actor Rick Springfield.
She is also famed for having her own facelift performed onscreen in 1984, as Katherine gets the same procedure within the story.
Jason was originally portrayed by Steve Burton, and currently by Billy Miller.
The following is a list of characters that first appeared in 1998, by order of appearance.
Isabelle "Izzy" Davies is a fictional character from the British Channel 4 soap opera, Hollyoaks, played by Elize du Toit.
Della is the first lesbian character to be featured on the show.
Kay has been played by Taylor Anne Mountz, Deanna Wright, and Heidi Mueller since being introduced to the show in 1999.
Throughout a good deal of the third season, Sydney is more often presented as a victim, being subjected to much mistreatment and stress.
In 2013, a storyline regarding Summer's paternity was visited, centered on speculation that she is actually the daughter of Jack Abbott, Phyllis' ex-husband.
In November 2012, Gulati announced that she had quit the soap once more, this time permanently.
Delany left the series soon thereafter, when the character relocated to Paris indefinitely with Robin.
Shawn Butler is a fictional character from the original ABC, soap opera, General Hospital.
Rachel Hughes is a fictional character from the British ITV soap opera, Emmerdale, portrayed by Glenda McKay.
Mark was murdered by his wife, Natasha Wylde, on-screen on 14 January 2010.
Willis returned to the role of Courtney for a guest stint in May 2015, as part of a fan-favorite vote.
Bobby had been killed off in the final episode of the 1984–1985 season, and Patrick Duffy left the show for a year.
Tiffany later dated and married Johnny Marinovich after a period when she suspected he was a child molestor.
In October 1995, unable to pay her debts, she fled Weatherfield.
Various critics have called Lance a camp character and Tony Stewart from the Daily Mirror thought that Lance made Graham Norton appear butch.
"In those days [21] would be considered quite old to still be a maid," actress Lucy Griffiths explained in the Radio Times preview."
The character was killed off on the October 23, 2008 episode of the show, after suffering injuries during a series of tornadoes.
Since 1993, the role of Sami Brady has been portrayed by actress Alison Sweeney.
The 27th season of Neighbours began airing on 11 January 2011.
Sindi Watts is a fictional character from the Australian soap opera Neighbours, played by Marisa Warrington.
Kirsty Branning's ex-boyfriend Carl White joined the show in June.
The character was portrayed by Kathryn Hays continuously from 1972.
Television critics and LGBT websites have given the character and his storyline development a positive reception.
Benjamin "Ben" Davies is a fictional character from the British Channel 4 soap opera, Hollyoaks, played by Marcus Patric.
He starts working together with Clarissa, who's encouraging him to take Tanja out for good.
In June 2011, it was announced that Greg will leave EastEnders at the end of his current storyline.
Sarah-Louise Platt is a fictional character from the British ITV soap opera, Coronation Street.
In early flashback sequences Sheridan at age 12 was portrayed by Sara Paxton.
The character has been noted for being at the centre of a HIV plot.
The first series, set in 1957, premiered in the UK on 15 January 2012.
Luke is portrayed by Anthony Geary, and Laura is portrayed by Genie Francis.
Austin's birth name is unknown, when his father, Curtis, took the children, he changed their names to prevent Kate Roberts from finding them.
He made his first on-screen appearance on 16 June 2009.
She first appeared in 2004, before leaving in 2007.
Anna was immediately shocked to discover that her father had been having an affair and it had become front page news because he was a vicar.
Hannah first appeared on-screen from 3 October 2005 until her exit on 12 February 2010.
Both Proud and his character live with spina bifida.
The character remains mentioned and referred to as a menacing and monumental character who brought the show back its excitement.
In 2014, Nathan clashes with Maxie's boyfriend Levi Dunkleman as he isolates Maxie from her family.
Frazer Yeats is a fictional character from the Australian soap opera Neighbours, played by Ben Lawson.
He made his first on screen appearance on 20 August 2010.
James Fraser is a fictional character from the Australian Channel Seven soap opera Home and Away.
The role was originated in 1980 by Marguerite Ray, who was replaced in 1990 by Veronica Redd.
Charles reprised the role in 2012 and Sarah made a six-week return from 4 February 2013.
Scott Clark is a fictional character from the American soap opera Santa Barbara.
Elizabeth Theresa "Bet" Lynch is a fictional character from the British ITV soap opera, Coronation Street.
Delilah "Del" Dingle is a fictional character from the British ITV soap opera, Emmerdale, played by Hayley Tamaddon.
We didn't want the other characters and the audience to know that there was a scheming person under this nice facade.
Myra returned to the serial on 12 September 2014.
Doug Williams is a fictional character on the American soap opera Days of Our Lives.
Ronan Malloy is a fictional character from the American CBS soap opera The Young and the Restless.
September saw the introduction of Grace Piper.
Louise is the estranged mother of the characters Tiffany and Simon Raymond.
As a young girl, she was devoted to her father, which explained why she was so against her widowed mother's remarriage to psychiatrist Wade Collins.
Cassie Brady is a fictional character from the NBC daytime soap opera Days of Our Lives.
David Bishop is a fictional character from the Australian soap opera Neighbours, played by Kevin Harrington.
By the time she became a street resident and a more regular character, her husband was named "Bert" and they had an adult son, Brian.
Hilary's actions ignite a feud with Neil's daughter and Cane's wife, Lily.
He made his first screen appearance during the episode broadcast on 12 October 1992.
She made her first on screen appearance on 26 May 1995.
Pauline's marriage to the downtrodden Arthur was central to the character for the first eleven years of the programme, culminating with his screen death in 1996.
Lady Marian portrayed by Lucy Griffiths, is a character in the BBC television serial Robin Hood.
She was later revealed to be the estranged sister of Phyllis Summers.
Terry then moved in with Pat Hancock, a former hospital porter originally from London, and his girlfriend, nurse Sandra Maghie.
Tad represents the good on the show, often butting heads with "villains" like Adam Chandler.
Sonya is portrayed as being good-hearted, funny and loving.
The character has been at the centre of a lesbian relationship with fellow character Emily Taylor.
Jarvis Skelton is a fictional character from the British ITV soap opera, Emmerdale, who appeared on the show between 2002 and 2005.
All characters were introduced by executive producer Diederick Santer.
Priya died as a result of injuries sustained in an explosion, but she reappeared to Rani as a ghost.
She is a farmer's wife and very protective of her family, who she always puts first.
Yusef is the father of Afia Khan and former husband of Zainab Masood.
Armitage returned once again in 2006 and appeared frequently until late April 2010 when the character suddenly appeared only a recurring basis.
When Ron and Bev became engaged, Josh asked Ron if he would adopt him.
However, executive producer Diederick Santer praised Conlin for her portrayal of Dotty, whilst both Brown and Altman opined that the storyline was one of their highlights.
April Branning is a fictional character from the BBC soap opera EastEnders, played by Debbie Arnold.
He does have a softer side but is not the most attentive husband in the world."
It was later announced that Cooper had quit Hollyoaks and Jacqui departed Hollyoaks on 26 April 2013.
Brooke Allison English is a fictional character on the television soap opera All My Children.
The relationship between alcohol abuse and domestic violence was explored through Kathy and Phil in 1997, which led to their separation.
Shirley became the programme's first regular black character.
She is characterised as a bossy and meddling woman who lacks romance and seeks comfort interfering with her Neighbours' personal lives.
Her storylines include a relationship with established character Sonia Fowler, a friendship with Garry Hobbs and Minty Peterson and being threatened by Dr. May Wright.
Kylie remained off-screen for episodic blocks in her first six months.
Harper quit the role in 1998 but reprised the character briefly 4 years later.
With many scenes in subsequent episodes set in the Nag's Head, Mike became a regular character.
Patrick's other love interest, Dr. Britt Westbourne, takes pleasure in torturing Sabrina about the fact that Patrick will never notice her.
O'Connor was given the part and began filming his scenes three days later.
Melody Jones is a fictional character from the Australian Channel Seven soap opera Home and Away, played by Celeste Dodwell.
Her family was extended when her disabled son, Adam Best, who suffers from spina bifida, was introduced.
Originated by actress Josie Davis, the role has been most-recognized by actress Jennifer Gareis.
This garnered criticism from the audience and Marquess received letters stigmatising Lance as a "betrayal of all gay men".
When he struggled with her behaviour, Michael disowned Natasha and forced her to take responsibility for her own actions.
Lana was a student, who had been closeted due to homophobic bullying at her high school.
Antonio Lopez-Fitzgerald is a fictional character on the NBC/DirecTV soap opera Passions.
Paine was spotted by the Reg Grundy Organisation and offered the role of Clive.
Chris initially struggled with his sexuality and the reactions of his friends, family and team mates.
Myra McQueen's nieces Celine and Porsche McQueen arrived in November.
He returned on 25 January 2013 and departed again on 15 February 2013.
David Matthews was a fictional character in UK soap opera Family Affairs, played by Richard Hawley.
She is also described as sensible and "strait-laced".
Years later, Paul established a relationship with his daughter Heather, who returned to Genoa City as a lawyer.
Mel was introduced by executive producer Matthew Robinson and became a prominent character during her tenure in the soap.
In May 2013, it was confirmed that Cherian had left Neighbours and Rani made her screen exit on 2 October 2013.
However, he does not know that Maxine only had sex with him to get her mind off Ian, whom she is beginning to have feelings for.
Newt left the village on 25 June 2010.
The character became a show heroine, and her 1993 gang rape led by Todd Manning is considered one of soap opera's "most remembered and impactful" storylines.
He died on 14 October 2010, at the age of 58.
Adam Cameron is a fictional character from the Australian Channel Seven soap opera Home and Away, played by Mat Stevenson.
Renee was killed off in a car accident.
He was introduced as the grandson of established character, Dot Branning, played by June Brown and the son of original character, Nick Cotton.
He made his first screen appearance during the episode on 7 September 2007.
The film's comedic aspect is from the use of extreme social and cultural viewpoints and vulgar language and behavior.
Egan and Miller previously acted together on the ABC soap opera All My Children.
Davidson claimed this was due to an altercation between himself and Executive Producer and show creator, Julia Smith.
Her friendship with Nick Harrison spanned numerous years, saw the two become an iconic coupling and even become briefly married during a protest about student allowances.
David Vickers is a fictional character from the American soap opera One Life to Live portrayed by Tuc Watkins.
Darryl Perkins was introduced in September as the father of Craig Tinker.
The first birth of the year was in March when Megan Macey and Jai Sharma's daughter, Eliza Sharma, was born.
The following is a list of characters that first appeared in the BBC soap opera EastEnders in 1989, by order of first appearance.
By 2001, producers had introduced a family unit for Victor, with the Hudsons, headed by Victor's sister - Te Hana arriving.
The character made a return on 27 June 2014 as part of Cindy Cunningham's bipolar storyline.
Vincent Jones is a fictional character from the ABC Daytime soap opera One Life to Live.
The character returned for a four-month guest stint on 15 December 2011 and left again from April 2012 to November 2012.
In the same series, she is shown attending anger management classes.
However, the character's demise was deemed permanent.
His exit scenes aired on 21 April 2016.
On December 31, 2001, and January 2, 2002, Alyse Gregory portrayed Theresa in flashbacks.
Her first appearance was on 2 December 1993 and she departed on 2 February 2007.
The supercouple pairing of Nick and Sharon attracted a large fan following.
Alexi "Alex" Poulos is a fictional character from the Australian soap opera Home and Away, portrayed by Danny Raco.
Kristen returned once again for another stint that ran from April 14, 2015, to April 30, 2015.
In December 2009, it was announced that Stewart's real-life pregnancy would be written into the show and that Hayley would become pregnant.
Riccardo "Rick" Alessi is a fictional character from the Australian soap opera Neighbours, played by Dan Falzon.
Diane Hutchinson is a fictional character from the British Channel 4 soap opera Hollyoaks, played by Alex Fletcher.
He was the first member of the Atkinson family to appear on the series, followed by his parents and identical twin brother.
Her storylines have consistently followed themes such as romance, unrequited love and rejection.
He filmed his final scenes at the end of April and departed on screen on 22 June 2011.
Bell, he was born onscreen in 1988 as the second child of supercouple characters Victor and Nikki Newman.
He was portrayed by Quinn Redeker from July 1987 to the character's death onscreen in December 1994.
Alexandra Chando returned to the show as Maddie on September 23, 2009.
Lee ends their relationship, beginning a romance with Amy Barnes which causes Leanne to become obsessed with him.
While another columnist said he was the show's hero who solved all medical emergencies in Summer Bay.
The character is the daughter of Dina Mergeron and Brent Davis, although she believed John Abbott was her biological father until she reached adulthood.
Ric Pellizzeri took over the role of executive producer from Stanley Walsh, who left the show in November 2002.
The characters of the serial often represented what was happening in society at the time.
In 2007, the character was reintroduced by former head writer Lynn Marie Latham as an adult, portrayed by Vail Bloom.
She has been nominated and won multiple awards including a nomination in the New Zealand Television Awards for "Best Actress".
The couple proved popular and remained with the series for over twenty years.
Created by writer Margaret DePriest, the role was originated by actress Peggy McCay on February 7, 1983.
Katie Logan is a fictional character from the CBS Daytime soap opera The Bold and the Beautiful.
McKee has been nominated for several awards for her portrayal of the character.
The character has been played by actress Verena Zimmermann and made her first appearance on October 1, 2002.
The storyline was continually re-hashed by the show in the years after.
Lahnstein returned to the role in 2001, where she was seen from 24 April to 5 October.
Over the years, she has tried to impress her bosses Bet Lynch, Alf Roberts, Mike Baldwin, Paul Connor and Carla Connor and gain promotions.
She is the child of Bo Brady and Billie Reed.
Farrah Phelan is a fictional character from the Irish television soap opera, Fair City.
Marlon Sebastian Dingle is a fictional character from the British ITV soap opera, Emmerdale, played by Mark Charnock.
Zara was introduced as the new general practitioner at The Mill.
The character returned again in 2006 and 2008.
Marjorie "Marge" Green is a fictional character from the BBC soap opera EastEnders, played by Pat Coombs.
Sarah's main romance storyline is with Tug O'Neale.
It was also revealed that Davis had once turned up for filming drunk.
Cilla was introduced as a love interest for established character Les Battersby.
Although their relationship has been strained at times, Mouth and Millie currently live together in Tree Hill and host a morning show.
She debuted on-screen during the episode airing on 28 June 1995.
She first appeared in 2003 with on-screen family, the Burtons, including twin sister Mel, who was played by Powney's real life twin Cassie Powney.
After breaking up with Theresa, Fox resumes his pursuit of Whitney, who breaks up with Chad when it is falsely revealed that the two are half-siblings.
As the matriarch of the Ewing family, she is portrayed as a strong and loving mother.
It was announced on 19 July 2008 that Davro quit the show to do other projects.
However, he reprised his role in December 1987 to facilitate the departure of Jean Alexander as Hilda Ogden.
His casting on the show began in late 1993 as a guest role and ended in early 1999 as a fan favourite regular.
Bissix again left EastEnders at the end of her contract in the summer of 2008.
He has been portrayed off-and-on by actor Ingo Rademacher since 1996.
She did not return for the funeral of her sister Steph Dean in 2010.
Charlie Thorpe debuted in October, along with the five-strong Scully family consisting of parents Joe and Lyn, and their daughters Stephanie, Felicity and Michelle.
Then, the Fox family appeared, with the characters of Denise Fox, Chelsea Fox and Libby Fox as members.
King has also received critical acclaim for her portrayal, which has garnered nominations for a Young Artist Award and 2 Daytime Emmy Awards.
The following is a list of characters introduced by Collinson in the show's fifty-first year, by order of first appearance.
He made his first appearance during the episode broadcast on 3 February 2005.
Oliver 'Olly' Taylor is a fictional character in UK soap opera Family Affairs, played by Alex Hardy from September 2004 to May 2005
The character departed on 15 September 1994, after being written out.
Davidson joined the cast of Days of Our Lives in 1993, and departed in 1998 after a five-year stint.
The actress received an audition for Home And Away in February 1999, but decided not to attend it as she did think she would be successful.
She was portrayed by Melissa Claire Egan.
A heartbroken and enraged Carl meets Ian in The Jockey toilets before savagely beating him.
The role was initially viewed as being pointless and short-term.
Reece-Wilmore was cast in the role in 1992.
Mike was first portrayed by Shawn Christian from February 1994 to March 1997.
Alex was upset that he was infertile and told Anna, and Anna confided it to Geri Hudson who ended up spreading it around Hollyoaks.
Dayzee was introduced to give everyone a new take on the world and a "new set of glasses".
The actor previously auditioned for guest roles on the show, but the producers decided to develop a long-term character specifically for him instead.
It was first broadcast on March 26, 1973, and airs on CBS.
On 6 August 2015, Ross was thought to have been killed accidentally by his brother Pete.
Terence "Terry" Woods is a fictional character from the British ITV soap opera, Emmerdale, played by Billy Hartman.
Alma was featured as a recurring character from 1981 to 1982; however, she was reintroduced as a regular in 1988.
Steffy Forrester is a fictional character from the American CBS soap opera The Bold and the Beautiful.
She made her first screen appearance during the episode broadcast on 20 May 2002.
The character then became much more jaded and bitter, often using his intelligence and assets to exact revenge on those he perceived to have hurt him.
Kim Schuster is a fictional character on the television drama Peyton Place.
Chrissie Watts was created by the production team to be more the "equal" of her notorious and villainous husband than his long-suffering first wife, Angie.
Marcus Forrester is a fictional character from the American CBS soap opera, The Bold and the Beautiful, portrayed by Texas Battle.
The name Alexis uses the most consistently over the course of the series is Alexis Colby, though her marriage to Cecil Colby is her shortest.
Selina later decides to clean up her act and she begins dating Jack Wilson, who she believes is her soul mate.
Katya falls in love with Max but he remains loyal to his wife.
She was also briefly involved with Oliver Jones and Thomas Forrester.
They were joined by Jim's mother in law, Helen Daniels.
Head of rival school Havelock High Gerald Findlay also appears in the first five episodes.
In 2005, Paul made a cameo in Annalise Hartman's documentary about Ramsay Street.
It was announced on 26 November 2009 that the character would leave the soap in early 2010.
Sasha soon confessed to killing Stu in self-defence when her father became the prime suspect.
Haley and Nathan have two children together, James "Jamie" Lucas Scott and Lydia Bob Scott.
She made her first screen appearance during the episode that was broadcast on 20 October 1999.
The character was portrayed by actress Agustina Cherri from 1995 to 1997 on television and on stage.
Again, in the early 2000s, writer Hogan Sheffer turned Barbara back into a scheming villain.
Despite his aggressive, exaggerated personality, he is mentally weak and often runs away at the first sign of trouble.
After six years in the role, Hendrickson chose to leave The Young and the Restless in 2014, returning for two brief guest stints thereafter.
He was then reintroduced for a guest stint between September 1995 and October 1995 to aid Michelle's departure, making his final appearance on 24 October 1995.
She last appeared during the episode that aired April 14, 2005.
Daniel's first major storyline was a love triangle involving himself, Amber Turner and Josh Willis.
When Mitzeee Minniver grows close to Riley, Mercedes begins to stalk her.
Detective Inspector Humphrey Goodman is a character in the crime drama television series Death in Paradise, portrayed by Kris Marshall.
He dosses in squats and never settles anywhere for long, although he does return to Albert Square several times.
Her final contract appearance was September 7 of that year.
During the character's duration he was involved in notable storylines including schizophrenia, a suicide pact and living in foster care.
He made his first appearance in the series sixteen episode "Denial", broadcast on 8 June 2002.
Mariam Andrews, Peri, Tegan and Leela Lomax were introduced in October.
She made her first screen appearance during the episode broadcast on 13 July 2007.
Amanda Carrington is a fictional character on the ABC prime time soap opera Dynasty, created by Richard and Esther Shapiro.
Robert "Rob" Hawthorne is a fictional character from the British Channel 4 soap opera, Hollyoaks, played by Warren Derosa.
Poppins had previously worked with the show's producer Paul Marquess and he created Lance especially for the actor.
Terry kills Charles Durham and later shoots Paul when he goes to report her to the police.
He debuted on-screen during the episode airing on 29 June 1964 and remained for twenty years until his death on 21 November 1984.
She made several appearances afterwards as a ghost to Eric and on a videotape describing her final wishes.
When feeling angry or embarrassed, she frequently replies with defensive responses such as "Am I bovvered?
She has also been central to a cyber-bullying plot.
In May 2011, it was announced that Malcolm would be returning to Neighbours to help his parents with their marriage.
Chad DiMera is a fictional character from the original NBC Daytime soap opera, Days of Our Lives.
Dennis Alan "Den" Watts is a fictional character from the BBC soap opera EastEnders, played by actor Leslie Grantham.
Their slow introduction was a deliberate attempt by the programme makers to introduce the whole family over a long period.
Doctor Browning and Mercedes later begin a relationship, which Smithwick called a "union of the dark soul mates".
Nevertheless, the controversy attracted much attention and ratings shot up for the then-fledgling soap.
In July 2009, it was announced that original actress Felisha Terrell had been axed from the soap and would be replaced by Lindsay Hartley.
On 13 January 2012, Simon made a one-off cameo for the funeral of his mother, Pat Butcher.
The character is widely described as ruthless, and while loving to those he holds dear, is considered a villain.
After splitting from Casey, Sasha began dating Spencer Harrington.
The storyline between Lana and Sky was billed as a relationship story between two close female friends, "made compelling by the complexity of the feelings involved."
Breeds felt they were ill-suited to one another.
Subsequent characters have been introduced by his successor Kate Oates.
Marty Saybrooke is a fictional character from One Life to Live, an American soap opera.
He was the show's fifth most tenured character after Monica Quartermaine, Laura Spencer, Scott Baldwin, and Bobbie Spencer.
When King Richard appears to return to England, Marian must fulfill her promise to marry Guy, and he immediately prepares their wedding.
Kyle and Jade later started a serious relationship together.
Diego is the son of Lorenzo Alcazar and Maria Sanchez.
She had a difficult relationship with her mother and did not like being patronised.
The character made his debut screen appearance during the episode broadcast on 4 May 2010.
Holly departed on 20 June 2012, but Powles later reprised her role and Holly returned on 24 March 2016 for a six month stint.
Angie departed in 1996, but she returned for several weeks in 2002, then for her youngest son, Toadie's wedding to Dee Bliss in 2003.
He made his first on-screen appearance on 19 October 2007.
As a consequence, Mark struggled to balance his work and personal lives.
The character was portrayed on recurring basis from September 24, 2008 to March 3, 2009 by actor Antonius Hermlin.
stated that Tug changed from "horrible" to "sloppy" through his romance with Sarah.
He is assisted in every episode by a sergeant.
Jason Costello is a fictional character from the British Channel 4 soap opera, Hollyoaks, played by Victoria Atkin.
One other major storyline is after his second cousin once removed and godfather, Phil Mitchell, takes him in after finding out what Billy does to him.
Jasper "Jax" Jacks is a fictional character from the ABC Daytime soap opera General Hospital.
Fergus arrived to New Zealand screens in 1995 as a homeless teenager who got help from Guy Warner.
The character was introduced to the show following the decision to stop a storyline that saw Toadfish Rebecchi adopt a child from Indonesia.
The character of Annie has been noted as "snobbish" and "snooty" due to her condescending attitude and delusions of grandeur.
In death, Mary Alice sees things she would not have seen in life: her friends' vulnerabilities, lies, and secrets.
She has two sons, Ned Quartermaine and Dillon Quartermaine; two stepsons, Lucky Spencer and Ethan Lovett; and a stepdaughter, Lulu Spencer.
The incident is a first glimpse of how Terry is eventually depicted as being prone to mental breakdowns.
She has also been central to several affairs which included Calvin Valentine, her sister's husband, and Riley's father Carl.
Alex then finds out that his father is seriously ill and wants him to be his successor.
Sasha Valentine is a fictional character from the British Channel 4 soap opera, Hollyoaks, played by Nathalie Emmanuel.
Always a bit too intelligent for Walford, Kelvin eventually leaves for university.
That same month saw Rhiannon Fish join the cast as Lisa Jeffries.
Micky tries to warn Ian that Maxine fancies him, not realising that Ian felt the same way about Maxine.
Francis John "Frank" Foster is a fictional character from the British ITV soap opera, Coronation Street, played by Andrew Lancel.
When Adam's crimes were revealed and Faith was returned to Sharon, she remained in love with him; SoapNet considered the relationship "dark".
He has been portrayed by Geordie Holibar since his debut in the show's first ever 90 minute episode in August 2010.
Since then he has been central to a bisexuality storyline and living with an aneurysm.
The role appeared from October 1968 through December 1980, and from May 1983 through December 1985.
He made his first screen appearance during the episode broadcast on 20 August 1998.
Poppy's storylines became more prominent, her sister Tansy was introduced, along with the development of a romantic relationship with Fatboy.
Kate Baines took over the role the following year.
Jay arrived to the show as the estranged daughter of established character - Victor Kahu.
Over the years Stefano's character has fluctuated between that of a crime lord, political terrorist, ruthless business tycoon, and loving family man.
Amy Knight is a fictional character from the Channel 4 soap opera Hollyoaks, played by Ashley Slanina-Davies.
Gavin Harrison began playing Revhead in August and was soon followed by John Morris as Philip Matheson.
Callum was initially portrayed as a tearaway, who created chaos to be noticed.
Pablo Duarte made his first appearance in April.
Leah becomes pregnant and Miles proposes to her.
Critics of the show have reacted positively to the character.
The character is most notable for being "planted" in the show as publicity for an Andrew Lloyd Webber produced stage production of The Sound of Music.
As Carolin tells Henning that Clarissa was telling the truth, he leaves her and breaks all ties with his father.
Claudine Cameron is a fictional character in British teen drama Britannia High, and is portrayed by Sapphire Elia.
Bailey has received critical acclaim for her portrayal, which has garnered her a Young Artist Award.
Greenlee Smythe is a fictional character from the daytime drama, All My Children.
Shabnam left the square with Jade, leaving Kush behind after she made the decision for him to stay with his son Arthur whose mother is Stacey.
Niall was portrayed by upcoming actor Devon Jackson, the younger brother of Hollyoaks actor Kieron Richardson, in flashback scenes depicting the character's childhood.
Her main storyline arcs include a feud with her overprotective mother, Christine Jones and a relationship with Geoff Campbell.
Carla Leach is a fictional character on the New Zealand soap opera Shortland Street, who was portrayed by Elisabeth Easther from early 1995 to mid 1996.
Paul Clayton is a fictional character from the British ITV soap opera, Coronation Street.
He joined the show after previously appearing in rival soap opera Neighbours.
Basil Fawlty is the main character of the British sitcom Fawlty Towers, played by John Cleese.
From January 29, 2008 to the series' last episode on September 17, 2010, newcomer Billy Magnussen played the role.
Pearce was responsible for the incineration of Crossgill's farmhouse by burning old rags indoors.
Characters are sorted by order of first appearance.
Seth has been mentioned on numerous occasions since his death, and is remembered as one of the serial's most iconic characters.
In fact Ethel trusts Dot so much that she even asks her to help her die in 2000, after she is diagnosed with inoperable cancer.
Jesse McGregor is a fictional character from the Australian soap opera Home and Away, played by actor Ben Unwin.
In 1994, Bancks left Home and Away to pursue other projects.
Tim and Julia get into a fight and she decides to take a vacation, from which she never returns.
Afia's father marries Zainab, and he starts to control and abuse her.
Sally returned during the episode broadcast on 15 July 2013 with her daughter.
Sabrina was murdered in September 2016 by Paul Hornsby, who is acting as the hospital's mass-killer.
This is Fernandes' second role in EastEnders, her first being a schoolgirl in 1993.
The character was renowned and iconic for his absurd and unrealistic storylines.
After winning the role, Burns relocated to Australia.
September saw Brad Jordan arrive, while October saw the introductions of Marco Silvani, Josh Taylor, Taylah Jordan and Jessica Wallace.
Kal Nazir, Ritchie de Vries, Andrea Beckett and Maddie Heath made their first appearances in December.
He made his first appearance on 27 September 1994, arriving in Ramsay Street with his family.
The character made her first on-screen appearance on 12 August 2013.
The character along with wife Waverley returned for the show's 25th anniversary that aired on May 25, 2017.
Belle's storylines included finding her birth mother, a drug addiction, her relationship with Aden Jefferies and being diagnosed with cancer.
Sally Hunter is a fictional character from the British Channel 4 soap opera, Hollyoaks, played by Katherine Dow Blyton.
Laga'aia agreed to return to filming in November 2010.
Devane remained a principal actor in the series until the final episode.
Along with General Hospital's Luke and Laura Spencer, Bo and Hope are considered to be one of daytime's most iconic couples.
The role was recast in 2010 with Angelika Fornell.
Maggie Jones took over the role, playing Blanche in over 830 episodes from 1974 to her death in 2009.
Together, they have shared three marriages and two children; Victoria and Nicholas Newman.
Martin "Marty" Murray is a character from Channel 4 soap Brookside played by Neil Caple from 2000 until 2003.
They eventually are able to see the bigger picture - it isn't about what made them happy but about keeping Nottingham safe and looked after.
Evan gave up his legal rights when she was an infant, but Mickey never adopted her.
On 1 April 2011 it was reported by the Daily Mirror that Bardon had filmed his final scenes and had left.
Julia Hoffman is a fictional character played by Grayson Hall in the 1966 ABC soap opera Dark Shadows.
However, the relationship did not last, and she reunited with Owen and soon fell pregnant.
However, the actor was rehired soon after viewers campaigned for his return, revealing that Cane's identical twin brother was in fact the man who died.
Dr. Daniel Granger MBBS is a fictional character in the soap opera Doctors, portrayed by Matthew Chambers.
She was originally played by Burcin Kapkin.
The couple has had their ups and downs, but throughout it all they have remained friends and support one another.
Hilary Curtis is a fictional character from the original CBS daytime soap opera The Young and the Restless portrayed by Mishael Morgan.
Her character was killed-off as she saved her cousin, Theresa McQueen from Sonny Valentine during the "End of the Line" storyline.
Michael "Mickey" Pearce is a recurring fictional character in the British sitcom Only Fools and Horses.
Pepper's mother, Christine Rodd, was introduced at the end of October and Glenn Forrest arrived in November.
The character last appeared in Emmerdale on 28 October 2008.
Annalise Kratz is a fictional character from the Australian Network Ten soap opera Neighbours, played by Kimberley Davies.
Casey is the first of the Braxton brothers to build friendships with established characters.
Travis also contended with his supposedly deceased father, who was furious that he was married to Liza and wanted Travis to marry his goddaughter, Aja Doyan.
Max Hoyland is a fictional character from the Australian soap opera Neighbours, played by Stephen Lovatt.
Kerry adopted Joe's son and fell pregnant again.
The character is famous for her suicide plot which was ultimately axed.
Jordan Ridgeway is a fictional character on the NBC daytime soap opera Days of Our Lives.
The actress was a fan of the show prior to being cast.
Reporters from Inside Soap and the Sunday Mail have branded Renee's death as shocking.
He was the second husband of Pauline Fowler and her accidental killer.
But when a pregnant Cleo comes behind Tanja's latest scheme, the kidnapping of Clarissa, Tanja kills her.
He also reconnects with a now-reformed Nicole and even works with his mother's longtime rival Kristen DiMera to help establish a new school in Salem.
Lisa Marie portrayed the character in 1980, Roseanne Arnold in 1994, Sally Struthers in February 2002, and Holly Gagnier in June 2015.
When Whitney chooses Fatboy, Tyler has a one-night stand with Lauren Branning, though later regrets it after finding out that Whitney still has feelings for him.
It was first broadcast on March 23, 1987, and airs on CBS.
It was created by Reg Watson and first broadcast on 18 March 1985.
Files reprised his role for the show's 30th anniversary in March 2015.
Stuart lived with Toadfish Rebecchi and Connor O'Neill at number 30, during which time the house became known as "The House of Trouser".
In 2015, Robert Palmer Watkins joined the cast as a recast Dillon Quartermaine.
Ric later becomes embroiled in an illegal bare-knuckle boxing plot which endangers his life.
They employ four members of staff, Elgin, Bryan, Jed and Imelda Cakeworthy, as played by David Ross, Ivan Kaye, Peter Heppelthwaite and Ella Kenion.
The character has received mixed reviews from critics.
They were all introduced by the show's executive producer John Holmes.
Joey Rainbow is a fictional character from the Australian soap opera Home and Away, played by Alex O'Han.
Emily Bishop is a fictional character from the British ITV soap opera, Coronation Street.
He debuted in the soap's first episode on 9 December 1960.
The character is the adopted son of business mogul, Alan Spaulding, and his first ex-wife, Elizabeth.
In March 2014, it was confirmed that Valentine would be returning to Neighbours.
Gregor von der Waldenau is a fictional character from the German soap opera Verbotene Liebe, portrayed by actor Andreas Jancke.
First meeting in 2003, their relationship was described as "an uneasy alliance that first blossomed into a friendship."
was portrayed by Thad Luckinbill, and Colleen was portrayed by three different actresses during the pair's time together, including Lyndsy Fonseca, Adrianne León and Tammin Sursok.
Arena was happy to portray an Italian character because it resembled himself - noting that characters of different ethnicity was rare on the show.
The following is a list of characters that first appeared in 2011, by order of first appearance.
Weston attended a late audition for the role and was later told she had secured the part.
Joe is deemed as a stereotype Australian man and a likable rogue character.
Charleston quit her role in April 2009 and the character departed on 3 August 2009.
He last appeared in the show's seventh series, after he was murdered by Julie Johnston.
Don Craig is a fictional character on the television drama Days of Our Lives.
The character departed on 24 November 2010.
Pupils Yasmin Deardon and Janeece Bryant are introduced in episode two, and Lewis Seddon appears from episode three.
June saw the arrival of Meggie McClaine, Spencer Walsh and twin characters, Charles and Matilda Ashby, born on-screen.
The role was introduced by Frank Behnke in March 1995.
Paige initially chose to keep her identity a secret, as she was scared that she would not be accepted.
15 and was heavily involved in local politics, including two spells as mayor of Weatherfield.
The character was shot by Dr. Paul Browning, but survived and then emigrated so he thought she was dead.
Her friends have been there for her during difficult times.
Esther Anderson and Rebecca Breeds made their debuts as Charlie and Ruby Buckton in June.
Rhys was with Jim when he died and he remained affected by his death for a long time.
He made his first screen appearance during the episode broadcast on 7 May 2012.
Nonetheless, Fancy's storylines since mid-2006 center on her romance with Luis and subsequent rivalry with her aunt, Sheridan, and her sister, Pretty, for his affection.
He is first seen accompanying Claudia Colby to a Christmas ball.
Vaisey returns to Nottingham after Isabella loses it to Robin Hood and the people.
The character was originally played by child actress Nicolette Minster, while Sheridan Compagnino took over the role for Amy's reappearance in 1992.
However, when Sonya learned the relationship was a sham, she agreed to wait for Toadie.
The character has also been used to portray a suicide attempt.
The character and her family were created by storyliners in an attempt to bring the show back to its roots.
The following is a list of characters that first appeared in the British soap opera Emmerdale in 2001, by order of first appearance.
The character returned full-time on 31 January 1972, and was briefly credited as Rita Bates, then as Littlewood, Fairclough, Sullivan, and Tanner.
The character departed on 7 April 2017, along with Brad, before making a guest return from 1 June.
He was portrayed by Josh Kelly from December 29, 2010 to December 29, 2011.
Janae is characterised as a feisty character who is unafraid of physical confrontation.
All characters were introduced by the show's executive producer Bryan Kirkwood.
The character was introduced as a guest character, but later became a regular.
Katherine Chancellor is a fictional character from the CBS Daytime soap opera, The Young and the Restless, portrayed by Jeanne Cooper.
He returned again for guest stints in 2000 and 2002.
On 15 January 2014, it was announced that Deano, now called Dean, would be returning and Di Angelo would begin filming the following month.
The character was killed-off in July 2004, following an altercation with Carl King.
Jamal was an orphaned street kid who lost his mother to AIDS.
The character of Miss Ellie was written out following Bel Geddes' departure.
Nancy Hughes McClosky is a fictional character from the CBS Daytime soap opera As the World Turns.
Ben Steel began playing Noah's older brother, Jude in October.
Archibald Seth Armstrong is a fictional character from the British ITV soap opera, Emmerdale, played by Stan Richards from 1978 until 2004.
Les Hill and Belinda Jarrett joined the show in July as the Dean siblings, Blake and Karen.
The character was introduced as a love interest for Victor Newman in 1993.
The couple first rose to popularity in early 1998 when Lucky helps Elizabeth recover after she has been raped.
Phoebe McQueen is a fictional character from the British Channel 4 soap opera, Hollyoaks, played by Mandip Gill.
Tobias "Toby" Alexander Mills is a fictional character from the British Channel 4 soap opera, Hollyoaks, played by Henry Luxemburg.
Marah Lewis is a fictional character on the CBS daytime soap opera, Guiding Light.
Ixchel del Paso portrayed Mili in the short-lived Mexican version.
This was because he felt that many people were victims of stabbing at the time.
They were all introduced by the shows executive producer, Susan Bower.
In The CW's 2017 reboot of the series, actor Rafael de La Fuente will portray a gay male version of the character named Sam Flores.
Helena Cassadine is a fictional character on the American soap opera General Hospital, famously originated by film actress Elizabeth Taylor in November 1981.
Fish's role in the soap was announced in May 2010 and she made her first on screen appearance as April on 15 June 2010.
Susannah Morrisey is a fictional character in the defunct Channel 4 soap opera Brookside.
Since September 2, 2004, he has been portrayed by John Driscoll.
Dr. Zara Carmichael MBBS BSc MD FRCS is a fictional character in the BBC soap opera Doctors, played by Elisabeth Dermot-Walsh.
Doug has been described as someone who "doesn't make the best choices" but has the "best intentions".
The last viewers hear of Jarvis and Freda is when they send flowers to the funeral of Jarvis's good friend Len Reynolds in May 2007.
She reprised the role once again on 17 March 1999 and made her final appearance as Tracy on 10 October 1999.
Andrew "Drew" Kirk is a fictional character from the Australian soap opera Neighbours, played by Dan Paris.
Coburn's long-running portrayal of Fisher earned him a place in the 2002 Guinness World Records alongside castmates Ray Meagher and Kate Ritchie.
Pranita won the part of Jade and she was given a twelve-month contact with the show.
She made her first screen appearance during the episode broadcast on 29 July 1992 and remained until her departure on 4 August 1993.
The couple is often referred to by the portmanteau "Shick" by fans on internet, message boards and in magazines.
The following is a list of characters that first appeared in the soap in 2013.
Martin Kemp quit the series after his contract to the show expired.
Maddie has been described as having a "seductive mixture of beauty, manipulation and wit".
Three different girls from Laura Ingalls Wilder's childhood; Nellie Owens, Genevieve Masters and Stella Gilbert, were the basis for the fictional Nellie Oleson.
Terence Turner is a fictional character from the British ITV soap opera, Emmerdale.
The character departed in 1991, but returned in 1993 with Peta Brady in the role.
The following is a list of minor characters that first appeared in the British Channel 4 soap opera Hollyoaks in 2003, by order of first appearance.
Initially, Julia represented a threat to Barnabas' undead existence, but eventually she became one of his most staunch allies.
Maggie Stone is a fictional character from the American ABC Daytime soap opera, All My Children.
However, despite his primarily ethical storylines, Victor soon became a central character dealing with large story arcs that consisted primarily of melodramatic storylines.
In early 2017, Denise was also involved in a bus crash.
Miguel Lopez-Fitzgerald is a fictional character on the NBC/DirecTV soap opera Passions.
Trent Dalzell as Axel Hay, David Downer as Ross Buckton and Celeste Dodwell as Melody Jones made their first appearances in March.
Ryan Connor is a fictional character from the British ITV soap opera, Coronation Street.
He later became G-Wing Governor but once Helen Stewart returned to her position he returned as a prison officer and principal officer.
She arrives in Erinsborough from New York on a business trip and decides to try to take control of the company.
Kristen DiMera is a fictional character from the American NBC Daytime soap opera Days of Our Lives, portrayed by Eileen Davidson.
In the seventh series, Micky continues to build a friendship with Ian, with whom he now shares a house.
Rebecca Margaret "Becca" Dean is a fictional character from the Channel 4 soap opera Hollyoaks, played by Ali Bastian.
The role was portrayed by Joshua Harris from 1985 until the conclusion of the original series in 1991.
Syed initially marries girlfriend Amira Shah but later comes out, and enters a relationship with Christian, despite the pressures of his family and his Muslim faith.
Coronation Street is a British soap opera first broadcast on 9 December 1960.
A collaborative effort between the writers, Carly — originally played by Sarah Joy Brown — was introduced under executive producer Wendy Riche.
Joel Dexter is a fictional character from the British Channel 4 soap opera Hollyoaks.
She made her first screen appearance during "Episode 6646", which was broadcast on 20 May 2013.
While appearing in the sixth series of Hollyoaks Later in October 2013, Callum was killed off.
The character of Paul was an immediate hit with fans and critics alike.
Emmerdale is a British soap opera first broadcast on 16 October 1972.
Having undergone plastic surgery to look identical to Stefano's stepson, Tony, André—on Stefano's behalf—sets out to frame Roman Brady for a series of murders.
Toadie was initially portrayed as a troubled teenager and a "class clown".
Delia Ryan is a fictional character from the original ABC daytime soap opera, Ryan's Hope.
Schoch in 1980 and was dropped in 1981, before being brought back and portrayed by J. Eddie Peck from 1993 to 1999.
The character began a relationship with established character Libby Kennedy, which eventually saw them marry and have a child together.
James Franco originated the character in November 2009, after seeking out a soap opera role.
John was good at business and employed a modern approach to farming.
On 15 May 2013, Joyner filmed her final scenes and departed on 28 June 2013.
The serial's producers were impressed with Brocklebank and made Ivan a regular character.
Anna Devane is a fictional character from the original ABC Daytime soap opera, General Hospital, played by Finola Hughes.
May saw the first appearance of Faye-Marie Schofield.
Essex began filming in April 2011 and first appeared on screen on 3 June 2011.
Mark "Dodger" Savage is a fictional character from the British Channel 4 soap opera, Hollyoaks, played by Danny Mac.
They have three children, Nick, Janey and Michael.
The role was played by Kathryn Joosten, who won the Primetime Emmy Award twice for Outstanding Guest Actress in a Comedy Series in 2005 and 2008.
The character received a revival 18 months later however when producer Bryan Kirkwood brought him back in 2006.
On 21 April 2009 it was revealed that Tittensor had been released from Emmerdale because of a conviction of grievous bodily harm.
While Brown's portrayal of Carly is viewed as a "duplicitous vixen," Braun's Carly is viewed as more of a romantic heroine.
Francis returned to the series again in 2008 to help Lulu, who had also been institutionalized.
She first appeared in 2002 and made her final appearance in 2005.
Imogen made her first appearance on 4 August 2009.
Irene Constance Ethel Raymond is a fictional character from the BBC soap opera EastEnders, played by Roberta Taylor.
Karl departed during the episode broadcast on 13 September 2013.
Theresa "Mary" Smith is a fictional character from the BBC soap opera EastEnders, played by Linda Davidson, from 5 March 1985 to 26 May 1988.
Sloane has been nominated for several awards for his portrayal of the character.
Various critics have praised the character because of her "feisty and tough persona".
Other characters also take major focus throughout the years after starting as minor characters, such as the Karib family.
Mimi implies that she has guessed Micky is gay.
Martha's appearance has evolved throughout her time in the show: she was initially a tomboy who loved sport, but she later became a stylish woman.
She was portrayed by Silvana Arias from May 17, 2004 to August 15, 2007 when the series was on broadcast television on the NBC network.
His final scenes, which aired on 1 March 2002, saw Steve killed during a fierce car chase with archenemy Phil Mitchell.
Originally introduced as a love interest for an existing character, Cheryl has been involved in storylines involving lapdancing and domestic abuse since her inception.
Belle made her last appearance on 11 August 2009.
Franco terrorizes Jason, along with his friends and family.
JJ's first significant storyline launched in 2013 focused on his rebellion following his father's death and his feud with his mother's new boyfriend, Dr. Daniel Jonas.
Chelsea Fox is a fictional character from the BBC soap opera EastEnders, played by Tiana Benjamin.
Those storylines included popular romances with Erica Kane and Alexandra Devane, as well as a loving yet antagonistic fraternal relationship with Edmund Grey.
Samms later reprised the role for the 1991 miniseries Dynasty: The Reunion.
He appeared in the series from 15 September 2004 until 24 July 2008.
In fact, Mary is her own worst enemy and most of her misfortune is down to her irresponsible behaviour and her inability to heed good advice.
Readers of the soap opera magazine Inside Soap indicated that they did not want Silas to murder Rae.
She finds a friend and auditor in his father Christoph.
She has made various guest appearances since, with the most recent being from 24 December 2016 until 31 January 2017.
She gave birth to their son, Tyler, but Tyler died just six months after being born.
Carl arrived in the village as the new owner of The Dog in the Pond and the father of established character Jem Costello.
Once her health improved, she made a return to Neighbours in 2004 to tie up Nina's storylines.
Their marital life is short-lived when Boyd is unfaithful.
Bell as a love interest for Nicholas Newman, the character debuted on March 24, 1994.
When she debuted, Jill was an 18-year-old manicurist working to support her struggling family.
Portrayed by Daphne Zuniga, Jo Reynolds appeared in the first four seasons of Melrose Place.
She made her first screen appearance in the episode broadcast on 30 June 2005 and her last appearance on 26 March 2009.
Sally Metcalfe is a fictional character from the British ITV soap opera, Coronation Street, portrayed by Sally Dynevor.
She was usually found in the kitchen cooking some of her famous recipes or offering sensible advice to Tad.
Within three months, reports announced that Zima would reprise the role, which occurred from September 6 to 28, 2012.
Their involvement ceased when Tilly chose to remain single.
She made her first appearance, along with her husband Mark Wylde, on 15 January 2009.
Following a break to participate in I'm a Celebrity...Get Me Out of Here!
The role was played by Nic Robuck from June 9, 2010, to January 11, 2012.
Producers devised a storyline to give her permanent residence on Coronation Street, when she was revealed as the fiancée of David Platt.
Emmerdale is a British soap opera first broadcast on 16 October 1972.
Initially known as "David Witherspoon", he appeared on the soap between 2001 and 2005.
The following is a list of characters that first appeared in the British soap opera Emmerdale in 1999, by order of first appearance.
Isabella Braña is a fictional character from the American CBS Daytime soap opera The Young and the Restless.
The character was created and introduced to Neighbours along with his family, as part of a major overhaul of the show's cast.
She is widely known for her popular pairing with Steve Johnson.
She debuted on-screen during episodes airing in October 2005.
Shane Donovan and Kimberly Brady Donovan are fictional characters and a supercouple from the American soap opera Days of Our Lives.
The first series, set in 1957, premiered in the UK on 15 January 2012.
She appeared in the series from 19 June 2000 until 3 June 2004.
Carla was one of the original characters created for the show and was featured in a ground-breaking and very controversial storyline about race relations.
Despite negative feedback, Francis received a Daytime Emmy Award nomination for her portrayal in 2012.
On March 17, 2014, Kanan confirmed his return to The Bold and the Beautiful under a contract position.
Stacey has proven popular with fans and critics, and Turner has won multiple awards for her portrayal.
Tina McIntyre is a fictional character from the British ITV soap opera Coronation Street.
Though the character stopped appearing in 2004, when Bryggman left the show, no mention was made of his having left town.
After the explosion of the Mount Thomas Police station, PJ was partnered with Amy Fox until he joined a Homicide Squad in Melbourne.
Although Amy's surname has stayed Barlow, Chadwick was credited as Amy McDonald for three episodes from 2009 to 2010.
Nicholas Malcolm "Nick" Bates is a fictional character from the British ITV soap opera, Emmerdale portrayed by Cy Chadwick.
This is a list of characters for the British sitcom My Family that has aired on BBC One since 17 September 2000.
Masood and Ganatra were received positive reception from viewers and critics and has been nominated for several awards.
She was also confident and high spirited.
Sonya and Jade initially had a rocky relationship, but became more supportive of each other.
It was later announced that the character is bisexual and he starts a sexual relationship with Paul Lambert.
The character's "gallows humour" has been well received by critics, and saw Jones win The British Soap Award for "Best Comedy Performance" in 2005 and 2008.
JJ shares a connection to several of the show's most popular characters and is considered to be a legacy character.
McFadden took a hiatus from the series at the end of Phil's liver cirrhosis storyline with the character departing on 6 February 2017.
She made her first screen appearance during the episode broadcast on 22 September 1989.
She was first portrayed by Laura Wright for an eight-year period, followed by Nicole Forester until the character's departure in 2008.
Nicholas lied to Heather about his addiction and despite Barry Grant's warnings, Heather ignored this until it was too late.
Home and Away is an Australian soap opera.
Pete was axed from the soap in 1993 and departed in May that year after over eight years on-screen.
Garrett was replaced by Chad Duell after one year with the series.
Throughout her time on the series, Mercedes' storylines have centred on her relationships.
Meike is the younger sister of Tanja von Anstetten.
She soon started a friendship with the show's matriarch Stephanie Forrester, who was diagnosed with lung cancer at the time.
She was introduced alongside her grandsons, Alfie and Spencer Moon, and made her first appearance on 3 December 2002.
In the character's early stages, she was portrayed as a less conventional character compared to the rest of the Hollyoaks teenagers.
Maddie is an old friend of Bart McQueen.
He is also cited as one of the show's most popular characters and was the longest featured character.
When Jack complained about the mess, the man apologised but told Jack to 'keep [his] hair on'.
She followed this with a stint as co-owner of the Chez Chez bar.
The 7th season of Home and Away began airing on 10 January 1994.
Matthew "Matt" Page is a fictional character from the Australian soap opera Home and Away, played by Alec Snow.
Con man Douglas Blake played by Ann Haddy's real-life husband James Condon made his first appearance in September.
Lee Baldwin is the adoptive father of Scott Baldwin.
His casting was announced in June 1997 and Maxwell said he was thrilled to get the part.
The serial created a new direction for Elijah when a series of bad events leave him with nothing.
The actor earned three consecutive Daytime Emmy Award nominations for Outstanding Younger Actor in 2004, 2005 and 2006.
Leanne is described as a "gorgeous babe" who is bubbly and a "sexy, sassy blonde".
She was introduced as a recurring character by producer Alan Bateman.
Many believed that Kiki who initially comes off as a scheming bad girl had become too much like Starr Manning.
He made his first screen appearance in the pilot episode broadcast on 17 January 1988.
Kemp received multiple award nominations for his portrayal of Steve Owen.
Amanda Rose "Mandy" Dingle is a fictional character from the British ITV soap opera, Emmerdale, played by Lisa Riley.
On 28 April 2017, Dot overtook Pat Butcher as the second longest-serving character in EastEnders, surpassed only by original character Ian Beale.
When he reveals to his parents that he wants to pursue further education, Paddy and Mimi ridicule him.
A "dynamic and assured" businesswoman, Vanessa was created by series consultant Simon Ashdown to be "a Zöe Lucker-type".
Lorraine "Rainie" Cross is a fictional character from the BBC One soap opera EastEnders, played by Tanya Franks.
In 1989, Jones decided to quit the serial in order to pursue other projects and the character departed on 9 September the same year.
Throughout the show, Carrie has been involved in classic soap opera storylines.
Kimberly Brady is a fictional character on the television soap opera Days of Our Lives.
The character has also featured in the online spin-off series, Hollyoaks: Freshers.
However, while out protesting a duck hunt, Kerry was shot and she and her unborn child died.
Forrest's casting was announced in July 2010 and she began filming her scenes in June.
Sharon Davies is a fictional character from the Australian soap opera Neighbours, played by Jessica Muschamp.
Novakovic has said that she would like to see Natasha grow up, become nicer and turn over a new leaf.
Moira managed to balance work and family because she had John's support.
Rebecca is revealed to be Pamela Rebecca Barnes, the daughter of Cliff Barnes, Christopher's adoptive uncle.
The character and casting was announced on 20 May 2014.
A Daily Record writer opined that Lance and Bev were "soul mates".
He debuted on-screen on 21 November 2001.
In his final storyline he was portrayed as having incurable non-Hodgkin lymphoma.
Nancy Anne Osborne is a fictional character from the British Channel 4 soap opera Hollyoaks, played by Jessica Fox.
Slanina-Davies has also revealed that she has conducted extensive research into all of her issue-lead storylines.
Ruffo requested that writers make his character "more in-depth" so he could show his emotional range.
Alistair Crane is a fictional character on the NBC/DirecTV soap opera Passions.
He is also forced to cope with Belle's death after their wedding and a subsequent relationship with his best friend Nicole.
New characters were introduced by Bryan Kirkwood, executive producer.
Many of his storylines have been centred on his relationship with Ruby Buckton.
The Kelly family, consisting of mother Rose and her children Marley, Earl, Sambuca and Denzil, all first appear in episode 1.
After graduating college, however, he found love with Millie, Brooke's assistant from the New York branch of Clothes Over Bros.
Casualty is a British medical drama television series that premiered on 6 September 1986 on BBC One.
The role was also portrayed by Carrie Genzel in the late-1990s.
The character has been played by Christoph Mory, after being introduced by Tom Viehöfer.
Kirshner received critical praise for her portrayal of the character.
Flynn Saunders is a fictional character from the Australian soap opera Home and Away, played by Joel McIlroy.
Faye Butler, Jeff Cullen and the soap's first Chinese character, Xin Chiang arrived in February.
He then returned in 2003 and stayed until 2005.
The character participated in a hugely high profile storyline in 2003 where she fell for much older man, Dom, who went on to murder Geoff.
The character first appeared on-screen on 1 September 2006 until 4 May 2007.
Tyler and Mark's brother Aaron and father Russell were also introduced in 2015.
She made her first screen appearance during the episode broadcast on 11 August 2010.
Duhamel reprised his role for two episodes in August 2011.
While married to the vicious Antonia Weber, Philipp has an affair with Lady Joan.
Arianna made her first appearance on April 15, 2009.
The youngest daughter of Stephanie and Eric Forrester, Felicia has one brother, Thorne, and one sister, Kristen Forrester.
However, the pair continued to be linked to one another, with an affair between the two resulting in second child Nicholas.
Laken Lockridge is a fictional character from the American soap opera Santa Barbara.
She was portrayed by actress Eileen Mayers.
On 24 October 2011, it was announced Babbington's contract would not be renewed and Jodie departed on 14 November 2011, along with Poppy Meadow.
Traci was known for her relationship with Danny Romalotti, which caused a heavy rivalry with Lauren Fenmore.
He later returned for a guest appearance in November 2015, and returned again in May 2017.
Stephanie "Steph" Roach is a fictional character from the British Channel 4 soap opera, Hollyoaks, played by Carley Stenson.
The actor's casting was announced in March 2010 and he admitted the role would be challenging, but he would be up to the task.
Blakely later reprised the role of Gaby to appear in the show's 20th anniversary episode, which was broadcast on 27 July 2005.
The youngest son of Jock and Miss Ellie Ewing, he was portrayed by actor Patrick Duffy between 1978 and 1985, and again from 1986 to 1991.
His first major storyline saw him murder old flame Saskia Duncan and frame Matthew Rose for the crime.
He made his first appearance on 8 October 2007.
Initially presented as a "spoiled teen vixen", the role was gradually expanded by producers.
Rebecca Jane Napier is a fictional character from the Australian soap opera Neighbours, played by Jane Hall.
Jade's arrival also precipitated the revelation that Sonya is Callum Jones's biological mother.
The Bold and the Beautiful is an American television soap opera.
Janey returns as a main character in Series Five.
On Virgin Media his death was named one of the "Soaps' best storyline" in 2008.
Katya feuds with Susan Kennedy and Karl Kennedy over custody of her siblings.
Following the death of the character, the entire Perkins family was removed from the show not long after that.
In 2009, it was announced that Tovey had quit the show and the writers took the decision to kill off the character.
The actor decided to leave Home and Away in early 2000 after two years and he made his screen exit on 16 May 2000.
Brad Carlton is a fictional character from the CBS soap opera The Young and the Restless, portrayed by Don Diamont.
Lesley Kershaw followed in October and Jeremy Sheffield began appearing as Danny Stratton in December.
Doug Williams and Julie Olson were the first super couple in the history of the daytime industry.
Byrne departed the role of Lily in 1989, and it was recast with actress Heather Rattray.
July saw the arrival of Masood Ahmed's brother, AJ.
Nikki Newman is a fictional character from the American CBS daytime soap opera The Young and the Restless.
Thompson chose to take a nine-month break from the show in early 2004.
Originally written by Warren, the series is produced by Stuart Latham until July and then by Derek Granger from July onwards.
He has been portrayed by Daniel Cosgrove from 2002 to 2005 and 2007 to 2009.
The couple is referred to by the portmanteau "Daily" on Internet message boards.
His death scene aired in August 1986.
The latter reprised the role briefly in 2006.
Katya Sarah Kinski is a fictional character from the Australian soap opera Neighbours, played by Dichen Lachman.
Vinson originally auditioned for the role of Martha MacKenzie, but later secured the role of Cassie.
Luke Warrington is a fictional character from the British soap opera Family Affairs, played by Royce Cronin.
He first appeared in 2004 and left in 2008.
A few months later, Toyah became the show's first female character to be involved in a storyline surrounding the subject of under-age sex.
In the fifth season, following years of romantic interests, she appears to finally obtain a fulfilling but short-lived relationship.
Wayne’s position was initially filled by a senior detective who was later found charged with falsifying evidence.
He accidentally murders Heidi after mistaking her for Lynsey, before being arrested for his crimes.
Frances has expressed her desire to once again become a permanent cast member.
Patrick Trueman is a fictional character from the BBC soap opera EastEnders, played by Rudolph Walker.
Carlos Solis  is a fictional character on the ABC television series, Desperate Housewives.
McCook had also played Lance Prentiss from 1976 to 1980.
She made her first appearance on Tuesday 30 September 2014.
Scott has stated that she thinks the couple always has to get back together, but "not without a challenge".
Bonner thought viewers would empathise with his character and relate to his "inner conflict."
Margo's storyline's often focus on family dramas and police matters.
Arriving with husband Andrew Warrington, she has an affair with his son Luke Warrington.
Terese has struggled to accept that her husband has a daughter with his ex-girlfriend and her friend, Lauren Turner.
Many critics attributed the improved quality of the series' fourth season to Delany's performance.
Storms has since returned to the role.
Cliff Warner and Nina Cortlandt are fictional characters and a supercouple from the 1980s Cliff and Nina storyline on the American daytime drama All My Children.
In a controversial storyline, Paul was forced to shoot and kill Ricky to prevent him from killing Eden Baldwin.
Neil and Drucilla have shared two marriages, as well as adopting a son, Devon Hamilton.
Upon finding employment at the local garage, Chris was faced with Warren Burrell, a homophobic customer.
Bjorlin returned to the role, in a two-episode stint in celebration of the soap's fiftieth anniversary celebration on August 3, 2015.
Lisa Hunter is a fictional character from the British Channel 4 soap opera, Hollyoaks, played by Gemma Atkinson.
Victor Newman is a fictional character from the American CBS soap opera The Young and the Restless.
Dexter "Dex" Walker is a fictional character from the Australian soap opera Home and Away, played by Charles Cottier.
He leaves Walford in disgrace, leaving his business to his wife.
Lynsey is later murdered in a "whodunit" storyline with Mercedes becoming a suspect in her murder.
Vernon Francis "Frank" Gallagher is a fictional character from the British Channel 4 comedy drama, Shameless, portrayed by David Threlfall.
Ruby Allen is a fictional character from the BBC soap opera EastEnders, played by Louisa Lytton.
The character was introduced in 1993 as the mother of the Jackson family.
She was portrayed by actress Barbara Crampton, who departed from the role in 1993.
Vincent Elegba is a fictional character from the British Channel 4 soap opera, Hollyoaks, played by John Omole.
On 16 August 2016, Fletcher confirmed that he would be leaving the show during the episode airing that night ending 20 years on Emmerdale.
Ganatra's departure was announced on 1 September 2016, becoming the last member of the Masood family to leave.
When Anna told Alex, Alex refused to believe her and accused Anna of being unfaithful.
Martin "Ash" Ashford is a fictional character from the Australian soap opera Home and Away, played by George Mason.
Annie was introduced to Home and Away along with her older brother, Geoff.
Goodman stayed on in Saint Marie after his wife Sally announced she would not be joining him on the Caribbean island.
In 2005, Cassie was killed off in a car accident, which led to Nick's affair with Phyllis Summers.
It is also broadcast in the United States on the PBS network, with the first series starting on September 30, 2012.
For his portrayal of Ric, Furze has been nominated for various accolades, some of which were in the categories of "Best Actor" and "Most Popular Actor".
Valerie was played by Daphnée Duplaix from 2004 –2008, and temporarily by Siena Goines in 2007.
Kevin Wicks is a fictional character from the BBC soap opera EastEnders, played by Phil Daniels.
The actor began filming his first scenes that same week.
In June 2009, it was announced that Tucker had quit the show and Dan departed on 1 December 2009.
Warren Lockridge is a fictional character from the American soap opera Santa Barbara.
Brooke debuted on-screen during the episode airing on 14 July 2008.
She called Ally sensitive and described him as a "real guy's guy".
Ryan returned again on 4 November for Whitney and Lee Carter's wedding.
On February 6, 2008, executive producer/head writer Josh Griffith introduced a new character, Chloe Mitchell, played by former All My Children actress, Elizabeth Hendrickson.
After last appearing on December 2, 2013, Roché made several guest appearances throughout October 2014.
Originally portrayed by twins, Darla and Sandra Greer, until 1991, upon her brief return in 1994, child actress, Danielle Ryah, portrayed the role.
Natasha Blakeman is a fictional character from the British ITV soap opera Coronation Street, played by Rachel Leskovac.
The Young and the Restless is an American television soap opera.
He was portrayed by Frank Whitten since the first episode.
Ian Clayton Gallagher is a fictional character from the British Channel 4 comedy drama, Shameless, and its American remake on Showtime.
The character became a mainstay on the series for over ten years.
She is known for getting what she wants via scheming.
On 12 June 2013 it was announced that Kurt will return later in the year as part of Hollyoaks Later.
Marco Alessi is a fictional character from the Australian soap opera Neighbours, played by Felice Arena.
Moira's early storylines often revolved around her marriage and her three children.
Rafe Kovich and Alison Barrington Kovich are a supercouple from the American soap opera Port Charles.
He was later accidentally murdered in 2006, he made his final on-screen appearance on 16 May 2006.
The Hayeses themselves were a couple whose onscreen and real-life romance was widely covered by both the soap opera magazines and the mainstream press.
After making a brief return on 6 May 2013, Lucy made subsequent return visits and is still appearing as of 2016.
Alison Stewart is a fictional character on the daytime soap opera, As the World Turns.
In 2006, Scott Seymour became a second recast for the character; however, he too was let go after three months.
Sophie Ramsay is a fictional character from the Australian soap opera Neighbours, played by Kaiya Jones.
Ravi Roy is a fictional character from the British Channel 4 soap opera, Hollyoaks, played by Stephen Uppal.
Morley praised the producers for not sensationalising the kiss, which gained positive feedback from viewers.
Stone Cates is a fictional character on the ABC soap opera, General Hospital.
He was, however, on contract during the entire series.
He made his first screen appearance as Wayne during the episode broadcast on 4 February 1993.
She made her first on-screen appearance during the episode broadcast on 5 December 2004.
Wade took over the role in 2011.
said that Sarah was a "quiet" character and Justine Cullen writing for Inside Soap said that she was unlucky in love.
Dennis is characterised by his roguish manner, a "bad boy" cast in the mould of a "young Dirty Den".
This was an infamous and controversial scene.
His decision to quit the serial three years later was based on the decision to concentrate on his education.
Christian Clarke is a fictional character from the BBC soap opera EastEnders, portrayed by John Partridge.
Colby is the daughter of Adam Chandler and Liza Colby, and heiress to the Chandler family fortune.
November saw the first appearance of Paul McClain.
In the episode, Hayley takes her own life, after living with terminal pancreatic cancer.
It was announced on 23 July 2015 that Bennett had been axed by show bosses.
Most notably, she suffers recurring bouts with dissociative identity disorder throughout the show narrative.
The actress announced her casting on 30 May 2011.
She often clashes with Summer Hoyland, who is a feminist and quite the opposite to her.
He was created by the EastEnders: E20 writing team during a BBC summer school in August 2009.
Jonathon is remembered as an "iconic" character, largely due to the impact his homosexual status had on the viewing public.
She is also the mother of Sam Morgan, Kristina Davis and Molly Lansing.
Callard reprised the role for a short stint with Liz appearing between 6 October 2000 and 12 January 2001.
Marco Silvani is a fictional character from the Australian soap opera Neighbours, played by Jesse Rosenfeld.
Sharon was a teenager when the programme began: the adoptive daughter of Den and Angie Watts.
Created and introduced by former head writer Maria Arena Bell, the character made her debut during the episode that aired on September 22, 2008.
Ruby Button is a fictional character from the British Channel 4 soap opera, Hollyoaks, played by Anna Shaffer.
Squires called Tom "a very down-to-earth teenager who simply wants to find his own way in life."
Florian Brandner is a fictional character on German soap opera Verbotene Liebe.
Kate Ramsay is a fictional character from the Australian soap opera Neighbours, played by Ashleigh Brewer.
Steve also discovered he had leukemia, and was near death.
Lytton has since expressed a disappointment in her exit, but stated she will always be grateful for the role.
While they live with their mother, Emma also spent a short amount of time living with Ben.
Angus Deayton and Richard Mylan join the cast as Head of Modern Languages George Windsor and Deputy Head Simon Lowsley in episodes Twenty-Seven and Twenty-Nine respectively.
His plan was to drive the truck to a nearby field where he would leave the truck and make off with some of the booze.
Michelle departed in 2003, but made a brief return in 2004.
However, it led talkback callers and conservative groups to attack the storyline and the characters.
She made her first appearance during the episode broadcast on 20 July 1995.
Deke Pascal was a fictional character played by Darren Saul in the UK Soap Opera Family Affairs from 2001 until 2002.
Rachel "Raquel" Turner is a fictional character from the BBC television sit-com Only Fools and Horses, in which she was Del Boy's longtime girlfriend.
He was played by Alex Carter and first appeared onscreen on 16 February 2006.
Willits received the role after being one of over three hundred actors to audition for the roles of the serial's foster children.
She left the close again soon after her father's death.
Hannah Carpenter arrived on 25 June as Tony's wife and Dot Cotton was introduced on 4 July followed by Ernie Mears on 16 July.
It was created by Reg Watson and first broadcast on 18 March 1985.
Matt has sex with Charlotte King, who turns out to be his new biology teacher.
Desperate over the fact that Clarissa destroyed his life, Christoph commits suicide.
In 2008, Holly returned to the serial played by Lydia Waters.
He frequently found it difficult to accept the restrictions of the illness, which finally claimed his life in April 2004.
He then had a run-in with Tim O'Leary when Michaelson complained about Tim and Steve's limousine apparently blocking his drive.
Sumarwata and her family relocated to Melbourne and purposely moved near to the studio, so she could manage work and be close to her daughter.
She eventually earns the department's respect, particularly by her colleague Senior Detective P.J.
Alan-Michael Spaulding is a fictional character on the CBS soap opera Guiding Light.
Paul Lambert is a fictional character from the British ITV soap opera, Emmerdale, played by Mathew Bose.
She was known almost exclusively to others as "Mrs Mangel".
Dylan McAvoy is a fictional character from the American soap opera, The Young and the Restless, portrayed by Steve Burton.
Brooke Vincent took over the role on 12 May 2004.
In the early 2000s, the scriptwriters had Ruth and David isolate themselves from the community during a foot-and-mouth outbreak.
After one year as Celia, Spence hoped that she would find romance and change her attire.
With some personality traits resembling his own, Ruffo believed the character was especially written for him.
Dean is a fictional character from the Australian Channel Seven soap opera Home and Away, played by Les Hill.
Charles' English and Brazilian heritage was incorporated into Sarah's background and personality.
Moira was a hugely popular character, singled out by numerous reviewers as a favourite character.
He first appeared in December 2000, and became a regular cast member the following summer, after moving into Albert Square with his wife Little Mo Slater.
The character was created by Dominic Treadwell-Collins, who came up with the idea of the Carter family before he became the executive producer of EastEnders.
Chris departed on 27 March 2015, but made a cameo appearance on 6 November.
After Brandt left the show in October 2006, Johnson returned to the role in January 2007 then left on April 20, 2011.
Linda became landlady of The Queen Victoria public house and moved there with her family from her mother's pub in Watford.
She won a Soap Opera Digest Award with co-star Austin Peck for Hottest Romance in 1997.
The character appears between 5 August 1986 and 23 February 1989 and on 8 and 9 September 2016.
The following month, Ryan Clark made his debut as Sam Nicholls as did Naomi Watts as Revhead's sister Julie Gibson.
The character of Gary made his last Knots Landing appearance in 1997, in the reunion series Knots Landing: Back to the Cul-de-Sac.
Home and Away is an Australian soap opera first broadcast on the Seven Network on 17 January 1988.
Originally a guest cast member, Paterniti was promoted to the show's regular cast.
Geoffrey "Geoff" Campbell is a fictional character from the Australian soap opera Home and Away, played by Lincoln Lewis.
The role was portrayed by American actress Christina Chambers from July 1, 1998 to the end of the show on December 31, 1999.
Dan appeared on the show as a regular from 7 June 1999 to 10 July 2000 and then from 26 February to 16 August 2001.
But Hindle and Mosley did not think the two were compatible.
She also took maternity leave throughout 2015, and Nicola departed temporarily on 26 March 2015 to go to Dubai to work there for six months.
Starr is the oldest child of supercouple Todd Manning and Blair Cramer.
Jan wants to visit Julia, but realizes that his love for her is beyond all hope.
Holly was introduced to the soap as part of the Bartons, a new farming family who took over the running of Butler's Farm.
Bobby made his final appearance in episode 5303, broadcast in the United Kingdom on 17 June 2016.
The character first appeared in early 1995 as a potential love interest for Chris Warner.
In 2009, the character was aged again when Drew Garrett stepped into the role.
In 2005, however, viewers also learn that Jarvis had been married three times in the past.
Portrayed by Steven Arnold, the character first appeared on-screen during the episode airing on 1 February 1995.
She is a qualified carpenter and Cramond hoped Amy would be a good role model for female viewers who wanted a similar occupation.
The character made her on-screen debut during the episode airing on 6 June 2008.
She says the things I want to say.
Critical reception for the show has been mostly positive, and the series has won numerous awards and nominations since its original broadcast.
Charity Rahmer briefly played the role from July 19 to August 9, 2004.
Daniel's past was explored a little further when his ex-girlfriend Rain Taylor was introduced towards the end of 2014.
Lucy Collins is a character in Brookside portrayed by Katrin Cartlidge and later Maggie Saunders.
Brisley later reprised the role for brief guest appearances in 2008 and 2009.
In 2005 after Chelsea Benson's parents are killed in a car accident, DNA tests show that she is Georgia Reed Brady.
He is Nicole and Taylor Walker's half-brother.
Lucas Jones is a fictional character from the original ABC Daytime soap opera, General Hospital.
The character of Henry first appeared in 1999, and is played by actor Trent Dawson.
The 11th season of Home and Away began airing on the Seven Network on 12 January 1998.
Hughes returned to General Hospital for several guest stints between 2006 and 2008.
Valerie "Val" Pollard is a fictional character from the British ITV soap opera, Emmerdale, played by Charlie Hardwick.
Luke Jacobz and Paul Pantano debuted on 8 July as Angelo Rosetta and Elliot Gillen, respectively.
The character is portrayed as a stoic, hard-nosed, determined and level-headed character, who in later years has begun interfering in the lives of her children.
He made his first appearance on 6 September 2004 and departed in the episode broadcast on 20 September 2011.
Her return aired on 24 April 2017.
Mercier has previously made guest appearances in 1996 and in 2000 for a special web broadcast in which Annie talked to her troubled screen son Jack.
Adam Rhodes is a fictional character from the Australian Network Ten soap opera Neighbours, played by Benjamin Hart.
She is primarily portrayed as a powerful witch driven by her vacillating love and hatred for Barnabas Collins.
Both Priya and Ajay unintentionally put their careers before their marriage and Joab thought that they had forgotten about living in the moment.
Her main storylines as an adult have revolved around relationships with half-brothers, Liam Spencer and Wyatt Spencer, a rivalry with Steffy Forrester.
Mary Mae Ward is a fictional character from the ABC soap opera General Hospital from 1994–1995.
The following is a list of characters that first appeared in the New Zealand soap opera Shortland Street in 1995, by order of first appearance.
Doctor Matthew "Matt" Carter is a fictional character from the British ITV soap opera, Coronation Street, played by Oliver Mellor.
With her relationship with Ned also failed she decides to leave Erinsborough to live with her mother.
The character's first period in the show was well received by television critics.
Selina was portrayed as a tearaway, who had a reputation for being the "town tramp."
Georgianna "Georgie" Jones is a fictional character on the popular ABC soap opera General Hospital.
The following is a list of characters that first appeared in the New Zealand soap opera Shortland Street in 1999, by order of first appearance.
Joe Hudson is a fictional character on the New Zealand soap opera Shortland Street who was portrayed by Rawiri Paratene from 2001 to 2002.
The following is a list of characters that first appeared in the ITV soap opera Coronation Street in 1997, by order of first appearance.
The role was recast with Rachel Melvin in 2005.
He made his first on-screen appearance on 19 October 2006.
As the two start to scuffle a shot goes off and Sebastian dies.
Renee also features in a feud over her shop and comedic stories such as a disastrous fishing trip.
Tam last aired as Markko on November 10, 2010, when he left town to continue studying at UCLA.
Chad later reconnects with Abigail and the romance develops into a triangle with Cameron Davis.
However, when she took a job at Viv Windsor's post office, Emily's life was transformed.
Dano won a Daytime Emmy award for her portrayal of Felicia in 1993.
Maureen "Mo" Butcher is a fictional character from the BBC soap opera EastEnders, played by Edna Doré between 1988 and 1990.
As the gun is found, Carolin is arrested for Sebastian's murder.
Rayna has been portrayed by actress Connie Britton since the series' pilot episode, which aired on October 10, 2012.
The BBC was forced to issue an apology for causing offence.
Varela's departure was announced in July 2012.
He is currently the longest serving character since the departure of Julia Parsons.
The character first appeared on-screen during the episode broadcast 1 September 2010.
Colleen Stewart is a fictional character from the Australian Channel Seven soap opera Home and Away, played by Lyn Collingwood.
Annie was an "innocent farm girl", who was also intelligent, "unusual" and impressionable.
Alex was a young aristocrat, who inherited Oakwell Hall.
Daniel is introduced as a general practitioner at The Mill.
She made a return appearance during the final ABC episode of the show on January 13, 2012.
They had developed the partnership between Lachlan and Chloe in advance.
Paul O'Brien decided to leave the series in 2008 and Jack made his last appearance in the season finale for 2008.
Sursok called the assault the worst thing that had ever happened to her character.
He has been the show since 1996.
He is portrayed by Juan Pablo Di Pace.
The storyline received over 6,000 complaints, making it the second most complained about EastEnders storyline.
Kanan made his on-screen return as A.J.
She is introduced only as "Mrs. Tembe" but later reveals her first name to be Winifred but prefers to be called "Mrs. Tembe".
The character was written out in 2006, making her final appearance on 23 November 2006.
After Benet's 1982 suicide, the character of Lee was written out.
Ali was scripted as happy-go-lucky, which was in stark contrast to his highly strung wife, Sue.
He tried to stop her leaving when she requested a job in Paris, but conceded.
who fires a burning arrow into the barrels of byzantine fire stored in the castle.
Following Lucas Scott's departure, Nathan has become the main character and central figure of the show.
Roz is a very friendly and warm person and one who is very loyal to her friends.
Lisa is characterised as "a loyal, romantic Earth Mother" who is "feisty, independent and ambitious".
The character received a more uncertain response from the show's other cast members.
Con artists Terrence Chesterton and Charlotte Stone arrived the following month, along with Mary Casey.
She first appeared on 5 December 2006.
Sue Ellen's storylines in the first season focus on the character's bout with alcohol and her slowly deteriorating relationship with her husband.
Eventually Gabriella learns to deal with what happened to her and starts to miss Daniel.
The role was originated by siblings Brody and Jonas—who vacated the role in 2009 when the character was written out.
Weston was signed to the serial on an initial six-month contract which was later extended by impressed producers.
She also engaged in a casual relationship with her much younger neighbour Josh Willis.
Kylie has been well received by most critics for her image as a "gobby chav".
As soon as Ben finds out about his paternity, he invites Rajan to live on Castle Friedenau.
On 18 November 2014, Mercedes was presumably stabbed to death, with her body discarded.
Tina was pushed from the balcony and beaten with a lead pipe by Rob Donovan and died of her injuries on 2 June 2014.
Danson took another maternity break in 2009 and returned on the same year.
He hasn't spoken to his father in years, when Alex comes to Düsseldorf and begins to work for construction builder Arno Brandner.
Later storylines have focused on her alcoholism, her subsequent marriage breakdown as Brad left her for Lauren and an attempted assault by Ezra Hanley.
Bell, she has been portrayed by Kristian Alfonso since she was recast on April 14, 1983.
The memoirs have since been expanded to include new, historically sourced material.
Jessica Florida Harris is a fictional character from the British Channel 4 soap opera, Hollyoaks, played by Jennifer Biddall.
Marian also fights the Sheriff in her own right, disguising herself as the Night Watchman and giving the poor food and supplies.
Sasha made her official departure on 1 April 2015.
Daniel "Danny" Ramsay is a fictional character from the Australian Network Ten soap opera Neighbours, played by David Clencie.
Joanna and Annalise set up their own public relations company, but their first client turns out to be a con man.
In 2016, Rolling Stone ranked her #20 of their "40 Greatest TV Villains of All Time".
The Texan industrialist father of newly arrived characters Clint and Bo Buchanan, Asa was originated in late 1979 by Philip Carey.
On 16 July 2015, she returned for part of the "Who Killed Lucy Beale?"
They were praised by cast members, but Rodney Van Johnson, who played T. C., felt they were not used to their full potential.
Abby's storylines focused on business dealings, affairs and family troubles.
The storyline consists of Casey succumbing to the bad reputation of the River Boys when he commits an arson attack against an adversary of the Braxton's.
Roy was the show's longest-running original character.
Henning von Anstetten immediately starts to fall for her.
Following Davies' departure from Neighbours in 1996, rumours began that Harrison's character would be written out of the show.
Tracy is the spoiled, rich, and often badly behaved daughter of the wealthy Edward Quartermaine and Lila Morgan Quartermaine.
In 1980, Jock Ewing was indicted for murdering Hutch McKinney.
The 28th season of Neighbours began airing on 9 January 2012.
Maggie, however, would become a much bigger part of the show in later years.
Ben is mostly known for being a serial killer known as the "Necktie Killer" and claiming three victims, most notably gay legacy character Will Horton.
David Brandner is a fictional character on the German soap opera Verbotene Liebe portrayed by actor Sven Koller from September 11, 2008 to June 15, 2010.
The role was recast with Vanessa Marano, who took over soon after and portrayed the role for two years until January 2010.
He was portrayed by James Scott from July 9, 2007 to September 28, 2007.
She debuted in the penultimate episode of the seventh season and remained in the series until the final episode in 1993.
In July 2008, McNaught took the decision to cut her contract short and Sienna departed on 3 October 2008.
Her notable storylines have included a cancer scare, surviving a plane crash and being jilted at the altar on her wedding day.
It was on one of these trips that she met Fletch's cell-mate Godber.
Hayley Vaughan is a fictional character from the American ABC soap opera, All My Children.
Josephine Madonna Stiles is a fictional character from the British ITV soap opera, Emmerdale, played by Roxanne Pallett.
With the majority of new cast members already introduced in Series Eight, Science Teacher Sue Lowsley completes the main cast in episode one.
Smith permanently returned to the role in late July 2016.
Izzy is the daughter of Rosie Hoyland and sister to Max Hoyland.
Talent manager Melody Jones arrived in June and Charlie Cassidy followed in July.
While Rebecca was still 17, she got pregnant with Digger's child, and they married shortly afterwards.
Soraya serves as a prominent antagonist and is characterized by violence, jealousy and emotional instability.
Jaime Lyn Bauer assumed the role on November 12, 1993, and remained until July 7, 1999.
He made his debut screen appearance during the show's first episode broadcast on 18 March 1985.
She appeared until 1989 and briefly appeared in 1993.
Since then five more series of eight episodes each have aired year-on-year, along with an annual Christmas special broadcast every Christmas Day since 2012.
In 2010, Sheri Anderson began writing books about off-screen characters from the soap.
However, her agent persuaded her to go and she won the role of Shauna.
His return aired on 12 May 2011.
The character was subsequently killed-off in a special block of episodes branded by the media as "fire week".
In January 2017, it was announced that Warrington had reprised her role, and Sindi returned on 7 February.
Daniel Robinson is a fictional character from the Australian soap opera Neighbours, played by Tim Phillipps.
She left the show temporarily on 25 December 2009 for maternity leave and returned for one episode on 23 June 2010.
Ciaran has been characterised as a ladies' man and a charmer.
The family became a more permanent fixture with the arrival of patriarch Doug Willis and his wife Pam, who moved onto Ramsay Street the following year.
He convinces her to give Ian another chance, as he says that he can be her mate, but Ian is her soulmate.
Alex Delpy and Dale Madden appeared in August.
Her mother, Cindy Beale, dies in labour with her.
Amy has received mixed reviews from critics.
He came to Erinsborough to meet his father and to ask for money to pay for his mother's funeral.
Her makeover has been well documented by critics and holds a place in popular culture, where she is often referred to in cases of extreme makeovers.
The character returned in May 2003 played by Kyle Brandt.
Betty was perhaps best known for her habit of gossiping about the residents of the village, her love of sherry and her relationship with Seth Armstrong.
Kelly appears prominently in a majority of the shows which compose the Beverly Hills, 90210 franchise.
Stephanie's lung cancer diagnosis played a central role in the series, and the character died of the disease November 26, 2012.
He made his first screen appearance on 10 September 1991.
She made her final screen appearance on 21 March 2012 after being unintentionally killed by Ben Mitchell.
She debuted on-screen during the episode airing on 22 December 2005.
Joanna Parrish was a fictional character on the Australian police series Blue Heelers.
Other storylines for Kyle have seen him blackmailed by a corrupt police officer and temporarily damaging his eyesight by looking at the sun during an eclipse.
Kirsty Soames is a fictional character from the British ITV soap opera, Coronation Street, played by Natalie Gumede.
Faye Windass is a fictional character from the British ITV soap opera, Coronation Street, portrayed by Ellie Leach.
Zoe thinks she killed Den, after the three confront him in The Queen Victoria, but it is later found that Chrissie killed him.
The role was originated by Hillary B. Smith in September 1992, and she remained on the show through the original television finale on January 13, 2012.
She was portrayed by Alison Arngrim in the NBC television show Little House on the Prairie, where her role is much expanded.
Dallas, played by actress Barbara Stock from 1990 to 1991.
Greg came second, with 35.2% of the vote.
The following is a list of characters that first appeared in the ITV soap opera Coronation Street in 1998, by order of first appearance.
Some critics described her final storylines as "upsetting" and "surprising".
Ste has been at the centre of several storylines including joyriding, domestic abuse, a baby kidnapping plot, drug dealing, HIV and a gay relationship.
Mackenzie auditioned for the role of Bailey and a week after attending a second call back, he learned that he had been cast in the show.
Hailed by Soap Opera Digest as the "Best New Male Character" in 1996, Nikolas's arrival immediately implodes the happy life of supercouple Luke and Laura.
Nicole felt she was too young and unable to offer a child stability, so she agreed to let Marilyn Chambers adopt the baby upon its birth.
When Sky was reintroduced on 13 August 2003, Stephanie McIntosh took over the role.
In 2010, Hollyoaks series producer, Paul Marquess, embarked on the show's rejuvenation and axed a number of cast members.
He admitted that he initially found filming difficult, as he was not sure what he was doing.
At the same time, Nathan's pairing with Maxie becomes a fan favorite pairing and their "slow burn" romance was praised by critics.
", used when ejecting people from The Queen Victoria, of which she is the landlady.
Beverly is a doctor and was Jim Robinson's second wife.
She received an Emmy Nomination for the role in 1995.
She made her first on-screen appearance on 23 April 2010.
Dawson has received numerous awards and nominations for his portrayal of Darren.
Scott Baldwin is a fictional character from the ABC soap opera General Hospital and its now-defunct spinoff Port Charles.
Imogen is the daughter of Karen and Rob Hollins and the sister of Jack Hollins.
Kimberly "Kim" von Lahnstein is a fictional character of the German soap opera Verbotene Liebe.
Leo du Pres and Greenlee Smythe du Pres are fictional characters and a supercouple from the American daytime drama All My Children.
It is also broadcast in the United States on the PBS network, with the first series starting on September 30, 2012.
Sarah Sugden is a fictional character in the British ITV soap opera, Emmerdale.
Dan becomes a teacher at Erinsborough High and shares a house with fellow teacher, Tess Bell.
She fell in love with agent Dane Taylor and married him.
When Steve decided to move the limo, Tim shouted at Steve and told him not to give into Michaelson.
He departed on 24 December 2015, but was killed off-screen in the next episode.
He made his first on-screen appearance on 5 June 2002.
However, TV Source Magazine specifically praised the writing for Kiki's downward spiral after her father's murder and her mother's recent betrayal with Morgan.
The character was portrayed by many child actors and actresses since Hope's birth in 2002, most notably Rachel and Amanda Pace.
Following the announcement that Womack would be leaving the series, Simons' departure was also announced.
Matt was killed off as part of a storyline that highlighted the dangers of texting while driving.
Stella Mann is a fictional character on the German soap opera Verbotene Liebe.
However, after Larry Bryggman returned to the show on August 27, 2010, Bob Hughes mentioned that Dixon had been at Johns Hopkins.
The character first appeared on-screen in September 2006 and left in August 2010 after McCarthy quit the show.
Tyler eventually realised that he was in too deep and made a confession to Mark, which resulted in his arrest.
In the episode broadcast on 19 February 2015, the character made a surprise return to the serial, despite being presumed dead.
After a brief relationship with Shane Ramsay and two engagements, Daphne married Des in July 1986.
He currently lives with Craig Montgomery and Rosanna Cabot in Oakdale, Illinois.
Ruth Martha "Roo" Stewart is a fictional character from the Australian soap opera Home and Away, played by Justine Clarke from 1988 to 1989.
Neighbours is an Australian television soap opera that was first broadcast on 18 March 1985.
She received two Daytime Emmy nominations in 2005 and 2006 for "Outstanding Younger Actress" and "Outstanding Supporting Actress" respectively.
Karen was created by producer Jane Macnaught as a recurring character and one of the factory girls.
One of the character's earliest storylines saw him becoming caught up in Karl and Susan Kennedy's marital problems, while treating their friend, Jim Dolan.
Nellie Ellis is a fictional character from the BBC soap opera EastEnders, played by Elizabeth Kelly.
He was last seen on 27 December 2006 as a dead body in a morgue.
In one Ric faces a murder charge for a crime he did not commit.
Jacqueline "Jackie" Dobbs is a fictional character from the British ITV soap opera, Coronation Street, played by Margi Clarke.
The following is a list of characters first appearing in the BBC soap opera EastEnders in 1988, by order of first appearance.
She first arrived in Charnham in 2004.
In May 2013, show bosses announced that Womack would return to EastEnders as Ronnie for six months.
The character was initially played by Benjamin Mitchell, before Scott Michaelson took over the role two years later.
Home and Away is an Australian television soap opera.
March saw the arrivals of Nicholas Atkins and Drew Kirk, while Joel Samuels and Veronica Olenski made their debuts in May.
Oliver Sabel is a popular fictional character in the German soap opera Verbotene Liebe.
Cyrus Foley is a fictional character from the CBS soap opera Guiding Light, portrayed by Murray Bartlett.
Derbyshire announced in November 2015 that she would be taking a break from the show, with her last scenes airing on 1 January 2016.
She first appeared on 19 December 2013 and her casting was announced alongside her on-screen partner, Mick Carter.
But Gabriella doesn't want to get back together with Daniel.
Grace had been played by Dana Sparks from 1999–2004 and 2006–2007.
Shortly before he arrived on-screen, Blyth described John as being "a very charismatic and modern farmer."
Alec sued for custody which left a hurt and confused Jamal looking to score heroin from a shifty drug dealer.
The following is a list of characters that first appeared in the BBC soap opera EastEnders in 2003, by order of first appearance.
Thornton called his character a "proper bloke", who was quite moral.
The character was introduced in episode 6947, broadcast in the United Kingdom on 14 November 2008.
Although he changed producer Lucy Allan wanted him to revert.
The character has since become iconic after leaving in 1995.
In April 2010, it was revealed that Robbie had told producers she would like to leave when her contract expired at the end of the year.
After Charity and Cain's relationship broke down, she went on to marry Jai.
The following section comprises former, current and future secondary characters that have appeared on the show, by order of first appearance.
Matthew was not killed off in the serial and producers at the time suggested that the door had been left open for a possible return.
Barnabas is a 175-year-old vampire in search of fresh blood and his lost love, Josette.
Marcie Walsh McBain is a fictional character on the ABC soap opera, One Life to Live.
This is a list of characters in the drama/murder mystery television show, Diagnosis: Murder, which ran from 1993 to 2001.
During the six-year gap between Reinholt and Canary, Steve was presumed dead in a helicopter crash in Australia.
Robert Ford is Commonly known By his last name Ford is a fictional character from the ABC original soap opera One Life to Live.
He is played by Daniel Hendler, both as an adult and, in flashbacks, as a teenager.
Diane is a little bit over the top, but Fletcher hoped that she would be quite likeable.
The character was written out in September 2011 and departed on 6 October 2011.
Jodie Gold is a fictional character from the BBC soap opera EastEnders, played by Kylie Babbington.
Gary Windass is a fictional character from the British ITV soap opera, Coronation Street.
For her work as Sue Ellen, Gray was nominated for a Primetime Emmy Award in the category "Best Actress in a Drama Series" in 1981.
The following is a list of characters who first appeared in the BBC soap opera Doctors in 2009, by order of first appearance.
December saw the introductions of Stuart Parker and Elly Conway and the year's first birth; Ben Kirk.
Cassidy took maternity leave in 2016 and Sonia left on 20 September 2016 for her dream job in Kettering.
Phoebe and Kyle's relationship was tested by the appearance of his "dark side", Mark Nicholson's attempts to break them up and a marriage proposal.
Dominique Deveraux is a fictional character on the ABC prime time soap opera Dynasty and its spin-off, The Colbys.
Initially portrayed by various child actors including Robbie Tucker, the character was rapidly aged to a teenager in 2012, with Max Ehrich assuming the role.
Ansgar finds out that Meike is Tanja's sister and wants to win her for his side, when the custody battle comes up.
Sabrina is very close with Patrick's daughter Emma, who also clashes with Britt.
She first appeared in 1992 as the infant daughter of Brooke Logan and Eric Forrester.
Introduced in 1992 by Leonard Lewis, the character was incorporated gradually and brought back as a regular following a brief stint due to a popular reception.
The serial created a backstory consisting of a mother who abandoned him and an alcoholic father.
He was named Favourite Newcomer at the 2014 Soap Extra Awards.
Danielle was affected by SORAS, being aged several years after her supposed conception in 2002.
He later left the series again on June 13, 2014.
William Makepeace and his grandson, Seb arrived in February.
The two start to date but break up following Chris' treatment of her illness.
He had funded Steve's rock opera, when her mother refused to help Liza, on legal advice.
Sophie Lauren Webster is a fictional character from the British ITV soap opera, Coronation Street.
She also garnered other nominations in awards ceremonies oriented to magazines.
In December 2007, in an interview with The Daily Telegraph, Baron Cohen announced that Ali G, along with Borat, had been retired.
But she soon has to realizes that Jan and Julia share more than a sibling bond.
Her return was filmed in Ironbridge, Shropshire, as part of the serial's first ever overseas location filming.
Elizabeth "Beth" Brennan is a fictional character from the Australian soap opera Neighbours, played by Natalie Imbruglia.
He made his first on screen appearance during the episode airing on 10 November 2003.
She was diagnosed with skin cancer and later used her condition to get revenge on Les after he had an affair.
He was introduced as a new homosexual character for the show, following the popularity of Coronation Street's Sean Tully.
Todd was a college student and fraternity brother to Kevin Buchanan, Zach Rosen, and Powell Lord.
Clifton vacated the role in 2007 and Dillon was written out of the series making brief returns last appearing for Georgie's funeral in 2007.
Bell, the character appeared as a child for her first five-year period.
All characters were introduced by either Morag Bain or Nicholas Prosser, the show's series producers.
She is also characterised by her complex backstory which has resulted in her "messed up" persona.
In July, he introduced two members of the long-established Mitchell family, Archie Mitchell and Danielle Jones.
Gaby takes flying lessons and she falls for her instructor, Jack Flynn.
Beth Raines is a fictional character from the long-running American soap opera, Guiding Light.
Cliff is the son of Willard "Digger" Barnes and Rebecca Barnes, the brother of Pamela Barnes Ewing and the half-brother of Katherine Wentworth.
She made her first on-screen appearance on 25 August 1994.
In December 2013, it was announced that Glockner was to leave Neighbours and Mason departed on 28 February 2014.
He made his first on screen appearance on 18 March 1985, the show's first episode.
He could have had a career as a professional footballer, but Michie opined that Karl is too keen on "the wine, women and song".
The character is arrested for attempted rape with his final scenes set in court airing on 4 and 5 February 2016.
McNair made two brief returns in 2002 and 2004 and a year later he reprised his role for the show' 20th anniversary.
The actor's casting was announced in December 2011.
Mr. Edwards is a fictional character that appeared in the Little House series of autobiographical children's novels written by Laura Ingalls Wilder.
Casey made her first on-screen appearance on 10 July 1996 and departed on 14 November 1997.
Described as "crazy", "evil" and a "whack job", Longoria said the character was a challenge to portray.
Forsythe returned for the 1991 miniseries, Dynasty: The Reunion.
David Karakai began appearing as Marc Lambert from February and his mother Chloe Lambert arrived in April.
In February 2005 it was announced that Silva would be reprising her role and she returned in June 2005.
In January 1999, it was announced that Charles had decided to quit Neighbours to move to London with her then fiancé.
She made her first screen appearance during the episode broadcast on 20 June 2001.
Her funeral was on 13 January 2012.
Dawn Woods is a fictional character from the British ITV soap opera, Emmerdale, played by Julia Mallam.
He first appeared on-screen during the episode broadcast on 30 August 2006.
The role was rewritten for her and she joined the cast.
Orson Hodge is a fictional character on the ABC television series Desperate Housewives.
He departed in September 1991, but returned five years later in October 1996.
The character was portrayed by actress Diana Frank from January 15, 2008 to January 5, 2009.
He is a charismatic street dancer, who uses his talent to escape from his criminal past.
Elizabeth "Betty" Williams is a fictional character from the ITV soap opera, Coronation Street, portrayed by former music hall star Betty Driver.
Brent felt that the role had given her good training, though decided to leave the serial after four years.
Celestine makes a further guest appearance in 1993, while Etta makes a guest appearance in 1994, both visiting remaining members of the Tavernier family.
Harry departed on 11 June 2010 after accepting a Basketball scholarship in Sydney.
Julie is the last remaining character from the pilot, and Hayes the earliest-appearing actor to currently appear on the serial.
Arlene Vaughan is a fictional character from the ABC soap opera All My Children.
Quickly getting a job at Shortland Street Hospital as a nurse, it was not long before Maia's family arrived on the show, establishing a family unit.
Max lived at number 24 with his wife, Maria and their sons, Shane and Danny.
The character was born on-screen during the episode dated October 16, 1984, and her birth date was later SORASed to October 16, 1977.
The latter rarely goes well as they face problems such as Hannah's Paralysis, her infidelity and Andy's temper.
The character was introduced by Julia Haacke on June 5, 1997.
Brett Stark is a fictional character from the Australian soap opera Neighbours, played by Brett Blewitt.
Glen Donnelly is a fictional character from the Australian soap opera Neighbours, played by Richard Huggett.
John Black and Marlena Evans are fictional characters and a supercouple from the American daytime drama Days of Our Lives.
Aidan Foster is a fictional character from the Australian soap opera Neighbours, played by Bobby Morley.
AJ is an extension to the established Masood family, the younger brother of established character Masood Ahmed.
Within the series, Edie was one of several residents of the fictitious Wisteria Lane; she lived at 4362 Wisteria Lane in Fairview, Eagle State.
Zac was introduced as Natalie Davison's former boyfriend.
Elmaloglou said she admired Terese and that while they shared some similarities, but they did not have much in common.
Casey Robert Hughes is a fictional character on the soap opera As the World Turns.
Lewis Davenport was a fictional character in UK soap opera Family Affairs, played by Sam Stockman from 2002 until 2004.
Branson's first stint ended in February 2011, but he returned shortly after that in August before leaving again in February 2012.
Peggy is fiercely protective of her family and the Mitchell name, and has become famous for her catchphrase "Get outta my pub!
Scheduled to premiere in May, with Roger Howarth returning with her, she premiered on the series on May 9, 2012, last appearing December 3, 2012.
Paul has had five marriages and countless affairs, which has gained him notoriety as a womaniser.
Henrietta Brown arrived in February, while Christy Clarke began appearing from March.
He was portrayed by Andrew Binns and was part of the original core cast.
Diane's second round of IVF fails and she breaks down, subsequently stealing a baby boy from the hospital.
Though she felt guilty, as she loved her husband.
On 11 August 2015, the official Coronation Street Twitter page announced that Matthews would be reprising her role as Jenny on 27 January 2016.
Aden Jefferies is a fictional character from the Australian Channel Seven soap opera Home and Away, played by Todd Lasance.
The 22nd season of Neighbours began airing on 9 January 2006.
Martin was played by Richard Steinmetz from May 14, 2004 – October 3, 2006; William Bumiller played the role in flashbacks from 1999–2000.
David "Dave" Colburn is a fictional character from the British Channel 4 soap opera, Hollyoaks, played by Elliot James Langridge.
She is also the grandmother of the late Justus Ward, Keesha Ward and the great-grandmother of Maya Ward.
He is struggling to come to terms with the new reality he faces and his own faith.
The character departed Home and Away on 18 April 2013, following Todd's decision to leave.
While he is in the country, Eddie sets up and runs a food stall.
Ajay is married to Priya, the principal of the local high school.
The actress was a fan of the serial, before she successfully auditioned for the role of Rani.
Colleen has been portrayed as the serial's "local gossip", a role that been well received by certain critics.
Drew Donovan is a fictional character from the soap opera Days of Our Lives.
Jack Snyder is a character on the American soap opera As the World Turns.
The character departed the show on 28 February 1990 following her decision to quit in 1989.
Ricky returned to EastEnders on 20 June 2012 for the wedding of his sister, Janine, before departing for the final time on 29 June 2012.
He is largely semi-regular during the latter part of his stint, and is not featured again after December 1997.
Tabitha Lenox is a fictional character and one of the main antagonists from the NBC/DirecTV daytime drama Passions.
Warren's long-lost son Joel Dexter was introduced in November 2011.
His storylines have focused on his addiction to drugs and many relationships.
But Marquess had played Lance as a "reaction" to gay characters from EastEnders who he believed only talked about their sexuality and suffered homophobia.
Holden's introduction immediately involved his romance and struggles with future wife Lily Walsh Snyder.
The couple's marriage lasted for over ten years, which is considered a rarity in the soap opera genre.
He is portrayed by the Welsh actor Matthew Rhys.
Matilda Harriet Jane "Mattie" Hunter is a fictional character from the Australian soap opera Home and Away, played by Indiana Evans.
Angie also appeared on Loving and The City.
Sue Ellen is portrayed by actress Linda Gray and has appeared on the show since its pilot episode, first broadcast on April 2, 1978.
He made his first screen appearance during the episode broadcast on 21 January 1986.
Thompson was nominated in the "Newcomer" category at the 2013 National Television Awards.
Simons took a temporary hiatus in 2015, with Roxy off screen from 1 January  until 4 May 2016.
Greg Evans is a fictional character from the ABC soap opera One Life to Live.
Neval explained that Lana's sexuality did not bother her, but she hoped her story would not be told in a sensationalist or distasteful way.
In his later years, Jack was more commonly known as the landlord of the show's pub, The Dog in the Pond.
Piccilliri quit Home and Away in 1999 and departed on 5 April 2000.
Steve was born in 1977, the character has appeared briefly in three different storylines, played each time by a different actor.
Her first appearance is in the episode first broadcast in the United Kingdom on 16 December 2004.
Layla Williamson is a fictional character on the American daytime soap opera One Life to Live.
Julia and Clarissa hold back informations about Tim's death and eventually confessing that Tim committed suicide.
In July 2010, Spears was released from his contract with the show.
He remained in the show until the character was killed-off in the episode which aired on 1 November 2002.
Rosemary Daniels is a fictional character from the Australian Network Ten soap opera Neighbours, played by Joy Chambers.
He joined the cast of Blue Heelers in 2005 after the farwell of Sergeant Mark Jacobs.
Donna Logan is a fictional character from the CBS soap opera The Bold and the Beautiful.
He first appeared on-screen during the soap's first episode broadcast 16 October 1972 and remained in the programme until 1983.
Joanie Wright made her first appearance in August.
The character was created and introduced to Neighbours along with his family, as part of a major overhaul of the show's cast.
She made her final appearance on 24 November 2010.
They are later joined by daughter Nancy Carter, son Lee Carter and other members of the extended family.
Kim kisses Ricky Butcher, sparking a brief feud with his wife, Bianca.
Lachman left Neighbours in 2006 and Katya's last appearance was broadcast on 7 February 2007.
Collins' casting was announced in April 2011 and she began filming her scenes in May.
Sierra Estaban is a fictional character on CBS's daytime drama As the World Turns.
Her relationship with Aidan Brosnan was one of the prominent storylines featured in 1993.
Cristian Vega is a fictional character on the American daytime drama One Life to Live.
The character was axed in September 2013 by new executive producer Dominic Treadwell-Collins, and Poppy departed on 30 January 2014.
Mond was replaced by Brianna Brown in early 2010.
Max Cunningham is a fictional character from the British Channel 4 soap opera Hollyoaks, played by Matt Littler.
Her uncle then confesses to molesting her 15 years ago and is arrested.
He departed from EastEnders on 13 January 2011.
A writer for the Daily Mirror branded Alex a womaniser and said he was arrogant and self-centred.
Loretta has been positively received by the media for her appearance and has been dubbed a "blond bombshell".
Jules Tavernier appeared in more than 150 episodes over his seven-year tenure.
Behnke left the show after only a few months and last appeared on November 6, 1995.
He made his debut appearance on 20 January 2011.
Darryl Neilson is a fictional character on the New Zealand soap opera Shortland Street.
Danny Lomax and DS Trent made their first appearances in July, while Fraser Black, Chloe and Sam Lomax began appearing from August.
Frank and Bobby then start a relationship and soon marry; but both Papps and Dickson felt that their characters were too young.
Her birth was kept secret, following Ian's arrangements for Mariah to be stolen at birth, and acted as a father figure to her for years.
The Karims are a fictional family that appear in the BBC soap opera EastEnders between 1987 and 1990.
This led to Adam Chandler leaving Pine Valley permanently in April 2010, to be with former wife Brooke English.
He returned to the show on 24 October 2005 and then left the series on 9 June 2006.
The character is the son of wealthy businessman, Alan Spaulding, and his former wife, Hope Bauer.
The character made his last television appearance in 1997, when he appeared in the Knots Landing reunion series Knots Landing: Back to the Cul-de-Sac.
New characters were introduced by Bryan Kirkwood, executive producer.
Another notable storyline for Charlie saw her reveal that her supposed sister, Ruby, was in fact her daughter.
She made her first screen appearance during the episode broadcast on 10 May 1999.
Darren "Daz" Eden is a fictional character from the British ITV soap opera, Emmerdale, portrayed by Luke Tittensor until April 2009.
She often meddles in her family's business, believing she knows what is best for them.
The distant cousin of original characters Larry, Anna, and Vince Wolek, Jenny debuted June 1975, appearing continually until May 1986.
Fenmore has also developed a "dark side", coinciding with teenage angst.
Sophia Capwell is a fictional character from the American soap opera Santa Barbara.
His last appearance to date was on 29 December 2011.
Dennis Rickman is a fictional character from the BBC soap opera EastEnders, played by Nigel Harman.
Portrayed by Kristolyn Lloyd, the character was introduced by head writer Bradley Bell on October 7, 2010.
Solomon "Sol" Levi is a fictional character from EastEnders: E20, an Internet spin-off off the BBC soap opera EastEnders, played by Tosin Cole.
Kimberley Harmony Angelica "Kim" Fox-Hubbard is a fictional character from the BBC soap opera EastEnders, played by Tameka Empson.
April saw the birth of Olivia Fraser-Richards.
He re-appeared on December 12 and 13, 2011, when Viki returned to Paris, Texas.
Alistair "Ali" Taylor is a fictional character from the British Channel 4 soap opera, Hollyoaks, played by Luti Fagbenle.
She is the fifth longest character behind Tom, Chris, PJ and Ben
All characters were introduced by the serial's executive producer Lucy Addario.
He departed again on 9 June, although his voice is heard via a phone call on 12 June.
Christos "Chris" Pappas is a fictional character from the Australian soap opera Neighbours, played by James Mason.
She was portrayed by Karen Drury from 1991 until the character's death in 2000.
Morgan is the only biological child of Sonny and Carly Corinthos.
Many were introduced by the show's executive producer, Matthew Robinson.
He made his first screen appearance during the episode broadcast on 9 July 2012.
Jack is characterised as a "bad boy" and a "wild child" and Amalm enjoyed playing the role of the "baddie".
In the continuation series, the role is portrayed by Jesse Metcalfe.
Vinnie first arrived on 25 November 2003, leaving the show on 23 February 2006.
She won the 2012 Tato Award for her work as the character, as well as a nomination for the Martín Fierro Awards.
She made her first screen appearance on 21 June 2011.
Edna died off-screen on 3 May 2016 after it was reported in December 2015 that the actress had died of cancer aged 74.
Taylor made her first appearance as Anne on 4 September 2011.
Hara has described his character as "extremely unpredictable" and very protective of his brother.
Mitchell McMahon took over the role temporarily when producers decided that Mitch needed to remain part of a "big storyline".
Brett Dean Craig is a fictional character on the Australian comedy television series, Kath & Kim.
Tiffany "Lochy" McLachlan is a fictional character from the Australian soap opera Neighbours, played by Amber Kilpatrick.
He initially expresses resentment towards fame and is hesitant to be in the limelight, but he gradually embraces it once Cookie begins to manage his career.
The character was introduced by executive producer John Yorke, in 2001.
Waring confirmed on her Twitter page at the beginning of December that she had received scripts for her return to the show.
Dylan is the older brother of Stingray, Janae and Bree Timmins.
She even flashes back to Tim kidnapping her all those years ago.
She debuted on-screen during the episode airing on 26 July 1993.
Adam Morgan is a fictional character from the British Channel 4 soap opera, Hollyoaks, played by David Brown.
He dated his neighbour, Lucy Robinson, and then fell in love with Beth Brennan.
Miranda Parker is a fictional character from the Australian soap opera Neighbours, played by Nikki Coghill.
McNaught was cast in the role to help boost falling ratings in Australia.
Jake Martin is a fictional character on the long-running American daytime drama, All My Children.
The character arrived as part of the Warrington/Scott family and has been labeled a "serial adulterer" due to her many affairs.
In May 2011, it was announced the producers had decided not to renew Quin-Ankrah's contract.
The actress said working on the show is practical as she does not have to relocate.
She sported a short haircut and bright clothing, which made her stand out from the other female characters on television at the time.
Glen was introduced as the secret son of series regular Jim Robinson.
Under head writer, Robert Guza, Lucas is very close with his adoptive cousins, Maxie and Georgie Jones.
Judy Brownlee is a fictional character on the New Zealand soap opera Shortland Street who was portrayed by Donogh Rees for 5 years from early 2001.
The following month Craig McLachlan and Julian McMahon took on the respective roles of school teacher Grant Mitchell and soldier Ben Lucini.
Leah Helena Adara Patterson is a fictional character from the Australian soap opera Home and Away, played by Ada Nicodemou.
Vinson has received one Logie Award nomination for her portrayal of Cassie.
In late 2012, Priya began an affair with Paul Robinson, a man who she initially struggled to get along with.
She has been played by Ewa Da Cruz from June 16, 2006 to July 19, 2006 and from October 26, 2006 to July 19, 2010.
Celeste Perrault is a fictional character on soap Days of Our Lives.
In 2005, Cowden reprised her role for Neighbours' 20th anniversary celebrations.
Katie Heannau was the first actress to the character.
The following is a list of characters that first appeared in the British soap opera Emmerdale in 1994, by order of first appearance.
She also made a guest appearance on The Young and the Restless on February 22, 2007.
Michael's sister-in-law, Emilia Jovanovic, was introduced to the show and it was revealed that she and Michael were having an affair when Natasha's mother drowned.
La Castra created the character for himself after he was told that casting him the soap would be difficult due to his ethnic background.
He debuted on-screen in the episode airing on 2 November 2009.
Ailsa Stewart is a fictional character from the Australian soap opera Home and Away.
He departed in June 2003, but made returns in 2004 and 2005.
The role was recast with Ryan Carnes in 2004.
Peter "Pete" Beale is a fictional character from the BBC soap opera EastEnders, played by Peter Dean.
However, since the 6th season, Julie's personality has changed quite a bit, with her saying she was no longer the "perfect" daughter.
Meldrew is a foil for the bothersome aspects of children, cars, animals, power cuts and next-door neighbours.
She led the way for all those girls."
He was also diagnosed with Alzheimer's disease.
He was introduced as the brother of Spencer Harrington.
She competed with five other actresses for the part, but she believed that she was meant to get the role as Naomi is her middle name.
Tanya returned in February 2015 for two episodes as part of the show's 30th anniversary celebrations.
The character remained in the serial until 2004, when executive producer Louise Berridge decided that her storylines had come to a natural end.
Libby returned in April 2014 for Lucy Beale's funeral.
The actor departed in 2000, but returned for in 2002 and departed once again on 26 July 2005.
Julian Andrew Baker is a fictional character on the CW television series One Tree Hill, portrayed by Austin Nichols.
Coronation Street is a British television soap opera/serial, initially produced by Granada Television.
She made her first screen appearance during the episode broadcast on 1 February 1989.
Despite this occupation Loretta has been portrayed out of conjunction with the blonde stereotype.
In June 2014, it was revealed that Dylan's biological father is Nikki's childhood friend, and chief of police, Paul Williams.
Call the Midwife achieved very high ratings in its first series, making it the most successful new drama series on BBC One since 2001.
She has a long-standing rivalry with her sister Sami Brady; Sami has routinely tried to steal Austin from Carrie.
Chad Harris-Crane is a fictional character on the American soap opera Passions, which aired on NBC from 1999 to 2007 and on DirecTV in 2007–08.
Womack returned on screen for two three-month-long stints, from 9 September 2013 to 1 January 2014 and from 3 March to 23 June 2014.
Lola made her first appearance on 12 July 2011.
Louis "Lou" Thomas Carpenter is a fictional character from the Australian soap opera Neighbours, played by Tom Oliver.
Initially appearing in a small number of episodes, Loughnane returned to film new storylines.
She reappeared on February 26, 2010 until April 13, 2010.
Her relationship with Esther remained centric to her role in the show, but Kim's affair with Grace ruined the relationship.
She embarked on two affairs, with The Rt Hon.
Tyler had a short-lived romance with Imogen Willis, before switching his attentions to her half-sister Paige Smith.
Bobby returned to the show in the famous "shower scene" right at the end of the 1985–1986 season.
McClain's first airdate was May 2, 2008.
Sol Patrick is a fictional character from the British Channel 4 soap opera, Hollyoaks, played by Paul Danan.
All characters were introduced by the shows series producer Cameron Welsh.
Ruth Fowler is a fictional character from the popular British BBC soap opera EastEnders, played by Caroline Paterson from 1994 to 1999.
The character returned for a guest stint on 11 February 2015.
Leanne has had numerous relationships within the show.
He made his first screen appearance on 23 December 1974 and remained a regular until 1983, when Hughes opted to quit.
The following is a list of characters introduced in 2016, by order of first appearance.
The character was portrayed by actor Thomas Gumpert from 23 September 2003 to 9 January 2008.
Vincent as also been cited as expanding the representation of LGBT characters of color on daytime television.
Emma Jackson is a fictional character from the Australian soap opera Home and Away, played by Dannii Minogue.
Cody was last seen on-screen on 29 March 1996, following her death.
She was then portrayed by Jennifer Roszell from March 6, 1995 to September 22, 1999.
Created by writer Tony Warren, Coronation Street first broadcast on ITV on 9 December 1960.
Collins explained that Stella has decided that it is time to make herself known to Leanne.
Christina marries Paul Robinson and gives birth to their son, Andrew.
Vroom later returned to the soap in 2000 on a guest contract.
Nicholas Jasper "Nick" Parrish is a fictional character from the Australian soap opera Home and Away, played by Bruce Roberts.
The role was portrayed from February 17 to 19, 1999 by Jaime Passer.
In 2013, Casey Moss joined the cast as a rapidly aged JJ.
Jan decides to go with her and start over.
2006 was a year when many families joined EastEnders.
She escaped Statesville and returned to Llanview during the blackout on January 5, 2012 and remained until the broadcast finale January 13, 2012.
While the writing for the character's introduction was universally panned, Morgan received critical acclaim for her acting.
Billy has been described as a "runt of a man who's a catalyst for trouble".
Annie Campbell is a fictional character from the Australian soap opera Home and Away, played by Charlotte Best.
Elijah arrives in Summer Bay as a new Reverend posted at the local church.
Other storylines for the character have seen her open her own garden nursery, suffer marital difficulties, be targeted by a stalker and become Mayor of Erinsborough.
Jamie Vernon first appeared in October, while Alex Chavez and Mason Wilder were introduced in December.
Billy Warlock took over the role on August 27, 2010 and left on October 8, 2010.
Lapinskas quit the show in May 2012.
André DiMera is a fictional character from the original NBC Daytime soap opera, Days of Our Lives.
Ashley was a victim of the tram crash and died as part of the show's 50th birthday in December 2010.
Sursok won the Most Popular New Female Talent Logie Award in 2001 for her portrayal of Dani.
She made a cameo appearance on 5 April.
Rather than incorporate Bellwood's pregnancy during the 1985–86 season into the character's storyline, her appearances were filmed in such a way as to conceal her condition.
Richard "Rick" Peterson is a fictional character from the BBC soap opera EastEnders, played by Cliff Parisi.
Magasiva quit the role in 2006 and the character was written out when he accidentally impregnated tourist girlfriend – Jemima Hampton.
She left the show again on 20 March 2013.
Daniel "Dan" Sullivan is a fictional character from the BBC soap opera EastEnders, played by Craig Fairbrass.
The character departed on 23 July 2006, while Charles was suspended from work.
Upon arriving in Erinsborough, Drew found employment at the local garage.
May Wright is a fictional character from the BBC soap opera EastEnders.
Christian returned on 26 May 2016 and departed again on 30 May.
Vincent as also been cited as expanding the representation of LGBT characters of color on daytime television.
The character returned in a more central role for the shows 20th anniversary in 2012.
Captain Tyler McCandless is a fictional character on the American primetime soap opera Capitol.
Gabi is of Latin descent, and Banus has expressed her pride to represent the Hispanic community through her portrayal.
Their loving but antagonistic relationship is regarded as one of the greatest romances in American daytime television.
Four actors have regularly portrayed the character, the most recent being Michael Dempsey from November 2005 to May 2007.
He returned to play his character in the final episode as a part of Meg's dream.
McLachlan had previously appeared on rival soap opera Neighbours playing Henry Ramsay.
The character was killed-off in a car accident in October 1997, as part of the show's anniversary celebrations.
Jonathan Randall is a fictional character on the television soap opera Guiding Light.
One of EastEnders' most popular and highly rated storylines was Sharongate, where Grant discovers that his wife Sharon has been having an affair with his brother.
Elizabeth Hubbard played the role from April 1984 until the show's final episode on September 17, 2010.
David Jones-Roberts began appearing as Xavier Austin in November.
Outhwaite proved popular in the role and won multiple awards for her portrayal as Mel.
The following is a list of characters that first appeared in 1999, by order of first appearance.
The Emmerdale website has described the character by saying "Declan is a shrewd businessman who knows exactly what he wants and how to get it.
Devon is introduced as a homeless teenager when he is fostered by the Winters family, the core African-American characters within the series.
Hampele decided to leave the show in 2015 to pursue new acting opportunities, and Georgia made her departure in the same month.
A reformed alcoholic and respected physician, she is a beloved character.
From December, Gemma Pranita began appearing as established character Sonya Mitchell's younger sister, Jade.
Two new members of the Bishop family arrived in October, Liljana and her daughter, Serena.
In February 2011, McGregor announced his departure from Neighbours, so he could pursue modelling opportunities in Europe.
Nancy Wesley is a fictional character from the American NBC soap opera Days of Our Lives, played by Patrika Darbo.
Anna Green is a fictional character on the long-running Channel 4 British television soap opera Hollyoaks, played by actress Lisa M. Kay between 1999 and 2002.
Donnelley left the role two years later; returning briefly in 1986 before returning to the role fully in 1996.
Wolf was lead cast in season 1, 2, 4 a guest role in season 3 and a guest appearance in season 5.
Other storylines included her ongoing on-off relationship with ex-girlfriend Charlotte Lau and continued feuds with Archie and Zoe Carpenter.
The following is a list of characters that first appeared in the New Zealand soap opera Shortland Street in 2014, by order of first appearance.
He first appeared in the series on 18 October 1994, and became EastEnders' longest-serving pet, before being killed off on 15 August 2008.
Following the end of her relationship with Ash, Phoebe was given a more mature love interest in the form of Justin Morgan.
It was first broadcast on March 26, 1973, and airs on CBS.
Gem's obsession with Georgia led her to manipulate and isolate her from her friends and fiancé.
When circumstances arise that truly make Adam sympathetic, he squanders that good will due to his selfish, jealous nature.
The two eventually become lovers, though heartbreak follows.
Her first airdate was May 17, 2011 and she played the role until the final televised episode on September 23, 2011.
The memoirs have since been expanded to include new, historically sourced material.
In late 2013, Owens departed the series and his character was written out.
A notable storyline for the character involved her becoming trapped in a storm drain and being rescued by Charlie Buckton.
Paterniti has described her as "very bold and quite pragmatic".
He made his first screen appearance during the episode broadcast on 27 March 2008.
The character made his first screen appearance on 28 August 2013.
June 2012 also saw the first birth of the year: Janine Butcher and Michael Moon's daughter, Scarlett.
Neighbours is an Australian television soap opera.
Rani begins her first relationship with Harley Canning and Cherian stated that her character had really fallen for him and wanted the "whole fairytale".
The character has since cultivated a relationship with her peer Darren Miller.
She became a novelist and screenwriter, also having marriages to David Kimble and Ryan McNeil.
Blair's versatility has attracted praise, though several publications have highlighted the implausibility of many of Carmella's storylines.
July saw the introduction of Clayton Hibbs, followed by Vinny Ashford and Sonia Rahman in August.
At that time, Mimi is not seen nor mentioned by anyone.
Matthias Brandner is a fictional character from the German soap opera Verbotene Liebe portrayed by actor and entertainer Thomas Ohrner.
All characters were introduced by the show's executive producer Stanley Walsh.
Paul Connor is a fictional character from the British ITV soap opera, Coronation Street.
The fourth series consists of twenty episodes, first broadcast from 17 January to 20 May 2009.
Phillipa "Pippa" Ross OAM is a fictional character from the Australian soap opera Home and Away.
The following is a list of characters that first appeared in the British soap opera Emmerdale Farm in 1977, by order of first appearance.
She has also been likened to celebrities because of her glamorous image.
He appeared on the show between 2003 and 2005.
She departed on 24 December 2013, after being arrested for Michael's murder.
She made her first appearance during an episode broadcast in July 2003 and left in 2004.
The scenes formed the 2014 series finale and Hannah was left with life changing injures after two of her vertebrae were crushed leaving her paralysed.
He appeared for two episodes on 19 and 20 September 2011.
For the character's first five-year period, she appeared as a minor.
Pippa is Flynn Saunders and Sally Fletcher's daughter.
She made her first screen appearance during the episode broadcast on 16 February 2003 and her last on 14 July 2006.
According to Annie Leask of The Sunday Mirror, the spin-off was a result of the characters' popularity with the viewing public.
Nikolas Cassadine is a fictional character from General Hospital, an American soap opera on the ABC network.
Collins joined the show in order to have the financial security to ensure that her daughter can go to university.
In 1992, Bregman brought the character to The Bold and the Beautiful, resulting in her migrating there fully in 1995.
He made his first on-screen appearance on 28 July 1992 and remained until 28 May 1993.
John’s romantic entanglements kept Oakdale on its toes for decades.
For years, however, Nick battled between his ongoing feelings with Sharon and Phyllis.
Kimberly "Kim" Hughes is a fictional character on the CBS soap opera As the World Turns.
gave her a breathalyser test and realised she was a cop.
February saw the debuts of Robert Cruze, Trey Palmer, Freya Duric and Joey Collins.
Adam Bryce Cooper was a fictional character in the Australian police drama series Blue Heelers.
Caitlin Atkins is a fictional character from the Australian soap opera Neighbours, played by Emily Milburn.
The role of Victoria is the mainstay original lead character of the serial, and her storylines focus on drudgery, love, and family troubles.
Although generally well received by viewers, the character was described as a "ludicrous Lady MacBeth wannabe" by Jim Shelley of the Daily Mirror.
Cast remained a regular cast member for fifteen years before asking for a contract release and departing onscreen in February 2001.
The episodes brought in huge ratings and Blampied's portrayal encouraged writers to restyle the character's exit storyline to allow a return.
It was first broadcast on the Seven Network on 17 January 1988.
Pamela Douglas is a fictional character from the CBS soap opera, The Bold and the Beautiful, portrayed by Alley Mills.
Dylan first appeared on January 29, 2013.
Instead he went into a gradual mental decline, culminating in him joining a cult.
Mehmet Osman is a fictional character from the BBC soap opera EastEnders, played by Haluk Bilginer.
It was subsequently revealed that she was the mother of his illegitimate daughter.
The plot saw Phil shot in a whodunit mystery, with the assailant eventually revealed as his former girlfriend Lisa Fowler.
Nick Levine of Digital Spy has praised his physical appearance, while Greg Hassal of The Sydney Morning Herald praised Ric's storylines.
She is played as having moments of happiness which she ruins for herself and as managing to justify "whatever she does that's bad".
On April 6, 2011, it is announced that Blakemore was put on contract with the series.
For 22 years, the role was played by actress Ann Flood.
Danny Baldwin is a fictional character from the British ITV soap opera, Coronation Street, portrayed by actor and TV presenter, Bradley Walsh.
The character was axed in 2001 as part of a large cast cull and show revamp.
Ruth began a relationship with Philip Martin, which attracted some opposition from their children.
In 2015, Ainsworth returned to the role.
Afterward, at her wedding, she is seemingly killed after being hit by a car, but reappears alive in the spin-off.
Created by writer Tony Warren, Coronation Street was first broadcast on ITV on 9 December 1960.
Initial storylines saw the clumsy Steve fall head over heels for beautiful nurse Sarah Donnelly and his subsequent depression at her death.
The following is a list of characters that first appeared in the ITV soap opera Coronation Street in 1992, by order of first appearance.
Damian Grimaldi is a fictional character on the CBS daytime drama As the World Turns.
Anne "Annie" Walker was a long-standing fictional character in the ITV soap opera Coronation Street.
Bruce Roberts began appearing as Nick Parrish in March.
Once she had evidence of the affair, she exposed it to her father.
Jackie continued to make sporadic appearances until March 2010.
Although a kind provider, Arkwright's miserly and eccentric personality makes him withdraw Granville from school and he starts helping in his uncle's shop at age eleven.
Michael "Mickey" Miller is a fictional character from the BBC soap opera EastEnders, played by Joe Swash.
He was originated by actor Brett Claywell on the episode first-run February 24, 2009, appearing on the serial through April 16, 2010.
Francis later signed a deal for her to remain with the series indefinitely.
Rob Donovan made his first appearance in July.
The storyline was implemented by producers to boost ratings and Anderson said it helped portray Charlie's vulnerable side.
She made her first appearance in the show on 26 August 1993.
In March 2016, it was revealed that Madison was among four actors who been let go from the soap.
For several years, Steffy's storyline revolved around a love triangle with Hope and Liam.
The storyline was branded controversial by media outlets and Lane found it hard to compress her emotions whilst filming the plot.
Prior to the series' premiere, Sachs and Judah would further develop Naomi into an antiheroine with a number of flaws, virtues, and familial issues.
The actor revealed that he shares some similarities with Bailey.
Mariah is also linked to cult leader Ian Ward, who has been harassing Nikki Newman.
Byrne is considered to be one of the most recognized faces of daytime television and is often called a "superstar" of soap opera history.
He made his first appearance on 5 August 2005.
In her time on the show she also discovered that she is adopted and began an on-line relationship.
Introduced in 2008, Joey was created by head writers Dena Higley and Victor Gialanella as the youngest child of supercouple, Steve "Patch" Johnson and Kayla Brady.
The couple is often referred by the portmanteau "Rali" on Internet message boards.
Since 2011, former showrunner Maria Arena Bell and subsequent head writers that followed have significantly changed the character's direction, receiving negative backlash from critics and audiences.
She was the show's central character throughout that time.
The character made her first screen appearance during the episode broadcast on 6 June 2014.
Sian Powers is a fictional character from the British ITV soap opera, Coronation Street, portrayed by Sacha Parkinson.
Two more babies were born in December, James Branning and Tommy Moon, which triggered a long-running storyline for Ronnie Mitchell and Kat Moon.
Michael is later joined by his father Eddie Moon and half brothers Tyler and Anthony.
The character remained on-screen until 9 March 1995.
Her storylines focus on drudgery, money worries and family troubles.
Lance was a bookish, paranoid boy, with a kind heart and keen wit.
The character left in 1996, but returned briefly in 2003.
Lucky Spencer is a fictional character from the ABC Daytime soap opera, General Hospital.
Ed Hall is a fictional character from the American soap opera One Life to Live, played by Al Freeman Jr.
In November 2011, it was announced that Winton would be leaving Neighbours and Michael made departed on 27 March 2012.
Caroline Alessi is a fictional character from the Australian soap opera Neighbours, played by Gillian Blakeney.
Womack left the role in 2011, with the character departing in the episode shown on 7 July 2011.
It is soon discovered that Mariah is actually Cassie's twin sister and the daughter Sharon did not know she had.
We wanted her to come on as a good person and then evolve into a vixen."
The following is a list of characters that first appeared in the New Zealand soap opera Shortland Street in 2008, by order of first appearance.
Jamie's main storylines involve his on-and-off relationship with Sonia Fowler.
He returns on 23 September 2005 where Josh tried to develop a freeway through town.
The character has also appeared in comics and other Alvin and the Chipmunks works after The Alvin Show.
However, when executive producer Diederick Santer decided to reintroduce the character for a brief stint in 2009, he opted to bring Westbrook back.
Anderson stated that the storyline was a great one to portray in terms of acting.
The network defended the show's treatment of Simone's sexuality as a serious commentary on the topic.
The actor commutes from London to Liverpool for filming.
Collins said that Stella is not a "big, bouncy barmaid" as she is more subtle.
Nora Maureen Walker is a fictional character on the ABC television series Brothers & Sisters.
Ratcliff left the role in 1989 after press stories began circulating about her private life.
She was first played by Margaret Colin, and then by Hillary B. Smith for six years.
Loprieno reprised the role opposite former longtime costar Andrea Evans September 27, 2011, last appearing in the role November 15, 2011.
Rodney Charlton "Rodders" Trotter is a fictional character in the long running BBC sitcom Only Fools and Horses, played by Nicholas Lyndhurst.
Casualty follows the professional and personal lives of the doctors, nurses, paramedics, hospital management and patients at Holby General.
Rosenow said Amber would do anything for her friends and family.
She is also portrayed as having a dysfunctional relationship with her mother, Shirley Carter.
O'Donnell began filming during the summer months.
The character was axed from the series in 1989 after producer Andrew Howie decided to focus on new characters.
The character is also known for his "sex symbol" status.
She left on 25 December 2005, and returned on 17 September 2010, to leave again in January 2012 and return on 7 June 2012.
Born reappeared again during the series finale prison break storyline on January 3, 2012.
Rosemary Venitia King is a fictional character from the British ITV soap opera, Emmerdale, played by Linda Thorson.
Finch was cast as Ruth after a successful audition.
David later disappeared without a trace when he discovered that Law enforcement across the country was looking for him.
Margaret Mary "Madge" Bishop is a fictional character from the Australian soap opera Neighbours, played by Anne Charleston.
McLachlan won three Logie Awards for his role as Henry during his time with Neighbours.
The dynamic leads to a constant struggle between Eric and Nicole, as both still seem to have strong feelings for each other.
She gains more prominence on the series as the antagonist and foil to her adoptive sister Eve Russell.
In 2009, the pair were married just before Lily was diagnosed with ovarian cancer, a storyline praised by viewers and critics.
Minogue won four Logie Awards for her portrayal of Charlene, including the Gold Logie, becoming the youngest person to do so.
Kevin Rebecchi is a fictional character from the Australian soap opera Neighbours, played by Anthony Engelman.
Natalie Felicity Barnes is a fictional character from the British ITV soap opera, Coronation Street, played by Denise Welch.
Shane Ramsay is a fictional character from the Australian Network Ten soap opera Neighbours, played by Peter O'Brien.
Kim was also used during a long-running storyline for Hollyoaks dubbed "The Gloved Hand Killer".
Edie Williams is a fictional character created by television producer and screenwriter Marc Cherry for the ABC television series Desperate Housewives.
Kay's performance in the role earned her a nomination for the Daytime Emmy Award for Outstanding Supporting Actress in a Drama Series in 2007.
Omri Katz prominently played the role in the series from 1983 until its conclusion in 1991 and the subsequent follow-up movie Dallas: J.R. Returns.
Sveen won the Logie Award for Most Popular New Talent in 2014 for her portrayal of Ricky.
Rebecca's marriage to Digger was mostly volatile due to Digger's drinking, and she described it decades later as an "awful life".
In June 2012, Porte was let go from the soap opera and his departure was slated to be a dramatic exit.
All characters are introduced by the show's executive producer Dominic Treadwell-Collins, or his successor Sean O'Connor.
Priya has been described as being both feisty and determined, while Gooneratne called her a high achiever and uptight.
The character was introduced in 2010 by series producer Paul Marquess during part of the show's overhaul, and has become one of Hollyoaks' most popular characters.
Alexandra Devane is a fictional character from the ABC daytime soap opera, All My Children.
Tug's storylines include bullying Damian Roberts, behavioural issues, a feud with Shane Parrish, relationships with Sarah Thompson and his school teacher Beth Armstrong.
Following her death, he embarked on a relationship with Paige Smith and three members of his family were introduced.
Ruby is a tearaway and "occupies herself with tormenting others" including her best friend, Esther Bloom.
The character's various relationships have been met with mixed reviews.
However, Nina realises that she loves Jack and returns from India to tell him.
Upon moving to Summer Bay, the serial implemented family links when he is revealed to be the grandson of long-standing character Alf Stewart.
The character debuted on-screen during the episode broadcast on 18 January 2012.
She also found some of Melody's material challenging to play.
She made her first appearance on 5 July 1989 and departed on 25 May 1990.
She debuted on-screen during the episode airing on 19 June 2006 as the first character to be introduced to the series by series producer, Bryan Kirkwood.
Jim made another guest return in 2014.
He was a member of the original EastEnders cast, appearing in the first episode on 19 February 1985.
Xavier has been portrayed as a caring character who has had to look after his family.
A few months later, Williams decided to leave Neighbours as he felt unfulfilled by the role.
Karen Spencer is a fictional character on the CBS soap opera, The Bold and the Beautiful.
Simone Russell is a fictional character on the American soap opera Passions, which aired on NBC from 1999 to 2007 and on DirecTV in 2007–08.
Eddie travels to Australia to visit Madge and Harold Bishop.
The family were described as being "sexy, modern and contemporary" by the show's series producer, Gavin Blyth.
The following is a list of characters that first appeared during 1994, by order of first appearance.
She was portrayed by Jessica Leccia from April 27, 2007 until September 18, 2009.
Nicholas "Nick" Smith is a fictional character in the Australian soap opera Home and Away.
She was originally credited as Ivy Tyldesley.
On 20 December 2012, it was announced that Shenton had left the show and her final scenes aired on 15 February 2013.
Michael Hogan argues that "his bumbling and stammering resemble a Hugh Grant impersonation."
Lucas was the youngest member of the Holden family.
Hood stated that his ouster came as a shock to him.
They have been product endorsers and appeared in films, notably My Bebe Love#KiligPaMore and their very first solo film Imagine You and Me.
While Podmore envisioned Renee as a feisty character, Hindle decided to play down the persona and make her likeable.
He was written out of the series in 2012 and departed on 9 January 2013.
Writers plotted a partnership and feud with Brendan Brady, which proved popular with viewers.
Diana is a highly ambitious and very driven businesswoman who works for Lassiter's International.
Tracy's ex-husband, Robert Preston, also returned with Tracy going on to briefly reunite with him.
Saleeba began filming in July and she made her first on-screen appearance on 12 October 2006.
She has a unique and quirky dress sense and likes to reinvent her outfits, not caring what other people think of her style.
The role was played by Blake Berris from November 7, 2006, to January 15, 2009.
His first appearance with his face revealed was on January 16, 1998, when Clive Robertson stepped into the role.
Lauren Branning is a fictional character from the BBC soap opera EastEnders.
Will Dempier and Daniel Robinson arrived in April, while Ethan Smith began appearing in May.
Joe Scully is a fictional character from the Australian soap opera Neighbours, played by Shane Connor.
Viewers have seen her change from a "thieving ex-con" into a vulnerable woman.
Former head writer and executive producer John F. Smith pushed for a story between the characters despite the unexpectedness and controversy surrounding them.
Bree's return in 2013 saw her be part of the Christmas cliffhanger when she murdered a man to take his money.
Ben is divorced from his wife Rachael, and has three children: Madeline, Emma and Josh.
After Ajay found out about the affair, Priya tried to fix their relationship.
He made his first appearance on 19 February 2004 and has appeared on the show ever since.
Brian Ian Francis "Biff" Fowler is a fictional character from the British ITV soap opera, Emmerdale, played by Stuart Wade from 1994 until 1999.
Dexter is the grandson of Cora Cross and son of her illegitimate daughter, Ava Hartman.
Hara relocated to Sydney to take on the role.
Howarth researched the plot intensively because she wanted to portray the disability correctly.
Donna was scripted as a troubled individual, desperate for attention, but shunned by almost all who encountered her.
Kate White of Inside Soap praised Cora and added she could watch Ann Mitchell acting "her socks off" all day long.
Cross' portrayal of Bree has been widely praised by critics and fans.
Romeo is described as being cheeky, funny and confident.
Lord Alex Oakwell is a fictional character from the British ITV soap opera, Emmerdale, played by Rupam Maxwell.
As the two develop a better relationship, Mimi gets the chance for an adventure in Africa.
An estimated 22 million viewers watched Lisa confess to Phil's attempted murder, causing the third-largest power surge on record.
In 2005, the character returned to Home and Away, played by Jodi Gordon.
Marlon has been married three times, first to Tricia Fisher, then to Donna Windsor and Laurel Thomas.
Stowers made her debut on April 30, 2013.
The character made her first appearance during the episode broadcast on 7 October 2014.
Miles' style changed in 2010 following Quong Tart's break from the show.
Freya Wilson is a fictional character in the BBC soap opera, Doctors, portrayed by Lu Corfield and made her first appearance on 11 May 2011.
is a fictional character on the NBC soap opera Days of Our Lives.
Lydia Brandner is a fictional character from the German soap opera Verbotene Liebe.
Novakovic stated that Natasha and Summer are "frenemies."
The character returned in 1970, being made a barmaid at the Rovers Return Inn.
Elvis "EJ" Aaron DiMera and Samantha "Sami" Gene Brady DiMera are fictional characters and a couple from the American soap opera Days of Our Lives.
Emmerdale is a British soap opera first broadcast on 16 October 1972.
Georgia was introduced to Neighbours as the cousin of established character Toadfish Rebecchi and she soon moved in with him and his partner, Sonya.
Bell in 1978, the role was originally portrayed by Erica Hope, before Melody Thomas Scott took over in 1979.
Nora Hanen is a fictional character from the American soap opera One Life to Live.
The character first appeared on screen during the episode airing on 26 November 2008.
McLachlan decided to leave the series in 1990, but filmed additional scenes which were aired the following year.
Tiffany Marinovich is a fictional character on the New Zealand soap opera Shortland Street who was portrayed by Alison James between 1995 and 1998.
She debuted on-screen during the episode airing on 18 April 2008.
Thomas Todd Manning is a fictional character from the American daytime drama One Life to Live.
Graham Clark is a fictional character from the British soap opera Emmerdale, played by Kevin Pallister.
Tabitha Maxwell-Brown, the mother of Marnie, was also introduced in November, while Dr. Barton, a doctor treating Nancy Osborne, appeared in December.
When he received conflicting information from the suspects he interviews, Mark struggled to identify the culprit.
Her storylines have seen her begin a relationship with a Priest, being married, divorced and widowed.
Rajan Rai is the illegitimate son of Ben von Anstetten.
Stonefish was the first of the Rebecchi family to appear and he was later followed by his mother, father and brothers.
Upon her reintroduction, Tylo stated that the character became "more real", experiencing alcoholism and depression.
A week after the second audition, O'Reilly's agent informed her that she had won the role.
This article is about the fictional character.
She is the brains behind the Kapoor's clothing business.
Kimberley Joseph began playing Joanne Brennan from July.
Noah Mayer was an intern at WOAK television and a student at Oakdale University.
June saw the debuts of Prue Brown, Adam Rhodes, Kirsten Gannon and Mickey Gannon.
Warren was arrested for his crimes in December 2011, serving as his departure.
Jimmy and Jackie were then determined to wean him off his addiction.
Cheryl Gray is a fictional character from the British ITV soap opera, Coronation Street, played by Holly Quin-Ankrah.
He was publican of the Nag's Head and appeared in the show from 1983 to 1996.
Theresa Mariah Magdalene McQueen is a fictional character from the British Channel 4 soap opera Hollyoaks, played by Jorgie Porter.
Lester departed from the series in 1989 and as replaced by Peter Bergman shortly thereafter.
Through his storylines, Ric transforms into one of the serial's "good guys" but his violent temper remained.
Lisa Grimaldi is a fictional character on the CBS soap opera As the World Turns.
Fifteen-year-old Sian, from Southport, arrives and starts a relationship with Ryan Connor, but later broke up with him.
The character made regular appearances until leaving the street in 1987 and has made only brief visits in years following.
Doug has been described as a fan favourite and came first in a poll to find viewer's favourite of the new fresher group.
Kimberley "Kim" Butterfield is a fictional character from the British Channel 4 soap opera, Hollyoaks, played by Daisy Wood-Davis.
He returned to the show on 1 January 2012 and departed two weeks later.
Originally characterised as the hard-hearted daughter of Jennifer Sullivan, Barbara was transformed when writer Douglas Marland came on board at ATWT in 1985.
Dennis quickly became established as the show’s leading man and a "soap sex-symbol", with Harman noted for his "dark good looks" and "fantastic" physique.
She made her first on-screen appearance on 27 March 2009.
Benjy Hawk is a fictional character from Days of Our Lives.
She was played by actress Melba Rae until her death in 1971.
The following is a list of characters that first appeared on the soap opera in 2015, by order of first appearance.
Roberts left his role in 2014 and George made a surprise exit in the E4 episode on 17 September 2014.
Rani Kapoor is a fictional character from the Australian television soap opera Neighbours, played by Coco Cherian.
She appeared in the show from September 2000 to November 2004, then returned in May 2005 following a period of maternity leave.
The following is a list of characters that first appeared in the ITV soap opera Coronation Street in 2009, by order of first appearance.
She came back another three years later and reappeared on 16 April 2004.
On 31 January 2014, Myra made a brief return to the show following the death of Jim McGinn.
After 12 years apart, Christine and Paul marry again on the same day as the memorial service of Katherine Chancellor.
She made her first screen appearance during the episode broadcast on 26 January 1988.
The character was created by Rob Thomas, Gabe Sachs, and Jeff Judah, with later developments by Rebecca Sinclair, and occasional input from McCord.
Steven "Ste" Hay is a fictional character from the British Channel 4 soap opera Hollyoaks, played by Kieron Richardson.
Due to his upbringing, Geoff's social skills were not the same as other teenager's his age.
She made her first screen appearance during the episode broadcast on 7 February 2013.
In its biographical article on Leighton, Yahoo!
Danni is Cheryl Stark's daughter and suffered from diabetes.
However, Lucious must contend with his ex-wife Cookie upon her release from prison as she demands her piece of the company.
Jamie "Fletch" Fletcher is a fictional character from the British Channel 4 soap opera Hollyoaks, played by Sam Darbyshire.
He was portrayed by two child actors from 1993 to 1995, and lastly by Marcus Patrick in 2006.
When a grief-stricken Hope murders Stefano, Rafe helps her cover it up.
Frank last appeared at the funeral of daughter-in-law Valerie Barlow.
Andrew "Andy" Sugden is a fictional character from the British ITV soap opera, Emmerdale, played by Kelvin Fletcher.
A long running storyline concerns his relationship with the character Michelle Fowler.
The character originated on Dallas in 1978 as the mother of Lucy Ewing and ex-wife of Gary Ewing.
All characters were introduced by the show's executive producer Stanley Walsh.
Gwen Hotchkiss is a fictional character and the main antagonist on the NBC/DirecTV soap opera Passions.
Rusty "Travis" Tourneur Sentell, Jr. is a character from the now-cancelled American soap opera Search for Tomorrow.
In a special episode, Kate Colgrave Pope played her as a 24-year-old in a flashback episode from 1944.
Brooke Logan is a fictional character from the CBS Daytime soap opera, The Bold and the Beautiful.
She made her first on-screen appearance on 27 August 2009.
Huison made his final appearance as Eddie on 25 April 2011.
Micky makes several unsuccessful passes at Carl.
His first episode aired on November 27, 1989.
The return lasted through June 12, 2008.
Robert Alexander McCallister is a fictional character on the ABC television series Brothers & Sisters.
Darren Stark is a fictional character from the Australian soap opera Neighbours, played by Todd MacDonald.
Wayne also has relationships with Beth Brennan and Lauren Carpenter.
Charles announced his departure from the show in May 2015.
Unfortunately this proves to be the one bright spot for Carl around this time.
Phoebe has been described as an "ill-fated beauty".
Andreas Petofi is the name of a fictional character featured in the 1966–1971 ABC cult TV Gothic horror soap opera Dark Shadows.
However, like Lucas and Haley, he eventually became embroiled in the world of the popular clique.
Kyle moves to Summer Bay to begin a new life and seeks his brother's acceptance.
They also state that Vincent believes himself to be the "main man" in the room, and knows how to play people to his advantage.
The early episodes of the sixth series show Micky attending college to study film.
Dixie Cooney is a fictional character from the American daytime drama, All My Children.
The order was founded as a nursing order in 1849.
Nick Kasnoff is a fictional character from the soap opera As the World Turns.
The role was played by actress Mary Stuart for the show's entire run.
Even though he didn't reappear later, his character's death was an instrumental storyline during 1988.
Laurie Bates was one of many characters to be axed early in 1990, following the introduction of the serial’s new executive-producer, Michael Ferguson.
Derek Evans is a fictional character on the American soap opera Sunset Beach portrayed by actor Clive Robertson, who also portrayed his identical twin brother Ben.
In 2012 it was announced that Hall had reprised the role once again.
Aleksander has been nominated for a Daytime Emmy Award four times throughout his tenure on the show.
Cassie's backstory reveals that she was abused as a child by her uncle.
Michael's feelings for Emilia resurface and he becomes involved in a love triangle with her and his best friend, Lucas Fitzgerald.
All characters were introduced by series producer Stuart Blackburn.
Susan made her first screen appearance during the episode broadcast on 3 October 1994, along with her eldest son and daughter.
Ehrich characterized the character as being at a "vulnerable age", while "trying to find his place in the world".
Simone was created as a part of the show's effort to represent a complete African-American family and fully realized African-American characters on television.
Other storylines include Chris' need to look after his brother Spencer.
Diane was introduced with her husband, Rob, and stepchildren, Sinead and Finn.
She and her brother entered the show as part of a cult storyline.
He was at first liked by the clinic staff but he was soon revealed to be possessive and overpowering.
She and her sister Roxy Mitchell were introduced by executive producer Diederick Santer in July 2007.
Abigail Williams is a fictional character on the American TV soap opera As the World Turns.
She made her first screen appearance during the episode broadcast on 30 July 2010.
Eddie is the father of Michael Moon, Tyler Moon and Anthony Moon.
The character made her first screen appearance during the episode broadcast on 20 January 1988.
His father Gray Page was written into the series only for him to use and manipulate Matt.
Sean Slater is a fictional character from the BBC soap opera EastEnders, played by Robert Kazinsky.
She claimed to have been made a Dame at the end of her sketch on the Royal Variety Performance 2005.
The character has earned a reputation as a "serial surrogate mother" from selling her babies.
Katherine "Kathy" Beale is a fictional character from the BBC soap opera EastEnders, played by Gillian Taylforth.
Julie Haye is a fictional character in the BBC soap opera EastEnders played by Karen Henthorn between 15 September 1997 and 30 April 1998.
The relationship ultimately ended, but the two have remained friends since.
Sebastian ends things with Julia and he and Nicole become a couple.
Livia and Tom Cudahy took Jamal in as their foster son after they discovered him living in their cellar.
The character was axed in November 2004 and died on 18 February 2005.
As the anniversary arrives, Christoph's hateful ex-wife Clarissa crashes the celebration without an invitation.
The character is the longest running original character, the second being his former daughter-in-law Erica Kane.
Dom arrived as the brother of established character Toni Thompson however soon after arrival, was revealed as the half brother of Chris Warner.
He made his first screen appearance during the episode broadcast on 7 February 2013.
The character was written out in May 2005 and she departed on 26 August 2005.
She is also a longtime competitor and rival against series veteran Kate Roberts and her resurrection of Countess Wilhelmina.
Steph is also played as "fame hungry".
Her exit scenes aired on 9 January 2014.
Cat Rogers began appearing in the same month, while Michelle Kim, Tyler Brennan and Nick Petrides made their debuts in February.
She is an opinionated feminist, who has a fighting spirit.
Following the end of his relationship with Kate, Mark had a one-night stand with her best friend Jade Mitchell.
But despite this, her love for him is evident as the series progresses, and they share many tender moments in secret.
Amber is portrayed as a regular teenage girl.
Hannah Wilson is a fictional character from the Australian soap opera Home and Away, played by Cassie Howarth.
Martha returned on screen on 30 March 2005.
Bernhard 'Bernd ' Konstantin Ferdinand von Beyenbach is a fictional character on the German soap opera Verbotene Liebe.
They were introduced by Don Battye in 1989, but left screens in 1996, before being reintroduced in 2013.
She was portrayed by American actress Kristen Meadows from September 1, 1986 to January 23, 1989.
She was a starring character in the series from the beginning; but was the first character to leave the series, staying not even a year.
Paul Marsden is a fictional character in the British ITV soap opera, Emmerdale.
He made his first screen appearance during the episode broadcast on 11 September 2009.
Joel made his first appearance on 18 February 1998 and departed on 11 October 2000.
Portrayed by Jennie McAlpine, the character first appeared on screen on 20 April 2001.
Other storylines include stripping, writing novels, coming out, directing a film, affairs, and her possible murder.
Daniel is the son of Phyllis Summers and Danny Romalotti, however a later storyline revealed that Daniel's biological father is a man named Brian Hamilton.
The character was first written into the series in the episode named John Ewing III: Part 2 which first aired on April 6, 1979.
Weston has vented that her character is also caring and wise.
Lauren is one of the show's main characters and is played by Catherine Tate.
Keith Miller is a fictional character from the BBC soap opera EastEnders, played by David Spinx.
Jack moved into 8 Brookside Close, several months after the Farnhams had previously sold up and moved to Woolton.
Royston "Roy" Cropper is a fictional character from the British ITV soap opera, Coronation Street, played by David Neilson.
However, this hadn't been pursued, since Search was cancelled.
In 2010, Bloom announced her exit from the soap opera in order to pursue other career opportunities.
Sarah Roberts is a fictional character from the American serial drama One Life to Live and is the daughter of supercouple Tina Lord and Cord Roberts.
Four members of the Timmins family were introduced across the year, beginning with Dylan Timmins in February.
Stella arrives with a "dark secret" which is the reason why she has moved to Weatherfield.
The following is a list of characters that first appeared in 2011, by order of appearance.
Francis "Kris" Fisher is a fictional character from the British Channel 4 soap opera, Hollyoaks, played by Gerard McCarthy.
He made his first screen appearance during the episode broadcast on 6 September 2011.
Hesmondhalgh has insisted that it was not a "right to die" storyline.
Matt Compton and Ben's sister Caitlin Atkins were introduced in September.
Alya Nazir arrived in June, while her grandmother Yasmeen Nazir turned up in July.
Chloe is introduced into the show as the mother of Matthew McQueen.
Knots Landing follows the trials of four middle-class families living on a suburban cul-de-sac known as Seaview Circle in California.
In 2008, Chris Engen began portraying Adam as an adult.
Sasha and Matt briefly became estranged while Gray was in the series, but the duo later reconciled.
Daniel Amalm and Toni Pearen were introduced in April as Jack Wilson and Beth Armstrong, respectively.
Sienna Blake is a fictional character from the British soap opera Hollyoaks, played by Anna Passey.
Eric's saintly behavior immediately sets him up as the better half to his very troubled sister Sami.
On September 15, 2016, it was announced that Peck would again reprise his portrayal as Austin, alongside Clark's Carrie, on January 11, 2017.
He is the husband of May Wright and father of Dawn Swann's daughter, Summer Swann.
A younger Boycie also appears in the prequel series Rock & Chips.
However, in November 2012, it was announced that Anderson had reprised her role and Charlie returned on 17 June 2013.
Tyzack pulled out on 13 April 2011, but three more episodes of her were broadcast before Chasen took over.
In 2005 Hardy was nominated in the category of "Best Villain" at the British Soap Awards.
Ric's use of violence has been central to various plots which have led him into trouble.
He had fallen in with a bad crowd and was led astray by Robbo Slade.
The following is a list of characters that first appeared in the BBC soap opera EastEnders in 2004, by order of first appearance.
Introduced as the estranged mother of Johannes von Lahnstein, Mimi appears together with her granddaughter Maximiliane Frei.
In both her 1996 and 2000 exits, Sam was written out earlier than the producers intended due to off-screen controversies surrounding Westbrook and her cocaine addiction.
He later realised that the killer was her brother Mick.
He was played by Matt Kennard and made his first appearance on 21 August 2007.
Lionel returned for a cameo in the show's 25th Anniversary in 2017.
Lucy Ann Ewing is a fictional character in the popular American television series Dallas.
Tina Lord is a fictional character from the American daytime soap opera One Life to Live, originally and last played by Andrea Evans.
Dr. Joseph Fenton is a fictional character in the BBC soap opera Doctors, played by Stephen Boxer.
Rhys Lesley Ashworth is a fictional character from the British Channel 4 soap opera Hollyoaks, played by Andrew Moss.
The foster care, meningitis and deaf story arcs received critical acclaim for their social impact and earned James five Outstanding Younger Actor Emmy nominations.
He was played by Richard Moore throughout his duration on the show.
The character is the daughter of Cassie Winslow and her ex-husband, Rob Layne.
Michaelson signed a new twelve-month contract with Neighbours in October 1992 and a year later, he announced he would be leaving the soap.
Debbie is Walford's first upwardly mobile character.
Jamal Cudahy is a fictional character on the ABC soap opera, All My Children.
Greg and Tanya's wedding was branded the "swankiest wedding the show's seen."
She was played by actress Morgan Fairchild from 1971 to 1977, the first in a long line of similar roles for Fairchild.
Santo DiMera is a fictional character on the soap opera Days of Our Lives.
He joined cousins and established characters Caroline Alessi and Christina Robinson in Ramsay Street.
Five months later, it was announced that Robbie had quit Neighbours and she departed on 26 January 2011.
Coronation Street is a British soap opera first broadcast on Friday 9 December 1960.
It was first broadcast on the Seven Network on 17 January 1988.
However, entertainment website Digital Spy has favoured many of her storylines.
Producers created a new partnership between Hannah and Andy Barrett.
Morgan Corinthos is a fictional character from the original ABC Daytime soap opera, General Hospital, currently portrayed by Bryan Craig.
Janice Bernadette Battersby is a fictional character from the British ITV soap opera, Coronation Street.
Shortly after Matt's eldest son, Mason, was introduced, it emerged that he had been in juvenile detention and Matt had been the arresting officer.
Introduced in the soap's debut episode, Gwen is portrayed by both Liza Huber and Natalie Zea.
India was murdered by Silas Blissett on 23 December 2010.
Orson is introduced in the final episodes of the second season of the series, and becomes the main mystery of the third season.
Frequently portrayed as a small-time criminal, Billy is a luckless character who often struggles financially.
Christopher is the adopted son of Bobby and the late Pam Ewing and the biological son of Kristin Shepard and Jeff Faraday.
Mark Albert Fowler is a fictional character in the BBC soap opera EastEnders.
He also has a keen interest in music which is explored during his tenure.
The character was one of many to be axed in 1990 when Michael Ferguson took over the role as executive producer from her introducer Mike Gibbon.
Monica Quartermaine is a fictional character from General Hospital, an American soap opera on the ABC network.
The following is a list of characters that first appeared on the show in 2007, by order of first appearance.
The role passed to Gina Tognoni, who continues in it.
He first appeared on-screen in the episode airing on 16 November 1998 and departed on 18 June 2002.
Monster High was created by Garrett Sander, with illustrations by Kellee Riley and illustrator Glen Hanson.
Jolene Anderson was introduced as Neive Devlin in November.
In November 2014, it was announced that Puleston-Davies had quit the serial, Owen departed on-screen on 15 April 2015.
Bowman's casting was announced in June 2011.
Under Secretary of State, see Lucy W. Benson.
She played the role from October 3, 1985 to April 10, 1987 and returned for a short stint from November 13 to November 20, 1989.
After her mother, Janet, refused to bankroll Steve's rock opera on the advice of her legal team, Travis offered to do so.
Tilly is lesbian and comfortable with her sexuality, which Dixon hoped viewers would be able to relate to.
The character is portrayed by actor Jo Weil from 31 December 1999 to 3 September 2002 and again since 2 November 2007.
Kim makes her first appearance for Denise's wedding to Lucas Johnson.
This is because of the longevity of her marriage to Travis.
Vainu'u "Vinnie" Kruse-Miller is a fictional character from the New Zealand soap opera Shortland Street, played by Pua Magasiva.
Frisco Jones and Felicia Cummings are fictional characters and a supercouple from the American soap opera General Hospital.
Danielle Jones is a fictional character from the BBC soap opera EastEnders, played by Lauren Crace.
Ronnie is the "ice" to Roxy's "fire".
She is described as a "villainess", a "dangerous femme fatale" and a woman on a mission.
The show followed his progression from an unruly child to a rebellious teenager to a young man on the dole.
Hart Jessup is a fictional character from the daytime soap opera Guiding Light on and off from 1991 to 1999.
At the National Television Awards, she was named "Most Popular Newcomer" in 2001 and "Most Popular Actress" in 2003.
The character's last regular appearance on the show was in April 2004.
Hal was the Chief of Police at the Oakdale Police Department.
Matilda "Tilly" Evans is a fictional character from the British Channel 4 soap opera Hollyoaks, played by Lucy Dixon.
Francis Aloysius "Frank" Butcher is a fictional character from the BBC soap opera EastEnders, played by Mike Reid.
Michael had a brief relationship with Ruby Rogers, before embarking on an affair with Paul's wife, Rebecca.
She was introduced in 1998 by head writer Sally Sussman Morina, and executive producer Ken Corday.
In addition, the character has had longtime rivalries with Stephanie Forrester and Dr. Taylor Hayes.
The part was recast with Sebastian Schlemmer who took over the role on October 19, 2009.
He later stated that Troy knows how to push people to his advantage.
On December 14, 2007, it was announced that Budig accepted the offer to reprise the role, and would continue her portrayal of the character.
The writers then paired her up with new character Josh Barrett and their relationship dramas took Maddy through into her second year in the series.
Philip Kiriakis is a character on the American soap opera Days of Our Lives.
He began filming his first scenes in early February 2013.
The role was later recast, after Watros left for other career ventures, with Signy Coleman, who portrayed Annie from July 30, 1998 until July 20, 1999.
Frankie Stone is a fictional character from the American ABC Daytime soap opera, All My Children.
She was the eldest sibling in the Cooper family unit.
Two years later, Jones briefly reprised her role during Peta Brady's exit storyline and departed on 1 April 1996.
Upon her return, Lauren brought her family with her and Kendall described them as "charismatic", saying they would have some secrets and "really juicy storylines".
She departed in 1992, before making a return in 1996.
India Longford is a fictional character from the British Channel 4 soap opera, Hollyoaks, played by Beth Kingston.
She claims that Dan used to hit her and even attempts to sabotage his wedding.
Mel Hutchwright is a fictional character from the British ITV soap opera, Coronation Street, played by Ian McKellen.
She has low self-esteem due to her father Kim Timmins being absent during her childhood.
He returns brainwashed in 2000, eventually resulting in their break-up in 2002.
Sophie "Nico" Blake is a fictional character from the British Channel 4 soap opera, Hollyoaks, played by Persephone Swales-Dawson.
Irene "Renee" Roberts is a fictional character from the British ITV soap opera Coronation Street, played by Madge Hindle.
June saw the show's first birth, as Paul Cheveski was born to parents Linda and Ivan.
Since her introduction, Susan's personality and appearance have been through several changes.
Drew was also known for his long hair, which gave him a "hippy look".
The character debuted on-screen during the episode airing on 5 July 2000 and departed on 26 August 2003.
Executive producer Bryan Kirkwood said that the Moon brothers would bring a new element to the show.
Joseph James "J.J." Snyder is a fictional character on the daytime soap opera As the World Turns.
In November, Rachael Beck joined the cast as guest character Kim, the sister of established character, Grant.
His initial contract ended in August, and Essex hoped he would be able to return to the role.
Tylo exited The Bold and the Beautiful again in July 2013, but returned for multiple guest appearances in 2014.
Casey Braxton is a fictional character from the Australian Channel Seven soap opera Home and Away, played by Lincoln Younes.
All characters are introduced by series producer Kate Oates, or her successor Iain MacLeod.
Alan Partridge is a fictional character in Channel 4 soap Brookside.
In 2013, after twelve years on a recurring status, Bregman was placed back on contract with the series.
Rajan begins to develop feelings for his stepmother and even begins a love affair with her, after Ben is murdered.
6 with the rest of her family, until her father Jerry moved the family to Spain.
She returned once again on March 18, 2014 & April 2, 2014.
Sharon Watts, Ian Beale and Michelle Fowler are next seen and Mark Fowler is seen going into the bookies.
The following is a list of characters that first appeared in the Channel 4 soap opera Hollyoaks in 2005, by order of first appearance.
The character was used largely for comedic scenes but as she developed, she was also used for dramatic effect, with numerous storylines being fronted by Marj.
His wife, Isobel, had left him, leaving him in sole charge of Raymond.
Jake McKinnon is a fictional character, portrayed by Tom Eplin throughout its entirety.
Arthur "Fatboy" Chubb is a fictional character from the BBC soap opera EastEnders and its Internet spin-off EastEnders: E20, played by Ricky Norwood.
Victoria Alice Moon is a fictional character from the BBC soap opera EastEnders, played by Hilda Braid.
Shannon Reed is a fictional character from the Australian soap opera Home and Away, played by Isla Fisher.
She is played by Sheila Mercier as a regular character between 1972 and 1994, while making occasional guest appearances in the show since her original departure.
Series producer Lucy Addario said that the response from fans had been "utterly overwhelming".
Reese Williams and Bianca Montgomery are fictional characters and a lesbian couple from the ABC daytime drama All My Children.
Timmy Lenox is a fictional character from the NBC/DirecTV daytime drama Passions portrayed by Josh Ryan Evans.
His involvement with loan sharks builds up to his departure storyline.
After overcoming the town's initial shock at her gender Geraldine helps to improve the village."
On 5 April 2017, it was revealed that Bennett would be reprising the role, with Charlie returning on 5 May.
The storyline was criticised by some former Coronation Street cast members, who thought the producers were using the subject of rape to boost ratings.
Bower expected Chris's coming out storyline to receive criticism and some media commentators called it "an obvious ratings grab".
Serena Bishop is a fictional character from the Australian soap opera Neighbours, played by Lara Sacher.
The character was originally played by Samuel Hammington.
Bronwyn fell in love with Henry Ramsay and when he left for New Zealand, she followed him not long after.
Westaway decided to leave the show after almost four years and Kyle was sent to prison for armed robbery.
Zak Abraham Timothy Ramsey is a fictional character from the British Channel 4 soap opera, Hollyoaks, played by Kent Riley.
She has a selfish streak, often more concerned about her own needs than her family's.
Fletch made his final on-screen appearance on 21 August 2008.
All characters were introduced by the show's then executive producer Stanley Walsh.
Diana sleeps with Paul, despite the fact that he is married and she becomes a suspect following an attempt on his life.
In 1996, Deckert fell ill and Louise Crawford played Selina in her absence.
On Internet message boards, the couple is often referred to as "T&D" or "TnD".
John Harold "Jack" Duckworth was a fictional character from the British ITV soap opera, Coronation Street, played by Bill Tarmey.
Darren was initially characterised as a "bad boy" who has matured throughout his tenure.
In August 2013, it was announced that Collins would be leaving the soap and she filmed her final scenes on 19 February 2014.
James liked the fact Nicole had so many romances because she got to kiss many of her co-stars.
The two grow closer and start an affair with each other.
Ruby and Romeo sleep together and after she is rejected, Ruby becomes wayward, self-harms and sleeps with Casey Braxton on the rebound.
Grant's discovery of the affair remains one of EastEnders' highest viewed episodes.
Texas was initially portrayed as a "quite light and quite daft" character.
Sabrina Hughes is a fictional character in the daytime soap opera As the World Turns.
The character departed on 3 February 1993, to live in the Australian countryside.
Created by writer David Jacobs, the role was originated by screen actress Barbara Bel Geddes in the series pilot episode until her departure in 1984.
Established character, Donna Freedman's father, Nick Nixon joined in April and two new regular characters, Michael and Natasha Williams, began appearing from May.
Rob Hollins is a fictional character in the BBC soap opera Doctors, played by Chris Walker.
Created by head writer, James E. Reilly, she was born on October 21, 1993, as the only child of supercouple, John Black and Marlena Evans.
Meredith Lord is a fictional character from the American soap opera One Life to Live.
Terese Willis is a fictional character from the Australian soap opera Neighbours, played by Rebekah Elmaloglou.
Makarem's departure from the soap was announced on 16 May 2013, and Nikhil made his screen exit on 20 August 2013.
The actress began filming her first scenes at the end of September 2008.
In 2008, Max, along with Tony Hutchinson, was the longest running character in Hollyoaks.
Danny married Phyllis out of obligation to his son, sparking a rivalry between Phyllis and Danny's ex-wife, Christine Blair, which is a continuing storyline.
Blakely received the part and she was introduced to the show during a period of roller-coaster ratings.
Steven "Steve" Murray is a fictional character in the defunct Channel 4 soap opera Brookside.
Garrick once again returned to the role from January 25, 2008 to March 3, 2008.
Christopher vacated the role on July 28, 2011, after he was let go from the series.
Actress Vanessa Downing originated the role from 1988 to 1990, then Debra Lawrance took over from 1990 to 1998.
His final appearance aired in the 5,048th episode, originally broadcast on 10 April 2015.
Lauren Katherine "Kiki" Jerome is a fictional character from General Hospital, an American soap opera on the ABC network.
Ashley Abbott is a fictional character from The Young and the Restless and The Bold and the Beautiful, two American soap operas on the CBS network.
The River Boys arrive in Summer Bay from neighbouring town Mangrove River.
She made her debut in the episode airing on 21 June 2000.
A Daily Record reporter called Drew's return "an X Files style plot".
Ivan is later subject to a revenge campaign after he turns down the advances of Paul's sister, Nicola Blackstock.
The character was introduced by Susanne Seuffert, who played the role from March 8, 2001 to March 12, 2001.
Jones-Roberts was cast in the role after previously auditioning for the roles of four other characters.
Norman Stanley "Fletch" Fletcher is the main fictional character in the popular BBC sitcom Porridge, and the spin-off, Going Straight.
Wendy Jane Walker took over the role for two years from 1970.
Producers decided to write the Martin family out of Neighbours and they departed on 20 October 1999.
Rebecca left in such a way that Digger believed her to be dead.
In 2010, Quin-Ankrah was nominated for an Inside Soap Award for her portrayal of Cheryl.
He is the illegitimate son of Eric Pollard.
Jade Montgomery and Matt Page arrived in October, while Phoebe Nicholson debuted in November.
Lucas Patrick Fitzgerald is a fictional character from the Australian soap opera Neighbours, played by Scott Major.
Stuart departed on 5 April 2006 after McDonough quit to pursue other projects.
Judi Evans debuted in the role in May 1983 and remained with the show until July 1986.
McGeever died in August 2015 without returning to the series.
However, George lacks confidence around the series' male characters.
The following is a list of characters that first appeared in the BBC soap opera EastEnders in 1994, by order of first appearance.
Lindsey "Lynne" Marie Hobbs is a fictional character from the BBC soap opera EastEnders, played by Elaine Lordan from September 2000 to July 2004.
A writer from the Western Mail said that Abi's relationship with Jay Brown is "Walford's answer to Romeo and Juliet".
Rebecca was flying in Cliff's place to try to stop J.R. from buying an oil refinery.
Charity Dingle is a fictional character from the British ITV soap opera, Emmerdale, played by Emma Atkins.
The feud is one of the longest-running feuds in the history of American soap operas.
The character's wedding was popular with journalists from the Daily Record and the Independent Broadcasting Authority.
Lola Jonze is a fictional character in the popular TV series, Britannia High and is played by English actor Rana Roy.
Nancy Karr is a fictional character on the long-running daytime soap opera, The Edge of Night.
Brianna "Bree" Timmins is a fictional character from the Australian soap opera Neighbours, played by Sianoa Smit-McPhee.
When Lynsey Nolan is murdered in a whodunnit plot Doctor Browning becomes a suspect before it is later revealed he had killed Lynsey.
Shortly after, Kanan was dismissed and last seen on June 27, 2012, though the actor was later rehired.
Before his arrival on screen, it was revealed Troy was Sonya Mitchell's ex-boyfriend and the biological father of Callum Jones.
He returned on 9 February 2017, before departing again on 21 February 2017.
After carrying out missionary work in Africa she returned to Summer Bay in 2000, 2002 and 2005.
Amanda Dillon is a fictional character from the American daytime All My Children.
Angelina was described as a mob boss daughter and aspiring singer by Zap2it.
Lastly, Mimi is someone upon whom Libby Croker can depend when she seeks Mimi's assistance.
Despite everything Barry had put him through, Terry was seemingly happy to come and help his old friend.
Alex is the illegitimate son of Max Orbis, owner of a big empire.
Television critics branded the character a "heart throb" and "a charming rogue".
The character is played by actor Krystian Martinek.
Dillon Quartermaine is a fictional character from General Hospital, an American soap opera on the ABC network.
Di Henry is a fictional character from ABC's daytime drama, All My Children.
Charlotte "Charlie" Buckton is a fictional character from the Australian Channel Seven soap opera Home and Away, played by Esther Anderson.
Garry Hobbs is a fictional character in the BBC soap opera EastEnders, played by Ricky Groves.
Paris shared many similarities with his character and they came from similar backgrounds.
She returned for another visit in January 2016 and returned full-term in June 2016.
On 8 April 2016, it was reported that Partridge would reprise the role again in "early summer" 2016.
Ronnie Woodson is a fictional character in the BBC soap opera Doctors, played by Seán Gleeson.
Isla Schultz and Lindsay Ford arrived in March.
That month saw the serial's first birth Christopher Fletcher, son of the established Tom and Pippa.
She is characterised as having a "selfless consideration for others" despite being a "proverbial punchbag" for many characters.
in 2016, Thomas opted to leave the serial and Adam's departure was announced on 22 June 2017, with his exit scheduled for early 2018.
George Palmer is a fictional character from the BBC soap opera EastEnders, played by Paul Moriarty.
The character was originally played by Kevin Curran as an infant.
Frederick Handel "Fred" Elliott is a fictional character from the British ITV soap opera, Coronation Street, played by John Savident.
In early 2010, series producer Gavin Blyth recast the role and Shaw took over.
However, due to Petofi's body swapping and possession abilities, he was portrayed by others.
Tyler was quickly replaced by Jay Kenneth Johnson, who was in the role until leaving the show in December 2002.
Leanne was the girlfriend of long-running character, Lee Hunter, and was introduced when Carter returned to the show after a five-year absence.
Stonefish was the first of the Rebecchi family to appear and he was later followed by his mother, father and brothers.
Gina was initially a recurring character, though was promoted later to the regular cast.
Esther's first romance is with Tilly Evans and through them the serial depicted a same sex kiss.
She was married to Frank Rogers, and they had two daughters, Sammy and Katie.
Lincoln Burrows, played by Dominic Purcell, is a fictional character and one of the two protagonists of the American television series Prison Break.
She departed on 10 January 2014, with series producer Jason Herbison commenting that she could return in the future.
Vroom finished filming in March 1990 and departed during the episode aired on 11 April.
Mark Toland is a fictional character from the American soap opera One Life to Live.
Anna was left confused and without much support, she had to make a tough decision.
Veteran actress Stephanie Cole joined as Sylvia Goodwin, the mother of established character Roy Cropper, in April.
He made a reappearance after an absence of 42 years, only to tangle with local villain Tony Gordon.
Maxwell made his first screen appearance as Alex during the episode broadcast on 9 July 1997.
The Barnes family is one of the main families of the American prime time soap opera Dallas and its 2012 sequel.
She also developed a rivalry with Lou Carpenter and became "smitten" with Walter Mitchell.
On 13 May 2004, Jones announced her decision to leave the soap and her final scenes were broadcast on 26 December 2004.
On 30 April 2013, it was announced that Michie would be leaving Coronation Street.
In November 2014 it was confirmed that Dexter would be written out of EastEnders in early 2015, making his final appearance on 2 January 2015
After the departure of Konrad Krauss, who played Arno Brandner, Metzger is the only remaining original cast member.
She makes arrangements to take her daughter back to Paris, but Leonie wants to stay in Düsseldorf with Timo, who finally has become her boyfriend.
She has "headbutted" several characters on the show including Lip Gallagher, Sue Garland, Cassie Western and even her own son, Shane.
The storylines received acclaim from LGBT rights charity Stonewall.
The character debuted on-screen during the episode airing on 14 June 2007, and left on 29 November 2007.
He did so in 2000, when Jack returned as part of episodes centred on a fellow character's wedding.
The character debuted on-screen during the episode airing on 22 November 2011, portrayed by Andrew Still.
Maddy, who also sleeps with Oscar MacGuire is told she is pregnant and becomes unsure of who the father is.
Bob was played by actor Don Hastings from October 1960 until the series' final episode on September 17, 2010.
Johnny appears on the show from 4 January 2005 until 19 October 2006, when he suffers a fatal heart attack while serving his prison sentence.
He is played by Jeff Hordley, and made his first appearance on 30 March 2000.
Ben Atkins debuted in April, while Amy Greenwood made her first appearance in July.
Stacey Fowler is a fictional character from the BBC soap opera EastEnders, played by Lacey Turner.
Laura Morgan from Inside Soap said that she was a "crafty" female.
Paterniti filmed her final scenes as Tamara in late 2013 and made her screen exit on 21 May 2014.
She made her final appearance on 28 October 2009.
He first appeared on-screen in the episode airing on 5 February 1990.
Doug and his wife, Pam had a solid marriage until they began to neglect each other due to work.
Briefly in 1989, while Jane Elliot was on maternal leave, Christine Jones took on the role.
Francesca "Frankie" Fraser is a fictional character from the British ITV soap opera, Coronation Street, played by Debra Stephenson.
Many of her story lines have been praised, such as her relationships and "ethical storylines".
Dale departed the show in 1993 after falling out with the producers over pay and his character was killed-off on 29 April 1993.
The ninth series consists of twenty episodes, first broadcast from 5 September 2013 to 12 March 2014.
For a while, it went into remission, but it became malignant again, and eventually Steve died while recording a song.
With the character of Natalie being killed off, Robin Mattson played Janet from 1994 to May 9, 2000.
For her portrayal of Rita, Barbara Knox won the TV Times Award for Best Actress and the British Soap Award for Best On-Screen Partnership.
The character was portrayed by Yorlin Madera from 1995 to 1998.
The role was first portrayed by Robyn Richards for eleven years, from 1993 to 2004.
Jennifer Pace Phillips is a fictional character from the defunct United States soap opera Search for Tomorrow.
His last appearance was broadcast on 8 November 2010, with ITV also airing a tribute documentary for him.
The character was introduced into the serial as part of a group of four "20 somethings."
The continuation series opens with Christopher's wedding to Rebecca Sutter.
Josette du Pres is a character played primarily by Kathryn Leigh Scott during the 1795 flashback on the cult TV serial Dark Shadows.
Both Priya and Ajay unintentionally put their careers before their marriage.
Mammone confirmed his exit in May 2013 and Sid departed on 18 July 2013.
Ruby went on a journey of self-discovery and used men to redefine herself.
In the 1970s, the city was named Port Charles, New York.
In November, Kirkwood introduced the ex-husband of Zainab Masood, Yusef Khan.
Doug Scroope began playing Graham Walters in April.
Digital Spy's Alex Fletcher opined that Marta became more "dark and ludicrously disturbing" with each episode.
Nancy Lee Grahn originated the role in September 28, 1996.
Ricky is portrayed as honest, fun, capable and someone with a good heart.
Nikki Warrington is a fictional character from the British soap opera Family Affairs, played by Rebecca Blake.
The following week, he was joined by his teenage son Haydn, played by Andrew Hill.
She debuted on-screen during the episode airing on 23 October 1995.
Mimi is the foul-mouthed, loud, brash and violent matriarch of the Maguire family.
Over time, she became much more of a wholesome character.
He is disliked by Masood's wife Zainab, but brings out a previously unseen fun side to his brother.
Kim is described as "viscous and bubbly" on the outside, but hiding vulnerability and low self-esteem.
Borat's sense of humour derives from his mocking of society through outrageous sociocultural viewpoints, his violation of social taboos and use of vulgar language and behaviour.
Barber said he loved his character and was looking forward to what was ahead.
The story marked the character's first issue-led storyline.
Nancy's first appearance is in a combination of the show's 4775th and 4776th episodes, originally broadcast in the United Kingdom on 1 January 2014.
Rosie is the mother of Mickey Miller, Dawn Swann, Demi Miller and Darren Miller.
According to the Shameless website, Mimi will return to the Maguire house, with her baby daughter Cilla, in Series 8.
Sam Bennett is a fictional character from the NBC/DirecTV soap opera, Passions, portrayed by James Hyde.
May saw the arrival of Peter Hannay, while Martin Chester began appearing from July.
Glockner's character, Mason, was created and introduced along with the Turner family, as part of a major overhaul of the show's cast.
In July 2016, it was announced that Peter would be returning as a regular character and he returned on 17 October 2016.
DaCosta had placed runner-up in the third cycle of America's Next Top Model, while Stowers had won the competition in the ninth cycle of the show.
Kimberly Fairchild is a fictional character from the CBS Daytime soap opera, The Bold and the Beautiful.
Gordon was a model and she took acting lessons before auditioning for the role.
Her background and behaviour was explored following the introduction of her mother Martha Kane and sister Lacey Kane.
Her final on-screen appearance aired on 31 August 2015.
Episode twelve introduces Jez's children Madi and Zack Diamond, and episode thirteen sees Linda Radleigh join the main cast as head of English until episode twenty-one.
Barbara Ryan Coleman is a fictional character from the American CBS soap opera As the World Turns.
All characters were introduced by the show's executive producer Stanley Walsh.
She is the mother of Beppe, Gianni, Teresa and Nicky di Marco.
It was announced in October 2015 that Thomas had quit the role of Jason, and the character departed on 29 June 2016.
Alex was introduced early in 2005 and remained until the final episode in mid-2006.
She has also had conflicts with Stephanie Forrester, Maggie Forrester, Amber Moore, Taylor Hayes, Brooke Logan and Phyllis Summers.
Chad returned in 2014, and immediately mixes it up in the business world, partnering with Kate Roberts and works secretly alongside his father.
A tenth series commenced filming in March 2017.
Until mid April, characters are introduced by the soap's executive producer, Cameron Welsh.
Oscar proved empowering to the characterisation of Minnie and furthered the character's long-running track record of bad love interests.
Bradley "Brad" Willis is a fictional character from the Australian soap opera Neighbours.
He was part of the Traffic Operations Group at Mount Thomas and, later, became the District Firearms Officer.
Frankie, along with his younger "brother" Max were adopted by the Brady clan in the mid-1980s.
Cheryl Nicolette Tenbury-Newent is a fictional character from the British Channel 4 soap opera, Hollyoaks, played by Bronagh Waugh.
She is portrayed by actress Rachel Griffiths.
Tom had four sons, Patrick, villainous Darryl, Damien and original teenage heart throb Stuart.
She was played by Eileen Davidson from November 4, 1996 to April 8, 1998, and again in 2014.
The actress was let go and Longoria last aired on August 15, 2003.
Deckert earned a nomination for "Most Popular Actress" at the Logie Awards, for her portrayal of Selina.
Both joining the program's cast in 2015, Richards first appeared as a host of Eat Bulaga!
April has travelled the world and has become independent and wise beyond her years because of it.
Andrew "Andy" Hunter is a fictional character from the BBC soap opera EastEnders, played by Michael Higgs from 3 July 2003.
Jules is depicted as a flirtatious older gentleman.
The character debuted on-screen during the episode airing on 4 October 2005.
Massey's performance and the coming out storyline received high praise.
First portrayed by Beverlee McKinsey from 1972 until 1980, Iris was one of the show's most iconic characters and received her own short-lived spin-off, Texas.
This is because she does not want to see her son go to jail again.
Liberty Luisa Ciccone is a fictional character on the daytime soap opera As the World Turns.
Thorne Forrester is a fictional character on CBS soap opera The Bold and the Beautiful.
The following is a list of characters that first appeared in the BBC soap opera EastEnders in 1991, by order of first appearance.
Throughout the year Hollyoaks saw several new arrivals including the Morgan family.
The actor has appeared in the series prior to taking the regular role of Dan in 2004.
McClain returned to the series May 2, 2008, playing the character as a ghost.
She made her first appearance during the episode airing on 5 November 1999 and final appearance during the episode airing on 7 November 2005.
In January, Latham introduced four new regular characters, the first batch to arrive since Warren's initial creations at the start of the series a month earlier.
She was played by actress Donna Mills between 1980 and 1989.
Markko Rivera is a fictional character from ABC's daytime drama One Life to Live, portrayed by Jason Tam since May 21, 2007.
When Tony's mother, Jan tried to restrain Michaelson, he hit her across the face.
After only four months, Riley was dropped from the programme.
Classmates and parents of these characters, as well as various other characters, are also featured.
Joey returns having skipped out on boarding school suffering from abandonment issues.
He made his debut screen appearance on 13 July 2011.
Ryan’s mother, Amanda Vale, played by Holly Brisley debuted in June.
He is the second child of supercouple Joshua Lewis and Reva Shayne.
Most of Curly's storylines dealt with his repeated failure to form a successful romantic relationship.
After meeting Afia's father, Tamwar's parents forbid him to see Afia as her father was Zainab's former husband whose family set her on fire.
They eventually fall in love; but she is located and arrested.
Callum was portrayed as loyal, moody and clever.
Three characters arrived in October: Greg Jessop, Tanya Branning's fiancé; Michael Moon, Alfie Moon's cousin; and Julie Perkins, an old friend of Billy Mitchell.
Maslen took a two-month break from the role in October 2010 to participate in the 2010 series of Strictly Come Dancing, returning in December 2010.
Sean Kennedy is a fictional character from the British Channel 4 soap opera, Hollyoaks, played by Matthew Jay Lewis.
Thomsen made return guest appearances in 1996 and 1997.
in that they both featured warring brothers over their father's graveside - one of whom had returned to the village from time spent away.
Saeed is the original owner of the First til Last grocery store.
He made his debut screen appearance on March 23, 1987, the show's first episode.
He made his first screen appearance on 30 August 2010.
The two eventually discovered they were in no way related and married in an iconic wedding that aired on the show's 2000th episode.
The character returned as part of the show's 20th anniversary in May 2012 but hasn't appeared since.
He and Liza eventually fell in love and experienced dangerous adventures.
Carmel Celine Marguerite Valentine is a fictional character from the British Channel 4 soap opera Hollyoaks, played by Gemma Merna.
She returned yearly from 2001 until 2009, again from 2011 to 2013 and again from 2016.
She was married three times; to Charles McLain, Umberto Rothwell, and Dave Williams.
Anthony crossed over in the role on sister soap opera General Hospital on September 2, 1992 as Marco, remaining in the role through December 24, 1993.
Her father was later introduced as Yusef Khan who was the former husband of Tamwar's mother, Zainab.
Quartermaine is a fictional character from General Hospital, an American soap opera on the ABC network.
Naomi Canning is a fictional character from the Australian soap opera Neighbours, played by Morgana O'Reilly.
She becomes friends with Toby Mangel and manages to get him into trouble too.
Sheridan was inherently a person good for much of the series, until the final year, where she became a villain.
Portrayed by Trevor Donovan, Teddy Montgomery was introduced in the second season premiere as a recurring character.
Karl died in Season 6, Episode 11 after injuries sustained when a plane crashed into Wisteria Lane during the Christmas Festival.
The latter who becomes pregnant after a one-night stand, Lachlan and Chloe fall in love.
Dallas is a continuation of the long-running series Dallas.
Created by Frank and Doris Hursley, who originally set it in a general hospital, in an unnamed fictional city.
Tina's funeral took place on 23 June 2014.
Later, her character was absent from several episodes in the middle of the season while she delivered her baby.
Paddy is one of the longest-serving characters currently in the programme.
Tensions also arise between the cousins due to John Ross's romance with Christopher's ex-fiancée, Elena Ramos.
Executive producer Matthew Robinson reintroduced the character in 1999 as a business woman and a love interest for Barry Evans.
He left the show on 1 July 2008.
The actor was cast shortly after he completed a guest stint on rival soap opera Home and Away.
Gino Esposito is a fictional character from the Australian soap opera Neighbours, played by Shane McNamara.
Lasance and scriptwriters have both pointed out that these events impacted on Aden's life and contribute to his destructive personality.
The character was played by Ilene Kristen from November 7, 2001, through the finale episode aired on January 13, 2012.
On 5 and 10 July 2012, India again returned, appearing in her sisters nightmares.
He was portrayed by Quinn Redeker from 1979 until 1987.
Varela has stated that her character is not one-dimensional and is complex with both strengths and weaknesses.
They also became the first family to be introduced since 2010.
The role was portrayed by Nathan Parsons from January 30, 2009, to March 7, 2012.
Martha Madison appeared in the role from August 10, 2004, to March 21, 2008.
In 2011, Goddard was fired from the role, and Cane was shot to death onscreen.
Amalm was nominated for the "Most Popular New Talent" award at the 1995 Logie Awards.
Producers also created a dramatic car crash stunt around the character.
In April 2012, it was announced that he had been let go from the series, last appearing on August 15, 2012.
The character was created and introduced by William J.
He was played by Bryan Mosley, who died six weeks after his character's final appearance.
Clive Archibald Gibbons is a fictional character from the Australian soap opera Neighbours, played by Geoff Paine.
In 2017, JJ starts dating Lani Price, daughter of Abe Carver, much to his disapproval.
Stenson's fellow cast members have described her as a "Hollyoaks legend" because of her lengthy duration.
Lofty is generally depicted as a meek, luckless and hapless victim.
Coleman also briefly reprised the role from January 14 to 21, 2003.
Episodes with Budig began airing again January 16, 2008.
Sarah Elizabeth Randall is a fictional character on the daytime soap opera Guiding Light.
The series features an ensemble cast of holiday makers and staff at the Solana all-inclusive hotel in Benidorm, Spain.
Roy Slater is a recurring character in the British sitcom Only Fools and Horses.
Fenmore Baldwin is a fictional character from the American CBS soap opera The Young and the Restless.
He was portrayed by Renato Bartolomei for four years from May 2004 to September 2008.
Stephanie Chaves-Jacobsen began playing doctor Charlotte Adams in September.
Isabel Lucas began playing Tasha Andrews in July.
Jesse is portrayed by Darnell Williams and Angie is portrayed by Debbi Morgan.
The character has been described as a "good daughter" type who changed becoming a "hopeless addict".
Lara Cornelius is a fictional character from the German soap opera Verbotene Liebe, first portrayed by Karoline Schuch from September 18, 2000 to May 23, 2002.
The character makes several brief returns in 1993, 1994, and 1997.
Abe is the widowed husband of Lexie Carver, daughter of international crime lord, Stefano DiMera.
She was also married to another Horton, Bill.
Critics have deemed Carmella as one of the series' most popular characters.
Alexandra Spaulding, affectionately known by family and friends as Alex, is a fictional character on CBS's daytime drama Guiding Light.
Her brother, Jimmy, a local tough, viciously attacks Bonehead in front of them, and threatens them into staying silent.
MacCorkindale was diagnosed with bowel cancer in 2006, and departed from Casualty after the disease spread to his lungs.
Clements won multiple awards for his portrayal.
Lou is the archetypal East End matriarch throughout EastEnders' first three years.
The character was later paired with Chelsea Lawson; their short-lived romance received negative reviews from viewers and critics alike.
Suzanne Halpin is a fictional character on the Irish soap opera Fair City.
She made her first appearance during the episode airing on May 27, 2011.
Cane's marriage to Lily was sacrificed, however, they later remarried on Valentine's Day in 2012.
Lastly, Roly the dog is seen in the pub when a fight breaks out.
Her return in 2010 and 2016 sees her struggle with motherhood after giving birth to Jack's baby.
Stephenson quit the role in 2006 and Frankie departed on screen on 31 December 2006.
Katy is Owen Armstrong's youngest daughter and Izzy Armstrong's sister.
The following is a list of characters that first appeared in the British soap opera Emmerdale in 1989, by order of first appearance.
His debut was on 7 January 2013.
He made his first screen appearance during the episode broadcast on 7 February 2013.
He has been portrayed as a well loved layabout and many of his storylines centred on his marriage to Hilda Ogden.
Victor and Nikki are recognized as one of daytime television's most prominent pairings, as well as receiving a positive response from critics throughout the years.
Sanjay Kapoor is a fictional character from the BBC soap opera EastEnders, played by Deepak Verma from 9 February 1993 to 24 September 1998.
Antoinette Byron was then cast in the role and she began appearing from the 1999 season premiere until her departure in 2000.
Dallas follows the trials and tribulations of the wealthy Ewing oil family living in Dallas, Texas.
Jonathon was created as the final installment to the recently expanded McKenna family unit; he was the son of the Shortland Street clinic's CEO, Michael McKenna.
All characters were introduced by the show's then series producer, Stuart Blackburn.
Arkwright's signature characteristic is his stutter, which Granville never misses an opportunity to mock.
From 2007–2008, Justin was mentioned but not seen on screen.
One critic thought Beck was doing "an excellent job" and the character's appearance and introduction also received positive attention.
Hassan's final scenes were broadcast on 21 August 2012, giving viewers the "ending they were looking for".
What followed, became one of Shortland Street's most iconic storylines, with the happy couple discovering they were, in fact, related.
Nina Cortlandt is a fictional character and one half of the Cliff and Nina supercouple on the long running ABC soap opera, All My Children.
Prescott was let go from the role after just six months and last aired in October 2008.
Although Dubois was not contracted as a regular cast member, Kirsten appeared constantly for more than a year.
Series Three also sees the first appearance of Roger Bailey, Jnr, played by Keiron Self.
He was named after Rod Taylor and Charlton Athletic.
The character first appeared on-screen on 1 September 2006, as one of three new students at Hollyoaks Community College.
Chesney is brother to Fiz Brown and son to Cilla Battersby-Brown.
Jerry would become a major character for the next thirteen years until Haberfield's sudden death in 1975.
Sam comforted her over her father’s affair and ended up kissing Anna, as the pair went on to date from there.
He made his first screen appearance during the episode broadcast on 10 March 1999.
Liljana "Lil" Bishop is a fictional character from the Australian soap opera Neighbours, played by Marcella Russo.
He made his first appearance in 2001 before leaving in 2004.
She soon became one of As the World Turns's most popular characters.
Phil then beats him sometime later which prompted thirty-one complaints to the Broadcasting Standards Commission.
She later appealed, and returned permanently on 5 August.
He has also had several flings since arriving, notably with Viv Hope and Tess Harris.
The character was originated in 1985 by actress Kathleen Widdoes, who continued to appear on the program until June 29, 2010.
He's the right man for Tanya at the moment."
Glenda has been described as "complex", "vulnerable", "demure, dynamic and assured".
In September 2015 Gregson announced a break due to personal reasons, and Steve was off-screen from November 2015 to 22 April 2016.
He received further prominence for his incestuous affair with Chad Harris-Crane, sexual identity as intersex, and pregnancy with his father's child.
Brocklebank has praised his storyline and spoke of his hopes that it would remove the social stigma attached to bisexuality.
On 21 October 2012, it was announced Crossley would make a brief return to Emmerdale.
Archibald Lionel "Archie" Mitchell is a fictional character from the BBC soap opera EastEnders, played by Larry Lamb.
In addition, the series displayed significant comparisons between her and legendary character Dixie Cooney.
He made his first screen appearance during the episode broadcast on 4 February 1987 and he exited the series on 12 February 1993 after six years.
Christopher once again reprised the role on a recurring basis in honor of the soaps' fiftieth anniversary; he was later upgraded to a series regular.
Teenager, Robin Hester began appearing from September as did fashion designer, Saffron Jankievicz.
Despite the character's crimes and faults, she is described as a central heroine and has been called soap opera's "hottest mess".
Jared and Lindsey Baskin originated the role from 1999–2001.
The character was first introduced in 1980 being portrayed by Terry Lester.
He was occasionally referred to in the episodes since then, but never seen on-screen.
Christopher Sean became a "breakout star" and Sean received critical acclaim for his portrayal.
While Matt Buchanan from The Sydney Morning Herald said that he could not even remember the character.
Janet Mitchell is a fictional character from the BBC soap opera EastEnders, played by child actor Grace, who has Down's syndrome.
Richard Winslow is a fictional character from the CBS daytime soap opera Guiding Light.
Two years later, Miller reprised the role and Aaron returned on 14 August 2014, as part of a heist storyline involving Donna Windsor and Ross Barton.
She returns to Erinsborough, after taking a business course in Japan.
It was announced on 30 June 2010 that Alice Coulthard had quit the show and her character would be written out later in the year.
He is arrogant, intelligent and articulate – all traits that make him confident in arguments.
Clark quit the series prematurely to concentrate on a film career and Will departed on 23 January 2007.
But their relationship is marred with Andy's personal issues, Hannah's struggle to regain the use of her legs and Hannah's infidelity with her ex-fiancé Sean Gleeson.
Following his mother's death, Jett was fostered by Gina and John Palmer.
After a year on the series, Bell gave the character a proper backstory, surname and family.
Joanna has a brief relationship with her sister's ex-fiancé, Mark Gottlieb, before marrying Rob Evans.
Pilar was played by Eva Tamargo during the entire run of the show.
However, in 2007, the character's history is retconned and it is revealed that André was very much alive and had been masquerading as Tony since 1993.
However, he has a habit of sacrificing himself for the good of others.
Donna Ludlow is a fictional character from the BBC soap opera EastEnders, played by Matilda Ziegler between 27 August 1987 and 13 April 1989.
The following is a list of minor characters that first appeared in the ITV soap opera Coronation Street in 2006, by order of first appearance.
Jade Taylor is a fictional character on the American soap opera As the World Turns.
Brooke Rolleston is a fictional character from the New Zealand soap opera Shortland Street, played by Beth Allen.
Henning realizes that Carolin needs him now and decides to take a step into her direction.
The character has since entered a relationship with Carmel Kazemi.
Daniel David "Dan" Baker is a fictional character from the Australian Channel Seven soap opera Home and Away, played by Tim Campbell.
Shortly after, the character was at the centre of an issue-led storyline focusing on body image and fitness obsession.
Cole Deschanel is a fictional character from the US soap opera Sunset Beach.
Amy Wyatt is a fictional character from the ITV soap opera, Emmerdale, played by Chelsea Halfpenny.
Shawn-Douglas "Shawn" and Isabella "Belle" Brady are fictional characters on the American soap opera, Days of Our Lives.
She was played by Michelle Ray Smith from August 24, 2005 to July 27, 2008, reprising her role briefly in December 2008 and July 2009.
As a tribute, Granville keeps a framed photograph of Arkwright in the kitchen.
They burnt a hole through the kettle, ruined the kitchen with the steam turning it into a "Turkish bath", and thought they had killed Corinne's canary.
The character debuted on-screen during the episode airing on 20 November 2008.
With a backstory consisting of an alcoholic mother and a criminal father, Frank became wayward by the age of eight.
Holly was joined by her mother, father and two siblings.
She debuted in the first episode of the second season.
Tyler Michaelson is a fictional character from the American CBS soap opera The Young and the Restless.
Lindsey Helen Roscoe is a fictional character from the British soap opera Hollyoaks, played by Sophie Austin.
Actress Arianna Chase portrayed Kimberly from 1992–1993.
Carolin gives in to save her marriage to Henning.
Rebecca is the mother of Oliver Barnes and Declan Napier.
Sursok considered herself lucky to get the part, as the audition was the first one she had had since acquiring an agent.
While experiencing psychosis, she frequently hallucinates two-way conversations with her reflection in the mirror.
In 2003, actresses Amanda Maiden and Kimberly Kevon Williams played the character in flashbacks to her childhood and her time as a nightclub singer.
Coronation Street is a British soap opera created by writer Tony Warren.
When Richard Grieve quit his role as James' brother Lachlan Fraser; producers cast Michael Piccilliri to play James.
She is the mother of Theo Carver, and the wife of former mayor Abe Carver.
The pressure becoming too much for her, Sammy took Louise back to the hospital leaving her in the car park.
Gary "Gaz" Bennett is a fictional character from the British Channel 4 soap opera, Hollyoaks, played by Joel Goonan.
This is a list of characters from the BBC situation comedy Only Fools and Horses and its prequel, Rock and Chips.
She made her first on-screen appearance on 3 February 2006.
The character made his first screen appearance on 27 October 2014.
Tom later develops dementia and he returns to Erinsborough to be with his family.
He would later guest appear in the show throughout its thirty season run and would feature in his own spin-off Tucker's Luck.
Stuart's storylines included becoming a policeman, temporarily losing his eyesight, joining a cult, which almost cost him his friendships and marrying Sindi Watts.
As a result of her mental illness and erratic behavior, the character was sometimes referred to as "Janet from another Planet".
Pemberton never recovered from being made to leave a role he adored, and suffered a stroke in 1965.
The following is a list of characters who first appear in the seventh series of the BBC school drama Waterloo Road, in order of first appearance.
Hutch McKinney was a man who got fired by Jock Ewing from Southfork Ranch in December 1952, and took Jock's gun before leaving.
The second actress to portray the role was Paula Irvine, from November 13, 1991 to January 15, 1993.
Roy has been featured in numerous high-profile storylines, most notably marrying the first transgender character in a British soap opera, Hayley Patterson.
He reappeared for a small sketch with John Cleese in We Are Most Amused in November 2008.
Dr. Michael McKenna is a fictional character on the New Zealand soap opera, Shortland Street.
Sam Rappaport is a fictional character from the long running ABC soap opera One Life to Live.
Ruby was initially described as "sneaky" and likely to cause mayhem at Duncan's expense.
After years of rumors, Marcil returned to the soap on August 11, 2010.
In April, former Waterloo Road actress Katie McGlynn joined the cast as Beth Tinker's niece, Sinead.
It was announced in April 2017 that Mitchell would reprise the role and Cora returned on 18 and 19 May, and again on 23 June.
He made his last appearance in August of 1994, and subsequently died off-screen the following year.
The role was originated by actress Theresa Underberg on 16 January 2008.
General Hospital executive producer Frank Valentini announced in January 2017 that Smith would crossover the role of Nora to General Hospital.
Carswell is a fictional character from the British ITV soap opera, Coronation Street.
Vincent, part of Passions' Russell family and Crane family, is the long-lost son of Julian Crane and Eve Russell.
Candice Stowe is a fictional character from the British ITV soap opera, Coronation Street, played by Nikki Sanderson.
Upon his return, Derek was described as a "charmer" and "proper East-End".
While Tracy wanted to get in good with her father, Edward, he still deemed his son Alan Quartermaine, Tracy's brother, his favorite.
Carol's stubborn and nagging nature eventually drives him into the arms of another woman.
During these appearances, he is only credited as "Vincent".
Beth was played by Kelli McCarty from August 23, 1999, until July 18, 2005, and from May 12 to July 14, 2006.
He is the father of Brandon Walker, Theo Carver and Lani Price.
He is the father of Frankie Hubbard, Natalia Fowler, Ellie Hubbard, and Lucy Hubbard.
Masood Ahmed is a fictional character from the BBC soap opera EastEnders, played by Nitin Ganatra.
She made her debut screen appearance as Gaby on 12 August 1991.
Phoebe Forrester and her twin sister, Steffy, were born in September 1999 to Ridge Forrester and Taylor Hayes.
The following is a list of characters that first appeared in the soap in 2001, by order of first appearance.
Actor Stuart Damon first appeared in the role on September 12, 1977.
Sindi was initially a recurring character, before she was promoted to the regular cast.
Tamwar Masood is a fictional character from the BBC soap opera EastEnders, played by Himesh Patel.
Ever the scholar, his father Buzz Cooper described him as having "the mind of Aristotle and the writing abilities of Homer" in early 2009.
Max Ramsay is a fictional character from the Australian soap opera Neighbours played by Francis Bell.
He received a call to play Lucas shortly after he was getting the feel for acting again.
During Lynsey's feud with Silas the character was played to show a stronger and more determined side.
Katy Armstrong is a fictional character from the British ITV soap opera, Coronation Street, played by Georgia May Foote.
Whitney Carter is a fictional character from the BBC soap opera EastEnders, played by Shona McGarty.
Adrian Degenhardt is a fictional character on German soap opera Verbotene Liebe.
Breeds has been nominated for the "Most Popular New Female Talent" and "Most Popular Actress" Logie Awards for her portrayal of Ruby.
Still was attending the Scottish Youth Theatre when Lime Pictures presented the establishment with a casting opportunity for Hollyoaks.
Wheeler chose to return to the soap eighteen months later and made her return in September 2007.
She debuted on-screen during the episode airing on 26 September 2006 and was introduced by series producer Bryan Kirkwood as part of the McQueen family.
Initially, Bianca does not find happiness with Liam as the serial implemented a "love-triangle storyline", which sees Vittorio return in hope of a reconciliation.
Critics have stated that the character quickly assumed the role of the show's "hunk" and "bad boy".
Immediately upon her arrival on the show, Chloe was characterized as a manipulative "bad girl" by Soap Opera Digest.
Tiffany's surname was changed in the show's credits from Dean to Butcher, which has also been referenced in the show.
Also, May Wright, Jay Brown and Shirley Carter, the biological mother of Deano and Carly, all joined the show.
The following is a list of characters that first appeared in the serial in 2013, by order of first appearance.
Caroline "Carrie" Nicholls-Baine is a fictional character from the British ITV soap opera, Emmerdale.
Over the years, Paul continued to become heavily involved in various storylines as a private investigator.
Pranita's casting was announced on 7 September 2010 and she began filming her first scenes the day before.
The third member of the Mitchell family to be introduced, Sam enters as a 15-year-old school girl in July 1990, played by Danniella Westbrook.
Annie is often considered one of Guiding Light's greatest villains and one of its more exciting characters.
She made her first on-screen appearance on 3 October 1996.
Yvonne and Mimi realise that they share love for their own children and would do anything to ensure the happiness of their respective children.
The role was originated by Patsy Rahn in 1976.
The actor said that the role of Silas is "very interesting" for him as he had not played a murderer in his career before.
Frankie Brady is a fictional character on the American soap opera Days of Our Lives.
She was right wing and a racist, something which she kept out of the workplace and was disclosed about.
She follows him and the two reunite.
Hollyoaks is a long running Channel 4 soap opera in the United Kingdom.
The following is a list of characters who first appeared in the BBC soap opera Doctors in 2012, by order of first appearance.
On her birthday party Kerstin meets Susanne's brother Jan and falls for him on first sight.
In May 2009, James Spaulding paid for Christina, with characters Daisy and Ashlee, to visit Universal Studios Orlando theme park.
The following is a list of characters that first appeared in the British soap opera Emmerdale in 2003, by order of first appearance.
He is portrayed by veteran daytime actor Laurence Lau from August 18, 2008 to January 14, 2009 and again on March 12, 2009.
Executive producer Kim Crowther revealed the team wanted an actor who was slightly younger than Audrey and who was very charming.
She made her debut screen appearance on 5 April 1965.
Karen Nicola Jane Hollins is a fictional character in the BBC soap opera Doctors, played by Jan Pearson.
When Rajan sees Tanja's interest in Tim Sander, he wants her to come with him to India and become his wife.
She arrived in town revealing that she had become pregnant with Billy's child, later giving up all her parental rights.
Michael Sutton portrayed him from 1993 to 1995 and returned for a guest appearance from September 28 through September 29, 2010.
