Rojas played 4 seasons with San Luis until San Luis was relegated.
He also was a runner-up in the FA Cup and Champions League.
He now works at JL Stanford middle school as a PE teacher
At international level, Di Vaio represented the Italy national football team at Euro 2004.
He now acts as a pundit for the BBC and regularly presents 606 on BBC Radio 5 Live on Saturday evenings alongside Darren Fletcher.
Despite his talent, his career included several setbacks, in part due to two long-term suspensions for failed drugs tests.
He won the 1984 Danish championship with Vejle Boldklub and played for English club Manchester United.
Diogo appeared for Uruguay in two Copa América tournaments.
He left Manchester United at the end of his contract in July 2014, joining Inter on a free transfer.
Marco André Zoro Kpolo, known as Zoro, is an Ivorian professional footballer who plays for Greek club Asteras Amaliada F.C.
John "Jack" Silcock was an English footballer, who played at left back, spending most of his career at Manchester United.
Andrew John "Andy" Woodman is an English former football goalkeeper and coach.
Martens was part of the team for the 1972 and 1980 European Championships but he did not play a match in the latter.
Cabañas was shot in the head in January 2010, but survived the attack.
Claus William Jensen is a former Danish professional footballer, who played as an attacking midfielder.
He moved to Tottenham Hotspur in December 1996, where he scored 64 goals in seven years, and won the League Cup.
He is the only Asian Footballer ever to be named among the 10 best Captains in the world by the English FA in 1953.
His most notable achievements were the UEFA Cup first round matches against Sporting Lisboa in 1999, where Viking won 3-1 on aggregate.
Robert "Bob" Donaldson was a Scottish football player.
Predrag Đorđević is a retired Serbian footballer who is famed for his free kicks.
In 1968, he helped Köln to a victory of the DFB-Pokal after being substituted in the 46th minute.
He is the younger brother of former Sierra Leonean international footballers Kemokai Kallon and Musa Kallon.
Arteta represented Spain at under-21 level, but he did not play for the senior national team.
His favoured position was outside right, and his key skills were dribbling, passing, crossing and shooting.
From his debut onwards he was a regular in the Manchester United first team, making more than 50 appearances in his first season with them.
He has previously played for Manchester United, Royal Antwerp, Hull City, Tottenham Hotspur, Sunderland, Cardiff City and Crystal Palace.
His career was looking very promising, but he suffered a serious knee injury, which appeared to end his Ajax career.
Mohamed Abdullah Zidan is a retired Egyptian footballer who also holds German citizenship.
Eric "Rabbit" Parsons was a footballer who played for West Ham United, Chelsea and Brentford in England.
At Dundee his only goal for the club came in a dramatic 4-4 draw with Hibernian.
Kim Nam-Il is a retired South Korean footballer who played as defensive midfielder.
Mirko Hrgović is a Croatia-born Bosnian footballer who last played for Croatian club NK Zadar.
Birgit Prinz is a retired German female professional association football player.
After two more seasons in the north-east Whitehead joined Stoke City for a fee of £5 million in August 2009.
He was also called "El Cinco Copas", in reference to his record of five World Cups played.
He also played as right back for the Columbus Crew, where he was team captain, and the United States national team.
During a 23-year professional career he played mainly with Anderlecht, appearing in nearly 400 official games in two different spells.
At 46 goals, Borgetti is the second all-time leading goal scorer for the Mexico national football team.
Originally known as a right back, he also spent much of his early career playing as a central defender.
Sergio Alejandro Galván Rey is an Argentine-Colombian former football player.
At Tynecastle, Peddie received £5 per week in wages and he played inside right and centre forward.
Rafael Ferdinand van der Vaart is a Dutch professional footballer who plays for Danish club FC Midtjylland and the Netherlands national team as an attacking midfielder.
This was soon followed by a move to Europe in 2000, and spells with Italian club Roma, and Spanish club Real Madrid.
Since then, he has played 700 matches, scored 82 goals and made more than 180 assists for over 50 players.
Zarra signed for Athletic after playing one season for Erandio.
He has now retired from professional football, although he occasionally plays in charity games and amateur friendlies.
In July 2008, he returned to Chile to play again for Universidad de Chile.
He was the leading scorer and a key player for the club's second Copa Libertadores title.
Ricardo Javier Tavarelli Paiva is a former Paraguayan footballer, who played as a goalkeeper.
In February 2015, he announced his intention to run for the Conservative Party nomination for Mayor of London in the 2016 election.
Over the course of 11 seasons, Duscher amassed La Liga totals of 247 games and five goals.
At international level, he was Argentina's all-time leading goalscorer with 54 goals in 77 official matches, a record he held until 2016.
Darren Graham Mackie is a former Scottish footballer who, most recently, played for Inverurie Loco Works as a player/coach.
Barragán earned 21 caps for Spain at youth level.
Camille Muzinga is a Congolese football player.
Perez never played college soccer, but he was drafted twice in MLS, both times by coach Octavio Zambrano.
He began his career at Motherwell and joined Celtic in 2004, where he won domestic honours including two Scottish Premier League titles.
In August 2006, he announced his retirement from the national team.
He is currently working as a youth coach at FC Basel.
He played in England's Football League, starting at Shrewsbury Town in 1999.
A prolific goalscorer for both club and country, he played most of his career with Germany's Borussia Dortmund.
He also played for the national football team 7 times.
Blyth also starred in one of the first football-related films, the 1930 production The Great Game.
The most successful Bulgarian player of all time, Hristo Stoichkov, has pointed out Yakimov as a big inspiration of his youth.
Michael Alexander Mols is a retired Dutch footballer who played as a striker.
Alex Dias de Almeida, or simply Alex Dias, is a former Brazilian football player.
In February 2017, he joined Beijing Enterprises of the China League One, where he died in June in a training session, at the age of 30.
He was the team captain from 2008 until his resignation, and in total he played 91 matches and scored 4 goals.
Steven Jerome Pienaar is a South African professional footballer who plays for Bidvest Wits and was captain of the South African national team until October 2012.
Ian Paul Marshall is an English former professional footballer who played as a striker and defender from 1984 until 2002.
He was ordained as a deacon in October 2016 and then as a priest on 8 July 2017.
Remi Mark Moses is an English former football player whose main position was as a defensive midfielder.
He subsequently joined VfL Wolfsburg on a free transfer, and was released in 2016.
A winger who can play on either flank, his qualities of speed and finesse cause a regular problem for opposing defenses.
He scored 11 international goals in 25 caps between 2000 and 2004, and participated in the 2002 FIFA World Cup.
He was selected to the 23-men squad that competed at the 2006 FIFA World Cup finals in Germany.
He was the captain of the Nigerian national team until his international football retirement in June 2014, and he is Nigeria's record appearance holder.
Jesper Grønkjær is a former Danish professional football player.
He also works as the club ambassador and youth team coach for Premier League side Swansea City.
He served in Montgomery's Eighth Army during the Second World War.
Patrick Joseph "Paddy" Kenny is a professional football goalkeeper.
Added to the 48 goals he scored in internationals, he managed a total of 330 goals.
He earned the nickname "El Gato" for his outstanding stretching saves.
He was born in the Rhondda valley.
Gus Kartes, also known by his Greek name Kostas Karterouliotis is a Greek-American soccer player, who is not active.
In total, he made 262 appearances, 227 of those in the league for The Robins.
Internationally, Šmicer played once for the Representation of Czechs and Slovaks team and 80 times for the Czech Republic.
Nakata has also been involved in fashion, regularly attending runway shows and wearing designer clothing.
Rodrigo Gimeno Molina, commonly known as Rodri, is a Spanish retired footballer who played mainly as a defensive midfielder.
Nathan Wesley Ashton is an English footballer who plays for Isthmian League club Tilbury.
Alam Shah currently works as operations executive at the car rental department of Komoco Motors.
After three years, he turned professional in 2005.
Ghaly played for Tottenham Hotspur of the Premier League between 2006 and 2009.
The following summer he was purchased by Villarreal.
At the 2006 World Cup, Ribéry scored his first international goal against Spain and played in the final match against Italy.
Jérôme René Marcel Rothen is a former French footballer who played as a winger.
He played in three FIFA World Cups and made a total of 115 international appearances, second only to Javier Zanetti.
He played one season for the Steamers before being released.
He was elected the 20th best South American footballer of the 20th century in a poll by the IFFHS in 2004.
In October 2015, he became PSG's all time leading goalscorer.
Saulius Mikoliūnas is a Lithuanian professional footballer playing for Žalgiris Vilnius.
He left London in 1953 and joined the Canadian champions Toronto Ulster United, joining Len Garwood his former Tottenham teammate.
Elrich played seventeen games for the Australia national soccer team and played for Fulham F.C.
Buddle has also played for the United States national team, including two appearances at the 2010 FIFA World Cup.
Germán Darío Lux is an Argentine professional footballer who plays for Club Atlético River Plate as a goalkeeper.
He moved to Bayer Leverkusen for €4.1 million in 1999.
Bundesliga in 2003–04 and the relegation to Regionalliga Süd the following season.
Kemal Aslan is a Turkish professional footballer who plays as a midfielder.
He was the top goal scorer of 2008–09 Iran's Premier Football League.
Fletcher came through the ranks of Manchester United's Youth Academy and spent 20 years with United, making 342 appearances for the club.
Taylor died instantly in the Munich air disaster, 8 days after his 26th birthday and at the time was engaged to his fiancée Carol.
Torres joined Premier League club Liverpool in 2007, after signing for a club record transfer fee.
McManus was a product of Celtic's youth academy and had risen through the ranks to become first team captain ahead of the 2007–08 season.
He won the Scottish Cup in 2010 when on loan at Dundee United, and also won it two years later in his second spell at Hearts.
After not figuring in new manager Mark Hughes' plans Jerome joined Crystal Palace on loan for the 2013–14 season.
Giorgio Chinaglia was an Italian footballer who played as a striker.
Eduardo Alves da Silva, commonly known as Eduardo, sometimes nicknamed Dudu, is a Brazilian-born Croatian footballer who last played for Brazilian club Atlético Paranaense.
Buffon is widely regarded as one of the greatest goalkeepers of his generation, and as one of Italy's greatest ever goalkeepers.
He had a knack of scoring some crucial goals for the club and had a fine understanding with midfielders Steve Williams and David Armstrong.
Ehret has played for the French U-21 selection.
He was noted for his spectacular free kicks.
In January 2012, Cahill signed for Chelsea for approximately £7 million.
After five-and-a-half years with Villarreal, he returned to Italy, signing for Fiorentina in January 2013.
He was born in Lanark, and played as an inside forward.
Corrado Grabbi is a retired Italian football player who played as a forward.
An inside forward or half-back, he was part of the 1955 FA Youth Cup winning team that defeated West Bromwich Albion 7-1 on aggregate.
Emmanuel Eboué is a professional footballer who most recently played as a right back for Sunderland.
Sorfitu Tejan "Steve" Kabba is an English former professional footballer who played as a forward from 1999 to 2013.
Sylvain Distin is a French former footballer.
Ferrari played for Italy at the Summer Olympics in 2000 and 2004, winning Bronze at the latter edition of the tournament.
Sidney Rodrigue Noukpo Govou is a French international footballer who plays for FC Limonest in the Championnat de France Amateur 2.
Since then he has played for Livingston F.C.
He was part of the Japanese 2004 Olympic football team, which finished fourth in group B, below group winners Paraguay, Italy and Ghana.
Dariusz Paweł Dziekanowski is a Polish football player, coach and commentator.
His best season came in 2002, when he scored seven goals and six assists and added another goal in the playoffs.
Tölcséres followed in the mass exodus which many players leave.
Dean Laurence Kiely is a former professional footballer who played as a goalkeeper.
He has also played in Football League for Stoke City, Sheffield United, Leicester City, Derby County, Brighton & Hove Albion and Bradford City.
He was a fast-paced player who usually played as a Winger, and occasionally as a striker.
Alexander "Alex" Yi is a retired American soccer defender who last played for FC Dallas of Major League Soccer.
Born in Brazil, Motta is also a citizen of Italy.
He also made appearances for the French national football team, including scoring at Euro 1996 against Bulgaria.
He played for two seasons at West Ham United before returning to Middlesbrough.
Zamorano was nicknamed Bam Bam and Iván el Terrible.
At club level, he was a member of the Tampines Rovers team which won Singapore's S.League in 2004 and 2005.
Although Suarez had the option of playing for Uruguay, he committed himself to the United States, playing his only cap on May 26, 2003 against Wales.
In Gençlerbirliği's UEFA Cup campaign, he was one of the most influential players of the team.
Nevertheless, Berre's most important contribution to the team is perhaps his attitude, which can be described as optimistic, diligent, jovial and persevering.
Helton da Silva Arruda, known simply as Helton, is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper.
A few days later he was called up to a training camp held in Algiers in preparation of the 2004 African Nations Cup.
Johnsen is 188 cm tall, and was a good header of the ball.
Kevin Ara is an American soccer player, who played defensive midfielder for D.C. United.
Tobias Jan Håkan Linderoth is a former Swedish football player.
Washington scored 15 in his first season back with the Crew, but his production declined during the next two seasons and he wasn't re-signed in 2003.
She was an Olympic gold medalist at the 2012 London Olympics and a silver medalist at the 2011 FIFA Women's World Cup.
His younger brother Gary was also a defender and Scotland international and was formerly the manager of Wigan Athletic.
Källström won a range of domestic honours with Lyon and joined Spartak in 2012.
Brittany Christine Bock is an American soccer midfielder currently playing for the Chicago Red Stars of the National Women's Soccer League.
Gomes represented Portugal in two World Cups and three European Championships.
Tomáš Řepka is a Czech retired professional football defender.
Clemente Juan Rodríguez is an Argentine footballer who plays for Club Atlético Colón.
Currently he is goalkeepers trainer for his last club Polonia Warsaw
He began his career at Manchester City, making 245 appearances across all competitions in ten seasons.
Alioum Saidou is a Cameroonian football Defensive midfielder who is unattached.
He made a total of 120 appearances for Estonia and was the team's captain.
He currently plays for Universitario de Deportes of the Peruvian Primera División and the Panamanian national team.
He is playing coach for Moldovan club Spicul Chișcăreni.
Graham Branch is a retired footballer who played the majority of his career for English Championship side Burnley.
Chris Tadrosse is an Australian footballer who plays for Bonnyrigg White Eagles.
He comes from a family of footballers, and his brother Jostein Flo and his cousin Håvard Flo have also been capped for Norway.
He made his debut for the senior England team in 2006 against Uruguay, and has since made 13 appearances for England, scoring four goals.
Valdez was later loaned out to Valencia and went on to enjoy stints with Al Jazira and Olympiacos.
Matt Pickens is an American soccer player who currently plays for the Tampa Bay Rowdies in the United Soccer League.
During his club career, he played for Messina, Juventus, Internazionale and Júbilo Iwata.
Asprilla was known by his supporters in his home country as The Octopus for his voracious appetite.
He appeared for Cameroon at the 2002 World Cup and three Africa Cup of Nations tournaments.
After many speculations, after three bad seasons and after defending the Rayos jersey for more than 5 years, Moreno parted ways with Necaxa.
He is currently contracted to Molde FK as analysis manager and talent scout.
In 2004, Warren again found himself as a backup to Rimando.
His biggest success came in 1972 when he won the Polish cup as well as appearing in several Polish international matches.
He would not turn fully professional for another three years, and would still work as a teacher when not playing.
Upon his arrival in MLS, Suarez was touted as a prospect for the US national team's right back position.
In September 1921 he made the long journey south by train from Buckie to join London side Arsenal.
Kelly Alexandre Youga is a Central African footballer who plays as a defender for the Central African Republic national football team.
Ross McCormack is a Scottish professional footballer who plays as a striker for Championship club Aston Villa, and the Scotland national team.
Nelson Ndukwe Akwari is a retired American soccer player.
He made his debut in May 2002 although his next appearance did not come until nearly eleven years later in February 2013.
Mohammed Alí Amar, known as Nayim, is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a central midfielder.
Mendoza has played 42 games for 1680 minutes.
Enckelman represented Finland and previously played for TPS Turku, Aston Villa, Blackburn Rovers, Cardiff City, St Johnstone and Heart of Midlothian.
He currently plays for the South African team FC Cape Town.
Garlick went on trial to Waterford United in 1994.
After two seasons with Derby, Dailly moved to Blackburn Rovers for a transfer fee of £5,350,000.
Buchan was responsible, along with Herbert Chapman for Arsenal's adoption of the WM formation which eventually brought Arsenal significant success in the 1930s.
Willi Bars is a former German footballer.
Alain Sutter was one of the most successful Swiss football players during the 1990s.
He won a silver medal with the Danish team at the 1912 Summer Olympics.
He then went on to play non-league football until his retirement.
Jonas Okétola is a Nigeria-Beninese former footballer.
At the time of his retirement, he had played at 91 out of the 92 Football League grounds – every one except Fulham's Craven Cottage.
Edward "Eddie" Colman was an English football player and one of the eight Manchester United players who lost their lives in the Munich air disaster.
Totti also holds the record for the youngest club captain in the history of Serie A.
With 1114 official games played, he is fifth player in history with the most career appearances.
Otmane El Assas is a Moroccan footballer who is a midfielder for Qatar Stars League outfit Umm Salal on loan from Al Gharrafa.
Alec Lindsay is an English former footballer who played in the Football League for Bury, Liverpool and Stoke City.
He signed with Sheffield Wednesday in June 2012, and stayed with the club for two years.
Hitzlsperger also represented the German national team, earning 52 caps and being selected for the 2006 World Cup and Euro 2008.
Internationally, Fàbregas made his debut for the Spanish national team in March 2006.
I came in for pre-season while I was in a contract dispute with the club.
Ashikodi has played semi-professional football for Ebbsfleet United, Kettering Town, York City, Enfield Town, Margate, Farnborough, Cray Wanderers, A.F.C.
His career has been noted for a number of high-profile disagreements with club management.
Per Ciljan Skjelbred is a Norwegian footballer who currently plays as a midfielder for Hertha Berlin.
He spent almost his entire career playing for FK Željezničar.
He plays international football for the Cameroon national team, with whom he played in the 2006 African Cup of Nations.
Douglas Edward Alexander Gustafsson McIntosh is a retired American-born Swedish footballer who last played as a goalkeeper for Red Bull Salzburg.
He moved on to Wolverhampton Wanderers and Newcastle United.
Rocastle is seen as a universally popular, iconic and legendary figure by many fans of the Gooners.
He scored 17 goals and 26 assists in his last three seasons combined.
Patrick Anthony Cregg is an Irish footballer who last played for St Patrick's Athletic in the League of Ireland Premier Division.
However, the following two seasons saw Hart return from injury where he able to play a more substantial role with team.
"Biscuits", as he is nicknamed, re-signed from Avondale F.C.
Originally a central defender, he featured in a defensive midfield role in his later years.
She is a Norwegian women's international having made her debut at the age of 16.
He also owns two beauty salons in Kraków.
He died of a heart attack on 15 May 2010 at the age of 22.
He made his debut for the full national team in July 2011, and played at the 2014 FIFA World Cup.
He is the record goalscorer for the England national team and for Manchester United.
Michael Julius Gravgaard is a Danish former football player, who effectively ended his playing career at FC Nantes in May 2010.
Kabirou Moussoro Moubang is a former Cameroon-born, Beninese football player.
Following two seasons in the American Women's Professional Soccer with Chicago Red Stars, Carney rejoined Birmingham ahead of the 2011 FA WSL.
He had two loan spells with Queens Park Rangers, before he was sold on to Charlton Athletic for £100,000 in February 2004.
Deon John Burton is a former professional footballer who played as a striker.
Thomas Holm is a retired Norwegian football player.
Although he was given most of the credit for the 3–2 win, some commentators wished he had made an effort to run up a bigger score.
He played for Liverpool, Sunderland, Leeds United, Blackburn Rovers and Stoke City.
He also represented New Zealand in Test cricket.
Although he was released by his first club, Middlesbrough, early in his career, he was subsequently signed by Juventus in 1999.
Adler has played internationally for Germany twice at under-19 and fourteen times at the under-20 level.
He joined Salford City in October 2011.
Gabriel Omar Batistuta, nicknamed Batigol [batiˈɣol] as well as El Ángel Gabriel [el ˌaŋxel ɣaˈβɾjel], is a retired Argentine professional footballer.
José Santiago Cañizares Ruiz is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a goalkeeper.
Throughout his playing career, Ronaldinho accumulated numerous other individual honours.
Hardy, something of a shrewd character, wouldn't sign the forms until Hoskin promised to pay him 18 shillings when the original offer was 5 shillings.
He was waived at the end of the latter season.
Cristian Radu Silvășan is a former Romanian football player.
of Liga MX on loan from Santos Laguna.
Jaime Bryant Piet Peters is a Canadian soccer player who plays as a right wingback and is currently without a club.
He also appeared for Benfica during four months in 1993, and his later years were blighted by injury problems.
He moved on to Wimbledon in 1991, where he also spent nine years.
Đorđević also played for the national team of Serbia and Montenegro, amassing 37 caps and 1 goal.
He also played for Huddersfield Town and Stoke City as well as the England under-23 national side
During his career, he has played for St Patrick's Athletic, FC Haka, Sporting Fingal, Virginia Beach Mariners, UCD, Notts County and Brighton & Hove Albion.
Michael Quinn is an English retired professional footballer.
Willem Cornelis Nicolaas "Wim" Kieft is a Dutch retired footballer who played as a centre forward.
He retired from international football in 2007.
Christopher "Chris" Henderson is a former American soccer midfielder who earned 79 caps with the U.S. national team.
Having started in the 1992/1993 season, Bąk also played for Ruch Chorzów, Polonia Warszawa, Birmingham City, Widzew Łódź and Amica Wronki.
Ryan Robert Jarvis is an English semi-professional footballer who plays as a striker for King's Lynn.
He is the all-time highest goalscorer in the Argentine first division, with 295 goals according to Argentine Football Association.
In 2004, he joined Southampton, where he was converted to a striker.
Federico Gastón Nieto is an Argentine professional footballer currently playing for Barcelona SC.
He played for NAC Breda in the 2009–10 season.
Tokely was ICT's longest serving player and currently holds their appearance record.
Alessandro Pistone is a former Italian footballer, who played as a fullback.
Amankwaah enjoyed successful stints at Bristol City and Swindon Town.
He spent the 2011–12 season at Stoke and after his contract expired he re-signed for Middlesbrough.
In September 2014 he joined Colchester United in a similar role.
Robbie Foy is a professional football player.
For the 2005–06 campaign, Dreher was summoned out of "semi-retirement" and handed a new, one-year pro contract.
He played 166 games and scored 37 goals for the club.
He spent most of his career with Boca Juniors, but also had a significant spell in Spain with Villarreal.
His previous clubs include Manchester City, Cardiff City, Celtic, Middlesbrough and Aberdeen.
He was one of the stars of Brazil's 1970 FIFA World Cup winning team.
He was part of their squads which won the 2014 Caribbean Cup and competed at the 2015 Copa América.
Nicknamed Tarzan for the way of throwing himself for the ball, he started his professional career with Ferrocarril Oeste in 1955, where he played until 1959.
Mamadou Bagayoko is a French-born Malian international football striker.
A prolific goal scorer at club and national levels, Borgetti was renowned for his heading ability.
Thomson was also part of the Rangers side which reached the 2008 UEFA Cup Final.
From his debut in 2001, he has played 22 matches for the Norway national football team.
Born in Aylesbury, England, Boyce started his career at the age of sixteen as an apprentice at Luton Town.
Riquelme was named the Argentine Footballer of the Year four times.
In 1962, he joined Cardiff City for £18,000, where he spent three seasons before finishing his professional career with a second spell with Swansea Town.
Anatoliy Oleksandrovych Tymoshchuk is a Ukrainian former football midfielder.
Roma stayed with Boca until his retirement in 1972, becoming one of the biggest idols of the club, with total of 323 matches in all competitions.
The next six months were sort of a drought, for he only scored three goals.
He then played ten games with the Fort Wayne Flames of the American Indoor Soccer Association during the 1986–1987 season before retiring from professional soccer.
He also helped steer Köln to their first championship final in 1953.
Adrian Serioux is a Canadian soccer player who is currently a free agent.
Masudi managed to score the only goal for Congo in the competition.
His immediate progress earned him a call-up from Jupp Derwall for Germany.
Serjio Roberto Livingstone Pohlhammer, later simply known as Sergio Livingstone, was a Chilean goalkeeper, who later became a well regarded journalist.
He is regarded as one of the greatest Italian defenders of all time, being elected by Pelé to be part of the FIFA 100 in 2004.
Internationally, Katsouranis represented the Greece national team between 2002 and 2015.
He was killed on 6 February 1958 in the crash at Munich airport after the plane stopped to refuel on the return flight.
On November 22, 1942 Adamkiewicz scored his only international goal.
Andrew Lewis Goram is a Scottish former footballer, who played as a goalkeeper.
He also played in the Football League for Lincoln City, Blackpool, Bolton Wanderers, Portsmouth, Nottingham Forest, Stoke City, Notts County and Darlington.
Bertrand "Bert" Arthur Patenaude was an American soccer player.
Paul James Gallacher is a Scottish professional football goalkeeper who currently is the goalkeeping coach for Heart of Midlothian.
Acuña played 100 times for Paraguay, representing the nation in three World Cups and four Copa América tournaments.
His son Calum Best was born in 1981 from his first marriage.
Busch spent the first few years of his career playing in minor leagues in the United States.
Jean-Michel Liade Gnonka is a Burkinabé football player who plays for Thai club Krabi.
He spent one season, the 2010–11 season, on loan with Leeds United before returning in 2011 to play on loan for West Ham.
He is one of the top all-time goalscorers for the Mexico national team.
A sturdy left back, Unitt has won over 100 caps for the England women's national football team since her debut in August 2000.
As a player, he was a striker from 1987 to 2004.
As of 3 March 2016, Pizarro is the fifth highest goalscorer in Bundesliga history with 190 goals.
He has great ball skills"  and has also played as a defender at times in his career.
He began his college soccer career at Indiana University, where he played in 1999.
Angelos Basinas is a retired Greek international footballer who played as a defensive midfielder.
In Regensburg he acquired the nickname "Bimbo" in reference to Franz Binder.
Tully achieved this feat again in 1953, not once but twice against Falkirk in a Scottish Cup tie at Brockville.
He played college soccer at Fullerton State, but left it after his sophomore season, becoming one of the early Project-40 signings in MLS history.
In the summer of 2005, he joined Scottish Premier League side Celtic.
An Argentine international in the 2000s, Galletti appeared with the national team at the 2005 Confederations Cup.
Essien can also play as a defender, both on the right of defence and in the centre.
James Almond was an English footballer who played as a left-half.
Jonatan Berg is a former Swedish footballer.
Collins Mbesuma is a Zambian footballer who currently plays for South African club Mpumalanga Black Aces.
He has also played in Switzerland, the United States and France.
Atilio José Demaría was an Italian Argentine footballer, who played as a striker.
Blessing Kaku is a former Nigerian international football player, who was a member of the national squad at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney.
As well being such an accomplished club player, Tully played international football for Northern Ireland.
On 22 November 1950 he participated in his first and only international in the German national team, a 1-0 victory against Switzerland.
In 2006, he moved to Lierse for a free transfer.
Bramble began his career at Ipswich Town in 1998, where he made 48 appearances between 1998 and 2002.
He was part of the Serbian national team from 2002 to 2011.
Gostha Behari Pal was an Indian professional football player.
Sergio Zanetti is a manager of U18 Internazionale side and a former football defender.
His appearances soon attracted the attention of English Premier League club Manchester United, who signed him in 2003.
Born and raised in central Argentina, Messi was diagnosed with a growth hormone deficiency as a child.
Born in the Georgian capital Tbilisi, his first professional club was Mretebi Tbilisi.
He has notably played for Olympique Lyonnais, Paris Saint Germain, A.C. Milan, Olympique Marseille and Bolton Wanderers as well as earning 6 caps for France.
His primary position is as a winger but he can also play as a forward.
Born in Leicester, he was capped four times for England.
Rooney joined the Everton youth team at the age of 9, and made his professional debut for the club in 2002 at the age of 16.
He died suddenly while on holiday in 1996, at the age of 67.
Bridge made 36 appearances for the England national team between 2002 and 2009, being selected for two FIFA World Cup squads and UEFA Euro 2004.
He has since entered politics and law.
Džajić is viewed by some football experts as perhaps one of the most underrated players in European football, partly because he played in Yugoslavia.
He then went on to coach a local club, WASA, for the u12A girls team.
Darren Barr Fletcher is a Scottish professional footballer who plays as a central midfielder for Stoke City and the Scotland national team.
During his first season at QPR he would achieve his second promotion to the Premier League and his first Championship winners medal.
She left Everton in 2012 for a two-year stint at Birmingham City and later played for Notts County in 2014.
Daniele Emilio Massaro is an Italian former footballer, who played as a forward.
He spent his early career at Barcelona, where he was injury-prone.
Herpoel was selected 39 times for Belgium but he gathered only 7 caps.
Since 2001 Lazarov is playing in the Bulgaria national football team.
He also spent a short period of time in the USL A-League with the Portland Timbers.
He has also played on loan at Sunderland, Mallorca, Nottingham Forest and Bolton Wanderers.
After a trial with Manchester City, he joined City's youth academy.
Howard began his career with the North Jersey Imperials before making a move to the MetroStars.
Marco Delvecchio is a retired Italian footballer, who played as a forward.
He began playing in South Africa with Kaizer Chiefs, before transferring to Leeds United, where he played 200 matches for the Yorkshire side.
Ólafur Ingi Skúlason is an Icelandic footballer and a midfielder who plays for Karabükspor.
He is regarded by fans as a 'fearless defensive midfielder who is very capable in the air as well as with his feet'.
Herbert "Bert" Whalley was a footballer for Manchester United from 1934 to 1946, later serving on the coaching staff at the club.
He was on the six man short list for the BBC's Sports Personality of the Century in 1999.
The English media anglicised his name to Heidar when he joined Watford – it is by this given name that he is commonly known in England.
Cudicini is currently a club ambassador and assistant to the first team head coach at Chelsea F.C.
In the same year, Moran scored an injury-time winner in the 4th Round of the FA Cup, away to arch rivals Portsmouth.
Matthew Le Tissier is a Guernésiais and English former professional footballer and football television presenter.
Joseph Martin "Joey" O'Brien is an Irish footballer who plays as a full-back.
Alberto García Aspe Mena is a retired Mexican football midfielder.
He has previously played for Nottingham Forest, Southampton, Leeds United, Colchester United and Swindon Town, as well as representing England at Under 21 level 25 times.
Peter James Crouch is an English professional footballer who plays as a striker for Premier League club Stoke City.
He joined Everton as an apprentice in 1929 after playing for Thorne Colliery in Yorkshire and made in debut in 1930.
He is the all-time top scorer of the Italy U-21 national team with 19 goals in 30 appearances.
He then returned to Finland to sign for newly promoted FC Honka.
A Belgian international for 12 years, Degryse represented the nation in two World Cups.
Lambert made his international debut on 20 April 1966 in a 0–3 friendly win against France and he scored.
Nelson Mandela said of Radebe: "This is my hero."
He has been voted Reading's best ever player three times.
Sauso played for Vaasan Palloseura and FC Hämeenlinna in Veikkausliiga before moving to Sweden and Örgryte for the 2005 season.
Zeshan "Zesh" Rehman is a British-Pakistani professional footballer who currently plays as a defender for Hong Kong Premier League club Southern.
Moore has represented England at England U21 level and is the younger brother of former professional footballer, Stefan Moore.
Three years later he moved to the Premier League with West Ham United, and later Liverpool.
Then, in June 2001, Pezzarossi moved to Chilean side Palestino.
For the 2010–11 season, Bellamy dropped down a division to the Championship in order to represent his boyhood club, Cardiff City, on a season-long loan.
He obtained a transfer from Independiente on October 21, 2005 but was only allowed to play for Anderlecht since January 2006.
Jarvis has represented England at under-16, under-17 and under-19 levels.
It is not the true story, not at all.
A versatile player, he can play in midfield or at left-back.
He played in the Football League for Huddersfield Town, Plymouth Argyle, Notts County, Bury and Carlisle United.
He was named in the FIFA World XI in 2008 and 2009.
A Brazilian international on 44 occasions, Luisão appeared for the country in two World Cups and three Copa América tournaments.
Patrick Anthony "Pat" Jennings OBE is a former Northern Irish football player.
A talented dribbler as well as a cool finisher and adequate passer, he only ever missed two penalties in his entire career.
He spent three years with Birmingham, during which he spent time on loan at Middlesbrough, Queens Park Rangers, Wolverhampton Wanderers, and Sheffield United.
Volpi capped twice for Italy and had spent over 10 seasons at Serie A.
She played as a midfielder for the Michigan Chill SC of the WPSL .
In March 2014, Rivaldo announced his retirement from professional football, however since June 2015 he made appearances for Mogi Mirim.
In the summer of 2007, Piper participated in pre-season training at Mansfield Town, in an attempt to rebuild his fitness.
He has also worked for Al Jazeera Sports, Eredivisie Live, NBC Sports Network and currently hosts BT Sport's coverage of the UEFA Champions League.
He joined Portsmouth on loan before leaving to join Spanish side Real Zaragoza in 2009.
Soon after that, he moved to America to play for the highest-profile team in the country, the New York Cosmos, beginning in the 1979 season.
Deividas Šemberas is a retired Lithuanian professional footballer who played as a defender and a defensive midfielder.
Beeck's career ended after he suffered a knee injury when playing for Cottbus.
Thomas Gravesen is a Danish former professional footballer who played as a midfielder.
Agathe began his career at French side Montpellier HSC before moving to Scotland to join Raith Rovers and then Hibernian.
In January 2012, Timlin made a permanent transfer to Southend United, after his second loan spell with them had ended.
Primarily a central defender, he could also operate as a defensive right back.
He became the nation's first-choice goalkeeper at the 2002 FIFA World Cup and went on to play at UEFA Euro 2004 and the 2006 World Cup.
He began his professional career at Dundee United in 1990.
Van der Sar has won several individual awards, including Best European Goalkeeper in 1995 and 2009, and UEFA Club Goalkeeper of the Year in 2009.
Jukka Sauso is a Finnish footballer who currently plays for Jönköpings Södra IF in Sweden.
Nenad Jestrović is a Serbian former professional footballer who played as a striker.
He debuted at Sarıyer G.K. when he was 14.
He was eligible to play for either England or the Republic of Ireland, but chose to play for England.
He played 81 times for the England national football team between 1997 and 2011, and was a member of three FIFA World Cup squads.
He is the only Dutchman to ever be nominated to the FIFPro World XI.
He scored 13 goals in 42 caps for the national team.
He later led a consortium that invested in his old club Leicester, saving it from bankruptcy, and was appointed honorary vice-president.
Koumas is of Greek Cypriot descent and is a former Welsh international.
Trevor Lloyd Sinclair is an English former professional footballer.
St. Pauli, he attracted the attention of the Gençlerbirliği chairman İlhan Cavcav and he was transferred to Gençlerbirliği.
He is currently head coach of Brentford's Community Sports Trust's youth teams.
Leamington won the Southern League title in 2012–13.
In the Norwegian second division, Bodø/Glimt finished in seventh place in 1987.
He was also the starting goalkeeper of the Turkey side that reached the semi-finals of UEFA Euro 2008.
Kanouté began his career with Lyon in France before moving to West Ham of the Premier League in 2000.
He is also a former captain of his national team, which he led to the 2014 FIFA World Cup, before retiring from international football.
He played 566 Serie A games, putting him 4th on the all-time list for appearances in Italy's top flight.
Luke Martin McCormick is an English professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Plymouth Argyle.
Youngsters Dave Bacuzzi and Eddie Magill shared the right-back spot during 1961-62, with Wills not getting a single game.
He currently plays for Belgian side RWDM Brussels.
Roeselare, the United States for Chicago Fire, Azerbaijan for Gabala FC and in Iran for Mes Sarcheshmeh F.C..
Emmanuel Addoquaye Pappoe is a Ghanaian footballer who currently plays for Liberty Professionals F.C..
and was also the goalkeeper for the Turkey national football team.
Darius Martin Clarke Vassell is an English retired footballer who played as a forward for Aston Villa, Manchester City, Ankaragücü and Leicester City.
Victor Okechukwu Agali is a Nigerian footballer who last played for Jiangsu Sainty.
It was Liverpool who won the race and signed Diao for £5 million in 2002.
Throughout his playing career, he represented Saint-Étienne, Lyon, Atlético Madrid and Paris Saint-Germain, as well as the France national team.
Ronny Rosenthal, nicknamed "Rocket Ronny", is an Israeli former footballer.
Erik André Huseklepp is a Norwegian footballer who plays for Haugesund and the Norwegian national team.
He has spent his entire career at FC Dynamo Kyiv in the Ukrainian Premier League.
He is the son of former Norway international Odd Iversen, one of Norway's most prolific goalscorers of all time.
Mascherano began his career at River Plate, where he earned his first senior honours, the Primera División Argentina, in 2003–04.
He used to play as forward, but has since 2006 primarily been used as a rightwing midfielder by IFK Göteborg.
Chris Carrieri is an American soccer player who most recently played for Richmond Kickers in the USL Second Division.
He made a single appearance for the England national football team, and later in life was a coach and manager for Maidstone United.
He is currently working as the head soccer coach for Newport High School in Bellevue, Washington in the United States.
He also competed in his home country with River Plate, in Spain with Espanyol and Málaga and in England with Manchester City.
Due to the consistency of Reis, Warren did not appear in MLS play in 2006 or 2007, although he remained the Revolution's second-choice keeper.
He made his debut for them in 2010 and played at the 2014 FIFA World Cup, scoring a notable goal against Portugal.
He is now a lead coach within the Ipswich Town FC Academy
Howarth was linked with a season-long loan move to St Johnstone in July 2006, but after a trial the Saints dropped their interest in Howarth.
Béla Koplárovics is a Hungarian international football player of Kozármisleny SE since summer 2010.
In 2010 he signed for Swansea City and in 2012 for Manchester City, who loaned him to West Bromwich Albion and Aston Villa.
Villa returned to Mexico for the Verano 1999 season to play with América.
He was the mayor of his home town for eight years, but was removed from duty due to corruption.
He is the father of a footballer Dino Špehar.
He has scored more goals than any other Scottish player in the FA Premier League.
He was a talented left-footed player who excelled with his dribbling, technique, passing range and strong shot.
He is the player with third most matches in the Norwegian Premier League.
He then switched to Premier League side Fulham, and made 218 appearances for the club until he moved to Chelsea in 2013.
In eleven seasons at Cardiff, Whittingham has played over 400 first team matches and sits eighth in their all time appearances list.
Following Start's relegation from the Norwegian Premier League in 2007, he was transferred out to Fluminense for the 2008 season in Brazil.
Michelle Anne Akers is an American former soccer player, who starred in the historic 1991 and 1999 Women's World Cup victories by the United States.
Gilles Grimandi is a French retired footballer who currently is a scout for Arsenal.
Johnstone was the first of the five to leave Hibs, when he was sold to Manchester City in 1955.
He was a defender and the team captain of FC Energie Cottbus in the 2.
Currently is working for Omonoia Lefkosias as Technical Director
With the club, he has won the Coppa Italia twice and the 2007 Supercoppa Italiana.
Following retirement, he returned to Ipswich Town, initially as a scout and then as a coach.
He went on to have brief spells with Blackpool, Charlton Athletic, Bury, Accrington Stanley, and Port Vale.
He finished top scorer of the Belgian First Division in 1999-2000 with the same number of goals as Ole Martin Årst.
Dan Anton Johansen is a former Danish professional footballer currently playing for Hvidovre IF.
Robert Emmanuel Pirès is a former French footballer and footballing coach.
Xavi has won 30 trophies, only surpassed by Andrés Iniesta as the most successful Spanish player in history.
Orlando Perez is an American soccer defender, who played eight seasons in Major League Soccer.
He moved to America in March 2016 to play for the Tampa Bay Rowdies.
Roqué died in June 2012 at the age of 23, due to cancer.
His commanding presence in goal and aggressive style earned him nicknames such as Der Titan from the press and Vol-kahn-o from fans.
On 3 October 2014 Ramage again joined Barnsley on a three-month loan.
Rhine played college soccer at the University of Connecticut from 1994 to 1998.
He succeeded in the role, taking the club to second place in the 2002–03 season.
She is signed to Chelsea Ladies of the FA WSL and is a member of the England women's national football team.
He was capped for Scotland seven times but made himself unavailable for selection for the national team due to a dispute with the Scottish Football Association.
A Portuguese international since 2007, Bosingwa represented the nation at Euro 2008 and the 2004 Olympics.
Six months later he had been impressive enough to earn a place at Süper Lig side MKE Ankaragücü.
His most notable individual moment was his goal in the Champions League against A.C. Milan.
During this time he even started taking penalties for the club scoring one against Cork Hibs on 10 December 1972.
He was a part of the Denmark team that won the 1995 King Fahd Cup.
After leaving Nigeria for Italy at age 16, he has since played for a number of top-division clubs around Europe.
He was then acquired by Real Salt Lake, in exchange for salary budget considerations sent to Columbus.
He is still remembered with great affection at both Sheffield United and Preston.
Currently, he plays for KV Westmalle, in the Belgian Provincial leagues.
Alan O'Brien is an Irish association football player who is currently playing for Hungerford Town.
He played two matches and scored a single goal for the Danish national team.
Josip Weber is a Croatian-Belgian retired professional football forward.
Named the Croatian Footballer of the Year in 2009 and 2010, Olić appeared with Bayern Munich in two UEFA Champions League finals in 2010 and 2012.
She won the Golden Boot as the top scorer in the 1991 tournament.
Mathew Mark Birley is an English professional footballer who plays as a midfielder.
Brazil never lost a match while fielding both Garrincha and Pelé.
Pape "Papa" Bouba Diop is a retired Senegalese footballer.
Bernard Mendy is a French footballer who plays for Chennaiyin FC in Indian Super League.
A product of the American college system, Smith broke records with Seton Hall University then played professionally with Women's United Soccer Association franchise Philadelphia Charge.
Kwabena Joseph Joetex Asamoah Frimpong is a retired Ghanaian professional football striker
In 2009, the French sports magazine L'Équipe named De Rossi as the eighth-best midfielder in the world.
He is known for his speed on the ball.
Henry enjoyed success with the French national team, winning the 1998 FIFA World Cup, UEFA Euro 2000 and 2003 FIFA Confederations Cup.
Lawrence played in three full internationals for Scotland during the 1960s.
In November 2009, German Villa signed a contract with Querétaro to play at least one year.
He is the younger brother of a retired former Denmark international player Niclas Jensen.
Danny Karbassiyoon is an American former professional soccer player who played for English sides Arsenal, Ipswich Town and Burnley.
He has represented the Australian under 20 team and the under 23 side.
He was released by the club after the 2013–14 season.
Branimir Petrović is a Serbian football midfielder.
Nedvěd was a key member of the Czech team which reached the final of Euro 1996, during which he attracted international attention.
Although Preston lost the Third Division playoff final 4-2 to Wycombe Wanderers, Bryson himself scored with a spectacular overhead kick.
He remained there for three seasons, but his spell was marred by disciplinary problems and malaria.
Léonard represented Belgium at Euro 2000, being an international over a 12-year period.
Sōta Hirayama, is a Japanese footballer who currently plays for Vegalta Sendai.
He later coached Dartmouth College in the U.S. and served as the Director of Goalkeeping for Texas Premier SC.
He has been the goalkeeper coach for Ottawa Fury FC of the North American Soccer League since 2014.
Braine played in 54 matches for the Belgium national football team and scored 26 times, making him Belgium's 5th top all-time scorer.
He is often referred to by his nickname "El Gringo", given to him in his childhood because his parents are both Spanish, and his blue eyes.
In the 2011–12 season he improved and won the Fans Player of the Season award.
The North Island cricket team is a representative cricket team based in New Zealand.
He is known as a versatile and pacy striker who is skilled with headers and can play as a supporting or centre-forward.
Nassim Akrour is an Algerian international footballer.
He immediately slotted into the starting lineup, and finished the season with a goal and seven assists in 13 games.
During a 14-year senior career, Portillo represented Hércules in all three major levels of Spanish football.
The most prolific goalscoring spell of his career, he became the fastest player in Liverpool history to score 50 league goals.
He can also operate as a central midfielder and centre-back.
He was 17 years old at the time and the final result of the match 0–2.
He was a strong player with an excellent first touch, intelligence, and all round ability.
He then transferred to Necaxa where he played one tournament.
He previously played for FC Nantes, Stade Rennais, RC Lens, FC Sion in Switzerland and FC Lorient.
Grün is the sixth most capped player for Belgium with 77 caps.
Stephen Warnock is an English professional footballer who plays as a defender for Championship club Burton Albion.
Bullard was known for being a passionate leader on the pitch and for his funny antics, playing football with a smile throughout his career.
Jean Ronny Johnsen is a Norwegian former footballer who played at both professional and international levels as a centre back or defensive midfielder.
Badr El Kaddouri is a former Moroccan footballer, who last played for Ukrainian Premier League side Dynamo Kyiv.
Magno is famous for reaching out to 2.5 Tony and regularly landing daqs for Paulo Freitas and Simon Dawkins.
The transfer became one of the most controversial and high-profile Bosman rulings of all time.
Three successful seasons followed, with Messi winning three consecutive FIFA Ballons d'Or, including an unprecedented fourth.
On 26/06/2008 he decided to join Daniel Jammer's Maccabi Netanya after having troubles with officials from Maccabi Tel Aviv.
In 2007, he released his autobiography, titled Transformed, which details his conversion to Christianity.
Klasnić played also for the Croatian national football team.
His international career took place from August 2005 until September 2007, where he played 18 matches and scored five goals for the Danish national team.
He has represented the Tunisian national team in three World Cups, gaining a total of 66 caps before retiring from international football in 2006.
In 2000, he played twelve games with the MLS Pro-40 team.
Hogan Phillip Ephraim is an English footballer who currently plays for National League South Whitehawk.
Adama Coulibaly is a Malian football defender.
Injuries restricted his time at Carrow Road and he moved to Milton Keynes Dons in October 2008.
José Carlos Cancela Durán is a Uruguayan soccer player who plays attacking midfielder for A.D. Belén in Costa Rica.
He then had spells with Charlton Athletic and Scottish side Rangers.
Zanetti is also a Global Ambassador for the Special Olympics.
Totti is the fifth-highest scoring Italian in all competitions, with 316 goals.
José Manuel "Pepe" Reina Páez is a Spanish footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Italian club Napoli and the Spain national team.
Youssef Sofiane is a French–Algerian football player.
He later played for FC Lucerne of the Swiss Football League for two seasons in the mid-1990s.
He currently plays for Celaya as a forward.
Julen Guerrero López is a Spanish retired footballer who played solely for Athletic Bilbao.
During his time at Ipswich, he had a loan spell at Colchester United, where he made two appearances during the 1999–2000 season.
Dan Martin Nataniel Dahlin is a former Swedish footballer who played as a striker.
He spent the 2013–14 season with Blackpool and 2014–15 with Millwall.
Dwayne Anthony De Rosario is a retired Canadian professional soccer player, who played as a forward or as an attacking midfielder.
Reuser spent a lot of the season on the sidelines, and the side finished 16th in the table, which meant play-offs again for Reuser.
Roso's form in 2004 got him called up for Croatia, so he played for his birth country at Euro 2004.
He was also capped nearly 70 times for the Bulgarian national team, for which he appeared in four major international competitions.
He later rejoined Oldham as goalkeeping coach.
Mareš played in ten matches as part of the Czech Republic national football team between 2002 and 2006.
He played 87 international games for Turkey between 1995 and 2005, making him Turkey's sixth-most capped player of all time.
He is currently Director of Football in Strømsgodset.
In May 2013, he confirmed his intention to retire from football.
He left Palmeiras and signed with Flamengo, of Rio de Janeiro in 2000.
He made his Brann senior-team debut in 1960, while still only 17.
He spent a decade abroad, playing for clubs in Netherlands, England, Scotland, Germany, and Mexico before returning stateside in 2014.
After retirement as a player, he worked as a pundit for RTÉ Sport, and successfully completed the UEFA Pro Licence coaching qualification in 2011.
He was the fourth of eleven children.
Gambrinus league in the match against FC Viktoria Plzeň on 28 August 2005.
Luke Harry Chadwick is an English former professional footballer who last played for Soham Town Rangers as a midfielder.
He finished his career at LMU with 46 goals and 22 assists.
Mendoza was sent to Monterrey before the Clausra 2003 season started.
He played 22 matches and scored once for the Croatian national team, representing them at Euro 2004.
Rudolf "Rudi" Smidts is a former Belgian football defender.
Campo represented Spain in the 1998 World Cup.
Dailly made 67 full international appearances for Scotland between 1997 and 2008.
He was also a member o Iran national football team.
Marco Antônio, real name Marco Antônio Feliciano, was an association footballer.
He captains both Serie A club Juventus and the Italy national team.
Sun founded Beijing Haiqiu Technology Company in Feb of 2016, while he still played for Beijing Renhe FC in the China League One division.
Cato Guntveit is a retired Norwegian footballer who played for SK Brann the most of his career.
Hibbert's one-club man status, coupled with his down to earth demeanour, earned him the status of cult figure among Everton fans.
Gonzalo Sorondo Amaro is a Uruguayan footballer who last played for Defensor.
He made the move from non-league Leek Town to Port Vale in 1981, where he remained for three years before he signed with Leicester City.
He was described as "an ideal centre forward".
Drew Moor is an American professional soccer player who currently plays for Toronto FC in Major League Soccer.
Héctor "El Pity" Altamirano Escudero is a retired Mexican footballer.
In 1998, he received the Bola de Ouro, the award given to the best player of the Campeonato Brasileiro Série A.
He started his career as a youth playing for Romulus before joining Aston Villa's academy, captaining them to win the FA Youth Cup in 2003.
Charles George Male was an English footballer.
He played either as a striker or an attacking midfielder.
Richard Michael Duffy is a Welsh professional footballer who plays for EFL League Two club Notts County.
After spending the later part of the 2014–15 season with Wolverhampton Wanderers, he signed for Birmingham City in July 2015.
As a junior, Torres was again a first-team All-WCC selection, after scoring 11 goals and 3 assists.
Dmitri Olegovich Bulykin is an association footballer who last played as a striker for FC Volga Nizhny Novgorod in the Russian Premier League.
Formed at Bayern Munich, he spent six-and-a-half seasons at Hamburger SV before transferring to Sevilla in 2011.
Amongst other tournaments, Silva represented Uruguay at the 2002 World Cup, gaining nearly 50 caps.
Gabriel Popescu is a Romanian former footballer.
Bert Konterman is a former professional footballer from the Netherlands who played as a defender.
Ralf Alastair John Little is an English actor, writer and semi-professional footballer, working mainly in television comedy.
In 2004 and 2006 Unitt was named The Football Association's International Player of the Year.
Felipe Jorge Loureiro, known as Felipe, is a Brazilian retired footballer who plays primarily as a left wide midfielder.
He is currently the goalkeeper coach of Prespa Birlik.
This lengthy period of inactivity eventually cost him his spot as first-choice goalkeeper for the World Cup Finals, despite being named in the final squad.
He played only four Premier League matches for Wigan and returned to Scotland, spending three seasons troubled by injury at Rangers.
Martijn Franciscus Reuser is a former Dutch footballer who last played for NAC Breda in the Eredivisie.
Christopher Birchall CM is a former professional footballer who played as a midfielder.
Since retiring he has worked in the media, most recently on the Sky Sports show Soccer Saturday.
Paule retired early into the 2005 season because of post-concussion syndrome.
He also played one match for Haiti in a World Cup qualifier against Mexico.
With Werder Bremen, Mertesacker has won a DFB-Pokal title and finished runner-up in the 2008–09 UEFA Cup.
Van Galen is known in the Netherlands as "de geniale gek" which can be translated in English to "the brilliant madman".
Xavi is the first player in Barcelona's history to play 150 international matches.
Overall, Trezeguet scored 138 goals in 245 league appearances for Juventus, making him the fourth-highest goalscorer in the club's history.
He is currently a pundit for BT Sport.
Kevin Paul McNaughton is a Scottish former footballer, who played as a defender.
He will be sentenced in August 2017.
He represented France at two FIFA World Cups, UEFA Euro 2004, and two conquests of the FIFA Confederations Cup in 2001 and 2003.
Vidić was eventually selected as the new team captain of Manchester United at the start of the 2010–11 season.
He was quite light in an era when goalkeepers were barged into more often than today.
Saban is mostly known for playing at Maccabi Netanya, there he played 6 years, captained the club and won over 200 caps in all club competitions.
Necmi played for Trabzonspor in the late 1970s, becoming the first player of Trabzonspor who became the top scorer in Turkish 1st league.
Yahia was the first footballer to profit from the 2004 change in FIFA eligibility rules as he had played as a French youth international.
He signed for Motherwell for a third time in February 2017.
Tommasi earned 25 caps for Italy, and was a member of the team that took part at the 2002 World Cup.
In 2006, he moved to La Liga club Real Madrid, where he gained further notoriety for his poor behaviour, inconsistent performances, and poor work-rate.
He has made over 30 appearances in the Division 2 league.
From 1984 to 1985 he was club captain of Leeds and holds the record as the club's youngest ever player and record goalscorer.
Before the start of the 2005–06 season, Long joined Notts County after being released from Charlton.
In 2011, he was posthumously inducted into the Italian Football Hall of Fame.
He won the German Footballer of the Year award three times – in 2002, 2003 and 2005.
Ricardo de Oliveira is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays for Santos FC as a striker.
Trifon Marinov Ivanov was a Bulgarian international footballer who played as a defender.
He then spent time playing in India with FC Pune City before returning to England where he signed a short-term contract with Wigan Athletic.
He scored his 100th career league goal with a penalty against Sheffield Wednesday for Derby on 3 October 2009.
Cristian Alberto 'Kily' González Peret is an Argentine retired footballer who played mainly as a left winger.
His retirement came at the end of Arsenal's domestic double-winning 2001–02 season, their second in his time at the club.
Dimitrios "Dimitris" Salpingidis is a former Greek professional footballer who played as a winger or striker.
He left Plymouth for Port Vale in January 2013, and helped the club to secure promotion out of League Two in 2012–13.
He was most comfortable in central defense, but also played right back and left back as well.
He is a 6'2" tall, 12 stone striker who currently plays for Deportivo Merlo in Argentine.
Hitoshi Sogahata is a Japanese football player who has been playing for Kashima Antlers for fifteen years straight, which amount to his entire career so far.
Giuseppe Rossi is an American born Italian professional footballer who plays as a forward and more recently played for Celta de Vigo.
Tully did so with the same result, swinging the ball into the net directly from the corner.
He began his career at Sunderland in 1998.
Mathieu Bodmer is a French footballer who currently plays for Ligue 1 club Amiens SC.
She played for the club side Umeå IK and for the Swedish national football team.
Parsons left Chelsea in 1956 for Brentford.
He earned 55 caps for Iceland, scoring 13 goals, before retiring from international football in 2011.
A year later, he moved to France to play for Auxerre.
He turned professional at his boyhood club Arsenal in September 1962, and became a first team regular after making his debut in October 1965.
Collins John is a Liberian-born Dutch footballer who last played as a forward for Pittsburgh Riverhounds.
After Palace were promoted to the Premier League, Ramage joined Championship club Barnsley on loan in September 2013.
The plaque is sponsored by Stretford High School and came about as a result of a local history project undertaken by the pupils at the school.
Robert Lowe "Bob" McPhail was a Scottish professional footballer, who played for Airdrieonians, Rangers and represented Scotland.
He was sold to Blackburn Rovers in the summer of 1908, in order to alleviate the club's financial problems at the time.
He was a left-footed midfielder who could also play as a left sided winger.
In 2011, he moved to Bursaspor of Turkey.
He has last played in 2013 for Greek Superleague side Panathinaikos, having played previously at PAS Giannina, Porto, Dynamo Moscow and Atlético Madrid.
His more notable spells were with Ipswich Town, Sheffield Wednesday, Birmingham City, and Port Vale; he played around fifty games for each club.
Pascal Olivier Nouma is a retired French footballer.
Buffon is known for his "outstanding shot-stopping" and for being "a vocal organizer of the defence and a key dressing room personality".
Stephen Thomas McMillan is a Scottish former footballer, who retired from professional football in February 2007.
Gashi is from Kosovo, but his family moved to Norway when he was eight years old.
A talented yet controversial footballing figure, he drew attention both for his skill, as well as for his volatile behaviour, both on and off the pitch.
He is a member of the National Soccer Hall of Fame.
In 2009, he moved Australia to play for Adelaide United, but left the club in December 2010.
He enjoyed relative success with the club, as they won the 2003 FA Community Shield, the 2003–04 FA Cup and the 2005–06 League Cup.
Thomas Edgar "Tommy" Ball was an English footballer who played at centre-half for Aston Villa.
Per Billeskov Krøldrup is a former Danish professional footballer who played as a defender.
In 1987 and in 1991 Saravakos was among the top 30 European footballers candidate for the Ballon d'Or.
Harewood started his career at Nottingham Forest.
Despite sustaining a serious injury as a child, Villa started his professional career with Sporting de Gijón.
The majority of his titles were won during his ten seasons at Internazionale, including five Scudetti and the 2009–10 UEFA Champions League.
He also scored 18 goals in 33 matches with the Belgian national team between 1966 and 1977.
Mark De Man is a Belgian footballer who currently plays for Stade Bierbeek.
A versatile attacker, he played for the Toronto Lynx, FSV Zwickau and Richmond Kickers early in his career.
Marcin Baszczyński is a former Polish footballer.
Harold James Halse was an English football forward, who played most of his career for Manchester United and then for Chelsea.
Altıntop was part of the Turkey squad that reached the semi-finals of Euro 2008.
He was also a member of the Great Britain Olympic team at the 2012 Olympics in London, appearing five times and scoring once.
Mainly used as a second striker, he has also played as an attacking midfielder or left winger.
However, he originally he ofteb could utilised as a midfielder.
On 1 February 2009, Given transferred to Manchester City for £6 million on a four-and-a-half year contract.
Patrick Ochs is a German footballer who plays for FSV Frankfurt.
Cédric Roussel is a former Belgian football striker.
Derek George Riordan is a Scottish professional footballer who plays as a striker.
He acquired Brazilian citizenship on September 3, 2009.
As of 2011, Casillas is one of a very select group of players who have won all major club and national championship titles.
He departed in 1903 for Plymouth Argyle ahead of their first season as a professional club.
He has since played for clubs in Portugal, Germany, England, the United States, and Canada.
Au made his debut in Hong Kong First Division League for Tin Tin on 20 December 1988, against Happy Valley.
James Philip Milner is an English professional footballer who plays for Premier League club Liverpool.
His debut as a reporter was an Ekstraklasa game between GKS Bełchatów and Zagłębie Lubin on 5 April 2007.
Internationally, Owen first played for the senior England team in 1998, becoming England's youngest player and youngest goalscorer at the time.
I thought, me being me, if you weren't 1–11, you weren't fancied.
He also has a record of playing for Mohun Bagan, one of the best clubs in India, for a continuous period of 19 years.
Rhine retired at the end of the 2008 season.
He is a dual Nigerian-Turkish citizen, having acquired Turkish citizenship as "Muhammet Yavuz" while playing for Süper Lig team Fenerbahçe.
Au can be recognised easily by his hairstyle – he sports peroxide-blond streaks in his locks.
Seven months later he moved to China to play for Shenzhen Ruby.
Tore André Flo is a retired Norwegian football striker and youth coach.
He was appointed player-coach at Argyle at the end of the 2013–14 season and formally retired from playing the following year.
Crotone, FC Metz, FC Sion, FC Nantes, Wydad Casablanca in the Moroccan league and Al-Kharitiyath in the Qatar Stars League.
On 3 August 2005, he played for the senior national team in the East Asian Cup match against China.
He played 26 times for the national football team.
He later competed professionally in Greece, before moving to the newly formed Indian Super League.
He played most of his professional career with Deportivo, appearing in nearly 450 official games and notably winning the 2000 national championship.
Jacek Krzynówek, born 15 May 1976, is a former Polish footballer.
Sittard were relegated into the second tier, and Samuel moved on to English side Port Vale in November 1995.
He stayed there for two years, joining Diyarbakırspor in 2002.
Masudi will reunite with Eyal Lahman, the man who brought him to Israel four years ago to Bnei Sakhnin.
Moran attended Prices School in Fareham and appeared regularly for his school team, where he was spotted by scouts.
An agile shot-stopper, outside of his goalkeeping position, Chilavert was also known for his skills as a free kick specialist, and often took penalties.
Keane began his professional career at Wolverhampton Wanderers, scoring twice on his first-team debut aged 17.
He is a former England U21 international.
Known for his spectacular goals from direct free-kicks, his former FC Dynamo Kyiv coach Yuri Syomin described him as "...the best free-kick taker in Europe".
Yakimov played a decisive role in probably the most important victories of the Bulgarian national team in the 1960s.
Best was one of the inaugural 22 inductees into the English Football Hall of Fame in 2002.
Under Poyet, Bardsley helped Sunderland to avoid relegation in 2013–14 and reach the 2014 Football League Cup Final, in which they lost 3–1 to Manchester City.
He also played for the Scottish national team on 12 occasions.
He was the first black player to play for Scottish club Celtic, and was the father of poet and musician Gil Scott-Heron.
Upon his return to England, the English press called him "The Yank from the Tail of the Bank".
After one further appearance the following season, he left to join Wrexham.
He was again an ever-present the following season, and again during Thames Ironworks' first season under their new name, West Ham United.
After three-and-a-half seasons, he moved on to Championship club Birmingham City, who released him at the end of the 2013–14 season and he subsequently retired.
Dudley Junior "DJ" Campbell is an English footballer who last played as a forward for Maidenhead United in the Conference South.
Vincenzo "Vince" Grella is an Australian former footballer who played as a midfielder.
His brother Len was also a footballer and the pair played alongside each other for Wales on several occasions.
When new head coach Paco Ramirez took rein of Chivas, Ochoa was called back up to the first team.
Sheyi Emmanuel Adebayor is a Togolese professional footballer who plays as a striker for Turkish club İstanbul Başakşehir.
After five seasons at centre forward, Peddie moved to Manchester United in June 1902.
He also earned 46 caps for South Africa, and played at the 1998 and the 2002 World Cups.
At the end of the 2010–11 season West Ham were relegated to the Championship and Upson left after his contract had expired.
He is the brother of Michael Petkovic.
Joel Joshua Frederick Melvin "Jobi" McAnuff is a professional footballer who plays for Leyton Orient.
He earned a total of six caps for the senior team, the first coming on March 12, 1991 against Mexico.
Roberto de Assis Moreira, commonly known as Assis, is a former footballer who is the brother, manager, agent and adviser of Brazilian footballer Ronaldinho.
Rohan Anthony Ricketts is an English footballer who last played for Isthmian League club Leatherhead.
John Richard Filan is an Australian former football player.
Bart Goor is a Belgian former football left winger.
Suazo played more than 300 league games and scored over 100 league goals in Italy during a span of 13 years.
Signori was a fast, left footed striker, who was a prolific goalscorer, due to his powerful, accurate shot.
Lampros Choutos is a Greek retired footballer who played as a striker.
Stephen Andrew Guppy is an English former international football winger, who currently works as a coach with the Republic of Ireland national football team.
Later he played with Omagh Town at intermediate level and ran soccer schools for children.
He finished his career by playing in the USA, appearing in Major League Soccer for San Jose Earthquakes.
Born in Dublin, Roche started his career with Shelbourne with whom he won the first of his eight full international caps.
Twice named FA Young Player of the Year, Carney emerged at Birmingham City under the management of Marcus Bignot.
He returned to Manchester United in 1904.
Once retired, he returned to Halifax to take on a role coaching youngsters for their Football in the Community scheme.
He was capped six times by England, scoring one goal.
He had spells with Norwich City, Cambridge United, Manchester United, Coventry City, Millwall, Aston Villa, Leicester City and Celtic.
Ricardo Anthony Clark is an American soccer player who currently plays for Houston Dynamo in Major League Soccer.
Under Casillas's captaincy, Spain went on to win its first ever World Cup in 2010 and retain the European Championship in 2012.
At Inter, he won Serie A, the UEFA Champions League, the FIFA Club World Cup, and two Coppa Italia.
He first came to international prominence with his performances for the Georgian national team against Wales in 1994 and 1995.
He then spent 2001–2010 in Major League Soccer, playing for the Columbus Crew, New York Red Bulls, Toronto FC, and Los Angeles Galaxy.
Finidi George is a Nigerian retired footballer who played as a right winger.
Paul Francis McVeigh is a former Northern Ireland international footballer who played for Tottenham Hotspur, Norwich City, Burnley and Luton Town in the English Leagues.
Nikolaos "Nikos" Dabizas is a retired Greek professional footballer and former Newcastle United, Leicester City, Olympiacos and AEL defender.
Colgan lost his place in the team the following year and was loaned out to Huddersfield Town before later making the move permanent.
He was named in the Norway squad for UEFA Euro 2000 but did not play in the tournament.
He played in all six England games in the tournament, scoring three times.
He stayed at Leeds for two years, before brief spells with Bolton Wanderers, Oldham Athletic, Ipswich Town, Bury, and Rotherham United.
He began at Gedling Town but Gary Mills fought for his signature after he had such a great goal scoring tally in the non-league.
Born in Mexico, Garcia grew up in the United States.
He is the son of Italian footballer Valentino Mazzola, player of the Grande Torino who died in the Superga air disaster.
Throughout his club career, he has only played for teams in Italy, previously playing for Atalanta, Fiorentina, Sampdoria, Internazionale and Milan.
The issue was referred to FIFA and was discussed in the Northern Ireland Assembly.
Sorin Nicușor Rădoi is a Romanian footballer who plays for Viitorul Constanța.
Dunne holds the Premier League record of being sent off – joint eight times along with Patrick Vieira and Duncan Ferguson.
He currently serves as the Under-18s coach at Crystal Palace.
Markus Pröll is a German former football goalkeeper.
Huddlestone represented England at under-16, under-17, under-19 and under-20 levels before making his under-21 debut in 2005.
After leaving Manchester United in 1961, he had returned to his native South Wales, where he lived until the end of his life.
After four seasons in the Eredivisie with PSV, he joined Kasımpaşa in Turkey on a free transfer in 2014.
He began his career in 1997, notably representing Peterborough United, Exeter City and Bristol Rovers.
He is of mixed Dutch and Indo ancestry.
However, in that same game against Club Celaya he was also booked twice and sent off.
He played in two World Cups, 2006 and 2010, reaching the final of the latter.
His career was almost exclusively associated with two clubs, Levski Sofia and TSV 1860 München, later working in directorial capacities with the former.
He spent two years at Doncaster before ending his career with a short spell at Chester
He was named by Pelé in the FIFA 100 list of the world's greatest living players in 2004.
He plays as either a striker or a right-winger and was an established member of the New Zealand national team, the 'All Whites'.
In 1997, he joined Arsenal; his performances at the club were indifferent to begin with and attracted criticism from football pundits and fans alike.
Then, that evening, Bartu played basketball for Fenerbahçe, scoring 10 points.
He was in the Turkey team that finished in third place in both the 2003 Confederations Cup and the 2008 European Championships.
Tymoshchuk won the UEFA Champions League in 2013 and he is also a Champions League runner-up in 2010 and 2012, all with Bayern.
He is a centre back, although he is capable of playing at right back as well.
Omar Bravo Tordecillas is a Mexican footballer who plays as a striker for Phoenix Rising FC in the United Soccer League.
He is best remembered for scoring on a heel kick against Sweden in 1965.
Luciano Zauri is a retired Italian footballer who was a defender or midfielder on either flank and last an assistant coach of Pescara.
He represented France in the Beach Soccer World Cup 2001 and was awarded the title of 'Best Goalkeeper' in the tournament.
She has been active in the German national football team since 2001.
David "Davie" Cooper was a Scottish professional football player who played as a winger for Clydebank, Rangers and Motherwell.
Between 1981 and 1991, he finished six times topscorer of the Belgian First Division, with three clubs.
A Portuguese international since the age of 17, Futre earned over 40 caps for his country, representing it at the 1986 World Cup.
During this season Pat played in all 22 league games where Rovers only lost once winning every trophy except the Top Four Cup.
Over the course of eight seasons in La Liga, he played 130 games and scored five goals.
Curtis Eugene Davies is an English professional footballer who plays as a defender for Championship club Derby County.
A midfielder with an aggressive playing style, Turner was a no nonsense ball winner and runner who had an eye for goal.
The following season he was the club's leading goalscorer and scored his first international goal for the Republic of Ireland.
During his professional career he played in four countries in representation of seven teams, including Toulouse, Racing de Santander and Birmingham City.
He was a Sparta Prague trainee, but did not break into the first team.
In 2007, he announced retirement from international football, to concentrate on playing for his club.
Serdar Kulbilge is a Turkish footballer who currently plays for Elazığspor at the goalkeeper position.
Daniel "Danny" Edouward Boffin is a Belgian retired footballer who played as a left winger.
Alejandro Salazar is an American former professional soccer player.
Despite this, he was occasionally barracked by sections of the Chelsea crowd.
Dexter Anthony Titus Blackstock is a professional footballer who last played as a striker for Rotherham United.
His original last name was Ghara Gozlu which he changed later to Navidkia.
Jovica Trajčev is a Macedonian football player, who plays as a central midfielder for FK Bregalnica Delcevo.
He is now an accountancy tutor and sports commentator.
Campaigners have called for a statue to be erected in his honour.
He played in 15 international matches for Scotland scoring two goals.
After thirty appearances he retired from international football in 2007.
Vokrri's FK Pristina went to beat Red Star Belgrade at Marakana ground and record a historic away victory the Kosovan team.
Bhairi has a brief spell with SpVgg Greuther Fürth but did not appear in any 2.
Carlos Humberto Paredes Monges is a Paraguayan coach and former footballer.
In 2003, he departed after losing his place in the team and was signed as a back-up keeper by rivals Chelsea.
He played for many Brazilian club teams, such as Goiás, Botafogo, Corinthians, Vitória, Fluminense, Cruzeiro and Vila Nova and several lower-division teams in Brazil.
Jay Anthony Tabb is British-Irish footballer who plays as a midfielder and is currently a free agent after being released by Ipswich Town F.C..
Andy F. Herron' is a Costa Rican footballer.
He spent two years at the club, making 69 league appearances and scoring one goal.
Andrew Eugene "Andy" Rhodes is an English retired football goalkeeper and current goalkeeping coach.
He signed for Moor Green of the Conference North in February 2007.
After winning several major trophies with Auxerre in French football, West went on to play for both Milanese clubs, Internazionale and Milan.
He was one of the most experienced goalkeepers in the history of the National Soccer League, which preceded the A-League.
Prior to Reading's promotion to the Premier League in 2011–12 he had spent his entire career playing in England's second tier, amassing over 400 league appearances.
Jason Joseph Euell is a former footballer who is now the Under 21s coach at Charlton Athletic.
He captained the national team in 30 matches.
He is currently the team's sixth highest goal scorer.
He was especially known for his ability to come out to catch crossed balls floating into the box and his shot stopping.
He later moved on loan to Leeds United before joining Burnley permanently.
With Chile he took part in seven South American Championships and one World Cup.
From 2003 to 2008, Kurányi was part of the German national team, for which he scored 19 goals in 52 games.
Gilmar was the starting goalkeeper for Pele's world-famous Santos and Brazilian national teams of the 1960s.
He is known as El Rubio and La Gallina de Oro.
George McCartney is a Northern Irish footballer.
During the 2001 collegiate offseason, Sutton played for the Wichita Jets.
He was joint top-scorer at the 1976 AFC Asian Cup with three goals.
Interestingly, Chapman – also a Methodist – was a former Spurs player and had played as a young man with Arthur Wharton at Stalybridge Rovers.
Sebastian Bengt Ulf "Seb" Larsson is a Swedish professional footballer who plays as a midfielder.
Being one of the most charismatic players in Europe he attracted a number of offers from the biggest European clubs.
Having started his career as a striker, he played right back for much of his career before being increasingly used as a centre back.
He has been named the Serie A Goalkeeper of the Year a record eleven times.
Tony James Lochhead is a New Zealand former professional footballer who appeared with the New Zealand national football team.
Brian O'Callaghan is a professional footballer, plays for his home town club Limerick in the League of Ireland Premier Division.
Between 1993 and 1997, Herpoel only played 4 Jupiler League games for the Brussels side.
Magrão is better known as a Palmeiras' player, scoring 29 goals in 232 matches for the club.
Duilio César Jean Pierre Davino Rodríguez is a retired Mexican footballer and executive who currently serves as Sporting Chairman of CF Monterrey.
Born in Birmingham, Hendrie started his career at Premier League club Aston Villa where he spent fourteen years.
However, he elected to try his luck in Europe, signing with English club Darlington.
Quinn was predominantly a centre forward from 1979 until 1996.
He is also a former under-21 international for Norway.
At age 34, he was the oldest debutant ever for "Oranje".
In 2006, he moved to Werder Bremen, winning the DFB-Pokal and helping them to the UEFA Cup final in 2009.
He has since had spells at Non-league level for AFC Telford United, Chester and Market Drayton Town.
He announced his retirement at the end of the 2012-13 season at the age of 32.
Marcelo Gonçalves Costa Lopes, usually known simply as Gonçalves is a Brazilian former footballer who played as a central defender.
Overmars represented the Netherlands national team for 11 years.
Roger Ljung is a Swedish retired footballer who played as a left back.
Despite missing four months of the 2011–12 season following a dispute, Tevez returned to help City win their first league title in 44 years.
Wilfred Bouma is a Dutch former footballer who played most notably for PSV Eindhoven, Aston Villa and the Netherlands national team.
Dirk Kuyt is a retired Dutch footballer who most recently played for Feyenoord.
After retiring from football, Lee ran a successful toilet roll business, F.H.
He helped Crystal Palace and Charlton Athletic to win promotion to the top-flight via the play-offs.
He also played in three European Championships, being named in the Team of the Tournament at UEFA Euro 1996 after helping the Czechs to the final.
He is best known for being a star midfielder for Kaizer Chiefs as well as the South African national team, Bafana Bafana.
Darren Ashley Bent is an English professional footballer who plays as a striker for Championship club Derby County.
He played for SK Brann and Heart of Midlothian F.C.. Knicksen is a local Bergen word meaning "juggler".
Andrew "Drew" Talbot is an English footballer who plays for Portsmouth.
He collected 35 full caps for Scotland including playing in two World Cups.
After that, he moved to Belgium and played for KVK Tienen and Royal Capellen FC during 60 games where he was the club's best goalscorer.
Landry Bonnefoi is a French footballer, who plays as a goalkeeper.
In spring 1912 he was transferred for £250 to Second Division Fulham, where he played 25 matches in three seasons, before his retirement in 1915.
Sneijder previously represented various youth squads for the Netherlands.
He played 16 consecutive seasons Tippeligaen, for Kongsvinger, Stabæk and Rosenborg.
Gamst Pedersen signed with Rosenborg in March 2014.
On 7 October 1985, while he was on his way back to Antwerp, after signing for R.W.D.
He spent a season and a half at Fratton Park before leaving for Newcastle United in January 2005 for £2 million.
He was also used as a centre-back on occasion, due to his consistency, awareness, and man-marking ability.
Boyd had a short spell in English football with Middlesbrough, during which time he was sent on loan to Nottingham Forest.
He is one of the all-time appearance leaders for the Mexico national team.
          Total 1st team goals: 
He was the 1999 Hermann Trophy and 2000 MAC Award winner before playing in Major League Soccer from 2001 to 2004.
Albert Quixall, was an English footballer who played as an inside-forward.
After leaving Rangers in 2001 he signed for Bolton Wanderers on a free transfer for a season and then Gillingham before retiring from professional football.
Christopher John Killen is a former New Zealand international footballer.
After four years at FC Ingolstadt 04 he moved to Türk.
Steve Marlet is a retired French footballer and coach, who played as a forward.
Aleksandar Mitreski is a footballer from the Republic of Macedonia who last played for Swiss club FC Aarau.
In 2008, when Flo first announced his retirement, he returned to Aarhus for a final tribute in the half time break.
He was also an unplaying member of the squad that won the 1958 World Cup.
Paul Everton Ifill is a footballer who plays for Tasman United of the New Zealand Football Championship.
Carl Motteram is an English professional footballer who currently plays as a midfielder for North Molton Sports Club in the North Devon Premier League.
After a move from non-League Slough Town, his career took off at Brentford, where he scored 64 goals in 163 league games between 1998 and 2002.
Thomson won five major trophies with Rangers, including back to back Scottish Premier League championships in 2009 and 2010.
He has made 39 appearances for Romania since his debut in 2003.
He is also owner of the DW Stadium, home to Championship club Wigan Athletic and Wigan Warriors.
Emmanuel Osei is a Ghanaian footballer who plays for Ashanti Gold SC as a defender.
Sabri Sarıoğlu is a Turkish professional footballer who last played as a right back for Turkish club Galatasaray.
Cohen started his career with West Ham United in 2003.
He also played and scored in the match against Bordeaux, European Champions of the time, that Fenerbahçe won 3–2.
He played for Gençlerbirliği S.K., Ankaraspor, Galatasaray and Eskişehirspor.
He was well known for his playmaking ability.
He played at the 1997 FIFA Confederations Cup before going on to take part in three major competitions.
Fillery was Chelsea player of the year in 1982.
He was also played in Giresunspor, Beşiktaş JK and Altay S.K..
Stephen Michael Bywater is an English professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Burton Albion.
He scored a total of more than 250 goals in all competitions during a club career which lasted for nearly 20 years.
Charles Patrick "Charlie" Tully was a footballer with Celtic Football Club.
He has previously played for Danish Superliga clubs Odense BK, Vejle BK, Viborg FF, and F.C.
Nicknamed "Big Dan", Van Buyten was known for his uncompromising style of play, exploiting both his physical strength and aerial ability.
He has won 29 trophies with Barcelona, including eight La Liga titles, four UEFA Champions League titles, and five Copas del Rey.
Faryd Camilo Mondragón Alí is a retired Colombian footballer who last played as a goalkeeper for Deportivo Cali in the Colombian First Division.
He took part in Ukraine's first-ever FIFA World Cup in 2006 and their first European Championship in 2012.
Njanka previously played for RC Strasbourg, CS Sedan and FC Istres in the French Ligue 1 and Ligue 2.
His stay at the club was short; after 31 appearances he signed for Ajax in 1992.
In a 2001 poll of Rangers fans, Goram was voted Rangers' greatest ever goalkeeper.
He began his coaching career with Middlesbrough.
However, he is known for his goals, especially from converting penalty kicks.
Rafał Grzelak is a Polish footballer who plays for Chojniczanka Chojnice.
Terrell Dishan Forbes is an English professional footballer who plays as a defender for Whyteleafe.
He is involved in the Christian charity 'Faith & Football' and walked the Great Wall of China to raise £100,000 for their cause.
for R. Antwerp F.C., Pisa S.C., KV Mechelen, FC Tirol Innsbruck and K.F.C.
One of those goals came in a win against Czechoslovakia that helped Scotland qualify for the 1974 FIFA World Cup.
He is primarily a midfielder but can also play as a forward.
Dieter Bast is a former German footballer.
Juan Gilberto Funes Baldovino, nicknamed "El Búfalo", was an Argentine footballer, who played as a striker, known for his physical style of play.
Šokota was a powerful striker but his promising career was overshadowed by frequent injuries, especially in second half of the 2000s.
Three months of 1984–85 were spent on loan at Oxford United without making any appearances.
He dropped into non-league in September 2016 by joining Kidsgrove Athletic.
At Chelsea, Essien helped the club win the Premier League in 2006 and 2010, as well as three FA Cups and one Football League Cup.
He began his career with Premier League side Manchester United in 1995 but was released two years later after failing to make a first-team appearance.
He has later worked as assistant coach of Ranheim.
In 2003, a statue was erected in his honour at his hometown, Hill of Beath.
Holton played for Shrewsbury Town, Manchester United, Miami Toros, Sunderland, Coventry City and Detroit Express.
José Antonio Reyes Calderón is a Spanish professional footballer who plays mainly as a left winger but also as a forward.
An England under-21 international, the journeyman striker played 574 games and scored 113 goals for fourteen different clubs.
Mirallas has over 50 caps for Belgium since his senior debut in 2007.
After retiring from professional soccer, Levesque headed to the University of Washington's Foster School of Business to pursue a master's degree in business administration.
He is currently working as a scout for Arsenal in North America.
His preferred playing position was sweeper, but he was primarily deployed as a central defender.
He then went to Stoke City, where he was first-choice goalkeeper for three seasons, helping the club consolidate in the Premier League.
Belodedici won 55 caps with Romania, representing the nation at the 1994 World Cup and two European Championships.
He was twice named in the Professional Footballers' Association Team of the Year, in 1995 with Blackburn and in 1998 with Chelsea.
However, near the end of the season, coach Tim Hankinson grew tired of de la Torre's defensive failures, and benched him for the playoffs.
Smyth started his career playing for Liverpool.
Maloney then briefly played in Major League Soccer for Chicago Fire.
Pablo Andrés Brenes Quesada is a Costa Rican soccer player.
Fabrice Fernandes is a French former footballer who played for several clubs, most particularly Southampton.
Mart Poom is an Estonian football coach and former professional player.
After Park's national team manager Guus Hiddink moved back to the Netherlands to manage PSV Eindhoven, Park followed him to the Dutch side a year later.
He is generally regarded as one of the country's greatest ever players.
This remained his only match in the top German league with the "FC", but he was still given the chance to play a complete 90 minutes.
Following a series of injuries, he retired from football in September 2013.
He was also present at Euro 2008 and Euro 2012, making over 50 appearances in total.
A defender, he has played for Germinal Beerschot since autumn 2007.
He joined Everton in 2007, helping them reach the 2009 FA Cup Final.
Robert Martin "Rob" Lee is an English retired footballer who played the majority of his career for Charlton Athletic and Newcastle United.
Rodrigo Faria is a former Brazilian footballer who played as a striker.
After being released as a youth footballer, Hughes worked as a roofer alongside his father.
Nourdin Boukhari is a Moroccan footballer who plays as a midfielder for Magreb'90 in the Dutch Topklasse.
Jörg Albertz is a retired German professional footballer.
With Liverpool, Liddell won a league championship in 1947 and featured in the club's 1950 FA Cup Final defeat by Arsenal.
Upon playing in his homeland, Kežman went on to play top-flight football in the Netherlands, England, Spain, Turkey, France, Russia, Hong Kong and Belarus.
Patrick Kevin Francis Michael "Pat" Nevin is a retired Scottish footballer.
With his blonde hair, he was nicknamed "The Golden Boy".
He started his professional career in England when he was signed by Manchester United as a teenager, but rarely appeared for the club.
In 1958, Kopa was awarded the Ballon d'Or.
Duncan Cowan Ferguson is a Scottish former footballer.
Rusty Pierce is a former American soccer player who spent eight seasons in Major League Soccer.
In 2003, he moved to his hometown club Swindon Town, where he ended up playing more than 100 games in three seasons.
Between 1997 and 1999 he turned out for the Colorado Rapids, signing with English club Fulham in 1999.
Since he made his debut in 2004, Pedersen has been capped more than 80 times, and scored 17 goals, for Norway.
He transferred to Manchester United in 1973 for a fee of £15,000.
In January 2010 he returned to FC Emmen, where he signed until the end of the season.
He retired at the end of 2013, having played throughout the year with Singaporean club Warriors on a 1-year contract.
Andy van der Meijde, anglicised to van der Meyde is a retired Dutch footballer who played as a winger.
A versatile left-footed player, Beasley has played both as a left winger and left wingback throughout his career.
Dennis Aogo is a German professional footballer who last played as a left back and left wing-back or midfielder for Schalke 04.
He signed for Southport on October 2013, but was released two months later.
Boucader Diallo is a Malian football player.
He won the Premier League, his first major club honour, in a successful first season at the club.
Steve Pantelidis is an Australian football player who plays as a central defender for Oakleigh Cannons FC.
and his younger brother Tony played as a goalkeeper for Waterford United in the 1970s.
A true one club man, Bode spent his entire professional career at Werder Bremen.
He joined Stoke City in August 2008 and spent the 2008–09 season with the Potters.
He represented the Republic of Ireland from 1999 to 2006 at international level, earning 49 caps and scoring 5 goals.
He scored his first international goal at Euro 2004 and helped Portugal reach the final.
He currently plays in France for Nîmes Olympique.
Smeltz has scored 24 goals in 51 international appearances for New Zealand, and played at the 2010 FIFA World Cup.
Andrés Felipe Orozco Vásquez is a Colombian football defender.
Born in Lambeth, England, Timlin graduated through the Fulham Academy but failed to make his senior debut there.
He was awarded his only cap against Scotland in May 1976.
He scored three goals in his debut aged 16 for Nottingham Forest.
Søren Thomas Busk is a former Danish football defender who played professionally for a number of European clubs, and helped K.A.A.
Gary Winston Lineker, OBE is an English retired footballer and current sports broadcaster.
He began his football career as a scholar with Charlton, and earned a professional contract in 2003, which was extended in 2004.
Jens Niclas Alexandersson is a retired Swedish football midfielder.
Arouna Koné is an Ivorian professional footballer who plays as a striker for Sivasspor.
He currently works as a pundit and football commentator for Sky Sports.
Neighel Drummond Morales is a Costa Rican football player who, as of 2011 was playing for Puma in the Costa Rican Primera División.
At international level, Strauber was capped at under-17 and under-21, and played eight times for Israel's senior team.
Jerkan was born in Split and started playing football professionally for NK Zagreb.
Smertin retired from professional football in 2008 after having his contract with Fulham terminated and discovering a new career in politics.
After four years with the club, a time disrupted by injury, he was released at the end of the 2010–11 season.
In 1999, he won the Ballon d'Or and was named FIFA World Player of the Year.
Hubertus Aegidius Hermanus "Berry" van Aerle is a Dutch retired footballer who played mainly as a right back.
He is best known for his penalty kick saves.
He was capped 76 times for his country and scored nine goals.
He saved his side, with a hat-trick in their semi-final against FC Zwolle.
Woolwich Arsenal were promoted to the First Division in 1904, and Sands was a near ever-present in the side.
He played 5 games for Kongsvinger in 2008, and left the club in 2009.
He is currently the Director of Soccer Operations with the San Francisco Deltas.
New Mansfield boss Billy Bingham allowed Sharkey to leave Field Mill in the summer of 1978.
Towards the end of his career, he played two years in South Africa.
Aghahowa became the first foreign national outside of the former Soviet Union who was among the best scorers in the Ukrainian Premier League.
Bramble also made 10 appearances for the England under-21s between 2000 and 2002.
He then left the club after the 2006 season.
Briand is a graduate of the famous Clairefontaine academy and was a France youth international.
Ugarte retired from football in 1966, in his last years he suffered from poverty and illness, he died on March 20, 1995 aged 68.
In neighbouring Argentina, he played for Club Atlético River Plate.
Ninoslav Milenković is a Bosnian international footballer who plays for Panserraikos.
Having begun his career at Rot-Weiß Erfurt and Karlsruher SC, he joined Bayer Leverkusen in 2003, playing sparingly across his three seasons at the Bundesliga club.
Pierre Sanitarib Issa is a former South African footballer of Lebanese descent.
He also played for the Brazilian national team in the 1980s, including the 1982 FIFA World Cup, along with Zico, Júnior, Falcão, Sócrates, and others.
Jan Van Steenberghe is a former Belgian football goalkeeper.
Naoya Kikuchi is a professional Japanese footballer currently playing for Hokkaido Consadole Sapporo.
He was named in the MLS Best XI in both 2004 and 2005, and was selected for the MLS All-Star Game for four years running.
Gilberto Aparecido da Silva is a Brazilian former footballer known for his time with Arsenal where he played as a defensive midfielder or defender.
He played professional club football in Ecuador, Mexico and England.
His indoor career began with the New York Arrows of Major Indoor Soccer League and ended with the San Diego Sockers.
A quick, powerful and versatile player, he was capable of playing both as a centre-back or as a right-back, and was competent both offensively and defensively.
Taribo West is a Nigerian former professional footballer who played as a defender.
He retired from playing football in 2017, after a year with Inverness Caledonian Thistle.
In January 2014, Zakuani decided to join Superleague Greece side Kalloni.
Begines was released by Chivas USA in November 2005.
However, he came back out of retirement on May 2013 and signed on June for Grasshoppers.
He spent six-and-a-half seasons at Fulham, reaching the UEFA Europa League final in 2010.
Elrick scored a hat-trick in the final of the 1999 New Zealand National Soccer League, a match which Central United won 3-1 over Dunedin Technical.
He returned from his loan spell the following season, and helped QPR to promotion to the Premier League via the Championship play-offs.
José Bosingwa da Silva, known as Bosingwa, is a Portuguese professional footballer who plays as a right back.
Having only made a single league appearance for Lazio, he moved again in 1997, this time to Castel di Sangro.
He is currently the goalkeeping coach at Mexican club C.D.
He is also the record appearance holder for Milan with 902 appearances in all competitions.
After spending two seasons in the Championship, Peterborough suffered relegation at the end of the 2012–13 season.
Perkins impressed enough to earn the starting job, and Warren was released soon thereafter.
He played club football in the Czech Republic for nine seasons, winning the national league in 2002 with FC Slovan Liberec.
Ned Grabavoy is a retired American professional soccer player who played as a midfielder.
He represented the England under-20 team in February 2003.
In 2007, he moved to the United States, where he played for three clubs in Major League Soccer before returning to Atlético Nacional in 2013.
Troubled years followed where he travelled all around Europe, but eventually he found himself settled back in Warsaw in his retirement season of 1996/97.
He is nicknamed "Mad Dog" for his aggressive style of play.
Celtic fans nicknamed Boruc 'The Holy Goalie' for his devout Catholicism.
Soumbeïla Diakité is a Malian football player who last played for Esteghlal Khuzestan.
His nickname is "The Cannibal" for his ability to "eat up" the opposition.
In these years, he participated in 28 games, scoring one goal.
He was also outlived by both of his parents, though they have both since died; his father in May 1980 and his mother in August 2006.
Sergeant started his career at Antwerp, before moving to Zulte-Waregem in the summer of 2004.
Born in Enniskillen, McGovern started his career with Scottish Premier League club Celtic in 2001.
Following his retirement in 2000, Earle has established himself in the world of football journalism.
Branimir Bajić is a Bosnian professional footballer who plays as a defender for MSV Duisburg.
He was nicknamed "The Doctor" in tribute to his footballing intelligence.
Spase Dilevski is an Australian footballer who currently plays for National Premier Leagues Victoria club Avondale FC.
In a 20-year career, he played for Sparta Rotterdam, Feyenoord, Chelsea and Stoke City.
Hamm was inducted into the National Soccer Hall of Fame, Alabama Sports Hall of Fame, and Texas Sports Hall of Fame.
James "Jim" Furnell was an English football player, who played as a goalkeeper.
Joleon Patrick Lescott is an English professional footballer.
Korintus Koliopas Fingkreuw, better known as Korinus Fingkreuw is an Indonesian football winger who currently plays for Persidafon Dafonsoro in Indonesia Super League.
However, both failed to score in two goalless draws against Libertad of Paraguay where Tigres lost in penalty kicks.
He is regarded by pundits as one of the greatest goalkeepers of his generation.
He appeared in the Football League for Plymouth Argyle, Arsenal and Newcastle United.
He was unrelated to his frequent defensive partner Nilton Santos.
At club level Houghton is best remembered for his success in the Liverpool side of the late 1980s.
Mickaël Pagis is a retired French football striker and currently a beach soccer player.
James Connelly Johnstone, nicknamed "Jinky", was a Scottish football player.
Eddie Gaven is a retired American soccer player who played 11 seasons in Major League Soccer, primarily with the Columbus Crew.
Filip Burkhardt is a Polish footballer who currently plays for Olimpia Elbląg.
He was called up by Miroslav Blažević to the Bosnia and Herzegovina national team in 2009, but did not play.
He spent time on loan at Tranmere Rovers and Blackpool in his first season, before spending the 2009–10 season at Birmingham City.
He earned a move to England with Ipswich Town in 2004, where he helped his side to the FA Youth Cup Final in 2005.
He was a nephew of Alan Sealey, another West Ham United player.
Romero represented Spain at the 2002 World Cup.
In November 2010 he had a trial at Wolverhampton Wanderers.
After beginning his career at Boca Juniors in his native Argentina, Coloccini attracted the attention of A.C. Milan.
Anthony Derek Gardner is an English former professional footballer who played as a centre back.
Vito Mannone is an Italian professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Reading.
Other charitable causes he has been involved in are the Alpha course, a cinema advertisement about Christianity and the formation of a prayer group at Portsmouth.
She was named FIFA World Player of the Year in 2003, 2004 and 2005.
Stein also represented Scotland and the Scottish League XI.
He was also in the squad of Japanese U-20 team at 2003 FIFA World Youth Championship.
Darren Asherton Byfield is a former professional footballer who is currently manager of Redditch United.
Benjani played a total 31 times for the Zimbabwe national team and was its captain for many of those matches.
Thomas Gaardsøe Christensen is a Danish former professional footballer.
Over the course of ten seasons he amassed Eredivisie totals of 182 games and eight goals, namely for PSV and Feyenoord.
First representing his national team in 2004, he played a stint at Arsenal between 2005 and 2011.
López represented Spain at the 2009 Confederations Cup.
Levent Osman is an Australian football player of Turkish Cypriot descent.
He represented England at the 2004 European Championship and the 2006 FIFA World Cup, before announcing his retirement from international football in 2007.
He was part of their team which won Euro 2004, for which he was voted into the Team of the Tournament.
He was awarded the Prince of Asturias Award for Sports in 2012.
Diop is well known for his strength and aggression, long-range shots, solid style of play and his leadership.
After playing in youth teams, Drogba made his professional debut aged 18 for Ligue 2 club Le Mans, and signed his first professional contract aged 21.
During Pizarro's stay in Italian football, he won one Serie A title, three Coppa Italia titles and two Supercoppa Italiana titles.
He was still the club's top scorer as the team finished 11th in the table.
Torres scored an important goal in the semifinals against Cruz Azul and helped Club América win their 10th championship.
He was also in Greece's 2004 European Football Championship winning squad.
Marius Trésor is a retired football defender from France, who was named by Pelé as one of the top 125 greatest living footballers.
Junichi Inamoto is a Japanese footballer who plays as a midfielder for Consadole Sapporo.
De Guzman was the first Canadian to play in the Spanish La Liga.
Primarily a midfielder, able to operate equally in the centre or on the left, he has also been employed for periods as a left-back.
In September 2011, he joined Aris, and in 2012 moved to Hull.
He has scored more than 600 senior career goals for club and country.
In the course of his career, Cissé suffered from two leg breaks, breaking his left leg in 2004 and his right leg in 2006.
He also played for Mexico in the 1999 FIFA World Youth Championship held in Nigeria.
Tomasz Mirosław Kuszczak is a Polish professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for English Championship club Birmingham City.
Lebohang Mokoena is a South African footballer who plays for Ajax Cape Town.
In 1996, Podbrożny moved to Spain, first with CP Mérida and then with CD Toledo.
Following the 2007 UEFA European Under-21 Championship, Carson made his full debut for the England senior team against Austria in November 2007.
He returned to Lens in 2010, and joined Red Star on a free transfer in 2012.
Damian Gorawski is a retired Polish footballer who played as a right winger.
Damien Koffi Anderson Chrysostome is a Beninese international footballer.
He notably played in the Premier League for Coventry City, and in the Football League for Cardiff City and Hartlepool United.
Shalamanov has twice been selected Best Bulgarian Footballer, in 1963 and 1966, and twice Best Bulgarian Sportsman, in 1967 and 1973.
In the summer of 2008, at the age of 22, he completed a transfer to his current club, Premier League side Manchester City.
Ali Curtis is an American soccer administrator and former player.
Whilst at Leeds he eventually lost his place in the team and was loaned out to Doncaster Rovers in both 2006 and 2007.
In his prime, he is widely recognised as one of the best footballers to come out of Guinea
Such was Taylor's worth that Matt Busby decided to reject an offer of £65,000 for him from Internazionale in 1957.
Nicholas "Nicky" Butt is an English football coach and former player who is the head of coaching at the Manchester United youth academy.
It was here that Martijn made his one and only international appearance against Ghana in a friendly.
His style of play as a diminutive, left-footed dribbler drew comparisons with compatriot Diego Maradona, who declared the teenager his successor.
As a player, he was a striker from 1988 to 2008.
After 50 league games for Rovers he moved on to Yeovil Town in 2003.
Iván Campo Ramos is a Spanish retired footballer.
His talents were more widely recognised after his performance for Wales during the 1958 World Cup, in which he helped them to reach the quarter finals.
He consequently played for the Belgium national football team with whom he played 17 matches and scored 5 times.
At international level, he represented Italy at three FIFA World Cups, most notably reaching the 1994 World Cup final as Italy's starting goalkeeper.
De Vries began his professional career in his native the Netherlands with Telstar, before spending three seasons with ADO Den Haag.
Mathew John "Mat" Sadler is an English professional footballer who plays for Shrewsbury Town.
Mario Stanić is a former Croatian footballer.
Lee Roy Chapman is an English former professional footballer who played as a striker from 1978 until 1996, in which he scored almost 200 first-team goals.
Charlie Miller is a retired Scottish football player.
Charles "Charlie" Nicholas is a former professional footballer from Scotland who played as a forward.
Leonard Francis "Len" Shackleton was an English footballer.
Margate signed Peters on a permanent deal on 23 January 2008.
He participated in two Africa Cup of Nations tournaments and won the 1996 Olympics with Nigeria.
He moved to Turkish club Bursaspor in January 2011, but returned to the UK later that year, signing for Cardiff City.
Hornchurch, Eastbourne Borough, Maldon & Tiptree, Walton Casuals, Walton & Hersham, Carshalton Athletic, Croydon, East Grinstead Town, Whyteleafe, Guildford City and Chatham Town.
Sarah Jane McLaughlin is an association football player who represented New Zealand at international level.
Mendoza debuted in the Verano 1997 season with León against Cruz Azul.
After QPR were relegated at the end of the 2000–01 season, Portsmouth acquired Crouch on a transfer deal worth £1.5 million.
Dombrowski had a trial with New York Red Bulls but did not earn a contract and later signed with USL-1 side Minnesota Thunder.
Alex Ferguson, who had managed Leighton at Aberdeen, signed him for Manchester United in 1988.
The golden star in Gremio's flag was added in 1970 in his homage.
Julio César Manzur Caffarena is a Paraguayan football player who plays for Rubio Ñu of the Paraguayan Primera División.
Former England international striker Les Ferdinand and former Dagenham & Redbridge midfielder Kane Ferdinand are his cousins.
There he had a hard time with coach Cesare Prandelli, and eventually returned to Cruzeiro, after playing only friendly matches for the Italian team.
Branan attended Lakeville High School where he was a 1998 first team All State soccer player.
Andrés Iniesta Luján is a Spanish professional footballer who plays as a central midfielder for FC Barcelona and the Spain national team.
In 2005, he was bought by SK Brann.
Celso Esquivel González is a Paraguayan footballer who is currently playing for Club Almagro of the Primera B Metropolitana in Argentina..
He has represented England at the under-16, under-17, under-19 and under-20 levels.
Before moving to Spain, Pamarot played for Portsmouth in the Premier League.
Koller is the all-time top scorer for the Czech Republic national team, with 55 goals in 91 appearances in a decade-long career starting in 1999.
Cirilo Saucedo Nájera is a Mexican goalkeeper who currently plays for Morelia.
Anthony James "Tony" Hibbert is a retired English footballer.
Ronnie Carl Hellström is a former Swedish football goalkeeper.
He has a total of 16 goals in 62 games with the Polish national team.
Start for the 1994 Tippeligaen season and the move was made permanent when his contract was terminated by Arsenal in March 1995.
He announced his international retirement in July 2016, having amassed 134 caps for his country and kept 52 clean sheets.
Andrés Javier Vasquez Rueda Pinto is a Peruvian-born Swedish footballer who plays for FC Wil as a midfielder.
Adolfo José Valencia Mosquera is a Colombian retired footballer who played as a striker.
However, his age was catching up with him and between 1907 and 1910 he played fewer first-team matches.
He is one of the Mexican footballers to have played in Europe and was a part of the Mexico national football team between 1998 and 2001.
He was voted 3rd best national team player in a TV competition.
He helped so his team won 4–0.
Born in Caderzone, Italy, the Sartoris moved to Manchester when Carlo was a child, and he grew up in the Collyhurst area of the city.
Thorbjørn Svenssen was a Norwegian footballer, who played a then record 104 international games for Norway, and captained the side 93 times.
He last played as a forward for Anadolu Selçukluspor.
However, he was not as highly regarded in Brazil.
Alexei Eremenko is a Russian-born Finnish professional footballer.
Brett Michael Emerton is a retired Australian professional footballer who played for Sydney Olympic, Sydney FC, Feyenoord Rotterdam, Blackburn Rovers and the Australian national team.
Moterram was born in Birmingham and joined Birmingham City as a 12-year-old.
Known for his playmaking skills, he drew comparisons to Johan Cruyff.
He has played forward and attacking midfield professionally in Zimbabwe, Switzerland and the United States, as well as for the Zimbabwe national team.
Nicola Ventola is a retired Italian footballer who played as a forward.
Adelino William Gonsalves was an American soccer player, sometimes described as the "Babe Ruth of American Soccer".
He mostly recently played for Rionegro Águilas of the Colombian First Division.
However, at a match away to Bristol City in October 1909 Tull was the target of vicious racist abuse.
Nesmachnyi also played for the Ukrainian national football team.
He has also played for the Football Kingz in the now-defunct Australian National Soccer League.
Njazi Kuqi is a Finnish footballer of Kosovar Albanian origin who currently plays for Inter Turku in the Veikkausliiga as a Forward.
In 2000, he joined the Aston Villa Academy and continued his development.
He currently plays for Liga Gimel club F.C.
He played at Euro 2004 as his nation reached the semi-final stage of the competition.
Enrique Fernández Romero is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a left back.
He represented his school in these sports and played football for amateur teams from Rawdon and Horsforth.
He spent all 25 seasons of his career in the Serie A with Milan, before retiring at the age of 41 in 2009.
He grew up in Dingley Village, a suburb in Melbourne's South-East.
Landon Timothy Donovan is an American former professional soccer player who played as a forward and attacking midfielder.
In Belgium, he has won the Fair player of the year prize 6 times.
Podolski originally wanted to play for the Polish team but was rejected by then Polish coach Paweł Janas in 2003.
Kjetil Wæhler is a Norwegian footballer who plays for Sogndal as centre back.
Brede Paulsen Hangeland is a retired Norwegian professional footballer who played as a central defender.
Souleymane Oulare, is a Guinean former footballer who played as a forward.
Theodoros "Theo" Zagorakis is a Greek politician and former footballer who played as a midfielder.
Lampard was born in East Ham, Essex to Frank Richard Lampard and Hilda D. Stiles.
During the 2005-06 season, he scored 10 goals, before moving to Italian Serie B team AS Bari in 2007.
Swift retired in 1949, taking up a career in journalism as a football correspondent for the News of the World.
He was a centre back who also played as a central midfielder or striker.
He was a goalkeeper and most recently played for Corby Town in the Conference North.
He is third most capped Albanian international with 75 appearances as well being the third highest goalscorer in the country's history with 13 goals.
His primary position is defender but he can play in midfield.
Breitner has been working as a commentator, pundit and columnist in Germany since retiring and is also an advisor to the Bayern management board.
Peter Iain Ramage is an English footballer who plays as a defender for Phoenix Rising FC.
He soon caught the eye of First Division champions Arsenal, and was signed for £6,000 in March 1935, at the age of 21.
A former attacking midfielder, he is widely regarded as one of the most graceful football players ever, and among the best midfielders of his generation.
Fuad Anwar Amin is a former football defensive midfielder from Saudi Arabia.
He was also voted by Arsenal fans as the 6th greatest player in the club's history.
Mario Tokić is a former Croatian footballer who last played for NK Zagreb.
Kilcline and Mabbutt were to clash again in the second half when Kilcline brought down Mabbutt with a tackle.
Leyti N'Diaye is a Senegalese footballer, who has played for Olympique de Marseille.
Nuno Miguel Torres Piloto de Albuquerque, known as Piloto, is a Portuguese footballer who plays for Académica de Coimbra as a central midfielder.
Having played nearly 50 times for Portugal, Dimas represented the nation in two European Championships.
He spent a period on loan at Inter Zaprešić, scoring 10 goals in 15 matches.
After the Game Andreia and Barbara were seen hugging each other and laying on the ground crying.
He made three substitute appearances at Euro 2000 and played in one game at Euro 2004.
He began his footballing career at Arsenal, where he won the FA Youth Cup.
He played for the Cyprus national football team, and he is the all-time leading scorer with 32 goals in 85 appearances.
He was captain in 1995 and 1996, and made a total of 86 appearances for the team before retiring in 2007.
Akinfeev is a member of the Lev Yashin Club and has kept more clean sheets in Russian football than any other goalkeeper.
In his final season for Odds BK in 2015, Johnsen won the Kniksen's Honour Award for his long career as a footballer.
He made his first appearance for the England under-21 team in the same month and later set a record of 29 caps for the under-21 team.
Following their relegation and financial difficulties in 2004 he joined La Liga team Levante.
Garth Anthony Crooks, OBE is an English former professional footballer.
He played his last match for Germany on 31 August 2016, after which he retired from international football.
At international level, he represented West Germany at three World Cups.
Vukčević started learning his craft at FK Zabjelo before moving to the Serbian capital to join the FK Partizan youth system at age 13.
In addition, he has also taken part in the Asian Champions League as well as the now-defunct Asian Cup Winner's Cup.
Born in Norwood, London, Sands trained as a teacher in Cheltenham and also turned out for Cheltenham Town while in the town.
Daouda Compaoré is a Burkinabé football player who currently plays for ASFA Yennega as a goalkeeper.
He has also worked as a pundit on RTÉ's Monday Night Soccer show since retirement and still regularly attends UCD's home games.
He won the Danish Footballer of the Year award a record four times.
He is currently team manager for Lazio.
Aidan Collins is a professional footballer who plays for Australian club Albany Creek Excelsior as a Left Wing.
During his career, Levan played for Gorda Rustavi, Dinamo Tbilisi, Alania Vladikavkaz and three German clubs: SC Freiburg, Schalke 04 and Hertha BSC.
Stephen David McManus is a Scottish footballer who currently plays as a centre back for Scottish Premiership club Motherwell.
However, injuries limited his opportunities with the club and he was released at the end of his contract.
Alec Raymond "Ray" Cashley is an English former professional football goalkeeper.
In Summer 2015, Romo was transferred to second division promoted team, Cimarrones de Sonora.
Hindered initially by a jaw injury, he eventually scored 25 goals in 71 appearances with the Revolution.
In 2006, he became the first Mexican player to win the UEFA Champions League when Barcelona defeated Arsenal in the final.
Karl Allgöwer is a German former footballer who played as a midfielder.
Although born in England, Lawrence made his international debut for the Republic of Ireland in 2009, and earned 15 caps in a two-year spell.
Szymkowiak finished his career due to health reasons.
He did not make an appearance during the finals in Sweden however and indeed never actually played for the Scottish national side.
In six seasons at Goodison Park, he made 210 appearances across all competitions, leaving in 2015 for A.F.C.
Barry moved to Aston Villa from Brighton & Hove Albion as a youngster, and spent 12 years at the club.
He played for Dundee United for twenty years, between 1966 and 1986.
Andriy Anatoliyovych Rusol is a Ukrainian retired footballer, who formerly played as a defender for Dnipro Dnipropetrovsk and the Ukrainian national team.
Casillas debuted for the Spain national team in June 2000 at the age of 19.
Johan Vonlanthen Benavídez is a Swiss footballer who plays as a winger for Swiss Promotion League side Servette FC.
Despite sharing a last name, he has no relation to fellow Italian former footballer and team-mate Roberto Baggio.
All in all, he accumulated 65 caps for the national side, which makes him the 6th most capped player in Slovenia's history.
Marius Stankevičius is a Lithuanian professional footballer who plays for Italian club Robur Siena as a defender.
He had made just 29 appearances, including 15 starts, in three and a half years at Sunderland.
Between 2010 and 2013, he played for PSV Eindhoven in the Dutch Eredivisie.
With 36 goals, Forlán was Uruguay's all-time leading top scorer from 2011 until Luis Suárez overtook him two years later.
In total, Henry has been named in the UEFA Team of the Year five times.
She started 52 games for them and was a first team All-American choice as a sophomore.
He also enjoyed success with the English club, becoming the first player to score in successive FA Cup Finals at Wembley, in 1955 and 1956.
He played as a defender, having previously also played as a centre forward, and gained international honours for the Republic of Ireland.
Laurence Paul "Laurie" Cunningham was an England international footballer.
Crawford played college soccer at the University of North Carolina from 1999 to 2002.
Currently, he is the technical secretary at Saprissa.
His football career saw him play in Paraguay, Chile, Mexico and Brazil.
He has also played for Venezia, Birmingham City, Leicester City and Hereford United.
In 1963/64 he reverted to part-time status to prepare the way for his post-football career as a mathematics teacher.
Two weeks later, on April 17, he became the youngest scorer in MLS history, scoring a goal in a 3–2 loss to the MetroStars.
He last played for Blackpool in the 2015–16 League One season.
He then retired in 2008 following a spell back in the States with Rochester Rhinos.
Paulo Jorge dos Santos Futre is a retired Portuguese footballer who played mostly as a left winger.
Leandro Damián Cufré is a retired Argentinian footballer who last played as a defender for Club Universidad de Guadalajara of the Liga MX.
Bart "Barry" van Galen]) is a Dutch former footballer.
An Argentine international, Messi is his country's all-time leading goalscorer.
His father was born in Jamaica and his mother was born in England of Jamaican descent.
In 2015, he joined the presenting team on the BBC One daytime show Homes Under the Hammer.
Matej Mavrič Rožič is a retired Slovenian international footballer.
His brother, Joe Satterthwaite, also played for Woolwich Arsenal, although he was mainly a reserve player, only playing 5 first-class matches.
Riise scored 16 goals before his retirement from international duty in 2013.
Jared Francisco Borgetti Echavarría is a retired Mexican footballer.
Roger Hunt, MBE is an English former footballer who played as a forward.
Rowan Lewis Vine is an English footballer who plays for Gosport Borough.
Hutton has made 50 appearances for the Scotland national football team.
Radosław Majdan is a Polish former football goalkeeper.
Casper Ankergren is a retired Danish professional football goalkeeper.
Javier Alejandro Mascherano is an Argentine professional footballer who plays as a defensive midfielder or centre-back for Spanish club FC Barcelona and the Argentina national team.
Mladen Rudonja is a retired Slovenian footballer who represented his country at two major tournaments, Euro 2000 and the 2002 World Cup.
Marc Gabriel Degryse, nicknamed Le Lutin d'Ardooie and The Little One, is a Belgian retired footballer who played as a forward.
He died of a heart attack on January 11, 1992 and a few years later until today the Estadio de San Luis carries his name.
Luigi "Gigi" Riva is an Italian former professional footballer who played as a centre-forward.
Christopher "Chris" Howarth is an English footballer who plays as a goalkeeper.
He then played for Trowbridge Town before again returning to The Football League when he joined Chester City in October 1985.
Corneliusson also played for Qviding FIF, VfB Stuttgart, Como, and Malmö FF.
Yazid Mansouri is a retired Algerian footballer who played as a defensive midfielder.
He is currently the goalkeeping coach for the Portland Timbers of Major League Soccer.
He also hold the record for the most League of Ireland appearances.
However, he left after failing to make any first-team appearances for the Cheshire side.
A Cameroon international in the 2000s, Webó appeared with the country in two World Cups and as many Africa Cup of Nations.
He won his second championship with América during the Clausura 2005.
His last championship playing for Boca was the 2011–12 Copa Argentina.
Throughout his club career, he won the UEFA Cup three times, twice with Parma and once with Juventus.
Chivas USA, but was cut before the season.
Ochs has spent two years with the reserves of Bayern Munich.
In July 2008, Bentley joined Tottenham Hotspur.
Born in England to Nigerian parents, Sodje represented Nigeria at international level.
In the Netherlands, he was named Goalkeeper of the Year four times.
Kenneth Scott "Kenny" Cooper, Jr. is an American soccer player who is currently a free agent.
Yoshikatsu Kawaguchi, sometimes referred to as Yoshi Kawaguchi, is a Japanese footballer who plays as a goalkeeper.
In the season 2003/2004, while representing Lech, he won the Cup of Poland and later, the Supercup of Poland.
He had an unsuccessful trial with Dundee FC of the Scottish First Division in October 2005.
He was loaned out to Hereford United, before signing with Southend United in 2003.
McManus was club captain of Celtic from 2007 until his move to Middlesbrough in 2010.
Since these incidents he has been working hard to recover his form to be in the starting line-up.
In 2012, Lampard captained Chelsea to their first UEFA Champions League success and a year later to their first UEFA Europa League title.
He's well known as a passionate, determined anchorman with tremendous mental and physical courage.
Twelve years later, Kahn made his debut match in the professional squad.
In January 2011 he returned to Spain by signing for Málaga, and two years later went back to Brazil with Cruzeiro.
He spent a season with Premier League club West Bromwich Albion and two with Football League Championship club Birmingham City.
He is also the highest scoring player in a Charity Shield match, having scored six goals in the 1911 edition for Manchester United.
Wagenfuhr was drafted 31st overall in the 2004 MLS SuperDraft by the Dallas Burn.
Túlio Humberto Pereira Costa, sometimes simply referred as Túlio or Túlio Maravilha, is a former Brazilian international footballer who played as a forward.
He did not play regularly at Chelsea, and moved to Newcastle United the following year, where he was made captain.
Perez was in-and-out of the Fire lineup since.
Gerald Archibald "Gerry" Hitchens was an English footballer, who played as a centre forward.
In 2011, he signed another contract extension which will keep him at the club until 2014.
Rimmer, who won two European Cup winners medals, has been described by the Birmingham Mail as "perhaps the greatest goalkeeper in Aston Villa's history".
He has one international cap for the Republic of Ireland which he earned in 2004 whilst a Manchester City player.
Antonio James Murray is an English professional footballer who plays in Australia for Brisbane City.
Peter Rosenkrands Løvenkrands is a Danish former footballer who played mainly as a striker or as a left winger, and was known for his pace.
Sevilla cancelled his contract in September 2014, after which he filed a lawsuit.
In 1885 Danskin moved to London to find work, and took a job at the Dial Square workshop at the Royal Arsenal in Woolwich.
Brandi Denise Chastain is an American retired soccer player, two-time FIFA Women's World Cup champion, two-time Olympic gold-medalist, coach, and sports broadcaster.
He can play both as right wing and striker.
This comes 2 years after the controversial move to Persija Jakarta.
Georgi Peev is a former Bulgarian footballer who played as a midfielder.
He most prominently won the 1990 German Cup tournament and 1990–91 Bundesliga championship with 1.
He plays for J2 League side Avispa Fukuoka.
He is a wing-back typified by his effective overlapping runs, mazy dribbling and pin-point crosses.
Raimond Aumann, West Germany) was a German footballer.
He is his country's most capped player of all time.
Even though his spell at the club was a short one, he is remembered as a gifted player.
He made his senior debut with AaB, with whom he played 420 games and won the 2008 and 2014 Danish Superliga championship.
He has the second most goals scored for the Canadian national team with 18 goals between 1984 and 1994.
Borja is the sixth all-time leading scorer of the Mexico national team.
Stephen Alan "Steve" Harper is an English former professional footballer, and currently an academy goalkeeping coach for Newcastle United.
To make things worse, the coach was Russian, so the indications started out in Russian, then Chinese and finally into Spanish.
Mark Garnett and Richard Weight have explored the enduring appeal of George Best.
In 1994, Jakobsen returned to Rosenborg, and became a part of Rosenborg's better than expected performances in UEFA Champions League tournament.
Cho Jae-Jin is a retired South Korean football player.
He continued playing in the Premier League for Tottenham Hotspur, Aston Villa and Everton before retiring in 2002.
Before this he played for Reading where he was on the losing side in the 1st Division play-offs despite finishing second overall.
The goalkeeper Harald Schumacher who played for 1.
When he was leaving the stadium he was arrested, under a charge of desertion.
Iván Helguera Bujía is a Spanish retired footballer.
He had been a crucial player in an Albion side that had qualified for the UEFA Cup three times in four seasons with top-four finishes.
He appeared at the 2004 African Cup of Nations.
Highfield represented New Zealand at under 20 level.
He came out of retirement to play for Dutch amateur team VV Noordwijk.
He progressed through the Liverpool youth team and scored on his debut in May 1997.
After successful seasons in Italy, Bartu returned to Turkey in 1967 to play in his former club Fenerbahçe for more three years.
Ochoa made his debut for América in 2004 in a league match against Monterrey.
Renier was in the Belgium squad for the 1994 World Cup, albeit without playing.
David Batty is an English retired professional footballer, who played as a defensive midfielder.
At international level, Dixon was capped 22 times for England, scoring once.
With the French national team, Candela won the 1998 FIFA World Cup, as well as Euro 2000.
Once again, he spent a single season at the club, making 29 appearances, before rejoining Southampton in 1999.
He is distinguished as being the first Austrian to play in the National Football League.
In a much-travelled career, he has represented clubs in Poland, Germany, the Netherlands, Portugal, France, England, Denmark and Greece.
He later stated that he changed his name because his idol, Norwegian singer Jahn Teigen, wrote his first name with an h.
In 1994, he became the major shareholder and chairman of Manchester City, but stepped down four years later.
He continued to impress, and was bought by Birmingham City for £700,000 in February 1998.
Per Egil Ahlsen is a former Norwegian football player.
Matateu's was Belenenses most-capped ever player for the Portugal national team.
As a graduate of the elite Clairefontaine academy, he signed for Arsenal at the age of 16.
This then appeared on his passport and his registration with the Premier League.
After the Mutiny were contracted at the end of the 2001 season, Kartes went undrafted in the allocation and dispersal drafts.
He spent eight years of his career in La Liga, appearing in 227 games for Osasuna and Mallorca combined and scoring 47 goals.
Javad Nekounam is an Iranian retired footballer who played as a central midfielder, and the current assistant coach of Iran.
He was diagnosed with Parkinson's disease in November 1984.
A France international from 2004 to 2012, Malouda represented Les Bleus on 80 occasions, including in two FIFA World Cups and two European Championships.
Ibrahima Sory Conte is a Guinean football player who currently unattached.
He then moved to Torquay United in 1996 as a player-coach for Kevin Hodges and returned to Home Park two years later with Hodges.
He played for Tunisia twice in that tournament, as well as one match in 2002.
The ALS Ice Bucket Challenge brought the foundation in Germany much attention, since many Germans who participated in it, donated the money to the foundation.
In addition to his contributions on the pitch, Kaká is known for his humanitarian work.
He then spent two years at Portsmouth where he won the FA Cup, before joining Everton in 2009.
He joined Sheffield Wednesday in July 2009, and was again appointed as captain.
He started his footballing career as a youth player for teams such as his home team, FSV Witten and other clubs.
During the 1984–85 season he spent a brief time as player-manager of Cyprus club Pezoporikos and later played for Northern League club Ashington.
He remained at Stoke until November 2006 making 55 appearances before joining Norwich City.
A product of the Ajax Youth Academy, he played for their first squad from 2001 to 2008.
He is now working for sports news and broadcasting service ESPN and regularly provides commentary on Eredivisie, Serie A, and Mexican Liga MX matches.
In 2007, he was awarded as both Paraguayan Footballer of the Year and South American Footballer of the Year.
He was selected for the 1998 Fifa World Cup, where he was the second choice goalkeeper behind Jim Leighton.
He was also deputy chairman of the Football Federation of the Soviet Union.
İlhan Mansız is a German-born Turkish former football player and current competing figure skater.
Skácel began his career with FC Hradec Králové before joining Gambrinus liga side Slavia Prague, where he caught the attention of French giants Olympique de Marseille.
Chastain was named to the USWNT All-Time Best XI in 2013.
Danielle Lynn Borgman is a professional American soccer player.
He is noted for his play-making ability and free-kick taking.
He later led Cardiff to the Premier League, the first time they had been in the top-flight for half a century.
He also played cricket in the Minor Counties for Northumberland.
He established himself as a key member of the team that won the Premier League in 2006–07, their first title success in four years.
Serkan Kırıntılı is a Turkish football goalkeeper who plays for Turkish Süper Lig club Konyaspor.
The following year, Rosenberg once again played a pivotal role in securing consecutive group stage qualifications for Malmö FF in the Champions League.
Nicknamed "The Maestro", Costa spent the majority of his career with Benfica in Portugal and Fiorentina and A.C. Milan in Italy.
He left in 1973, with a total of 55 appearances and 6 goals for Manchester United, and returned to Italy to sign for Bologna.
He married the pop singer Louise in 1998.
On club level, he is currently a free agent.
He had later spells in France with Monaco, and Greece with PAOK.
Tostão represented Brazil in two World Cups, winning the tournament in 1970.
Dean Louis McDonald is an English semi-professional footballer who plays for Merstham.
He was in the Arsenal side to reach the FA Cup Final in 1952.
Lars Jesper Blomqvist is a Swedish former footballer who played as a left winger.
He has won the Chelsea Goal of the season award twice, in the 2006–07 and 2008–09 seasons.
Gallacher made eight appearances for the Scottish national team between 2002 and 2004.
James Peter Wesolowski is an Australian footballer who plays as a midfielder for Guiseley.
Jardel made his debut for the Brazil national football team in 1996, making a total of 10 appearances and being selected for the 2001 Copa America.
He was one of the eight Manchester United players who lost their lives in the Munich air disaster.
Among the honours won during his career was the 2005 UEFA Champions League Final for Liverpool.
Robert Middleby is a former Australian football player who last played for North Queensland Fury in the A-League.
Abdoulaye Kapi Sylla is a Guinean football player.
Mornar began his career with Hajduk Split before going on to play for Eintracht Frankfurt, Sevilla, CD Ourense, Standard Liège, Anderlecht and Portsmouth.
Charles "Charlie" Sagar was an English football player.
The referee, presuming that the ball must have been placed outwith the arc, instructed Tully to retake the corner.
His last international tournament was the 2006 World Cup, where he played in two group matches before missing the third through suspension.
After three seasons of backing up Ashley Cole, in the 2006–07 season, Clichy took over the starters' role permanently.
He has represented New Zealand at senior international level, including the 2010 FIFA World Cup and at the 2008 Olympic Games.
Vágner Silva de Souza, known as Vágner Love, is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a striker for Turkish club Alanyaspor.
Mark Elrick is a retired New Zealand soccer player who last played as a striker for Hawke's Bay United.
William "Billy" Reed was a Welsh international footballer.
Martins' younger brother is John Ronan Martins.
Merouane Zemmama, Arabic: مروان زمامة‎‎, is a Moroccan footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder.
Blake has been the subject of many transfers throughout his career, with career total transfer fees reaching £3.6 million.
Kyle gained 10 full Scotland international caps.
Currently he works as an expert commentary when Swiss TV shows important matches.
He was a regular in the reserves and a successful youth international winning seven caps for England.
He began his career in the Scottish Premier League playing for Aberdeen for six years.
He also captained the Croatia national team from 2009 to 2016.
Robert Johnstone was a Scottish footballer, who played for Hibernian, Manchester City, Oldham Athletic and Witton Albion.
Gordon started his career with Heart of Midlothian.
He holds the Arsenal club record for the most appearances by a player without winning a cap or a medal.
He is an inductee to the Brazilian Football Museum Hall of Fame.
League in 1993, was arguably Japan's first superstar in football.
He earned 43 caps and scored six goals for the Bosnia and Herzegovina national team.
He currently plays for BSC Young Boys.
A successful season with Walsall resulted in a move to Milton Keynes Dons in 2009.
In August 2009, Robben transferred to Bayern Munich for a fee of around €25 million, scoring two goals on his debut.
Halilović earned 16 caps for the Bosnia and Herzegovina national football team.
He played four times for the Norwegian national team, scoring one goal, and has played professionally for Sogndal, Rosenborg, Viking and French club Metz.
In May 2008, rumours surfaced that an Indonesian club was interested in signing him.
He is widely considered one of the greatest players in Dutch football history.
Mathonet made his international debut on Christmas 1952 in a 0–1 friendly win against France.
The North Island cricket team is a representative cricket team based in New Zealand.
He was also part of the national team in the 1994 FIFA World Cup.
However, he retired from playing two years later, aged only 26, due to a knee injury.
Dimitrios "Mimis" Domazos, is a retired Greek footballer who played as a central attacking midfielder.
Will John is an American soccer player who last played for RoPS in the Veikkausliiga.
He is currently a well-known football pundit on Italian TV for SKY Italia and a commentator on Italian radio for RTL 102.5.
Gardner began his career at Aston Villa before spending the 2010–11 season with city rivals Birmingham City.
He played professional football as a midfielder from 1992 to 2011.
Neale Fenn is a retired professional footballer who is the current manager of League of Ireland First Division club Longford Town F.C.
Pablo Ibáñez Tébar, sometimes known as just Pablo, is a Spanish former footballer who played as a centre back.
Demichelis spent most of his professional career with Bayern Munich in Germany, winning 11 major titles with the team.
He is known for his passing, aerial ability and tackling.
Adnan Khamees Al-Talyani is a retired footballer from the United Arab Emirates who played as a forward.
He is the identical twin brother of SV Darmstadt 98 player Hamit Altıntop.
Kaizer Motaung is a former South African football player and founder of Kaizer Chiefs FC, of which he is chairman and managing director.
He made his debut for Bristol City against Southampton in the FA Cup in 1970.
As a player, he was a left-back from 1994 to 2011, notably in the Premier League for Tottenham Hotspur, Ipswich Town and Birmingham City.
He also works on a part-time volunteer basis in a similar capacity with the men's soccer team at his alma mater Loyola University Maryland.
He currently plays as an attacking midfielder for Blooming in the Liga de Fútbol Profesional Boliviano.
Appiah was a member of the Ghana national team, which he has represented at the youth, Olympic, and senior levels.
He also played regularly under Mark Hughes in 2013–14 before he suffered a knee injury which ruled him out nearly a year.
Reva started his career for FC Polihraftekhnika Oleksandria in 1993–1995.
Craig Gardner is an English professional footballer who plays as a central midfielder for Birmingham City.
In the mid-1990s, he had several loan spells with lower-tier Croatian sides Karlovac, Samobor and Slaven Belupo.
He currently works as a pundit for Mediaset Premium.
He played as striker, but he can also be used as a right midfielder.
Patrick Suffo Kengné is a footballer currently playing for Coventry United.
Vidović accepted the offer and he was capped 18 times.
He signed with the club as a teenager in 1938 and retired in 1961, having scored 228 goals in 534 appearances.
After two seasons with Spurs he later moved on to fellow top flight club Sunderland before briefly returning to Spurs in 2009.
Emrah has played over 250 matches at Turkish Super League and was a Turkey U21 internationals.
He returned and concluded his career in Panathinaikos in 1997.
He then moved to Sheffield United where he spent three years before moving to Sunderland.
Jamie Coyne is an Australian football player.
After this he became a journeyman and never played for the same team for more than one season at most.
The war years prevented him from making more than the 35 appearances he ultimately accrued.
Daniel Adam Pugh is an English footballer who plays for EFL League Two club Port Vale.
Donovan is the only American player to reach the 50 goals/50 assists mark.
In 2003, he joined Italian club Milan for a fee of €8.5 million.
He played 333 matches in England's top division for Luton Town, Sheffield Wednesday, Everton and Fulham, scoring 25 goals.
Cyrille Regis, MBE is a former England international footballer who played as a forward.
Philippe Charles Lucien Christanval is a retired French footballer who played as a centre back.
Raúl Díaz Arce is a retired Salvadoran football player.
Yeo went back into retirement a few months later.
Able to play as a wide midfielder or defender, Emerton was known for his "speed, ball control and creativity."
In April 2012, he was named in the PFA Team of the Year due to his influence in Newcastle's impressive season.
Per Mertesacker is a German professional footballer who plays as a centre back and captain of English club Arsenal.
In between his spells at Marinos, Nakamura played in Europe with Espanyol, Celtic, and Reggina.
Bodø/Glimt, FC Wettingen, TSV 1860 München, and FC Basel.
Luciano Gabriel "Lucho" Figueroa Herrera is a retired Argentina international footballer.
Aaron Goulding is an Australian footballer who last played for Parafield Gardens.
Samuele "Sam" Dalla Bona,, is an Italian former footballer who played as a midfielder.
After 3 saisons Fukal moved in 2011 to FC Hradec Králové, where he played in the Czech First League for two more years.
Stephen Derek "Steve" Heighway is an Irish former footballer who was part of the hugely successful Liverpool team of the 1970s.
Albert Iremonger was a football goalkeeper, county-class cricketer and brother of sportsmen Harry Iremonger and James Iremonger.
Neill William Collins is a Scottish footballer who plays as a defender for USL side Tampa Bay Rowdies.
He is now the goalkeeping coach at Rotherham United where he was a cult hero as a player.
He gained notoriety in 2005, when he had to play a match while on probation—he played while wearing an electronic tag following a drink-driving conviction.
Peters also had a loan spell with AFC Wimbledon on loan on 23 March 2007 towards the end of the 2006–07 season.
Seaman is left-handed, but throws the football with his right arm and kicks with his right foot.
Yanagisawa earned 58 caps for the Japan national team, and represented them at two World Cups, the 2000 Olympics and the 2000 Asian Cup.
He played for Flamengo during his whole professional career, first as a right-sided full-back and, from 1983 on, as a central defender.
Gunnar Andersen was a Norwegian footballer and ski jumper.
Mathieu Debuchy is a French professional footballer who plays for Arsenal and the France national team.
His stay was only brief and he had returned to Lincoln only months later.
In 2011, he joined Football League Championship side Doncaster Rovers but was released at the end of the 2011–12 season following the club's relegation.
Although a mere 5' 5", he was a huge threat for any defence as he possessed grand strike power.
Philippe Julien Albert is a former Belgian footballer who played as a defender.
An attacking fullback, his pace and ability to get up and down the flanks creates problems for the opposition.
He earned the nickname Orao because of his soaring headers.
Mullins made three appearances for the England under-21 squad in 1999.
Dragan Džajić is a former Serbian footballer who is widely considered to be one of the best Serbian footballers to emerge from former Yugoslavia.
For some time, Tapper was first team coach at Malmö FF, he later resigned from that role to become youth talent coach.
Babel began his career at Ajax in 1998, working his way up through the youth team and into the senior squad.
He can play as a striker or left winger.
Craig Beattie is a Scottish professional footballer who plays for Edinburgh City as a striker.
O'Brien announced his retirement on social media at the end of the 2016–17 season.
Even though he enjoyed a long career, Lineker was never cautioned by a referee for foul play and never received a yellow or red card.
Shiels has previously played for Hibernian, Doncaster Rovers, Kilmarnock, Rangers, Dundalk and FC Edmonton.
Mamouni previously played for Le Havre AC and US Créteil-Lusitanos in Ligue 1 and Ligue 2.
On 28 September 2008, he scored his first goal in his career.
Furthermore, Nedvěd helped his team qualify for the World Cup for the first time since the breakup of Czechoslovakia.
A forward, he previously played for Fyllingen and Brann in Norway, for Bari in Italy, and for Portsmouth and Birmingham City in England.
Olivier Occéan, born October 23, 1981) is a Canadian footballer who currently plays for Odd in the Norwegian Eliteserien.
Kazuyuki Toda is a former Japanese football player.
In 2001, Warren was on the roster of the U.S. U-20 national team at the 2001 FIFA World Youth Championship.
He was charged, and an arrest warrant for him was issued in Howard County, Maryland on 3 April 1998, but he had already left his flat.
He was selected for the England squad at the 2002, 2006 and 2010 World Cups and Euro 2004.
In the latter part of his career, as he lost his pace, Scirea played a more defensive role as a centre-back.
He plays as a central or defensive midfielder, and can also play as a central defender.
He played primarily as a left back, but also as centre back, left midfielder or centre midfielder.
Despite keeping 17 clean sheets, he left at the end of his first season and moved on to Bristol Rovers and Southend United.
Playing for Malmö FF, his career there was successful, becoming Swedish champion in 1974, 1975 and 1977, as well as runner-up in the European Cup 1979.
After one season with Derby County, he returned to Scotland to play for Rangers.
John Paul Durnin is an English former footballer who scored 100 goals in 475 league appearances over a career spanning close to two decades.
He went on to feature for Grimsby Town as well before moving to the United States where he signed with Chicago Fire in 2005.
Michael Alphonsus "Al" Finucane was an Irish football player.
His brother Michael is also a former professional footballer.
Frederick "Fred" Barber is an English former footballer who played as a goalkeeper and made nearly 400 Football League appearances.
Moreover, Zeytulayev is also romanized as Zeytulaev.
in the Premier League, Football League, Scottish Premier League, Scottish Football League and League of Ireland.
He is the younger brother of fellow footballer Kolo Touré.
He was also a member of the Paraguayan team that won the 1979 Copa América.
Bartu was the UEFA Cup ambassador of Turkey in 2008/2009 season where Fenerbahçe Şükrü Saracoğlu Stadium in Istanbul, Turkey hosted the final.
As a result, by the beginning of the 1955-56 season he had made only eight first team appearances.
After leaving Celtic Park, he had brief spells with Greenock Morton and Partick Thistle before his playing retirement in 1975.
2008 Fukal changed to the Austrian first league club Kapfenberger SV.
I think he would have accepted it, but I don't think he would have been happy with it because it wasn't the truth."
Born in Brixton, South London, Nosworthy has represented Jamaica at international level, playing ten games and scoring once.
Neill played as a defender, often playing as a centre back as well as a full back.
Having not impressed the coach during his final season he moved to Widzew Łódź in 1985.
A serious injury meant that McFadden missed most of the 2010–11 season and Birmingham, who were relegated in his absence, decided not to renew his contract.
He has played 55 international matches and scored one goal.
Valerio Fiori is an Italian former professional footballer who played as a goalkeeper, and A.C. Milan coaching staff.
Mikel Arteta Amatriain is a retired Spanish professional footballer who played as a midfielder.
He moved on to Aston Villa for £15,000 in July 1961, but struggled with injuries during a two-season stay at Villa Park.
Gary Richard Bailey is a former footballer who made nearly 300 appearances in the Football League playing as a goalkeeper for Manchester United.
He currently plays as a center back for Sarıyer.
He has eleven consecutive championships in the Norwegian Premier League, and three times he won the Norwegian Football Cup.
Voronin spent five full seasons in the Fußball-Bundesliga of Germany, and last played as a striker or attacking midfielder for Dynamo Moscow.
On 23 February 2005, he became the first person born in Monterrey to score in a Copa Libertadores.
Juan Lozano Bohórquez is a Spanish retired footballer who played as an attacking midfielder.
Regarded as one of the best defenders in the world, he was listed 23rd in The 100 Best Footballers in the World by The Guardian.
When I came back and things went really well, I just stayed 15."
Joshua Liam "Josh" Rose is an Australian professional football player who plays for Central Coast Mariners in the A-League as a left back .
Peña played more than 80 times with Bolivia, representing the nation at the 1994 World Cup and five Copa América tournaments.
His form for United was not as successful as at Independiente, although he won the Premier League in 2002–03 and the FA Cup in 2003–04.
Chivas USA in Major League Soccer in 2005.
Born in Sydney, he began his playing career with the New South Wales Institute of Sport before moving to England to join Everton.
Ørjan Berg is a former Norwegian football midfielder, who most recently played for Rosenborg.
He spent four years with Oxford, playing close to 200 games, before he was sold on to Portsmouth for £200,000 in 1993.
He had primarily spent his career at second tier level, playing there with Crewe Alexandra.
At international level, he represented Italy 60 times between 1962 and 1974, scoring 14 goals, and took part at four World Cups.
He played for Norwegian Premier League clubs Skeid, Moss, Rosenborg and Fredrikstad.
Claudio Adrián Cáceres is an Argentine-born Australian footballer who currently plays for Balcatta FC.
He started to play basketball for Fenerbahçe and was a six-time international representative with the national basketball team.
Although born in England, Bardsley qualifies for Scotland through his Glasgow-born father.
Aleksandrs Isakovs is a former football defender from Latvia.
Bradley Neil Carnell is a retired South African football defender.
As of 2013, he plays for Lobos BUAP as a goalkeeper.
He currently works as a pundit and analyst for several TV stations.
Servaas "Faas" Wilkes was a Dutch football forward, who earned a total of 38 caps for the Dutch national team, in which he scored 35 goals.
He is currently acting as goalkeeping coach in Veikkausliiga side Ilves.
He also played in Spain and Mexico.
Freddie Garcia is a retired Mexican-American soccer forward who spent seven seasons in the North American Soccer League and two in the Major Indoor Soccer League.
Emile William Ivanhoe Heskey is an English former professional footballer who played as a striker.
Rufai represented Nigeria in two World Cups and as many Africa Cup of Nations tournaments.
He spent two seasons at the Merseyside club, before moving to Manchester United for £25.6 million in the 2004 summer transfer window.
Daniël 'Dany' Verlinden is a Belgian retired footballer who played as a goalkeeper.
Håkon Eikemo Opdal is a Norwegian professional footballer who plays for Start in the Tippeligaen, as a goalkeeper.
Nico-Jos Theodoor Vaesen is a Belgian former footballer who played as a goalkeeper.
Paul Andrew Stalteri is a Canadian former soccer player, who played as a defender or midfielder.
Finidi was an important member of the Nigerian team during the 1990s, appearing in two World Cups.
Filipe Vilaça Oliveira is a Portuguese professional footballer who plays for Cypriot club Anorthosis Famagusta FC.
Bryson ended his professional league career at Rochdale, later playing for Bamber Bridge.
In Belgium he played for Club Brugge with whom he won Belgian First Division and Belgian Cup.
Micoud gained nearly 20 caps for France, and represented the nation at the 2002 World Cup and Euro 2000, winning the latter tournament.
Nikolov is currently represented by Naples based Sports Agent Andreas Kunz.
Robert "Robbie" Slater is an English-born Australian former professional football player and sports commentator.
Uğur Uçar is a Turkish professional footballer who played as a right back for İstanbul Başakşehir in the Süper Lig.
Emerson Augusto Thome, also known as Paredão, is a Brazilian retired footballer who played as a central defender.
He went on to play in Greece with Panathinaikos, Italy with S.S. Lazio, Qatar with Al-Gharafa and Russia with Kuban Krasnodar.
Francesco Toldo is an Italian retired footballer who played as a goalkeeper.
He has represented Jamaica at full international level on multiple occasions.
Brian Carroll is an American soccer player who currently plays for Philadelphia Union in Major League Soccer.
Ali Benarbia is a retired Algerian footballer who played as a midfielder.
Since 2002, Busch has played in Major League Soccer for a number of teams.
Shiva N'Zigou is a Gabonese footballer who plays as a striker for French club Saint-Nazaire AF.
She was the first woman inducted into the World Football Hall of Fame.
At first, he played as a right back, but in 2000, FK Željezničar's coach Amar Osim moved him to midfield.
Jon scored on his first-team debut for Arsenal on 27 April 1963, against Blackpool.
In total, he has won eight Serie A titles, three Coppa Italia titles, and five Supercoppa Italiana titles with Juventus.
The recipient of nearly 50 caps with Germany, he represented the nation at one World Cup and one European Championship.
He was transferred to Fulham in March 1977 before announcing his retirement eight months later.
Agger returned to Brøndby for personal reasons in August 2014, and retired two years later at the age of 31.
He currently works for the BBC as a television pundit.
He is now a part-time scout and coach for Arsenal, as well as a pundit for the BBC, ESPN, TV3, and Al Jazeera Sports +3.
Marko Kolsi is a retired Finnish footballer.
Rarely used by Barcelona and marred by injury, he was loaned to Schalke 04 and Olympiacos before signing for Stoke City in 2015.
His best years were while he was at Botafogo, where he was three times the Brazilian top scorer and won the 1995 Campeonato Brasileiro.
Prior to playing for the senior team, he played on the under-17 team that finished runners-up to Switzerland at the 2002 UEFA European Under-17 Football Championship.
He also won La Liga twice before moving to Manchester City in 2003 and retiring from football in 2005.
He played for Home United, which he first joined in 2004, having played for Geylang United and the Young Lions in his earlier years.
Gary Paul O'Neil is an English professional footballer who plays for Bristol City.
Cruz earned 22 caps for the Argentina national team from his debut in 1997, scoring three goals.
Javier García Portillo is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a forward.
Milen Ivanov Petkov is a former Bulgarian football player who played as a midfielder.
She has accumulated over 100 caps for the England women's national football team since making her debut in 1995.
He was released by the Wizards at the end of the season and returned to the Minnesota Thunder.
Everton signed McFadden for £1.25 million in 2003.
Naum Sekulovski is an Australian football player who plays for Whittlesea Ranges FC in the National Premier Leagues Victoria 2, and is the club captain.
José de Jesús Mendoza Magaña is a Mexican association football striker.
He is known for his close ball control and ability to dribble the ball.
He secured a place in the first team by the 1990–91 season, but joined Willem II in time for the following season.
He quit football after the season 2005–2006 and has continued to work at RSC Anderlecht, as youth scout.
He has played for West Bromwich Albion since 2010, except for the 2011–12 season, which he spent on loan at Birmingham City.
Moisés Alberto Muñoz Rodríguez is a Mexican professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Mexican club Puebla.
James Benjamin Scowcroft is a retired footballer who is currently a coach for the Ipswich Town academy.
By the mid-1960s offers from cross-Channel clubs were pouring in.
Arsenal turned professional in 1891, and although Danskin stood for election to the club's committee in 1892, he did not succeed in getting elected.
In 2012, Gilberto returned to Atlético Mineiro, where he won the Copa Libertadores.
In 2008 McCormack joined Championship club Cardiff City upon the expiry of his contract.
He was dubbed "the Hero of Seville" due to his display in the 1986 European Cup Final, won by his main club Steaua Bucureşti.
Gilberto da Silva Melo,, more commonly known as Gilberto, is a retired Brazilian professional footballer.
With Göteborg, he won the Allsvenskan in 2007 and the Swedish Cup in 2008, before he signed with the Sounders.
Đovani Roso, born 17 November 1972 is a former Croatian football player of Croatian and part Italian ethnicity.
In five years in the league, DiGiamarino scored seven goals and added eight assists.
During his first season at the club he scored 25 goals and won a league and League Cup double.
Wilkinson has made eleven appearances for the Australian national team, including three at the 2014 FIFA World Cup.
In the summer of 2014 he signed for Manchester City, helping them win the 2016 League Cup.
With several English clubs keen to sign him, he joined Arsenal in the summer of 1983.
He retired due to an ankle injury in 1957, and became a sports journalist.
After one season with Cardiff, Miller played in Major League Soccer for Vancouver Whitecaps FC.
Alessandro Santos, formerly Alessandro dos Santos and often known as Alex, is a Japanese football player who was born in Brazil.
Two years later he was sold to Sunderland where he remained until 2005.
He is "a deep-lying midfielder who is comfortable on the ball and capable of ferocious long-range shooting".
He left Notts County to sign for Port Vale in January 2013, and helped the club to secure promotion out of League Two in 2012–13.
Frode Eike Hansen, is a former Norwegian professional footballer who played for Mosterøy, Vidar, Viking and Lyn.
He usually plays the Attacking Midfielder/Striker position.
He became Australia's most capped player when he surpassed Alex Tobin's appearance record in January 2011.
He was released by Hereford in the summer of 2004 and linked up with the Dr Martens League side Racing Club Warwick on non-contract terms.
He was waived by New England in 2007.
He earned national representation at under-17, under-20, under-23 and full international level.
Ivica Džidić is a Croatian football player who plays for NK Široki Brijeg.
Paul Anthony Walsh is a former England international footballer who now works as a television pundit.
He originally managed in Poland before health problems forced him into relinquishing his duties.
He left Chelsea on a free transfer in July 2010 to join Liverpool, who a year later loaned him to Lille.
René Bolf is a Czech former footballer who played as a centre back.
Rubén Ariel Olivera da Rosa is a Uruguayan footballer who plays as a midfielder.
Grella represented the Australian national team on 46 occasions, and played at the 2006 and 2010 World Cups.
He is also the former CEO of the Newcastle Jets.
He was the Lithuanian player of the year in 2008 and 2009.
He represented Sweden at the 2002 and 2006 FIFA World Cups, as well as the 2004, 2008, 2012, and 2016 UEFA European Championships.
On the international level, Bešlija has not played for Bosnia since 2006 mainly due to several injuries and loss of form at club level.
Faster international goals on record include ones by Davide Gualtieri in 8 seconds and Hakan Şükür in 11 seconds.
On July 5, 2016, Coloccini returned to Argentina to join San Lorenzo, with whom he had previously been on loan to.
Howard's book, The Keeper, published in 2014, describes his career and his life with Tourette syndrome and obsessive compulsive disorder.
In January 2005 he signed a contract with Sparta Prague.
Greening signed for Fulham in 2009 and helped them to the 2010 UEFA Europa League Final, before signing permanently the following summer.
With the French national team, Wiltord earned 92 caps and scored 26 goals.
Emmanuel Olisadebe is a retired footballer who played as a striker.
He is the older brother of Papa Niang, who currently plays at FF Jaro in the Finnish Ykkönen.
David "Dedi" Ben Dayan is a retired Israeli football defender.
He joined Columbus Crew for a six-month spell in May 2012.
He also has played for the Swedish national team in 18 appearances, including 2010 World Cup qualifying and 2014 World Cup qualifying.
Marlon Beresford is an English former footballer who played as a goalkeeper.
He joined Bryne FK on loan in 2008, and ahead of the 2009 season he joined Alta IF in the second highest league.
He played for NAC Breda, De Graafschap, Ipswich Town and Grays Athletic.
Dunne was Argyle's player of the season in 1967–68.
He has been capped by Germany at international level and was a member of the squad at the 2005 FIFA Confederations Cup.
Raimundo Bibiani "Mumo" Orsi was an Italian Argentine footballer who played as a winger or as a forward.
Lee played for Bolton Wanderers, Manchester City, Derby County and England.
He returned to the Premier League for the 2010–11 season signing on loan at Midlands club Stoke City.
Andreas Ivanschitz is an Austrian footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder for Viktoria Plzen.
Miguel Ángel Rimba Alvis is a former Bolivian football defender.
Haapala played his first game for the Finnish national team on 12 October 2005 against Estonia.
After beginning playing in Jersey, he moved to England and debuted for Chelsea in 1989.
Olivier Monterrubio is a French footballer who played as a midfielder.
Miller won back to back SPL titles, the Scottish Cup and the Scottish League Cup in two full seasons with Rangers.
He has played in England, the Netherlands, France, Belgium, Algeria and Germany.
In 1998, he returned for his last season, earning second-team All-American recognition.
Klose is best known for his performances with the Germany national team.
Bartu replaced the injured Turgay Şeren at 77' and played as a goalkeeper against Romania on 2 November 1958 in Bucureşti during European Cup game.
Miller represents the Republic of Ireland team internationally, making his debut in 2004 against the Czech Republic.
He left Celtic in 2008, having never made a first-team appearance for the club.
Scott Patrick Hiley is an English former footballer who played as a defender.
Frazer Richardson is an English professional footballer.
Charles-Hubert Itandje is a French-born Cameroonian professional footballer who plays for Turkish Süper Lig club Adanaspor as a goalkeeper.
Joaquín Botero Vaca is a retired Bolivian football striker.
Lundekvam was capped 40 times playing for Norway.
Leslie Medley was an English footballer who played as a left winger.
In February 1967 he joined Plymouth Argyle, costing the Devon side £5,000.
During his career, Zarra scored a total of 251 league goals, a Spanish record that lasted nearly six decades.
He represented Bosnia and Herzegovina at 2014 FIFA World Cup.
During the 1993-94 season, he briefly played for Swindon Town in the Premier League and wore the squad number 31.
He then moved to CF Monterrey where he played for two years.
He did not play a single minute.
Clichy moved on in 2011 to more success with Manchester City, adding two more Premier League titles and two League Cups.
Patrick Villars is now in a Yemen
William Beveridge Liddell was a Scottish footballer, who played his entire professional career with Liverpool.
After a few months of training he signed a contract with GIF Sundsvall lasting the rest of the 2010 season.
Gabriel Gervais is a retired defender who played for the Montreal Impact and Canada.
He spent two and a half seasons with Koblenz, scoring eleven times.
Vitalis "Digital" Takawira is a retired Zimbabwean football player.
He played in eight games and scored a goal in 2005, but was released after the season.
Černý enjoyed a brief international career, making three appearances for the Czech Republic between 2000 and 2002.
Patrick Olaiya Olukayode Owomoyela is a German footballer who playes as a defender or midfielder.
Carle has played in the Australian A-League for Central Coast Mariners and for Club Nacional de Football in Uruguay.
Márquez is the Mexican player with the most World Cup matches played with 16.
Vedad Ibišević is a Bosnian professional footballer who plays as a forward for German club Hertha BSC and for the Bosnia and Herzegovina national team.
He joined Vålerenga in Norway, soon went on loan to Nybergsund before going on to Dundee and St Patrick's Athletic on the British Isles.
In 2011 the Brazil squad were ready to get in level terms on the world stage.
Ledley has played for Wales at under-17, under-19 and under-21 levels, before making his full debut in 2005.
Gary Michael Thomas Doherty is a retired Irish professional footballer.
He also holds a Czech professional league record of not conceding a goal in 903 competitive minutes.
He is a skillful, attacking left-back who can also play central defense and left midfield.
Martin Okelo Djetou is a French former footballer who played as a defender.
At the end of the campaign, Kuqi was released by Birmingham.
Christopher John Albright is a retired American soccer player.
David Armstrong crossed from the right and Moran arrived at the back post to volley left-footed past the Pompey 'keeper Alan Knight.
Ambidextrous, the attacking midfielder was mainly known for his skills and shooting ability.
Upon graduating, Suarez was drafted 7th overall by the Dallas Burn in the 2001 MLS SuperDraft.
Ceni is considered one of the all-time greatest Brazilian goalkeepers.
During his time with Leicester, he was at the centre of a number of refereeing controversies in which officiating calls were later shown to be wrong.
His first uninterrupted campaign came in the 2008–09 season, during which he helped Barcelona achieve the first treble in Spanish football.
He has previously played for Wimbledon, Lincoln City, Newcastle United, Wolverhampton Wanderers, Leicester City, UD Marbella and Norwich City.
He left his country in 2001 to pursue a career in Europe, going on to play mostly in Greece but also in Spain and Cyprus.
Tony Sergeant is a retired football midfielder who last played for Cercle Brugge in the Belgian Pro League.
He played most of his injury-plagued career with Sporting Clube de Portugal, after starting it with Lokomotiv Moscow.
The Revolution acquired him for good after the season.
Raymond "Ray" Parlour is an English former professional footballer who played as a midfielder from 1992 to 2007.
Can Bartu is a Turkish former basketball and football player.
His excellent form brought him a €22.5 million transfer to Chelsea.
He was troubled by injury problems during his Ipswich Town career.
Guillermo "Viriguas" León Quirós was a Costa Rican football player.
Goran Đorović is a Serbian retired footballer.
He also won the Football League Cup with Nottingham Forest and the league title with Leeds United.
His time at the Britannia Stadium was hampered by injury and he left for Sheffield Wednesday in October 2008.
Known for his pace, his playing style was sometimes compared to that of Marc Overmars.
He is regarded as one of the best German players of his generation, and among the best finishers in world football.
Samuel Osei Kuffour is a Ghanaian retired professional footballer who played as a defender.
Baihakki bin Khaizan is a Singaporean centre-back who last played for Johor Darul Takzim II F.C.
He has played for Maccabi Tel Aviv, Bolton Wanderers, Chelsea, Manchester City, Sunderland, Portsmouth, West Ham United, Queens Park Rangers, Standard Liége and Charlton Athletic.
Jonathan Jay Fortune is an English professional footballer.
He returned to England with Doncaster Rovers in July 2015, before joining Norwegian side IK Start for a brief spell in April 2017.
Brian Laudrup is a retired Danish footballer who played as a forward or as a midfielder.
However, Haapala failed to break into the first team, and made only reserve team appearances.
During his career, he has dealt with consecutive injuries making him unable to regain his top form.
After spells in Belgium and Australia, Miller returned to Scotland in 2011 when he joined Clyde.
Daniel da Silva Carvalho, more commonly known as Daniel Carvalho, is a Brazilian football attacking midfielder for Goiás.
In 2008, he stayed at IFK Göteborg but played only 9 games, of which 7 was as a starter.
A self-confessed AIK supporter, Antonelius played for Brommapojkarna, AIK, Coventry City in the Premier League and Copenhagen in Denmark.
Peter Rufai is a Nigerian retired footballer who played as a goalkeeper.
N'Guema, who plays as a striker, made a handful of first team appearances for Rennes.
Before the 2004–05 season, he moved to Borussia Mönchengladbach, staying with them until the start of the 2006–07 season.
Roso speaks fluent Hebrew, and stated numerous times that he plans on coming back to live in Israel at the end of his football career.
Sproule moved to Football League Championship club Bristol City in 2007.
After leaving Wycombe in May 2012 Halls decided to retire and set up his own male fashion business.
In February 2006, Mitu was expelled from Anderlecht, because of his possible connection with a match-fixing scandal when he played for Lierse SK in 2005.
He also spent time in Switzerland and Turkey before joining Derby in the English Premier League.
He is the half-brother of former Vålerenga colleague Thomas Holm, and the son of former footballer Paal Fredheim.
He spent 13 seasons at Bayern Munich, playing in exactly 500 matches across all competitions and scoring 68 goals.
Initially for a month he stayed for two seasons before returning home in the hope of signing for a MLS club.
After retiring from playing, he held the position of head coach for Wales's strikers.
He is a member of the Ukrainian national football team.
Abbiati currently holds the record for the most appearances as a goalkeeper for Milan.
Juan Román Riquelme is a retired Argentine footballer.
He has earned the reputation of being an eccentric goalkeeper by often dribbling the ball past the opposition's strikers and by making somewhat unorthodox saves.
"Uche" is a short form of the Igbo name "Uchechukwu".
His numerous clubs in English football included Portsmouth, Derby County and Sheffield Wednesday.
He played for Charleroi, KV Mechelen and Anderlecht in his native Belgium, and for English clubs Newcastle United and Fulham.
Demirel was the starting goalkeeper of the Fenerbahçe side that reached the quarter-finals of the 2007–08 UEFA Champions League.
94 in the official Liverpool Football Club web site poll.
In the 2013–14 season, Gyan prolifically scored on 44 occasions in 40 matches with Al Ain.
Kilbane played for several English clubs, including Everton, West Bromwich Albion, Sunderland, Wigan Athletic, Huddersfield Town and Derby County and Coventry City.
He was released in July 2013 after his contract expired.
Thomas "Pongo" Waring was an English professional association football player.
He was also awarded the Arjuna award in 2003.
Being released after one season with the club, he joined York City of the Conference Premier in 2010.
In 1997, he moved to Club America.
Fabricio Coloccini is an Argentine professional footballer who plays as a centre back for Primera División club San Lorenzo.
He was known as an overall, good goalkeeper.
Vieri was named in the FIFA 100, a list of the 125 greatest living footballers selected by Pelé as a part of FIFA's centenary celebrations.
Michael McGarry was a successful association footballer who frequently represented New Zealand in the 1980s and 1990s.
He joined the latter Stoke permanently on a free transfer in 2007 and helped the club to promotion to the Premier League in 2008.
He went on to make 76 appearances over the next three years, amid competition from Grenville Millington, Mike Salmon, Billy O'Rourke and John Butcher.
David "Dudu" Aouate is an Israeli retired professional footballer who played as a goalkeeper.
He represented the nation at the 2006 FIFA World Cup and UEFA Euro 2008.
Sander Westerveld is a retired Dutch professional football goalkeeper who is currently the goalkeeping coach of South African Premier Soccer League club Ajax Cape Town.
He helped them to win the championship in his first season, and to two further championships in 2003 and 2004.
Gravgaard is the current CEO of Randers FC.
He then signed for Watford on 6 May 1965, before moving on to Charlton Athletic and subsequently Leyton Orient.
Belanov represented the Soviet Union at one World Cup and one European Championship.
From 1993 and 2003, Rivaldo played 74 matches and scored 35 goals for Brazil and is the seventh highest goalscorer.
He was predominantly a winger, usually playing on the right wing, but he also played as a striker.
He also appeared for Coventry City and spent time at Sheffield Wednesday.
He came second to George Weah for the FIFA World Player of the Year award in 1995.
In 2005, he played for Juventud Unida where he retired for good.
Two years later he joined Queens Park Rangers via Rushden & Diamonds and Port Vale.
Buddle began his career in North America in 2000 with the Long Island Rough Riders, who played in the A-League at that time.
At international level, Yahia played for the Algeria national team prior to his retirement from international football on 1 May 2012.
Many people remember him best for a brutal tackle which injured Swede Ralf Edström during a 1977 international match.
Salif Alassane Diao is a Senegalese former professional footballer who played as a defensive midfielder.
He is predominantly a left winger, but can also operate centrally.
In 2005 Nicola Caricola moved to Cape Town, South Africa and established Nicaf Espresso Systems, official distributor of Lavazza Espresso Coffee in southern Africa.
He has also played for the England national team.
Piper missed most of the 2003-04 and 2004-05 seasons due to injury and rehabilitation.
Leonard James "Lenny" Pidgeley is an English footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Margate.
Richard Glynn "Ritchie" Jones is an English professional footballer who last played as a midfielder for FC Edmonton in the NASL.
He began his football career in 1997 with América Mineiro, where good form earned him a move to Atlético Mineiro in 2000.
He had spells with clubs across Europe where he was a prolific goal scorer.
Čech also won the Golden Glove four times; in the 2004–05 season, the 2009–10 season, the 2013–14 season and the 2015–16 season.
Melamed was released, by his request, in September 2005.
A transfer to English side Sunderland followed in 2004 but he failed to establish himself in the first team during his three-year spell on Wearside.
He primary played as an attacking midfielder or winger.
After football, he spent some time as a football analyst, but his financial and health problems continued into his retirement.
Mainly a central midfielder he can also operate as a defensive or attacking midfielder, and on either flank.
A powerful centre forward with goalscoring ability, he played professionally in Norway, Austria, England and Germany.
Tuncay Volkan Şanlı, or simply Tuncay, is a Turkish retired footballer.
By the end of his illustrious career, he had amassed a record amount of championship medals in the top-tier competitions of five different countries.
Although born and raised in Lincoln, Lincolnshire, Frecklington played for the Republic of Ireland B team in 2006.
He scored his first goal for Brann in the 1st round in the Norwegian Cup against Gneist on May 7, 2005.
He played at two World Cups and three Copa América tournaments, helping his country finish as runners-up in the 2011 Copa América.
After being purchased by Santos Laguna, he has been also loaned to Chiapas and Tigres UANL.
Between 1996 and 1998 he played three international games for the German national football team.
He led the Ivory Coast to the 2006 FIFA World Cup, their first appearance in the tournament, and also scored their first goal.
He most recently played for Oadby Town.
He is best remembered for his various unusual and colourful hairstyles.
After five-and-a-half years with Leverkusen, he joined English club Tottenham Hotspur in July 2006, where he spent two years before moving to Manchester United.
Donald Alistair Love is a Scottish professional footballer who plays as a defender for Championship club Sunderland.
Jade Bronson North is an Indigenous Australian footballer who plays for Brisbane Roar in the A-League, and is a member of the Australian national football team.
Hossam El Sayed Ghaly is an Egyptian international footballer who plays for Egyptian club Al-Ahly.
At Rosenborg he became well known as a high quality winger/striker.
He gained Liverpool's attention during a loan spell at Crewe Alexandra during the 1979–80 season, and signed for the Merseyside club in 1981.
De Guzmán is Canadian-born, but made himself available for the Netherlands after he gained Dutch citizenship in 2008.
Bellamy retired from international football, following the 2014 FIFA World Cup qualification campaign.
Nicolás Rubén Medina is an Argentine footballer who currently plays for Sport Huancayo of the Peruvian Primera División in Peru.
He signed with Port Vale in January 2017.
Liam Vaughan Henry Fontaine is an English footballer who plays for Hibernian as a defender.
They were relegated at the end of the season, with Eve missing several games because of international duty.
In 2004, he moved from Louviéroise to Gent.
At the age of 7 he began to play for S.C. Havré and then moved to Anderlecht in 1988 where he played in the youth team.
Christoph Tobias Metzelder is a German former footballer who played as a central defender.
James Richard Clapham is an English former professional footballer who is currently a first team coach at Barnsley.
This was before his move to Charlton.
Jason Culina is a former Australian football player.
He represented Denmark at the 2002 FIFA World Cup, 2010 FIFA World Cup and 2004 European Championship international tournaments.
Marcus Stephen Hahnemann is a retired American international soccer player of German descent.
He is the longest serving foreign professional footballer in the Qatar Stars League as of 2014.
Despite being born in England, Betsy qualified to represent the Seychelles through his grandparents and earned his first cap in 2011.
Two years later, he moved across the border into England and turned professional with Newcastle United in November 1897.
After a one-year stint with FC Ingolstadt 04 in Germany's 2.
He is now assistant coach at AS Monaco in France
He was the first midfielder to score 100 goals in the Premier League.
On 20 June 2013, in a match against Nigeria at the 2013 Confederations Cup, he became the first Uruguayan to win 100 caps.
In all matches played, including friendly, exhibition and pre-season games, Chinaglia scored 734 goals, giving him a lifetime average of a goal a game.
He continues to represent Tottenham Hotspur on an ambassadorial level.
Jeremy Russell Brockie is a New Zealand professional footballer who plays for SuperSport United in the South African Premier Soccer League.
Hodžić came to Switzerland as a war refugee in 1993.
He played as a defender from 1988 until 2008, however he came out of retirement briefly in 2011.
He retired at the start of the 1974–75 season.
He played first-class cricket for Derbyshire from 1901 to 1912.
He also represented the nation at the 1990 World Cup.
Saha became first marquee player for the IMG-Reliance League, to be played in India in 2014.
After making only 25 appearances for PSV, Skerla was signed by Dunfermline Athletic in 2000.
He was nicknamed O Divino, which means The Divine One, by his supporters.
In March 2004, Pelé named Nakata in his FIFA 100, a list of the top living footballers at the time.
Abdullah Sulaiman Zubromawi is a retired football defender from Saudi Arabia.
Serghei Covalciuc is a Moldovan-Ukrainian footballer who last played for Kazakhstan Premier League side FC Aktobe.
He is currently the co-assistant coach of Manchester City, alongside fellow co-assistant Brian Kidd, Domènec Torrent and manager Pep Guardiola.
Scott Barron is an English former professional football left back.
Daniel Vasilevski is an Australian footballer who plays for Altona Magic SC in the Victorian State League Division 1.
He also played in England's top flight for Southampton as well as playing in the Football League for Middlesbrough, Bolton Wanderers, Barnsley and Sheffield Wednesday.
Ashley Joseph Nicholls is an English footballer who plays for Maidenhead United.
He was capped once for England at under-21 level.
In December 2008 he signed for Bodø/Glimt for the third time.
He is currently employed as the Manager of the under-18s academy team at Manchester City.
Rae left Cardiff in 2011 and had spells later in his career with Dundee and Aberdeen.
In June 2015, Bailey was appointed assistant manager of Brechin City.
McPherson, in his playing career, featured for clubs such as Glasgow Rangers, Notts County and Arsenal.
Nicholas Brett Hunt is an English professional footballer who last played for Leyton Orient as a right back.
Fredrik Klock is a retired Norwegian footballer.
He played three matches for the Denmark national under-21 team.
His save from Paul Peschisolido of Sheffield United in the 2002–03 FA Cup was described as one of the best ever.
He retired as a player in 2014, but made a brief comeback with LA Galaxy late in the 2016 season.
After his Sunderland contract expired in June 2014, Bardsley joined Stoke City on a free transfer.
The next year Brazil were the runner-up at the 2004 Summer Olympics.
Antonio Roma was an Argentine football goalkeeper.
Lounès Gaouaoui is an Algerian football player who currently plays for CS Constantine in the Algerian Ligue Professionnelle 1.
Since the conclusion of his playing career, Leboeuf has transitioned to acting, appearing in stage and film productions.
Scott Vallow is a retired American soccer goalkeeper, most famously for playing with the Rochester Rhinos, 2005-2010.
Catalino Rivarola Méndez is a former football defender from Paraguay.
He quickly established himself in the first team, and made 257 senior appearances for Palace in five seasons.
She has been shortlisted for FIFA World Player of the Year seven times in 2005, 2006, 2007, 2008, 2010, 2012, and 2016.
Čech joined Chelsea in 2004 and made 486 official appearances for the club, putting him sixth in its all-time appearances list.
The following year, Norwich finished twelfth in the Premier League, and Ruddy was selected by new England manager Roy Hodgson for the squad for Euro 2012.
Dmitri Yevgenyevich Sychev is an association footballer who plays for FC Lokomotiv-Kazanka Moscow.
Gamarra is known for his leadership, heading and outstanding tackling skills, making him one of the most respected defenders in South America.
He moved to Britain in 2006, when he spent a season at Scottish club Dunfermline Athletic.
Raoul Lambert is a retired Belgian footballer.
Stéphane N'Guéma is a Gabonese football player who plays for Gabonese side AC Bongoville.
Hart was selected seventh overall in the 2000 MLS SuperDraft by the Colorado Rapids.
He is popularly known by the nickname of El Zorro del Desierto in reference to his debut professional team and his birthplace.
He is often regarded as the Greek Maradona.
He helped the club win the 1908 league championship.
In 2004 Dunne was appointed as goalkeeping coach at Shamrock Rovers.
Saborío originally retired in 2017, but returned months later.
Rodney Jack is a professional football player from Saint Vincent and the Grenadines.
Urumov returned to action shortly after the issue was resolved and continued to play for Rad in the 2005/06 season.
Luis García Postigo is a former international Mexican footballer, primarily as a striker; he also played as a winger.
Mathieu Flamini is a French professional footballer and environmental entrepreneur who plays as a midfielder.
A year later, he became one of 22 players inducted into the inaugural English Football Hall of Fame.
He is best known for spells with Stoke City, Leeds United, Sheffield Wednesday, Nottingham Forest and West Ham United.
Srđan Radonjić is a Montenegrin former professional footballer who played as striker.
Tymoshchuk is regarded as one of the greatest players in the history of Shakhtar Donetsk and Zenit Saint Petersburg, captaining both sides to championship titles.
Between 2004 and 2006, Dunphy presented the breakfast programme on Dublin's local Newstalk 106 radio station before it became a national broadcaster.
In 2016, he was given his first head coaching role at Orange County Blues, succeeding Oliver Wyss.
Oleg Yashchuk, Lanivtsi Raion, Ternopil Oblast then Ukrainian SSR) is a Ukrainian professional footballer.
He has worked for both Sky Sports in England and TV3 and Today FM in Ireland.
At the end of the season, he moved permanently to Rangers for £3 million.
Fredrik Guttormsen Lærum Winsnes is a Norwegian former professional footballer who played as a midfielder, primarily for Rosenborg BK in the Norwegian Premier League.
Owen moved to Real Madrid for £8 million in mid-2004; he was frequently used as a substitute.
He has previously played for Sheffield Wednesday, Rochdale, Aberdeen and Bradford City.
He played for Adelaide United in the Hyundai A-League's inaugural season.
He scored 51 goals in 289 Premier League appearances for four clubs.
On 14 May 2014, Park announced his retirement from football, citing his knee injury as the reason for his departure.
In 2004, he arrived at Bayern Munich, where he won one German Cup and three Bundesliga titles.
He was appointed captain in 2011 and went on to make over 200 appearances in all competition for the Royals.
His senior career has been spent primarily in the English and Spanish football league systems, and has also been capped for the Cameroon national team.
Anthony Costa is an Australian football player who plays as a striker for Adelaide City.
In 2007, he was selected as Brazil captain for the Copa América tournament, which Brazil went on to win.
Playing in Spain since 1999 and representing nearly ten different clubs during his professional career, he received a passport from that country in August 2006.
Alan Quinn is an Irish professional footballer.
Andrew Neil Webster is a Scottish footballer who plays as a centre back.
At the end of 2007, he returned to his native club, NBK.
He also had a spell with Bedminster.
A former attacking midfielder, he was considered an elite playmaker in a decadent period for the Uruguay national team.
He represented the Northern Ireland national team over an eleven-year period, earning 56 caps.
He was also known for his leadership, serving as captain of both Juventus and the Italian national side.
One of his finest moments was at the 2004 Tiger Cup, during the semifinal match between Malaysia and Indonesia.
He primarily plays as a central midfielder "but his adaptability to function in almost all positions in midfield is admirable.
He later played for Bradford City and for Golden FC in Hong Kong before retiring in 1994.
During his time with West Ham, the club were relegated in 2003 but won promotion in 2005.
Konstantinos "Kostas" Katsouranis is a former Greek professional footballer.
Dagfinn Enerly is a Norwegian former football player.
Born in Longsight, Manchester, Brown began his career with Manchester United, joining the club's academy at the age of 12 in 1992.
The current training facilities of the Fenerbahçe senior football team is named after Bartu.
He signed for Sunderland at the beginning of the 2009–10 season for £3.5 million.
Stephen Carr is an Irish former footballer who played for and captained Birmingham City from 2009 to 2013.
He is occasionally stated as the all-time top scorer in professional football, with 1329 goals, although this is highly disputable.
Patrick Olusegun Odegbami, often shortened to Segun Odegbami is a retired Nigerian footballer who played as a forward.
Christine Margaret Sinclair, OC is a Canadian soccer player and captain of the Canadian national team.
He signed for Aston Villa in June 2014, then joined Coventry City on loan in October 2015, joining on a permanent deal in January 2016.
Andrews labelled Friday "the complete centre-forward", and, along with numerous contemporaries, retrospectively rated Friday as good enough for the England national team.
He earned his two caps against Scotland and Yugoslavia, and was the first player to be capped while playing for Ipswich Town.
He was a member of Arsenal's famous Invincibles team before leaving the club in 2011.
Michael Christian Oakes is an English former professional footballer who played as a goalkeeper from 1991 until 2008.
Hulse was a part of QPR's Championship winning team in the 2010–11 season.
Roberto Oscar Bonano is an Argentine retired footballer who played as a goalkeeper.
Cheick Ismaël Tioté was an Ivorian footballer who played as a defensive midfielder.
He is also a former member of the Iran national football team and usually plays in the centre back position.
He was a member of Argentina's squad at the inaugural FIFA World Cup in 1930.
Prior to his move to Belgium in 2001, he played for several Romanian clubs such as Steaua Bucureşti and FC Universitatea Craiova.
He also appeared 21 times for the senior England national football team, scoring one goal.
Good form led to an international call-up in 1998, after which he signed for the Serie A defending champions Juventus.
He was selected for the 2010 and 2014 FIFA World Cup squads, as well as the 2012 and UEFA Euro 2016 UEFA Euro Championships.
A youth player at Birmingham City, he joined Walsall in 1971, moving on to Everton later in the year.
Boyce has also represented the Barbados national team, making his debut for the side in 2008.
Oliver Patric Neuville is a German retired footballer who played as a striker.
He also won the Ligue 1 title at Bordeaux and in each of his three consecutive seasons at Lyon.
He Is currently playing in the Norwegian second division for Førde Fotball.
He currently plays as a defensive midfielder for Avaí.
He played college soccer at Brown, from 1999 to 2002, where he started 58 games, and was twice named first-team All-Ivy.
He has previously played top-flight football in Paraguay, Italy, Argentina, England and Spain.
Tolga Seyhan is a Turkish former footballer.
He also played for Falkirk, Raith Rovers and Meadowbank Thistle
At Lyon, Essien won back-to-back league titles in 2003–04 and 2004–05 and also played in the UEFA Champions League for the first time.
Habib Beye is a French-born Senegalese former footballer who retired after being released by Doncaster Rovers.
Kartes played the 2001 season for the Mutiny, but was largely unimpressive, registering no points in 516 minutes.
During an 18-year professional career he played mainly for Bayer Leverkusen and Borussia Mönchengladbach, amassing Bundesliga totals of 334 games and 91 goals.
He debuted for the Latvia national team in 1995, and was included in the Euro 2004 squad.
Jerzy Paweł Gorgoń was a Polish football player who is remembered for his participation in the 1972 Summer Olympics.
He was also the winner of the Jimmy Rooney Medal(Man of the Match) in the 2004 Premier League Grand Final.
Antti Markus Sumiala is a Finnish former footballer.
He is the leading scorer in history with 16 goals in the Derby of the eternal enemies against Olympiacos F.C.
He made a total of 42 appearances for his national team between 1956 and 1967.
Wayne Michael Bridge is an English retired footballer who played as a left back.
Antonio Brogno is a retired Belgian football striker who was last on the books of Olympic Charleroi.
Nicknamed "Terror" due to his ability to terrorise opponents.
In June 2011, he signed a two-year contract with Cyprus club Aris Limassol F.C..
He scored the winning goal in the 2001 Second Division play-off final, and then made a £50,000 move to Rotherham United in March 2002.
Alan David Hansen is a Scottish former football player and BBC television football pundit.
He returned to Celtic Park and broke into the first-team squad during the 2003–04 season.
He then returned to Scotland to play for Hearts, where he won a Scottish Cup winners medal.
He is currently coordinator for the sporting infrastructure of Fenerbahçe.
Trevor Whymark is a former England international footballer who played in the Football League in the 1970s and 1980s, notably with Ipswich Town.
Masashi Motoyama is a Japanese football midfielder for Giravanz Kitakyushu.
Mark Peter Gertruda Andreas van Bommelk fɑm ˈbɔməl]; born 22 April 1977) is a Dutch former professional footballer.
Dário Alberto Jesus Monteiro, known simply as Dário, is a Mozambican retired footballer who played as a striker.
Archibald "Archie" Hunter, was the first captain of Aston Villa to lift the FA Cup, in 1887.
At the 2006 World Cup, he played in six matches for Portugal, who came fourth after reaching the semi-finals.
Michael Ballack is a retired German footballer.
Hiroyuki Ishida is a former Japanese football player.
He played for clubs like PSV Eindhoven, Maccabi Haifa, FC Twente and Metalurh Donetsk.
He was one of the first footballers who played 100 international games for their country.
Antonín Kinský is a Czech former professional footballer who played as a goalkeeper.
Otherwise since 2001, Nedim Halilović plays for NK Varteks in the Croatian First League.
English Premier League club Sunderland bought him in 2007 for £9 million.
On 20 August 2015, Alam Shah was spotted driving GrabCar, a private on-demand chauffeur service on the GrabTaxi app platform.
Rafael Márquez Lugo is a retired football striker and current analyst for Fox Sports Mexico.
She won an Olympic gold medal in 1996 in Atlanta and a silver medal at the 2000 Olympics in Sydney.
Usually a playmaker, he was known for his fantastic close control and passing ability.
Internationally, West made 42 caps for Nigeria between 1994 and 2005, being a member of the team in two World Cups and two African Championships.
His father is Ray Mabbutt and brother Kevin Mabbutt.
From 1938–59 he played primarily for CD Universidad Católica in Santiago.
Since retirement, he has presented on TalkSPORT radio and written for both The Times and Ireland's Hot Press magazine.
William Henry "Billy" Rafferty is a retired Scottish footballer who played as a forward.
He previously played for Lüneburger SK, VfL Osnabrück, SC Paderborn 07, Arminia Bielefeld, SV Werder Bremen, Borussia Dortmund and Hamburger SV II.
He can be deployed as a centre-forward or as a winger or attacking midfielder.
Dean was the first Everton player to wear the number-9 shirt, which in later years would become iconic at the club.
It was there that he started his teaching career in a primary school.
Carro spent most of his career playing in Uruguay but he played abroad for the Queensland Roar in the Australian A-League and Macará in Ecuador.
He is also a former England Under-21 international.
In between, in 2000/2001 he played one season at FC Zwolle, on loan.
He can play at either centre-back or as a central midfielder.
The next year he joined Sheffield United via Port Vale.
Tevez began his career with Boca Juniors, winning the Copa Libertadores and Intercontinental Cup in 2003 before moving to Corinthians where he won the Brasileiro.
José Luis Pérez Caminero is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a midfielder.
He also became top scorer in Allsvenskan while on loan at Halmstads BK during the 2004 season.
          International caps:  
He saw very limited playing time as a rookie, however, appearing in only one game for five minutes.
He then moved to Scottish club Rangers where he played for six years, winning two Scottish Premier League championships and the 2002 Scottish Cup.
Litmanen is widely considered to be Finland's greatest football player of all time.
Having previously represented England from under-16 to under-21 level, Campbell earned his first cap for the senior team in 2012.
In recognition of his human rights activism, he received the Man of Peace award from the Nobel Peace Prize Laureates in 2010.
Kōji Morisaki is a Japanese football player who currently plays for Sanfrecce Hiroshima of the J-League.
After leaving Bilbao in 1955, he played for one year with SD Indautxu and another with Barakaldo before retiring.
Mitts announced her retirement from soccer via Twitter on March 13, 2013.
Carlo Domenico Sartori is an Italian former footballer.
After years in the various indoor leagues and minor outdoor leagues, he signed with MLS and the Columbus Crew midway through the inaugural 1996 season.
Zlatan Ibrahimović is a Swedish professional footballer who plays as a forward.
Barton served 77 days of this prison term, being released on 28 July 2008.
His family name is Paintsil but at birth, it was registered as Pantsil.
"Giourkas" means "Giorgos" in the Pontic Greek dialect and is his grandfather's name.
Gera is known for his overhead-kick goals and his cartwheel to back-flip celebration, which he demonstrated in Fulham's Europa League quarter-final win against Juventus in 2010.
He was nicknamed "El Buldog" and often wore a cartoon bulldog on his goalkeeper jersey.
In 2011 the striker signed for Lorient playing for Les Merlus til 2014.
In 2003, he went on loan to the Rochester Rhinos as back up to Bill Andracki.
He played for a number of foreign clubs, including Chelsea and Fulham in England and several clubs in Germany.
Carlos Manuel Bocanegra is a retired American professional soccer player.
Even so, he still managed to score 20 goals, including four in one match as Spain beat Switzerland 6–3 on 18 February 1951.
Mahamadou Diarra is Malian former footballer who played as a defensive midfielder.
Mohamed Noh Alam Shah is a retired professional football player from Singapore.
Robert Betts, is an English footballer who plays as a Midfielder currently playing non-league football.
He lives in Keswick just south of Norwich.
He was a hard-working player who runs a lot and he was mostly oriented in destruction of opposite teams play.
I've got 4 screws in both my knees, one in my ankle.
The strongest aspects of Friday's game were his ball skills, footballing intelligence and physical and mental strength.
In 2009, Gera briefly retired from the national team following a dispute with then-manager Erwin Koeman.
He also played for Iran in the 1978 World Cup.
Two years later, he joined Plymouth Argyle and became a key player for Peter Shilton's side.
During his career, Guglielmone has played for clubs in Uruguay, France, Azerbaijan, Mexico, Paraguay and China.
His most notable moment being the scorpion kick save.
He ended his career as a striker for BX Brussels and also holds the Belgian nationality.
He has previously played for Charlton Athletic, Tottenham Hotspur, West Ham United, Fulham, Liverpool, Nottingham Forest, Queens Park Rangers, and Leicester City.
A full international from 2004 to 2012, he earned 35 caps and was included in the Dutch squads for two World Cups and two European Championships.
He was capped 77 times, and scored 1 goal for the Paraguay national football team in an international career that lasted from 1979 to 1989.
He left United in 1909 to go to Preston North End.
He spent the last two years of his career back in his native Czech Republic playing for Sparta Prague.
Lucian Burdujan is a Romanian footballer who currently plays as a striker or a winger.
Quinton Fortune is a South African former footballer who was able to play both as a midfielder and as a defender.
Sotirios Kyrgiakos is a retired Greek footballer who played as a central defender internationally for the Greece national team.
During his playing career, he earned three international caps for Jamaica.
Stefan "Paule" Beinlich is a retired German footballer, who played as a central midfielder.
With the club Roma won the Argentine League of 1962, 1964, 1965, and the Campeonato Nacional 1969 and 1970.
In 2006, she co-founded the Julie Foudy Sports Leadership Academy, an organization focused on developing leadership skills in teenage girls.
He is one of Costa Rica's best players in the past decade.
He has earned 27 caps for his country, and played for them at the 2002 FIFA World Cup.
He won the Indonesian Football League twice, the first in 2000 with PSM, and the second in 2004 with Persebaya.
Bob Paisley described him as "one of Liverpool's greatest players and probably the most underrated".
Ionuţ Cristian Stancu is a Romanian football wingback who plays for FC Caransebeș.
After three seasons with Cannes, in 2003, he was convinced by manager and countryman Arsène Wenger to join Arsenal in England.
Claudio Paul Caniggia is an Argentine retired footballer who played as forward or winger.
He represented Jamaica internationally, including at the 1998 World Cup, and was named Jamaican Sportsman of the Year in 1997.
          Total 1st team games:  36
Núñez plays primarily as an attacking midfielder.
Mainly a defensive midfielder he can also operate as a central defender, where he started his career at Ajax.
Roald Jensen, nicknamed "Kniksen", of Bergen, Norway was one of that country's most celebrated association football players.
Bartu played 326 games with Fenerbahçe and scored 162 goals.
On 5 September 2001, he made his full international debut in a 2002 World Cup qualifier against San Marino.
Žydrūnas Karčemarskas is a Lithuanian footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Osmanlıspor.
Olić primarily plays as a striker but can also operate as a winger.
He currently plays for Operário MS as a forward.
Valērijs Ivanovs is a former football midfielder from Latvia.
Bareth 'Barry' Venison is an English former professional footballer and sports television pundit, who as a player was a defender from 1981 to 1997.
Luca Toni, Ufficiale OMRI is an Italian former professional footballer who played as a striker.
He has been regarded by Alex Ferguson as, pound for pound, his greatest ever signing.
After playing youth football for Náchod and Hradec Králové, he began his senior club career with the latter team.
Franck Steve Songo'o is a Cameroonian footballer who plays as a forward or midfielder.
Thomas Løvendahl Sørensen is a retired Danish footballer who last played as a goalkeeper for A-League club Melbourne City.
His son, named Roy, is also a footballer and was called for the 2012 UEFA European Under-17 Football Championship.
He played for NK Zagreb between 1994 and 1996 before moving to Israel.
Between 1996 and 2006 Andrews was a regular for the Trinidad and Tobago national football team, winning 99 caps up to that point.
In 2004 Masudi first ventured into Israeli football playing for Bnei Sakhnin.
After returning to Australia to play for Sydney United, Durante joined Newcastle Jets in the newly formed A-League.
Stephen Neal Clemence is a retired English football midfielder who last played for Leicester City where he was team captain.
Tighe Dombrowski is an American soccer player, currently without a club.
He currently plays for CR Belouizdad in the Algerian Ligue Professionnelle 1.
FC Köln from 1972 to 1987 was also nicknamed Toni by the players of the team, to avoid misunderstandings between him and the defender Harald Konopka.
He is a free agent having most recently played for West Ham United.
He also represented Croatia at UEFA Euro 2004 and the 2006 FIFA World Cup.
He was promptly selected for the Israel national team, for which he won 21 caps over the next four years, scoring six goals.
Rafferty began his league career with Coventry City after joining them from Port Glasgow but found opportunities few and far between.
He participated in Mexico's CONCACAF Gold Cup victory in 2009, and participated in the 2010 FIFA World Cup in South Africa.
Guðni Bergsson, is an Icelandic former football player who played for Bolton Wanderers and the current president of the Icelandic Football Association.
Following their relegation Tuncay joined Stoke City in August 2009 for a fee of £5 million.
She currently works as a sport psychologist for the male and female teams of 1.
Steed Malbranque is a Belgian-born French footballer who plays for Stade Malherbe Caen.
He died in 2005, age 59, due to complications from the immunosuppressive drugs he needed to take after a liver transplant in 2002.
After two years with Nottingham Forest, Van Breukelen moved to PSV Eindhoven in 1984.
He signed for them 02.02.2014 effectively retiring from professional football.
Boffin is currently managing Patro Eisden Maasmechelen playing in the Belgian First Amateur Division.
Babel has been part of the Dutch national football team since 2005, and has represented his country at all youth team levels.
He became a football agent after finishing his playing career.
Hart replicated this feat in the 2011–12 season and was a key player during City's title-winning campaign.
Baştürk also played for Wattenscheid 09, VfL Bochum, Hertha BSC, VfB Stuttgart and English club Blackburn Rovers.
For the other footballers known as Emerson, see Emerson.
Massimo Maccarone is an Italian professional footballer who plays as a striker for Australian club Brisbane Roar.
Dong Fangzhuo is a Chinese former professional footballer who played as a forward.
Owen Lee Hargreaves is an English former footballer and current television pundit for BT Sport.
He helped Zabrze to five consecutive Polish cups in 1968-72.
De Pedro represented Spain at the 2002 World Cup.
Three years in which he once won the Bundesliga title with Stuttgart and in which he massively expanded his importance for his club.
After leaving Barnsley, O'Callaghan joined Notts County for whom he scored once against Wycombe Wanderers.
From 1998 to 2013 Lobonț amassed 85 caps for the Romania national team, and played in the UEFA Euro 2000 and UEFA Euro 2008.
He has played once for the Sweden national football team.
Carey Talley is a former American soccer player.
Radhi Ben Abdelmajid Jaïdi is a Tunisian former footballer who played as a centre back.
He spent over four years there, and scored both their goals in their League Cup Final win over Liverpool in 1987.
In all he played 346 games for Arsenal in eleven years, every single one at left half – he never scored a goal, however.
He became one of the top young players in the Scottish Premier League, winning the young player of the year awards in 2005.
Craig Peter Johnston is a South African-born Australian former footballer.
Nowak left behind a wife, Beata, and two young children – a son, Maksymillian, and a daughter, Maria.
After a €5.1 million transfer, he spent the 2013–14 season at Atlético Madrid, winning another La Liga title before leaving to play for New York City.
He was nicknamed "Ciccio" throughout his career.
He became a regular for Leicester City in the late 1990s and early 2000s, and performed a similar role for Birmingham City and Blackburn Rovers.
From an early age, he was interested in football.
He is the current Football Director of Brazilian club Palmeiras, where he had also previously played.
He appeared as the Pit Stop Greeter of Leg 3 in HaMerotz LaMillion 2, which took place in Dubrovnik, Croatia.
His former clubs include KV Mechelen and R.S.C.
Sergio Volpi is a former Italian footballer.
In 1996 - 2005 he played for FC Baník Ostrava.
During his time at the club, he won the 2004 Norwegian Football Cup and the 2007 Tippeligaen.
Mohamed Kaboré is a Burkinabé football goalkeeper.
He struggled to hold down a regular place in the Everton team and moved to Birmingham City for £5 million in January 2008.
Igor Petrovich Semshov is a Russian professional football coach and a former player.
A week earlier, Gray had represented the Scottish League.
He failed to settle in Germany and returned to England in 2011–12 with Bolton Wanderers.
A forward, Cooper began his soccer career with Manchester United but failed to break through to the first team.
In his first two years with the Rapids, Hart missed the beginning of each season due to injuries.
Jermaine "Jerry" Hue is a professional football midfielder who currently plays for Harbour View.
He was a member of the Under-20 team at the 2007 FIFA U-20 World Cup.
Shane Charles Alan McFaul is an Irish footballer.
The former Serbia and Montenegro international has recently moved from the dressing-room to the boardroom, back at Red Star Belgrade.
He is widely regarded as the best defender in Mexico's history and one of the best Mexican players of all time.
He was in their squad for the 2006 FIFA World Cup and UEFA Euro 2012, after which he retired from international football.
A defender, he started his career with the Edmonton Eagles and Vancouver Whitecaps, before joining Dutch champions PSV Eindhoven in 1985.
Michael Wayne Duberry is an English former professional footballer who played as a centre-back.
Louis Noé Pamarot, more commonly known as Noé Pamarot, is a French former professional footballer who played as a central defender.
In his later years, Stafford ran hotels in Wrexham, Wales, and in Canada, near the confluence of the Ottawa and Saint Lawrence Rivers at Montreal.
Robert de Pinho de Souza, simply known as Robert, is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Vitória as a striker.
This is possibly the first time racial abuse was headlined in a football report.
He is a central midfielder who plays in the holding midfield role or as an box-to-box midfielder.
Carlo Cudicini is a retired Italian footballer who played as a goalkeeper.
Zisis Vryzas is a former football player and the technical director of Veria F.C..
For the Italy national team, Toldo appeared in five international competitions, being a starter in UEFA Euro 2000, where he helped Italy reach the final.
He is also a former professional footballer who played as a forward from 1995 to 2013.
Chris Roner, who goes by his middle name Thor, is a former American soccer player.
His tactical knowledge as a defender made him a valuable team member in top European competitions until he reached his late-thirties.
El Kaddouri was a left back but can also played left midfield if needed.
However, Arsenal signed Stan Charlton in November 1955 and he displaced Wills out of the Arsenal first team.
He died in Detroit of a heart attack on 27 November 2008.
Wilhelmsson played 79 times with Sweden, representing the nation at the 2006 World Cup and in three European Championships.
He played mainly at right back though could also adapt to a central defensive role.
Christof Babatz is a former professional footballer from Germany.
England won the World Cup, but Greaves was not given his medal until a change of FIFA rules in 2009.
Bentley produced strong performances for his new club, and soon featured regularly for the England under-21 team.
His main assets were good set pieces and passing skills.
Peter Michael Whittingham  is an English professional footballer who plays for Blackburn Rovers.
The war in Croatia halted a promising season for the 21-year-old, eventually resulting in Šuker's move to Sevilla in 1991.
James Michael "Jay" McEveley is a footballer who plays as a defender for Ross County.
Her mother's lineage goes back to Wilhelm Zimmermann from Waldbreitbach in the Westerwald which is North of Koblenz.
He stayed with the club through the opening of the 2005 season, but was let go when Columbus acquired Cornell Glen.
Born in West Bromwich, Pennington was a left-back for West Bromwich Albion for 19 years, from March 1903 to May 1922.
Jahn Ivar Jakobsen, nicknamed Mini, is a Norwegian former football player who has played for, amongst others, Bodø/Glimt and Rosenborg.
Servet Çetin is a Turkish footballer who last played for Mersin Idmanyurdu in the Süper Lig.
Daniel Borimirov Borisov is a retired Bulgarian footballer who played mainly as an attacking midfielder.
In 2001, Liverpool won a cup treble of the UEFA Cup, FA Cup and Football League Cup, and Owen was the recipient of the Ballon d'Or.
Alan Hutton is a Scottish professional footballer who plays as a right back for Aston Villa.
Finally an extra layer of padding was applied to the bandage as a solution, and the match could start.
He started his career in the clubs Finnås and Bremnes in Bømlo.
Born in Belfast, he started his career at Manchester United before playing more than 150 games for Norwich City and was a Northern Ireland international.
Jonathan Richter is an Australian footballer who plays for Queensland State League side Brisbane Strikers as a midfielder.
Osman earned two international caps for the England national team, making his debut at the age of 31.
His time at Liverpool was unsuccessful and was sent out on loan to Birmingham City, Portsmouth and Stoke City.
During the very early years of his career, Jakobsen played at Junkeren and Grand Bodø, two minor Norwegian clubs in the town of Bodø.
He believes Sealey is guiding his way in football.
Cafercan Aksu, is a Turkish football player who plays as a striker for Darıca Gençlerbirliği.
Gifted with incredible stamina and pace, the central defender could also be adapted at right back.
Edmond Bezik is a retired Armenian-Iranian footballer and coach.
He works as a football pundit for Sky Sports and is the honorary president of Guernsey F.C..
FC Köln before moving to Alania Vladikavkaz.
He remains one of their most iconic players.
Palmeiras, Atlético Madrid and the Brazilian national team.
Beli Moumouni Dagano is a Burkinabé footballer.
Enrique Castro González, known as Quini, is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a striker.
He played for the San Jose Earthquakes of Major League Soccer.
He played in the first ever Republic of Ireland U23 game in 1966 and played in un-capped internationals against West Germany's Olympic team and Australia.
His primary position was as a right back, though he was also able to play in central defence.
In 2011, he returned to Italy, joining Juventus, where he later won six consecutive Serie A titles between 2012 and 2017, among other trophies.
He played in a total of 375 Bundesliga games and scored 38 goals.
Zanetti played for several Italian clubs throughout his career, winning titles with Fiorentina, Roma, Inter, and Juventus.
He began his career at Derby County, before moving to Middlesbrough, with whom he won the League Cup in 2004.
Kolubah "Zizi" Roberts is a former Liberian football player.
Bingley also made 14 appearances for the Australian national team, scoring five goals.
Chivu earned his first of 75 international caps between 1999 and 2010, and was part of Romania's squads for UEFA European Championships in 2000 and 2008.
Alan Kennedy is a former English professional footballer who played as a left back.
A pacey winger, he was able to play on the right or left wing and as a second striker.
Barry played international football for Senegal and was part of the squad for the 2006 African Cup of Nations in Egypt.
Sørensen started his career with his local side Odense BK.
In the final he scored an own goal but Chivas still won the Interliga Championship.
He has also played for England at under-21 level.
He has played 58 international matches for the Latvia national team.
Between 1997 and 2003 Sullivan was capped 28 times by Scotland.
Petter Vaagan Moen is a Norwegian footballer who is currently playing for HamKam in the Norwegian 2.
His first international match came against El Salvador on November 17, 1998, when he was still only 19.
Mirosław Szymkowiak is a retired Polish footballer, who played last for Turkish club Trabzonspor.
He captained the Algeria national football team during the 2010 World Cup in South Africa, holding the position from June 2010 to May 2012.
He missed their European Cup triumph in 1968 through injury.
Liam Rhys Reddy is an Australian professional football player who plays as a goalkeeper for A-League side Perth Glory.
Erick Lonnis Bolaños is a retired Costa Rican football goalkeeper who played during the 1990s and early 2000s.
His playing career also included spells at Southampton and Blackburn, among others.
Piątek is regarded as one of the best Polish goalies.
He was named assistant coach of Cagliari in April 2015.
Isakovs specialty is also a sports teacher.
From 2000–2002, Foudy served as president of the Women’s Sports Foundation.
He finished his career at the school with 22 goals and 18 assists.
Harald Martin Brattbakk is a Norwegian former football player, now working as a pilot.
He only spent one season at his new club however, before impressive performances persuaded German club Bayer Leverkusen to sign him.
He announced his retirement after unable to making a contract renewal with his last club South China in Hong Kong First Division League after 2006–07 season.
Having lived in Belgium for ten years, he also holds Belgian nationality.
He also had loan periods with Hull City and Tottenham Hotspur, where he scored 15 goals in 37 matches and three goals in 22 appearances respectively.
Séamus John James "Shay" Given is an Irish professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper.
Two years later he moved on to Yeovil Town following a short loan spell.
He played for Sunderland from 2003 until 2009 after rising as a product from the team's Youth Academy before signing for Ipswich Town.
Phillip Anthony Bardsley is a professional footballer who plays for Premier League club Burnley and the Scotland national team.
Having been without a club for a few months, he rejoined Birmingham for the second half of the 2014–15 season.
He began training the children of the school using techniques derived from Brazilian football.
Carlos César Sampaio Campos, is a Brazilian former footballer, who played as a midfielder.
Telmo Zarraonandía Montoya, known as Zarra, was a Spanish football forward.
Jermain Colin Defoe is an English professional footballer who plays as a striker for Premier League club Bournemouth and the England national team.
He played as a forward for the national team during the 2002 World Cup, the 2004 Summer Olympics, and the 2006 World Cup.
In his club playing career, he scored 20 goals from 403 club appearances.
He retired at the end of the 2006 season, and has previously played for F.K.
He has been capped for the Brazilian national team.
He was working as the goalkeeping coach at Everton and United States.
When Koeman was replaced by Sándor Egervári in 2010, Gera returned to Hungary's international squad.
Karl Fredrik "Freddie" Ljungberg is a Swedish former footballer who played as a winger.
Widely considered one of the greatest football players in Israel, he had a promising future which was cut short by a fatal accident.
Evaristo Beccalossi is a former Italian footballer who played as a midfielder.
Gary Andrew Pallister is an English former professional footballer and sports television pundit.
Chapuisat represented his country at the 1994 World Cup and two European Championships.
He has won 78 caps and scored five goals for Scotland.
Capped for the Belgium national team, Verstraeten played one game at the 1998 FIFA World Cup.
He received offers to large teams including Ajax Amsterdam, Feyenoord Rotterdam and Real Madrid Club de Fútbol.
Long active in beach soccer, Ibsen played for the United States national beach soccer team at the FIFA Beach Soccer World Cup in 2006 and 2007.
Later, he played for Venezia A.C. in 1962 and for S.S. Lazio in 1964.
Since 22 October 2012 Isakovs has been the head of Daugavpils Sport administration.
He was one of the few great Portuguese football players of his generation who never played for Benfica, Sporting Lisbon or Porto.
He also holds the highest goals-to-games ratio for England of anyone who has played more than a single international.
Jaromír Blažek is a retired Czech football goalkeeper who last played for FC Vysočina Jihlava.
Dunne made his debut for the Republic of Ireland in a World Cup qualifier against Spain at Dalymount Park in May 1965.
He moved to English Premier League club Derby County in 1996.
Puustinen was a regular member of the Finland national under-21 football team.
Panayiotis Alexiou "Peter" Vagenas is a former American soccer player.
In 1996, he joined the Leeds United youth academy.
A goalkeeper, he played for Leeds United and Birmingham City and also won 37 caps for Wales.
On leaving Newcastle in 2014, he briefly represented Gaziantep BB in Turkey, before brief spells at Crystal Palace, Bolton Wanderers, Fleetwood Town and Notts County.
A Portuguese international, Ronaldo was named the best Portuguese player of all time by the Portuguese Football Federation in 2015.
Wilfred James "Wilf" Mannion was an English professional footballer who played as an inside forward, making over 350 senior appearances for Middlesbrough.
He began his career at Barnsley, where he scored once against Mansfield.
James Monie is an Australian footballer who plays for Avoca.
Magnus Kihlstedt is a former Swedish football goalkeeper.
He helped Vale win promotion out of League Two in 2012–13.
Since ending his football career he has worked in the media, including with the BBC, Setanta Sports, Talksport, BT Sport and RTÉ.
He played at the World Cups in 1994, 1998 and 2002.
Daniel 'Dani' Mallo Castro is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for CE L'Hospitalet as a goalkeeper.
Gilardino currently holds the record for being the second-youngest player to have scored 100 goals in Serie A, after José Altafini.
He was part of their squads at the 1998 FIFA World Cup and UEFA Euro 2000.
Antar Yahia is a retired Algerian professional footballer who played as a defender, and is currently the sporting director of Orléans.
His only international tournament appearance was at Euro 1980.
He was capped for the Belgian national team 46 times.
Shane Edward Smeltz is a New Zealand international footballer who plays as a striker for Borneo F.C.
A player of great physical strength, he operates as a defender or midfielder on the right side of the pitch.
Grønkjær was capped 80 times for the Danish national team from 1999 to 2010, scoring five goals.
After retiring, Bryson spent a spell coaching youngsters at North End's academy.
On February 24, 2007 Yahia played his first Ligue 1 match for Sedan against Rennes
Bastian Schweinsteiger is a German professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Major League Soccer club Chicago Fire.
Fathi Kameel Matar Marzouq was a Kuwaiti football player in the late 1970s and early 1980s.
Davor Šuker is a retired Croatian footballer and the current president of the Croatian Football Federation, a position he has held since July 2012.
He scored 253 goals for the club in all competitions which makes him their top goalscorer of all time.
She is currently an analyst, reporter and the primary color commentator for women's soccer telecasts on ESPN.
He is one of the top ten scorers in Serie A history, although he never received a winners medal in competitive football.
Edward "Ted" Sagar played football for Everton and England.
Carlos Alberto Vela Garrido is a Mexican professional footballer who plays as a winger for Spanish club Real Sociedad and the Mexico national team.
Alexander Derek Dougan was a Northern Ireland international footballer, football manager, football chairman, pundit, and writer.
Alexander "Alex" Manninger is a retired Austrian footballer.
Throughout Raoul's career he stayed at Club Brugge, scoring a total of 270 goals in 458 matches in all competitions.
Aykut signed a contract with his former club Samsunspor in July 2002 for four years and one additional year as option.
Medley joined Tottenham Hotspur in 1939 and appeared as a guest player for West Ham United in World War II.
He represented the nation at three UEFA European Championships and the 2006 FIFA World Cup.
When the Invierno 2000 season came, Mendoza was sold to bitter rival Club América.
She plays as a midfielder and a striker.
In 2001, he moved to the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region to play for professional club Cannes.
Before joining the Colorado Rapids, Cancela played the preseason with Toronto FC but was traded to the Denver-based club the day before the regular season began.
Julio César Enciso Ferreira is a Paraguayan association footballer who made 70 appearances for the Paraguay national team between 1995 and 2004.
After starting out at River Plate, he spent most of his career in Spain with Mallorca and Deportivo.
He is now coach for local amateur side Dunbreen Rovers.
He is the son of Arnór Guðjohnsen, a former professional footballer.
In an interview for a polish portal he said: "I'm just turning 31, and already I've gone through 8 surgeries!
Carlos Alberto Gamarra Pavón is a Paraguayan former football player.
A promising forward who was not able to fully realize himself due to injuries.
Caesar Augustus Llewellyn Jenkyns was a Welsh international footballer who played in the Football League for Small Heath, Woolwich Arsenal, Newton Heath and Walsall.
O'Hanlon played for Swindon Town, Milton Keynes Dons, Hibernian, Carlisle United and Stockport County.
Vandenbergh also played for the French club Lille with his Belgian national team partner Filip Desmet under the management of another fellow Belgian Georges Heylens.
Kevin Patrick Harper is a Scottish footballer, who played for Hibernian, Derby County, Walsall, Portsmouth, Norwich City, Leicester City, Stoke City, Carlisle United and Dunfermline Athletic.
Rowell is remembered by Sunderland supporters for scoring a hat-trick for Sunderland in a 4-1 win away at local rivals Newcastle United on 24 February 1979.
Anthony "Tony" Sanneh is a retired American soccer player who last played for the Los Angeles Galaxy of Major League Soccer.
Thomas James "Tom" Soares is an English footballer who plays for AFC Wimbledon.
He spent time on loan at third-tier Spartak Subotica before making his Red Star debut in 2003.
Michael McGovern is a Northern Irish professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for English club Norwich City and the Northern Ireland national team.
He played for Chirk, before joining Northwich Victoria in 1892.
He plays for the Icelandic club KR Reykjavik.
He is perhaps best remembered at Liverpool for his long-range goal in the 2005 Champions League Final.
He made his first team debut on 7 October 1950, in a 3–1 home win against Grimsby Town.
Henri Patrick Mboma Dem is a former Cameroonian football striker and the former all-time top goal-scorer for the Cameroonian national team.
Mikko Juhani Kavén is a retired Finnish football goalkeeper who used to play for Tampere United in Finland's Veikkausliiga.
He played 33 internationals for Norway, and his 26 international goals puts him second on the national team's all-time scoring list.
He was the captain of Bayern Munich, having skippered them to numerous honours including the 2013 UEFA Champions League as part of the Treble.
He helped Stoke reach the 2011 FA Cup Final where Stoke finished runners-up to Manchester City.
Funes was capped four times by the Argentina National Team.
Boyd grew up in the Ayrshire village of Tarbolton and started his senior career with Kilmarnock.
He was a midfielder and last played for Sporting Toulon Var.
Having started his professional career with Barcelona, Nayim also represented Tottenham for five years.
He also earned two caps for England between 1989 and 1993.
Luka Modrić is a Croatian professional footballer who plays for Spanish club Real Madrid and captains the Croatia national team.
Duncan Edwards was an English footballer who played for Manchester United and the England national team.
Torres immideatly began playing and scored the winning goal in the first game of the season against Dorados de Sinaloa.
Whiteside began his career at Manchester United, signing professional forms in 1982 at the age of 17 and quickly becoming a key member of the side.
He began his career with Crystal Palace in 2002, where he was loaned out to Oxford United, Northampton Town, and Port Vale.
He later moved permanently to Ipswich and ended his career at Milton Keynes Dons.
At international level, Gerrard is the fourth-most capped player in the history of the England national team with 114 caps, scoring 21 goals.
He has been a part of the Chivas system since 1999.
In January 2014 his contract was cancelled by mutual consent, so he was free to become Richie Barker's 6th signing for Pompey.
Osvaldo Giroldo Júnior, known as Juninho Paulista or Juninho, is a Brazilian former footballer who played as an attacking midfielder.
Numerous minor injuries gave him problems throughout the years to come, including in the 1974 FIFA World Cup.
N'Zogbia spent over a decade at Premier League sides Newcastle United, Wigan Athletic and Aston Villa having begun his career at Le Havre.
Rory Alexander McArdle is a professional footballer who plays as a defender for League One club Scunthorpe United.
He has been awarded the IFFHS World's Best Playmaker award for four years: 2008, 2009, 2010, 2011.
He began his footballing career in his hometown, playing for the local first division team NK Osijek as a 16-year-old.
Both England and San Marino failed to qualify for the 1994 World Cup.
He started his career with then Championship side Cardiff City where he spent six years.
Renowned for his leadership and powerful shot, he is a specialist at set pieces.
He spent most of his career in Spain, representing Elche and Málaga and competing in La Liga with the latter club.
Alves has held a Spanish passport since 2005.
He scored a vital goal for Tottenham against Manchester City which earned the club a place in the UEFA Champions League.
In almost three years with Barnsley, Wall scored 24 league goals at a rate of almost one goal in every three games.
Oleh Venhlinskyi is a Ukrainian football player.
Abdallah Bah is a retired Guinean footballer.
He helped Spain win Euro 2008, playing every game and being selected in the Team of the Tournament.
He also had a short spell with Bristol Rovers before finishing his football career in 1994 after three seasons at Dulwich Hamlet.
His first senior games were in Argentina and Uruguay on the club's close season tour to South America.
He said of his career: "I spent a lot of money on booze, birds [women] and fast cars – the rest I just squandered".
Kubilay "Kubi" Türkyilmaz is a former Swiss footballer who played as a forward.
Moore played for Aston Villa in the Premier League, before going on loan spells to Football League clubs Chesterfield, Millwall and Leicester City.
A former scholar at the Clairefontaine football academy, he started his career at Metz before playing on loan at Newcastle United.
He played in his first international for Belgium in 1999 and has won 43 caps for his country.
He is popular for incorporating a repertoire of tricks into his style of play, including the rabona and trivela.
After a spell with St Johnstone, McFadden had a third stint with Motherwell as he also took on coaching duties.
In his playing career, he went from hometown team Gap to top-flight Monaco before arriving at Arsenal of the Premier League in 1997.
At age 21, prior to the 2009–10 season, he was named captain of Galatasaray.
Besian Idrizaj was an Austrian professional footballer who last played as a striker for Swansea City.
Mimis Domazos is considered by many to be one of the best footballers that Greece has ever produced.
Michael William "Mike" Whitlow is an English former professional footballer and Under 21's manager at Football League Two side Mansfield Town.
Elano Blumer, simply known as Elano, is a Brazilian retired footballer who played as an attacking midfielder, and the current assistant manager of Santos.
Owen is one of eight players to have scored 150 or more goals in the Premier League.
He was part of the Czech Republic squad at UEFA Euro 2004 and the 2006 FIFA World Cup, although he played at neither tournament.
When Jean-Marie Pfaff left Bayern Munich in 1988, Aumann finally became number 1.
Matteo Brighi is an Italian professional footballer who plays for Perugia as a midfielder.
After another appearance in a 4–1 league defeat to Liverpool, he was loaned to Mansfield Town, for whom he played 8 times.
He quickly made his debut for the Gunners, in a Second Division against Huddersfield Town on 21 November 1914, a game that Arsenal lost 3-0.
They once again meet the USA squad in the Quarter Finals.
He helped United win several trophies during the 1960s.
Anthony Stokes is an Irish professional footballer who last played as a striker for League One side Blackburn Rovers.
With Italy, Maldini took part in three UEFA European Championship and four FIFA World Cups.
He returned to play for Brighton in 2015 and retired from football in December 2016.
Gilles Donald Yapi Yapo is an Ivorian footballer who currently plays in midfield for Zürich in the Swiss Super League.
After hostilities ceased, Milne returned to Buckie, and to Buckie Thistle, where he made a name for himself as a tireless and enthusiastic wing half.
Oleksandr Volodymyrovych Shovkovskiy is a retired Ukrainian footballer who played as a goalkeeper.
Francesc "Cesc" Fàbregas Soler is a Spanish professional footballer who plays as a central midfielder for English club Chelsea and the Spain national team.
While an Arsenal player, he won 24 caps for the England under-21 team.
George Hogg was a Scottish footballer who spent most of his career with Heart of Midlothian.
Stevland Dennis Angus, is an English footballer.
Piper made just one start against Cheltenham Town in the League Cup.
Uniquely, he won his first four England caps while playing for four different clubs.
In a 16-year professional career he appeared in 196 Ligue 1 games, mostly for Auxerre.
Cihan Can is a Turkish football defender who currently plays for Giresunspor.
On club level he remained a key player for his sole team, switching to a sweeper role later on.
Carlos Mendes is an American soccer player who plays for New York Cosmos in the North American Soccer League.
Andrea Guatelli is an Italian professional footballer who plays for Swiss club FC Chiasso as a goalkeeper.
Cufre won seventeen caps for Argentina national football team and was included in their squad for the 2006 FIFA World Cup.
Smeltz spent much of his early career playing in Australia, before moving to England where he played for two and a half seasons.
Born in Glasgow, Wark represented Scotland in international football, winning 29 caps and scoring seven goals.
Scott Douglas McDonald is an Australian professional footballer who plays for Dundee United.
Jeffers is the joint top scorer for the England under-21 team with 13 goals in 16 appearances.
With Porto, Derlei won eight major titles including two leagues, one Champions League and one UEFA Cup.
In his club career he has played for Panathinaikos, Apollon Smyrni, Internazionale, Benfica and Fulham as a midfielder.
FFC Frankfurt and on the German national team.
He is a former Liverpool schoolboy captain who hails from the Scotland Road area of the city and is a full Irish international.
In his first season with Stoke, he scored 14 goals and won the club's Player of the Year award.
Jeff Parke is a former American soccer player.
He spent the majority of his playing career in the United States after moving there in 1992, most notably for Chicago Fire and D.C. United.
Hughes plays mainly at centre back, but can also be used at right back or left back, as well as anywhere in midfield.
Defoe also holds the Premier League record for the most goals scored as a substitute, with 22, as of 11 January 2014.
Eriksson's father Jan-Åke Eriksson and younger brother Patrik Eriksson-Ohlsson are also footballers.
He then joined Newcastle United for a fee of £5.8 million in July 2007.
He served as an Elite Commando in the Royal Marines.
Colautti played for the German team Borussia Mönchengladbach from 2007 to 2010, and then returned to Israel with Maccabi Tel Aviv.
Gerald Asamoah is a retired Ghanaian-born German former footballer who played as a forward.
Having lost his regular place in the side in 1967, Brennan retired from Manchester United in 1970 after playing 359 games and scoring six goals.
He then moved to Scottish club Dundee in 2010 and captained the side to a second-place finish in the First Division in 2011–12.
Bulend Biščević is a retired Bosnian footballer.
Valdés made his full international debut in 2010 and earned 20 international caps.
Kuqi started his career with FC Lahti of the Veikkausliiga in 2002, spending three years with the club and scoring twenty goals in all competitions.
In September 2001 he scored twice for HJK against Celtic in a UEFA Cup tie, which HJK eventually lost 3-2 on aggregate.
The match report read 'Tully took a corner with his right foot.
Lars Ricken is a German retired footballer who played as a midfielder.
Originally a striker, McDonald can also play as an attacking midfielder.
He has been capped for the Faroe Islands at senior level.
Christian Bassila is a former Congolese and France under-21 international footballer.
Torres started his career with Atlético Madrid, progressing through their youth system to the first-team squad.
In the 2008–09 season he set the world league clean sheet record by not conceding a single goal for 1,311 minutes.
Gary Dean Sawyer is an English professional footballer who plays as a defender for League Two club Plymouth Argyle.
Ross Tokely is a Scottish professional footballer, who is currently manager of Highland Football League side Brora Rangers.
After spells with second division teams TuS Koblenz and Greuther Fürth he returned to his homeland with Rapid Vienna.
Peter Joseph Rodrigues is a retired footballer, best remembered as the captain of Southampton's 1976 FA Cup winning team.
Verbroedering Dender E.H., after being released from R.S.C.
After playing for two local clubs, he joined Örgryte IS in 1995 before moving to Norwegian club Lillestrøm SK in 1997.
He died in Acton in 1990, aged 38, after suffering a heart attack.
Sebastian Steve Qvacoe Cann-Svärd, commonly known as Sebastian Svärd, is a Danish footballer of Swedish and Ghanaian ancestry.
Under Bill Shankly, Hunt won two league titles and an FA Cup.
He is currently the goalkeeping coach of the Estonia national football team.
Heikkinen can play either as a defensive midfielder or central defender.
Mansour Boutabout is an Algerian international football player who is currently playing for AS Excelsior in the Réunion Premier League.
He moved to play at former club Liverpool the following season, before returning to Cardiff permanently.
Daniel Baier is a German footballer who plays as a midfielder for FC Augsburg.
He was part of the squad that won the 2004 African Cup of Nations.
A'ala Hubail is a Bahraini footballer who plays as a striker for Bahrain and Al-Ahli.
Ivan Klasnić is a retired Croatian footballer who played as a striker, having last played for Mainz 05 in the Bundesliga in 2013.
Rossi was also awarded the 1982 Ballon d'Or as the European Footballer of the Year for his performances.
Born in Southside, Glasgow, Peddie began his football career with Scottish club Benburb, before moving to Third Lanark in June 1895.
FC Köln for three years between 1951 and 1954 together with Hans Schäfer, Josef Röhrig und Fritz Herkenrath in the Western league.
He finished the season with a Football League First Division title medal.
Henrik Daniel "Daja" Sjölund is a Finnish footballer who plays as a midfielder.
After falling out of favour under Ipswich manager Roy Keane, Garvan moved to Crystal Palace in 2010.
Thomas Strunz is a German retired footballer who played mostly as a defensive midfielder.
Mainly a right midfielder, he can also appear as an attacking right back.
Fitzroy Simpson is an English-born Jamaican former professional footballer who played as a midfielder and left back from 1988 to 2008.
In the 2000-01 season, Gerrard helped Liverpool secure a treble of the League Cup, the UEFA Cup and the FA Cup.
He made 33 appearances for the England national team.
He also won five caps for England, but without scoring.
Pavel Nedvěd is a Czech retired footballer who played as a midfielder.
Emanuel Pogatetz is an Austrian footballer who currently plays for LASK Linz.
Rojas returned to América for the Apertura 2004 season.
In July 2004, he moved to Rangers for £450,000.
He currently plays for Annecy in the Championnat de France amateur.
While at Anfield, he won the FA Youth Cup in 1996, and earned a professional contract, but was released in 1999 without playing a first-team game.
He received 22 caps with the Brazilian national team.
Muhamed Konjić is a Bosnian former footballer who played as a centre back, most notably for AS Monaco FC and Coventry City.
Ram Shanker Vijaya Mogan is a Singaporean footballer who plays for Balestier Khalsa Football Club.
He has been capped by Belgium at international level.
He joined Conference club Tamworth on loan in November 2005 where he played for them against Hartlepool United on their FA Cup run.
Chadwick began his career at Manchester United where he made 25 Premier League appearances in four seasons.
The combined Mané Garrincha is common among fans in Brazil.
Yula played for Blau-Weiß 90 Berlin in German Bundesliga in the season 1986–1987.
In a professional career of less than five years he helped United to win two Football League championships and reach the semi-finals of the European Cup.
He made his England debut against Hungary in a 1–1 draw in 1999.
During his career he played for Ajax, Juventus, Fulham and Manchester United.
Žigić joined Birmingham City of the Premier League in 2010, and in his first season, he scored in their League Cup win.
Borch studied medicine at the University of Tromsø, and graduated in June 2007 to become a medical doctor.
Ricardo Elvio Pavoni Cúneo is an Uruguayan former football defender who played the majority of his career for Club Atlético Independiente in the Argentine First Division.
He is also the 4th top scorer ever for the Belgium national team with 27 goals.
As an international professional his track record was mixed, often just staying a year in the team.
Liam William Peter Miller is an Irish footballer who plays for Wilmington Hammerheads in the United Soccer League.
As well as being a regular for Arsenal, Sammels played for the England U23 side nine times.
John Atyeo was an English footballer who played as a striker.
In 2007 Leadbitter received a call-up for England U21, and featured for them three times.
Markus "Mako" Heikkinen is a Finnish footballer, currently playing for AC Oulu.
Gökdeniz Karadeniz is a Turkish professional footballer who plays as a winger or as an attacking midfielder for Russian club Rubin Kazan.
He is the son of former player Jean Djorkaeff.
Jan Åge Fjørtoft is a former Norwegian footballer.
Stacy William Long is an English footballer who plays as a midfielder for Leatherhead.
While playing in Spain, he was voted 2007–08 Deportivo La Coruña Player of the Year.
After one season with Bournemouth, Distin was released when his contract expired in June 2016.
Jamil Walker is a retired American soccer forward and midfielder, who played professionally in Major League Soccer and the USL First Division.
Janvier Sedonoude Abouta is a Malian football player who plays for Malian Première Division club Djoliba AC.
Between 2006-2010 he was a member of the West Pomeranian Regional Assembly.
He has represented the Scotland under-21 team, the Scotland B team and been selected for the full Scotland squad.
Miodrag Belodedici is a Romanian retired footballer who played as a sweeper.
After losing his place the following season Collins returned to Sheffield United, one of his former loan clubs, for whom he made over 100 appearances.
McAlpine represented Scotland at under-21 international level and was named SFWA Footballer of the Year in 1985.
He then signed for Welsh club Rhyl in the summer of 2010, before moving to Garry Flitcroft's Chorley in March 2011.
He has been capped twice for the Denmark national football team.
In 2006, he moved to Switzerland for a short time to play for top-tier club FC Vaduz.
Valerón represented Spain in the 2002 World Cup and two European Championships, earning 46 caps.
He had loan spells at Darlington, Lincoln City, and Port Vale, before joining Darlington permanently in 2009.
He finished his career with Wycombe Wanderers followed by a brief but successful stint at San Jose Earthquakes.
Mehmet Akgün is a Turkish footballer who plays for Kastamonuspor.
Leslie "Tiger" Fitzpatrick is a Trinidadian soccer player who currently plays for Rochester Rhinos in the USL First Division.
His career took off when he signed with Manchester City in 1894 and turned professional in January 1895.
Trond Olsen is a Norwegian footballer playing for Bodø/Glimt in the Norwegian Premier League.
and is a former Ivory Coast national team international.
Ronaldo de Assis Moreira, commonly known as Ronaldinho or Ronaldinho Gaúcho, is a Brazilian professional footballer and ambassador for Spanish club FC Barcelona.
forward for Manchester City and England' and 'one of the great names of British soccer'.
He later ran the Stretford Road Hotel and helped to coach the short-lived Manchester Central.
Mario Alberto Santana is an Argentine footballer who plays as a winger for Italian club Pro Patria.
Thierry Daniel Henry is a retired French professional footballer who played as a forward, and the current second assistant manager of the Belgium national team.
He signed a contract with the Montreal Impact in the United Soccer Leagues for the 2007 season.
Wallace was born in Lewisham but started his football career at Southampton in 1987 playing 128 league games scoring 45 goals.
Thijs played five times with Belgium and was in the team for the 2002 World Cup.
Rowell's record stood until it in turn was beaten by Kevin Phillips in the early 21st century.
He played for Tottenham Hotspur and Chelsea.
In 2008, he joined Italian club Lazio, and won both the Coppa Italia and Supercoppa Italiana the following year.
He was an outstanding left half who played for Sheffield United from 1891 until 1910.
Brunt has over 50 caps for the Northern Ireland senior team since making his debut in 2004 and also represented his country at youth level.
Davies made 407 appearances for Bolton, scoring 84 goals, then played two seasons at Preston North End before retiring.
With 35 goals in 42 appearances between 1965 and 1974, he is Italy's all-time leading goalscorer.
During 18 years as a senior, he never played in the Primeira Liga, having spent twelve of those campaigns in Spain and France.
In January 2006, he entered the Premier League where he played for over six years, playing for Wigan Athletic and West Bromwich Albion, respectively.
But the injuries kept him in the sidelines for most of the 2009 season and he was released by HJK at the end of the season.
In September 2010, he signed for Portsmouth on loan, and signed permanently in the January transfer window.
For all but one of his seasons at Plymouth, Wotton has worn the no.15 shirt.
Roberto Júlio de Figueiredo is a Brazilian former footballer.
He is a defender, typically a centre back, but he can also play at right back or left back.
The left-footed defender began his career on the books of Red Star Belgrade and earned international honours with the Serbian and Montenegrin U-21 side.
Reynaldo Parks Pérez is a retired international Costa Rican football defender.
Sankofa attended Graveney School until the age of 16.
Tomislav "Tomo" Šokota is a Croatian retired footballer who played as a striker.
After leaving the club he spent six months in Indonesia with Mitra Kukar.
Following this he spent a brief period with Luton Town back in England, before heading to Cyprus to play for AEP Paphos.
He has played 58 international matches and scored 1 goal for the Latvia national team.
Mark Daniel Milligan is an Australian professional footballer who plays as a defensive midfielder for the Australia national team.
He last played professionally for Notts County.
Naoki Matsuda was a Japanese football player.
Samuel Wowoah, of Swedish and Liberian descent, is a footballer who last played as a left back for Örebro SK.
Bochini was a childhood idol of Diego Maradona.
Jürgen Macho is an Austrian football goalkeeper who last played for FC Admira Wacker Mödling.
Vlaar is a regular at centre back for the Netherlands national team and has played for and captained both Feyenoord and Aston Villa.
Stanley Waita is a Solomon Islands footballer who plays for Hana FC.
He is primarily a centre back but can also play at left back.
On 12/9/2008 Masudi agreed on a one-year-contract with Maccabi Herzliya from the second league.
Hamish Robert McAlpine is a Scottish footballer who played as a goalkeeper.
He left the club on a free transfer at the end of that season, signing for Romford.
He obtained 65 international caps, scoring four goals.
He is an experienced, technically gifted attacker, who can also play as a left or right winger.
In 2004, Peter Schmeichel said that he regarded him as the "finest goalkeeper in world football".
He also played in the USL Premier Development League for Boulder Rapids Reserve.
The inswinger sailed waist high and at speed, swerving into goal at the last moment.
He was considered one of the best German goalkeepers at that time.
For the Brazilian footballer, see Romero Mendonça Sobrinho.
Bojan Djordjic is a Swedish footballer who plays as a midfielder.
Later that year he returned to the Football League with Port Vale, before he joined Conference side Accrington Stanley for a twelve-month spell in May 2003.
Mark Smyth is an English football midfield player who plays for Welsh Premier League side Prestatyn Town.
After his freshman season, Warren transferred to Clemson, where he emerged as one of the best goalkeepers in the NCAA.
After retiring from football, Downie worked as a newsagent in Bradford.
Daniel Zítka is a retired Czech football goalkeeper.
Mario Deno Patrik Melchiot is a retired Dutch footballer who played as a defender.
She is not related to Swedish male football star Fredrik Ljungberg.
Bonetti played seven times for England, but mainly served the team as a back-up to Gordon Banks.
Benjamin "Ben" Collett is an English former footballer who played as a central midfielder for Manchester United, New Zealand Knights and AGOVV Apeldoorn.
In 2015, he participated in the reality TV series "Goalstar".
FC Saarbrücken, Eintracht Frankfurt, Leeds United and Hamburger SV during the 1990s.
Long's success at Stevenage continued the following season, helping the club earn back-to-back promotions, earning promotion to League One for the first time in their history.
He has also played for the France U21 team.
Since July 2016, Davis has been working as part of the support staff at Southampton.
He retired from football in November 1995.
Steven Lustü is a Danish former football player.
As a player, Boninsegna was a powerful, agile and acrobatic striker, who was known for his accurate finishing ability and intelligence in the penalty area.
Sidwell then spent three-and-a-half-years at Craven Cottage making 115 appearances scoring 17 goals.
Brian Leslie Labone was an English footballer who played for and captained Everton.
Previous clubs: Farwell to Manchester United: Transferred to Liverpool, 02/1954, £6,000 died: 04/1979
René Salomon Olembé-Olembé is a Cameroonian former footballer.
Kompany began his professional career at Anderlecht, spending three years at the Belgian club before moving to German Bundesliga club Hamburg in 2006.
Petter Villegas is an Ecuadorian-born Puerto Rican footballer who played for Puerto Rico Islanders in the North American Soccer League.
He spent a brief time on loan at Grimsby Town in 2008, before he entered non-league football with Barrow in 2009.
Thomas Johnstone Lawrence is a Scottish former professional footballer, who played as a goalkeeper for Liverpool and Tranmere Rovers in the 1950s through to the 1970s.
He remained a reserve keeper at Ipswich until 2008.
Pius Nelson Ikedia is a Nigerian football player who plays as a winger for OFC in the Dutch Hoofdklasse.
He finished his playing career for the All Whites with 48 A-international caps to his credit.
He saw no time his first season with the team, and only played in one league game each of the following two years.
Agüero moved to Premier League club Manchester City in July 2011 for an undisclosed fee thought to be in the region of £35 million.
His playing position was defender and midfielder.
Chad Randall Barrett is an American soccer player who currently plays as a forward for Real Salt Lake in Major League Soccer.
Silvestre Manuel Gonçalves Varela is a Portuguese professional footballer who plays for Turkish club Kayserispor as a winger.
Maldini also placed third in the Ballon d'Or on two occasions, in 1994 and 2003.
He began his career at Wimbledon, making over 100 appearances for the club before brief spells at West Ham United and Cardiff City.
Raymond Kopa was a French footballer, integral to the French national team of the 1950s.
Renowned for his on-the-ball skill, dribbling runs and playmaking ability, he was often referred to as the Asian Maradona and The Magician.
His second and final major tournament was Euro 2000, but due to suspension and his country's early exit, he only played one game.
He was found dead in his apartment on 15 November 2014 due to a cardiac arrest caused by a heart disease.
Kuszczak made 14 appearances for the Poland under-21 side and has been capped 11 times at senior level.
Kikuchi is naturally a central midfielder, but is also able to operate as a central defender and a left back.
In June 2006 he signed for Zulte-Waregem to make a come-back in the Jupiler League.
That is the position in which he showed his real qualities.
Antônio de Oliveira Filho, better known as Careca, is a Brazilian former footballer, who was deployed as a forward.
Dirceu José Guimarães, known as Dirceu, was a football player from Brazil.
Anderlecht and the Belgium national football team.
At international level, he received 21 caps with the Brazil national team, scoring 6 goals, and taking part in the nation's 2002 FIFA World Cup victory.
He is now the goalkeeping coach for Sheffield Wednesday.
Ikpeba helped win the 1994 African Nations Cup and the Olympic football gold medal in 1996.
Arguably one of the best Spanish footballers of the 1990s, Caminero was able to play in any midfield position, in the middle or in the wings.
Darijo Srna is a Croatian professional footballer who plays for Shakhtar Donetsk, which he captains.
In 2012, he achieved the first promotion of his career as part of the 2011–12 Championship winning squad.
Charles "Charlie" Murray Buchan was an English football player and writer.
Instead, he spent several loan spells away from the club, at Luton Town, Leicester City, Carlisle United, Norwich City, Leeds United, Doncaster Rovers and Leyton Orient.
His younger brother, Leo, was also a professional footballer.
Born and raised in east Moscow, Streltsov joined Torpedo at the age of 16 in 1953 and made his international debut two years later.
He also played for Troyes AC in French Ligue 1.
He is 183 centimeters tall and weighs 77 kg.
In 2009, he joined Betis, playing in Segunda División with the club.
Cila's younger siblings are Sam and Gabriella.
Till started his career with the Birmingham City youth system before making his first team debut in 2005.
Žungul began his career with Hajduk Split in his native Yugoslavia before controversially moving to the United States where he became a dominant indoor soccer striker.
In January 2008, after a conflict with coach Mircea Rednic, Măldărăşanu was released from his contract.
In March 2014, Chadwick joined Cambridge United, the club he supported as a child.
Dean played the majority of his career at Everton before injuries caught up with him and he moved on to new challenges at Notts County.
In 2012, at age 36, Simons was both the outfield player with the most minutes and the most kilometres in the Bundesliga.
He has played for England at under-21 and senior levels.
Fletcher made his Scotland debut in 2003 and scored his first international goal on his second appearance.
He was known as a fearless goalkeeper of great ability.
Internationally, Lescott represented England at various youth levels before making his first team debut in 2007 against Estonia in the UEFA Euro 2008 qualifiers.
Álvaro Arbeloa Coca is a retired Spanish professional footballer.
Fàbregas came through La Masia, Barcelona's youth academy, leaving at 16 when he was signed by English Premier League side Arsenal in September 2003.
Michael "Mike" Duxbury is a former footballer who won 10 caps for England.
Kazu, whose rise to fame in Japan coincided with the launch of the J.
He was released at the end of the 2012–13 season when his contract expired.
He made thirteen appearances for Poland, including appearances in the 2002 Football World Cup in South Korea.
He was capped 91 times, scoring 24 goals for the Norwegian national team.
His goalscoring exploits increased hopes among the supporters that Semih could be the future of the Fenerbahçe attacking line.
Valentīns Lobaņovs is a former football midfielder from Latvia.
He also won honours at Atlético Madrid, including the UEFA Europa League in 2012.
Manuel Galrinho Bento was a Portuguese professional footballer who played as a goalkeeper.
Rothen was a skilled winger who specialised in free kicks, crossing and passing.
He played as a left winger, and represented the French national football team.
He was traded to Real Salt Lake at the conclusion of the 2005 season.
He was selected as the Best Player of the 2001 Copa América, held in Colombia.
Wissem Ben Yahia is a Tunisian footballer who plays as a midfielder for Gaziantep Büyükşehir Belediyespor and the Tunisia national football team.
He moved to Hull City in August 2015.
He is a product of the Antlers youth system.
His father Kevin managed New Zealand over a four-year period in the 1980s.
In August 2016, McCormick became captain of the club after Nelson joined Oxford United.
After beginning his career at hometown club IFK Eskilstuna, Larsson was signed by Arsenal.
He was in his prime with Sheffield Wednesday, and gained much media attention, becoming the Golden Boy of British football.
However QPR suffered an instant relegation from the Premier League.
He rose to prominence with Rosenborg, winning three league titles and a cup, and scoring a goal to knock Milan out of the UEFA Champions League.
Narey opening the scoring for Scotland against Brazil with a 20 yard drive in the 1982 FIFA World Cup.
He was also capped 12 times at senior level by Northern Ireland.
Markus Martin Neumayr is a German-Swiss football player who plays as a midfielder for Swiss club FC Luzern in the Swiss Challenge League.
He has been capped eight times for England, scoring twice.
He began his career at Servette, before moving to England as a teenager with Arsenal.
He started his career in Wisłoka Dębica where he played until the spring season of 2001.
Wilson Oruma is a former football midfielder from Nigeria.
Mogammat Nasief Morris is a South African footballer who plays for Milano United F.C.
Roncatto is a former Brazilian youth international.
Andres Oper is an Estonian football coach and former professional player.
After a season at Wolverhampton Wanderers, he joined Milton Keynes Dons in summer 2007.
Lamine Diatta is a Senegalese footballer who plays as a defender.
Hailed as the next Robert Prosinečki, Kranjčar was given his international debut by his father Zlatko in August 2004.
He has won the Premier League Player of the Month award five times, a record only bettered by Steven Gerrard.
Boban played as a midfielder and was usually deployed as an attacking midfielder.
He was considered one of the best midfielders of his generation, also being viewed as one of the most talented Portuguese players of all time.
He later signed for Premier League club Arsenal in 2012, with whom he won the FA Cup in 2014.
Dutch writer Nico Scheepmaker once said: "Cruyff is the best, but Keizer is the better one".
Fehmi Alpay Özalan, known as Alpay, is a Turkish football manager and former footballer.
Espen Johnsen is a retired Norwegian football goalkeeper.
https://www.google.ie/search?q=Thor+J%C3%B8rgen+Spurkeland&espv=2&biw=1366&bih=662&tbm=isch&tbo=u&source=univ&sa=X&ved=0ahUKEwjLzp3Lg9HQAhUnKcAKHbsgBXYQsAQIJQ#imgrc=8U4RzTw_DMPRfM%3A He was transferred to Brann from Nordhordland B.K.
Matthew James Osman is an Australian former professional footballer.
He played for Leeds United, Reading, Crewe Alexandra, Heart of Midlothian, Leicester City, Aberdeen, Colchester United, St Johnstone, Hibernian and Falkirk.
He has previously played for English Premier League club Chelsea and Barcelona of Spain, and has had two spells at Bolton Wanderers fourteen years apart.
Tim Borowski is a German retired footballer who played as a midfielder, and the current sports director of SV Werder Bremen II.
He currently holds the club records as goalkeeper with most appearances in the league and in official competition, breaking Andoni Zubizarreta's records during the 2011–12 season.
Upon his retirement in 2016, Jewsbury was one of ten players to have appeared in more than 350 matches in Major League Soccer.
He most often played as a winger or striker.
His career ended playing for VfK Weddinghofen.
He won the 1998 Danish Under-19 Player of the Year award.
Michael Finlay Parkhurst is an American soccer defender who currently plays for Atlanta United in Major League Soccer.
Riki van Steeden is a football defender who represented New Zealand internationally, and Auckland City FC in the 2009 FIFA Club World Cup.
Villa hit his La Liga goalscoring peak while at Valencia, scoring 28 league goals in the 2008–09 season.
Gus Cassius Caesar is an English former professional footballer.
He spent most of his club career at FC Baník Ostrava, also playing in his home country for Sparta Prague.
Brendon Martin Batson, OBE is a British former footballer.
Staffan Tapper is a former footballer from Sweden.
McNaughton was a versatile player who could play anywhere on defence, including a more defensive minded midfield role.
Petri Pasanen is a Finnish former professional football defender.
He retired from Germany's national team on 11 August 2014 shortly after Germany's victory at the 2014 World Cup.
The last club he played for before his retirement was Kongsvinger, having returned to Norwegian football in July 2007.
He is the current sporting director of Bodø/Glimt.
Alessandro "Sandro" Grande is a former Canadian soccer player.
Clemence began his career with Tottenham Hotspur, where he spent six years as a professional, but never established himself as a regular first-team player.
He was released in November 2005 after playing just 4 games for the team.
After failing to break into the first team, Almond joined Southern League club Swindon Town later the same month.
Peter Kopteff is a Finnish former footballer who played in the position of left winger.
In 2004, he was named by Pelé in the FIFA 100, as one of the 125 greatest living football players.
He spent most of his 17-year professional career with Deportivo, appearing in 284 competitive games and winning four major titles, including the 2000 national championship.
Damien Jerome Francis is a retired Jamaican international footballer who played as a defensive midfielder.
On 20 May 2008, he was sentenced to six months' imprisonment for common assault and affray during an incident in Liverpool City Centre.
he left for Portsmouth where he achieved little.
He holds Albanian and Australian passports, making him eligible to represent Albania and Australia.
From 2013–2016, he was captain of the Canadian men's national team.
He started his career with Envigado, then had a short spell in Argentina, and played two years in France with Saint-Étienne.
Gábor Ferenc Király is a Hungarian professional footballer who plays for Szombathelyi Haladás as a goalkeeper.
Naohiro Ishikawa is a Japanese footballer who plays for F.C.
Derek Parkin is an English former football player who made a record number of appearances for Wolverhampton Wanderers.
It was a beautiful period under coach Kees Rijvers", Van de Kerkhof later would tell to Berend Scholten.
Jurica Vranješ is a Croatian retired footballer.
Petr Čech is a Czech professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Premier League club Arsenal.
Washington spent the next three and a half seasons in Dallas, his best being in 1997, when he scored 12 goals.
In his first full season in the Premier League, he finished as joint top scorer with 18 goals.
Diego Tristán Herrera is a Spanish retired professional footballer who played as a striker.
She played for Ecuador at the 2015 FIFA Women's World Cup.
Moreno has been an excellent striker, placing in Necaxa's top ten all-time goal scorers with 49 goals in 136 games player.
Muamba began his career in 2002, joining Arsenal's youth academy.
Clichy is a former French youth international and has represented his nation at every level for which he was eligible.
and AGF, before returning to Lyngby, whom he has captained since the spring of 2005.
Despite rumours of his departure, Buffon remained with Juventus, contributing to the club's Serie B title and promotion back to Serie A in 2007.
Primarily a left winger, Liddell's versatility enabled him to play comfortably on the opposite wing and as a striker, at centre and inside forward.
Oliver Schröder is a German footballer who plays for Fortuna Köln.
After retirement from professional football, Boniperti has been a president of Juventus and a deputy to the European Parliament.
Benjamin Francis "Ben" Chorley is an English semi-professional footballer who plays as a defender for National League club Bromley.
He was one of the best strikers in Norwegian football during the late eighties and early nineties.
Despite often being used in a defensive position he is mainly an attacking player.
Daisuke Nasu is a Japanese football player who currently plays for J.
His part included winning two Gulf Cups, reaching the semi-finals of the AFC Asian Cup and coming second in the Arab Cup and Asian Olympics.
Éric Sylvain Abidal is a French retired professional footballer who played as a left back or a central defender.
His last club was Bodø/Glimt, and has previously played for Rosenborg, Tromsø, Lyn and Venezia.
He only had two appearances for them, however, and transferred to Waterford United of the League of Ireland instead.
He began his career with local side St. Pauli, and moved to Werder Bremen in 2001 after helping his previous team to promotion to the Bundesliga.
The decisive match was played at La Bombonera, Boca Juniors home stadium.
McGovern then moved to Hamilton Academical in 2014.
He also spent time with Qatari-based side Al Sadd.
He made his debut in a 2–1 win against Italy in August 2012.
He also played for Halmstads BK two seasons before moving to IFK Göteborg in 2005.
He served as captain of the Republic of Ireland national team from March 2006 until his international retirement in August 2016.
He represented Denmark at the international Euro 2000, 2002 World Cup and Euro 2004 tournaments.
Majed Ahmed Abdullah is a former striker for Al Nassr FC and Saudi national team.
He also helped his club Al-Salmiyah win the league three times and Emir Cup once.
He was a stylish and effective attacker, but also notoriously erratic, sometimes behaving violently on the pitch.
At the 2002 FIFA World Cup, Kahn became the only goalkeeper in the tournament's history to win the Golden Ball.
He was voted player's Player of the Season by his teammates in the following two seasons.
He was a strong player with a decent header and good sense of positioning.
Żurawski appeared 72 times and scored 17 goals for Poland, representing them at two World Cups and Euro 2008.
Turan scored 19 goals at his 44 games with the Turkish national football team between 1969–1979.
At Cruzeiro Alex had the best performance in his career.
Born in Gothenburg, Johansson played for Västra Frölunda IF in the Superettan before moving IFK Göteborg in the Allsvenskan in 2005.
Oper was named Estonian Footballer of the Year three times, in 1999, 2002 and 2005, and won the Estonian Silverball award twice, in 2001 and 2005.
He played most of his professional career with Benfica, appearing in 131 official games and winning eight major titles, including two European Cups.
He made his debut for the full England squad in 2005.
DiGiamarino was waived by them early in 2004, and was picked up by his original team, Colorado.
In 2000, Trezeguet signed for Italian Serie A club Juventus for a transfer fee of £20 million.
Rio Gavin Ferdinand is an English former professional footballer and current television pundit for BT Sport who played as a centre-back.
At the 2006 UEFA Under-21 Football Championship, Aissati reached the tournament all star squad, mostly playing against 3 or 4-year older opponents, Aissati himself being 17.
Lorenzo Buffon is an Italian former football goalkeeper.
Slaviša Žungul, known in the United States as Steve Zungul is a retired Yugoslav American soccer striker.
Erik Kenneth Edman is a retired Swedish footballer who played as a defender.
In January 2015, he returned to Kidderminster Harriers, and moved on to Ilkeston and then Worcester City in the summer.
He made 308 league appearances for UCD, scoring 28 league goals, before deciding to call time on his career on 6 December 2007.
Stewart James Drummond is an English former footballer who last played for Morecambe.
Following an unsuccessful two-season spell with the club, he returned to Dinamo Zagreb for the 2008–09 season.
Daniel John Mills is an English former professional footballer best known for his time at Leeds United.
He played a total of 319 matches for Celtic, scoring 47 goals, throughout his career, which spanned 11 years.
A product of Manchester United's youth academy, Campbell progressed to their first-team in the 2006–07 season.
Dário appeared with the Mozambique national team in two Africa Cup of Nations tournaments.
He became a Norwegian citizen, and has played for the Norwegian national team until 2014, when he started to play for Kosovo.
In 2006, he moved from Mouscron to another Belgian club, Charleroi.
Vaagan Moen has 44 national junior caps.
De Wilde represented Belgium for 11 years, playing for the country in three World Cups and Euro 2000.
She won gold medals with the United States at the 2004 Athens Olympics, 2008 Beijing Olympics, and 2012 London Olympics.
He made the third-most substitute appearances in Premier League history, appearing from the bench 118 times.
He is a strong defender with good aerial play, who also adds presence in the attack.
Artur Boruc is a Polish professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Premier League club Bournemouth.
Nicolás Alejandro Frutos is a former Argentine football striker who last played for R.S.C.
In Sweden, he is nicknamed Svarte-Marcus due to scoring a lot of goals in the junior teams, in reference to Filip "Svarte-Filip" Johansson.
He made a handful of Premier League appearances, but was eventually loaned out to Millwall during the same season, and then Bolton Wanderers the following season.
He began his career with Newcastle United, making his debut in 1997 and playing 279 games for the club across all competitions.
In his first five seasons with the club, he played 208 games and scored 23 goals.
Garlick was not initially drafted by an MLS team; instead, he signed with the Greensboro Dynamo of the USISL.
He played as either a forward or a midfielder.
He then went on to Southampton where he spent three years, including a six-month loan spell with Hertha BSC.
His last club was Helsingborgs IF in Allsvenskan.
He was famous for running down the touchline with the ball to prevent opponents from getting it.
Ruslan Karimovich Nigmatullin is a retired association footballer of Volga Tatar ethnicity who played goalkeeper and is currently working as a DJ.
He is previously playing in Indonesia for Persisam Putra Samarinda on Indonesia Super League.
Ismael Íñiguez González is a Mexican footballer, who plays for Correcaminos on loan from Pumas UNAM.
Here he found good form and even became first choice goalkeeper for the Bosnian national team.
In 2007, Ribéry joined German club Bayern Munich for a then club-record fee of €25 million.
He scored the second fastest goal in FIFA World Cup qualification history, against England on 17 November 1993.
He amassed Serie A totals of 266 matches and 77 goals over the course of ten seasons, also representing in the competition Brescia and Sampdoria.
McGeady was included in the Irish squads at UEFA Euro 2012 and UEFA Euro 2016.
He made one appearance for Palace during the 2013–14 season, in the Football League Cup, before being released.
His father also played amateur football to a high standard during the 1930s, winning a number of trophies with local football teams.
He was the official community ambassador for the Portland Timbers and involved in social media connecting with fans, both Twitter and Facebook, for the Timbers.
David Désiré Marc Ginola is a French former international football player who has also worked as an actor, model and football pundit.
Daniel Benjamin "Danny" Califf is a retired American soccer player.
He was capped 49 times for the Turkey national football team, representing the team at the 2002 FIFA World Cup where it finished in third place.
Ignacio Javier "Nacho" Gómez Novo is a Spanish footballer who currently plays as a forward.
He joined Scottish Premier League club Rangers in August 2005 for £1m.
He was a powerful forward known for his temperament and sleazy comments on the field.
Cancela played for Peñarol, Cruz Azul, Deportivo Saprissa, and the New England Revolution.
In his second season with Barcelona, he won his first FIFA World Player of the Year Award, as Barcelona won La Liga.
Avi Ran was a goalkeeper at the Israeli football club Maccabi Haifa.
Edwin Raymond "Ray" Bowden was an English footballer who played as an inside forward.
He later represented several clubs both inside and outside Mexico, including UNAM and Puebla.
As of the 2016–17 season, he is the only Indigenous Australian in the A-League.
Geirmund "Geddi" Brendesæter is a football defender from Norway.
During his club career, he has represented teams in his homeland, Croatia, Russia, France, Spain and Germany.
After joining German club Bayern Munich, Tymoshchuk won the Bundesliga, DFB-Pokal and the DFB-Supercup titles.
Mimoun Azaouagh is a Moroccan-born German footballer, who is currently a free agent.
Tioté totalled 156 games for Newcastle over six-and-a-half seasons, scoring one goal.
Prior to joining Melbourne City, he played for Millwall, Everton, the New York Red Bulls, Shanghai Shenhua, and Hangzhou Greentown.
He is the son of former Icelandic international player Marteinn Geirsson.
Park is able to play anywhere across the midfield and is noted for his exceptional fitness level, discipline, work ethic and off-the-ball movement.
Pontus Kåmark is a Swedish former footballer.
He was a quick and energetic player with an extremely high work rate.
He spent nineteen seasons with Eintracht Frankfurt, appearing in 413 official games over the course of 13 Bundesliga seasons.
The unveiling ceremony was performed by Whelan's Manchester United team mate at the time of the aircrash, Sir Bobby Charlton.
Upon graduating, Cila went undrafted in the 2004 MLS SuperDraft.
Emilio Damián Martínez is a Paraguayan footballer.
However he himself got injured and was then replaced by Sammy Bossut.
Whitehead joined his local non-league club Abingdon Town before he signed for Football League side Oxford United in 1999.
Tully took a corner for Celtic and swung the ball directly into the net.
He scored 102 goals for The Rokerites in all competitions, surpassing the previous record post-war goalscorer, Len Shackleton, who had scored 101 goals.
He won the Finnish Cup with MyPa in 2004, and captained the club to the Finnish championship in 2005.
He had also appeared for the Swedish national team, and participated in the 1990 FIFA World Cup in Italy.
He plays as a winger, but has proven to be versatile, having also played as a left back and a central midfielder.
Cahill plays as an attacking midfielder, but has also played as a forward on several occasions.
He was included in the New Zealand squad for the 2009 FIFA Confederations Cup in South Africa, along with fellow non-professionals Aaron Scott and Andrew Barron.
He scored four goals in 15 under-21 appearances between 2007 and 2010.
He is a right-footed player and can play on either flank, especially as a left back.
At one point of his career he even played as defensive midfielder.
Kinský played for his country on five occasions.
Emilio Butragueño Santos is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a striker.
Playing as a striker, Lewis solely featured for Arsenal throughout his footballing career.
Bernt Nikolai Hulsker is a retired Norwegian footballer as well as author, comedian, radio host, and betting ambassador
Demirel married Miss Belgium 2009 Zeynep Sever on 21 September 2010.
Marek Mintál is a retired Slovak footballer and current assistant coach of 1.
Iversen began his career as an 18-year-old at Rosenborg where he won two consecutive Norwegian league championships.
He was also capped twice for the England under-21 team.
In that year, his team became runner-up of Colombia, and the following year he achieved a record 33 goals in a single season.
While with Tottenham, he travelled with England to the 2006 FIFA World Cup but was an unused substitute; he played his last England match in 2009.
More club success followed with another Premier League win in the 2006–07 season and a Premier League and UEFA Champions League double the following year.
Mendoza was sent back to America for the Apertura 2003 season and has not left since.
Kisnorbo played at centre-back but has also played as a defensive midfielder.
He made one appearance for the Scotland national team in 1999.
Kenneth Graham "Kenny" Sansom is a former England footballer.
Diego Alberto Cervantes Chávez is a retired Mexican football player.
After leaving football, he worked as a pub landlord for 10 years after retiring as a player and finished his working life as a ship's chandler.
Seaman retired seven years later following a recurring shoulder injury.
He also played in Slovenian club NK Nafta Lendava before moving to a short spell in Iran with Shensa Arak F.C..
He can also play as a right wingback or right winger.
In 2008, he signed his first extension contract keeping him at the club until May 2010.
He now coaches the U14 division of R.S.C.
With France, Thuram won the 1998 FIFA World Cup and UEFA Euro 2000, and was in the runner-up squad for the 2006 World Cup.
Vince Lia is an Australian football player who plays for Wellington Phoenix in the A-League.
John Halls is a Model and former English footballer.
Fojut began his career in England, where he played for Bolton Wanderers and also spent time on loan with Luton Town and Stockport County.
in the Malaysia Premier League and was captain of Young Lions.
She was living in an Ormskirk nursing home by the time of her death.
In 2001, he moved to rival London club Chelsea for £11 million.
Julie Maurine Foudy is an American retired soccer midfielder, two-time FIFA Women's World Cup champion and Olympic gold medalist.
Seyi George Olofinjana is a Nigerian former footballer who played as a midfielder.
This was a boarding house in the 1950s and Manchester United used it as lodgings for their single players.
Nikolaos Machlas is a Greek retired footballer and chairman of OFI Crete.
Nicknamed Il Due, he was known for his combative tackling and attacking play.
Mohamed Adama 'Momo' Sarr is a Senegalese footballer who last played for OFI Crete in the Greek Superleague as a Centre back.
His 2010 FIFA World Cup profile describes him "as a talented attacker with great physical ability and an eye for goal."
The first two years he was only reserve keeper of Bayern Munich.
Ardian Gashi is a Kosovar footballer who plays as a midfielder for Norwegian club Odd.
Subsequently, Martyn spent six seasons at Leeds United.
He was made captain by Roy Keane as Sunderland claimed an instant return to the top flight.
Kevin Anthony Lisbie is a footballer who last played as a striker for Brighton-based National League South side Whitehawk.
Dunford was captained his nation on numerous occasions and eventually retired his captaincy and national duties in 1993.
Glenn David Whelan is an Irish footballer who plays as a midfielder for Aston Villa and the Republic of Ireland national team.
Kristján Örn Sigurðsson is an Icelandic footballer who is a player-assistant manager for Þór.
He currently plays for Étoile du Sahel.
He spent the majority of his career at Arsenal where he was nicknamed "Rocky".
He played for several Italian clubs in Serie A throughout his career, coming to prominence with Juventus, where he won several domestic and international titles.
Capano was selected 17th overall in the 2002 MLS SuperDraft by the Fire, having elected to forgo college to focus on his professional career.
He formed a successful partnership with Dennis Uphill, scoring a club record 48 goals in 1959-60, which also saw the club promoted to the Third Division.
John Thomas Gordon Ruddy is an English professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Championship club Wolverhampton Wanderers.
John "Jackie" Blanchflower was a Northern Irish football player.
He began his career with Viking, where he won the Norwegian Cup in 2001.
Kennedy played as a forward for Arsenal, and then played as a left-sided midfielder for Liverpool.
Keane scored a total of 68 goals for the Republic of Ireland national team over an 18-year international career, making him the all-time record Irish scorer.
Antoniadis scored his first official goal for Panathinaikos on 27 October 1968 in a 1–0 victory over Apollon Athens.
In 2010, he moved to Southend United on loan, reuniting him with former Southend manager Paul Sturrock again having previously played under him at Swindon.
Ibrahimović is one of ten players to have made 100 or more appearances for the Swedish national team.
Ramiro Corrales is a retired American soccer player who spent most of his career with the San Jose Earthquakes in Major League Soccer.
Daniele "Danny" Invincibile is an Australian footballer who currently plays for Army United F.C.
He has played professionally in the United States, Scotland, and England.
Germano Luís de Figueiredo, known simply as Germano, was a Portuguese footballer who played as a central defender.
He became a fan favourite, winning the Hammer of the Year award the following season.
Mainly a left back, he can also play in the centre.
He played the majority of his career in Germany, but he also played in Albania as well as Italy and Poland briefly.
Considered one of the most talented Argentine players of his generation, Riquelme was best known for his creative passing.
Apart from his versatility, he is known for his dribbling ability and stamina.
Jerzy Podbrożny is a former Polish football striker, one of the top scorers in Polish football history.
Van der Vaart began his career at Ajax's youth academy and worked his way into the first team, debuting as a 17-year-old.
Vikash Dhorasoo is a French former footballer who played at both professional and international levels as a midfielder.
Colin Viljoen is a former England international footballer of South African background who played in midfield for English teams Ipswich Town, Manchester City and Chelsea.
Nuno Miguel Soares Pereira Ribeiro, OIH, known as Nuno Gomes, is a former Portuguese professional footballer who played as a striker.
In 2003, he was catalogued as the greatest goalkeeper of an era that included other notable keepers such as Ricardo Zamora and Gianpiero Combi.
Grella began his senior career in Australia before moving to Italy, where he spent over ten years, playing for Empoli, Ternana, Parma and Torino.
Known as the "Clown Prince of Soccer", he is generally regarded as one of English football's finest ever entertainers.
He started his career playing for Petrolul Ploieşti in 1996, moving to Rapid Bucureşti in 1998.
His early years were interrupted by his National Service, while he also spent time on loan to Brechin City.
Alec Francis Roy Chamberlain is an English former professional footballer who played as a goalkeeper.
When his contract expired in 2015 after five years with Palace, he joined League One club Colchester United in August 2015.
His performances for Grimsby earned him a permanent switch to Sheffield United.
Strunz gained 41 caps for Germany, during nine years.
Milan "Miki" Rapaić is a former Croatian football midfielder who last played for HNK Trogir after his contract with Standard Liège ended in July 2007.
Steve Scoffham is an English former professional footballer.
He usually plays as a central midfielder known for his technique, playmaking skills and good striking of the ball.
In an international career lasting over a decade with the Netherlands, he earned 55 caps.
Whilst playing, King was cited by opponents and pundits as one of the best defenders in the Premier League.
He occasionally filled in at full back for Arsenal and played several games in central midfield while on loan to Birmingham City.
Disambiguation: For the wrestler see Alejandro Muñoz Moreno.
The other four players are his teammates Berry van Aerle, Ronald Koeman, Gerald Vanenburg and Wim Kieft.
Denny Domingues Landzaat is a Dutch former footballer who mostly played as a defensive midfielder.
Nowadays he also takes part on a national TV channel in Turkey as a commentator.
Although Lahm is right-footed, he is able to play on both sides of the pitch, due to his tactical intelligence and versatility.
Colin Anderson Stein is a Scottish former footballer, who played for Hibernian, Rangers, Coventry City and Kilmarnock.
Luciano Martín Galletti is an Argentine retired footballer who played as a right winger.
Alam Shah is also well known for his volatile temper, which got him into trouble on a number of occasions.
Mattias Asper is a retired Swedish football goalkeeper.
He continued to impress, and was named as PFA Young Player of the Year in 1984.
He was one of the most respected players ever, because of his positive attitude on as well as off the field.
Johann Smith is an American soccer player who currently plays for FC Edmonton in the North American Soccer League as a forward, winger, and left back.
Vicenza retained his services, and he was top goalscorer in Serie B in 1977, leading his team to promotion to Serie A.
Silvio Marzolini is a former Argentine football player who gained recognition during his tenure on Boca Juniors.
Lassana Diarra, nicknamed Lass, is a French footballer who currently plays for UAE Pro League side Al Jazira.
He played for Dinamo Zagreb's junior team before returning to Zrinjski as their captain.
He was best known for his spell with Real Madrid.
Sibley is one of only two players to have appeared in eight Chatham Cup finals.
Gary Harkins is a Scottish professional footballer who is currently playing for Greenock Morton.
Hilsdon was nicknamed "Gatling Gun" because his shots "were simply unstoppable and which travel like shots from a gun."
Alan Willey was a soccer player originally from England who spent most of his playing career in the United States.
During his active career, he always played the position as centre back.
He was briefly on the books of Manchester City before signing for Arsenal in May 1914.
His son Christian Sivebæk is also a professional football player.
Ronaldo de Assis Moreira, Brazilian international footballer, most commonly known as Ronaldinho
In 2008, he joined Flota Świnoujście from Lech Poznań.
He was voted into the Euro 2004 all-star team after helping the Czechs reach the semi-finals.
Edwin van der Sar OON is a Dutch former professional footballer who played as a goalkeeper.
However, in 2012, he returned to football, joining Lyon for the second time.
Marcus Lorenzo Storey is an American soccer forward, who last played for the German club BSV Schwarz-Weiß Rehden.
Daniel Joseph "Danny" Griffin is a retired Northern Irish footballer.
Silvio Proto is a Belgian-Italian football goalkeeper who plays for KV Oostende.
After an impressive loan stint with Colchester, Ibehre permanently signed for the U's in January 2013.
Height - 184 cm, weight - 77 kg.
He continued at Manchester United for another five years, but he found his first-team opportunities increasingly limited as he began to play more reserve matches.
Leroy Halirou Bohari Lita is a professional footballer who plays as a striker for Sisaket in the Thai League T1.
The marriage broke up in 1981, and in 1983 he formed another relationship that lasted the rest of his life.
Ballack had become a prolific goalscorer from midfield, scoring 58 goals for Bayern between 2002 and 2006.
He was named Hungarian Player of the Year in 2002, 2004 and 2005.
Adebayor represented the Togo national team at the 2006 FIFA World Cup in Germany, the country's debut, and to date only, appearance at the World Cup.
Rooney made his senior international debut in February 2003 aged 17, becoming the youngest player to represent England and he is England's youngest ever goalscorer.
He is an attacking midfielder and can play as a striker.
He has also represented the Belgium national football team.
Prior to playing at senior level, he played at the under-20 and under-21 levels.
Mathias Abel is a German retired footballer who played as a defender.
He also competed professionally in Portugal and Greece.
Denis Calincov is a Moldovan football striker.
In 1969, he kept his goal clear for 783 minutes.
In addition to possessing Serbian citizenship, he also holds French citizenship.
Bendtner was released by Arsenal in 2014.
Jake David Robinson is an English footballer who plays for Billericay Town.
He wears the number 9 shirt, which was previously worn by the Turkish football legend Hakan Şükür.
He started his career in Dinaburg FC, and played for Lokomotiv Nizhniy Novgorod, before joining Latvian champion team Skonto FC.
Shavar Thomas is a Jamaican footballer who most recently played for Fort Lauderdale Strikers in the North American Soccer League.
Podbrożny went on to help the club to the MLS Cup and U.S. Open Cup double.
He won the league championship twice with Anderlecht and the Belgian Golden Shoe.
Christopher Mark "Chris" Riggott is an English former footballer who played as a defender.
At club level, Garrincha played the majority of his professional career for the Brazilian team Botafogo.
"Make the most of it today then - it might be the last chance you get!"
He made his senior début for Everton in 2001, and went on to make over 300 appearances for the club in all competitions.
Tully was born in Belfast, Northern Ireland.
While visiting the Indian pilgrim town of Puri in 1932, Shibdas contracted malaria and died at the age of 44 years.
Laurent Robert is a French former footballer.
Sean Philip O'Hanlon is an English footballer.
Evan Dylan Whitfield is a retired American soccer player who spent seven seasons in Major League Soccer.
He made 57 appearances for Sweden, but never scored for his country.
Thomas Myhre is a Norwegian former professional footballer who played as a goalkeeper.
He is a retired Dutch footballer who played mainly as a right back.
Cabañas played for Club 12 de Octubre, Guaraní, Audax Italiano, Chiapas, Club América, General Caballero, Tanabi Esporte Clube and Independiente PJC.
Alain Gaspoz is a Swiss-Beninese football player who, is playing for FC Bagnes.
Anderlecht until February 2006 and has appeared at Lierse SK previously.
He previously played for Ashanti Gold SC.
The Milton End stand at Fratton Park was renamed the 'Linvoy Primus Community Stand' because of his outstanding services to the club.
Claus Lundekvam is a former Norwegian footballer, who spent most of his career at English side Southampton.
The defender helped Atlético Nacional win the national league title in 1999, and also played for Atlético Bucaramanga, Real Cartagena, Atlético Junior, and Deportivo Pereira.
Morgans was taken ill at his home in Swansea on 17 November 2012 and admitted to hospital.
Mark Bosnich is an Australian former goalkeeper and sports pundit.
Christopher Casement is a Northern Irish professional footballer who plays for Linfield in the NIFL Premiership.
He joined Stoke on a permanent basis in December 2003 and became a regular in the side.
At international level Ívar represented Iceland at under-17, under-19 and under-21 level before making his senior debut in 1998.
He was capped four times for the Netherlands U21, scoring three goals and was active on the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing.
Sebastián Eguren Ledesma is a retired Uruguayan footballer who played mainly as a defensive midfielder.
Gabriel Cânu is a Romanian footballer who plays for Poli Timișoara.
Victor Nosa Ikpeba is a former Nigerian footballer who played as a forward for both club and country.
At Sheffield Wednesday he picked up another club player of the year accolade.
He moved into media presentation, initially on Television, before moving over to radio where he has for many years now been a presenter on Talksport.
Baggio is known as Il Divin Codino, for the hairstyle he wore for most of his career, for his talent, and for his Buddhist beliefs.
Király subsequently retired from international football after the tournament.
Turan holds 97 senior national caps and 17 goals for the Turkey national team, making him Turkey's fourth-most capped of all-time.
Jordão represented the Portugal national side for 16 years, appearing with them at Euro 1984.
He started his career at Premier League club Blackburn Rovers, making several appearances for the club between 2004 and 2006, having graduated through the club's academy.
A four-time member of the Serie A Team of the Year, Barzagli is regarded as one of the best and most consistent defenders of his generation.
Andréia came way off her line missing the ball allowing US striker Abby Wambach to score the game tying header with just seconds left.
He found it hard to gain a regular spot in Brann and was loaned out to Strømsgodset IF in July 2007.
Warren attended William Fremd High School where he was a Parade Magazine High School All American.
George Reginald Cohen MBE is an English former professional footballer.
Eduardo César Daude Gaspar, commonly known as Edu or Edu Gaspar, is a retired Brazilian footballer who played as a midfielder.
The following season, he won his first FA Cup medal with Manchester United, playing in both matches of the 1983 final against Brighton & Hove Albion.
Andrew Dorman is a Welsh international footballer who currently plays for FC Boston in the Premier Development League.
Throughout his career, he played for Italian clubs Roma, Hellas Verona, Juventus, Internazionale and Lazio.
Adam John Virgo is a former professional footballer, who now works as a pundit and commentator.
Raí Souza Vieira de Oliveira,, is a Brazilian retired footballer who played as an attacking midfielder.
Urlovic previously played for Auckland City in the ASB Premiership and Oceania Champions League.
In 2011, he joined Inter Milan of Italy before moving to Internacional in 2012.
David Narey, MBE is a former Scottish international footballer who spent 21 years with Dundee United.
He was instrumental in their promotion campaign of 1892–93 and then captained their team from 1895 to 1905.
He also played for Once Caldas in Colombia.
Gordon suffered serious injuries during his time with Sunderland and was released from his contract in 2012.
Following Munich, Brennan played a further six games but was a mainly featuring in the reserves.
Conor Patrick Casey is a retired American soccer player who last played as a forward for Columbus Crew SC in Major League Soccer.
He also played international football for England.
During his time with Internazionale, he helped the team win the Champions League in 2009–10 and the Serie A title in 2008–09 and 2009–10.
Julio César Pinheiro García is a Mexican footballer who currently plays for Kyoto Purple Sanga in the J1 League.
He left MLS after the year, signing with the Bundesliga club Bayer Leverkusen.
In 2012 as part of the Canadian Soccer Association's centennial celebration, he was named to the all-time Canada XI men's team.
Due to his skill, he was described as being 'so good that they named him twice'.
During his career, he was a practising Seventh-day Adventist and followed a vegan diet.
He was named 1995 Danish Under-21 Player of the Year.
He ranked 53rd in UEFA's 50 Greatest Footballers of the Last 50 Years jubilee list.
In July 2013, he signed for Queens Park Rangers.
Nuri Şahin is a Turkish professional footballer who plays for Bundesliga club Borussia Dortmund and the Turkey national football team.
He has played in five top-flight league across Europe.
Darren Antony Pratley is an English-born Jamaican footballer who captains Bolton Wanderers as a midfielder.
However, after more injury problems he only made four appearances in the next two seasons and was released in June 2011.
Dmytro "Dema" Kovalenko Коваленко) is a retired American footballer from Ukraine.
In his freshman year, Sutton was named the SMS Rookie of the Year, after scoring 3 goals and 4 assists.
As of March 2017, he has 29 goals from 74 senior international appearances making him Denmark's seventh highest goalscorer of all time.
Vicente represented Spain during the first half of the 2000s, and played at Euro 2004.
While playing for Norwich as a winger, he won the Player of the Year award twice and was the team's top scorer in three successive years.
He died in December 1965 aged 84.
After retiring, he worked as a football manager.
It was a second division team when he started playing professionally in 1993, but 2 years later the team got promoted to first division.
In 2004, he joined West Bromwich Albion for £1.25 million, and, in 2008, captained the team to the Championship title.
Daniël Robin Frederick de Ridder is a Dutch footballer.
During the title celebrations and speeches following the win over Wednesday, he finally won over the crowd at Stamford Bridge, who chanted "We want Rabbit."
He went back to Bosnia and played for Bosna Visoko.
He played for Stryn TIL and Sogndal, before he left Norway in 1994 and played for AGF, SV Werder Bremen, and Wolverhampton Wanderers F.C.
Michel Kuipers is a Dutch retired footballer who played as a goalkeeper.
Papy-Shumu Lukata is a Congolese football player.
Gaetjens won his home national championship in 1942 and 1944 with top-level Etoile Haïtienne.
Bernard Joseph Slaven is a former professional footballer.
He came out of retirement to join French 6th tier side l'AS Lattes in 2011.
Enrique "Quique" de Lucas Martínez is a Spanish retired footballer who played mainly as an attacking midfielder.
Dejan Stefanović, is a retired Serbian football player.
Matthew James Gill is an English former professional footballer who played as a midfielder.
Andranik Eskandarian is a former Iranian-American footballer.
András Tölcséres is a Hungarian football player.
Military service took him to Bar in 2001, where he was able to continue his goalscoring career with the local second-level club Mornar.
He was named vice-captain in his last season with the club.
With the Blues, he won two Premier League titles in a row and one League Cup, in his first two seasons.
He made 134 league appearances for Wigan before joining Premier League side West Bromwich Albion in 2005.
He was the goalkeeping coach of NK Čelik Zenica in the 2011/12 season under Vlatko Glavaš.
Pienaar has previously played for Ajax Cape Town, Ajax, Borussia Dortmund, Everton and Tottenham Hotspur.
He is also remembered by his famous "cross passing during 1-on-1" in the final of 2002 Carlsberg Cup against Honduras.
He spent most of his Gambrinus liga career at FC Baník Ostrava, where he played over 200 league matches.
In 1997, he returned to Chelsea, staying there for six seasons until moving to Southampton in 2003.
Mário Jardel de Almeida Ribeiro is a Brazilian retired footballer who played as a forward.
He spent four seasons with the Football League First Division side before joining Brentford on a free transfer in October 2002.
His last known club was Dagenham & Redbridge, whom he left in 2013.
Edin Pehlić is a Bosnian footballer, who most recently played for Igman Konjic.
He previously played for Scottish club Dundee United.
After Koen Casteels was an injury doubt for Belgium's 2014 FIFA World Cup squad, Proto was called up as cover.
Alexander was released by Hearts in 2016 and then spent a year as a backup at Aberdeen.
Chopra signed for Scottish Championship club Alloa Athletic in March 2015, playing for the side for a year before being released in March 2016.
Nowak continued to watch the games until shortly before his death.
He made his senior international debut against Israel in September 2007.
After his retirement from football, in 1961, Liddell occupied himself as a Justice of the Peace, bursar of Liverpool University, and voluntary worker.
He is currently an assistant coach for Ottawa Fury.
Sebastián Eduardo Pardo Campos, Pardo, is a former Chilean football midfielder.
He is also the most capped player as captain in the Champions League.
After leaving professional soccer, he worked as a real estate developer in St. Louis, Missouri.
Gérson de Oliveira Nunes, generally known as Gérson Portuguese pronunciation: [ˈʒɛʁsõ],, nickname Canhotinha de ouro is a Brazilian former association footballer who played as a midfielder.
Víctor Cordero Flores is a retired Costa Rican football player, who has played for Deportivo Saprissa of the Costa Rican first division.
Unfortunately, his career was severely disrupted by a serious knee injury that he sustained during a game against Leyton Orient during March 1979.
After that, he retired from the game and returned to the UK.
Later the same year, Brustad was named in the "Rest of Europe XI" that played England at Highbury.
Having played over 15 years with the senior national team, Sinclair has played in four FIFA Women's World Cups and three Olympic Football Tournaments.
Mareš also travelled to Germany as part of the national team for the 2006 FIFA World Cup.
He played the bulk of his career at European clubs Paris Saint-Germain, Barcelona and Milan as well as playing for the Brazilian national team.
Łukasz Garguła is a Polish footballer who plays for Miedź Legnica as a central midfielder.
for a year and went back to Santos Laguna, but was transferred to Club Atlas before he got to play for Santos.
Rachad Chitou is a Beninese footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Wikki Tourists.
Bryson made almost 200 appearances for "Killie", mostly as a midfielder.
He moved to England in 2007 to play for Swindon Town, though never made an appearance.
After leaving Hearts for a second time in 2013, he spent two years with Coventry City before joining St Mirren in 2015.
But Brazil failed to capitalize, they lost the final 1–0 against the United States in Extra Time.
Kežman was subsequently labeled as a flop after his spell at Chelsea, as there were extremely high expectations of him.
He notably played for Liverpool, Rangers and Aston Villa, and later went on to play for Stoke City, Wolverhampton Wanderers, Southampton, Swindon Town and Bristol Rovers.
He joined Stockport Sports in December 2012.
Injuries had gradually forced him out of the team and he finally announced his retirement from playing in the 1988–89 season when aged only 28.
He is best known for playing the majority of his career at Kashima Antlers, in addition to his spells with Italian side Sampdoria and Messina Peloro.
Erwin Vandenbergh is a retired Belgian footballer.
Lionel Andrés "Leo" Messi is an Argentine professional footballer who plays as a forward for Spanish club FC Barcelona and the Argentina national team.
Iaquinta played 40 matches for the Italy national football team between 2005 and 2010, scoring 6 goals.
He signed trainee forms in July 1976, and then went professional three months later.
He is also a technical observer for UEFA.
Both his father, Roy Andersson, as well as his younger brother, Daniel Andersson, have also played professional football.
Cahill performed well for Bolton through the years, cementing a place in the first team.
Samuel Hardy was an England-international footballer who played as a goalkeeper.
Brito, real name Hércules de Brito Ruas, is a former Brazilian footballer.
A defensive midfielder, he played for thirteen seasons with Bayern Munich, from 1972 to 1985.
The Rapids traded Trembly to Salt Lake in early 2005.
Podbrożny was capped six times for the Polish national team.
He played 114 Norwegian premiere league games before he signed for Vålerenga in 2005, where he helped the team winning the league title.
Uwe Bein is a German former footballer who played as a midfielder.
In 2009, he returned to non-league football by joining Conference North side Droylsden before later joining Harrogate Town and New Mills.
Ricardo Enrique Bochini is an Argentine former professional footballer, who played as an attacking midfielder.
After five seasons with Wolverhampton, Miller returned to Scotland, signing for the other side of the Old Firm – Celtic.
He moved to England in 1996, where he spent seven years with Liverpool, winning six trophies in his time there.
Cila's old coach at Bradenton, John Ellinger, acquired him for Real Salt Lake for the club's inaugural season and he scored three goals in limited action.
He represented the nation in six Copa América tournaments.
Juan Pablo Ángel Arango is a retired Colombian footballer who last played as a forward for Atlético Nacional in Categoría Primera A.
Best was married twice, to two former models, Angie Best and then Alex Best.
He soon settled in the side as a left half-back with a reputation for tough tackling.
Gianpaolo "John" Buonavoglia is an Australian footballer.
He also had a trial with English Premier League side Sunderland A.F.C.
A right-footed player, he usually plays as central midfielder.
Serkan Aykut is a retired Turkish footballer.
He made his debut in a 2-1 win against England and also played in a 3-3 draw with Ireland.
When he retired from playing, in 1980, Domazos was declared the longest-active footballer in the history of Greek football, having played for more than 21 years.
He later played for the Vancouver 86ers, the Hampton Roads Mariners, and the Montreal Impact.
During his time with Shels he made 100 League of Ireland appearances and scored one league goal.
He lost his place in the squad after UEFA Euro 2004, during which he failed to shine and was the subject of much criticism.
In December 2005, Isaac Romo joined Chiapas under a 6-month-long loan contract, but did not appear in a league match.
His impressive performances attracted the services of Everton who signed him in the summer of 2012 for £6 million.
By 15 October it had become apparent that the early announcement had caused a renege on that decision by the Otumfuor.
Dănuţ Perjă is a former Romanian football defender.
Ashcroft thus was Arsenal's first England international.
Afonso Alves Martins Júnior, known as simply Afonso Alves, is a former Brazilian footballer who played as a striker.
Joseph Christopher Ledley is a Welsh footballer who plays as a central midfielder for the Welsh national team.
Stalteri also played football in the Premier League for Tottenham Hotspur and Fulham.
He also played professionally, other than in his own country, in Argentina and Belgium.
He currently plays for Institute in the NIFL Championship.
Following this, Kartes returned to Greece to play for Kalamata FC of the Greek second division.
Ricketts has played professionally in many countries, including: England, Canada, the United States, Hungary, Moldova, Germany, Republic of Ireland, India, Ecuador, Thailand and Hong Kong.
Known for his tough tackling and defensive positioning, he played professionally for Hertha BSC and Bayer Leverkusen, during 17 years.
Javad Kazemian is an Iranian football winger who is currently a Free agent.
He went on to play in three more major international tournaments.
He spent 2007 with Waterford United, though returned to Shelbourne the following year.
Once again, Moreno would have a second stay with "Los Rayos" for the newly renamed 2003 Apertura where his presence was immediately noticed.
He left Portman Road in 1987, having made more than 300 appearances for the club, to join Sheffield Wednesday.
He was also well known as a footballing eccentric, and many stories about him are still told today.
He was capped 22 times for the Turkish national football team, including three times as the team-captain.
His younger brother, Kemal, also became a professional footballer.
During his club career, Litmanen represented Reipas, HJK, MyPa and Lahti in Finland, and Ajax, Barcelona, Liverpool, Hansa Rostock and Malmö FF abroad.
A full back, Lydersen played for I.K.
He played at the 2002 FIFA World Cup and captained the country at UEFA Euro 2012.
In 2014, Ronaldo became the fastest player in history to reach 200 La Liga goals, which he achieved in 178 matches.
Johanes Maliza is an American soccer midfielder who, in 2004 and 2005, played for the Puerto Rico Islanders of the USL First Division.
Despite playing primarily as a defensive midfielder Tshinyama also scored on several occasions for them.
He represented the country at two FIFA World Cups and four Africa Cup of Nations, winning the 2015 edition of the latter.
Raymond Kennedy is an English former footballer who won every domestic honour in the game with Arsenal and Liverpool in the 1970s and early 1980s.
In the meantime, he continued to play the odd game for Crewe.
Before joining Tigres, he played for River Plate, Reggina, Morelia and Pachuca.
He is the son of Börje Tapper.
An Attacking midfielder, Fujita played for Júbilo Iwata, Utrecht, Nagoya Grampus, Roasso Kumamoto and JEF United Chiba.
He ended his playing career with spells at Raith Rovers and Arbroath.
A product of the Marseille youth system, he made his debut in Marseille's victory over Toulouse on 20 December 2003.
Ezequiel "Equi" González is a former Argentine midfielder.
He is currently Fleetwood Town U16 Academy Coach.
Formed at FC Bibo in his hometown of Yamoussoukro, he made his professional debut in 2005 with Belgium's Anderlecht.
After playing for Auxerre for six seasons, scoring 90 goals in 166 appearances, he moved to Premier League club Liverpool in 2004.
After ending his playing career at the club, he now serves as sporting director for MSV Duisburg.
Coloccini has represented numerous football clubs, but it was his successful spell at Deportivo La Coruña, where he earned his reputation as a top-level defender.
Frédéric Piquionne is a French footballer who currently plays as a forward for Mumbai City FC in Indian Super League.
In retirement he owned a building company ICS Builders in the Croydon area, and managed Chipstead during the 2003–04 season.
In 2012 as part of the Canadian Soccer Association's centennial celebration, he was named to the all-time Canada XI men's team.
He currently plays for Yokohama FC in the J.
Eduardo Gonçalves de Andrade, generally known as Tostão, is a retired Brazilian footballer who played as a forward or attacking midfielder.
In his youth, Jakobsen changed his name from Jan Ivar to Jahn Ivar.
Anton 'Toni' Schumacher is a former German football goalkeeper.
He moved to Tottenham Hotspur on a free transfer in the 2012 January transfer window.
He joined AFC Fylde in December 2015 for a brief spell.
He also had a short loan spell at West Ham United.
He was captain of Chelsea and the England national team.
Claudio "El Emperador" Suárez Sánchez is a retired Mexican footballer who played as a defender.
Green represented England at under-16, under-18 and B level.
He began his career at Sparta Prague, then moved to Belgium, where he became the Belgian First Division top scorer with Lokeren.
One of his greatest moments was being part of Barcelona's squad, as he helped the team win the 2005–06 UEFA Champions League.
Huth then joined Leicester permanently, helping them to win the Premier League title in 2016.
Louis Karl Brain is an English-Australian footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder.
He retired on 11 December 2009, aged 26, after failing to recover from a long-term ankle injury sustained during international duty with England.
He also represented his country at clay pigeon shooting and was a keen player of lawn bowls.
Gilardino has also played for Chinese club Guangzhou Evergrande, with whom he won the 2014 Chinese Super League.
In 2011, he accompanied Ocean Colour Scene in a gig at the University of East Anglia, Norwich.
He kept on for West Germany then, declaring his final international retirement after staying unused in the 1986 FIFA World Cup runner-up campaign of Germany.
Karim Saïdi is a Tunisian football player who last played for Belgian club Lierse SK.
Cristian Alexandru Daminuță is a Romanian professional footballer who plays as a centre back and defensive midfielder.
Crouch began his career as a trainee with Tottenham Hotspur.
Kilcline captained Coventry City in the 1987 FA Cup Final at Wembley against Tottenham Hotspur.
In 2007, he transferred to Walsall via Port Vale.
At club level, Brustad played on Lyn from 1930 to 1948, winning the Norwegian cup in 1945 and 1946.
Lee James Barnard is an English footballer who plays as a striker for Chelmsford City.
Reinaldo Marcelino Navia Amador is a retired Chilean footballer.
Upon graduating, Torres was selected 19th overall by the Los Angeles Galaxy in the 2003 MLS SuperDraft and signed to a developmental contract.
He played in three FIFA World Cups for the Belgium national football team.
Anthony Sibley was a successful New Zealand soccer player who frequently represented his country in the 1970s and 1980s.
Gerrard won his 100th cap in 2012, becoming the sixth player to reach that milestone for England.
Roma also played with the Argentina national football team, including at the 1962 FIFA World Cup and 1966 FIFA World Cup.
His 2–0 goal away to Wolverhampton Wanderers on 13 November 2010 was voted the greatest Premier League goal ever in a poll by The Guardian.
He then played for lower league sides Brentford, Aldershot Town and Wycombe Wanderers.
He was also a renowned playmaker, as well as a prolific scorer.
Peruzzi is regarded by pundits as one of the greatest Italian goalkeepers of all time, and as one of the best goalkeepers of his generation.
His 198 Premier League goals make him the competition's second top scorer of all time, behind Alan Shearer.
Further jokes on this were developed after this incident.
During his second spell at Lyon he also played as a central midfelder.
Anthony "Tony" McMahon is an English footballer who plays as a right back for Bradford City.
Artur Petrosyan is a former Armenian football player who played as a midfielder.
Krzysztof Nowak was a Polish football player, best known for his stint with the VfL Wolfsburg team.
He retired from professional football following his release from Middlesbrough, and subsequently played Sunday League football for Willow Pond for the 2014–15 season.
In 2001, he was part of the Colombia squad that won the Copa América.
Damir Mirvić is a Bosnian football defender.
Pizarro is known for his vision, passing, dribbling skills and set piece ability.
He also was a sporting director for Verona.
Chilavert appeared for the Paraguay national football team 74 times from 1989 to 2003, scoring 8 goals and representing the team at five major tournaments.
He represented England at under-19 and under-20 level.
Trevor McGregor Steven is a football talent scout.
Leo Beenhakker had been sacked and Oscar Ruggeri became the new coach.
He started his career in the Icelandic league system, with UMFS Dalvík and Þróttur.
Wolfgang Overath is a former West German footballer.
Francisco Antonio "Pancho" Varallo was an Argentine football forward.
Mirallas started his professional career in France with Lille and Saint-Étienne before moving to Greece with Olympiacos in 2010.
Andoni Zubizarreta Urreta is a retired Spanish footballer who played as a goalkeeper.
He made his international debut for Spain in April 2003 in a 4–0 victory against Ecuador.
Réveillère played 20 times with France, representing the nation at the 2010 World Cup and Euro 2012.
Sundby won the league title with Lillestrøm in 1986, and went to play abroad in Heracles.
He last played for Team Wellington in the New Zealand Football Championship.
He won numerous national trophies with the club sides of Flamengo, Botafogo, São Paulo and Fluminense.
Rhodes was the goalkeeping coach at Ipswich Town from 2004 to May 2008.
He is a Lithuanian international and has played for Scottish Premier League club Hearts and FBK Kaunas.
He is considered as one of the all-time great players of Hamburger SV where he scored 65 goals in 174 Bundesliga games.
His career was split between playing as a striker and in midfield.
He has represented the Belgian football team at international level.
He has won the England Player of the Year award four times, in 2008, 2009, 2014 and 2015.
Altogether, he scored 56 goals in 184 games for the Reds.
He was born in Halden, and as a youngster he lived in Halden, Drammen, Halden again, and Hunndalen.
Daniel Vukovic is an Australian professional football who plays as a goalkeeper for KRC Genk in the Jupiler Pro League and the Australia national team.
Six years later, Torpedo renamed their home ground "Eduard Streltsov Stadium" in his honour.
Also having played for Barcelona, Baía appeared with the Portugal national team in two European Championships and the 2002 World Cup.
He remained there for five and a half years, when he left to join Wisła Kraków in the middle of the 2000–01 season.
Erik Hoftun is a Norwegian former football defender, currently assistant coach in Rosenborg BK.
In his next match, on 4 November 1950, Taylor scored a hat-trick in a 7–0 victory against Queens Park Rangers.
Joan Capdevila Méndez is a former Spanish professional footballer who played as a left back.
Archibald Colin Gray was a Scottish football player.
He has been capped four times for Norway.
Doni appeared for Italy at the 2002 World Cup.
Maciej Żurawski is a retired Polish footballer who played as a striker.
He moved to Australian A-League club Perth Glory in 2011 after his contract with Hibernian expired.
He left Ipswich for Newcastle United in 2002, making 105 appearances for Newcastle in five seasons, before leaving on a free transfer.
He retired from competitive football on 1 January 2013.
Ara managed to make an impact and earned significant playing time during his 2004 rookie season while winning a championship with D.C. United.
Internationally, Lampard was capped 106 times by England since his debut in October 1999, and scored 29 international goals.
Carlos Ángel Roa is an Argentine retired footballer who played as a goalkeeper.
Luboš Loučka is a Czech professional footballer, Defender, who currently plays for FK Jablonec 97.
Kirkland started his career at Coventry City, where he was regarded as one of the country's most promising young goalkeepers.
In 2015, he acted in Iranian cinema film I Am Not Salvador.
Vasilache made his début in Liga I with Gloria Bistrița, in 2002.
John Sivebæk is a Danish former football defender.
Gareth Barry is an English professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Everton, where he is the vice-captain.
He completed a move to Major League Soccer with the New York Red Bulls in January 2011.
The Victor Agustín Ugarte stadium in Potosí is named in his honour.
In 27 seasons in the Football League from 1892 to 1924, he scored 176 goals in 740 league and cup appearances.
Džidić has played for Croatian under-20 national team.
He also plays for the Netherlands national team.
For the next three seasons Primus was in and out of the first team and worked under three managers: Harry Redknapp, Velimir Zajec and Alain Perrin.
Cudicini left Chelsea in 2009, having made 141 league appearances for the club, and joined local rivals Tottenham Hotspur.
Christian Eduard Dailly is a Scottish former professional footballer.
He is the only player to have scored in four major tournaments for England.
He then played for Sunderland and had a short spell in the United States playing indoor football with the Dallas Sidekicks.
Jan Alexander Östlund is a retired Swedish football player.
His first club was Extensiv Craiova, where he made his debut in the Romanian Divizia B in the 2002/2003 season.
He later played non-league football for Bideford.
Christian Alder is a retired German football defender.
He represented the country at two UEFA European Championships and as many World Cups.
He also had a spell in Australia, playing for the A-League club Newcastle Jets.
Ernest 'Nudger' Needham was an English footballer and cricketer.
Bo Janne Andreas Jakobsson is a Swedish professional football player in the defender position and the defensive midfielder.
Lawrence started his career at his local club Mansfield Town, after impressing at the Field Mill he signed for Sunderland in June 2005.
Middlesbrough signed Thomson for a fee of £2m in July 2010, but released him in January 2013 after an injury hit spell at the club.
He began and finished his club career at České Budějovice, also winning Czech First League titles at the two largest clubs in Prague, Slavia and Sparta.
Peter Patrick Lorimer is a Scottish former footballer, best known for his time with Leeds United and Scotland during the late 1960s and early 1970s.
José Humberto Ugarte Miranda is a Costa Rican football player.
He played as a striker and possessed great aerial ability and finishing skills.
While at Manchester United he had scored 89 goals in 287 league games.
He was also known for his ability to cross the ball, as well as his considerable technical ability and energetic attacking runs down the left flank.
Killen rejoined his former Celtic manager Gordon Strachan at Middlesbrough in January 2010.
Laurent Delorge is a Belgian former footballer.
A highly aggressive player, he eventually became the highest earner in Indian club football as well as a regular in the India team.
Between 1983 and 1997 he made 60 appearances for the Israel national football team, scoring 11 goals.
Despite this he fought back to reclaim his form and his performances attracted the attention of Harry Redknapp, with Mézague joining Portsmouth F.C.
He scored 63 goals in 56 games for the youth team and was subsequently called up to the first team.
Edmund "Adam" Adamkiewicz was a German footballer.
Famed for his extremely powerful and accurate left foot, he is known for his explosive shot, technique and probing attacks from the left side.
Antonio Juan Barragán Fernández is a Spanish footballer who plays for Real Betis on loan from Middlesbrough as a right back.
Chalmers' son Paul would also later play for Celtic.
Parsons joined Chelsea in November 1950 for a then club record fee of £23,000.
He later joined Dinamo Zagreb's youth team.
Taylor began his career playing for a local coal mining team at the colliery where he worked.
Having made one appearance for the club, he left Tamworth to return to the United States with the Fort Lauderdale Strikers.
In December 2014, Swedish newspaper Dagens Nyheter named him the second-greatest Swedish sportsperson of all time, after tennis player Björn Borg.
Leonard attended high school in Columbus, Georgia, earning letters at both Shaw High School and Brookstone School.
Alan Frederick Graham Skirton is an English former footballer.
He formerly served AA Gent, Coventry City, Lierse SK, RSC Anderlecht, ADO Den Haag, Ajax and Roda JC Kerkrade.
He was Panathinaikos FC team captain for over 15 years.
Bruno N'Gotty is a French former professional footballer.
Born in Dalkeith, Midlothian, Blyth played as a schoolboy for local junior side Wemyss Athletic.
He debuted on the first-team in the Norwegian Cup's first round against Norheimsund on May 26, 2004.
Theodorus Antonius Gerardus "Theo" Snelders is a Dutch former footballer who played as a goalkeeper.
He made senior full England debut in 2009, and has since gone on to make three further appearances.
Alhassane Keita Otchico, known as Keita, is a Guinean footballer who plays as a striker.
Armando Ribeiro de Aguiar Malda, known simply as Armando, is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a goalkeeper.
He made his international debut in May 2006 against Mexico.
Szymkowiak is working now as a pitch reporter for Canal+ Poland.
Marcus Nathan Bent is an English former football striker.
He played for Persepolis, Sepahan and Ararat Tehran and was a member of Iran national football team.
Tuncay then went on to play for Bursaspor and Qatar side Umm Salal.
He signed with Port Vale in October 2014, and then moved to Greek side AEL three months later.
Jhon Eduis Viáfara Mina is a Colombian midfielder who is currently unattached.
Živković went on to play 6 seasons for the German club, playing over 150 times, including the 2002 UEFA Champions League Final.
In 2007, Klasnić underwent a kidney transplant, and became the first player to participate in a major tournament after a transplant.
Born in London, he earned 10 international caps for Jamaica.
Petrus Johannes "Piet" Keizer was a Dutch professional footballer who played as a left winger.
In his first full season at Chelsea, Torres won the FA Cup and the UEFA Champions League, despite receiving criticism for a comparatively low goal-scoring record.
A box-to-box midfielder, Cahill has become recognised for "his aggressive and powerful approach and his ability to head the ball in the penalty area."
Sylvain N'Diayé is a French-born Senegalese footballer, currently a defensive midfielder for AS Cannes.
He was part of the squad that won the CONCACAF Gold Cup in 2000.
He played 52 times for the Norwegian national team, scoring four goals, and played for his country at the 1998 World Cup and Euro 2000.
He signed his first professional contract for Bayern Munich on 1 July 2005.
Roberto Rivellino is a former Brazilian professional footballer.
Parker was a member of the England team which reached the quarter-finals at UEFA Euro 2012.
His brother John played for Shamrock Rovers and Drumcondra F.C..
With an Indian father, he was also the first player of Indian parentage to play and score in the Premier League.
Vijayan's talents attracted interest from clubs in Malaysia and Thailand, although he spent his entire career in India until retirement.
Moussa Latoundji is a Beninese former footballer and current manager of Gabonese side Cercle Mbéri Sportif.
His performances that season caught the eye of Premier League side Everton who paid £1.5 million for him during the summer of 1997.
James McCluskey is a Scottish footballer, who plays for Stranraer.
Angelo Peruzzi, Ufficiale OMRI is an Italian football coach and former goalkeeper, and a three-time winner of the Serie A Goalkeeper of the Year award.
Dan Corneliusson is a former Swedish footballer.
A move for the same fee to West Ham United followed, but Dyer suffered from various injuries, restricting him to 30 league appearances in four seasons.
Earnest "Earnie" Stewart is a retired American soccer player who was a regular midfielder for the U.S. national team from 1990s until his retirement in 2005.
Michael Barrington Ricketts is an English former football player.
During this period, he also made regular appearances on TV-am.
Maierhofer failed to make the grade with German giants Bayern Munich, making just two first team appearances.
Jabo Oshevire Michael Ibehre is an English professional footballer who plays as a forward for League Two club Cambridge United.
He operated as either a central defender or a right back.
Dorus de Vries is a Dutch footballer who plays for Celtic as a goalkeeper.
His clubs included Berchem Sport, Anderlecht, Internazionale and Ascoli Calcio.
Francis Vincent Benali is an English professional footballer and coach who spent most of his playing career at Southampton.
Pascal Renier was a Belgian football defender.
He only spent one season at Southampton, making 30 appearances, before he joined Premier League club Blackburn Rovers in a club-record £7.5 million deal.
He never broke into the first team picture at Fratton Park, and instead enjoyed numerous loan moves at Burnley, Coventry City, and former club Swansea.
Ibrahim "Ibou" Ba is a retired French international footballer whose career as a right winger lasted from 1991 to 2008.
Cabañas had also been top-scorer in Chile and Mexico.
In 2012, he signed with Cruz Azul.
He was less troubled by injury in the Netherlands, but he missed 2 months of the season with Achilles tendon problems.
Helmut Bergfelder is a former German footballer.
Nonetheless, he was a permanent fixture in the Indonesian national football team for a long time.
Moeneeb Josephs, is a South African football goalkeeper who plays for Bidvest Wits in the Premier Soccer League.
Adrian Coroon Elrick was an association football player who represented New Zealand.
He is the country's all-time leading goalscorer with 62 goals.
Langley signed for Marcus Gayle's side having started the season at Hemel Hempstead Town.
Pavel Srníček was a Czech professional footballer who played as a goalkeeper from 1990 to 2007, mainly for Newcastle United.
In January 2008 he rejoined Örebro SK.
Goran Bunjevčević is a former Serbian footballer who played as a defender in Serbia, England and the Netherlands.
He was also a Croatia international and was capped eight times during the team's Euro 2004 campaign.
The plaque was unveiled by Dickie Bird, who was at school with Taylor in Barnsley.
He made his debut for Israel on 13 February 2002 in a friendly match against Germany.
FC Köln since 1950, from 1963 to 1968 the team played in the Bundesliga.
Richard James Michael Stearman is an English professional footballer who plays as a defender for Championship club Sheffield United.
Their record was bettered by Alexander Frei in 2008.
However, he had excellent ball control, guile and instinct, being able to go past opposing defenders with ease.
He is also the highest goalscorer in Italian first league history, with 290 goals, and also in Serie A history.
Gilberto's brothers Nildeson and Nélio are also footballers.
In January 2016, he was sent on loan to Spanish club Levante.
He also kept over 270 clean sheets in his career, winning a gold medal at the 1956 Olympic football tournament, and the 1960 European Championships.
He also won 14 caps for Scotland between 2001 and 2009.
Dreher was in goal for Bayern for one game in 2005–06, keeping a clean sheet against VfL Wolfsburg.
He began his career at Tennis Borussia Berlin but found little success there.
Clemens Fritz is a German retired footballer who played as a right-back and as a defensive midfielder.
He was also named as part of the 2006 FIFPro World XI and the 2012 UEFA Team of the Year.
Jan Mauersberger is a German footballer who plays as a defender for 1860 Munich.
Lars Iver Strand is a Norwegian footballer who last played for Sandefjord as an attacking midfielder.
Ludovic Coeck was a Flemish-Belgian footballer who played as left winger or central midfielder.
Except for some of the matches played during his stay at Viborg FF, where he also occasionally played as a striker.
In 2004, Fenerbahçe chairman bought Deniz to his team paying one of the Gençlerbirliği's record transfer fees.
In 2003, Schmeichel was inducted into the English Football Hall of Fame in recognition of his impact on the English game.
Alexander "Sandy" Turnbull was a Scottish football player who played as a forward for both Manchester City and Manchester United in the early 20th century.
He finally left United in 1961, having made 23 first-team appearances without scoring a goal, and signed for Swansea Town in a £3,000 deal.
Gallacher was one of the Wembley Wizards who beat England 5–1 at Wembley Stadium in 1928.
Sávio Bortolini Pimentel, known simply as Sávio, is a Brazilian retired footballer who played as a left winger.
He also broke with Glasgow tradition by becoming friendly with several members of their major Glasgow rivals, Celtic.
A true one-club man, Overath spent his entire professional career at 1.
A much-travelled midfielder, despite 18 years of professional football he never spent more than two seasons at any one club.
In his first season at Stoke Jones scored 12 goals and played in the 2011 FA Cup Final.
He also holds the UEFA Champions League record for the most consecutive clean sheets, having not conceded a goal in 10 matches whilst at Arsenal.
Guillermo Luis Franco Farquarson is an Argentine-born Mexican former football striker.
In May 1998 Campbell became what was then England's second-youngest captain, after Bobby Moore, aged 23 years 248 days.
He won the Midland Football Alliance Player of the Season award for 2006–07.
Helgi Sigurðsson is a retired international footballer and manager of Fylkir.
In 2004, he became the fourth Iranian player to win the Asian Footballer of the Year.
He signed with Liverpool before his 18th birthday, going on to be loaned to several teams in England and Spain for the duration of his contract.
Valentino Mazzola was an Italian footballer who played as an attacking midfielder or forward.
Vinicio Edwards Espinal Marte is a Dominican football player who currently plays for Pontisola.
During his professional career, he played as a goalkeeper for Antalyaspor, Fenerbahçe, Barcelona and Beşiktaş.
Roger William Byrne was an English footballer and captain of Manchester United.
He was sold on to Premier League side Bolton Wanderers in July 2011, where he stayed for another three seasons.
He also played 26 times for the England national football team.
He played for Hamburger SV and also made 72 appearances for the West German national team.
He finished his career at Belgian club K.A.A.
He also played for R. Cappellen F.C.
He is the father of striker Eiður Guðjohnsen.
Both his grandfather and father, Dimitris Seitaridis, were footballers and eventually managers.
Toni Kuivasto is a retired Finnish footballer who last played for Veikkausliigaside FC Haka.
Including loans, he has played for 16 clubs in his career, with his longest spells at Crewe Alexandra, Birmingham City and Coventry City.
His former clubs include Germinal Ekeren and R.S.C.
Franco Brienza is an Italian footballer who plays for Bari in Serie B and also briefly represented Italy at international level.
He became the club's Technical Director in 2013 as part of the club's acceptance into National Premier Leagues WA.
Gary Andrew Charles is an English former footballer who played at right-back.
In December 1999, he decided to join Altay S.K.
Mendoza also won the championship in the Primera A with San Luis, Club America's brother team.
He has previously played for Mulhouse, AS Cannes, Toulouse, Celtic, Valenciennes and Arles-Avignon.
He twice won a gold medal at the Summer Olympics, in 2004 and 2008, becoming the first male footballer to achieve this double feat since 1968.
Cercle Brugge made a loan deal with Bari and thereafter completed a full transfer before Sergeant retired in 2012.
During his time at United, he also went on loan to a number of lower league teams to gain first-team experience.
Although he gained a reputation as a womaniser when he moved to Glasgow, he married in 1965 and had two sons.
Peter Karl Jehle is a Liechtensteiner footballer who plays for Liechtenstein club FC Vaduz as a goalkeeper.
However he could never play for the Israeli national team, since he had already played for Croatia.
Kevin Vandenbergh is a Belgian football striker who currently plays for Aarschot in the Belgian Provincial Leagues.
Russell Anderson is a Scottish former footballer who played as a centre back.
Graham Weir is a Scottish football player.
Jan Laštůvka is a Czech professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Slavia Prague.
Blas Armando Giunta Rodríguez is an Argentine former footballer who played as a midfielder.
He made his first-team debut aged 18 in 2002.
Born in Forest Gate, England, to Caribbean-born parents, Primus began his professional career at Charlton Athletic, where he made four league appearances.
Rey Ángel "Boom-Boom" Martínez is a Cuban soccer player who plays for the Rochester Lancers.
His nickname is "Bonecrusher", coming from his great physical presence and playing style.
He was renowned for his excellent first touch and wide range of passing.
Skoubo's strength on the playing field is most notably his physical strength, height and heading power, which makes him a typical targetman in the attack.
Borislav Biserov Mihaylov is a former Bulgarian football goalkeeper and current President of the Bulgarian Football Union.
In an upcoming Bollywood movie based on the 1911 IFA Shield final match, Shibdas will be portrayed by actor John Abraham.
Clive Paul Mendonca is an English former professional footballer, who played as a striker between 1986 and 2002 notably for Grimsby Town and Charlton Athletic.
He was also a highly successful high school wrestler, qualifying for the state tournament.
Friedel's last appearance for Villa was on May 22, 2011, in a 1–0 home win against Liverpool, aged 40 years and four days.
He scored two goals and assisted for two more.
Martinez was part of Paraguay's silver medal-winning team at the 2004 Olympics.
Juan Pablo García Contreras is a former Mexican footballer.
His DC team won the MLS Cup in 2004.
As of 2015, Paolo Maldini is the co-owner of North American Soccer League club Miami FC.
In 1981, he went to Lyn, and was brought to Lillestrøm two seasons later as a replacement for Tom Lund, who they lost to retirement.
The Angolan striker Flávio Amado replaces Barakat sometimes, playing a great role in forming this dangerous triangle.
Arthur Gómez is a Gambian former football striker.
Pardo spent most of his career playing with Club América and is the second most capped player in Mexico national team history.
Stokes began his senior career with Arsenal, but established himself with a successful loan spell with Falkirk in 2006, scoring 14 goals in 16 SPL games.
De Guzmán is also known as a free-kick specialist.
In September 2015, he joined Everton for £4.5 million, after his successful spell with the club on loan.
A former Italy international, Tacchinardi represented his nation on 13 occasions between 1995 and 2003.
Alireza Vahedi Nikbakht is an Iranian professional football player who last played for Khoneh Be Khoneh in League 2.
Darren Anthony Carter is an English semi-professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for National League club Solihull Moors.
Stipe Pletikosa is a Croatian former professional footballer who played as a goalkeeper.
He currently works as an analyst for ESPN Brasil.
He has represented Australia at both U-17 and U-20 levels.
Iván Luis Zamorano Zamora is a retired Chilean football striker.
He was known as a player of great technique, great vision, and lethal in the penalty area.
He is currently employed by Watford as the club's goalkeeping coach.
Rubén Torrecilla González is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a midfielder.
His transfer to Notts County was assisted by a £5,000 donation from the Notts County Supporters Trust
Lishman is as well Arsenal's seventh highest goalscorer of all time.
In 2015, he signed for FC Augsburg on a one-year deal.
Per Tomas Brolin is a Swedish former professional football player who played as a forward or as a midfielder.
Nikola Milojević is a Serbian professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper.
Pascal Olmeta is a French football goalkeeper who played for Olympique de Marseille and Olympique Lyonnais in the 1990s.
His 2010 FIFA World Cup profile describes him as a possessing the "ability to mop up loose balls and halt opposition counter-attacks."
Dariusz Adamczuk is a former Polish professional footballer.
He is the older brother of Danish national team player Daniel Jensen.
Lisi Court in Franklin Township, NJ is named after him.
Márcio Amoroso dos Santos is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a forward or on occasion as an attacking midfielder.
Adrianus Johannes Bak was a Dutch professional football player.
Fodil Hadjadj is an Algerian football player.
Sometimes he was also posted in defense.
Paulo César da Silva Barrios is a Paraguayan footballer who plays for Toluca FC in Mexico, as a centre back.
Hasse Kristian Borg is a former Swedish football defender who represented his country at the 1978 FIFA World Cup.
Piotr Celeban is a Polish footballer who play for Śląsk Wrocław Although primarily a central defender, when needed he operates as a right back.
After a four-year spell with the "Foxes" he moved to Scotland to play for Celtic.
After four seasons in Spain, he returned to Milan for a season in 2013, scoring his 100th goal for the club.
He announced his retirement from the game at the age of 35 on March 20, 2013.
Erik Mykland is a Norwegian retired footballer who played as a midfielder.
Born in Birmingham, Lescott is a graduate of the Wolverhampton Wanderers youth academy.
He then went on to a second career as a car racing driver.
He earned two national caps for England.
Simon Colosimo is an Australian international football player who plays as a central defender for Dandenong Thunder in the National Premier Leagues Victoria 2.
He was also capped twice for the German national team in 1913.
After his retirement, he worked for PAOK as technical director, and for a brief period, took up the position of president, following Theodoros Zagorakis' resignation.
After two seasons with Vale he joined Macclesfield Town.
Luigi "Gigi" Meroni was an Italian professional footballer who played as a winger.
Before the season of 2013 he once again signed for Kongsvinger.
He also won the 2000–01 UEFA Champions League and the 2001 Intercontinental Cup.
He is also a co-owner of Salford City.
He is main co-commentator of matches from Paraguayan National Football Team with Hugo Miño in Play-by-Play on Tigo Sports, Tigo Sports 2 or Tigo Sports 3.
Walter Orlando Ayoví Corozo is an Ecuadorian footballer.
With Bayern, Podolski won the Bundesliga and DFB-Pokal double in 2008.
Redknapp comes from a well-known footballing family.
It was only later, in 2005, that he finally obtained Israeli permanent resident status.
Faty's primary position is central defence but he has also been fielded in midfield.
Morten Gamst Pedersen is a Norwegian professional footballer who plays as a winger for Norwegian club Tromsø, the club with which he began his career.
Birkir Kristinsson is an Icelandic former footballer who played as a goalkeeper.
Franco last played for Major League Soccer club Chicago Fire.
John Cohen Coyle was a Scottish football player.
A natural right back, he is also able to play at right wing.
He remained reliant on charity to fund his medical expenses, and was forced to sell his medal collection and caps in 1993.
Blessed with above-average skills but also having a troublesome character, he represented among others Flamengo and Deportivo, and was also a Brazilian international.
He retired from club football in June 2009.
He spent six years on Tyneside before moving south to Portsmouth in 2004.
He returned to Ireland to play with the Shamrock Rovers, making his debut, along with Jackie Mooney against Shelbourne F.C.
Jari Niemi is a retired Finnish footballer.
He received 55 international caps overall, and took on the role of captaincy once.
He is a member of the National Soccer Hall of Fame.
Nicklas Bendtner is a Danish footballer who plays as a forward for Norwegian club Rosenborg and the Denmark national team.
He retired from the national team in 2002 at the age of 28 with a total of 44 senior international caps and 18 goals.
Christian Jimenez is an American soccer player of Mexican descent.
Ian De Souza Goodison is a Jamaican footballer who plays as a defender for National Premier League club Harbour View.
Kinkladze was unable to settle in the Netherlands, and returned to England with Derby County a little over a year later.
He also finished 42nd in the 100 Greatest Finns voting in 2004.
Also, he works occasionally as a football commentator for SKY TV.
He began his career with St Mirren before moving to English club Blackburn Rovers for a £300,000 fee in 1999.
After having one year out of the game, Parnaby rejoined Middlesbrough on a two-year deal in July 2012.
He started his career with Club América in 2005 and made three appearances for them in the Clausura 2008 season.
He subsequently played for non-league sides East Worle and Weston-super-Mare.
Later was player-manager at Shelbourne, finally retiring from playing in 1981 after a career stretching some 20 years.
When he arrived at the club, Bodø/Glimt played in the third division, but did gain promotion in 1986.
Adrian "Adi" Mutu is a former Romanian professional footballer who played as an attacking midfielder or a forward.
He won five major titles during his time at Júbilo.
In September 2015, he became the player with the most appearances in the UEFA Champions League.
Copenhagen, winning four Superliga championships and two Danish Cup trophies with F.C.
Carlos Arnoldo Salcido Flores is a Mexican professional footballer who plays for Liga MX club Guadalajara where he's also the captain.
Wall also won seven caps for England, scoring two goals.
He has also played for Leyton Orient, Bristol Rovers, Wolverhampton Wanderers, Leicester City, Leeds United, Notts County, Lincoln City and Kettering Town.
He played 7 matches for the Belgium national football team.
A former graduate of the academy himself, whose footballing career was cut short by injury, he joined the club's staff as a youth coach in 1973.
Having gained his first cap for Germany in his late 20's, Linke went on to represent the nation in one World Cup and one European Championship.
Dürnberger altogether won eleven major trophies with Bayern Munich from the 1970s to the 1980s.
He is currently the Sporting Director of the youth academy.
Having made his international debut in 1999, Juninho played 40 games for the Brazilian national team and scored six goals.
He played 20 matches for the Danish national team, and represented Denmark at the 1992 Summer Olympics and 1996 European Championship.
Standing at 1.91 m, he was one of the tallest goalkeepers of his time.
Luis Ernesto Pérez Gómez, commonly known as Lucho Pérez, is a former Mexican international footballer, who played as a defensive midfielder.
Takayuki Suzuki is a former Japanese football player.
Randolph Jerome is a Guyanese soccer player who currently plays for North East Stars in the TT Pro League.
Baines was included in the England squads at UEFA Euro 2012 and the 2014 FIFA World Cup.
Abroad, Tomás spent some time in Spain and Asia.
A striker, Colautti began his career in Argentina with Boca Juniors, and joined the Israeli club Maccabi Haifa in 2004.
Nat Borchers is a retired American soccer player.
He played twice for the Scottish national team, both times in 1896.
Ryan Caugherty is a Korean-born American soccer player, currently retired.
Chorley started his career at Arsenal, spending several years at the club on youth terms before signing a professional deal in 2001.
During his time with the Gunners, Gilberto developed into one of the best defensive midfielders in Europe.
Mohamed Benhamou is an Algerian football goalkeeper who plays for USM Annaba in the Algerian Ligue Professionnelle 2.
Mons, Standard Liège and K. Sint-Truidense V.V.
Franz Becker is a former German footballer.
Born in Hebburn, Dixon played for Spennymoor United before he signed as a professional for Villa shortly after the Second World War.
However, he struggled with injury problems during the 2011–12 season, and fell out of favour.
With only two rounds before the end of the 1962 championship, Boca and its all-time derby River Plate shared the first position at the local league.
He came on as a substitute in a league game, but was then himself substituted.
After leaving Portsmouth, he moved teams frequently, representing sides in Greece, Qatar, Cyprus and Turkey, in addition to a brief return to English football at Blackpool.
He also scored in 15 consecutive games, a record according to rsssf is a world second best.
He won the Q-League title in 2006.
While at Chelsea he won numerous honours, including the Premier League, the UEFA Champions League, four FA Cups and the League Cup.
He has also spent time on loan at Sydney FC for the Asian Champions League in 2011.
During his Dallas career, Rhine filled a variety of positions as an on-and-off starter, usually playing up front or in the midfield.
Yūhei Tokunaga, born 25 September 1983 in Kunimi, Nagasaki, Japan) is a Japanese football player who currently plays for FC Tokyo of the J-League.
In his prime, he was named the best right-backs in the world by FIFA.
After first denying the charge, Killen change his plea to guilty before he was due to go on trial.
On 16 January 2015, Ginola announced his intention to run for the FIFA presidency.
Brian Kilcline is a retired professional English footballer.
UTA Arad, he was signed at the club later.
Agu retired at the age of 30, after having spent most of his career in Africa.
At club level, Klose has been a less prolific but usually reliable goalscorer.
At the 2007 competition, he was the top individual scorer and was named the 'Most Valuable Player' of the tournament.
He is best known for his impressive height, powerful header and aerial game effective both defensively and in attack.
Diphetogo "Dipsy" Selolwane is a Botswana football midfielder for South African Premier Soccer League club University of Pretoria.
Giuseppe "Beppe" Signori is a retired Italian footballer, who played as a forward.
Cheick Oumar Bathily is a Malian football player who currently plays for CS Duguwolofila.
Wilfred Thomas Kirkham was an English football player who holds four goalscoring records at Port Vale.
He moved to Birmingham in May 1929, playing his last first-team game in September 1930 before retiring at the end of the 1930–31 season.
Simon Darcy Clifford is an English football coach, and a businessman known for introducing Brazilian training techniques into the UK with his Brazilian Soccer Schools.
Svindal Larsen was capped 24 times for Norway.
Óscar David Suazo Velázquez is a retired Honduran professional footballer who played as a striker.
Former Brazilian footballer Pelé stated, “George Best was the greatest player in the world".
A Spanish international on 100 occasions, Puyol was part of the squad that won the Euro 2008 and the 2010 World Cup tournaments.
Almond started his career with Nelson in the Lancashire League, before joining Football League First Division side Burnley in November 1896.
All of his teeth had to be removed while treating his jaw injuries.
Robert Paul Green is an English professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Championship club Leeds United.
His honours at the club included a Premier League title and an FA Cup.
He then played three seasons with Persepolis, winning the Iranian league twice and the Hazfi Cup once with the club.
He notably played in the Premier League for Chelsea, Charlton Athletic and Bolton Wanderers and in the Football League for Middlesbrough, Southend United and Plymouth Argyle.
Augustine Azuka "Jay-Jay" Okocha is a Nigerian former professional footballer who played as an attacking midfielder.
Sunderland signed Piper from Leicester in August 2002, for a fee of £3,500,000.
Following a spell at Tottenham Hotspur, Zamora was signed by West Ham United, where he played for five years and won promotion to the Premier League.
The latter part of his career was increasingly impacted by injury which led to his retirement in 2009 at the age of 35.
She played for the French national team from 1994 until 2006, announcing her retirement at the age of 31 following France's elimination from World Cup qualifying.
Ferydoon Zandi is a retired Iranian professional footballer and a current coach.
He retired following the 2008–09 season, after a 19-year professional career.
He is known as a hard working, defensive midfielder.
During her career, she scored 82 goals in 112 international matches.
Mark Dodd is a former U.S. soccer goalkeeper.
Alex Brosque is an Australian professional footballer of Uruguayan descent who is the current captain of A-League club Sydney FC.
He also played for the Scotland national team.
Liam James Rosenior is an English professional footballer who plays either as a full-back or winger for Brighton & Hove Albion.
Piotr Giza is a Polish football player.
On 29 May 2013, Podolski scored the fastest goal in German national team history, after just 9 seconds of the 4–2 friendly win over Ecuador.
Pelé was once quoted as calling Haynes the "best passer of the ball I've ever seen".
Sánchez played for Mexico at the 2004 Summer Olympics.
Stuart Ian Slater is an English former professional footballer who played as a winger and forward from 1986 to 2009.
Rudolf "Rudi" Skácel is a professional footballer who plays for 1.
He left Tampa as the team's all-time leader in most goalkeeping categories.
His next teams have been then FC 08 Homburg, 1.
Rodney Seymour Wallace is an English professional footballer and reserve team coach of Combined Counties Football League side Epsom & Ewell.
He also played for Parramatta Power before moving to Singapore to play for Balestier Khalsa.
Benjamin David "Ben" Thatcher is a former association football player.
He returned to the Premier League later that year, playing for Blackburn Rovers, Liverpool, West Ham United and Manchester City.
Rúrik Gíslason is an Icelandic footballer who plays as a midfielder for 2.
These performances earned him moves abroad to AC Milan and Newcastle United.
He also played 19 games for the Norway national football team.
He moved to Heart of Midlothian during January 2006 in a deal worth £850,000, a record fee paid by the Tynecastle side.
Sabin Ilie is a Romanian former football striker.
He won two league-and-cup doubles with them before leaving in 2002.
They walked through their group winning all the games.
In winning the 2016 FA Cup, Carrick completed his collection of every domestic honour in the English game.
He is currently the assistant manager for Atlas.
He played in the Premier League for Tottenham Hotspur in 2003, making 4 appearances.
Kelly Jayne Smith, MBE is a retired English football forward who spent three spells with FA WSL club Arsenal Ladies.
He later ran a sports business with his younger brother Peter in Cove, a village near Aldershot, until the 1980s.
He also made 11 full international appearances for his country between 2002 and 2004, featuring in the Italian squad that took part at Euro 2004.
They have played intermittently in first-class and List A cricket since 1894.
He has represented Australia at under-20 level and in the Olympic team between 1996 - 1999.
After Jose de Jesus Corona was sold to Cruz Azul, Mario became the starting goalkeeper for Estudiantes Tecos for the start of Apertura 2009.
The Czech Republic did not qualify for the next round of the competition and Lokvenc subsequently retired from international football in 2006.
He spent just one season in his second spell at Portsmouth and left for Tottenham Hotspur, where he again linked up with Defoe and Harry Redknapp.
In the summer of 2004, he moved on to Spanish side Villarreal.
Iain Ross Turner is a Scottish football goalkeeper.
In all, Ashcroft played 303 first-class games in eight seasons for Arsenal.
He was a winning participant in the fourth season of the Celebrity Bainisteoir reality television series.
Sseppuya is an international for the Uganda national team.
Giuseppe "Beppe" Bergomi is an Italian retired footballer who spent his entire career at Internazionale.
He notably spent eight seasons with Atlético Madrid, winning five major titles including the 2014 national championship and the 2012 Europa League.
Olcan Adın is a Turkish professional footballer who plays as a left back or winger.
Mario Alberto Yepes Díaz is a Colombian former football defender and former manager of Deportivo Cali.
They gained an instant return by beating Huddersfield Town 3–0 in the 2011 League One play-off final.
Shannon Boxx is an American retired soccer player and former member of the United States women's national soccer team, playing the defensive midfielder position.
As a footballer he played as a central defender from 1986 to 2003, and was voted the 17th "hardest footballer of all time".
As of 2006, he plays for USM Alger.
Thomas Berthold is a former German footballer and manager, who played as a defender.
Following his playing career, Lalas served as general manager of the San Jose Earthquakes, New York Red Bulls and Los Angeles Galaxy of Major League Soccer.
He is known for his passing, agility and dribbling ability.
He has 11 caps for the French national team.
A versatile player, he was often seen in central defence, although he played in most outfield positions during his career.
Randall Azofeifa Corrales is an Costa Rica football midfielder who currently plays for Herediano.
His participation in Euro 2000 gained the attention of the Bundesliga team Hamburger SV, who took him to Germany.
He later also had spells in Italy with Cagliari and Torino, before returning to River Plate, where he ended his career.
Ieroklis Stoltidis, also known as "Iéro", is a retired Greek footballer, who played as a defensive midfielder.
Clifford Charles "Cliff" Holton was an English footballer.
A statue of Dean was unveiled outside Goodison Park in May 2001.
Marek Jankulovski is a retired Czech footballer who played as a defender.
Subsequently, Melamed became the first Israeli to play in MLS.
Van der Sar also set numerous records in his career.
She played for the United States women's national soccer team from 1987–2004.
He played for numerous English clubs, predominantly in the Midlands, and also played in Germany.
Regarded as one of the greatest ever Liverpool players, he was ranked 23rd in the 100 Players Who Shook The Kop poll.
He captained both Scotland and Celtic at all age levels.
He died in Manchester, aged 77, in April 1962.
Kwame Gershion Quansah is a Ghanaian footballer who plays as a defensive midfielder.
Jacinto João, also known as J. J. was one of the greatest Portuguese football players of his time.
Ouédraogo, whose preferred position on the field is defender, joined FC Twente at the age of 16.
He added 268/53 in Segunda División, where he played for all the clubs except his first.
He principally plays as a winger or attacking midfielder.
A defensive midfielder during his playing days, McCall built a reputation as a cultured midfield player, with immaculate passing ability.
Although his primary position is attacking midfielder, he can play anywhere in the midfield, including defensive midfield and either wing.
Daniel James Sonner is an English-born former Northern Ireland international footballer.
He started his career with Montevideo Wanderers, and went on to play professionally in Norway, Sweden, Spain, Paraguay, Brazil and Argentina.
Most of his professional career was spent at Valencia, which he helped to five major titles, including two La Liga championships.
Five months later he signed for Malaysian club Sabah FA.
He also scored the winning goal in the 1958 Scottish Cup Final, as Clyde defeated Hibernian 1-0 at Hampden Park.
He progressed through the youth and trainee sides and turned professional in August 2003.
Kwadwo Gyamfi-Poku or simply Kojo Poku is a Ghanaian football player.
Till signed for Fleetwood Town a year later and won the Conference Premier title in his one season with the club.
Michael Kojo Essien is a Ghanaian footballer who currently plays for Indonesian club Persib Bandung.
Shalrie Jamal Joseph is a Grenadian footballer.
In 1999, Šmicer moved to England where he played for Liverpool, winning multiple honours.
He scored 49 league goals in 151 appearances with Werder Bremen, winning a league and cup double in 2004.
At international level, Voronin played 74 matches for Ukraine from his debut in 2002.
In addition to Euro 92, he played for his country at the 1998 FIFA World Cup and three additional European Championship tournaments.
Cole made his full All Whites debut in a 2-0 win over Singapore on 1 October 1978.
He has previously played for the French club Besançon RC on loan and the Belgian teams Racing Waregem and K.A.S.
Berry died in September 1994, aged 68, after a short illness.
Víctor Valdés Arribas is a Spanish professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper.
Kasper Bøgelund Nielsen is a retired Danish footballer.
He was known for his technical abilities, especially passing skills and ball control, but was also injury-prone.
He became a mainstay in the side, with over 300 league games in ten seasons, and became club captain in 1925.
Yashin earned iconic status for revolutionizing the goalkeeping position by stamping his authority on the entire defense.
His performance led Iran to the World Cup 1998 and his saves helped Iran attain respectable results in the tournament.
Target man Pezzarossi, nicknamed El Tanque, started his footballing career with Guatemalan lower division club Deportivo Escuintla.
He was also listed in the 2006 book Cheltenham Town Football Club 50 Greats.
He is currently an assistant manager of the Estonia national team.
He has been named African Footballer of the Year twice, winning the accolade in 2006 and 2009.
As well as appearing for River Plate and Boca Juniors, his other clubs include Atalanta, Benfica, Dundee and Rangers.
In 1947 he returned to Hamburg where he became top-scorer for two non-consecutive seasons, before moving on in 1951.
After that, he was a member of Altay SK in Turkey but didn't see much first team football.
Karim Essediri is a Tunisia former international footballer.
He was also in the 2006 African Cup of Nations squad.
After spending two more years in the amateur divisions with two different clubs, in 2004, Ribéry earned a move to Ligue 1 club FC Metz.
In the summer of 2011, he joined the US Bitam in his homeland.
Aly Dia, commonly known as Ali Dia, is a Senegalese former professional footballer who played as a striker.
Georgios "Giorgos" Karagounis is a former Greek professional footballer.
After his loan to Tigres UANL he returned to Santos Laguna .
Faryd Mondragón is the other Colombian soccer player of the two, but officially retired in 2014.
Released at the end of the 2012–13 season, he signed for Portsmouth in August 2013.
Anthony Réveillère is a retired French footballer who played as a right back.
He also played in Scotland, Greece and Cyprus.
Zeytulayev has spent most of his career in the Italian Serie B and Lega Pro Prima Divisione.
Mariel Margaret Hamm-Garciaparra is a retired professional soccer player, two-time Olympic gold medalist, and two-time FIFA Women's World Cup champion.
Brett Studman is an Australian footballer who plays for APIA Leichhardt Tigers FC.
Asked about this in an interview, he replied that his hamstrings were "[t]ighter than a camels ass in a sand storm.
He announced his retirement, at age 33, in September 2013.
Nikola Jerkan is a former football defender from Croatia.
He moved to Brazilian side Corinthians in 2005, winning the Brazilian Série A in his first season.
He currently plays for Olimpia Asunción in the Paraguayan Primera División.
While in Asia, Moreno says that in training the coach would yell out some indications and a someone would have to translate to Spanish.
He scored once for Coventry; his goal coming in a League Cup tie against Rushden & Diamonds in October 2002.
He amassed Serie A totals of 262 games and 14 goals.
He has won nine caps for the United States, featuring as back-up for Kasey Keller and Tim Howard in two World Cups.
He spent the remainder of his career in England with two spells at Everton and Newcastle United between 1998 and 2000.
He then played for Barry Town and his final role in football was as player-manager of Cwmbran Town in the Welsh League.
Pa Dembo Touray, pronounced "Touré", is a retired Gambian football and national team player for Gambia.
From there he was spotted by Millwall where he spent nearly seven years before being signed by Sheffield United in 2005.
At international level, he has also been capped by the France national team on three occasions in the past.
She started her career at Saint-Memmie Olympique, then signed on to the Women's United Soccer Association, the American professional league.
His former clubs include Eendracht Aalst, R.A.A.
Dubbed Monstro Sagrado, he won 19 major titles with his main club, including ten national leagues and two European Cups.
After a year-long hiatus due to injury, Brown became a regular fixture in the first team from 2000 onwards.
Bell is widely regarded as Manchester City's best ever player.
He most recently played for Luton Town, a club where he spent eight years at in two separate spells.
In the summer of 2010 de Guzmán signed a three-year contract with RCD Mallorca following a free transfer.
Ümit Karan is a retired Turkish football player.
His clubs include Bordeaux, Milan, Barcelona, Marseille, Birmingham City and Qatar SC.
He died in Worthing, West Sussex, England, in 1968 at the age of 73.
De la Peña was known for his technical skills and accurate passing ability, although his career was affected by several injuries.
After retiring as a player he became a podiatrist, and still works at the corporate hospitality department at Old Trafford.
Alves was capped for Brazil on eight occasions.
At the beginning of the 2007–08 season he was sold to Premier League club Middlesbrough for £2.5 million.
Johannes "Jan" Vennegoor of Hesselink is a Dutch former footballer who last played for PSV Eindhoven.
He has also capped with the Mexico national team.
Tarek played youth football for Australia, before being called up to the Lebanon national team in 2012.
He is a Football Hall of Famer and is the uncle of rugby union World Cup winner, Ben Cohen.
After progressing through their youth system he made his first-team debut in 2001.
He left the Football League in June 2011 following an injury-hit 2010–11 campaign.
In her club soccer years, she played for the Hammer Football Club in Cincinnati, Ohio and played as a forward and midfielder.
Néstor Combin, is an Argentine former football player who spent most of his professional career in France.
Kerrea Kuche Gilbert is an English footballer.
Mudashiru Babatunde "Muda" Lawal was a Nigerian footballer who played as a midfielder for both club and country.
He has previously played for Kyoto Purple Sanga, Le Mans FC, AS Saint-Etienne, FC Tom Tomsk, Dijon, Slavia Sofia and Lechia Gdańsk.
In the first round of the Norwegian Football Cup 2008, Misje made his first appearance since 2006.
He was named 1995 Danish Under-19 Player of the Year.
He was a member of the Whitecaps team that won the league championship in 1979.
Gustavo Nery de Sá da Silva, commonly known as Gustavo Nery, is a former association footballer who played as a left-back.
Despite his goalscoring records, he only played for Spain twenty times.
He retired from international football after returning from the World Cup.
In 2008, he appeared in the UEFA Champions League Final.
He then had a season at Cesena and French club Ajaccio before returning to his native country with Petrolul Ploiești in 2014.
Jerome joined Norwich City in August 2014.
The club failed to win silverware during his stay and numerous managerial changes made him a peripheral player.
Skoko has been described as a central midfielder with "superb on-ball ability, inch perfect passing, and his ability to turn defence to attack in an instant."
Alexander Frei is a former Swiss footballer who played as a forward.
He dressed head to toe in black, thus earning his nickname the 'Black Spider', which enhanced his popularity.
He played for Charlton Athletic, Wolverhampton Wanderers, West Ham United and Leicester City before ending his professional football career in 2008.
Mark Lyndon Patrick de Vries is a Dutch footballer currently playing for Dutch Hoofdklasse club ONS Sneek.
Stuart Musialik is an Australian professional footballer.
He was a prolific goalscorer, who excelled in the air, despite not being particularly tall or imposing physically.
In 1999, he was bought by the Czech champion team Sparta Prague and called up by the Czech national team, for which he won 19 caps.
He was a member of the team that won the 2006 FIFA World Cup, and also represented Italy in two UEFA European Championships.
He joined Port Vale in July 2012, and helped the club to secure promotion out of League Two in 2012–13.
In 2013, following a brief spell with Sevilla, he returned to Real Madrid.
He played for Athletic Bilbao during the 1910s and 1920s.
Saïdou Madi Panandétiguiri is a Burkinabé footballer who currently plays for FC Pune City in the Indian Super League.
In 2000, he moved to Barcelona in a deal worth £25 million and became the most expensive player in Dutch football history.
He first started playing at Olimpia Poznań, where he played from 1992 until 1994, when he joined Widzew Łódź.
Former Anderlecht coach Hugo Broos described him as "a player who can control the whole left flank and also is strong in attack".
He is best known for his time playing at Newcastle United, having amassed 157 league appearances over a twenty-year period between 1993 and 2013.
Salcido also played a season for Fulham before returning to Mexico.
In 2016 Howard made his return to MLS, this time playing for the Colorado Rapids as their starter keeper.
His first team honours came at Barcelona, where he won the Copa del Rey in 1988 and the European Cup Winners' Cup in 1989.
In 2008, Lennon won his first major honour, the Football League Cup, as Tottenham emerged victorious with a 2–1 win over London rivals Chelsea.
Rhys David Weston is an English-born Welsh former professional footballer who played as a defender.
With the French national team, Djorkaeff won the 1998 FIFA World Cup and Euro 2000.
He joined Leicester City on a free transfer in January 2015 and left the club at the end of their 2015–16 Premier League-winning season.
He made nearly 600 appearances in the Football League playing for Coventry City, Aston Villa, Sheffield United, Brighton & Hove Albion and Birmingham City.
Cahill is the captain of Chelsea and vice-captain of England.
He started his career in the Football Conference with Kidderminster Harriers, before winning a £380,000 move to boyhood club West Bromwich Albion in August 1997.
He was a member of the nation's squad at the 2006 FIFA World Cup.
Evans attended Oxford University as a Rhodes scholar, where he studied Experimental Psychology and played for Oxford United FC.
Rachel Elizabeth Unitt is an English footballer who plays for FA WSL club Solihull.
Welsh plays for Scotland and has played for the Under-19 side.
He was named 2004 Danish under-21 Player of the Year.
Berndtsson played for the Sweden national football team, and was a member of the squad at the 1958 FIFA World Cup finals.
An agreement was immediately reached on the spot.
Vincent Philippe Antoine Candela is a former French footballer.
After two seasons at Bolton he followed Allardyce to Newcastle United where he spent one season before joining Stoke City in August 2008 for £2.25 million.
For the 2006–07 season, Bendtner was loaned out to Championship club Birmingham City, where he made 48 appearances.
He also played 61 appearances for the full English national team, scoring once against Moldova.
A former Argentina international, Ortega played for his country in the 1994, 1998, and 2002 World Cups.
Ygor was transferred to Start of Norway from Vasco da Gama for about €1.2 million in February 2007.
He made his name as a pundit on Match of the Day from 1992 to 2014.
McKay played for Brisbane Roar since their first season in the A-League, and was their club captain.
N'Zogbia was capped for the France under-21 team on thirteen occasions, and made his debut for the senior side in 2010.
Christopher David "Chris" Cohen is an English professional footballer who plays for Championship club Nottingham Forest.
Andréia Suntaque, often referred to as simply Andréia, is a female football goalkeeper from Brazil, who currently plays for Brazilian club Sociedade Esportiva Tiradentes.
Luigi Pieroni is a former Belgian football striker.
He was well known in the Caribbean and his reputation achieved beyond the boundaries of the region.
He moved to Cyprus in 2013 to join Anorthosis Famagusta; after a single season he joined AEK Larnaca.
He was not included in the team that played at the Independence Brazil Cup, in 1972.
Daniel Antony Nardiello is an England-born Welsh footballer who currently plays as a forward for Bangor City.
He is also the youngest player to have reached 100 goals in the Premier League.
He dropped into the Third Division to join Peterborough United in 1963, who paid a £21,000 transfer fee.
Kyle Robert Beckerman is an American soccer player who plays for Real Salt Lake in Major League Soccer and the United States national team.
Good performances in Bodø earned him a transfer to Hertha BSC, but he was unsuccessful and returned to Norway.
He is also a former captain of the Ukraine national team, before retiring from international football in 2016.
A three-time Chelsea Player of the Year, Lampard is the club's all-time top goalscorer with 211 goals in all competitions.
He signed for Crystal Palace on transfer deadline day in January 2014.
He has appeared for the Russian national team 24 times and was their starting keeper at the 2002 World Cup.
In 2004, he appeared in 18 games, scoring a goal and two assists.
Often referred to as De Muur, he spent most of his career at Club Brugge, having played into his 40s.
He moved to Inter in the summer of 2009, and helped Inter Milan win the 2010 Champions League against his former club Bayern Munich.
But however, he signed for Malaysian Super-League side, PDRM FA.
Henriksen was capped 66 times for the Danish national team, and he represented his country at two FIFA World Cups and two European Championship tournaments.
After six months at Galatasaray, he departed the club in controversial fashion in order to return to France to join Marseille.
He managed just one appearance before retiring from football completely
Pachuca he passed the ball to the opposite team and they ended up making goals from Gonzalo Pineda and from Christian Gimenez.
He played in all three divisions of the Football League for Millwall, Ipswich Town, Wrexham and Brentford.
He made 50 league appearances for Colchester before leaving in April 2017.
Uwe Seeler is a former German footballer and football official.
He is a keen supporter of Leicester City FC.
A €12.9 million move to Bayern Munich led to further honours: the team won the Bundesliga and DFB-Pokal double in 2003, 2005 and 2006.
He played for the Bulgarian national team.
He played most of his career for FC Rubin Kazan.
He went on to score 118 goals in 216 appearances in the Premier League for Liverpool, and 158 goals in 297 total appearances.
Podolski retired from international football on 22 March 2017 after scoring the winner in a friendly against England.
Timothée Atouba is a Cameroonian football player.
He currently is serving as technical director for Atlanta United FC.
He has also played for New England Revolution, Fulham and Tottenham Hotspur.
He was named an honorable mention All-American following his senior season in 2003.
Helton appeared for Brazil at the 2007 Copa América.
Christian Lamhauge Holst is a retired Danish/Faroese football player and is currently working as specific coach at BK Frem.
He later emigrated to South Africa where he spent the rest of his life.
He joined his hometown club Wolverhampton Wanderers in 2006 and went on to become captain of the side in the Premier League.
He has played for clubs in Finland, Norway, England, Belgium and Switzerland.
FC Kaiserslautern and Werder Bremen before signing for 1899 Hoffenheim in 2012.
Keisi played most of his career as a left back in Maccabi Haifa F.C.
He was capped six times by the England national football team, scoring four goals.
Hartson also featured in the Premier League with Arsenal and West Ham United as well.
Van Der Heyden was in the Belgium squad for the 1994 World Cup.
Walter Gerardo Pandiani Urquiza is a Uruguayan retired footballer who played as a striker.
Boffin represented Belgium in three World Cups, the last of which occurred when he was 37.
During his career he had three spells with SK Brann and played for Åsane and Sogndal.
He was included in the nation's squads that reached the quarter-finals at the 2006 FIFA World Cup and UEFA Euro 2012.
On 18 July 2011, he joined Aston Villa for a fee believed to be around £3.5 million, signing a five-year contract.
His time in Spain was overshadowed by disciplinary problems.
He captained his nation at UEFA Euro 2016.
The Colin Bell Stand at the City of Manchester Stadium is named in his honour.
He joined Stoke City on 31 August 2011 for a club record fee of £10 million.
He played in nearly 300 official games with Bayer Leverkusen in one full decade, helping them reach the 2002 Champions League final.
He signed for Nottingham Forest in 2011 and had a three-year spell with the club.
Stanley "Stan" Lazaridis is an Australian former footballer.
Simon William Walton is an English footballer who plays as a midfielder for Sutton United.
On his return in January 2002, Piper played 27 games as Leicester fought relegation from the Premier League.
Earlier in his career, he was described as a player who possesses "almost unrivaled stamina" that is "quick in the tackle and willing to drive forward".
He also competed in Portugal and Austria.
Pascal Feindouno is a Guinean international footballer, who plays as a winger.
Fabio Cudicini is an Italian former professional footballer who played as a goalkeeper from 1955 to 1972.
Just a few matches for them, he got selected for the B-international team of Germany, impressing as a goalscoring midfielder.
Winters started his in career Scotland and played for Dundee United between 1992 and 1997 and Aberdeen between 1998 and 2002.
He played professionally in both Sweden and the United States.
In 2010, Olmeta played in goal for United in a charity game in aid of Sport Relief.
Kamil Zayatte is a Guinean footballer who plays for Al Raed as a defender.
Severeyns was the Jupiler League top scorer in 1988 with 24 goals.
Following his retirement as a player, Le Tissier became a football pundit, and currently works as a panelist on the Sky Sports show Soccer Saturday.
He won the 1978 FIFA World Cup with the Argentina national football team.
He has represented England at under-16, under-19 and under-21 level.
In July 2012, Gaven became the youngest player to play in 250 MLS matches at 25 years and 257 days old.
He grew up playing football for several youth teams including Stella Maris.
Tomas Žvirgždauskas is a retired football defender from Lithuania, who last played as defender for Halmstads BK.
Injury problems caused him to retire on August 1, 2005, with Andersson looking to remain in football as a coach.
Jiří Jarošík  Czech pronunciation  is a Czech former footballer.
A German international for five years, Ricken represented the country at the 2002 World Cup and the 1999 Confederations Cup.
He currently works as the chief executive officer at Ajax.
Mile Sterjovski is a retired Australian football player.
Alfredo Omar Tena Salamano is a Mexican footballer, who currently plays as a Midfielder or Defender.
Victorino also earned 13 caps for Mexico.
His permanent spell at Yeovil was brief, he soon transferred to Notts County in summer 2009, who he helped fire to promotion in his first season.
He earned 26 full caps for the Scottish national team and scored six international goals.
Reina moved on to Liverpool and made his debut in the 2005 UEFA Super Cup, which Liverpool won.
He finished his career with the club having scored 11 goals in 22 league appearances.
In his third game on August 16, 2003, Moreno scored twice to win the game 2–0 against Atlante F.C..
As a player Oakes notably played in the Premier League for Aston Villa and in the Football League for Scarborough, Wolverhampton Wanderers and Cardiff City.
