Lyricist Sameer Anjaan has described the song as a "beautiful, pure and sublime Sufi love song".
Written by Clarkson, Cathy Dennis, Livvi Franc, with Greg Kurstin, who helmed the song's production.
He considered it for his third album, The Times They Are a-Changin', but only attempted a few takes during the album's first studio session.
As Whiting's daughter Margaret tells it, the song was intended for a 1918 contest at a Detroit theater.
"I'm the Greatest" was later included on Starr's compilations Blast from Your Past and Photograph: The Very Best of Ringo Starr.
Cover versions were recorded by The Miracles, Johnny Mathis, Baby Washington, The Moments, and others.
Goodbye, France is a World War I era song written and composed by Irving Berlin and published by Waterson, Berlin & Snyder Co.
"Realiti" is a song by Canadian singer Grimes.
The song was officially released as the B-side to the 7" vinyl edition of the single "Uprising" on 7 September 2009.
A live version of the song is included on the 2015 live album Tokyo Dome Live in Concert
"In My Secret Life" is a song written and performed by Leonard Cohen and Sharon Robinson.
Composed by Shantanu Moitra, the song is sung by Shreya Ghoshal, with lyrics penned by Swanand Kirkire.
"Belle" is a song written by composer Alan Menken and lyricist Howard Ashman for Walt Disney Pictures' 30th animated feature film Beauty and the Beast.
Co-produced by Phil Spector, the recording employs multiple keyboard players, rhythm guitarists and percussionists, as well as orchestration by arranger John Barham.
"The Fletcher Memorial Home" is a song by Roger Waters, performed by Pink Floyd.
"Paradise" is a song written by John Prine for his father, and recorded for his 1971 debut album, John Prine.
"Some Sunday Morning" is the title of two well-known American songs.
The troll is trying to convince "Sir Mannelig" to marry her.
"Grey Cloudy Lies" has received unfavourable comments from several reviewers, and particularly from some of Harrison's spiritual biographers.
It was released on March 15, 2015, by Top Dawg Entertainment, Aftermath Entertainment and Interscope Records.
"Dead Horse" is a song by American rock band Guns N' Roses.
Clarkson has included the song in the touring set of her My December Tour from 2007-08.
"I'll Follow the Sun" is a song by the Beatles.
Ceremony took place on March 12, 2013 at the Expo Center in Karachi, Sindh beginning at PM/IST 8:00 p.m. and was televised on 28 April 2013.
Upon his return to Poland he started composing for the Qui Pro Quo cabaret.
It was interpolated into the Broadway show The Music Box Revue of 1924 where it was sung by Grace Moore and Oscar Shaw.
"Ocean Man" is a song by the American rock band Ween.
Billboard Hot 100 number-one singles: "SexyBack", "My Love", and "What Goes Around... Comes Around".
Sergio Franchi performed this song January 2, 1964 on the ABC Television special, Victor Borge At Carnegie Hall.
It has been covered in abbreviated form by the Geraldine Fibbers, Thin White Rope, Masaki Batoh, Susheela Raman, Jonathan Segel, The Wendys and others.
The song is credited solely to Robbie Robertson, although Levon Helm claimed that "King Harvest" was a group effort.
"You're Going to Lose That Girl" is a song by the Beatles from the album and film Help!, written by John Lennon and Paul McCartney.
The song appears as a bonus track in the music video game Rock Band
"Two of Us" is a 1969 song by the Beatles, written by Paul McCartney.
There comes a blow from nowhere, and it goes off like a bomb!
The origins of "One Step Closer" date back to the All That You Can't Leave Behind sessions.
It reached number seven on the US song charts in August 1918.
The song was recorded by a 41-piece orchestra at Abbey Road Studios on 22–23 October 1968.
"Bebot" is a song from The Black Eyed Peas' fourth studio album, Monkey Business.
"Praise the Lord and Pass the Ammunition" is an American patriotic song by Frank Loesser, and published as sheet music in 1942 by Famous Music Corp.
Dylan, when asked in 1985 if he had any regrets about "Ballad In Plain D", replied: "Oh yeah, that one!
The song was featured in the film Susan Slept Here, and was nominated for the 1954 Academy Award for Best Song.
It is preceded by "Run Like Hell" and followed by "Stop".
"Tribute to Troy" is an epic fanfare most frequently associated with the University of Southern California, whose fans use it as a fight song.
Wood would also contribute pedal steel guitar to the number, an instrument that also appears on the Some Girls songs "Shattered" and "Far Away Eyes".
The song was originally released as a promotional single without Lil Wayne on April 10, 2015.
The song was previously released on the Hindi Raavan and the Tamil Raavanan soundtrack albums respectively in 2010.
Lyrically, "Haunted" contains sexually explicit and frank lyrics talking about desire.
It was one of Metallica's first original releases to be tuned half a step down.
In a 2014 list compiled by The Guardian, "Love Vigilantes" was ranked ninth in a list of the ten best New Order songs.
Music critics were divided on "Strawberry Bubblegum"; the song's production was generally praised, but the lyrics were criticized as being cliché.
The track reached number 65 in the Canadian Singles Chart and number 88 in the UK Singles Chart.
Only the opening minute was broadcast over the show's credits, thus omitting 40% of the lyrics.
Charlie Watts performs a "trademark start-stop drum arrangement... that by now had become a familiar device."
"Please, Please, Please, Let Me Get What I Want" is a song originally performed by British group The Smiths.
Since 1935 it has been the official state song of Florida, although in 2008 the original lyrics were expurgated.
"Lucifer Sam" is a song by British psychedelic rock band Pink Floyd, featured on their 1967 debut album The Piper at the Gates of Dawn.
In the third week the album reached at number 4 in the US chart.
The song features a pounding, tribal-influenced rhythm section throughout, along with singer Malcolm Mooney repeatedly reading excerpts from a love letter in an almost mantra-like manner.
"What Now" is a song recorded by Barbadian singer Rihanna for her seventh studio album, Unapologetic.
"Run Run Run" is a song by the Velvet Underground originally released on the band's 1967 debut album, The Velvet Underground & Nico.
The chorus contains the pleas of the letter:
To make the name of Uncle Sam respected over the sea"
It has a Roud Folk Song Index number of 19236.
"That's For Me" is a popular song.
"Isn't It a Pity" is a song by English musician George Harrison from his 1970 solo album All Things Must Pass.
It was re-released in 1999 on Buffalo Skinners: The Asch Recordings, Vol.
The song is featured in NHL 09 video game.
The cover was designed by Rose Starmer.
It was Austin who demonstrated the song when Mills Music presented it to Victor for recording.
The overture and the first section, Temples of Syrinx, were released as a single and have been featured in most of Rush's setlists since.
"R U Still in 2 It" is a song by Scottish post-rock band Mogwai from their 1997 debut studio album, Young Team.
Madonna sings in her lowest register accompanied by a variable pitch.
The song is the first track on the album.
Originally written for the abortive East is West it was taken "out of the trunk" by the Gershwins for Delicious.
The Goulet version can be seen in syndication reruns.
"Sooner or Later" was composed to evoke the theatrical nature and style of the film.
The song is usually interpreted as a reference to the phenomenon of heroin or morphine addiction among Vietnam war veterans..
"Crois-moi ça durera" is a 1962 hit song by Gilbert Bécaud, with lyrics by Pierre Delanoë.
"Dope" is a song recorded by American singer Lady Gaga for her third studio album, Artpop.
The album's lead single, "Couch Potato", is a parody of "Lose Yourself" by Eminem.
The production of the song was done by Axwell, Angello and Ingrosso under their stage name Swedish House Mafia.
The style of the lyrics and the music is somewhat reminiscent of Tin Pan Alley songs of the 1930s.
"Dangerously in Love 2" received generally positive response from music critics, who wrote that the song effectively shows the vocal capabilities of Beyoncé.
Another popular recording was sung by tenor John McCormack in 1917, who was also the first to record It's a Long Way to Tipperary in 1914.
Founded by the American colonial government on June 18, 1908, it was originally a university conceived for the Filipinos.
Written by The-Dream and produced by Tricky Stewart, the song is included on her third studio album, Fantasy Ride.
Most critics called the song a standout track from Mi Plan and have praised Concha Buika's appearance on the song.
For trying to escape the track, now its obsolete
When the Ducks won in the 2007 Stanley Cup Finals, the band played Bro Hymn live at the team's victory rally.
"Jul, jul, strålande jul" is a Christmas song with lyrics written by Edvard Evers and music composed by Gustaf Nordqvist.
Hendrix performed at the Spanish Castle on several occasions.
It has been called "a pillar of grandiose, assaultive hard rock" by the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame.
However, the best-known version of the song was recorded by Johnnie Ray in July 16, 1956 on the label Columbia Records; it reached No.
"Now is the month of maying" is one of the most famous of the English balletts.
The first tribute album produced for the band was released on November 16, 2004.
"Master of Sparks" is a song by American rock band ZZ Top from their 1973 album Tres Hombres.
Built on a guitar lick played by Perry, "Movin' Out" was recorded on a water bed at the band's apartment, 1325 Commonwealth Avenue.
"Hey Tuttie Tatie" is a traditional Scots air.
It has been recorded by many artists.
The song was released as a promotional single on 30 September 2013 by Universal Music Group.
Zooropa received generally favourable reviews from critics.
Several different versions of the song have been recorded, including an uptempo rock arrangement on Linear and a slower acoustic version in Brothers.
It was recorded on July 29, 1965.
It appears on their 1968 album Waiting for the Sun.
The song has a driving drum beat and funky bass and shows Shacklock’s fondness for African-American music and Wild West shoot outs.
US jazz singer Linda Bianchi recorded the song on her 2009 Christmas album Christmas in New York.
Flamboyant pianist James Booker also played on the session.
When ten players remained, the two tribes merged and named their new tribe "Yin Yang."
Though occasionally performed live since its composition, Dylan did not start performing "Boots of Spanish Leather" regularly until his Never Ending Tour began in 1988.
"I Can't Quit You Baby" is a blues standard written by Willie Dixon and first recorded by Chicago blues artist Otis Rush in 1956.
The lyrics reflect the minutiae of his daily social and business life, while the music, Wilson says, was inspired by "bossa nova in general".
"Muffin Man" is a song recorded live by Frank Zappa and The Mothers of Invention.
"Milim" is a song composed by Tomer Adaddi with lyrics by Noam Horev that was recorded by the Israeli singer, Harel Skaat.
At a performance in Berkeley, California, Hendrix introduced the song:
"Memory of You" is a song by British all-female pop group Girls Aloud recorded during sessions for their fifth studio album Out of Control.
"Crazy Rhythm" is a thirty-two-bar swing show tune written in 1928 by Irving Caesar, Joseph Meyer, and Roger Wolfe Kahn for the Broadway musical Here's Howe.
It was included as a hidden track on The Best of 1980-1990 compilation.
It is a 32-bar ballad that takes the song form ABAC, and is written in 4/4 time.
The musical style—featuring multiple guitar tracks and a harmonica—much more closely resembles electric blues than mainstream rock and roll.
The Bobby Fuller Four version of this song was ranked No.
The 40th Anniversary edition of the album version begins with a guitar riff of "God Save the Queen".
It is also referenced in stage directions of the third scene of Tennessee Williams' play A Streetcar Named Desire.
Released on October 10, 1966, the single was an immediate critical and commercial hit, topping record charts in several countries including the US and UK.
"The Cliffs of Old Tynemouth" is a Geordie folk song written in the 19th century by David Ross Lietch.
"Princesse" is a song by French hip hop artist Nekfeu featuring French singer Nemir.
The song is noted for its multiple music videos and became a concert favorite during the band's live performances.
A sometime traveling companion and fellow musician, Johnny Shines, recalled that Johnson's performance of the song could be overpowering.
For example, the "old master and mistress" became the narrator's parents in mid-20th century Bluegrass versions.
The chart below attempts to explain the complex idea.
In 1988, Warner/Chappell Music purchased the company owning the copyright for US$25 million, with the value of "Happy Birthday" estimated at US$5 million.
The song is a collaboration with musician Robert Smith, frontman of the English rock band The Cure.
"To Be Alone with You" was the first song Dylan recorded for Nashville Skyline, on February 13, 1969.
Other musicians on the recording include Ringo Starr, Billy Preston, Gary Wright and the band Badfinger, while the reprise version features Eric Clapton on lead guitar.
It is numbered as Child ballad 105, and as Roud number 483.
The lyrics of the song includes a mixture of Kannada and Urdu languages.
The song is originally a Breton traditional musical air.
"It was basically about LSD, but was not publicized as that.
It was written as an answer song to The Ad Libs' hit from earlier that year, "The Boy from New York City".
It was written for both voice and piano.
You can do a lot -- just don't burn yourself out too fast trying to do everything at once.
A version of the song also appears on the box-set Songs of Freedom.
In 2008, the song was featured in the award-winning indie horror film Splinter by director Toby Wilkins.
The song contains an interpolation of the song "Space Oddity" by English singer-songwriter David Bowie from his eponymous second studio album.
The track "Waiting Hare" is often mislabeled as "Waiting Here", even though the lyrics to the song clearly say "waiting here".
AllMusic's Matthew Greenwald calls the progression "proto-heavy metal" and compares it to the earlier Experience song, "Foxy Lady".
It is an electropop song with elements of dubstep.
"Any Time at All" is a song recorded by English rock band the Beatles.
Some aspects of the film allude to Aldous Huxley's dystopian novel, Brave New World.
The tune at the beginning of the song was created by S Hazara Singh, the Hawaiian guitarist of OP Nayyar.
is a song by the British alternative rock band The Smiths.
"This Is All I Ask" is a popular song written by Gordon Jenkins in 1958.
The song was first released by Peter Noone of Herman's Hermits, in a single on which Bowie played piano.
A 1978 live version is included in the Live/1975–85 set.
"Owl Creek Quickstep" was a song written by American songwriter Dan Emmett.
Sung by Ronnie Drew in a gruff monotone it tells the story of an educationally challenged Irish male whose life goes from bad to worse.
The song derives its chorus words from the more up-tempo "Highway of Regret" by Don Anthony and Ralph Stanley.
"In Walked Bud" is a 1947 jazz composition by Thelonious Monk.
Dylan only ever performed the song in live concerts during the period immediately following the release of the Another Side of Bob Dylan album in 1964.
The song is considered a barbershop quartet standard and was used as the signature song of popular big band bandleader leader Harry Lawrence "Tiny" Hill.
The lyrics are about wars described by two opposing views: one follows guerrilla members and the other follows mercenary warfare.
58th Filmfare Award Best Lyricist — Amitabh Bhattacharya
The song is said to have been inspired by Daisy Greville, Countess of Warwick, one of the many mistresses of King Edward VII.
Lennox embarked on a solo career in 1992 with her debut album, Diva, which produced several hit singles including "Why" and "Walking on Broken Glass".
The eighth track from Nekfeu's debut studio album Feu, it is produced by Nekfeu himself and DJ Elite.
The cover art is in the public domain.
According to McCartney, they "drifted apart" after he talked to Jackson about getting a "raise" and Jackson did not act on it.
It was written and composed by Henry S. Sawyer and produced by McKinley Music Co. in 1914.
With Jagger on lead vocals, Richards sings back-up and plays electric guitar along with Mick Taylor, and Charlie Watts plays drums.
"The Love that Faded" is a song by Bob Dylan.
The song was written by Pete Graves.
The song deals with fictional person Petronella from Plaskeby, and the theme is trying to be happy in all conditions and weather.
In support of the album, Rihanna embarked on her first worldwide concert tour, the Good Girl Gone Bad Tour.
Battle Cry of Peace is a World War I era song composed by William Donaldson and written by Henry T. Bruce.
The staff received an angry letter from a Vietnam veteran because of a flashback scene depicting the fatal shooting of a Vietnam soldier.
The radio promo was only released in Poland.
Written and sung by keyboardist Rick Davies, it is the longest song Supertramp ever recorded clocking in at 16 and a half minutes.
The title of the song refers to the service flags people would place in their windows during wartime.
The song is often recorded as "Poor Old Joe", including by Paul Robeson.
Gerdes Folk City was a music venue in the West Village, part of Greenwich Village, Manhattan, in New York City.
The Athole Highlanders Farewell to Loch Katrine is a popular Scottish bagpipe march in 2/4 time composed by William Rose.
The single version has sparse instrumentation: guitar and arco bass.
Frank Ocean's outro has been split into a separate track, titled "Frank's Track", which appears after "Wolves" on the track list.
It's one I wish I'd written, that."
Harry Connick, Jr. covered it in 1999 on his album Come by Me.
"Abdel Kader" is an Algerian traditional song made famous by the Algerian raï artist Khaled.
Bjørndalen first competed in the Olympic Games at the Lillehammer 1994 Winter Olympics, held in his home country of Norway.
The song is a mid-tempo pop ballad about a love lost to distance or, as fans have speculated, death.
While on Warped Tour and AP Tour in 2009, they performed the song live and got a good response.
It is usually accompanied by a sequence of gestures that mimic the words of the song.
The book notes that "An eighteen-year old black girl, in prison for murder, sang the song and the first stanza of these blues."
Although the intended documentary film was not completed until 1949, Guthrie's songs were recorded in Portland, Oregon in May 1941.
This version appears on Nirvana's 1994 album MTV Unplugged in New York.
"The Song of the Marines" is a song composed by Harry Warren with lyrics by Al Dubin.
"Ding Dong Bell" or "Ding Dong Dell" is a popular English language nursery rhyme.
"London Bridge Is Falling Down" is a traditional English nursery rhyme and singing game, which is found in different versions all over the world.
Gilbert had written the lyrics for the 1912 song "Waiting for the Robert E. Lee".
The song is heavily inspired by the high fantasy legendarium of author J.R.R.
For this version was also released music video directed by Abigail Portner.
One of the band's most popular songs, its relaxing pace and serenading guitars have made it a fan staple.
A remix of the song appeared on Ono's 2001 album Blueprint for a Sunrise.
The release of the album was preceded by the release of two singles.
In 1991, Miller's recording of "Moonlight Serenade" was inducted into the Grammy Hall of Fame.
The song received acclaim from music critics, who praised Mendler's vocals and the song's pop influence.
The song was first seen on Sinatra's 1967 album The World We Knew and also made his 1968 Greatest Hits album.
Janovitz points to the following lyrics to support this assessment:
"Needles and Pins" is an English language proverb and nursery rhyme.
Over the course of the series, the opening theme was performed by many artists:
"Yet Another Movie" is the sixth track, along with "Round and Around" on Pink Floyd's 1987 album, A Momentary Lapse of Reason.
"You Know Better Than I" is a song from the 2000 direct-to-video film Joseph: King of Dreams.
Linkin Park performed the album in its entirety at the Download Festival on June 14, 2014.
"Henry Martin" is a traditional Scottish folk song about Henry Martin, a seafarer who turns to piracy to support his two older brothers.
It appears as the tenth track on their 1968 studio album Friends.
Along with "Born Under a Bad Sign" and "Crosscut Saw", "The Hunter" is one of King's best-known and most recorded songs.
The earliest sheet music identifies it as performed by the Welch, Hughes & White's Minstrels.
The lyrics are by Louis Bousquet and the music by Camille Robert.
In Lynne's version the song is called "Honey."
It became popular in the first half of the 20th century, one of the hit songs that typified the Roaring Twenties.
"Mediterranean Sundance" is the third track on Elegant Gypsy, the second album by Al Di Meola.
The song, with lyrics in Russian and music by band members Sergey Zhukov and Aleksey Potehin, appears in the band's 1998 album Sdelai pogromche!.
Det kimer nu til julefest is a Danish Christmas carol.
Besides Harrison, the backing musicians include Leon Russell, Pete Ham, Klaus Voormann and Jim Gordon.
In March 2010, "My Hands" debuted on the UK Singles Chart at number 145.
Although not released as a single, the song peaked at number 52 on the Billboard Hot 100.
A comprehensive list of even the best known performers and composers of love songs would be a large order.
In 1968 the song was also included on her album Från Jazzbacillen till Balladen om det stora slagsmålet på Tegelbacken.
On Valentine's Day of 2013, a music video for the song was released.
Carey parted with Columbia in 2000, and signed a record-breaking $100 million recording contract with Virgin Records America.
In 1986, the track won the annual Zlatý Triangel awards show as Best Video.
In 1965, Sly Stone released a single, Buttermilk that copied the 2120 South Michigan Avenue riff and overall sound.
The Bozner Bergsteigerlied is one of the two unofficial hymns of the South Tyroleans, the other being the Andreas-Hofer-Lied.
The album also marked the final appearance of original Styx guitarist John Curulewski who left the band  abruptly following the release of Equinox.
After the release of Paradise, the song charted in the United Kingdom and France.
Members of the Western Writers of America chose it as one of the Top 100 Western songs of all time.
The song first emerged in embryonic form on the self-titled 1971 live album Grateful Dead.
Cat Power covered the song in 2000 and her version was featured in the movie Juno.
"Old Rosin the Beau" is an American folk song popular in the 19th century, probably of British or Irish origin, first published in Philadelphia during 1838.
Bose, Aandhi Aayi" is a Hindi song composed and sung by Ram Sampath, with lyrics by Amitabh Bhattacharya for the 2011 Hindi film Delhi Belly.
It was first published in the 1695 Swedish Hymnal.
Most of them are, like Supergirl, women with powers similar to those of Superman.
It is based on fellow traditional British song "Here We Go Round the Mulberry Bush".
"Do the Evolution" is a song by the American rock band Pearl Jam.
Faith is the debut solo studio album by the English singer George Michael, released on 30 October 1987 by Columbia Records and Epic Records.
The album was released on October 25, 2005 by Serj Tankian's label Serjical Strike.
I Wanna Be Loved was the title track of an album by Dinah Washington with Quincy Jones and His Orchestra in 1962.
Lyrically, this song has many literary references, including Lewis Carroll's Alice in Wonderland, George Herriman's Krazy Kat, and Dame Edith Sitwell's "Polka".
The musicians Nigell Hendroff at Guitar Workshop and Rolf Wam FJell at Drum Workshop
It has entered the UK Rock chart at number 33, although it hasn't been released as a single.
"Fireball" is a song by American recording artist Dev, released as a promotional single.
"Nite Flights" is a song written by American singer-songwriter Scott Walker under his given name Scott Engel.
"’O sole mio" is a globally known Neapolitan song written in 1898.
In their sorrow, the one's left behind,
"On Ilkla Moor Baht 'at" or "On Ilkla Moor bar t'at" is a folk song from Yorkshire, England.
The song is played following each Eagles touchdown at home and as part of pre-game festivities before the playing of the national anthem.
"Bengali in Platforms" is a Morrissey song from his debut album Viva Hate.
The next most popular version was made by Jimmy Dorsey which reached the No.
As Carl Sandburg wrote in his book The American Songbag:
The song was then released seven months later as an promotional single on 24 May 2012 through recording label Industry Sound.
The origin of the melody is unknown.
"Chinatown, My Chinatown" is a popular song written by William Jerome and Jean Schwartz in 1906 and later interpolated into the musical Up and Down Broadway.
is a song written in October 1962, with lyrics by Noël Regney and music by Gloria Shayne Baker.
"California Feelin'" is a song written by Brian Wilson and Stephen Kalinich in the early 1970s for American rock band the Beach Boys.
The song samples Smokey Robinson's quiet storm recording "Will You Still Love Me Tomorrow", and is themed lyrically to lust and heartache.
"Betcha Gon' Know" is a song by American singer and songwriter Mariah Carey, from her twelfth studio album Memoirs of an Imperfect Angel.
It was written by Andrew Lloyd Webber and was Tim Rice and produced by Felton Jarvis.
The song remains one of Paxton's best-known compositions.
It also appeared as the theme in the orchestral score in John Barrymore's 1926 picture The Sea Beast.
It is the second international collaboration between Despina Vandi and German band Schiller.
The three verses move forward in time from the past, to the present, and, finally, the future.
"; Stephen Holden of Rolling Stone magazine described it as a "clever Lennonist diatribe".
The words have been credited as being written by Fred Godfrey in 1917 to music composed by Robert Kewley.
The English lyrics were used on the November 11, 1969 recording by Frank Sinatra, on his 1970 album Sinatra & Company.
The song's erotic nature was explicit for then-1976 standards.
The song initially appeared on the Saturday Night Fever soundtrack in a version by Yvonne Elliman, released in November 1977.
"Jane Says" became the band's first chart entry on the Alternative Songs chart, peaking at #6.
The result left is a nearly instrumental piece with the words "child" and "father of the man" sung over the chorus.
"Rhyme or Reason" is a song from Eminem's eighth studio album The Marshall Mathers LP 2.
"Smokin' On" is a song by American rappers Snoop Dogg and Wiz Khalifa, from the soundtrack Mac & Devin Go to High School.
It is the final track on her second album The Wild Heart, released in 1983.
"All of This" was briefly considered to be the album's fifth single, but the idea was shelved when the band broke up in 2005.
The song describes riding a donkey into the snow to gather plum blossoms and hearing the chiming off bells.
It is a blend of other songs, including "The Goddamned Dutch".
The recording by Bing Crosby was the B-side of the Victor Young version in 1957, on Festival SP45-1274 in Australia, and was a joint charting success.
This song is near the end of the musical, where the secondary characters Will Parker and Ado Annie Carnes decide to get married.
G Harmonic Minor over D Phrygian Dominant
I got so bored with my homework
Many pro-independence movements emerged after the break-up of the Russian Empire and fought in the war.
The song has also been covered by the Pixies and released on the B-side of their single "Velouria".
Upon the release of Talk That Talk, the song debuted at number 80 on the singles chart in South Korea.
The band's live performance on an edition of the German Beat Club shows Mackay playing the organ part, with Ferry on rhythm guitar.
The tongue-in-cheek lyrics are based on the cliché of men always wanting sex, warning girls not to fall for their false promises of true love.
The song was released in the United Kingdom as a digital download on 17 September 2012.
Harrison said the song was about "what happens to naughty boys in the music business".
Musically the album is a R&B album that incorporates hip hop soul elements.
Steiner is a linguist and demonstrated this interest in 1991 with her album Far Afield: Songs of Three Continents.
The George Aloe gave chase and defeated the French ship, whose crew were shown no mercy because of the fate of the crew of the Sweepstake.
The song runs over six minutes in length.
In 2000, a remix version credited to Different Gear versus the Police reached No.
Van Dyke Parks was also present at the recording session, but it is unclear what, if anything, played by him was used for the released version.
Iggy claimed he got idea for the song from reading "The Right Stuff" at a local bookstore.
The words are as stupid as I could get ‘em," Hazlewood retorted.
The following single, "Get Up and Jump", was the first to be released as a radio only single.
Al Kooper adds upfront Mellotron string sounds to the chorus of the song.
Her recording even charted at Svensktoppen for 11 weeks between 4 June-13 August 1978, peaking at second position.
"Dear Doctor" is a song by English rock and roll band the Rolling Stones featured on their 1968 album Beggars Banquet.
The chorus is his farewell to his parents and "sweetheart":
Of a little house upon the hill
Robin Hood and Little John is Child ballad 125.
The song was composed by Zrinko Tutić and Alka Vuica, and was sung by Tatjana Matejaš, commonly known as "Tajči", in the Serbo-Croatian language.
There is also an alternate version in the Netherlands sold only at the Pinkpop '84 festival on June 11, 1984.
Dylan first recorded "Idiot Wind" in New York City in September 1974 during the initial Blood on the Tracks sessions.
"Pello Joxepe" is seen by some as an example of anticlericalism.
The song has been recorded by numerous artists and is considered a jazz standard.
According to Billboard Magazine, Island Records intended to release the song as the fifth single from the band's second album.
"Robin Hood's Birth, Breeding, Valor, and Marriage" is Child ballad 149.
Nas has attributed the song "Streets of New York" by Kool G Rap as one of the song's primary influences.
The fifteen-second orchestral prelude to "Nights in White Satin" opens with an excerpt from "(Evening) Time to Get Away."
The song was included on Carey's 2014 tour, The Elusive Chanteuse Show.
Toya is the self-titled debut studio album from American R&B artist Toya, released August 7, 2001 on Arista Records.
Since the mid-1990s popular styles have further expanded the definition of the genre.
Yaakov Lemmer partnered with the others to contribute to the project vocally and through acting.
Oldham" -- Oldham being the surname of the Rolling Stones' then-manager/producer Andrew Loog Oldham.
Firth of Fifth is a song by the British progressive rock band Genesis.
An extended version is featured on Billy Ray's eleventh studio album, Back to Tennessee.
"Up With the White and Gold" is a fight song at the Georgia Institute of Technology.
"If I Can't Dance" is a song by British recording artist Sophie Ellis-Bextor for her third studio album, Trip the Light Fantastic.
Lehrer wrote that he did not know Russian.
Also, Gertrude Ederle, the first woman to swim across the English Channel in 1926 was popularly known in the press as "Queen of the Waves."
"Mere Sapno Ki Rani" is a popular Hindi song from the 1969 Bollywood movie Aradhana.
"Tabloid Junkie" is a pop song performed by American recording artist Michael Jackson.
"Who's Lovin' You" is a Motown soul song, written in 1960 by William "Smokey" Robinson.
A teaser for the video surfaced and was quickly removed online in October 2010, to later appear again in early 2011.
Duty to country has cost one his all,
The song also gives a lyrical background of the album's protagonist.
The song is part of the B-side medley.
"Fire on the Mountain" was performed in concert by the Grateful Dead 253 times between 1977 and 1995.
At the close of voting, it had received 163 points, placing 5th in the 23-strong field and qualifying Lithuania for the final.
I just don't know how to get there anymore."
"One Step Closer" is the ninth track of U2's eleventh studio album, How to Dismantle an Atomic Bomb.
The Beatles rehearsed "I Me Mine" at Twickenham Studios in January 1969.
Arthur F. Tate composed the song and Eileen Newton wrote the lyrics.
Due to its context on release, commentators view "World of Stone" as a plea from Harrison for tolerance from his critics.
The song was also used as theme song for the Sveriges Radio programme Karusellen back in the early 1950s.
The song then grew into a sprawling epic allegory about vanquishing the oppressive "powers that be".
Though there is much speculation about the identity of King Cole, it is unlikely that he can be identified reliably as any historical figure.
Heavy metal lyrics and performance styles are sometimes associated with aggression and machismo.
That same year the album was inducted into the Grammy Hall of Fame, along with Jackson's Off the Wall album.
"Día Especial" is a Latin pop ballad performed by Colombian singer Shakira from her album Fijación Oral Vol.
In November 2009 Enya released the album The Very Best of Enya.
The Korean version was recorded by R&B trio Solid, which was released in Korea as a bonus track of the original soundtrack album.
The song had even greater success when Patsy Cline covered it in 1963.
Del Shannon's recording featured a distinctive yodel by the artist, popularly used in some country music of the time.
The song became a bestseller for the tenor John McCormack.
The song resolves a minor subplot, although the conflict between Jud and Curly has yet to be resolved at that point.
Yvette Giraud recorded a French version called “Un homme est un homme”.
On June 15, 2016, Jimmy Page spent hours on the witness stand testifying.
The song begins in a slow tempo with acoustic instruments before introducing electric instruments.
The song is a lullaby by a mother, from the parish of Gartan in County Donegal.
Larz-Kristerz recorded the song on the 2004 album Stuffparty 2.
The song is unique on the album in that it features only vocalist Colin Meloy with acoustic guitar accompaniment.
मेरा जूता है जापानी, ये पतलून इंगलिस्तानी
The song was first performed at the 12-12-12 benefit concert by the four, and was released on December 14, 2012, through YouTube.
"Oceania" is a song recorded by Icelandic singer Björk for her sixth studio album Medúlla.
It is her second single to top the US Mainstream Top 40 airplay chart.
The song became one of the most covered of 1953.
"Raining Blood" is a song by the American thrash metal band Slayer.
Leonard Feather added lyrics, which were recorded by Anita O'Day in 1962 and later by several other prominent vocalists.
"Paper Doll" was a hit song for The Mills Brothers.
The song was co-produced by Phil Spector and recorded in London.
The song is normally credited to Art Noel and Don Pelosi in 1939.
It eventually peaked at number 27 in its third week on the run.
Because the song was filled with suggestive lyrics pertaining to male genitalia, Capitol Records initially opposed the idea of including it on her record.
Noman Ejaz won Best Actor for portraying the promising character in Bari Aapa.
Zajdi, zajdi, jasno sonce is a newly composed Macedonian folk song written and composed by Aleksandar Sarievski.
As a newcomer it directly entered 5th position at Trackslistan at Sveriges Radio P3.
It is the opening track on Morrison's 1970 solo album, Moondance.
"Pause" was used to promote the Zumba fitness program.
On the cover of the sheet music are flowers framing the title of the song.
It has a Roud Folk Song Index number of 3753.
In addition, the song peaked at number two on the UK Singles Chart in a remixed version.
Significantly more complex than his other works for prepared piano, Sonatas and Interludes is generally recognized as one of Cage's finest achievements.
Ekbar biday de Ma ghure ashi is a Bengali patriotic song written by Pitambar Das.
It was certified triple-platinum in Australia, double-platinum in the United Kingdom, and gold in the United States.
"Like a Surgeon" is a song recorded by American recording artist Ciara.
In October 2006, Newman performed the song on The Colbert Report after being interviewed by Stephen Colbert.
"Best Imitation of Myself" is a song from Ben Folds Five's 1995 self-titled debut album.
It is dedicated to the Motherly Love.
The song lyrics look back upon school with nostalgia, wishing the old classmates a "Merry Christmas".
"Ever Ever After" appears as a voiceover following the film's climax.
It was written by Timbaland along with protégé Walter Millsap III and Candice Nelson, while production was helmed by the former.
Dr. John appears on piano, and his voice can be heard sporadically throughout the track.
It was written by all four members of the band for their fifth studio album, Mylo Xyloto.
It was released as the second single of the album.
"I Wanna Pick You Up" is a song written by Brian Wilson for American rock band the Beach Boys.
Bessy Bell and Mary Gray are "twa bonnie lassies", the subject of one of the Child Ballads.
"Attitude" is a song by the British rock band The Kinks, released on their album, Low Budget.
It was written by Aguilera, Dwayne Abernathy, Candice Pillay and co-written and produced by Alex da Kid.
Tea knows no segregation, no class nor pedigree
Jagger uses a half-hearted rap delivery for some lines, saying at the time, "I'm not a great rapper...
"New Test Leper" is a song by R.E.M., included on their tenth studio album, New Adventures in Hi-Fi, which was released in 1996.
It was written and produced by Madonna, Avicii, DJ Dahi, and Michael Diamonds, with additional writing by Arash Pournouri, Carl Falk, Rami Yacoub, and Savan Kotecha.
Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band", the penultimate track.
However, the first sentence is actually "Oye como va mi ritmo", meaning "Listen to how my rhythm goes."
Critics also noted that the ballad was heavily influenced by the 1980s R&B and soul music, adding that it has a Philadelphia soul vibe.
"Big Fat Bass" is a song recorded by American singer Britney Spears for her seventh studio album Femme Fatale.
"Whipping Post" is a song by The Allman Brothers Band.
Several critics compared the song to the previous track on the album "Cockiness", which also consists of sexually explicit lyrics.
The version released on The River was recorded at The Power Station in New York in January 1980.
"Popular" is a song from the Tony Award-winning musical Wicked.
"Bella ciao" is an Italian partisan song which originated during the Italian civil war.
It is thought to originate from the Tudor period.
As clear as the stars in the sky
There are two recordings of Allegro, the original cast album and a studio recording released in 2009.
The song is composed by music director Pritam, while the lyrics are penned by lyricist Amitabh Bhattacharya.
Amidst the recorded speech is a young boy's voice saying "sometimes afterwards they still like each other, and sometimes they don't."
The song was produced solely by Timbaland and recorded in various locations in the United States.
Although not released as a single, the song reached #35 on the Billboard Mainstream Rock Tracks chart.
The song was later recorded by The Doobie Brothers, who included it on their 1972 album, Toulouse Street.
"Pyarge Aagbittaite" is a KannUrdu song from the 2012 Kannada film Govindaya Namaha.
"Bernardine", often misspelled "Bernadine," is a 1957 song that was written by Johnny Mercer.
Hum hum från Humlegårn is a song written by Ragnar Borgedahl and recorded by him on the 1974 album Hum hum från Humlegårn.
The poem concludes with specific advice of charity and compassion, to avoid the various trials of the afterlife.
The song was written by Cuomo, Josh Alexander and, Billy Steinberg, and peaked on the Slovakia chart IFPI at number seventy-nine.
"Johnny Angel" is a song written and composed by Lyn Duddy and Lee Pockriss.
The album included the Billboard charts singles "Gangsta Luv" and "I Wanna Rock".
The name was trademarked by Detective Comics, Inc. to prevent competitors from using it.
The song was produced by Griffin Boice.
The song contains lyrics about Brown telling a woman to leave the nightclub with him.
The song is an uptempo rock track with elements of blues and gospel.
"Best Mistake" is a song by American recording artist Ariana Grande that features American hip hop recording artist Big Sean.
She says: "Ryan and I were looking at pictures of them and I was saying how one of them looks like my dad.
In 2002, Wood released a concert DVD titled Far East Man, which included a live version of the track.
Lawsuits involving the owners of the plane, Rivera's estate, and family members of those on board with Rivera were filed
The styles and provenance of the songs are strikingly diverse.
Dylan wrote, for the most part, new text resulting in a four bar phrase verse with the fourth phrase acting as a refrain.
It contains all nine of the original Led Zeppelin studio albums remastered from the original analog tapes.
It would often be paired with "Scarlet Begonias" during live performances, producing lengthy musical excursions.
However, for the first time, being released in 2010 on the Gombitová's duets compilation Duetá issued by OPUS.
"You Can Leave Your Hat On" is a song written by Randy Newman and appearing on his 1972 album Sail Away.
The elephants bolted in terror from the flaming, squealing pigs, often killing great numbers of their own soldiers by trampling them to death.
A recording by the Hollies was issued in Britain on the same day as Rubber Soul and peaked at number 20 on the national singles chart.
Morphine was first isolated between 1803 and 1805 by Friedrich Sertürner.
"National Emblem", also known as the "National Emblem March", is an American march composed in 1902 and published in 1906 by Edwin Eugene Bagley.
The song was produced by Joey Gardner.
"Watch n' Learn" received predominantly positive reviews from music critics, with many of them praising its composition and sound.
"Little Caesar" is a song by the American hard rock band Kiss, featured on their 1989 album Hot in the Shade.
The song was set to the music of Edward Elgar's Pomp and Circumstance March No.
Mildred Bailey and Mary Martin both charted with the song at no.
In 1942 Lionel Hampton and His Orchestra recorded the song with a tenor saxophone solo by ninteen-year-old Illinois Jacquet.
A music video compilation, entitled Alapalooza: the Videos, was released the following year and contained four videos, only two of which were from its eponymous album.
Recently, Caymmi's granddaughter Alice also began a musical career.
The sheet music cover featured an illustration by Andre De Takacs.
In the United Kingdom, by HMV, on 78 rpm in June 1949, with the flip side "Forever and Ever"
"Breadfan" is a heavy metal song originally recorded by Budgie, appearing on their 1973 album Never Turn Your Back on a Friend.
The name refers to the Grand Vizier of the Ottoman Empire, who was the first minister of the Sultan.
It was written by Kevin Jonas, Joe Jonas and Nick Jonas, with production helmed by Jon Fields.
A live version of the song was included on the band's live album LeftRightLeftRightLeft.
The song was also written by McCartney, although it is credited to Lennon–McCartney.
The title is an allusion to a Dylan number from two years prior: "Bob Dylan's Dream".
What's Going On was an immediate success upon release, both commercially and critically.
"Don't Back Down" is a song written by Brian Wilson and Mike Love for the American rock band The Beach Boys.
Its lyrics address love, ageing, and abandonment.
In the movie, it was sung by Nikolai Kryuchkov and Boris Andreev.
Charlie Pattons " Shake it and break it" with the line:
It became one of his signature songs.
The final track, "Now More Than Ever," is a single-verse reprise of the suite's opening song, "Make Me Smile."
In 1983, Geisel said, "It is the book I'm proudest of because it had something to do with the death of the Dick and Jane primers."
The sheet music can be found at Pritzker Military Museum & Library.
Under her picture is a car and soldiers.
The song is sung by librarian Marian Paroo to "Professor" Harold Hill toward the end of Act Two.
At the time that she died, Athene Hariades was working as a teacher of English and Drama at the Hellenic College of London.
"Hey Negrita" is a song by The Rolling Stones that appeared on their 1976 album Black and Blue.
I"m Wastin' My Tears on You" stayed at number one for six weeks with a total of twenty weeks on the chart.
In 2004 it appeared on Hurt No More, Winans' second album.
"Does Anybody Hear Her" is a song recorded by Christian rock band Casting Crowns, released by Beach Street Records, Reunion Records, and Provident Label Group.
"Diana" is a song by English-Irish boy band One Direction from their third studio album Midnight Memories.
It was then later recorded in Japanese by singer Kumi Koda in 2009 with differing lyrics.
"September in the Rain" is a popular song by Harry Warren and Al Dubin, published in 1937.
Have you ever heard your captain call
Foley's recording also went to number one on the country chart and stayed at the top spot for three months.
It has a Roud Folk Song Index number of 3101.
"Jungle Fever" was banned by the BBC, who took exception to the song's heavy breathing and moaning.
"Norwegian Wood" is a song by the English rock band the Beatles.
It was released as the sixth and first promotional single off her album.
}} "Reuf" is a song by French hip hop artist Nekfeu featuring English musician Ed Sheeran.
"Give Me My Arrows And Give Me My Bow" is a ballad written and composed by Samuel Lover in 1848.
"(The) Girl Friend of the Whirling Dervish" was a novelty song written by Harry Warren, Al Dubin, and Johnny Mercer.
The song samples the 1979 song "Spoonin G Rap".
American entertainer Pat Boone, who recorded the song in 1962, sang the English lyrics written by Ervin Drake.
Taylor wrote it while overseas recording for the Beatles' label Apple Records, and the song's themes reflect his homesickness at the time.
In addition, the recording features an overdubbed horn section comprising Tom Scott and Chuck Findley.
The lead single "Dirrty" was met with criticism and controversy due to its sexual music video but was an international hit on the charts.
The follow-up "Beautiful" was praised by critics and garnered chart success worldwide.
The song features a primary hip hop influence, as well as elements of rock, electronica and ska.
It mentions the station's then-Head of Music, Aiden Day - "He picks all the hits they play/to keep you in your place all day".
This was used as the B-side to his single "Bell Street Blues" on Decca Records.
It contains interpolation of the 1987 single "The Way You Make Me Feel" by Michael Jackson.
"Dame Tu Amor" peaked at number 31 on the US Billboard Hot Ringtones chart in 2006.
It was released as a digital single on April 28, 2010.
"Visions of Paradise" is a 1968 song by the progressive rock band The Moody Blues.
The album is certified 2x platinum with 2,030,000 copies sold.
Then is when I sit and dream of you
Stani, stani Ibar vodo, is a famous Serbian song.
This tune, known variously as “Haste to the Wedding,” “Come Haste,” “Rural Felicity” and even “The Rules of Felicity”.
At that show, Marky Ramone joined them onstage to perform cover versions of "R.A.M.O.N.E.S."
"Died" is a song by Alice in Chains and the final one recorded with vocalist Layne Staley before his death in 2002.
The album was also included in the book 1001 Albums You Must Hear Before You Die.
The chorus of "Outta My Head" was compared to the works of Australian singer Kylie Minogue and German singer Cascada due to its Eurodance style.
The song was one of the biggest hits of 1977.
"Fall Dog Bombs the Moon" is a song written by David Bowie in 2003 for his album Reality.
It first appeared on their second studio album, Idlewild South, released on Capricorn Records.
The video has since been parodied and referenced repeatedly in other flash videos.
football song that sung by Derek Warfield.
He speaks in the voice of a person learning the true meaning of life, that, as the title suggests, time waits for no one;
He was told that at the time he was admitted, he had perhaps only a few weeks of life left in him.
The Sunset Sound studio reverb room was also used to add reverb.
Serbian and Croatian versions have almost the same lyrics, and both Serbs and Croats like to see the song as their own.
"I'm Blue, I'm Lonesome" is a song by bluegrass icon Bill Monroe.
Cherry re-recorded the song for his album, There Goes My Everything, in 1968.
It sold over one million copies and was awarded a gold disc.
"Over the Rainbow" is a ballad, with music by Harold Arlen and lyrics by Yip Harburg.
"Dig a Pony" is a song by the Beatles, originally released on their 1970 album Let It Be.
"One Horse Town" is a song by Elton John with lyrics written by Bernie Taupin.
Rise Up Singing contains words, chords, and sources to 1200 songs.
Lead vocals on the single were sung by Marilyn McCoo.
The song, a collaborative effort between Usher, Terry Lewis, Salaam Remi, and Rico Love, tells the story of a "tortured soul" in a "volatile" relationship."
It was released as a promo single for the album, but got little to no airplay.
It replaced the original song sung by Maria and Captain Georg von Trapp called "An Ordinary Couple".
The song consists of a number of unrelated verses, one of which comes from an old folk song – "Shinbone Alley":
A previously unreleased version of the song was included in Duane Allman's box set.
This inspired him to write a song that Haldeman set to music.
It was recorded at MSR Studios and Honeywest Studios, both located New York City.
Tito Cortés recorded a version which included lyrics.
The version on the Purple Rain album is slightly cut; a longer version of the song exists.
It appeared on Live From Scotland Volume 1, The Lads among heather, and The Corries 21st anniversary concert.
The film was directed by Steven Spielberg and stars Leonardo DiCaprio and Tom Hanks, with Christopher Walken, Martin Sheen, and Nathalie Baye in supporting roles.
This song has a notable solo of the guitarist Allan Holdsworth.
The song was most famously featured in Heaven Can Wait and in Valentino with words of parody by Ken Russell, performed by Chris Ellis.
It was written by Jeff Buckley and Gary Lucas, and was first introduced on his EP, Live at Sin-é.
"Old MacDonald Had a Farm" is a children's song and nursery rhyme about a farmer named MacDonald and the various animals he keeps on his farm.
"Leather-Winged Bat" is a well-known English folk song about a collection of "birds".
Lyrically it talks about substance abuse and the yearning for a long lost love.
The song relates the tale of a group of space explorers who embark on what is, from their perspective, a year-long voyage.
Only during its final production stages would the song then be reduced and assembled into a coherent structure.
"Let's Go Away for Awhile"  [sic] is an instrumental composed and produced by Brian Wilson for the American rock band the Beach Boys.
"Sweet Sue, Just You" is an American popular song of 1928, composed by Victor Young with lyrics by Will J. Harris.
In 1987, he was posthumously inducted into the Songwriters Hall of Fame.
"I'm So Tired" is a song by the Beatles from their double-disc album The Beatles.
Both of these sources are now deposited in the Royal Irish Academy, Dublin.
It is the fourth track on the band's second studio album, Live Through This, released on April 12, 1994 on Geffen Records.
"Song to Woody" was written by American singer-songwriter Bob Dylan and released on his debut album, Bob Dylan, in 1962.
Mitchell was reunited with her daughter, Kilauren Gibb, in 1997.
However, she does not appear in the video, in which her vocals are lip-synched by Dana Patrick.
The version in castellan or was performed by Marco T, winning Colombian performer Elvis tribute festival in 1995
Richard “Didymus” Washington plays marimba while producer Jimmy Miller lends support on percussion.
"Leave It Alone" is a song written by James Mercer and Brian Burton of the American alternative rock band Broken Bells.
The group is made up of two of Garner Eckler's nephews, Greg Eckler and Mike Fletcher.
The song relies heavily on Brian Eno's synthesizer collection and techniques.
Reeves claimed that he had taught Rodgers how to yodel as they traveled together in the 1920s.
Megan Washington's version was also used for an Australian TV advertisement for promoting Virgin Australia in 2012.
III" is a song by Scottish recording artist Emeli Sandé, from her debut album, Our Version of Events.
It is one of the best known songs by Ramones.
The song was used in the 1995 film Casino starring Robert De Niro.
The song became a worldwide number-one hit.
"Ne me quitte pas" is a 1959 song by Belgian singer-songwriter Jacques Brel.
For the Miracles' version it serves as a rare lead for Claudette Rogers Robinson, instead of the group’s main lead, Claudette's husband, Smokey Robinson.
Diane Keaton performed the song in Woody Allen's movie Radio Days.
The single's commercial success funded Aguilera's debut album from RCA, in addition to gaining her credibility amongst established writers and producers.
The single artwork uses the CD and double DVD cover of Japonesque, which was used exclusively through Recochoku stores.
A recording of Dylan performing the song in September 1971 was released on the Bob Dylan's Greatest Hits Vol.
"Round and Round" is a song written and recorded by American indie rock band Imagine Dragons for their major label debut EP Continued Silence.
The song has been a regular feature at Numan's live shows since his first tour in 1979, and appears on the majority of his live albums.
"In 'One Drop,' Marley asserts that he does not want 'devil philosophy' he wants the 'teachings of His Majesty.'
"Fly, Eagles Fly" is the fight song of the Philadelphia Eagles of the National Football League.
In 1994, songwriter Crystal Cartier alleged that Jackson, Bottrell and Riley had plagiarized "Dangerous".
A live version of "Tea in the Sahara" appeared as the B-side to "King of Pain" in Britain and "Wrapped Around Your Finger" in America.
Other dishes mentioned include "scones that are filled with peanut mousse" and "strawberry ice enshrined in rice with bits of tunafish".
The Doubleclicks released a crowd-sourced music video, featuring segments filmed by women within the geek community, that went viral and received over a million views.
"Beware of Darkness" is a song written by English musician George Harrison and originally released on his 1970 solo album All Things Must Pass.
A download can be obtained at TDRS Music.
"With Bowie, you're spoilt for choice when it comes to sci-fi-inspired songs," observed Tim Wheeler of Ash.
Smith appears on the recording, delivering a hard-to-decipher spoken monologue, while Harrison's lyrics similarly reflect the comedian's penchant for zany wordplay.
It is sung at the close of the first act by the Mother Abbess.
32 on the Billboard 200, and was certified Gold by the Recording Industry Association of America.
This has not been explained by Rush.
The album cover depicts the shapes from a Shape-O, a children's toy made by Tupperware.
"Coming Back to Life" is a song from Pink Floyd's 1994 album The Division Bell, and is credited solely to David Gilmour.
Redford was nominated for his own Golden Globe and won the New York Film Critics Circle Award for Best Actor.
"Silly Ho" is a song recorded by American R&B girl group TLC for their third studio album FanMail.
This latter version features an all-male back-up group on backing vocals.
"Dream Brother" is the last track on the original release of Jeff Buckley's album Grace, the penultimate on later releases of the album.
Patsy Montana embellished the simpler musical pattern of the original, especially with her yodeling.
Beautiful People sampled the instrumental in 1994 for their album If 60's Were 90's.
There is a video of live rehearsal footage at Nothing Studios in New Orleans from 2000 on the Nine Inch Nails website.
Like "Happy Days Are Here Again", it became a Tin Pan Alley standard.
Its final version was released on December 20, 2014, with five other tracks on the iTunes store, as "an early Christmas gift" to avoid more leakage.
Any place of existence, either of humans, souls or deities, outside the tangible world is referred to as otherworld.
It features four men in different service uniforms with an inset photo of either Jack Connors, Jr. or Bailey and Cowan.
"Easy Now" is a pop rock song, written by the British rock musician Eric Clapton.
"Note to God" is partly an emotional prayer.
In 1970 the song was recorded by Ginger Baker's Air Force, with vocals by Denny Laine, and reached No.
"Come Fly with Me" is a 1957 popular song composed by Jimmy Van Heusen, with lyrics by Sammy Cahn.
Dylan attempted to record the song for his 1966 album Blonde on Blonde.
First recorded by Bob Wills and The Texas Playboys in 1947, it reached number one, staying on the charts six weeks.
We recorded onto cassette tape, I took it home, and the melody came into my head for the verse, and it became a song.
It's a pebble beach leading steeply down, and the sea at that time is an incredibly deep blue of the Pacific.
The duodenum, in anatomy, is part of the digestive system and connects the stomach to the small intestine.
The song appears on the deluxe version of the duo's second studio album, Caracal.
It was written by Knowles, Angela Beyincé, Solange Knowles and the Bama Boyz and produced by the Bama Boyz and Knowles.
The song appears in the 2013 film American Hustle and on its soundtrack.
It was one of the first singles of his solo career, but it had no effect on the charts.
It was released as a CD single by Carmody and Kelly in 1993 but failed to chart.
The most famous version is by Frank Sinatra, released on his 1966 album of the same name.
It has a Roud Folk Song Index number of 17770.
Its clapping riff has been noted as similar to that of the Queen 1977 single "We Will Rock You".
The song was popular in Britain during the Second World War.
Reason, or an aspect of it, is sometimes referred to as rationality.
It was released on May 19, 2014 via Valory Music Group.
The song was nominated for Best Song at the 53rd Grammy Awards; in this category and the Academy Award it lost to "The Weary Kind".
It was introduced by Ben Vereen in the Broadway production and performed by Northern Calloway in London.
"I Will Never Let You Down" is a song by British singer Rita Ora, released on 31 March 2014, through Roc Nation and Columbia Records.
According to the United States Census Bureau, the 2014 estimated population of the Yuma MSA is 203,247.
The song is reprised at the end of the show, with lyrics that reflect on the final events of the story.
The song was a commercial success, certified gold by the RIAJ, and became a part of the track list for Hamasaki's 14th studio album, Love Again.
Elvis Presley sang another version of the song in the 1961 film Blue Hawaii.
Vocalist Sarah Brightman begged Morricone to allow her to put lyrics to the theme to create her own song, "Nella Fantasia".
Although credited to Lennon–McCartney, it was primarily a John Lennon composition, with Paul McCartney assisting with the lyrics and arrangement.
"Beyond The Reef" is a song written by Canadian Jack Pitman in Hawaii in 1948.
It was mentioned, along with the lyrics, in Blackwood's Magazine of that year.
"War All the Time" is a song by American emo band Thursday.
He also delivered a heartfelt rendition at "The Concert for New York City" at Madison Square Garden on October 20, 2001.
It was first recorded on Monk's Blue Note Sessions in 1951.
Kesha wrote the song about a boy that she had been stalking and who had refused to call the singer.
The movie version is sung by B. J. Baker.
A version of the song performed by Page and The Black Crowes is on the album Live at the Greek.
There is also a remix by Laidback Luke.
The musicians who performed on "Milestones" are:
The song was inspired by a boy China Forbes met at a party, who asked for her number and then never called...
Flor Pálida is a song written and performed by Cuban singer-songwriter Polo Montañez.
You see, the Citadel is New York and the song is a message to us -- Taffy and me."
It has 11 songs, two of which are less than twenty seconds long.
Crosby recorded the song again for his 1954 album Bing: A Musical Autobiography
The song became a worldwide number-one hit.
Lyrically, Aguilera compares her love to office supplies, from paperclips to rubber-bands.
However, the album received multiple Grammy Award nominations, including one win.
Her version of the song, produced by Greg Kurstin, musically quotes the Christmas standard "Carol of the Bells" and was met with positive reviews.
Gaga speaks the first verse and parts of the chorus of the song faux-German, as the name of the song is German.
"Caribbean Clipper" is a big band and jump song recorded by Glenn Miller and his Orchestra in 1942.
It was sung by Atif Aslam, Hadiqa Kiyani, Faiza Mujahid and Ali Javed.
"The Beautiful Ones" is the third track on Prince and The Revolution's soundtrack album Purple Rain.
Although the narrator states that "hearts may ache," they are proud to fly the service flag because of what it represents.
Hunter's recording of the song was a number one hit on the US Billboard R&B chart in that year.
In the annual special Schroeder plays a series of WWI songs on his piano, one of which was "Pack Up Your Troubles in Your Old Kit-Bag".
"No Time" is a song by Canadian rock band The Guess Who.
"Make It Rain" is a song by Northern Irish musician Foy Vance.
There are at least 15 Finnish versions by different artists of the song, the first and most popular by Olavi Virta, in 1956.
However, the darkness of the tale soon becomes apparent.
Robin Hood and the Valiant Knight is Child ballad 153.
5" is a mambo and jive dance song originally recorded and composed by Cuban Dámaso Pérez Prado in 1949.
It was released, along with the album on 24 November 2014.
This article describes a discography, released by Russian alternative rock band Jane Air.
In 1990 the song was recorded by Lisbet Jagedal & Pools orkester on the album Lisbeth Jagedal & Pools orkester.
It was the opening track on the UK version of that album and was included on the US version as the second track.
An earlier 1967 recording of the song, performed by Dylan and The Band, was issued in 1975 on the album The Basement Tapes.
The song is a re-recorded version of "Merci", an instrumental track from Stromae's second studio album Racine Carrée.
"If I Were Your Woman" is a song recorded by Gladys Knight & the Pips.
Lizzy Grant" also alternatively titled simply "Lana Del Rey".
"Push and Shove" is a song by American rock band No Doubt, released as a promotional single from their sixth studio album of the same name.
Called "Singing Water Baby Blues" it has such lyrics as:
The song is similar in mood to the band's signature tune "Free Bird".
This article is on the American songwriter.
It screened out of competition at the 2013 Cannes Film Festival.
The anthem has been translated into both Hungarian by Ritoók János and Romanian by Dan Dănilă.
It was first released as the B-side of the "Street Fighting Man" single in August 1968.
It was one of Rush's first attempts at writing an epic progressive rock piece, along with "The Fountain of Lamneth."
Two adjacent volcanic cones in the Auckland volcanic field, New Zealand, were referred to by 19th-century European settlers as Bessy Bell and Mary Gray.
"That song had a big impact on me, particularly learning how to sing in that high falsetto, the way Jagger does.
It tells the story of a shipyard worker from the Clyde who goes to fight with the International Brigade in the Spanish Civil War.
North Koreans typically know the lyrics by heart.
To promote the album, Ciara recorded "video shorts" for some songs, including one for "Read My Lips", which lasts for 1:30.
The wreck inspired a famous railroad ballad, which was the focus of a convoluted copyright lawsuit but became seminal in the genre of country music.
It is strongly associated with summer, as well as primary and secondary education.
It replaces the previous march Heart of Oak.
There are two versions: a demo version sung by Hugh Grant and Drew Barrymore and the final version sung by Hugh Grant and Haley Bennett.
It has a Roud Folk Song Index number of 7925.
But Englishmen unite when they're call'd to fight
It is titled after a refrain at the end of the song.
The three songs were "Ain't That a Shame", "Goodnight Now", and "Need Your Love."
The lyrics are written in first person, and mentions the saint "Joan of Ark" once by name.
From 1961 to 2015, nearly 220,000 Americans have joined the Peace Corps and served in 141 countries.
Harry Pease and Howard Johnson wrote the lyrics.
The song features Alanis Morissette on background vocals and one verse, and Béla Fleck on the banjo.
English rock group Led Zeppelin performed it as the opening number during their 1970 UK and European tours.
The song was remixed by 3p for the double remix compilation Sacrilege in 1997, reduced to a three-minute, verse-chorus-bridge pop piece.
"Blåveispiken" is a Norwegian song with lyrics by Arne Paasche Aasen, and melody by Kurt Foss and Reidar Bøe.
He composed his songs on piano, despite the fact that he was born without fingers on his left hand.
"5:15" is a song by American recording artist Bridgit Mendler, from her debut studio album, Hello My Name Is....
It peaked number twenty seven in the Billboard 200 chart and number twenty nine in the R&B Albums chart.
Van Dyke Parks worked on the arrangement, which was his first paid gig after moving to California.
"Young and Beautiful" was released on the Jailhouse Rock EP in October 1957..
I was standing by the ocean and there was a breeze and the words kept coming to me.
Louis Jordan and the Tympany Five recorded a clean version in 1938.
Aretha Franklin recorded the song for her album Aretha.
Archie o Cawfield is an Anglo-Scottish border ballad , number 188 of the Child ballads.
I was talking to a Canadian guy, and he said, "Oh, I'm sure it wouldn't interest anybody outside of a small circle of friends."
This is Sirma's first poem Guldnasas; a Sami love story which he sang to spur on his reindeer so that they will run faster:
"It's a Long, Long Way to the U.S.A" is a World War I era song released in 1917.
"Handy" focuses on a character who brags about his abilities regarding various handyman tasks.
Hari Tuma Haro is an Indian bhajan or devotional song by Mirabai, the 15th-century poet saint.
Alongside Birgisson, Lewis was involved with the song's vocal production.
He was known to sing and whistle as he went about his work cleaning the steam engines.
Wait until you get that "Go" command
"Julen är här" is a Christmas song written by Billy Butt and Sölve Rydell, and intended to be sung as a duet.
Produced by Flood, Brian Eno, and The Edge, it was released on 5 July 1993 on Island Records.
YG also released multiple mixtapes leading up to the album's release including the Just Re'd Up series, and the DJ Mustard-produced 4Hunnid Degreez.
He said, “Let's get together.” We got together, and bonded, and he started sending me lyrics.
The pair end up in a pub where the wife becomes “a bit the worse for wear”.
Albert Lee also covered the song on his album Hiding, with backing harmonies sung by Don Everly.
"Child Is Father of the Man" is a song written by Brian Wilson and Van Dyke Parks.
The pair, married at the time, wrote it as a plea for peace during the Cuban Missile Crisis.
"It's No Game" is a song written by David Bowie for the 1980 album Scary Monsters, featuring lead guitar played by Robert Fripp.
However, there is also a view that the issued version of the song was an edit of both takes, with at least one splice.
On December 4, 2012, the album was made available to listen to in its entirety for a week before its release.
It vies with Goldman's "Chimes of Liberty" as his two most popular compositions.
The album includes the song "We Are One", which is one of the few music videos he has ever made.
The song has since been featured on compilations such as The Platinum Collection, Collection, Elements Boxset and Elements – The Best of Mike Oldfield.
These lyrics were sung by Justin Hayward, and describe the sad situation of the narrator's typical Sunday afternoons.
Dylan subsequently performed the song in electric arrangements -- notably during his 1966 world tour and in 1976 during his second Rolling Thunder Revue tour.
The live version is usually sped up in tempo, combined with stage pyrotechnics and a rising drum platform.
It was a number one hit in Italy, Germany, Austria, and Switzerland, and sold over five million copies by the end of 1967.
The top 3 videos would be picked by the band, and the winning entry would appear on a future single DVD, which never materialised.
It was first recorded by Buddy Holly and the Three Tunes in 1956 and was re-recorded in 1957 by Holly and his new band, the Crickets.
The best-known version of the song, recorded by Doris Day, charted in 1952.
The Bonny Lass of Anglesey is Child ballad 220.
The lyrics were written by Robert Hunter and the music composed by Jerry Garcia.
The song was one of their representative works.
"The Battle of Garvagh" is a traditional Irish song of the nineteenth century.
Many of this reprint had a red star shaped sticker placed on the front showing that the selling price was in fact 3/6.
In 1992, it was re-recorded and remixed by house music producer Steve "Silk" Hurley, and features actress Kim Basinger alongside a re-recorded Ozzy Osbourne on vocals.
"Little Arabella Miller" is a popular English nursery rhyme often sung in pre-schools.
The English version is entitled "The Day and the Time" and features on the album Oral Fixation Vol.
That could ease you and cool you and cease the pain
"Back to Black" was inspired by Winehouse's relationship with Blake Fielder-Civil, who had left her for an ex-girlfriend.
The lyrics are about travelling from the Earth's colder places to its hotter places.
It has been covered by bands such as Racer X, Fu Manchu, The Smashing Pumpkins, Sebastian Bach and Fighting Gravity.
USA Today categorized the song as fun dance music and called it creatively motivated.
It was also revived by Bobby Darin in 1961, reaching the charts again that year.
The song tells the story of a "sex fiend" named Nikki who seduces the singer.
The song is acoustic, like most of American Beauty.
It is one of the few U2 songs without Bono on lead vocals, instead featuring country singer Johnny Cash.
Wärst du doch in Düsseldorf geblieben is a song written by Georg Buschor and Christian Bruhn and made famous by a 1968 recording by Dorthe Kollo.
It was written by Brendon Urie, Sam Hollander, and Jake Sinclair and was produced by Sinclair.
"Burning Ground" is a song written by Northern Irish singer-songwriter Van Morrison and included on his 1997 album, The Healing Game.
Harrison and Russell performed the song at the Concert for Bangladesh in 1971, and Eric Clapton performed it at the Concert for George in 2002.
The song was published by Waterson, Berlin & Snyder Co. of New York, New York.
Credited to Mick Jagger and Keith Richards, "Sway" is a slower blues song and was the first song recorded by the band at Stargroves.
No, I think 'hey' will get past.
Dave Matthews Band has performed "Pig" since 1998, up through the summer of 1999.
Louise Rand Bascom, in an essay in the Journal of American Folklore Apr-June 1909, dated the song back into the 19th century.
The tap-on bridge played only on the fifth-string is an example of pitch axis theory.
The song is a promotional single from Ronson's fourth studio album Uptown Special, released on 13 January 2015.
It is a "melancholy love song that depicts a self-professed crazy girl who's just ditched her drug addict loser of a boyfriend."
He goes on to explain, "I had a nasty flu when we cut this one, and my voice had gone pre-laryngitic.
Waterson, Berlin & Snyder, Inc. of New York City published the song for both voice and piano.
I got down to thinking about myself.
The song was written in the Urdu language by lyricist Shailendra and sung by Mukesh.
"Mala Vida" is the second single by French rock group Mano Negra, appearing on their 1988 debut album Patchanka.
Written and produced by Carey, Tricky Stewart and The-Dream, it is a club music song which includes a marching band in its instrumentation.
Like the rest of the John Wesley Harding album, the music of "I Dreamed I Saw St. Augustine" uses spare, unobtrusive musical accompaniment.
The B-side to "Sugar Town" was "Summer Wine", a popular duet featuring, and also written by, Hazlewood.
Both his versions have appeared on CD.
"Good Morning Good Morning" is a song written by John Lennon and recorded by the Beatles, featured on their 1967 album Sgt.
"Hurricane" was released as a digital single on October 11, 2014.
In 1963, The Lettermen released their version as a single, which peaked at number 98 on the Hot 100.
It was released as a promotion single in Brazil in 1996.
It has been described by critics as a key development in Springsteen's songwriting career.
The song appears on his third studio album Lasers.
El Triste was included on his third studio album.
Änglahund is a song written by Hasse Andersson, and recorded on his 1982 album with the same name.
"Lord Baker" is the name of a traditional folk song, sung in English and recorded and collected by Tom Munnelly from the singing of John Reilly.
Players also received a spy watch and "an introduction to 12 foreign languages".
The second single, "Chasing Pavements", also won the Grammy Award for Best Female Pop Vocal Performance at the 51st Annual Grammy Awards.
The song was written by Lovato and former lead singer of The Academy Is..., William Beckett, while production was helmed by Toby Gad.
The song was written by Carr, Gene Simmons and Adam Mitchell.
In 1997, the song was inducted into the Grammy Hall of Fame.
Nonetheless, some of the elements of the dance are incorporated in the piece.
The song chronicles the story of an unnamed American Indian warrior on the verge of defeat from the white man.
Its lyrics are the words of two young lovers who pledge their fidelity while one of them is away serving in the war.
"Blue Jeans" was recorded a number of times, including by the Premier Quartet and the Peerless Quartet.
The music video of the track features actors Aamir Khan and Anushka Sharma.
has been described as one of The Aquabats' most popular and well-liked songs, and can arguably be labeled as the band's signature song.
It became a minor chart hit in Australia in 1963.
"In Hiding" is a song by the American rock band Pearl Jam.
"Life Goes On" is a power ballad by the Italian singer Elisa, included in her album Pearl Days.
"Saint Dominic's Preview" is the title song on the 1972 sixth album of Northern Irish singer-songwriter Van Morrison.
The soldier is trying to comfort the girl and also to explain how he was the one who killed her parents.
The line For fools rush in where angels fear to tread.
Multi-reed player Roland Kirk played the flute solo.
"South Bound Saurez" is one of only two Led Zeppelin songs which Jimmy Page had no part in writing.
"Aquarela do Brasil", known in the English-speaking world simply as "Brazil", is one of the most famous Brazilian songs, written by Ary Barroso in 1939.
The song was written for the 1942 Abbott & Costello film Ride 'Em Cowboy, which included Ella Fitzgerald as a cast member.
The song prominently features a sample from Martin Luther King, Jr.'s "I Have a Dream" speech in its closing outro.
Lyrically, the song deals with a man's encounter with aliens, spiritual realizations and his state of coma after the incident.
It is a parody of the song "The Ballad of Casey Jones" and is sung to its tune.
"As Time Goes By" is a song written by Herman Hupfeld in 1931.
Composed by Arthur Sizemore and Paul Biese, with words by Haven Gillespie, it is described by the original sheet music as "a beautiful fox-trot ballad."
Two concert tours were held to promote the album, the Justified and Stripped Tour and The Stripped Tour.
Its lyrics were composed by Septimus Winner under the pseudonym "Alice Hawthorne", and its music was by Richard Milburn.
He sent the music to the Jubilee Singers of Fisk University in Nashville, Tennessee.
The sheet music can be found at Pritzker Military Museum & Library.
The song has attained classic Kiss song status, and is featured on many compilations released by the band.
58th Filmfare Award Best Male Playback Singer — Sonu Nigam
In 2010, the song was recorded by Christer Sjögren and Elisabeth Andreassen on the Christmas album En stjärna lyser i natt.
Important recordings of the piece include those by the New Orleans Rhythm Kings, Louis Armstrong, Johnny Dodds, Sidney Bechet, George Lewis.
It is the third track on his self-titled debut album, Jackson Browne, released in 1972.
The song was instantly successful upon its release.
There are also several songs that share the same tune but unrelated subject matter.
The lyrics of the ballad published in 1877 are in seven verses, with a refrain in the troll's voice.
"Priscilla" is the fifth track on Miranda Lambert's Platinum.
It was released in 1967 and is the first track on the album of the same name.
Reviewer Jonathan Lethem called the song "an achingly candid blues-plea which [provides] a rare glimpse of Bob Dylan-the-parent".
It was written and produced by Mike Will Made It and P-Nasty, with additional songwriting provided by Samuel Jean and Cyrus.
And I pray I really pray on Christmas
Near the film's end they poignantly sing one of the many versions of this song, recalling the ups and downs of their relationship.
The song conveys Dylan's appreciation of American folk legend Woody Guthrie.
It was written by Paul McCartney, although credited to Lennon–McCartney.
On December 5, 2006, Más guapa was released exclusively in Spain and Mexico.
He is typically portrayed as a personified egg, though he is not explicitly described so.
"Neighbours" is a song by The Rolling Stones featured on their 1981 album Tattoo You.
The English title therefore has nothing to do with the song as it was originally written and performed in Hawaii.
The record first reached the Billboard charts on March 3, 1950, and lasted one week on the chart, at No.
You are the Nation's pride and joy
It was featured in the 1969 film El ojo de vidrio.
"Sanctified" is a song by American hip hop recording artist Rick Ross, taken from his sixth studio album Mastermind.
It appears in the album The Strathspey King in two of the medleys, namely Bagpipe Marches and the Cradle Song medley.
"Mary's Boy Child" is a 1956 Christmas song, written by Jester Hairston.
Dylan later performed the song at Carnegie Hall on October 26, 1963; this performance is recorded on The Bootleg Series Vol.
"Odessa" is a song by the English rock band the Bee Gees, written by Barry, Robin & Maurice Gibb in 1968 and released in early 1969.
It was also included for part of the run of the 1973 revival of Irene.
In the movie itself, it appears as a dream sequence item number during another movie.
It was also featured on the 1998 Mystery Disc release.
It was written and composed by Michael Jackson and Teddy Riley.
The song is not related to "Zoom Zoom Zoom," a 1958 doo-wop single by The Collegians.
Brian originally wrote and produced the song for the band Redwood, which would later become known as Three Dog Night.
"Give It All U Got" was supposed to be the fourth single from Lil Jon's debut studio album, Crunk Rock.
This song tells a friendly, warm-hearted story about a day on the beach.
Upon the release of Lotus, the song debuted and peaked at number 158 on the South Korean International singles chart.
The song is an indie rock and rock and roll ballad with influences from jazz, country and new wave.
Others believe that it was the other way around.
"Dull Tool" was produced by Apple's long-time collaborator Jon Brion, and leaked online in November 2012, several weeks before the soundtrack hit stores on December 11.
"Sweet and Lovely" is an American popular song of 1931, composed by Gus Arnheim, Charles N. Daniels, and Harry Tobias.
The song features vocals from Lil Wayne and Swizz Beatz.
At the end of the song, Gaye responds "Hallelujah, I'm free" in a dark and somber tone.
Described as one of Chevalier's most popular works, the song was possibly written as a tribute to Chevalier's wife Florrie.
A repeat after me song is a type of song where a leader sings a verse followed by the audience repeating what he/she says.
As a solo artist, a demo version of the song was also included on Wilson's 1995 album I Just Wasn't Made for These Times.
It also became the most successful dance song of the decade in the United States.
"Under the Anheuser Bush" was a popular beer garden song commissioned by the Anheuser-Busch brewing company in 1903.
The Crosby recording was made on January 3, 1950 and was released by Decca Records as catalog number 24863.
"Spirit of Life", number 123 in the Unitarian Universalist hymnal Singing the Living Tradition, is "by far the most commonly sung UU song".
"Carmelita" is a rock song written by Warren Zevon.
"Never Gone" is a song recorded by American recording artist Colton Dixon, who placed seventh on the eleventh season of American Idol.
The marimba part is an altered version of the melody from "Turkey in the Straw".
It remains one of the best-known songs of the Irish Rovers' long career.
"One Love" is a song recorded by American entertainer Jennifer Lopez for her seventh studio album, Love?.
After opening night, the contralto playing Alan-a-Dale, Jessie Bartlett Davis, demanded a song to better show off her voice, threatening to walk out of the production.
It also appeared on their compilation albums Dial-A-Song: 20 Years of They Might Be Giants and A User's Guide to They Might Be Giants.
"Some Girls" is the title track of English rock and roll band the Rolling Stone's 1978 album Some Girls.
Frank Mula wrote the episode, and Wes Archer served as director.
The Toyes version was featured in the 2005 video game NARC.
It was broadcast on ABC during the 1960–1961 television season.
In 2014 a Brazilian company bought 12 Margaritaville Restaurants and the rights to expand the company in the U.S.
It was released on December 3, 2014, by Young Money, Cash Money, and Republic Records as the first promotional single and opening track from the album.
"Kick It Out" is a song by electronica/rock duo Boom Boom Satellites.
This song was covered by Canadian children's singing group Sharon, Lois and Bram on The Elephant Show.
On 8 June 2013, Marie Fredriksson performed the song during the wedding between princess Madeleine of Sweden and Christopher O'Neill inside the Royal Chapel in Stockholm.
’O sole mio is the Neapolitan equivalent of standard Italian Il mio sole and translates literally as "my sunshine".
The emotion of the song range between melancholy and "blissful escapism."
The song was re-released in 2005 by Rhino/Warner Bros, on the album Weird Tales of the Ramones.
"War with God" is a song on the album Release Therapy by rapper Ludacris.
The song discusses materialism in American society.
Since the song is in F# minor, Dylan must be playing a D harmonica.
The identity of the song's author is unknown, but it has been recorded by many artists in numerous genres.
I'd have one in my pocket all the time or by my ear'ole flicking it between stations.
The lyrics to "Birthday Cake" express the desire to have spontaneous sex.
Rosemary Clooney had a national easy listening chart record of this song in 1968.
It was written by composer Richard Rodgers and lyricist/librettist Oscar Hammerstein II.
In 1990, Wilson wrote of the song: "[It] was more rhythmic.
The lyrics are sung to the tune "Old Rosin the Beau."
Its first US release was on the Something New LP.
"Tryin' to Throw Your Arms Around the World" is the ninth track from U2's 1991 album, Achtung Baby.
Williams based the piece on the familiar 19th century Shaker hymn "Simple Gifts" by Joseph Brackett.
It is nearly always paired with "Darlington County" in performance.
Singer Anthony Kiedis has stated in interviews that the song is about a person's imaginative spark or inspiration.
In 1997, it was featured in the film Grosse Pointe Blank and appeared on the second volume of the soundtrack.
The song was written in 1908 while Taylor was sitting on the banks of the Blanchard River in northwest Ohio in the city of Findlay.
The lyrics describe a time when the Julbocken was still a more popular Christmas gift-bringer in Sweden than the Jultomten or Santa Claus.
"OopDeeWopDee" is a hip hop, R&B, and soul song by Casablanca Records recording group NSS16.
It has also been played in an advertisement for the PlayStation JAMPACK demo discs.
The bonus track refers to a type of energy in Feng Shui.
"If You Were Still Around" is a song by Welsh musician and composer John Cale.
'No more to part, no more of pain, the bell may now toll its warning in vain.
14th IIFA Award for Best Lyrics — Amitabh Bhattacharya
It was a popular tune with Morrison in the 1970s and he regularly performed it in concert.
Available digitally only, the low-budget recording has Brown singing new lyrics over a previously released karaoke version of the original song.
Actor Kirk Douglas appeared as the Devil in the music video.
Critical reception of the song was generally positive, with critics noting that the song was a good choice to serve as a closer to the album.
The band signed with Warner Bros. Records in 2007 and released Here, here and here in 2009 via Sire Records.
"Stockholm Syndrome" is a song by American rock band Blink-182 from the band's fifth studio album, Blink-182.
It was written by the aforementioned rappers and producers and Betty Wright sang the hook.
"Just Dippin'" is song by American West Coast hip hop recording artist Snoop Dogg, taken from his fourth studio album, No Limit Top Dogg.
According to music critic Nick DeRiso, Elton John's early song "Take Me to the Pilot" appears to be influenced by this song.
"Goodbye Cruel World" is a song by Pink Floyd.
It was made by Louis Armstrong and his Hot Seven for Okeh Records in Chicago, Illinois on May 10, 1927.
The song was released on the album Fogarty's Cove in 1976 and has since gained popularity as a drinking song, with cover versions by many bands.
"Il Pulcino Pio" is an Italian song released as a single on 18 July 2012 on Globo Records by the Rome radio station Radio Globo.
The album was conceived while the singer was busy during 2011, with the filming of her directorial venture, W.E.
"The Masterplan" was also released with the Stop the Clocks EP in November 2006.
Produced by DisneyToon Studios, it was animated by Prana Studios.
"Slipping Away" is a song by the Rolling Stones featured on their 1989 album Steel Wheels.
On 1991's Go Figure, Spirit of the West's first rock album, the band recorded a new rendition of the song.
The song is a jazz standard, and has been covered by many musicians.
"The Big Bright Green Pleasure Machine" is a 1966 song originally by Simon & Garfunkel released on their album Parsley, Sage, Rosemary and Thyme.
The studio recording features a variation on the former lyric, but subsequent live recordings feature the original.
This is most apparent during the 1983 US Festival where he made his usual changes before famously yelling "I forgot the fuckin' words".
and the 1968 film of the same name.
They are largely nonsense about a black man who boasts about his exploits.
The song is simple musically, using the chords A Major, C Major, D Major, and E Major.
"Oh, What a Beautiful Mornin'" is the opening song from the musical Oklahoma!, which premiered on Broadway in 1943.
On the album cover, Harrison dedicated the song to Paramahansa Yogananda, founder of the Self-Realization Fellowship and author of Autobiography of a Yogi.
It is included as the sixth track from his third studio album, and his first post-Pink Floyd solo album, On an Island.
The song was released as the album's second promotional single on iTunes Store and Spotify on 11 November 2015.
Henry's conscription, which in the ballad called on Cheshire, Lancashire and Derby and spared married men and widow's sons, did not do so in real life.
In the BBC documentary series "Classic Albums" about The Sex Pistols' "Never Mind The Bollocks" album Lydon further said: "That song was hated and loathed.
It is one of the songs in the DLC Guitar Hero Virtuoso Pack, available for Guitar Hero III: Legends of Rock.
"Sleepwalker" is a song that Finnish symphonic power metal quintet Nightwish made and performed during the national Finnish Eurovision Song Contest tryouts in 2000.
There are three versions of the song, of lengths 3:12, 4:20, and the extended version at 6:28.
"Shatter" is a song by the British rock band Feeder.
Brubeck's wife Iola, for whom the song was written, later wrote a lyric for the song, which led to singers such as Carmen McRae covering it.
Collins has said he has "no emotional attachment" to the song.
Production was helmed by Lukasz Gottwald, Cirkut and Dean.
"Roamin' Thro' the Gloamin with 40,000 Headmen", written by Steve Winwood and Jim Capaldi, was first recorded by Traffic in 1967 or 1968.
The tune was added in 1862 by William Batchelder Bradbury.
The song appeared in a markedly different mix on the television show than it did on The Birds, The Bees & The Monkees.
The recording includes two passages of orchestral glissandos that were partly improvised in the avant-garde style.
"The End" is a song by the American rock group The Doors.
The unrhymed lyrics sentimentally describe the love between an ageing couple: Let the last sweet years be the best in our life.
The song illustrates that although Don is Roma's sworn enemy, she may still have feelings for him.
Idas sommarvisa or Du ska inte tro det blir sommar is a song with a summertime theme.
The music incorporates a number of changes in tempo and has been praised by critics for its use of dynamics.
It first appeared on the band's rarities box set, With the Lights Out, released in November 2004.
Featuring guest vocals from rapper 2 Chainz, "Sweat" is Ciara's debut release under Epic Records after publicly asking to leave previous label Jive Records.
"Nutshell" is a song by Alice in Chains that originally appeared on the band's 1994 critically acclaimed extended play Jar of Flies.
The hit song spent five weeks at number-one on the US R&B chart and peaked at number six on the US pop chart.
Frusciante announced he was amicably leaving the band in 2009 to focus on his solo career.
Speedy West played pedal steel guitar on the recording.
So love me, love me, love me, I'm a liberal.
The song was written by Mars Lasar, Ivan Shapovalov, Martin Kierszenbaum, Valery Polienko, while the production was handled by Trevor Horn.
Diana Ross - on her album Touch Me in the Morning
And ev'ry one shouting, "Hip Hip Hooray:
"Anything She Does" was the only track from Invisible Touch that the band did not perform live on their subsequent tour.
A faster-tempo version of this song was featured in the first two Karate Kid films.
Henry Busse was a founding member of the Paul Whiteman Orchestra, joining in 1918.
However, the song was not included on the album, and Dylan's version remained unreleased until 1991.
I asked him to do it, and he said yes.
lyric as he was featured on that song.
It is an instrumental guitar solo, which starts off with an overture of various sounds from other tracks of the album before the guitar is introduced.
"Even a Fool Would Let Go" is a country song by songwriters Tom Snow and Kerry Chater.
It first appeared on their 1968 album The Kinks Are the Village Green Preservation Society.
It has a Roud Folk Song Index number of 19096.
Sine Language is a song by The Crystal Method which features the internationally famous duo, LMFAO.
Others pointed out its commercial appeal, where the single was predicted to become a summer hit alongside Jennifer Lopez's "I Luh Ya Papi".
The words behind "Hooker with a Penis" are uncharacteristically straightforward except for the title which does not appear in the lyrics.
The rest of the band kick in for a dramatic outro, fading out until Moore ends the song with the piano passage that opened the song.
The song is centered on John Paul Jones's honky-tonk piano.
"4x4" is a song by American recording artist Miley Cyrus featuring American rapper Nelly from Cyrus' fourth studio album Bangerz.
The song was written and produced by Linda Perry, who also provided all the song's instrumentation.
It is considered by many a bass guitar standard.
It has subsequently undergone various orchestrations and had lyrics added in English and in Scottish Gaelic.
Although almost completely forgotten today, A version of the song by a popular singer of the time known as Billy Murray is downloadable at several websites.
Marc Almond has also performed a live-version in English, as "A Place Full of Heartache".
make specific reference to Woody Guthrie's "Pretty Boy Floyd".
Somewhere the boys are fighting for me
It is arguably one of the most popular songs that Dylan wrote in the period immediately after he abandoned topical songwriting.
The song was produced by Cudi, alongside American record producer Dot da Genius, who provided the song's guitar solo.
Ghibli announced the film in late 2009 with Yonebayashi making his directorial debut.
The rendition of the mashup can be heard on her live album "Live: Barefoot at the Symphony."
"Johnny 99" is a song written and recorded by rock musician Bruce Springsteen, which first appeared on Springsteen's 1982 solo album Nebraska.
He was a long-time friend of Little Richard.
"Awa Whigs Awa" is a Scottish song whose theme is the aftermath of the Jacobite Rising of 1745.
It received generally mixed reviews from music critics, who cited the song to single-worthy.
This Type of Thinking is the third studio album and second major label release by American alternative metal band Chevelle.
Bill Wyman provides the prominent bass while Charlie Watts performs drums.
The song was previously recorded as a duet between Mercury and Michael Jackson along with two other songs, State of Shock and Victory.
Miguel Bosé recorded his own version of the song for the project Infancia OlvidadaInfancia olvidada in 2003.
The lyrics were written by Robert Hunter and rhythm guitarist Bob Weir composed the music.
Dylan and Tom Petty performed the song as a duet in their 1986 True Confessions Tour.
It has been alleged that Jimmy Page borrowed the descending guitar figure from "Taurus" for Led Zeppelin's signature tune "Stairway to Heaven".
The ballad too is generally thought to be relatively late in its composition, perhaps from the eighteenth century.
Among the hundreds of later recordings of this standard, the following are particularly notable.
Faubus emerges in a glare of ridicule as a mock villain whom no-one really takes seriously.
"Dance for You" reached number 78 on the Billboard Hot 100 chart, and number six on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart.
"(I'll Be With You) In Apple Blossom Time" is a popular song written by Albert Von Tilzer and lyricist Neville Fleeson, and copyrighted in 1920.
It has a Roud Folk Song Index number of 326.
Although the first word was spelled "Gimmie" on that album, subsequent recordings by the band and other musicians have made "Gimme" the customary spelling.
"Dona Dona" popularly known as "Donna, Donna" is a song about a calf being led to slaughter written by Sholom Secunda and Aaron Zeitlin.
Historical accounts of incendiary pigs or flaming pigs were recorded by the military writer Polyaenus and by Aelian.
Lewis performed "Take a Bow" at the Rock in Rio festival and on her 2010 concert tour, The Labyrinth.
She is leading troops toward a castle.
It was introduced by Jolson and interpolated in the musicals Sinbad and Bombo.
It became her breakthrough song and has since remained her signature song.
Their renditions appeared on several labels: Operaphone, Emerson, Edison, and Pathé.
This is a list of folk song collections including pioneer and notable work in collecting folk songs.
"Tuesday," representing life as it was, is gone with the wind.
It features Young playing harmonica and electronically-treated percussion.
It first became popular in the 1920s as a song in the British Boy Scouts and appeared in The Hackney Scout Song Book.
The song was written by guitarist Andy Summers and was the first one to be composed solely by him during his career in The Police.
He proposed his idea to Chris Wedge in 2006, and the project was set up at Blue Sky.
Some traditions claim it recounts an actual courtship.
The song is strikingly similar to Polish Mazurek Dąbrowskiego.
Guilty Pleasures is an album by Barbra Streisand in conjunction with Barry Gibb released in September 2005.
"Botch-a-Me" is a popular song, written in 1940.
It was intended for release as a single, but was prevented by its "scatological" lyrics.
This song is also the second track of AC/DC Live and AC/DC Live: 2 CD Collector's Edition, and is included on the Iron Man 2 soundtrack.
It is a blues shuffle instrumental in 4/4 and played at a challenging 264 beats per minute.
Ochs wrote "Draft Dodger Rag" as American involvement in the Vietnam War was beginning to grow.
Later, the song has been criticized for gloryfying child labour.
"I Will" is a song by the Beatles that was released on their 1968 self-eponymous album The Beatles.
It was included in a collection, Traditional Fiddle Music Of Cape Breton Volume 1: Mabou Coal Mines.
In the early and middle 20th century, "Cindy" was included in the songbooks used in many elementary school music programs as an example of folk music.
"And I Love Her" is a song recorded by English rock band the Beatles, written mainly by Paul McCartney.
Performances for the song transpired during The Monster Ball Tour, during which Gaga wore a mechanically controlled moving dress while singing the song.
by the Manichaeans for one of their own deities.
The song is the 6th track on Jackson’s 8th studio album Dangerous.
It was also the first released Moody Blues song written by Edge that did not involve spoken vocals.
Following the album's release, "Numb" charted on multiple charts worldwide including in Canada, the United Kingdom and the United States.
Four weeks later, for the only time in British chart history, the two versions of the same song were at number one together.
The song appeared as the B-side of Hill's top-12 hit "Gather in the Mushrooms".
The single version is from a concert at Rock am Ring.
Band members added lyrics and it was retitled "New San Antonio Rose".
The song's title refers to the city of Cologne.
It is a tall tale song which makes reference to a logger being identifiable by the habit of stirring coffee with his thumb.
The song was recorded with modernized lyrics by Hazel Dickens on the 1990 Smithsonian Folkways album Don't Mourn, Organize!
Since 1996, Chisholm has sold more than 105 million records—20 million as a solo artist and a further 85 million with the Spice Girls.
is a song by English post-punk band Tones on Tail.
The Who's Pete Townshend provided backing vocals for the recording and one of saxophonist Sonny Rollins' three performances on tracks for the album appeared as well.
A live performance of the song was also released on their early EP Recently.
Aside from Harrison's extensive contributions on vocals, guitars and keyboards, the musicians on the recording include Starr, Nicky Hopkins and Jim Keltner.
A more upbeat sequel to the song called "Mona Lisas and Mad Hatters" was recorded about 15 years later for John's album Reg Strikes Back.
Both Barry Manilow and Westlife have included the song on their albums of Sinatra covers.
For the Tom Lehrer song, see That Was the Year That Was.
The lyrics are centered on the Olza River, symbol of Cieszyn Silesia and Zaolzie.
Although a Chuck Mosley-era song, it was the second most frequently-played song during the band's live performances, behind "Epic".
"Aura" is a song recorded by American singer Lady Gaga for her third studio album, Artpop.
It is commonly referred to as "On Moonlight Bay".
El testament d'Amèlia is a popular Catalan folk song.
In this song, "Hamilton’s eye begins wandering", as he has an affair with Maria Reynolds.
McCartney dedicated the song to his wife, Linda, who had helped him get through the break-up of the Beatles.
to be = B Major with you E major
Starr has often performed it in concert with his All-Starr Band, whose second album, Live from Montreux, opens with the song.
After this line, the poems continues to describe the early morning.
It was written by vocalist and rhythm guitarist Courtney Love and lead guitarist Eric Erlandson.
Rock Like War is a song by Rustic Overtones that appears on the band's 2007 studio album Light at the End.
The song is sung in Ladino, a Spanish-derived language traditionally associated with the Sephardic Jewish community, whose ancestors lived in Spain before the 15th century CE.
Shortly after the song's release, speculation arose that the first letter of each of the title nouns intentionally spelled "LSD".
The live version was recorded at Woodstock.
Additionally, Hantz received a nomination in the 2010 Teen Choice Awards for his performance on this season.
Despite the lack of a commercial single release, the song managed to reach number 33 on the Billboard Modern Rock Tracks chart.
Joel has often tweaked the lyrics to the song at his live concerts, particularly at the Live at Shea and Coming Together concerts.
Media outlets found the picture to be "odd" and compared it to different horror films.
The song's theme is happier than most of the songs on Plastic Ono Band.
Sandese Aate Hai is a patriotic song from the 1997 movie Border, directed by J. P. Dutta.
It incorporates several instruments into its composition, most notably harps and guitar.
In 2000, Mojo ranked it 4th in the magazine's list of the greatest songs of all time.
In the original stereo release, there is an edit repeating the first two verses of the song.
Since the 1990s, it has been one of the most popular Christian songs.
A live version of the song was also released that month on In Concert at Brandeis University 10/05/1963.
The video, produced by Y. M. Movies and filmed by John Warner, features Aishwarya Rai along with Rahman.
The song is translated into Spanish under the title ¿Por qué no?.
"Oh No, Not You Again" is a song by The Rolling Stones, included on their 2005 hit album A Bigger Bang.
Miguel Bosé later included this track on the special edition of his album Papito.
As the title song, the lyrics introduce the fictional band that performs on the album.
"Fun" is a song by British alternative rock band Coldplay, featuring Swedish singer Tove Lo.
It was originally recorded by Lady Antebellum on their 2011 album Own the Night.
"Mr. Brownstone" is a song by the American rock band Guns N' Roses, featured on their debut studio album, Appetite for Destruction.
A re-issue of this album was released on April 8, 2008 with an additional song called "Shen Chi".
The composition reflects the cyclical aspect of human existence as, according to Hindu doctrine, the soul continues to pass from one life to the next.
He recorded it again with John Scott Trotter's Orchestra on March 3, 1945 and also for his 1954 album Bing: A Musical Autobiography.
As it fades out, it segues into the middle-eastern inspired violin of "Livin' Thing".
Whitford often cites it as his favorite Aerosmith song.
"This is just a tree of life.
The original version of the song appears on Harris' fourth studio album, Motion.
The song marked the fourth time Jackson and Elliott collaborated together.
At the time of the single release, Epic Records chose Nas for the radio version.
The song occurs twice at Act 1 in the musicals.
", but was altered by Foster as "My Old Kentucky Home, Good-Night!"
A version was also recorded by the British bandleader and conductor Stanley Black.
The original 1983 version of the song recorded for Murmur was internationally released on the expanded edition of the 2006 EMI compilation, And I Feel Fine...
Camborne Hill is a Cornish song that celebrates Richard Trevithick's historic steam engine ride up Camborne Hill, to Beacon on Christmas Eve in 1801.
It was in the repertoire of Groucho Marx, who would include the song with a segment he performed about fathers.
is a 1996 video game part of the Carmen Sandiego franchise.
"Only in Dreams" is a song by the band Weezer.
At Ric-Tic, the group was the label's most successful act, outselling Starr and the other acts signed.
"One Way Ticket Home" is the first song on Greatest Hits, which—despite its title—was a collection of new songs.
The Vaselines re-released the song in 1992 on the compilation albums The Way of The Vaselines: A Complete History and All the Stuff and More.
The show starred Jessie Matthews, Douglas Byng, Lance Lister, Richard Dolman and ran for 237 performances.
It was the only top-40 chart song for Phillips, who never recorded another hit.
I Left My Heart in San Francisco is an album by Tony Bennett, released in 1962 on Columbia Records as CL 1869 and CS 8669.
The Jimmy Dorsey recording, with a vocal by Bob Eberly, was released by Decca Records as catalogue number 3150.
Roffe Wikström has also recorded a version, on the 2001 album Allting förändras.
It has been recorded by many Western swing bands since.
Several different versions are known, the earliest published in 1844 by the Boston-based Charles Keith company.
"Prototype" is a song by Latvian/British singer-songwriter Viktoria Modesta.
During this time around 1932-34 Reeves met such artists as Carson Robinson, Vernon Dalhart and Frank Luther.
"Eyes on Me" is a pop ballad performed by Chinese singer Faye Wong as a love theme for the video game Final Fantasy VIII.
The song however, was not released until 1986, on the self-titled album Die Ärzte.
Along with the remastered albums, there is a companion disc with each album, consisting of previously unreleased audio tracks and alternate mixes of released tracks.
Sutcliffe died of a brain haemorrhage in 1962.
The song, produced by DJ Dahi, entered the Billboard Bubbling Under Hot 100 chart at number 19 due to high downloads, following the album's release.
Inspired by the book of the same name by Leopold von Sacher-Masoch, the song includes sexual themes of sadomasochism, bondage and submission.
Written in stages between 1937 and 1949, The Lord of the Rings is one of the best-selling novels ever written, with over 150 million copies sold.
Two months later, Harrison released her second EP entitled Sweet XVI to commemorate the release of her self-titled debut album Mýa.
Raymond Daly and Derek Warfield describe Davis's acute awareness that songs could have a strong emotional impact on people.
It is the seventh track from their self-titled debut album.
Additionally, similarities between "Can't Stop Won't Stop" and Usher's 2010 single "OMG" were noted.
Schmidt and Cor Lemaire for the 1950s television show Pension Hommeles.
"Phresh Out the Runway" received positive reviews from music critics; most of them praised the composition, production and how Rihanna interpreted the song.
It starts with the lyrics "3 5 0 1 2 5 Go!
Pushmataha County is a county located in the southeastern part of the U.S. state of Oklahoma.
"Dangerously in Love 2" is an R&B and soul ballad, the lyrics of which detail romantic obsession.
"Funtime" is a song written by David Bowie and Iggy Pop, first released by Iggy Pop on his 1977 album entitled The Idiot.
On August 29, 2013, an accompanying music video for the song was released on Aguilera's official channel.
In the United States the album peaked at no.
This issue of the album does, however, offer the original version as a bonus track.
A brief 40 second section of "The Escapist" is what begins "Life in Technicolor" making the album cyclical.
Nick Cowen from Drowned in Sound gave a positive review to the song with appreciating its narration, intense mood and guitar work.
"Sunday" is a song by Schiller, with vocals by Despina Vandi.
Journey, the House of Love, the Grateful Dead and the Church are among the other artists who have recorded or performed the track.
Warner had learned the song from Proffitt, who learned it from his Aunt Nancy Prather, whose parents had known both Laura Foster and Tom Dula.
The song was also the B-side to "You're My Best Friend".
It appeared on the compilation albums Decade and Greatest Hits.
was a Confederate catch phrase during the Civil War, often noted in Civil War histories.
Over the ocean, when were bobbin' up and down like this.
It debuted at number 10 on the UK R&B Chart.
Willoughby was regarded as a popular Protestant hero, and the lyrics commemorate his exploits in battle.
"Young at Heart" is a pop standard, a ballad with music by Johnny Richards and lyrics by Carolyn Leigh.
Gossip columnist Walter Winchell derided "Sugar Town" as having "the worst lyrics ever written in a top ten song."
Leesome Brand is Child Ballad number 15 and Roud #3301.
She is performing as Hannah Montana – the alter ego of Miley Stewart, a character she plays on the Disney Channel television series Hannah Montana.
The trial concluded June 23, 2016 with the jury finding that Led Zeppelin was not guilty of plagiarism.
The song did feature on the Kiss and BBC Radio 1Xtra playlists in the United Kingdom.
According to Urlaub, he wrote the song at age 15, in 1979.
The song was released in the United Kingdom on 17 December 2012 as a promotional single from her fourth studio album Girl Who Got Away.
"Don't Threaten Me with a Good Time" is a song by American rock band Panic!
Cool Candys also released it as a 1975 single with Hej då ha de' så bra acting as a B-side.
The version on Evans' trio album Portrait in Jazz, recorded in 1959, credits the tune to "Davis-Evans".
Through the lyrics' reference to "Ob-La-Di, Ob-La-Da", the song is also an example of the Beatles' use of self-quotation in their later work.
Remember Me is a 1998 song by Journey.
In January 2001, it was nominated for a Grammy Award for Best Pop Instrumental Performance.
"Redshirts" was written to accompany the book of the same name, written by John Scalzi.
Rodgers and Hammerstein defended their work strongly.
It has been widely recorded as a jazz standard.
The song was subsequently released as a B-side on Misia's twenty-second single "Ginga/Itsumademo."
"You Great Big Handsome Marine" is a World War I era song released in 1918.
It is the opening track for his album Low from 1977.
The Cullercoats Fish Lass was a term for a fishwife from Cullercoats, a small fishing village near the mouth of the Tyne.
First recorded by The Famous Myers Jubilee Singers in 1928.
Grande and Big Sean have performed the song live, including at the iHeartRadio theater in Los Angeles.
"Dare You to Move" was released to radio on March 2, 2004.
It is likely that the musicians had to do the same.
"Sweet Head" is a song written by David Bowie which was recorded live at Trident Studios on 11 November 1971.
"Before They Make Me Run" is a song by the English rock band The Rolling Stones, featured on their 1978 album Some Girls.
Robert Wyatt recorded a cover of the song in 1980.
"Not About Angels" is a song by English musician Birdy.
"Violins and Tambourines" is a song by Welsh rock band Stereophonics and the seventh track on their 2013 album Graffiti on the Train.
"San Antonio Rose"/"New San Antonio Rose" was the signature song of Bob Wills and His Texas Playboys.
The albums were released in chronological order, each with inverted album covers.
MTV compared its style to new wave groups like Devo.
This translates as: "Whenever I hear [the word] 'culture'...
The next version of the song was recorded on March 9 and March 14, 1968, after the Monkees had become their own producers.
The song title is sometimes given as "Hey Joe, Where You Gonna Go?"
Originally, "Elastic Love" was recorded by M.I.A., but later it was given to Aguilera.
Buffett states that he made the song "as a total satire [and] wasn't even going to put it on the album.
Stripped is the fourth studio album by American singer Christina Aguilera.
"Oh mia bèla Madunina" is a song by Giovanni D'Anzi which is an unofficial city anthem of Milan.
The song is the first in Bieber's series Music Mondays, where he released a new single every week for 10 weeks until December 9, 2013.
"Drops of Jupiter" also won an award for Best Rock Song at the 44th Grammy Awards.
The song was also performed by Date during Dansbandskampen 2008.
In the United States, by RCA Victor, on 78 rpm and 45 rpm, in 1949, with the flip side "When Is Sometime?"
One of many that were recorded and put away.” A reworked version of the song was included in Jackson's posthumous album Xscape.
The recording was arranged and conducted by Peter Matz.
"Gimme Some Truth" is a protest song written and performed by John Lennon.
More than 30 years after its release, "We're Only Gonna Die" is still a fan favorite and remains one of the band's concert staples.
Straight Outta Lynwood is the twelfth studio album by "Weird Al" Yankovic, released on September 26, 2006.
The lyrics are in the first person from the point of view of Lucifer.
"Goodbye Blue Sky" is a song by Pink Floyd.
The song plays a slow, death-laden grooves, followed by Led Zeppelin-like acoustic bass solo performed by Tony Campos beginning about five minutes into the song.
The song became a major hit for Sarah Vaughan in 1959, peaking at #7 in the Billboard Charts and #5 on the R&B charts.
It was re-released in the deluxe edition of Houses of the Holy.
"Only a Pawn in Their Game" is a song written by Bob Dylan about the assassination of civil rights activist Medgar Evers.
It is the second track on the 1980 album Back in Black.
"Breezin' Along with the Breeze" is a popular song.
Van Zant had said that he started drinking heavily to relieve the pressure of performing in front of large audiences.
", which received much enjoyment in the band's fan base.
"Working Day and Night" is a song by American recording artist Michael Jackson.
The song was in the instrumental rock style, which was becoming popular in the early sixties with bands such as the shadows.
The lyrics to the song refer to science as a cult.
Musically, "Birthday" combines deep electronic dance beats and police sirens with elements of trap music.
He was walking down the street with a stack of records under his arm, when he saw three "tough-looking biker guys" approaching.
The song features electric guitar, bass guitar, drum kit, organ, and glockenspiel, bookended by sampled monologues from friends of the band.
In Robert Ford's 'Vagabond Songs and Ballads of Scotland: With Many Old and Familiar Melodies' he writes the following in relation to the song:
Billboard ranked this version as the No.
Less than two months after their arrival, all 57 are believed to have died during the second cholera pandemic.
"Ali Bomaye" features fellow rappers 2 Chainz and Rick Ross, with production from Black Metaphor and samples "Seven Devils" by Florence and the Machine.
Buffett wrote the song under the pseudonym Marvin Gardens, derived from a property on the original Atlantic City version of the Monopoly game board.
"When It's Moonlight On The Prairie" is a popular song published in 1908 with lyrics by Robert F. Roden and music by S.R.
Ahcik(Armenian: Աղջիկ Aghjik), Kilise Kapısı(tr) is a popular folk story in Turkey, about an impossible love between Turkish man and an Armenian girl from Elazığ.
"With a Little Help from My Friends" is a song by the Beatles, written by John Lennon and Paul McCartney from the album Sgt.
"Unconditionally" debuted on October 16, 2013 as the record's second single.
American singer-songwriter Michael Bolton recorded a pop version of the song for the film's end credits.
It was released as a promotional single in Spain in 2000.
Gourdine, Wright, Collins, and Strain went to the studio and recorded "I'm On The Outside".
"Yayo" is a song by American singer and songwriter Lana Del Rey.
It was introduced by Danny Kaye in the musical film Hans Christian Andersen.
A music video for the song was uploaded to Vevo on September 25, 2012.
"Manuelita la tortuga" is an Argentine song by María Elena Walsh about a female tortoise.
Zidishu, translated as Bannerman Song or Scion Book, was a popular Chinese folk ballad song during the Qing dynasty, mostly composed and performed by Manchu people.
It was released in April 1986 as the first single from Mattea's album Walk the Way the Wind Blows.
Originally Springsteen was going to keep the song off the album because it was so idealistic.
Not specifically written for Norwood, the song was one out of several songs Ocean crafted with production duo Midi Mafia.
The chorus is what Corporal Plank and his squad sings, directed to Kaiser Wilhelm:
Don't Cry Frenchy, Don't Cry is a 1919 song written during World War I.
The lyrics tell of a slave who has escaped to the Northern United States.
The song was included on Pearl Jam's 2004 greatest hits album, rearviewmirror.
He's got no clothes—he's got no "tin"
The flatted second identifies the musical mode as Phrygian.
"Sleazy" charted in both Canada and the United States peaking at forty-six and fifty-one, respectively.
"Spanish Harlem Incident" was also covered by Dion on his 1978 Return of the Wanderer album.
It was first published in the 4th edition of the Little Red Songbook in 1911.
It was also included on the set list of The Labyrinth tour in 2010.
It was notably covered live by Tool and released on their Salival live DVD/CD box set.
It first appeared in print in the 1908 Blueprint, Georgia Tech's yearbook.
The song was recorded by him on the EP record Carl Öst sjunger till gitarr, released 1966.
An electronic and synthpop song, its lyrics describe Stefani's impatience in a long distance romance, which she finds lustful.
Tavener said of Hariades: "Her beauty, both outward and inner, was reflected in her love of acting, poetry, music and of the Orthodox Church."
The song is the third promotional song sent to radio stations, but was not released as a commercial single eligible for international Singles charts.
Elis Regina also recorded it for her album Falso Brilhante.
"Foxy's Hole" is a nursery rhyme for children that is played as a game.
Close to the vessel the lifeboat rocked
"Kilkelly, Ireland" is a contemporary ballad composed by American songwriter Peter Jones.
It was released in November 2004, in the UK and February 2005, in the United States.
"The Popular Wobbly" first appeared in the 1920 edition of the Little Red Songbook published by the Industrial Workers of the World.
Other Townshend albums that contain the song include I Am and Jai Baba.
The sheet music can be found at the Library of Congress and Pritzker Military Museum & Library.
The video for "I Don't Like" went viral with over 28 million views on YouTube, before being taken down.
This arrangement is put through several changes, incorporating a heavy guitar break, which stretches the length of the song more than seven and a half minutes.
Beginning with this line, "Morning Glory" primarily describes the morning before the sunrise.
"Pepys' Diary" is a comic song written and performed by Benny Hill.
The song was shot in a set in Hyderabad in 2008.
"Goin' Home" can be heard in the happening sequence of 1967 film Col cuore in gola.
It was left unreleased until 1982, when it was included on the album Coda.
"Mala Vida" was an early hit for Mano Negra and became a staple of the band's live shows and has been covered by several artists.
He and Bing Crosby dueted on the song on Crosby's Philco Radio Time show on February 12, 1947.
"Send Me No Wine" is a 1969 song by the progressive rock band The Moody Blues.
In an interview with the magazine Rolling Stone, Richards said:
Queen of the Waves is a French hymn sung by French fishermen seeking protection from storms.
It is the eighth track on his first album, Empty Sky.
Recording it, using it as a B-side for the 1976 single "Då gör vi så", the song became successful for Sven-Ingvars.
It was written by Javed Akhtar, composed by Anu Malik and sung by Roop Kumar Rathod and Sonu Nigam.
It is one of their first attempts to branch out into dance or electronic music, and the song resembles music by Sly and the Family Stone.
The song is the second track on the Bob Dylan album Desire.
The song was written by 50 Cent, K. Risto, J. Cameron, and V. Cameron for 50 Cent's commercial debut album, Get Rich or Die Tryin'.
So it's just my luck to have the watch with nothing left to do
In addition to obvious references to the flag, it incorporates snippets of other popular songs, including one of his own.
The band had even begun work on a music video for the song.
Nina Sky is the self-titled debut studio album by Puerto Rican-American girl group Nina Sky.
Its title is likely an allusion to the phrase Non Angli, sed Angeli.
In the original 1998 Broadway production it was performed by the character Tracy Samantha Lord, played by Melissa Errico.
Betts named the song after a headstone he saw in Rose Hill Cemetery in the band's hometown of Macon, Georgia.
Hill performed it on his show The Benny Hill Show in 1958, 1971 and 1989
Little Eyes or Little Lize is a folksong that is popular in Cornwall, England, UK, although it originated in America.
The song received negative reviews from music critics.
Released as the British second single from the album Zenyatta Mondatta, the song was written by Sting as a comment on how people love simple-sounding songs.
Sainte-Marie said of the song: "I wrote 'Universal Soldier' in the basement of The Purple Onion coffee house in Toronto in the early sixties.
"Somebody Put Something in My Drink" is a song by the Ramones from their 1986 album Animal Boy.
The song also has casting of Rajendra Kumar as Magistrate Gopal Verma.
The Jagger version has since become a well-known bootleg recording.
In Soundgarden's version, the original lyrics are replaced by words of protest by Chief Seattle, which fit the metre of the song.
On some of the tracks regular bass player Andy Bell handled guitar, while Gem Archer and Noel Gallagher contributed bass to other songs.
This track also reached the top 10 in Australia and New Zealand and charted in the top 40 in Canada and United States.
Awake is the second studio album by heavy metal band Godsmack, released on October 31, 2000.
It was released June 20, 2000 on Tiger Style Records in the United States, and Wichita Recordings in the UK.
The Skipper’s Dream is a Geordie folk song written in the 19th century by T Moor, in a style deriving from music hall.
There are three verses, each ending with the phrase "isn't she lovely, made from love".
One of the band's most famous songs, it originally appeared on the 1988 album Labour Day.
The river also actually caught fire in 1969, an event which helped raise awareness of water pollution.
The character is in need of someone who shares the work with him and has been through the same difficulties in their life as he has.
The tune was first recorded 17 May 1932.
The piece has also become a fiddle standard with recordings by musicians such as Johnny Gimble and Bennie Thomasson.
Initially released in 1971, it was later rerecorded, given an album release in 1973 and a single release in 1975.
In some cases the wine is never bought for the investor.
It was initially released as B-side to the "No Face, No Name, No Number" single in 1968 and also appears on their second album Traffic.
It was written by Adele, and Max Martin and Shellback who also handled its production.
It was one of the most popular songs of the early 20th century.
The dance is one of the major audience-participation activities during screenings of the film and performances of the show.
As with all nursery rhymes, there are many versions.
In the playlist of the album, this song is the second.
The film's track has since been recorded as a standalone song by many different musicians from around the world.
The album produced three singles, one of which charted at number ten in the UK, and one peak at number one in different European charts.
"Drunk on Love" is a song by Barbadian recording artist Rihanna, from her sixth studio album Talk That Talk.
At 6 minutes and 58 seconds, "Ride Across the River" is the fourth longest song on the album.
"I'll Stand by You" is a 1994 song recorded by The Pretenders from their sixth studio album, Last of the Independents.
On the Bay of Biscay is a World War I era song.
They were tried and banished for life to Botany Bay.
On the January 9, 2017 episode of Late Show with Stephen Colbert, Billy Joel performed the song with Stay Human, the show's house band.
Git, is a song from Candan Erçetin's sixth studio album Kırık Kalpler Durağında.
Following its release, several media outlets reported it to have been inspired by her former relationship with Travie McCoy.
The song was covered by the band The Jesus and Mary Chain and is featured on the CD version of Barbed Wire Kisses.
"Children" is a song by English recording artist V V Brown, initially released as the lead single from her shelved second studio album Lollipops & Politics.
The record was a great success, and sold 100,000 items.
The original demo version of the song was written by Jackson and Greg Phillinganes.
The song appeared also on the soundtrack album of the 2007 movie Sooloilua.
"Poor Tom" is a song by English rock group Led Zeppelin.
Me and David and Joan didn't think anything of it, that's for sure."
"Flowers of Edinburgh" is a traditional fiddle tune of Scottish lineage.
It also appeared in the movie of the same title two years later.
It also achieved minor commercial success, peaking at number 83 on the UK Singles Chart.
The song was first published in 1929, and over 100 performers have recorded versions of "A Cottage for Sale."
The music for the piece was written by guitarist Robbie Robertson.
In 2009, it was covered by The Black Crowes on Warpaint Live.
At the time he was working on the second Blackfield album.
"Kabhi Kabhie Mere Dil Mein" is a song from 1976 Bollywood movie Kabhi Kabhie directed by Yash Chopra.
The dumb songs are the hardest to write.
"Don't Let It Bring You Down" is the seventh track on Neil Young's album After the Gold Rush.
Newman biographer Kevin Courrier believes that "Burn On" was an influence on "Cuyahoga."
Originally intended to be the fourth single of the album, the release was cancelled due to a disagreement between Madonna and her recording company.
The song was premiered during Björk's performance on the Summer Olympics ceremony, and was later included on the setlist of the Volta Tour.
The song's style was closer to the 1971 song "Everybody Clap" by Lulu.
The lyrical content of the song centers around the protagonist saying they need more time to confess how perfect their significant other is.
It was one of the highlights of the Stones' 1998 live album No Security, where Dave Matthews took up lead vocals with Jagger and Richards.
It was written by Hugo Peretti, Luigi Creatore and George David Weiss.
The song's publisher at the time, Shapiro, Bernstein & Co., reportedly sold over one million copies of the song's sheet music.
There are versions produced by The Who and by Shel Talmy.
In 1997 Ronnix recorded the song for the album Ronnix.
"The concept of the song was that the media turned the airwaves into a garbage dump."
During recording, the bass drum had a "few" extra microphones, to capture the "most definition possible".
The song's lyrics make reference to the lead character's emotions as she discovers her paintings being sold in a supermarket in the middle of the film.
Set in six different countries, the music video of "Poovukkul" features actor Prashanth and actress Aishwarya Rai, a previous Miss World winner.
I had to chop it down to whatever it ended up being.
An R&B song, "Cold Case Love" has an instrumentation infused with a simple piano pattern, thumping bassline, violin and viola strings and electric guitar licks.
"We Don't Talk Anymore" is a song produced and performed by American singer Charlie Puth from his debut studio album Nine Track Mind.
There are at least 20 songs, she observes, that claim to be Foster's last, and it is unknown which is indeed his last.
In its first week of release, the album entered the Oricon Albums Chart at number one with over two million units sold.
It also charted inside the top-twenty in Finland and on the Canadian Hot 100 chart.
The B-Side to the original single was "Walk Straight Down the Middle," a bonus track on the CD and cassette editions of The Sensual World album.
Lyrically, the song is rumored to be another diss song to Lil' Kim, following "Roman's Revenge" and "Stupid Hoe".
But the Eventide broke down and they couldn't recreate the original effect.
"Inca Roads" is the opening track of the Frank Zappa and The Mothers of Invention 1975 album, One Size Fits All.
"Ermutigung" is a poem and song by the German Liedermacher and lyricist Wolf Biermann.
The song is in the so-called "jungle style" and includes the clarinet and muted trumpet typical of Ellington's work.
The song has become representative of Mexican folk or relative to Mexico worldwide.
The "Brazilian Flag Anthem" is a song dedicated to the Brazilian flag.
It rose to the number 1 position for the last two weeks in September and remained in the Top 40 until November 9.
"Any Day Now" is a popular song written by Burt Bacharach and Bob Hilliard in 1962.
The video has more than five million views on YouTube.
"Roc Me Out" is a song recorded by Barbadian recording artist Rihanna for her sixth studio album Talk That Talk.
It was the leading track from the band's fourth studio album Kikuuiki, released in March 2010.
It was written by Ester Dean, Maureen Anne McDonald and Rihanna together with its producers Stargate.
The solos incorporate both the E major scale, E minor Pentatonic scale, and E Minor Blues scale.
It is the second official track by the group to feature him on lead vocal.
Dean Martin recorded it for an album in 1957.
"All I Do Is Win" is a song from DJ Khaled's fourth studio album Victory.
It was released to Radio Disney as promotion for Cyrus' second album of the same name.
In the US Atco Records issued both mono and stereo versions of the song on each side as a promo single.
Sire Records chief Seymour Stein called it "the 'Stairway to Heaven' of the Eighties", while co-writer Johnny Marr described it as "possibly our most enduring record.
The song was ranked as having the 24th best guitar solo ever by Guitar World readers.
Perry stated that she was inspired to write the track after a night of wild partying and streaking.
Lord Thomas and Fair Annet is an English folk ballad.
A live performance by Larz-Kristerz was included on their 2012 video album Dansen inställd pga krogshow.
It was released in 1918 under Columbia Records.
It was written by Lavigne with her husband Chad Kroeger and David Hodges.
The song was also compared to Rosemary Clooney's "Come On-a My House".
is a French song dedicated to Marshal Philippe Pétain.
The song was originally recorded during the Time Out of Mind sessions, but it was ultimately left off the album.
Lyrically, the album is inspired by Aguilera's previous life events including her marriage with Jordan Bratman in 2005.
"The Lament for Owen Roe" is a traditional Irish ballad dating from the nineteenth century.
The National Hockey League's Anaheim Ducks play it after each home goal since the 2005–06 season.
Martin's musical illustration of the aftermath of these attacks features atmospheric orchestral swells, trills and climaxes to evoke the despondency afflicting the land.
The track was written by Bowie and produced by Bowie and Tony Visconti.
It was written circa 1973 and first appeared in their album released in 1974, Live From Scotland Volume 1.
Rodgers and Hammerstein risked the entire South Pacific venture in light of legislative challenges to its decency or supposed Communist agenda.
Some of her methods are arsenic poisoning, stabbing and appendectomy.
"Dazed and Confusion" was further adapted later that year by guitarist Jimmy Page's "New Yardbirds" group for their debut album, Led Zeppelin.
It is known as a gospel standard.
Hommage à J.S.Bach is the first record of the Slovak art rock band Collegium Musicum.
The Brown Girl is Child ballad 295.
It includes 6 studio albums, 10 singles and 20 music videos.
The album version is the live performance from the rooftop concert which took place on 30 January 1969.
is one of Yankovic's few studio albums not to be certified either Gold or Platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America.
A cover by Ray Price peaked at number 60 on the Billboard Hot Country Singles chart in 1986.
It was released as the third song on the track-listing of West's 2007 mixtape Can't Tell Me Nothing.
It reached its highest international peak in the Canadian Hot 100, at number thirty-six.
It was released as promotional single on February 14, 2013 in United States and February 19, worldwide.
"Something Wonderful" is a show tune from the 1951 Rodgers and Hammerstein musical The King and I.
The song includes the memorable refrain, "Well I heard the news, there's good rocking tonight!"
In the film, Ross and Hope's characters are a divorced couple who encounter each other aboard a ship.
The song is structured where soloists can sing a verse, and then the group can join the chorus/refrain portion after each verse.
The march became more famous after its transformation by Viktor Hutsal who merged the march with the folk song about Doroshenko and Sahaidachny.
It features musical contributions from Money Mark, Eric Bobo and Amery "AWOL" Smith and vocal contributions from Q-Tip and Biz Markie.
The rhyme also became the basis for the song '"Christmas Is a-Comin'", re-written by Frank Luther and performed by Bing Crosby, among others.
It samples "If Tomorrow Never Comes" by The Controllers.
Like many Kinks songs, it is stylistically influenced by the British Music Hall.
Foss and Bøe recorded the song in 1950.
In 2016, Billboard magazine named Pet Shop Boys the No.
Władysław Daniłowski was a Polish and American pianist, composer and singer.
192 is the three-digit telephone number for the police in Macedonia.
The song explores topics such as the troubles produced from being famous, social concerns and features numerous pop culture references.
The song's accompanying music video was directed by Jeff Nicholas, Jonathan Craven, and Darren Craig from Uprising Creativity.
"Proud" is a song by Wayne Hector, Steve Mac and Andy Hill originally written and recorded for the British television drama series Britannia High.
"Pumpin' Up the Party" was written and produced by Jaime Houston.
Musically, "Bye and Bye" is what Oliver Trager calls an "easygoing, lilting ballad...something one would expect from Leon Redbone or, from an earlier era, Bing Crosby.
The album which contains the song, also Vidovdan, was released in 1989, the year of the 600th anniversary of the Battle of Kosovo.
"Baby It's You" is a song written by Burt Bacharach, Luther Dixon and Mack David.
"The Most Beautiful Girl In The World" is a show tune from the 1935 Rodgers and Hart musical Jumbo.
The refrain of the song was performed live by Robbie Williams during his show in King Baudouin Stadium on June 13, 2006.
"The Other Day I Met a Bear" is a traditional American camp song, sung as an echo song.
The song mocks the differences between what liberals say and what they do.
It was re-recorded for Taylor's 1976 Greatest Hits album in the version that is most familiar to listeners.
It has a Roud Folk Song Index number of 19299.
In 2001 it was named 321st in the Songs of the Century project list.
"Water Baby Blues"/"Water Baby Boogie" is a Western swing instrumental first recorded in 1946 by Merl Lindsay and which became his signature song.
"Perdido" is a jazz standard composed by Juan Tizol and was first recorded on December 3, 1941 by Duke Ellington.
Donkey Kong 64 is remembered as the emblematic example of Rare's "collect-a-thon" adventure platformers.
On, On, U of K, also punctuated as "On!
As such, this is the first truly career-spanning collection for the band ever compiled.
In 1997, the posthumously-released single "Is It the Beat?"
Sound of Our Hearts is a song by Hungarian group Compact Disco.
Actor Nicolas Cage declared he is fan of the band and described "Prostitute" as an 'incredible' song.
The song glamorized the harnessing of the Columbia River in the Pacific Northwest.
The band stopped performing it after all band members left and Fripp hired new instrumentalists.
The lyrics were written by their keyboardist Tony Banks.
Aside from Avestan Mithra, these derivative names were also used for:
The new lyrics cast Garland in the role of a teenage fan of Clark Gable.
"Lost Stars" is an original song performed by Maroon 5 frontman Adam Levine for the romantic comedy-drama film Begin Again.
In 1999 the song was recorded by Susie Luchsinger on the album Raised on Faith.
"Paloma Negra" has been covered by other prominent artists such as Chavela Vargas, Vicente Fernández, Lila Downs, and Jenni Rivera.
"Save You" is a song by American recording artist Kelly Clarkson, from her fourth studio album, All I Ever Wanted.
Despite this, "Ozone Baby" itself was never performed live at Led Zeppelin concerts.
It became a hit after it was released by The Farber Sisters in 1918.
It is set to the tune of "Taim Sinte ar do Thuamba", Hymn #47 in Danta De: Idir Sean agus Nuad.
A live version of "Death and All His Friends" was featured on the band's 2009 live album, LeftRightLeftRightLeft.
The album features guests appearances from British rapper Wiley, American rapper Tyga and Nines.
"My Name Is Jonas" is a song by alternative rock band Weezer.
The song appears on his third solo album All the Best Cowboys Have Chinese Eyes.
The song has been described as "Kabasele's most memorable song" and one of the first Pan-African hits.
Lyrically, it is one of several of his songs that reference an idealized feminine or guardian angel-like figure.
The song is best known today because of a hit version recorded in 1958 by The Kingston Trio.
It was released as the second promotional single from their second album, Ride the Lightning.
The album was certified Gold on May 29, 2003 by the Recording Industry Association of America in the United States.
Jesus' Blood Never Failed Me Yet is a 1971 arrangement by Gavin Bryars of a composition by an unknown composer.
The song is notably more country-inspired than many songs in the band's catalogue.
It has also become suggested reading for many military organizations, including the United States Marine Corps.
"The Lonely" is a song by American singer-songwriter Christina Perri.
The words were written by English songwriter Frederic Weatherly and usually set to the Irish tune of the "Londonderry Air".
"Going to California" is a ballad written and performed by the English rock band Led Zeppelin.
It tells of a life gone wrong in New Orleans; many versions also urge a sibling to avoid the same fate.
The lyrics revolve around the protagonist wishing for a second chance at a seemingly failed relationship.
Apparently, it was a demo during the Final Cut sessions but Roger Waters rejected it.
Wir hatten gebauet ein stattliches Haus is a German-language student song from 1819.
Andy Williams covered the song on his 1964 album The Great Songs from My Fair Lady and Other Broadway Hits.
The song features T-Pain, Trick Daddy, Rick Ross and Plies.
A live version appears on 1971's Chicago at Carnegie Hall, lasting over fifteen minutes.
In May 2005, the single reached at number 2 on the UK Singles Chart and number 46 on the US Billboard Hot 100 chart.
"I Wanna Be Your Man" is a Lennon–McCartney-penned song recorded and released as a single by the Rolling Stones, and then recorded by the Beatles.
The song was used in the Miami Vice episode Knock Knock, Who's There?
"You'll Be Mine" is a short song, composed by Lennon–McCartney in the Beatles' early years, then known as The Quarrymen.
A version collected at Piddlehinton, Dorset, in 1905 was printed in James Reeves's The Everlasting Circle, 1960.
When I asked her where she headed for Back up to Boston I’m singing in a bar
She had been in a mental institution, where she apparently lived in a tree house, in the garden of the institution.
The song was produced by Timbaland and Jerome "J-Roc" Harmon and contains a sample of "Sirens" by Adrian Younge.
"The Twa Brothers" is Child ballad 49, Roud 38. existing in many variants.
The basis of this song was recorded as a challenge by Townsend to Gaye.
The song garnered critical acclaim for its low-slung Southern-touch, and gained multiple comparisons to former R&B girl-group Destiny's Child.
The lines Now, a very great man once said/That some people rob you with a fountain pen.
He wrote it in 1969, and it was his first breakthrough hit, reaching number one in the French charts for six non-consecutive weeks.
The song, which appears as the fifth track on The Beautiful Letdown was a long-lasting hit and was eventually certified gold in April 2005.
"Crazier" is a song by American recording artist Taylor Swift.
Soft Flowing Avon was a 1769 song with music written by Thomas Arne and lyrics by David Garrick.
"One Child" received a mixed to negative response from critics, many of whom disapproved of the overbearing sentiment.
The song appears on the album X-Periment.
George Graff, Jr. wrote the lyrics, and Jack Glogau composed the music.
"That's Right" is a female empowerment song telling the story of a woman who does not let her boyfriend's selfish needs prevent her from having fun.
It was released as a promotional single for the EP.
Well known versions include those by Janis Joplin, James Taylor, the Seldom Scene and Hot Tuna.
Lyrically the song, like much of Bowie's work at this time, was influenced by Buddhism, occultism, and Friedrich Nietzsche's concept of the Superman.
The song has been performed by Israel Kamakawiwoʻole and by the Mākaha Sons of Niʻihau.
Mo Li Hua is a popular Chinese folk song.
"Unapologetic Bitch" is a song recorded by American singer and songwriter Madonna for her thirteenth studio album, Rebel Heart.
"Jesus Wants Me for a Sunbeam" is a song originally recorded by Scottish alternative band The Vaselines for their EP Dying for It.
Prism is the fourth studio album by American singer Katy Perry.
The melody is a variant of the English satirical ballad Lillibullero.
In the end, Rosita is in el cielo and Hipolito is in la cárcel.
"Rip This Joint" is the second song on the Rolling Stones' 1972 album Exile on Main St.
The song's lyrics explain in different ways how "thinking is the best way to travel."
is a song by American recording artist Mýa.
I knowed what's right and wrong since I was ten.
Ian McDonald's flute begins the song, and is one of the lead instruments throughout.
It is a compilation of several songs sung in the musical, such as "Another Day," "Life Support," "Without You," and "Will I?".
A year later, they released their second album, Something Real, their first album released under Doghouse Records.
Its melody was borrowed by Richard Stallman for the tune of the Free Software Song.
It resulted in several Civil War songs, including "Here's Your Mule", "How Are You?
It was written and produced by Carey and Danja, with additional songwriting from The Clutch and the tracks featured artist, T-Pain.
It features the vocals sampled from 313 Bass Mechanincs' song "Pass Out".
It was released on 14 August 2015, by PMR Records and Island Records, as the first promotional single from their second studio album Caracal.
Uncle Sammy, Take Care of My Girl is a World War I song released in 1918.
The lyrics carry the Christian message that regardless of one's situation in life, it is God who determines one's ultimate fate.
It served as a sequel to On Moonlight Bay, which also starred Doris Day.
In addition, the later novella A War of Gifts and novel Ender's Shadow take place during the same time period as the original.
It reached number 32 on the U.S.
Bob Burns, however, can be heard playing on the demo version from the same session.
He wrote the song to the daughter, Mette-Lise Lamer Who was five years old.
"Israel" was later released as a single in May 1972 in Belgium, the Netherlands, where it reached No.
It was the seventh studio album self-produced by Yankovic.
Since its release, First Love remains the highest selling Japanese album.
Although up to sixteen versions of the song have been identified, mainly regional, this version is the most common.
"The Pig Got Up and Slowly Walked Away" is a 1933 temperance-themed song with lyrics by Benjamin Hapgood Burt.
"1+1" is a song recorded by American recording artist Beyoncé for her fourth studio album, 4.
In a separate multiplayer mode, up to four players can compete in deathmatch and last man standing games.
"The Beautiful Ones" is a haunting musical tale of emotional longing and unrequited love.
Unorthodox Jukebox later topped the chart, marking the singer's first album to do so.
The following day, the hastily improvised take was deemed good enough and it was not re-recorded.
Written by Jeff Hanneman and Kerry King, the concept deals with religion, specifically said to be about overthrowing Heaven.
Released in July 2006, the song saw Ludacris return to music after some time off to concentrate on his acting career.
This song is about a man searching for freedom all his life, trying not to fall in love, only to have a good time.
A Voyage to Virginia is an English broadside ballad.
reached number 2 on Billboard's Hot Disco Singles chart.
"Born Free" was her next release following the track "O...Saya" from the film Slumdog Millionaire and the birth of her son in 2009.
And some have learn'd the reason why
On October 28, 1938, the Midwestern jazz novelty group, The Hoosier Hot Shots, released a curtailed version of song as a single.
The Turbulent Flight of Jefferson Airplane, "Chauffeur Blues" was picked by Anderson from an album by the South African folksinger Miriam Makeba.
The song remains popular today as a children’s music standard.
There are numerous recorded versions, including a cappella, folk, and rock arrangements.
It was later recorded by Motörhead, as he called it this instead of Bastard on his then managers advice.
I just made the song up there and then over the riff that Charlie and Mick were playing.
Carve dat possum, carve dat possum, children,
It has been performed and recorded by many artists such as Ted Weems, Fats Waller and Milt Herth.
According to WhoSampled.com, it has been sampled in over 400 songs as of 2014.
The protagonist of the song follows the eponymous headmen across the sea to a hidden cave where they have stored up a large treasure.
It is often seen as a precursor to the new wave of British heavy metal sound that would expand soon after.
A reggae-pop song, with dancehall influences, and features guest vocals from Trinidadian-American rapper Nicki Minaj.
"A Woman Like Me" is a moderate R&B song which samples the horn arrangement from Simon Haseley's "Hammerhead".
This song was used as the official theme song for the 2012 Zumba Fitness “Party in Pink” campaign.
The song is sung by the film's main antagonist, Judge Claude Frollo, who is voiced by Tony Jay.
The song has the metre of Tramp!
The Irish Washerwoman is a traditional Irish jig whose melody is familiar to many people in Ireland, the British Isles, and North America.
"Hung Up" prominently features a sample from the instrumental introduction to ABBA's hit single "Gimme!
"Flying Home" is mentioned in The Autobiography of Malcolm X..
Why can't I get just one screw
"Title" is a soca-pop recording, which additionally incorporates elements of folk and ska.
The song was originally performed by the Peerless Quartet and reached number on the top 100 US songs of 1918.
"Feel Good" was announced as the second promo single from G-Unit's second studio album, Terminate on Sight which was produced by Teddy Becks.
Then I was gayest of the gay,
Some cited its similarity in gameplay and visuals to Rare's 1998 predecessor, Banjo-Kazooie, despite Donkey Kong 64's mandatory memory add-on.
"They were the only act to play without a record; it was unparalleled.
The song is the fourth track on the band's second studio album, Vs..
A portion of the lyrics were lifted from the song Man of Constant Sorrow.
It's almost too much to ask for, the ageless, timeless, faultless, flawless Bowie in a vocal storm of versatility [...]"
"Stop Your Sobbing" is a song written by Ray Davies for the Kinks' debut album, Kinks.
It also provided the title for director Ron Howard's 2016 documentary film on the band's years as live performers, The Beatles: Eight Days a Week.
football song that was sung by Derek Warfield.
Perry promoted "Walking on Air" with several live performances, including at the 2013 iTunes Festival and Saturday Night Live.
"Gone" was initially considered as a single.
4 in the UK Singles Chart in early 1980 and No.
The album includes a second disc of previously unreleased material from the Guapa sessions, as well as from recording sessions of previous albums.
The song is sung by the character Angelica Schuyler, originally performed by Renée Elise Goldsberry.
"Three Fingers" also appears on the soundtrack of the horror movie Saw II.
In some settings, the lyrics have been matched to other tunes such as the Welsh "Calon Lân".
"JTR" is a song by Dave Matthews Band from their unreleased album, The Lillywhite Sessions.
The song has an elaborate live performance where a specially made animation is played simultaneously as the band performs the song.
"Ramrod" is a song written and performed by Bruce Springsteen for his fifth album, The River, released in 1980.
I may not know what the war's about
Written by Smiths singer Morrissey and guitarist Johnny Marr, it was originally a B-side of the 1984 single "William, It Was Really Nothing".
It is named after the edelweiss, a white flower found high in the Alps.
An early recording was done in 1976 by Thor-Erics.
Since its original release on Bringing It All Back Home, live versions of the song have been issued on The Bootleg Series Vol.
In 1982, the British pop group Modern Romance had a UK Top 20 hit with the vocal version of the song.
The song is inspirational, which features lyrics of the protagonist trying to tell his lover to help him make the world a better place.
It features American hip hop artist LL Cool J and was written by Paisley, LL Cool J, and Lee Thomas Miller.
Capacitor microphones were used for the snare drums.
The song tells the story of a wounded soldier giving his friend a verbal message to deliver to his "little girl" and mother.
It was recorded by him with the Attractions as the penultimate track of his 1978 album This Year's Model.
Award-winning adaptations of The Lord of the Rings have been made for radio, theatre, and film.
It was released in December 1965 on their album Rubber Soul, except for in North America, where it appeared on the 1966 release Yesterday and Today.
By contrast, Sean Fennessey interprets it as "a too-serious denouement for an album that is more about the self’s little nightmares than some aching societal rejection".
"Awaiting on You All" is a song by English musician George Harrison, released on his 1970 triple album, All Things Must Pass.
The Vernon Dalhart version was recorded on Victor Records in October 1924 and marketed in the hillbilly music genre.
Why I'm going to follow the boys!
His version was released by Victor Records.
According to an Allmusic review by Mark Deming, the song is "a potent mid-tempo rock tune" and "a witty and willfully perverse bit of erotic absurdity".
In addition to the difficulties of being poor, Tevye speaks of the Jewish community's constant fear of harassment from their non-Jewish neighbors.
In the song, Pooh and Piglet are hailed as heroes.
It is one of the most known songs in former Yugoslavia.
Another claimant to be the inspiration for the song is the Montecito Inn, in Santa Barbara County, California.
It contains heavy influences of minimal music in the form of a repeating theme with subtle variations introduced over time, creating a hypnotic effect.
The song is Misia's contribution to the official soundtrack of the 2010 FIFA World Cup, Listen Up!
"Johnny One Note" is a 1937 show tune from the 1937 Rodgers and Hart musical Babes in Arms, where it was introduced by Wynn Murray.
It was recorded and mixed by Bruce Swedien and Teddy Riley in 1991.
The album peaked at number 109 on the Billboard 200 chart.
According to his official website, Dylan has played the song live only once on May 25, 1976, in Salt Lake City.
The song is sung by Malayalam composer Alphons Joseph.
It peaked at number one on the charts of Austria, Belgium, France, Germany, Italy, Poland, Switzerland, the United Kingdom, and every other European country excluding Finland.
Aside from the Hollies, several artists covered the track in the first year after its release, including the American bands Stained Glass and the Kingsmen.
The song was released on 30 September 2014, as a promotional single from Heart Beats.
In 2011, three of the Monkees reunited for a tour and included "All of Your Toys" in their set list.
The song is included in The Rock and Roll Hall of Fame's 500 Songs that Shaped Rock and Roll.
Oh, the sick will soon be strong
Spector accepted on the condition that the song be rewritten with different lyrics as "Things Are Changing".
Several have performed the piece as an instrumental, including Fletcher Henderson and, most famously, Benny Goodman.
The song was sent to 59 radio stations across Nigeria, Kenya, Malawi and South Africa.
The first was the song "The Voyage" from their previous album On the Threshold of a Dream.
The song was a big commercial success reaching number 3 in France selling approximately 500,000 copies.
It was first recorded on February 26, 1926, by Louis Armstrong and his Hot Five, and became the group's most frequently recorded piece.
Greek punk group Panx Romana recorded the song with altered lyrics in their native language.
The most prevalent type of fraud is one where wines are adulterated, usually with the addition of cheaper products and sometimes with harmful chemicals and sweeteners.
It features guest vocals from American rapper Eminem, who wrote the song alongside Skylar Grey and the producer Alex da Kid.
A second version appears on Shankar Family & Friends, titled "I Am Missing You", featuring an arrangement closer to a folk ballad.
It was originally intended as the first of five movements for an "Indian Suite".
They tell the story of a much loved Italian concertina-playing vagabond who wanders from town to town with a monkey who collects money from the audience.
The searchable database within the game contains: "video clips; essays on each area's economics, politics and culture; maps; and photographs.
Harrison's posthumous compilation Early Takes: Volume 1 includes a demo version of the song, recorded early in the 1970 sessions for All Things Must Pass.
Early folk historians confused the ballads of John Hardy and John Henry.
"Hit It Again" is a song by American electronic music duo 3OH!3.
On Midler's version the second verse contains the revised line "I was a queen to him.
As of 2013, there have been over twenty musicians in and out of Iced Earth since its formation in 1985.
"Here Without You" is a song written by Gene Clark that was first performed on the Byrds' 1965 debut album Mr. Tambourine Man.
He wanted to get that cold anger in his voice that you get with natural distortion.
The album's release was supported by five singles—"i", "The Blacker the Berry", "King Kunta", "Alright" and "These Walls" featuring Bilal and Anna Wise.
O Priya Tumi Kothay is a Bengali popular song by singer Asif Akbar.
It was recorded at the first John Wesley Harding session on October 17, 1967.
The song was parodied in the 1941 film Sabapathy.
I thought I'd bring a shadow of some of the greatness of the James Brown production sound to this.
It was released on 25 September 2013 as a promotional single from Tempah's second studio album Demonstration.
Ett litet rött paket is a Christmas song with lyrics and music by Owe Thörnqvist.
He studied piano under tutelage of Henryk Melcer-Szczawiński and theory of music in the class of Piotr Rytel.
"Almost Like Being in Love" is a popular song published in 1947.
Combed his head wid a wagon wheel
that I in Kedar’s tent here stay; No place like that on high; Lord thither guide my way; O happy place!
It was released on SoundCloud and Spotify on 4 October 2013, as the singer's last independent single of that year.
"Someone" is a song by English musician Lucy Spraggan.
Initially, the tune starts off normally, then descends into an abyss of maniacal, sinister laughing.
"Somos de Calle" is a promo single by Puerto Rican reggaeton performer Daddy Yankee, released for promotion of the 2008 film Talento de Barrio.
One of Richards' own compositions, "You Got the Silver" is said to have been written about his then-girlfriend Marcella Ramos.
In America, the song was recorded by the short-lived West Coast band, The New Breed.
"Refugees" is a song written by Danny McNamara and Richard McNamara of the English alternative rock band Embrace.
It was collected by Cecil Sharp and Maud Karpeles in 1909.
The album's high digital sales led "Marilyn Monroe" to chart on the UK Singles Chart and US Billboard charts.
Caymmi was married to Brazilian singer Stella Maris for 68 years, and the couple's children, Dori, Danilo, and Nana, are also prominent musicians.
In Paul McCartney's authorized biography, Miles seems to refer to this song as a collaboration.
The earliest written record of the song dates to 1857.
A pop-R&B ballad that features instrumentation by the piano and strings, True" deals with trust issues lyrically.
The music was composed in 1919 by Carey Morgan and Lee David to accompany lyrics for "Sipping Cider Through a Straw".
"When Alexander Takes His Ragtime Band to France" is a World War I era song written by Alfred Bryan, Cliff Hess, and Edgar Leslie in 1918.
The song has also been performed on select dates of the Loud Tour.
The sheet music can be found at Pritzker Military Museum & Library.
It was not included in the repertoire of Jefferson Airplane's early gigs and was performed only occasionally.
The song was released on May 23, 2009 in United Kingdom, May 25 in Australia and on May 26 on iTunes.
The song was developed during the band's earliest sessions in Fez, Morocco, and began with a drum beat by drummer Larry Mullen, Jr.
The lyrics for the song were written by Lord Burgess, an American-born, half-Barbadan songwriter.
Written and produced by Will "will.i.am" Adams and Keith Harris, the song contains an interpolation of the bridge to Billy Joel's 1983 hit single "Uptown Girl".
The musicians for the sessions were Chet Atkins, lead guitar; Velma E. Williams Smith, guitar; Jerry Byrd, steel guitar; Ernie Newton, bass; and Hal Smith, fiddle.
The Decca single release of the Garland/Kelly version was a major hit of 1943.
He then instructs the listener to try to find a way.
The song was used in the 1939 film Mexicali Rose starring Gene Autry.
It is instrumentally complete with a Roland TR-808 drum, bass instruments, and synthesizers.
Zappa wrote the song to parody his experiences playing with drunken lounge music bands in the early 1960s.
It was written and produced by Gaga with French DJ Madeon, with additional writing credits from RedOne and Paul "DJ White Shadow" Blair.
"The Dowie Dens of Yarrow", also known as "The Braes of Yarrow" or simply "Yarrow", is a Scottish border ballad.
The first and only known recording was by American Tenor Charles Harrison in 1916 for Columbia Records.
"4th of July" is the sixth track from U2's 1984 album, The Unforgettable Fire.
"Stop Crying Your Heart Out" is a song by the English rock band Oasis.
"Teenage Lobotomy" has been released as downloadable content for the music video game Rock Band.
It first appeared on his 1972 debut album, Naturally, as the opening track.
Quite unusual, even for the late 1970s, the lyrics deal openly with the perspective of a gay man:
"O Little Town of Bethlehem" is a popular Christmas carol.
It was the group's seventh best-selling Spanish single, and also peaked at number 4 in Argentina.
The song tells the story of a woman deserted by her lover when she needs him the most.
The song appeared on The Walking Dead.
It was published by McCarthy & Fisher Inc.
It is 1:41 minutes in length, while the version in the musical is about twice as long, with additional lyrics written by Glenn Slater.
The song was written by the band's lead guitarist Ace Frehley and was released in 1974 on the band's eponymous debut album.
"Tell Me Where to Park" is a song co-written and recorded by American country music artist Brett Eldredge.
The track "Waiting Hare" is often mislabeled as "Waiting Here", even though the lyrics to the song clearly say "waiting here".
"Evergreen" is a pop song, co-written by Jörgen Elofsson, Per Magnusson and David Kreuger, and originally recorded by Irish boy band Westlife.
The main instruments used throughout the song are piano, vocals, guitar, organ, bass and drums.
It is the showpiece for the Linda Low showgirl character.
The play is one of Shakespeare's most popular works for the stage and is widely performed across the world.
Often the singer interrupts his reminisces of the mysterious Brownsville Girl to describe the plot of a Western movie starring Gregory Peck that he saw once.
Lyrics appeared toward the bottom of the images.
Lyrically, the girl contemplates her first time and how "it wasn't right".
It is an instrumental piece, mainly the brainchild of member Benny Andersson and had the working titles of "Fiol", "Ode to Dalecarlia" and "Arrival in Dalecarlia".
Gaga performed the song during The Monster Ball Tour.
It was produced by the band's long-time record producer Rik Simpson along with Norwegian production duo Stargate.
The "Rock and Roll Band" demo was finished in 1974, along with three of the six.
The song itself describes a player trying to defeat the boss character Air Man in Mega Man 2.
The song was performed in the film by Samuel E. Wright.
The chords and vocal melody are in some places very similar to the song "The Times They Are A-Changin'".
Fait accompli is a song written by Benny Andersson and Björn Ulvaeus.
The "man with the bag" is a reference to Santa Claus, who drops off presents from his sleigh to people who have been "extra special good".
It is also listed on AFI's "100 Years... 100 Songs" as one of America's greatest film songs.
"Sanctified" garnered critical acclaim from music critics, with most praising the production and Kanye West's appearance.
Below the Lion Rock is a Cantonese popular song.
It also appears on two compilations: Timespace – The Best of Stevie Nicks, released in 1991, and the boxset, Enchanted, released in 1998.
"Strangers" is a song written by Dave Davies and performed by British Rock group The Kinks.
This song has been performed and recorded by many artists, including Judy Collins, Odetta, Melanie, and William Shatner.
Unfortunately, he is inexorably dragged into some very unsaintly activities.
"Jiyo Utho Bado Jeeto" was first performed by Rahman at the song release function held at Kingdom of Dreams in Gurgaon, Haryana on August 28, 2010.
"Goodnight, Ladies" is a folk song attributed to Edwin Pearce Christy, originally intended to be sung during a minstrel show.
Smith signed a contract with Universal Classics and Jazz for a £2.3 million advance in December 2008, the largest ever granted to a schoolgirl.
In 2004, the song was recorded by Gösta Engström on the album Gösta Engström & Kavringarna på S/S Saltsjön.
The song features a prominent saxophone riff, and has been covered by a number of artists since its first release.
The lyrics tell of a cowboy eloping with his Mary.
It is sung by guitarist Keith Richards.
Jagger said at the time, "Hey Negrita.
Lead singer Ozzy Osbourne uses a Leslie speaker to achieve the vocals' treble and vibrato effects.
The recorded version may be lyrics from Mercury and music from Mercury and Brian May.
"Heart of Mine" is a 2000 song written and sung by composer-lyricist Peter Salett.
As with all the Legacy 1st edition remasters from 2001 there are full proposals in with SonyBMG for upgraded 2-CD Deluxe Collectors Editions.
"I Think I'm in Love with You" is a song written and produced by Cory Rooney and Dan Shea for Jessica Simpson's debut album Sweet Kisses.
The instrumental was made popular when it was featured on the live 3-CD or 2-DVD release Live at Budokan.
Upon the release of Love?, "Invading My Mind" debuted at number ten on the South Korea Gaon International Chart.
Jonathan Zwickel of Pitchfork considers it "some of the Rolling Stones' most enduring and soulful work."
Minstrel troupes freely added and removed verses, and folk singers have since added hundreds more.
The song has been covered by Barbara in 1969.
It is their last album recorded with singer Jon Anderson and keyboardist Rick Wakeman prior to their departure from the group in 1980.
The lyrics of this song is as follows-
The song was covered in 2011 by Laleh, whose version reached number six in Sweden.
"Angel Child" is a traditional song from the Texas repertoire.
In the UK, the Beatles' singles remained monaural until the following release, "The Ballad of John and Yoko".
"Hollow" is an acoustic song by the heavy metal band Godsmack from their fourth studio album, IV.
Abraham Lincoln's position on slavery is one of the central issues in American history.
It is believed that original song melody was composed by Cherniavsky in 1915 for recruits.
In vertebrates, it is composed of blood cells suspended in blood plasma.
Anesthetize is also the name of the live DVD/Blu-ray from the Fear of a Blank Planet tour, released in April 2010.
Its theme is the disillusionment of the country during the Vietnam War era.
It appears on her first extended play, Kill Kill, her debut album, Lana Del Ray, and her third EP, Paradise.
The song is considered one of the greatest drinking songs of all-time.
The single reached at top ten in Australia, Canada and Japan and in the top 20 in Canada, the UK, Scotland and New Zealand.
However, the original recording by Davy Graham is in the key of A with a capo at the third fret.
"Black Blade" is a song by American rock band Blue Öyster Cult.
Robin Hood and the Bishop of Hereford is Child ballad 144.
"Don't Leave Me Now" is a song by Pink Floyd.
Lyrics and music was written by Harry Hilbert.
A separate music video was also made.
"(Once I courted a) Charming Beauty Bright" is an American folk-song.
The influences displayed on the album range from The Beatles to baroque pop.
It was written by Evan Bogart and Jörgen Elofsson, with its producer Troy "Radio" Johnson.
"Generation Lost" is a song by American hip hop recording artist B.o.B, taken from his fourth mixtape, Who the F%*k is B.o.B?.
"Oklahoma Indian Jazz" is a dance tune written in 1923 by Ray Hibbler, T.J. Johnsen, J.W.
"Sacred Worlds" is the first track from German power metal Blind Guardian's ninth studio album At the Edge of Time.
The original song was sung by Canadian soldiers during World War II.
"Teddybjörnen Fredriksson" is a Swedish children's song by Lasse Berghagen who wrote it in 1969 to his 3-year-old daughter Malin.
"So Long, Frank Lloyd Wright" is a song written by Paul Simon that was originally released on Simon & Garfunkel's 1970 album Bridge over Troubled Water.
It was written and composed by Arthur Wimperis and Herman Finck in 1914.
This song was also used in the movie Pirates of Silicon Valley.
"Heart by Heart" is a song by Demi Lovato from The Mortal Instruments: City of Bones soundtrack.
When performed live, the song regularly segues into "Rapunzel," just as it does on the studio recording.
It is considered one of Ivy Queen's signature songs, and it is also one of her most popular hits as well.
The eighth and longest track on the album, "Well Well Well" features a blistering guitar part, screaming vocals and a brutal, pounding backing track.
The song also appeared in the movies Prince of Tides, Diner, and Perfect Sisters.
The music is propelled by Gary Tallent's bass.
"Higher and Higher" is the opening track of The Moody Blues 1969 album To Our Children's Children's Children, a concept album about space travel.
The band released their second studio album Drops of Jupiter in March 2001; it was preceded by the release of its lead single, "Drops of Jupiter".
It has a Roud Folk Song Index number of 19478.
The song is a popular worship ballad.
"Cruisin' the Streets" is a disco song released in 1981 by the Boys Town Gang.
It was soon covered by other musicians, including with lyrics added by Jon Hendricks.
In The Essential Ewan MacColl Songbook, Peggy Seeger wrote that the song was written in the period 1937-9 but could not give an exact year.
"Christmas Tree" is a song by American singer Lady Gaga.
Woodbury, a composer of religious music, dedicated the song to his friend and student L.O.
It was written and produced by Björk herself, while programming and beats were made in collaboration with Matthew Herbert and the English dubstep band 16bit.
The song was originally recorded in 1956 by Vince Martin and the Tarriers, and quickly covered by Eddie Fisher.
It was inspired by a lecture given by the Maharishi Mahesh Yogi while the Beatles were in India.
"One Love" received generally positive acclaim from music critics, who cited it as a stand-out track on Love?.
It has a Roud Folk Song Index number of 19526.
Recorded in 1976 at Musicland Studios in Munich, Germany, this track is peppy and upbeat, contrasting with "Mission", the previous track.
"Tomorrow" is a song originally recorded by the Brothers Johnson as an instrumental in 1976 on the album Look Out for #1.
The song features Jack Casady on fuzz bass, and uses the famous "Bo Diddley Beat".
The song garnered a mixed response from music critics.
Dylan's recording features him solo on the acoustic guitar, playing the song using fingerpicking.
It is an unpolished recording from January 1969 with Paul McCartney ad-libbing on lead vocals, and John Lennon ad libbing a backing vocal.
The original CD compiled all songs from the two US LP versions, both of which omitted tracks from the original UK version.
It was Rush's first recording and became a record chart hit.
It was included as the B-side of two of the four single releases from that LP, including "Lido Shuffle."
Peaking at #21 in the UK charts, it hit #6 in West Germany.
"Hiawatha" is a popular song written by Neil Moret in 1901.
The tonus peregrinus is associated with the ninth mode or Aeolian mode.
"Wor Peg's Trip te Tynemouth" is a Geordie folk song written in the 19th century by Joe Wilson, in a style deriving from music hall.
The song had been performed live as early as 1993, with original drummer Gary Young contributing shortly before his removal from the band.
"Sexy Sadie" is a song by the English rock group the Beatles from their 1968 album The Beatles.
The title of the album comes from the third track, "Taper Jean Girl".
"The Root" was recorded and produced by D'Angelo at New York's Electric Lady Studios during sessions for the album.
"The Sheik of Araby" is a song that was written in 1921 by Harry B. Smith and Francis Wheeler, with music by Ted Snyder.
It is similar in theme to "Little Maggie" and "The Gambling Man" but is not considered the same as those songs.
At least, I think I must be."
Danmarks gamle Folkeviser records two versions: A and B; it also appears in Norway and Sweden.
"Hopeful" is a song by Japanese recording artist Ami Suzuki, taken from her fourth studio album Around the World.
It was originally recorded by Tina Turner as the B-side to the single "Typical Male" in 1986.
Székely himnusz is a 1921 poem adopted by Szekler National Council as the anthem of Székely Land on 5 September 2009.
It is based on an Italian madrigal, published by Gastoldi in 1591.
It was written for voice and piano.
It is not known whether the misspelling was a mistake, or just intended to make the two words rhyme.
"(Now and Then There's) A Fool Such as I" is a popular song written by Bill Trader and was published in 1952.
"The End" is a song by the Beatles composed by Paul McCartney for the album Abbey Road.
Years" reissue of the band's debut album, Murmur.
Music critic Robert Christgau notes, that the tune does not deserve a "classic status".
"Ashley's Roachclip" is an instrumental song by funk group the Soul Searchers from their 1974 album Salt of the Earth on Sussex Records.
The song's structure contains multiple key modulations and mood shifts.
"Releasing the Demons" is a song by the rock band Godsmack from their third studio album Faceless and was written by frontman Sully Erna.
It's the thirteenth track from their 1998 album 13.
edited by Seeger and Bob Reiser urges women to "Like Mother Jones, bestir them bones".
"Phoenix" is a song by American hip hop recording artist ASAP Rocky, from his debut album Long.Live.ASAP.
Written by Mick Jagger and Keith Richards, "Rip This Joint" is one of the fastest songs in the Stones' canon, with a pronounced rockabilly feel.
The lyrics of the song tell about a woman who has an attraction to a man, longing for him to come and take her away.
Its music video includes a montage of scenes from all over Beijing.
"Another's Arms" is a song by British rock band Coldplay.
The song is characteristic of the band's stylistic shift from rap and funk towards a mellower sound, evident in their latest albums.
"A Dreamer's Holiday" is a popular song.
"Christmas in New York" is a Christmas song written by Billy Butt at the piano at the Church of Sweden in New York during the 1970s.
In some styles of performance, each successive verse suggests a method of sobering or punishing the drunken sailor.
It is also performed by actress Keira Knightley in the film.
It was planned as the third single from his album D.N.A., but was never confirmed or sent to urban radio stations.
It was released on August 9, 2006 by RCA Records as a double album.
In 1985, the film was nominated at the 5th Golden Raspberry Awards for Worst Musical Score, and the song itself was nominated for Worst Original Song.
It is the opening track on Waits' third studio album Small Change, released in September 1976 on Asylum Records.
It tells the story of a heroic effort to salvage a sunken ship, the Mary Ellen Carter, by members of her crew.
Behind him are British, French, and American flags.
Jackie Greene recorded a cover for his 2009 release The Grateful EP.
The session, The Davis Sisters' first in Nashville, Tennessee was recorded at Thomas Productions.
}} "Martin Eden" is a song by French hip hop artist Nekfeu, produced by himself and DJ Elite.
In 1960 the song was recorded in 1960 by lounge artist Martin Denny.
In the ITV drama series the song is performed in episode 1.03 by the character Jez Tyler played by Matthew James Thomas.
The album has sold more than 910,000 copies worldwide and was ranked #39 on Rolling Stone's Top 100 Albums of the Decade.
"The tune 'Come, Haste to the Wedding', of Gaelic origin, was introduced in the pantomime 'The Elopement' in 1767.
A rare live version of the song, used for Live Aid, was included on the album The Hits/The B-Sides.
In the United States, variations of Fair Margaret have been regarded as folk song as early as 1823.
It was released under the Columbia Records label.
It was originally entitled simply "Tribulations" and was recorded in 1959.
"Love for Sale" was originally considered in bad taste, even scandalous.
It appears on the album Use Your Illusion I and features alternating lead vocals between Axl Rose and Alice Cooper.
The song is sung By Toshi Sabri and is composed by Toshi's brother Sharib Sabri.
A different recording subsequently appeared on Antony and the Johnsons, the self-titled first album from Antony and the Johnsons recorded in 1998.
A song about heroin addiction, it is considered a fan favourite, and is one of U2's most frequently performed songs in concert.
Although it was never released as a single, the song has charted in the UK and in France.
1 in Cashbox magazine for two weeks.
It later appeared on the album with an added guitar solo by producer Mike Dean and an additional guest verse featuring rapper Rick Ross.
"Disney Girls" has proven to be one of Bruce Johnston's most enduring songs, still occasionally performed by The Beach Boys in concert.
The song describes three gingerbread men with eyes out of zante currants, who tell about themselves come walking from Pepparkakeland at Christmastime.
In France, it was issued as a B-side to "Colours in 1975.
"The Supermen" is a song written by David Bowie in 1970 and released as the closing track on the album The Man Who Sold the World.
On occasion he also performed Serge Lama's French version, "Vivre tout seul", in concert.
In 2007 Anne Nørdsti recorded the song on her album Livli' på låven, as "En time for sent" with lyrics in Norwegian by herself.
Most of them praised it as the stand-out track on Bionic, while some of whom compared Aguilera's vocals on "Elastic Love" to those of M.I.A.
This track features drummer Bob Siebenberg's then brother-in-law Scott Gorham of Thin Lizzy on rhythm guitar.
The song became a staple of Dire Straits and Mark Knopfler concerts.
It marked the first recorded use of reversed sounds in a pop song.
In 2015, the song became the leading track for Sakanaction's compilation album Natsukashii Tsuki wa Atarashii Tsuki: Coupling & Remix Works.
My Rainbow Race is an American folk and children's song.
There are only two instruments: acoustic guitar and bass guitar.
The first hit version was Bessie Smith's 1923 recording, which stayed on four weeks on the charts peaking at No.
The song was published by Shapiro, Bernstein & Co. in New York City.
The song tells of a young Indian girl's loss of her sweetheart who has died in battle.
The song was written by Oasis' lead guitarist Noel Gallagher, who also provides lead vocals.
Tutt'al più is a song by Italian pop singer Laura Pausini.
It tells the story of Blu, a male Spix's macaw who is taken to Rio de Janeiro to mate with a free-spirited female Spix's macaw, Jewel.
The song is 1 minute and 12 seconds long.
Dave Bell, writing for quarterly UK magazine Ceasefire, argued that the song "epitomises pop as Samuel Beckett might write it: tedious, beautiful and desperate".
"Oj, Jelena, Jelena, jabuka zelena" is a well known Croatian folk song.
They never got put down anywhere so there's really only my memory that can sort of remember them, you know.
Commentary focused on the track's a cappellas, lyrics and music.
The band decided on its title as each of the album's nine tracks were written as a group.
An electro-R&B, Electronica and new wave song, the two songs derive its musical structure from the genres of electronica and new wave.
"Gospel Plow" is a traditional American folk song.
Freedom Someday is a song, written by the British musical group Level 42 and released in 1987.
McCartney wrote the song when he was about 16 years old.
This song features many styles of music mixed in together to form a catchy tune and a memorable sense for the song.
"With a Song in My Heart" is a show tune from the 1929 Rodgers and Hart musical Spring Is Here.
His performance was praised by the judges; Simon Cowell called it the best presentation of the night.
The song is also featured in The Italian Job.
There's this guy saying, 'I'm goddamn rich'.
"Tea in the Sahara" is a song by the British new wave band The Police.
The song was adapted by the Yugoslav Partisans and used in World War II.
It is frequently broadcast on the radio and from loudspeakers on the streets of Pyongyang.
It has been performed sporadically in tours since.
"Cloudy" is a song by American music duo Simon & Garfunkel from their third studio album, Parsley, Sage, Rosemary and Thyme.
The angel she refers to is a Red Cross nurse.
Thomas Wayne, the co-writer, recorded the original version in 1959 on Scotty Moore's own short-lived Fernwood record label.
Flute work for the track was provided by Herbie Mann.
"Wild Honey" is a song by the rock band U2.
"Black" is a power ballad by the American rock band Pearl Jam.
The song has been frequently covered by other musicians, such as Andrew Bird as "Trials, Troubles, Tribulations.".
Sandy is a song written by Steve Brandt and Dion DiMucci, and recorded by Dion DiMucci in 1963.
At that time, it was played without lyrics as "Modřanská polka".
have released it several times in different forms.
Some of the risque lyrics in the song are often censored in radio versions of the song.
It was released on May 28, 2012 as a promotional single from the album.
A later cover by Byrds members Roger McGuinn and Chris Hillman reached the top 10 of the Hot Country Songs charts in 1989.
The single was released to positive reviews, with Jamie Rowland of Penny Black Music calling the two songs "brilliant examples of folk songwriting."
2" and the hit single Oh Boy.
Noted Wagnerian soprano Birgit Nilsson recorded the song for the 1960 gala performance recording of Johann Strauss's operetta Die Fledermaus on the Decca/London label.
The song was later covered by Nirvana, who released it as their debut single in 1988.
The Marcha de las Malvinas is a patriotic anthem of Argentina.
On 4 June 2012 she performed at the Queen's Diamond Jubilee Concert in front of Buckingham Palace.
It is the third track on her 1971 album Blue.
On the album, "Morning Glory" was recited by the Moody Blues' keyboardist Mike Pinder.
The song lists the names of people killed in the bombing.
Guy Lombardo & His Royal Canadians - #2
AllMusic has described the song as the band's "undisputed masterpiece".
The ambiguity of United States copyright laws at the time and the poor management of Dresser's estate left the song vulnerable to plagiarism.
The song has been used in a great many television shows and motion pictures.
The song was written by Gomez, Justin Tranter, and Julia Michaels, along with its producers Robin Fredriksson and Mattias Larsson, known as Mattman & Robin.
"Yesterday" is a melancholy ballad about the break-up of a relationship.
"Outlaw Blues" is a song by Bob Dylan, recorded on January 14, 1965.
The air smells sweet, the air smells sick;
"Joan of Arc, They Are Calling You" is a 1917 song composed by Jack Wells, and with lyrics written by Al Bryan and Willie Weston.
"Motorhead" is a song written by Ian "Lemmy" Kilmister while he was a member of the English space rock band Hawkwind.
Over a year earlier, this song had been recorded by Gene Phillips - Jack McVea, and released on Modern.
3 on the Australian Kent Music Report Albums Chart and remained on the chart for 171 weeks.
The lyrics are a satirical myriad of pop culture imagery, the city of Los Angeles, the demise of urban America, and overall absurd juxtapositions of situations.
In June 2013 the song became viral on social media.
"The Love Club" addresses the befriending of "a bad crowd."
Matthews and Santana wrote "John the Revelator" as a love song about someone calling out to their unattainable lover.
"Famous" is a song by Tinchy Stryder, released as a promotional single from his third solo studio album, Third Strike.
Musically, "Cuyahoga" is propelled by Mills' bassline.
2 along with his other previously unreleased songs.
The boat was named for Glendy Burke: the 29th mayor of New Orleans.
The DVD will be re-released by avex Taiwan on 14th Aug 2009 .
It was written by Mars, Philip Lawrence, and Ari Levine, who produced the track under their alias The Smeezingtons, along with Brody Brown.
Hendrix developed elements of the piece prior to forming the Experience.
In 1964, the composer and lyricist Lionel Bart, used the song and its backstory as the basis of a musical set around the Liverpool Docks.
It was first performed by Ray Heatherton and Mitzi Green.
These services are part of the Ofcom small-scale DAB trials.
Since many similar counting rhymes existed earlier, it is difficult to ascertain this rhyme's exact origin.
It is often considered to be their signature song.
I guess it just came up naturally."
"Mmm Papi" received generally unfavorable reviews from contemporary critics.
"Don't Sell Out" is a song by English rapper Tinie Tempah, featuring additional vocals from South African singer/rapper Candice Pillay and production from Balistiq.
The Wylie Wife of the Hie Toun Hie is Child ballad 290, existing in several variants, some of them fragmentary.
It has been called the first true blues tune ever published.
Many sound effects were creatively added to the recording to give it an authentic nightclub feel.
Patience and Prudence had more success with the song when they recorded it in 1956 reaching #11 on the charts.
As he says, 'what do you remember about 'Chest Fever' - the lyrics or the organ part?'"
It was produced by R. Kelly and is from his eighth studio album Double Up.
This new version of "Proof" was released as a download-only single on 6 September 2010 – the second single, following "Northern Skies".
"History Maker" is the eleventh track on English Christian rock band Delirious?
The gospel elements to some songs on Exile have been attributed to the presence of Billy Preston during the final recording sessions in Los Angeles.
Morrison has said "'Everyone' is just a song of hope, that's what that is."
The lyrics of the song revolve around a female protagonist who realizes that she needs to escape an abusive and adulterous boyfriend.
The song appears as the second track on the album.
The cover features the band's logo in black on a beige colored background with the song's name in the typical Trebuchet MS font.
In "The Blue Juniata", bright Alfarata, the Indian girl, sings the praises of her warrior while she travels along the Juniata River.
The song used to be the entrance theme of the professional wrestling alliance, Evolution.
Mera Kuch Samaan is a popular song from the acclaimed 1987 movie Ijaazat, directed by Gulzar, who also wrote the song.
It was written by Luc Reynaud and produced by Joe Chiccarelli.
In 1923 the British Broadcasting Company made its first broadcast in Wales, from "Station 5WA" in Cardiff.
A recording by June Valli with orchestra directed by Joe Reisman was made in New York City on June 11, 1953.
This song was one of several to be considered for the band's "best of" album, Echoes: The Best of Pink Floyd.
The translation of the lyrics into Russian is broadly accurate, but the term "prayer" is translated as "word of honor".
He explained, "You had to make the lyric dingy enough where the kids knew what you were talking about — and they did.
The song "Otis" from the collaboration album Watch the Throne by Kanye West and Jay-Z carries the following line "What more can I say?".
The details of the song reference Timothy Leary, who fled the United States.
Giati Fovase is a Greek-language song performed by Greek recording artist Despina Vandi from her live album Despina Vandi Live.
"For You" is a song written and recorded by Bruce Springsteen in 1972 for his debut album Greetings from Asbury Park, N.J., released in 1973.
Backing vocals are performed by Richards, Jagger, Bernard Fowler, Sarah Dash, and Lisa Fischer.
The instrumental track features Beck on guitar, Jason Rebello on keyboards, Tal Wilkenfeld on bass guitar and Alessia Mattalia on drums.
It was received positively by music critics and included on several lists of the best songs during the time it was released.
It is the theme for Aragorn and Arwen Evenstar.
The final single, "Ups & Downs" featuring Bee Gees, was released on August 15, 2005.
This song expresses Shakira's opinion about God.
The lyrics describe a figure who takes the narrator up through the sky.
In 2004, Rolling Stone ranked it #455 on their list of the 500 Greatest Songs of All Time.
The song was an Italian hit for singer Nilla Pizzi.
Certified quintuple platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America, it sold more than 2.8 million copies in the United States.
The song's title refers to the Cumberland Gap, a mountain pass in the Appalachian Mountains at the juncture of the states of Tennessee, Virginia, and Kentucky.
In Brazil, the first release as a digital single was that of Michel Teló.
Stevens was recovering during what amounted to nearly a year of convalescence, after being diagnosed with a collapsed lung and tuberculosis.
"Crippled Inside" is a song written and performed by John Lennon from his 1971 album Imagine.
On the cover is a soldier embracing a Native American woman.
Sleeping with the Past is the 22nd studio album by the English singer-songwriter Elton John, released on 29 August 1989.
Paul McCartney once described the ballad as "the killer song of all time".
Cole Porter's original version was also featured on The Simpsons Season 15, Episode 15, entitled "Co-Dependent's Day".
The debut was different from newer versions of Halloween, and it is also the longest version of the song to date.
"All of My Friends Were There" is a song by the British rock band The Kinks.
It was released as a single 4 years later in 1989 and reached #6 on the US Mainstream Rock chart.
If he lives, the passenger is granted the title "Master of Sparks".
Her version was released on 15 May 1939.
The Main Monkey Business is an instrumental from Rush's 2007 album Snakes & Arrows.
Due to a high level of fan interest, the song was included on the album as an interlude.
It was released as a seven-inch grammophone record.
Musically inspired by Hanni El Khatib's "Roach Cock", the song is a power ballad with a slow tempo exploring different styles and music genres.
Lyrics of the song were also changed to "Anaheim Ducks, this one's for you..."
It is the first track Apple wrote solely for a film.
The song was performed as the concert tour's opening track.
The song was used as the theme song for the PlayStation 3 RPG game Tales of Xillia, the thirteenth main entry in the Tales series.
She has also achieved success in fashion, with her clothing line, Fetish.
The tune has also been used for a hymn or spiritual song, "I Know Why There's Music in the Quiet Summer Morning."
The song features Hammond organ, which provides the track with a drone-like quality typical of Indian music, electric guitar feedback, and an overdubbed brass section.
Pat Benatar started writing the song after reading a series of articles on child abuse in the New York Times.
"All Around the World" is a song by Mexican pop artist Paulina Rubio from her album, Brava!.
The song was published in 1926 and first recorded by Clarence Williams' Blue Five with vocalist Eva Taylor in 1927.
The song was used in the finale of the American version of Life on Mars.
"Only Human" is a song by British singer Example.
It was written by lead-singer Lauri Ylönen.
I couldn't play records, so I made up little acoustic pieces.
"Son of Your Father" is a song by Elton John with lyrics by Bernie Taupin.
It was written by Kevin Jonas Sr., and band members Nick Jonas, Joe Jonas and Kevin Jonas.
"Bad Girl" is a song by Japanese recording artist Meisa Kuroki from her debut extended play, Hellcat.
"You Belong to Me" is a romantic pop music ballad from the 1950s.
It started as a march for a regiment in Ingolstadt but gained popularity in the Austro-Prussian War and Franco-Prussian War.
The song has also been placed on Svensktoppen, with 2nd place as the best, 6 April–3 August 2002, but failed on 10 August.
Don often closed the "Suck 'em Up" show by performing the song "I'll Remember You".
"Infamy" is a rock song by English band The Rolling Stones released on their 2005 album A Bigger Bang.
The song's development was conceived after JoJo released a cover version of the song "Marvins Room" by Drake, which was also produced by Shebib.
A concept album based on Alice in Wonderland, the album was well received by critics, but was not successful in the charts.
It was revived in World War II and Marlene Dietrich sang it in Paris in 1939 during the celebration of the national day of 14 July.
Author Chris Willman wrote that this was "a song that could send a chill down even a seasoned spine after repeat listens."
On the cover, there are three cartoon soldiers.
"Superpower" is a song recorded by American singer Beyoncé, featuring Frank Ocean from her fifth studio album, Beyoncé.
"It Ain't Gonna Be Easy" is a song by Elton John with lyrics by Gary Osborne.
It was originally recorded by Mats Rådberg on the 1975 album På egen hand.
"Alice Childress" is a song from Ben Folds Five's 1995 self-titled debut album.
Seegers, a struggling street artist in Nashville, Tennessee lived as a homeless musician.
"Speechless" debuted on the Billboard Hot 100 at ninety-four for the week of December 12, 2009.
It is a love song, in which the narrator tells his paramour that her love for him "makes me weak, and knocks me off my feet".
The publisher, Forster Music Publisher, Inc., sold 4 million copies.
Her version became a hit, reaching number seven on the U.S. Country charts and No.96 on the Billboard Hot 100.
"So you are always drawing the comedy line of what you will or won't do."
The track was written by Bieber and also co-written and produced by production duo Johntá Austin and Bryan-Michael Cox.
"Hunting the Hun" is the name of a war song that was popular during World War I.
While some people accused him of using his Athens music connections to get ahead and then desert the scene, R.E.M.
New York alternative metal band Helmet included a cover version of the song on their 1994 album Betty.
I Know Who Killed Me is a 2007 American psychological thriller film directed by Chris Sivertson and starring Lindsay Lohan.
This song often segued into "Moonlight Drive", or vice versa, which follows it on the album.
Earl Zindars, in an interview conducted by Win Hinkle, said that "Blue in Green" was 100-percent written by Bill Evans.
The song features American singer Frank Ocean and was produced by Pharrell Williams, with additional production from Timbaland.
In December, Melanie C reunited with the Spice Girls for a world tour and to release a greatest hits album.
The song's musical background was also used to introduce the album on the title track.
The song has had many cover versions over the years.
The friend posted the demo on Myspace, where it became very successful and led to interest from XL Recordings.
Main Naahin Maakhan Khaayo is a popular Indian bhajan, a Hindu devotional song written by 15th-century mystic-poet, Surdas set to Raga Ramkali.
1 in Canada for The Guess Who.
This record reached #1 on the US chart on April 9, 1949.
"New Slaves" is a song performed by American hip hop recording artist Kanye West, taken from his sixth studio album Yeezus.
It reached number 1 on the UK Singles Chart for three weeks and reached the top ten in many other European countries.
"San Antonio Rose" was an instrumental song written by Bob Wills, who first recorded it with the Playboys on November 28, 1938.
"We Care a Lot" featured different lyrics and ad-libs when performed by Mike Patton, much like performances of "Chinese Arithmetic".
It was written by Olivia Waithe, Parker Ighile and Nathan Cassells alongside Rihanna, with production handled by Ighile and Cassells.
An international hit, it reached number 1 on the Billboard Country Singles chart and number 5 on the Billboard Hot 100.
It is included on his 1977 solo album, Going Public.
The French version was sung by Sacha Distel, and it was his first hit song, becoming number one in France.
The live version of the song was released as a promotional single in 2008.
The track was released on 23 September 2011 as part of her debut album Cinderella's Eyes.
The song features Deepika Padukone, Ranveer Singh and Supriya Pathak in the video.
Though it was never a single in either the United Kingdom or the United States, it does remain a fan favourite.
It has a Roud Folk Song Index number of 802.
The performance received positive reviews from music critics.
The record was a dance club hit in the UK.
The song describes Christmas both during the birth of Jesus, and today.
Under the new moniker, he released a reggae album, Reincarnated.
Bill Wyman performs bass while Charlie Watts plays the song's distinctive, driving beat.
Recordings took place in Vanguard studios in 71 West 23rd Street, New York City.
The country's population of 53,158 people is spread out over 29 coral atolls, comprising 1,156 individual islands and islets.
"Bring Him Back Home", also known as "Bring Him Back Home", is an anthemic anti-apartheid protest song written by South African musician Hugh Masekela.
The song was later made famous by Joan Jett & the Blackhearts in 1982.
The released version only has one verse.
"Shadowplay" is a song by the English rock band Joy Division.
Ironically the song, perhaps the best example of Dury's 'Englishness' and 'Essexness', was given its oompah, fairground like arrangement by an American, Steve Nugent.
The song has been used to title many compilation albums and also the 2001 biography Groovin' High: The Life of Dizzy Gillespie.
The song is from Act I of a play Grania and Diarmid co-written in poetic prose by Yeats and the Irish novelist George Moore.
Irish folk song collector Colm Ó Lochlainn described "Mrs. Grath" as "known to every true born citizen of Dublin".
It was written by Axel Hedfors, Juan Najera, Klas Åhlund, Ryon Lovett, Sebastian Ingrosso, Steve Angello, Terry Lewis and Usher himself.
"Carry Me Back to Old Virginny" is a song which was written by James A.
The lyric is unexpectedly complex; the point of view, Jagger as narrator, speaks to the mistress apologetically and with a guilty conscience...
The song was also recorded and charted as a duet by Kitty Kallen and Georgie Shaw.
"Pussy Cat, Pussy Cat" is a popular English language nursery rhyme.
The Canadian Football League Montreal Alouettes play it whenever they get a first down at home
The 1960 recording by Joan Baez features only a fragment of the full ballad.
The song is a tribute to and sendup of various B movies and serials parodied in the show itself.
It describes the story of two boys who grow up to fight in a war.
The two songs on "What She Doesn't Know" were recorded by Steve Albini in Chicago during the sessions for Nastasia's 2006 album On Leaving.
"The Happy Elf" is a holiday song with music and lyrics by Harry Connick Jr.
The song was publicly released in its entirety for the first time on the Bee Gees' 2010 compilation box set Mythology.
The song itself is much older than 1948; it has been seen in a 1931 Recreation magazine.
It is sometimes referred to as the "Portsmouth Hornpipe".
"Mine" received critical acclaim from music critics, who praised the song's production, Beyoncé's vocal performance and the song's breakdown.
The song has been recorded by many other artists over the years.
According to Midler biographer Mark Bego, Midler's version is "a real treat," giving the song a "slow and pensive treatment" that brings the character to life."
Dennis Day included the song on his album Shillelaghs & Shamrocks!.
"Angela" is a ballad performed by the Bee Gees for their album E.S.P.
The song charted at Svensktoppen for 27 weeks between 18 May-2 October 1996, and also topped the chart.
Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band" has also been released on various Beatles singles and compilation albums.
It was originally recorded as a ballad, by the Irish boy band Westlife, but was never released as a single.
It was released on the single "I'm Sticking with You/After Hours".
"Steel Guitar Rag" is the seminal Western swing instrumental credited with popularizing the steel guitar as an integral instrument in a Western band.
A folk version was published by E.C.
Though credited to Lennon–McCartney, it was written by Paul McCartney.
The song was written for both voice and piano.
"So Happy I Could Die" received mostly positive reviews, with critics complimenting its sexual nature.
The 2006 reissue of the album includes a film clip of "Living in the Material World", featuring archival footage of the vinyl LP's manufacturing process.
The song has been used as the promo song for IPL 2016 .
The song is over seven minutes long, and begins with a Keith Richards open-G tuned guitar intro.
"Someone" is a song by American singer Kelly Clarkson from her seventh studio album, Piece by Piece.
Sigrid Sköldberg-Pettersson wrote lyrics while Emmy Köhler wrote music.
There has been a lot of resistance to the video from some media outlets.
At Dansbandskampen 2009, the song was also recorded by The Playtones.
alongside Mike Dean, features a guest appearance from fellow American rapper Lil Wayne on the album version.
"True Love Waits" is a song by the English alternative rock band Radiohead.
The song was published by Waterson, Berlin & Snyder, Inc. in New York City.
This effect is seen on Die Ärzte's homepage, where "Geschwisterliebe" is not shown in either the track list of Die Ärzte or Ab 18.
The flugelhorn solo in the middle of the song is often replaced by a harmonica solo by Young in live performances.
The tenor vocals were Billy Murray and Albert Campbell.
The English band Crowns, cover the song on their 2012 album Stitches in the Flag.
The Swallow Song is a folk song.
Old Crow Medicine Show's final version was certified Platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America in April 2013.
The song talks about getting tired of waiting on someone to want to take the relationship to the next level, and "movin on" to someone else.
Originally, the song was recorded by Bing Crosby for the biggest-selling hit version, while other contemporaneous hit versions included recordings by Tommy Dorsey and Russ Morgan.
"The Happiest Days of Our Lives" is a song by Pink Floyd.
"Ooh Baby" is a song by English musician George Harrison, released in 1975 on his album Extra Texture.
It was composed by Queen and Marcos Masis alongside the duo, while being produced by Luny Tunes and Tainy.
is a song written by Chica Sato, Hajime Tachibana, and Toshio Nakanishi for Plastics, released in 1979 from their debut album Welcome Plastics.
Critics appreciated the "vintage" production of the song and labeled it a stand-out track on the album, while also noting its New Order influence.
Burke's most famous recordings, which spanned five years in the early 1960s, bridged the gap between mainstream R&B and grittier R&B.
It was the first single lifted from her second Japan studio album titled K.I.S.S.. Stateside, the NOH8 campaign theme song Love Is the Answer.
Ramona and Beezus is a 2010 American family adventure comedy film adaptation based on the Ramona series of novels written by Beverly Cleary.
It was most famously recorded by Bascom Lamar Lunsford in 1928 for Brunswick Records in Ashland, Kentucky.
"Wallace" is a song recorded by American rapper Azealia Banks for her debut studio album Broke with Expensive Taste.
The term "I AM" is a reference to the ancient Sanskrit mantra "So Ham", meaning "I Am that I Am".
In the 1970s and 1980s, Buffett frequently sang the song in concert with one of the choruses replaced with "why don't we get stoned and screw."
Picturised on Hrithik Roshan and Priyanka Chopra, the song was popular and won the following awards:
The title of the song was the inspiration behind Steven J. Andrews' debut novel, 'Don't Sit Under the Apple Tree'.
Written by John Mann and Geoffrey Kelly, the song tells of a drinking spree in London.
The song was nominated for "Best Song" in 1946 but lost out to "On the Atchison, Topeka and the Santa Fe".
It was commissioned by the Lions head coach, Sir Clive Woodward for the 2005 British and Irish Lions tour to New Zealand as the official song.
Young's orchestral version was a #13 hit on the Billboard charts in 1957.
The Good Will Hunting version was re-cut at Jackpot!
It was published in London in 1914, but a December, 1913 copyright for the music is claimed by Zo Elliott.
"From what I gather, there was an album out, the best of The Rolling Stones, called High Tides and Green Grass.
Wine fraud may come in several forms.
Reflecting the continued influence of Indian classical music on Harrison's writing, the composition includes a series of unusual time changes.
This dynamic contrast was referred to by the band as "serious guitar music."
"Peace on Earth" is a song by rock band U2 and the eighth track on their 2000 album All That You Can't Leave Behind.
Written by the band's flautist Ray Thomas, "Dear Diary" was first released on the 1969 album On the Threshold of a Dream.
"When Joanna Loved Me" is a 1964 song.
The dollar sign is a symbol primarily used to indicate the various units of currency around the world.
"You and I" is a song written and sung by Stevie Wonder from his 1972 album Talking Book.
The track is composed by composer duo Vishal-Shekhar and the lyrics are penned by Dadlani.
Heart of Wetona is a World War I era song released in 1919 by Leo Feist, Inc. of New York, New York.
Crouch wrote the song and it is considered one of his most well-known songs.
"For Whom the Bell Tolls" is a song by American thrash metal band Metallica.
Brown re-recorded the song in 1962, when it made number 99 on the US pop chart.
It was the Pretenders' last successful single in North America.
It was first released by The Band on their 1969 album The Band and was subsequently released on several live and compilation albums.
It has received positive reviews from critics.
Bieber released a new single every week for 10 weeks from October 7 to December 9, 2013.
The actual film ends with the final shot of Mark's film, which is a shot of Angel.
The "Deep Elm Blues" is an American traditional song.
"Changes" is a song by English band Yes, from their 1983 album, 90125.
After the release of B'Day, "Upgrade U" started to gain popularity on R&B and hip hop radio stations in the United States.
"Black Tears" is a song by Australian alternative rock band Powderfinger, from their sixth studio album Dream Days at the Hotel Existence.
This song has multiple translations and multiple versions, which have slight changes in both Yiddish and English lyrics.
"Send It On" was written by Adam Anders, Nikki Hassman, and Peer Åström and produced by Anders and Åström.
"I Love You Truly" is a parlor song written by Carrie Jacobs-Bond.
Upon the release of Teenage Dream: The Complete Confection, the song charted on the UK Singles Chart at number 109.
"The Day Begins" is the opening track from The Moody Blues 1967 album Days of Future Passed.
Special features include full exit interviews and Ponderosa webisodes which were available to watch on http://www.cbs.com .
The hymn begins; "Into the heart of Jesus, deeper and deeper I go".
"Viderunt Omnes" is a traditional Gregorian chant of the 11th century.
Domino's recording of the song, released by Imperial Records in 1955, was a hit, eventually selling a million copies.
The song was played in concert from 1973 to 1976, 1979 and 1988.
"Europa" is an instrumental from the Santana album Amigos, written by Carlos Santana and Tom Coster.
It was a Billboard Top 20 Pop hit, peaking at number 15.
"Feel All My Love Inside" is an album track issued by Marvin Gaye on his 1976 album, I Want You.
"Send Me No Wine" is one of the more upbeat tracks from the album, which was John Lodge's signature type of song.
It opens with only piano and Bowie's vocal, before entering the catchy refrain.
"Lady" is a 1973 rock ballad written and performed by the rock band Styx.
The song was published in 1918 by McCarthy & Fisher, Inc. of New York, New York.
Capitol Records released the track as a promotional single two weeks before the album's release on August 10.
that was first released on album For you women - Gentle Rain in 1986 by Valery Leontiev .
The song was also notably featured in the 2003 cult film Party Monster.
"Temptation Waits" is a 1998 song performed by the band Garbage and is featured in their second studio album Version 2.0 as the opening song.
["Bye and Bye"] slowly gives way to the sentiments of a scary stalker.
We never played it again until the Tribute Tour with Johnny Van Zant."
It is played in the chords of A minor and C.
The song was originally played at Ragnar Dahlberg's TV program "På turné" on 1 July 1998.
A later Presley recording for the film The Trouble with Girls entitled "Violet" also used the melody of "Aura Lea".
"What Now" received generally positive reviews from music critics, with many calling it an emotional, stand-out song on the album and praising Rihanna's vocals.
It was used by many other authors in the following 75 years, for both variations and cantus firmus masses, and over 30 such reworkings are known.
The music video for "From tha Chuuuch to da Palace", was directed by Diane Martel, under the alias Bucky Chrome.
"One" was produced by frequent collaborator Jake Gosling and its music was based primarily on acoustic guitar.
"All Alone" is a popular waltz ballad composed by Irving Berlin in 1924.
"Suzy Lee" is a love song by the American rock band The White Stripes from their 1999 self-titled album.
It is generally dated to the mid-19th century, although it may have been based on an older tune from Ulster.
The music was composed and written by L. Wolfe Gilbert and Anatole Friedland.
The song is notable for having two extended guitar solos that stretch the song to nearly 10 minutes.
"Neuköln" is an instrumental piece written by David Bowie and Brian Eno in 1977 for the album "Heroes".
The song "He Was My Brother" was dedicated to Andrew Goodman, who was their friend and a classmate of Simon at Queens College.
Featuring lyrics written by vocalist Eddie Vedder and music written by guitarist Stone Gossard, "Brother" was an outtake from the band's debut album, Ten.
It was released in August 2013 as a promotional single from Eldredge's debut album, Bring You Back.
The song's time signature is 4/4 in the intro but once the drums enter it changes to 10/4.
He sings of unrequited love, using a departing train as a metaphor for his loss.
Morsgrisar is a song and singing game, of unknown origin.
"Farewell My Friend" is a song written by Dennis Wilson.
A Methodist camp meeting variant appeared with title "Tenting Again" in 1869, using the same tune but words modified for the religious environment.
"Going Down For The Third Time" is a song written and composed by Holland–Dozier–Holland and recorded by Motown singing group The Supremes in 1967.
A bourrée was a type of dance that originated in France with quick duple meter and an upbeat.
The style of the piece has been compared to a James Bond theme.
Band publicist Derek Taylor dubbed the unusual work a "pocket symphony".
Knocked 'em in the Old Kent Road" is a British music hall comedy song written in 1891 by the actor and singer Albert Chevalier.
Tomtegubben som hade snuva, also known as En liten tomtegubbe satt en gång, is a children's song from 1915, written by Felix Körling.
"Graffiti My Soul" includes a sample of Peplab's "It's Not the Drug."
Written and sung by guitarist/keyboardist Roger Hodgson, the song is a collage of progressive instrumentation and sound samples.
It was written by Glenn Frey and Don Henley and appeared on the 1973 album Desperado as well as numerous compilation albums.
As of September 2014, he has sold over 1.4 million albums.
The B-side of the single was "Along the Navajo Trail" by Larry Markes, Dick Charles, and Eddie DeLange.
The St Helen's church office controls access to St Peter's.
Hit versions were recorded by both Syl Johnson and Talking Heads.
"Judas Rising" is a song by heavy metal band Judas Priest.
While reviewing the poem The New York Times wrote in the April 1913 edition that; "In the Bazaars of Hyderabad" shines like an oriental gem.
"One More Rainy Day" is a song by English hard rock group Deep Purple.
Beautiful Intentions, her third album, was released in April 2005.
"Simple Man" is the last track on Side 1 of Lynyrd Skynyrd's debut album,.
Gyöngyhajú lány was covered in Poland, Czech Republic, Yugoslavia, Bulgaria and Lithuania.
This also led to Debil's being indexed due to the songs "Claudia hat 'nen Schäferhund" and "Schlaflied".
Composed by Sanjay Leela Bhansali, the song is sung by Shreya Ghoshal and Osman Mir, with lyrics penned by Siddharth-Garima.
The song was originally recorded during the Invincible recording sessions under the name "She Was Lovin' Me".
"James Hatley" is the name of Child Ballad 244, existing in several variants.
"Troublemaker" is the second of three promotional singles from Akon's third studio album, Freedom.
David Fincher, Gore Verbinski, Lasse Hallström, Miloš Forman, and Cameron Crowe had all been possible candidates for director before Spielberg decided to direct.
Written by Jessica Cornish, Ashton Thomas and produced by same.
It is the final song of Act I and is one of the most famous and iconic songs of the musical.
And again quotes from the song with the line:
The song title also varies by location.
"Chadti Jawani Meri Chaal Mastani" is a Bollywood film song from the 1971 film Caravan.
"Regntunga skyar" is a song performed by Alice Babs and Adolf Jahr in the Swedish 1940 film Swing it, magistern!
The track was written by both Stefani and 3000, while 3000 was the sole producer of the track.
It has been called "a pillar of grandiose, assaultive hard rock" by the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame.
The song was written by the band and produced by co-lead vocalist Mike Shinoda and Rick Rubin.
His main recording was made for Victor on November 20, 1919 under the name of Selvin's Novelty Orchestra.
Richards and Jagger took credit for the song.
"Pretty Tied Up" is a song by the rock band Guns N' Roses.
Most likely, it was derived from the French delicacy known as bûche cakes, which are traditional desserts shaped like miniature logs made of sponge cake.
Key: Sugar Magnolia: A; Sunshine Daydream: B
It also won the Golden Globe in the same category as well as the Grammy Award for Best Song Written for a Movie.
The "Eruption" introduction is based on the "Let Me Swim" introduction by Cactus.
It peaked at number 11 on Canadian Hot 100.
This version, with its short but distinctive tremolo guitar riff, was under consideration as the title track of an eventually unreleased 1964 blues album.
La voce is a song recorded by Italian singer Laura Pausini, for her third studio album, Le cose che vivi, released in September 1996.
The following week it stayed on top with 197,000 copies sold and was certified Gold.
Cheepnis is a song by Frank Zappa and The Mothers, which is a tribute to B-movies.
"Know Your Enemy" is a song by the American rap metal band Rage Against the Machine.
The song consists of three verses, two of which describe dream visions involving Mother Nature.
It was originally written by RedOne, Lady Gaga, Aliaune "Akon" Thiam, Claude Kelly and Tami Chynn for Chynn's second studio album Prima Donna in 2007.
The song itself has a slow, ethereal sound to it, and Ray Thomas's lead vocal track is run through a Leslie speaker for an eerie effect.
Jagger performs the song's prominent acoustic guitar riff.
"Beautiful World" is a song by Irish boy band Westlife.
The mix, in which Bowie's lead vocal is buried within the instrumental sections, has generated discussion among critics and fans.
Additionally, "These Walls" won Best Rap/Sung Collaboration.
"Rolling Stone Book of Lists" called Folk City one of the three top music venues in the world, along with The Cavern and CBGB.
The image was also used by the Early Christian Hippolytus of Rome in about the year 200 and has continued to be used by modern Christians.
Rod Temperton, the songs composer, received a songwriting for "I'm That Chick" as result.
The UK version was released in a blue vinyl format.
It was covered by Tiny Tim on his album Tiny Tim's Second Album.
All Is Lost is a 2013 survival drama film written and directed by J. C. Chandor.
The song was covered by English progressive metal band TesseracT on their "Perspective EP".
It was first recorded by George Formby, Jr. in 1940.
"I Don't Play That" is a song by American singer La Toya Jackson.
The original album recording featured Mingo Lewis.
"Oh Very Young" is a song composed by Cat Stevens.
Mein Herz weiß genau, was es will is a German-language recording made by United States entertainer Connie Francis.
You mix it all up and you have 'Street Hassle'."
and Carousel, the pair sought a subject for their next play.
"Walls of Red Wing" is a folk and protest song, written by American singer-songwriter Bob Dylan.
An alternate version, "No Line on the Horizon 2", was included as a bonus track on some versions of the album.
"Sexy Sadie" is a song by the English rock group the Beatles from their 1968 album The Beatles.
Both Warren and Howard collaborated on the song's melody, which borrows from Howard's own orchestral score, while Warren wrote the lyrics herself.
In late July, the song was included on the soundtrack for the 2011 FIFA Women's World Cup Final.
"Working Man" is a song by rock band Rush from their self-titled debut album.
includes a version of the song by Barenaked Ladies.
The poem talks about the bystanders' apathy as they watch the events, not in any way attempting to stop them.
Composed by A. R. Rahman, the song is sung by Haricharan and Shreya Ghoshal, with lyrics penned by Madhan Karky.
It was planned for the track to open the album, but "No Line on the Horizon" was chosen instead.
The song was also included in the second volume of the soundtrack of The WB's television drama Dawson's Creek.
Also the banned lyrics are not available, and the MP3 cannot be purchased.
"Señorita" is a song from the 2011 film Zindagi Na Milegi Dobara.
A large chart hit in Israel several years ago, it has now come to symbolize a call for peace and end to the Arab–Israeli conflict.
The song was released in the United Kingdom as a B-side to "These Words".
They say there's always magic in the air" from The Drifters' song "On Broadway".
However, in later interviews Jimmy said that the inspiration actually came from graffiti on a bridge in Key West Florida.
The album was certified Platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America.
The cover art for the song featured a woman dressed in a cape with a feathered hat speaking to a soldier.
60 on the official UK Singles chart.
Even though the song received single status in Canada, Kay does not consider it her first single.
"Blue Moon" is a classic popular song written by Richard Rodgers and Lorenz Hart in 1934, and has become a standard ballad.
It was first recorded for Morgan's Blue Note album of the same name, on December 21, 1963, and has become a jazz standard.
Slick was poking fun at Dryden, then her lover, because he was the first person in the band to reach that milestone age of thirty.
Smith's recording of the song remains the most commercially successful and most well-known version in the United States.
The song recounts the advent of rock & roll, telling the story of a girl named Jenny whose "life was saved by rock and roll.”
"Age" is a song written and recorded by Jim Croce and his wife Ingrid.
Although it is often believed that King himself wrote the song, Sonny Thompson is officially credited as the author of the tune.
"Dig a Pony" was the penultimate song played at the concert on the rooftop of Apple Studios in Savile Row, London, on 30 January 1969.
It has since been added to deadmau5's official website.
The song was released officially on the Columbia album The Bootleg Series Volumes 1–3 1961–1991.
The music was written by James P. Johnson, the lyrics by Henry Creamer.
"Sumer Is Icumen In" is a medieval English round or rota of the mid-13th century.
"Poor Mary" or "Poor Jenny" is a popular English language nursery rhyme and singing game.
In general, the song extols the beauty of a woman called Peigín, and tells how she attracts not only the poet but men from different districts.
In 2012 Steps covered the song on their album Light Up the World.
The instrumental itself is actually a medley of several Dream Theater and Liquid Tension Experiment classics.
Live versions featuring Edmunds and Lowe harmonizing appeared on two albums from Rockpile, the group featuring both singers, as well as Billy Bremner and Terry Williams.
Critics have written that while performing the song, Zappa comes off as calm yet passive-aggressive.
Thundercat's "Them Changes" from his 2015 record The Beyond / Where the Giants Roam also samples the song.
The song also makes allusions to Dylan's personal relationship with fellow folk singer Joan Baez, at the time of its composition and subsequent release.
It is one of the fewer than forty all-time singles to have sold 10 million physical copies worldwide.
They opened the set with "Chest Fever".
"It Isn't Fair" is a popular song written by Richard Himber, Frank Warshauer, and Sylvester Sprigato and published in 1933.
U2 brought back Eno and Lanois, who had produced three of the band's previous albums.
"Happy Song" is a song by British rock band Bring Me the Horizon.
Björk promoted the song by performing it throughout her Biophilia Tour.
Despite not being released as a single, the song debuted at number 72 on the UK Singles Chart on the strength of paid downloads alone.
"A Spanish Piece" is a short track from Pink Floyd's Soundtrack from the Film More album, running for just a minute and four seconds.
"Artsakh" is a instrumental folk song from Armenian contemporary composer Ara Gevorgyan's 1999 album Ani.
The character Bonejangles introduces the song with the following lyrics: "What a story it is; a tragic tale of romance, passion and murder most foul".
"Octavo Día" is a song written and performed by Colombian singer-songwriter Shakira.
It also appears on the 1999 album Far Cry From Dead, a posthumous collection that presents new versions of several of Van Zandt's best songs.
"Evert" is a song written by Eddie Meduza.
Lewis revealed that her cover of "Run" inspired Timberlake.
This was the first song of Rodgers and Hammerstein's musical collaboration to be heard by theatre audiences.
All versions of the song were produced by Whitfield.
"New York State of Mind" is a song written by Billy Joel which initially appeared on the album Turnstiles in 1976.
The song was later announced to be included on her 2015 album Art Angels.
The song has been covered by other artists, including Steve Earle and Chrissie Hynde.
It is an enduring classic of Canadian folk music, covered by a variety of other artists.
Perkins' original version of the song was on the Cashbox Best Selling Singles list for 16 weeks and spent two weeks in the number two position.
The song was published by Vandersloot Music Publishing Company of Williamsport, Pennsylvania.
It was not released as a single, though it was released as a B-side to "I Ain't Gonna Stand for It" four years later, in 1980.
Its Roud Folk Song Index number is 4501.
Several of these performances saw official release via the band's deal with Instant Live.
The song was written by the band and produced by co-lead vocalist Mike Shinoda and lead guitarist Brad Delson.
Lyricist Jerome "Jerry" Leiber and composer Mike Stoller were American songwriting and record producing partners.
Originally titled "Ke Kali Nei Au", Al Hoffman and Dick Manning translated the original Hawaiian words into English and renamed it "Hawaiian Wedding Song".
"Hawaiian Wedding Song" is a traditional pop music song recorded by singer Andy Williams in 1959.
Instead, they appeared when the song was recorded for grammophone record for first time.
"#34" is a song by Dave Matthews Band, featured as an instrumental piece on their debut album, Under the Table and Dreaming.
It was awarded the 5 Dove seal of approval from The Dove Foundation.
It is the first song from the 1996 album Wait.
It is the fifth track from the band's second album, White Light/White Heat.
Milton Ager wrote "Ain't She Sweet" for his daughter Shana Ager, who in her adult life was known as the political commentator Shana Alexander.
Richard Charles Rodgers was an American composer of music for more than 900 songs and for 43 Broadway musicals.
"You & Me" is a song by Japanese band Superfly.
One of his earliest songs and singles, it was included by Clement Dodd in the first The Wailers album Wailing Wailers, 1965.
At slightly over eight minutes, it is to date Weezer's longest song.
He also recorded the related songs "Born Blind", "Unseeing Eye", "Don't Lose Your Eye", and "Unseen Eye" during his career.
"Islands" is the title track of the album of the same name by the progressive rock band, King Crimson, released in 1971.
It is reprised shortly after by the Queen, who reassures him of his place in their family.
The song's length is 22:17, making it Dream Theater's fifth longest to date.
A typical filmi song and item number, the song's video depicts the fun and humour that prevail at traditional Punjabi weddings.
"Corrine, Corrina" has been recorded in a number of musical styles, including blues, jazz, rock and roll, Cajun, and Western swing.
It was the Moody Blues' second fully instrumental song on one of their albums.
Eight months later, Harrison released a North American edition of K.I.S.S.
The original version of the song was issued in May 1953.
"Under My Shades" is a song by Swedish singer Zara Larsson taken from her debut extended play, Introducing.
It was later performed by Susan Hayward, playing Roth, in the 1955 biographical film about Roth, I'll Cry Tomorrow.
Combined with the lyrics of Walter Lowe and Franklin Moss, Jr., it became the version heard on "Extensions..."
The song has been covered numerous times — so often, in fact, that it is "one of the most commercially programmed numbers in American popular music."
It quickly became popular and has been recorded by many artists.
Richard Rodgers originally composed this tune for the NBC television series Victory at Sea.
The song was released as a promotional single from their second album Iowa.
This Minstrel Song was written by Barney Fagan & Gustav Luders in 1896.
And when we sat we've always won,
He sampled the song "Gentleman" by Fela Kuti.
When shall I be, My God, with Thee, to see Thy face?
It was also the official Miss Teen USA 2012 theme song.
On November 30, the song received a Nomination in 54th Grammy Awards for Best Country Solo Performance.
"Back in the Day" is a 2003 hip-hop song by Missy "Misdemeanor" Elliott, featuring guest vocals from Jay-Z and Elliott protégé Tweet.
It was most notably covered by and Gaelic/folk singer Kathleen MacInnes on the Òg-Mhadainn Shamhraidh album and Scottish folk band Mànran from their eponymous debut album,.
"Row, Row, Row Your Boat" is an English language nursery rhyme and a popular children's song.
The title comes from a refrain in the chorus:
It was the longest period for a war song to hold first place.
Any old port in a storm lads
De RigueurMortis is a 2001 album by Australian alternative-rock group TISM.
Although never released as a proper radio single, a music video for the song was made and was directed by longtime friend, Dick Rude.
The song and its B-side, "In a Lonely Place", were written as Joy Division prior to the death of Ian Curtis.
The song has remained a live staple since its release.
Kui passed within a couple years of penning "I'll Remember You".
In common usage, the sign appears to the left of the amount specified, as in $1.
"The Little Grey Mother Who Waits All Alone" is a World War I era song released in 1915.
In the Land O' Yamo Yamo is a World War I song written in 1917.
It is danced by men, and is very widespread in the city of Naousa.
"Computer Blue" is the fourth track on Prince and the Revolution's soundtrack album, Purple Rain.
The song was written by Dolores Claman, who also wrote the "The Hockey Theme", with lyrics by Richard Morris and orchestrations by Jerry Toth.
"An Olive Grove Facing the Sea" is a song from Snow Patrol's second album When It's All Over We Still Have to Clear Up.
It is featured on his 1993 studio album N'ssi N'ssi.
It is their only song to have been co-written by all five members of the band.
It was released on 29 October 2014 as the album's second promotional single.
Upon initial release, Pitchfork Media included it in their best new tracks section and rated it as 34th best song of the year.
UP has institutional autonomy as the country's national university as mandated by Republic Act No.
Written by Syd Barrett, it is the eighth song on their 1967 debut album, The Piper at the Gates of Dawn.
Reception towards the song was mixed, though numerous reviews likened the track's guitar riffs to Led Zeppelin.
However, it was released as a 7" vinyl single in April 2013 from Bob Dylan The Bootleg Series Vol.
Is the first track of the album.
It first appeared as the opening track on the band's 1969 album Let It Bleed.
"Livin' Thing" is a song written by Jeff Lynne and performed by Electric Light Orchestra.
The music was composed by Egbert Van Alstyne, with lyrics added by Harry Williams.
It was also covered by The Kaisers, Marshall Crenshaw, Pearl Jam and The Derailers.
Robert Fripp and Bill Bruford initially disliked the song and declined to record it for that album.
Sinatra recorded the song after hearing an earlier cover of it by O.C.
The song has eight verses, and describes the Christmas elves the evening before Christmas.
Its review of the song also called it an epic as fascinating as "Bohemian Rhapsody" and one of Queen's finest studio achievements.
The song was written by the band and produced by co-lead vocalist Mike Shinoda and Rick Rubin.
The song was released on 11 November 2014 on iTunes as a part of Beyond the Lights soundtrack.
The phrase is used in four verses of the Book of Revelation.
I know I'll miss her more than I can say
The recording was released by Capitol Records as catalog number 3095.
Deep Purple and Kula Shaker have also had hits with covers of the song.
There are two main guitars which are often in a different time signature, giving the song a chaotic and intense feel.
This performance was also included on the 2001 compilation album Morning Glory: The Tim Buckley Anthology.
The lyrics were by Harold Lake and the music by Charles Marshall.
In the context of the film, "Patience" is a socially conscious song written by C.C.
Other versions appear on Zappa in New York, Thing-Fish, You Can't Do That on Stage Anymore, Vol.
"Birthday" has been performed on Amuro's concert tour named Livegenic 2015–2016.
The song drew comparisons to Slayer's 1986 track "Angel of Death"—also penned by Hanneman—which similarly caused outrage at the time of its release.
In 2007, vocalist Beth Hart released the album 37 Days, which included a cover of this song.
It sampled an interpolation from the composition He’s the Wizard written by Charlie Smalls.
It was composed by Joe Carl and first arranged by Al Ahronheim in the 1970s.
This recording was released by RCA Victor Records as catalog number 20-3609 and 47-3115.
The song was first released in 1965 on the album, Elvis for Everyone.
The same chord structure was later used by John Coltrane for his standard "Impressions".
But due to Warhol's typically minimal reaction, Bowie was never sure if he liked it or not.
He eventually learns he has been bonded with the demon Zarathos.
Taylor performs the song's guitars while Keith Richards and Charlie Watts perform bass and drums, respectively.
"Your Feet's Too Big" is a song composed in 1936 by Fred Fisher with lyrics by Ada Benson.
I never thought I'd get to be the thing that all these other children see... look .. at .. me".
In 1969, the song was recorded by The Chieftains.
"Spoon" is a Dave Matthews Band song from the album Before These Crowded Streets.
"I'm Henery the Eighth, I Am" is a 1910 British music hall song by Fred Murray and R. P. Weston.
A dramatic ballad in the Roy Orbison vein, the composition features unusual changes in time signature and a melody that incorporates musical tension.
It tells the story of an 1873 buffalo hunt on the southern plains.
It is regarded as one of the most important of the recordings that helped generate and shape rock and roll.
The song was left off the album when it was finally released in 2010.
At the death of his father, Kim Jong-il had his own cult.
In "Slug", the instrumentation is intended to represent the lights turning on in a city at night.
Whilst on tour, the costume appeared on Saturday Night Live and at the Spike Video Game Awards.
It is the seventh track on their debut album, xx, and the only track from it that was written and performed without former member Baria Qureshi.
Jackson's version, styled as a pop ballad, was his first song to chart on Billboard's Hot Adult Contemporary Chart in over seventeen years.
In the first verse, the writer mentions two battles between Scotland and England as well as the Jacobite uprising of 1745-6; Bannockburn, Flodden, and Culloden.
It is the eighth track from the American pop duo's fifth and final studio album, Bridge over Troubled Water.
It gained widespread popularity after being recorded in 1954 by singer King Pleasure.
The sheet music also included a note as to the true location of "Dixie":
Bland's version, the best known, was written in 1878 when many newly-freed slaves were struggling to find work.
As of 2017, the eleven characters considered part of the franchise are Snow White, Cinderella, Aurora, Ariel, Belle, Jasmine, Pocahontas, Mulan, Tiana, Rapunzel, and Merida.
It infuses R&B and pop with techno, funk, and elements of rock.
It was also sung by the Mekaal Hasan Band and featured in their 2009 Album, Saptak.
It is the eighth and final track on their final studio album, Coda.
That year, it was remixed for inclusion on the album Yellow Submarine Songtrack.
Begging is a 2013 song by Swedish singer Anton Ewald.
It is a love ballad composed in sufi style of music.
At that point in the band's career, Peter Buck has stated that their musical modus operandi was "three chords and a six-pack of beer."
Recordings that charted in 1952 were by the Sauter-Finegan Orchestra on RCA Victor Records and by Johnny Desmond on Coral Records.
"Here, My Dear" is a song written, composed and produced by American soul singer Marvin Gaye, issued on the album of the same name in 1978.
Aguilera performed the song live at the 2001 Grammy Awards.
While Carey solely wrote the lyrics to the song, both she and Afanasieff composed its music.
"Tango in the Night" is a song by British-American band Fleetwood Mac from their album of the same name.
This article describes a discography, released by Russian alternative rock band Jane Air.
The "It's a grand old team" section, however, bears no resemblance to "With cat-like tread" [1].
It is believed that Halloween is the second in a set of three songs written about said ex-girlfriend.
It was released on December 7, 2012, by Atlantic Records.
", while Geyer's version reprises the original "I was a queen to him.
Back to Basics achieved similar success internationally, reaching the top spot in over fifteen countries including Australia, Canada, Germany, Ireland, Switzerland and United Kingdom.
This now famous local piece pokes fun at one of the many whitening-stone sellers.
"En timme för sent" is a song written by Lasse Holm, and recorded by Kikki Danielsson in 1986 on the album Papaya Coconut.
The track was recorded in October 1971, a few weeks before Duane Allman's death in a motorcycle accident.
The song was the first written for the Smile project.
"Fools Fall in Love" is a song by Jerry Leiber and Mike Stoller.
The album was nominated for a Grammy Award for Best Alternative Music Album.
The iconic song was adopted in different protests in Cantonese-speaking regions, most prominently as the unofficial anthem of the 2014 Hong Kong protests.
"Thou Swell" is a show tune, a popular song and a jazz standard.
The limited edition release, includes a DVD and trading card.
The Young Person's Guide recording and another demo of the same song were recorded in 1968 by Giles, Giles and Fripp.
"Send My Love" is a pop song with an uptempo, rhythmic sound, which the singer describes as a "happy you're gone" song dedicated to an ex-boyfriend.
In 2012, fans voted for "Swinging London Town" to be included on the second disc to the deluxe edition of their greatest hits album Ten.
In 2013, The album was reissued again, this time with two CDs in celebration of the album's 30th anniversary.
At the time the song was written, the band had been drinking and doing many different drugs.
It was written to the tune of the Welsh battle song Men of Harlech in 1894 by Robert J. Collier, a Georgetown student.
One of Ochs' biographers wrote that "The War Is Over" is his "greatest act of bravery as a topical songwriter".
The song is one of the most popular song across the Sinosphere.
It was released in January 1977 as the second and final single from the album Kenny Rogers.
In 1958 the song was issued as a single in the UK, but failed to chart.
The song was also used in the 1987 film "Mer om oss barn i Bullerbyn".
"Cocaine Blues" is a Western Swing song written by T. J.
"Glendora" is a popular song written by Ray Stanley and published in 1956.
It was also covered by Dinosaur Jr. for the tribute album The Bridge: A Tribute to Neil Young, but never released.
The Breviary Hymns of the Rosary were the four hymns that were sung during the Liturgy of the Hours for the Feast of the Rosary.
"Gone" was well received my music critics, though it garnered comparisons with similarly-titled "Since U Been Gone".
The song was published by Jerome H. Remick & Co. and was arranged by J.B. Lampe.
In the lyrics, Richards reflects unapologetically on his lifestyle up to that point.
The song received the 1956 Academy Award for Best Original Song with the alternative title "Whatever Will Be, Will Be".
lang, Asleep at the Wheel, and other artists.
Driving his Mercedes, Bowie had spotted a drug dealer on the streets who he believed had ripped him off.
The Headstrongs married the Armstrongs, and that's why darkies were born."
Published in 1921, the song has flourished in several genres, particularly jazz, for ninety-six years.
Malice n Wonderland is the tenth studio album by American rapper Snoop's; it was released on December 8, 2009.
"Prisoner" is a song by Canadian singer The Weeknd, featuring American singer Lana Del Rey for his second studio album Beauty Behind the Madness.
The song's popularity peaked with the version performed by the Ukrainian singer Sofia Rotaru.
"Robin Hood and Queen Katherine" is Child ballad 145.
At Dansbandskampen 2008, the song was performed by Jannez.
The song was written by Jay-Z, The Edge and Bono and produced by Swizz Beatz.
A recording by Emmylou Harris and Gram Parsons was included on Parsons' posthumously released Grievous Angel album.
This song is one of the single from the album Songs for the Bhoys.
"17 Days" is one of the most famous of musician Prince's B-sides.
Will Steward and John is Child ballad 107, indexed as such in Francis James Child's 19th century collection of English and Scottish ballads.
Hirosue performed it on her first live tour in February 1999.
It was written by gaúcho singer Joe Euthanazia alongside Ronaldo Santos, and released as a B-side to the single "Ti Ti Ti".
The lyrics address what he later termed "the avalanche of thoughts that are so hard to write down or say or transmit".
However, "Angelina" was cut from the record, and fans would have to wait until 1991 when it was released on The Bootleg Series Volumes 1-3 1961-1991.
The lyrics tell of an argument between two men on "an East Virginia Farm."
Blue Blue is a song written by Bruce Woolley, and recorded by himself in 1980.
"Elaine" is a song recorded by Swedish pop group ABBA.
In 2016, American singer Cyndi Lauper recorded "Detour" with Emmylou Harris for her album Detour.
", featuring posthumous vocals from drummer Michael Dahlquist.
In the United States, the song peaked at number eighty-one on the Billboard Hot 100 and within the top seventy on the Pop 100.
However, due to their different careers they were forced to part ways, one becoming a national figure, the other, a village barber.
The first known recording of this piece was by Albert Benzler, recorded on Lakeside/U.S.Everlasting Cylinder #380 in June 1911.
While the song is well noted for it's unique guitar timbre which can be heard on other Isley Brother tracks such as "Voyage to Atlantis".
His Highness Abdullah was the highest-grossing Malayalam film of the year.
It became a top 40 hit in the United States, which helped the group build momentum.
The song tells the story of a mother of a soldier who is grieving her son's death.
It is not to be confused with the much better-known song from 1912, "It's a Long Way to Tipperary".
It was primarily written by Freddie Mercury, with Brian May contributing the second middle-eight.
It portrays Rihanna having an "emotional breakdown" and performing exorcism-type dance moves.
"Brown Robyn's Confession" is Child ballad 57.
This recording won a Grammy for Best Country Collaboration at the 44th Annual Grammy Awards in 2002.
The song had peaked at number fourteen on the Billboard Hot Dance Club Play chart.
One of his two one-act plays is entitled "Mr. Brownstone" and contains lyrics from the song.
You'll have to do your little parlez vous
"Here" is a popular song, with music written by Harold Grant and lyrics by Dorcas Cochran, published in 1954.
The song's musical background would be used for the song "Everybody Needs Love" from this album.
In 2004 British actor Bill Nighy picked Winter as his favourite track on the BBC's radio show Desert Island Discs.
"Control" is a song by American hip hop recording artist Big Sean, featuring fellow American rappers Kendrick Lamar and Jay Electronica.
"100 Years Ago" is a song by the Rolling Stones featured on their 1973 album Goats Head Soup.
Grande has also promoted the song with televised performances on The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon and on The Ellen DeGeneres Show.
Some editions combine the entire work into a single volume.
The chorus line, "Soulmates never die", was used as the title for the live DVD, Soulmates Never Die.
It was written by Bruno Mars, Philip Lawrence, Ari Levine, Albert Winkler, and Jeff Bhasker, while production was handled by The Smeezingtons in collaboration with Bhasker.
That was just rap off the top of my head.
A hidden song, entitled "Chinese Sleep Chant", shares this track with "Yes", bringing the length of the track up to over seven minutes.
"Free Form Guitar" is an avant-garde guitar piece written by Terry Kath for the rock band Chicago and recorded for their debut album Chicago Transit Authority.
The song heavily samples "I Have Nothing" performed by Whitney Houston and written by David Foster and Linda Thompson-Jenner, who received writing credits on "Tuscan Leather".
The song exhorts the listener to continue his or her journey, despite abandonment or lack of support from others.
Despite not being released as a single, the song appeared on several notable music charts due to digital downloads and streaming.
It fades out with Ace Frehley's solo, in a sort of studio trick.
The recording session was filmed live on the Sloop, while sailing up and down the Hudson River.
"Scenes from an Italian Restaurant" is a song from Billy Joel's 1977 album The Stranger.
Tom Paine as a figure may represent common sense or civil liberties, which the historical Tom Paine championed.
It is part of the Roud Folk Song Index and is number 4556 on the list.
"Ma, He's Making Eyes At Me" alternatively sung as "Ma, She's Making Eyes At Me" is a famous song published in 1921.
Following Harrison's introduction of the sitar on "Norwegian Wood" in 1965, it was the first Beatles song to fully reflect the influence of Indian classical music.
The song was written by Buddy DeSylva and Joseph Meyer, with Jolson often listed as a co-author.
Inspired by CeCe Peniston and Crystal Waters, "Walking on Air" is a deep house song influenced by 1990s Eurodance.
An alternate version without the backing singers was released on bootlegs.
It is a musical biography of Saint Jerome.
It was released as the B-side to "Jackie Wilson Said" in 1972.
at the Disco and is the sixth track on the band's fifth studio album, Death of a Bachelor.
is often cited as being the first "blues"-titled song.
"Moving in Stereo" is a song by the American rock band the Cars.
This song tells the tale of a coal keel
Among many honors, the film was nominated for Academy Award for Best Sound Editing and won the Golden Globe Award for Best Original Score.
Currently the tribute discography for Slipknot consists of four tribute albums and two tribute songs, by Bring Me the Horizon and Periphery.
Rolling Stone magazine ranked the song as  No.
Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band issued worldwide in June 1967.
It became a hit a year later when Donovan covered it.
"The Farmer in the Dell" is a singing game, nursery rhyme and children's song.
(The opening of the melody bears a resemblance to Gustav Holst's setting of the Christmas Carol "In the Bleak Midwinter".)
Midway through, the key shifts from A major to D major, in which the piece concludes.
"Little White Lies" is a popular song.
The song received favorable responses from contemporary music critics.
Recorded in the wake of controversial events surrounding her marriage, it was featured on Luny Tunes' reggaeton compilation album Mas Flow 2 before Flashback was released.
The video is available on the DVD included with the special edition of Gory Days.
Later versions feature the eponymous "Barnacle Bill", a fictional character loosely based on a 19th-century San Francisco sailor and Gold Rush miner named William Bernard.
After hearing Holmes perform the song in 1967, English rock group the Yardbirds substantially reworked it with new parts and instrumentation.
"Ah-Leu-Cha" was originally recorded by Charlie Parker All-Stars on September 18, 1948, in New York City for Savoy Records.
The second act of the show was lacking.
This version is also included on the compilation album B from 2009.
It was the first single to reach the UK Top 10 without the backing of a major record company.
"Internet Friends" is a song by Australian electro house duo Knife Party.
The song was played over the film's credits.
Vocalist Arthur Fields and Grace Woods recorded the song in 1918.
The song "War All the Time" is about growing up amidst conflict and confusion.
Notably, Live at the Atlanta International Pop Festival: July 3 & 5, 1970 contains two recordings of the song.
'What of the storm when the night is o'er?
The song was performed live during the last European leg of The Mrs. Carter Show World Tour and at the On the Run Tour in 2014.
Lyrics are about a teenager who had a lobotomy because of the brain damage caused by overexposure to DDT.
Vaijanthi Mala was shown wearing tight jeans and blouse and dancing seductively to match the theme of the song.
"North Country Blues" is a song by Bob Dylan, released on his third studio album The Times They Are a-Changin' in 1964.
The song appeared on Cheap Trick's 1979 album Dream Police.
Recorded on 15 February and finished on 20 February with "I'll Kiss Your Memory", "The Victim" and "Moonlight".
Springsteen performs the song solo on the album, with only guitar accompaniment.
Bowie wrote this song to his newborn son Duncan Jones.
It was completed in Bermuda in June 1980, after Lennon failed at an attempted telephone call to Yoko Ono.
Joel dedicated that performance to Christiano's, a restaurant in the nearby hamlet of Syosset, which operated until February 2014.
The song was rerecorded in 2000 for the unreleased album Toy that leaked in 2011.
"ATM Jam" is a song by American rapper Azealia Banks, featuring vocals from the track's producer Pharrell.
An Englishman can be a soldier too.
The song was written by Minaj and Tina Dunham.
At the 2014 MTV Video Music Awards, Beyoncé performed "Rocket" during a medley consisting of songs from her fifth studio album.
"Poison" is a song by American recording artist Beyoncé.
He originally wanted Phil Spector, or Mike Chapman to produce the song.
The notes for Smith's Anthology state that Lunsford learnt this song from Fred Moody, a North Carolina neighbor in 1901.
Bron-Yr-Aur was a holiday cottage used by Plant's parents near the village of Furnace in North Ceredigion, Wales.
Although Equinox stalled at #58, it went Gold in 1977 shortly before the release of The Grand Illusion.
It is the name of the chapter and it really sums it all up.
I'll dance all night an' work all day.
"My Sweetheart Is Somewhere in France" is a World War I era song first released in 1917.
The second verse discusses his supposed disillusionment with it, and the last verse portrays his life in prison after being convicted at the Nuremberg Trials.
But I know your lips are no man's land but mine."
The song originated during the very first jam session between band members guitarist Tom DeLonge and bassist Mark Hoppus.
In March 2014, the song was used for the reveal trailer of the video game This War of Mine.
The indie rock band Calexico covered "Corona," with mariachi horns, on their 2004 EP Convict Pool.
Meanwhile, Little John has been captured by the Sheriff, but Robin rescues him by impersonating Guy of Gisborne.
The song begins with dham dara dham dara refrains, sung by Murtuza Khan and Quadir Khan.
West also performed it on Leslie West Live!.
The song was featured in the 2001 film Blow.
The song was written in 1887 and first published in 1889 as an art song.
The others were "When Doves Cry" and "Darling Nikki".
The group have added their adaptation of the theme tune to The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air towards the end.
A live recording of the song, made for MTV in November 1994, was released on MTV Unplugged in 1995.
A music video by director James Larese of music video direction group Syndrome.
"Brotha" is a song by American R&B and soul singer Angie Stone, which appears on her second studio album Mahogany Soul.
It is a compilation of mostly songs previously released on mixtapes.
It was released on May 20, 2008 as the second single from their second studio album Planeta Kumbia.
"Sam Stone" is a song written by John Prine about a drug-addicted veteran with a Purple Heart and his death by overdose.
David was drifting and bored and wanted to do something else, and that song just added fuel to the fire."
Jimmy Buffett's Margaritaville is the name of a United States-based casual dining American restaurant chain and a chain of stores selling Jimmy Buffett-themed merchandise.
"Night Flight" is a song by English rock band Led Zeppelin from their 1975 album Physical Graffiti.
He studied at the New England Conservatory of Music under the tutelage of Stuart Mason.
"Seishun no Matataki" is a song by Japanese entertainer Chiaki Kuriyama, written by Ringo Sheena.
"Secret O' Life" is a song written by James Taylor that first appeared on his 1977 album JT.
Commercially, Stripped debuted at number two on the US Billboard 200 with first-week sales of 330,000 copies.
"No Expectations" is a song by English rock and roll band the Rolling Stones featured on their 1968 album Beggars Banquet.
French lyrics to the song by Jacques Larue and English lyrics by Mack David both exist, and recordings of both have been quite popular.
The 1928 edition of the sheet music can be found at Pritzker Military Museum & Library.
It was still sometimes being used as an opening song decades later during the 2007–2008 Magic Tour.
The song also appears on the Clash compilation albums The Story of the Clash, Volume 1 and Clash on Broadway.
The song is also performed in Vlach language.
"River Lea" received positive reviews from critics, with The Guardian calling it "one of the most striking tracks" on 25.
The song debuted on Zane Lowe's BBC Radio 1 program on 25 March 2009.
"Dard-e-Disco" was a hit Hindustani song from the 2007 Bollywood musical film, Om Shanti Om.
"Watch That Man" is a song written by David Bowie, the opening track on the album Aladdin Sane from 1973.
"We're Ready" is a song written by Tom Scholz that was first released on Boston's 1986 album Third Stage.
He composed this poem at the return of his spiritual guru Inayat Shah.
"American Prayer" is a 2002 song co-written by Bono of U2, Dave Stewart of the Eurythmics, and Pharrell Williams.
Jackson collaborated on the production with musicians such as Jeremy Lubbock, Brad Buxer, Novi Novoq, Stuart Bradley and Bruce Swedien.
It has been covered by more than 20 other artists, including The Beatles, Ronnie Hawkins and Johnny Rivers.
The Beatles recorded the song for the The Beatles in August 1968 but abandoned the track after several days' work, logging 99 takes.
It was released under the Victor record label.
However, a few reviews considered it as an unfortunate collaboration with will.i.am, and dismissed Spears' heavily processed vocals.
The album is included in its entirety as part of the Simon & Garfunkel box sets Collected Works and The Columbia Studio Recordings.
They introduced it to Mary Martin one night when they were at Joshua Logan's house fine-tuning the script.
As such, it can be considered a significant antecedent to the genres of hardcore, thrash, and speed metal that was to emerge in the 1980s.
They were also nominated for Best Original Score.
The song was possibly written by Rose, but Jolson's popularity as a performer allowed him to claim composer co-credit.
I'm still singing like that great speckled bird."
The University of the Philippines is a state university system in the Philippines.
It was co-written and co-produced by Carey, Christopher "Tricky" Stewart, James "Big Jim" Wright and The-Dream.
The Keach I the Creel is Child ballad 281.
This version of "Bro Hymn" was not a hit song on the charts, but today receives substantial radio play.
Upon the release of Lotus, the song debuted on the South Korea international singles chart at number 103 with digital download sales of 2,689.
It was reused for the 1930 opera Rise and Fall of the City of Mahagonny and has been notably covered by The Doors and David Bowie.
Little Bit is Better Than Nada is a song written by Doug Sahm, and recorded in 1996 by the Texas Tornados.
"Ave Maria ... Virgo serena" is a motet composed by Josquin des Prez.
Goebel Leon Reeves was an American folk singer.
The line later became part of the Pennsylvania Railroad's Main Line.
Although lesser known, the song was also sampled by Usher on his second album My Way in the song "One Day You'll Be Mine."
The album spawned two EPs: Carry the Zero and Center of the Universe.
"Minnie the Moocher" is most famous for its nonsensical ad libbed lyrics.
He was very affected by the song that Lotte Lenya's known for, 'Pirate Jenny'."
Initially, keyboardist Rick Wakeman was involved in the project before contractual problems led to his departure.
It was the last song released by the Beatles featuring Starr on lead vocals.
"On Her Majesty's Secret Service" is a big beat song made by the English electronic duo Propellerheads and composer David Arnold.
"Thank You for the Music" is a song by the Swedish pop group ABBA.
"Bring It On Home" is a blues song written by American music arranger and songwriter Willie Dixon.
includes a solo performance of "Adore" with piano accompaniment.
And I got to see a lot of, um, great musicians who nobody ever got to see.
The live debut of "Scarlet Begonias" came on March 23, 1974 at the Cow Palace in Daly City, California.
"Conquistador" received mostly positive reviews from music critics, who praised the composition and its raw energy.
Frank Sinatra recorded it twice, for his 1964 album Softly, as I Leave You and again in the 1970s for an unreleased album.
It also appears on the 1991 Rhino compilation Dr. Demento 20th Anniversary Collection.
The song was then recorded at Musicland Studios in Munich, Germany.
"Air" is a song by American singer-songwriter Tyson Ritter of the rock band The All-American Rejects, released as a solo song on November 5, 2013.
"Rainbow in the Night" debuted in December 2011, a song and music video written by New York-based filmmaker Cecelia Margules, a daughter of Holocaust survivors.
It is one of the oldest mining songs in existence.
"Tattoo" is a song written by Pete Townshend that was first released by The Who on their 1967 album The Who Sell Out.
The song shares its title with the metropolitan subsection of Lagos Mainland.
"Food for Thought" was the first release of a new record label, Graduate Records, a company based, like the band, in Birmingham.
"Heartbreaker" was ranked number 328 in 2004 by Rolling Stone magazine, in their 500 Greatest Songs of All Time.
"Emily" is a popular song composed by Johnny Mandel, with lyrics by Johnny Mercer.
"Masakali" is a popular Hindi song from the 2009 Bollywood film Delhi-6.
But we do it the Vaselines' way."
The track garnered comparisons to the works of Santigold, Fleetwood Mac and The Temper Trap.
Musically, the song samples Irish instrumentalist and singer-songwriter Enya's "One by One", whilst lyrically, the song is about leaving a man in a relationship.
"Cindy, Oh Cindy" is a song, written by Robert Nemiroff and Burt D'Lugoff and credited to their pseudonyms, Robert Barron and Burt Long.
"Working on Enthiran was truly a humbling and exciting experience", they said adding that they were thankful to Rahman for his faith in them.
The script was written by Annie DeYoung from a story by Annie DeYoung and David Morgasen.
The song was first recorded in 1928 by Duke Ellington and his Cotton Club Orchestra.
The Jolly Pinder of Wakefield is Child ballad 124, about Robin Hood.
The best-known version of the song is that by Jimmy Dorsey in 1940.
A guitar instrumental was recorded by Chet Atkins in 1955.
The song's demo was leaked to the internet in December 2014, with twelve other tracks from the album.
"Be My Love" is a popular song with lyrics by Sammy Cahn and music by Nicholas Brodzsky.
Hot is the debut studio album of Romanian recording artist Inna.
The song closes side one of Unknown Pleasures.
Perhaps the most famous recording was the one by Miles Davis's quintet in 1954.
Peggy Lee did a Cha-cha-cha version on her 1960 album Latin ala Lee!.
Doggystyle became certified 4× platinum in 1994 and spawned several hit singles, including "What's My Name?
"Babylon" or "The Bonnie Banks o Fordie" is Child ballad 14, Roud 27.
On the strength of digital downloads, the track charted at number 43 on the South Korea Gaon International Chart following the release of the album.
"Poor Tom" and "Friends" also use this tuning.
We should be more close to each other.
"Wee Cooper O'Fife" is a Scottish folk song about a cooper who beats his wife because she will not cook, clean, and sew.
In 1939, three versions reached the music charts: Larry Clinton, Eddy Duchin, and Al Donahue.
During successive verses, he reflects on the pursuit of fame, the curse of wealth without spiritual satisfaction, and the perils of city life.
The manner of his appointment was controversial, and two of Macmillan's cabinet ministers refused to take office under him.
Other artists who recorded the song include: Charles Hart & Lewis James, Gitz Rice & Vernon Dalhart, Nicolas Orlando's Orchestra, and British duet Coltham & Parker.
It was the B-side to Frankie Vaughan's hit single "There Must Be a Way", which broke into the UK top ten.
Some believe in the possibility of a Heaven on Earth in a World to Come.
It was introduced by Martha O'Driscoll in the 1942 film Youth on Parade.
R. Kelly won the award and did the a capella version of "R&B Thug" for his fans.
Jagger is on lead vocals and harmonica, Richards and Mick Taylor on guitars and backing vocals, Bill Wyman on bass and Charlie Watts on drums.
March is typically marked by sudden storms with heavy rains and strong winds that cause flooding in many places around the city.
The song was first released on Hunter's fourth solo album, You're Never Alone with a Schizophrenic in 1979.
The record first reached the Billboard charts on February 4, 1950, and lasted 13 weeks on the chart, peaking at number four.
The music was produced by Badshah and Sachh.
Through Wister's influence, the melody and lyrics were first published in 1910 in John Lomax's Cowboy Songs and Other Frontier Ballads.
"Back Door Man" is a blues song written by Willie Dixon and recorded by Howlin' Wolf in 1960.
Like all tracks on the album, the track was written by group members Michael Stipe, Peter Buck, Mike Mills, and Bill Berry.
Instrumentation is provided by finger snapping, minor piano keys and piano riffs.
Lou Donaldson, John Lewis, Percy Heath and Kenny Clarke were on that date.
The song addresses decadence and desire, and has been called an "ode to subtle addictions and the way our compulsions rule our lives".
Anderson-Lopez and Lopez also composed a simplified pop version which was performed by actress and singer Demi Lovato over the start of the film's closing credits.
The marimba-playing of Zappa's percussionist Ruth Underwood is featured prominently.
CCLI UK report it as the fifth most popular printed, projected or recorded song in mid-2006.
Given its metre, it may have derived from a sea shanty.
The song was used as the theme for HBO's The Wire.
"Runaway Baby" is a funk, soul, bubblegum R&B and pop rock record.
Sliabh Troim is the original Irish name of Bessy Bell, also recorded as Sliab Toad.
On January 27, 1999, Paul's Boutique was certified double platinum in sales by the Recording Industry Association of America.
Angela Lansbury sings the song in the motion picture.
I'm a tumbler..I am not drowning man
The official remix of the song features noise pop band Sleigh Bells.
On November 30, the song received a Nomination in 54th Grammy Awards for Best Country Solo Performance.
is a song by American singer Jeremih.
"America the Beautiful" is an American patriotic song.
Composed by Pritam Chakraborty, the song is sung by Arijit Singh, with lyrics by Amitabh Bhattacharya.
It is an unusually long track for Pavement, with a length of nearly seven minutes.
E penso a te is a song composed in 1970 by Lucio Battisti based on the lyrics by Mogol.
"Rudie Can't Fail" is a song by the English punk rock band The Clash, featured on their 1979 album London Calling.
Serving as singles from this album were the title track "Not a Day Goes By", "With Me", and "Unusually Unusual".
"Miss Misery" is a song by American singer-songwriter Elliott Smith.
If I Can Dream is a webseries that was created by Simon Fuller.
"Kannum Kannum Kalanthu" is a Tamil song from the 1958 film Vanjikottai Valiban, directed by S. S. Vasan.
The music video of the track features actors Arjun Kapoor and Alia Bhatt.
The song first appeared on the Dead's 1970 album Workingman's Dead.
The song was played eleven times during the Elevation Tour.
This was one side of a two-sided hit; the flip side was "Allez-Vous-En," which also charted that year.
It was released on 23 August 2011 as the first promotional single from Ceremonials.
The song was written for voice, piano, and ukulele.
You Enjoy Myself, commonly abbreviated to "YEM" is a Phish song written by Trey Anastasio.
"The Lamb Lies Down on Broadway" is the first song from Genesis's 1974 album of the same name.
The song debuted at number 65 on the South Korean International Singles Chart, making it Mendler's fifth song to chart in that country.
Hail, Hail, the Gang's All Here is an American popular song first published in 1917.
The song was re-recorded by Maureen Tucker with instrumentation by The Changelings in 2002.
"Mellow Yellow" was the name of Donovan's hit single released the previous November.
The full lyrics can be found at [1] and [2].
The cover is described as an "artistic words only cover."
It is also the final Temptations single to feature founding members Eddie Kendricks and Paul Williams.
The song earned a nomination at the 85th Academy Awards for Best Original Song.
The song features additional vocals from Chief Keef and Justin Vernon.
The song was first revealed on 15 December 2011 and features Katrina Kaif as the lead, along with Hrithik Roshan and Sanjay Dutt.
"You Got the Silver" was the last Stones recording with Brian Jones to be released.
"Bob Dylan's Dream" is a song written by Bob Dylan in 1963.
Upon the release of Spirit, the song debuted at number 173 on the UK Singles Chart on the strength of digital download sales.
Elton John himself has called the song "one of my all-time favourites," upon introducing it at his 60th-birthday concert in New York's Madison Square Garden.
The song describes a woman who waves the soldiers "Goodbye again".
The "5:15" instrumental has been compared to "Mad About You" of Hooverphonic.
It is a combination of two unfinished songs: Paul McCartney's "I've Got a Feeling", and John Lennon's "Everybody Had a Hard Year".
The Byrds did release a 1969 recording of the song on their Ballad of Easy Rider album.
A live performance captured for the documentary Shine a Light was included on the soundtrack of the same name.
The album included the singles "Snoop Dogg", "Hennesey n Buddah" featuring Kokane, "Lay Low" featuring Nate Dogg, "Loosen' Control" and "Wrong Idea" featuring Bad Azz.
It was written by Guillemots frontman Fyfe Dangerfield.
The National Coalition Against Domestic Violence appointed her its spokesperson in the United States.
It is a contrafact of "I Got Rhythm".
"A Thing Called Love" is a song written and originally recorded by Jerry Reed in 1968.
An extended live version of the song also appears on the 1971 Traffic album Welcome to the Canteen.
The song was billed as "Worried 'Bout You" in the video.
In 2004, Nixon's version finished at #17 on AFI's 100 Years...100 Songs survey of top tunes in American cinema.
The Girl and the Crow is a song composed by Mikael Wiehe, originally published on his album "Kråksånger" in 1981.
The song includes many different costumes and characters but ultimately ends with the two girls going to meet the Wizard.
Pete Townshend, Billy Nichols and Ronnie Lane are believed to contribute backing vocals as well.
The song became the climax for live shows, and Jacquet was exhausted from having to play it every night.
The song appeared first on Van Zandt's debut album, For the Sake of the Song, in 1967, and later on his 1969 release Townes Van Zandt.
The Ramones also performed it on and off until their final show in August 1996 at which C.J.
"Round and round the garden" is an English language nursery rhyme typically accompanied by a fingerplay.
Another notable recording of "Love for Sale" was made by Keely Smith at Capitol Studios, LA, for Concord Records in July 2002.
It was the third version of the game, after the 1985 title of the same name and a 1992 Deluxe version of said game.
The song also talks about the danger of letting fear set in while surfing.
"Crazy Blues" is a song written by Perry Bradford.
The song was produced by Young Chop.
"Julianne" is a song from Ben Folds Five's 1995 self-titled first album.
Patti Quatro, Brie Brandt, both of Fanny, and Addie Lee sang uncredited vocals, particularly the "higher and higher" parts.
Structurally, the song is made up of a slowly sweeping melody, saxophones, a church organ, and distant-sounding electronic beats.
"Song for a Winter's Night" is a song written by Gordon Lightfoot, and first recorded for his 1967 album, The Way I Feel.
The song was released on August 11, 2009 by Walt Disney and Hollywood Records as a promotional charity single in order to benefit international environmental associations.
It was released originally in the Christmas compilation album Platinum Christmas.
It was the opening song of West's 2011 setlist at the Coachella Music Festival, and was performed at the 'Vevo Presents GOOD Music' musical venue.
It received universal acclaim from music critics, who cited it as a stand-out track on Looking 4 Myself.
The ballad exists in a number of folkloric variants, from many different countries, and has been remade in a variety of formats.
Not to be confused with "Champions", another Kanye West song from the album Cruel Winter.
Fans would be rioting in the streets, I think, if I didn't do a polka medley."
She was a friend of O'Hara's sister, and her parents recall O'Hara writing the song in their living room.
The song is sung by Tomlinson, Dick Van Dyke and eventually the entire chorus.
It is included on the latest tribute album, The Music Is You: A Tribute To John Denver, released on April 2, 2013.
"We Are the Winners" was the 2006 entry into the Eurovision Song Contest for Lithuania, sung by Lithuanian all-star group LT United.
Great Lake Swimmers covered the song on the 2011 album Paint it Black: An Alt-Country Tribute to the Rolling Stones.
MGM released the song as a b-side in 1939, opposite Garland's recording of "Over the Rainbow" for The Wizard of Oz.
The original 1969 recording was done for The Guess Who's album Canned Wheat.
The original version, by Silver's trio, was recorded on November 23, 1953.
The songwriting credits are attributed to Paul McCartney and Linda McCartney.
It was the first time I'd really seriously thought about Christ and God in any depth, and 'Word on a Wing' was a protection.
Later in his life he transitioned to a composer of classical music.
She was chosen by Madonna from ten finalists of the contest.
"Disney Girls" is a song written by Bruce Johnston for the American rock band The Beach Boys.
Dolan changed the verse to say "plain folks"; Hill to "rich folks"; and Foley to "poor folks".
It is most notable for its absence of Dylan's singing.
Composed by Rajesh Roshan, the lyrics of the song are written by Anjaan.
On May 24, the band performed the song on Late Night With Jimmy Fallon.
The recording includes a Chris Thomas-arranged horn section, and introduced the horn-heavy sound that became a feature of Harrison's music as a solo artist.
Despite Buchanan's input, "Hickory Wind" is generally considered to be Parsons' signature song.
The similarities between this song and another Tool song, "Third Eye," also have been noted.
The B-side was "Miss Sweetness", also written by Essex.
"Picture Me Rollin’" is a song by American recording artist Chris Brown from his seventh studio album Royalty.
The song itself in its Peach incarnation was heavily influenced by Opiate and Undertow-era Tool sound, with its central heavy guitar riffs.
India was released on 1 August 2007 and was composed by Salim-Sulaiman with lyrics by Jaideep Sahni.
In the R&B song, Beyoncé shows appreciation for the love given by her man, who sees through all of her flaws and loves her unconditionally.
"I'm Moving On" is a song by Yoko Ono.
In the film Purple Rain, the song is directed toward Apollonia Kotero's character when she decides to work with Prince's character's rival, played by Morris Day.
in the opening of her version of the song.
It was released on April 22, 2013 as Paslay's third single for EMI Nashville.
The sheet music cover features an illustration by Albert Wilfred Barbelle, which depicts a baby in bed.
On January 27, 1999, Paul's Boutique was certified double platinum in sales by the Recording Industry Association of America.
It opens with the delicate sounds of a string section and is maintained by Newman's piano in a slow "four to the bar" tempo.
"I'm Not Jesus" was covered on Behemoth's 2008 EP Ezkaton.
"Hey Mama" is a song by American hip-hop artist Kanye West.
390 in the Roud Folk Song Index.
The Choctaw suffered Indian Removal to Indian Territory.
"Moonlight Mile" was the last song recorded for the album.
"Velvet Goldmine" is a song written by David Bowie and recorded during the The Rise and Fall of Ziggy Stardust and the Spiders from Mars sessions.
The primary instruments are an acoustic guitar and drums.
"With My Eyes Wide Open, I'm Dreaming" is a popular song.
It appeared on the album Time Out in 1959.
This song is sometimes associated with Emmett Kelly, who performed as a trapeze artist before becoming famous as a clown.
The lyrics are written in both English and French.
It has a Roud Folk Song Index number of 13497.
", was written by Little Richard and recorded in May 9, 1956 at J&M Studio, New Orleans, Louisiana.
The song garnered positive reviews from music critics, who praised Burke's vocal performance.
The song is about Fritiof Andersson who rides to Samborombón where he dances tango with the pretty girl Carmencita at an inn.
In 1985, Nick Lowe recorded a slower studio version for the album The Rose of England, produced by Huey Lewis and featuring Lewis' band "The News".
Jamie was innocent as the unborn babe, but his heartless companion spoke not a word of his innocence.
The Mountain Live version has one of the most sampled drum breaks in the history of hip hop music.
"Mule Skinner Blues" is a classic country song written by Jimmie Rodgers and George Vaughan.
The song was produced by Top Dawg in-house producers THC and Sounwave for the first part of the instrumental, and Terrace Martin for the second part.
A polka medley of popular songs was also included on the album.
"Manwa Laage" is a romantic Hindi song from the 2014 Bollywood film, Happy New Year.
An accompanying lyric video was published on the singer's YouTube channel, featuring several stills of her inside a hotel room.
version of this song is merely a rhythm track and was never finished as intended.
Written by Mick Jagger and Richards, "Live with Me" was recorded on 24 May 1969.
It was also covered by Eden in 2008.
However, there is a sense of freedom in the chorus when the protagonist of the song leaves work and walks "Out in the Street."
Later, it was re-recorded for Deeper, the band's "d:finitive worship collection"; here, it became a full-blown rock ballad with gospel influences.
However, there is no record that she actually said this, in or out of Parliament, and she herself denied ever saying it.
A third category of wine fraud relates to the investment wine industry.
"My Girl" is a 1964 standard recorded by The Temptations for the Gordy label which became a number one hit in 1965.
"Deeper and Deeper" is a 1915 hymn with words and music by Oswald J. Smith.
"I Just Want to See His Face" is a song by English rock band the Rolling Stones featured on their 1972 release Exile on Main St.
For the 1961-1962 ABC television series, see Follow the Sun.
The TV show uses another cover version, by Carol Banawa, for its closing credits.
The song was the central composition of Documentaly, affecting the album's track order and composition.
The Melbourne Age went as far as to say that Midnight Oil's 'Blue Sky Mine' has nothing on 'Australia'.
This song tells the tale of a Keelman who is bitten by a dog.
The chorus repeats the answer: "What will be, will be."
It was released as a promotional single for radio stations, taken from the album 200 km/h in the Wrong Lane.
It was also recorded by Elvis Presley and Jerry Lee Lewis during the Million Dollar Quartet sessions at Sun Recording Studios.
The song was used prominently by the BBC during their coverage of the 2005 Six Nations rugby tournament.
The large picture book comes with a CD of the song, the disc is illustrated with a picture of the Empire State Building by Izak.
Some critics also questioned Disney's choice in Mýa to record the song, feeling the single would have benefited from a more experienced vocalist.
This version was extended to cover the time it took the team to travel the red carpet and reach the stage with the Stanley Cup.
Bob Dylan also recorded this song for his album Self Portrait, but it did not make the final cut.
[t]he jungle grows more dense as the river boat slowly makes its way into the deep interior.
The song was written and produced by Gregg Alexander, Danielle Brisebois, Nick Lashley and Nick Southwood.
The song is known by various names, including "Miss America" and "Little Miss America".
"The Circus Bee" is a circus march composed by Henry Fillmore in February 1908.
"Ottagathai Kattiko" is a song, featured in the 1993 Tamil film Gentleman.
In it is a reference to the new idea of “bathing machines”
The lyrics reflect the composer's relief at both the arrival of spring and the temporary respite he was experiencing from the band's business affairs.
Musically, the song is of both R&B and hardcore hip hop origins.
Credited to Lennon–McCartney, it was mainly composed by John Lennon, with an instrumental middle eight by Paul McCartney.
George Wright covered the song in his 1984 album Red Hot and Blue.
Brenda Holloway later covered the song in 1966, and the Four Tops in 1967; the Andantes backed both recordings.
Originally released on LP by Atlantic Records, the album reached No.
The broom, a tall shrub which blooms with spikes of small golden flowers, once grew abundantly on hillsides of the Scottish Borders.
It features production from frequent collaborator Jake Gosling.
Songs like "Automatic" and "First Love" are prime examples of these themes.
It was from John's album Madman Across the Water.
The song was written by Joe Strummer and Mick Jones, who sing it as a duet.
The record debuted at number 36 on Oricon's weekly singles chart.
Jonathan Davis said he did not know if he was gay or not.
As of 2015, Stripped has sold over 13 million copies worldwide.
Evanescence is the self-titled third studio album by the American rock band Evanescence.
Author Oliver Trager calls this song "A funky little piano blues that Dylan plays in his wonderfully untutored style".
Lyrically, it is about life after the end of a relationship.
"Buttons and Bows" was a popular song with music written by Jay Livingston and lyrics by Ray Evans.
It appears as the fifth track on the album.
Guitars are performed by Richards, who uses the wah-wah pedal for much of the song, as well as Leslie speakers.
The song was used as opening theme of the Mexican soap opera Alma de Hierro.
The song was written for and sung by the Beatles' drummer Ringo Starr as the character "Billy Shears".
It was released on November 20, 2014 as a video on YouTube in America as the sixth single from the album.
It remains the best-known version of "Oklahoma Hills", and was the biggest hit of Jack Guthrie's fairly short life.
The song describes the female subject as a strong, independent woman, comparable in many ways to the female subject of "Ruby Tuesday", with Richards repeated refrain:
"No One Mourns the Wicked" is the opening musical number performed in the hit Broadway musical Wicked, composed by Stephen Schwartz.
A reprise version of the song appears as the last track on the album.
The song was published by Waterson, Berlin & Snyder Co. and was arranged for voice and piano.
The lyrics tell of a cowboy's love for Mary, the "Pride of the Prairie".
It was written by band members Amy Heidemann and Nick Noonan, as well as Elite and producer John "Jon Jon Traxx" Webb, Jr.
were released as singles in Japan and Germany, respectively.
The song has been an anthem of Cantonese rock music and one of Beyond's signature songs.
"Huffin" is an instrumental song written by Karl Jenkins and performed by Soft Machine.
"I'll Hold You in My Heart" spent 46 weeks on the chart and 21 weeks at number one.
It is the last track on the album.
In a departure from convention, the track includes two bass guitar parts – a standard bass and one played through a fuzzbox.
"Putain de camion" is a French song written by the French singer Renaud and released in June 1986.
She earned public recognition after releasing music videos for her songs "Pu$$y" and "Two Times" on YouTube.
The song is featured in a karaoke scene in Rian Johnson's The Brothers Bloom, sung by Rinko Kikuchi.
"Lies Greed Misery" is a song by American rock band Linkin Park.
Distinguished by their vocal harmonies and early surf songs, they are one of the most influential acts of the rock era.
On 29 July 2011, the U.S. Soccer Federation named Klinsmann the coach of the United States men's national team.
'I Had a Little Nut Tree' is an English language nursery rhyme.
The single version contains a musical quote at 1'21" when the organ plays the opening theme from Thelonious Monk's "Straight, No Chaser."
A promo CD single for the song was released in December 2008.
The music video for Aguilera's version was directed by Kevin Bray.
During the voyage of the space shuttle Columbia, Israeli astronaut, Ilan Ramon, asked to play the song.
"Hands All Over" is a song recorded by American band Maroon 5, for their 2010 third studio album of the same name.
"Spanish Castle Magic" is one of the few songs from Axis: Bold as Love that Hendrix regularly performed in concert.
It has a Roud Folk Song Index number of 16150.
The other half of the album is original material, featuring many "style parodies," or musical imitations of existing artists.
The song was written by Art Neville, Eric Kolb, Aaron Neville, Cyril Neville, Kelsey Smith, and Vaughan.
Birdy and Young have collaborated many times before and after the song was done.
A dedicated Sexercize website, concepted by Chandelier Creative and built by Black & Black Creative, was also launched in conjunction.
Corazones is a song written by Ana Torroja, Lanfranco Ferrario, Massimo Grillo and Miguel Bosé.
"Mama, You Been on My Mind" is a song by American singer-songwriter Bob Dylan.
Lyrically, it portrays the protagonist's "feigned nonchalance".
1 in New Zealand in September 1980.
"Everybody Needs a Best Friend" is a song from the 2012 feature film Ted, with music composed by Walter Murphy and lyrics by Seth MacFarlane.
This may include colouring agents such as elderberry juice, and flavourings such as cinnamon at best, or less desirable additives at worst.
Written by Syd Barrett, it is sung mostly by Richard Wright with Barrett joining in on choruses and singing the whole last verse.
Drawing pictures of mountains that look like bumps
"I'm Waiting for the Man" is a song by the American rock band the Velvet Underground, written by Lou Reed.
A sign of his closeness to the song, Richards performs bass, piano, electric guitar, and backing vocals with Ronnie Wood.
The song was recorded by a 41-piece orchestra at Abbey Road Studios on 22–23 October 1968.
Richards describes the song's structure as being "very early sort of Lennon & McCartney, let alone the title, which suggest "I Want to Hold Your Hand".
Toni Basil changed the name from Kitty to Mickey to make the song about a man.
The song was originally titled "Medicine Man" and contained different lyrics.
"Hi Hater" is a song by American rapper Maino, released as his commercial debut single and the lead single from his debut album, If Tomorrow Comes....
Backed by a children's choir, the lyrics are about the birth of Jesus.
"I'll Still Love You" is a song written by English musician George Harrison and first released in 1976 by his former Beatles bandmate Ringo Starr.
Myanmar Idol is a popular Myanmar singing contest.
It has also been known as "The Woad Song" and "Woad of Harlech".
The lyrics were written by Louis Weslyn.
At this time Gerdes Folk City was booked by a folk enthusiast Charlie Rothschild and English.
The band also did a competition, asking fans to make a music video for the song.
It was released in the UK as iTunes Single of the Week on December 20, 2011.
Not only was it used in the 2005 Six Nations championships, but it is still used in the BBC's coverage of all international rugby.
Kentish Dick is an English Broadside ballad that dates back, from estimation by the English Short Title Catalogue, to the 1670s.
The "Harimuraleeravam" sequence has been an inspiration for similar song sequence in Apthamitra and its remake Chandramukhi.
"I'd Do Anything" is a song performed by various characters in the 1960 British musical Oliver!
It is an emotive ballad whose lyrics detail a situation where a woman feels hurt and anger that her man lied and cheated on her.
It was included perhaps most famously in the 1962 revival of Anything Goes.
"When Did You Stop Loving Me" is a song written by Donny Kees and Monty Holmes and recorded by American country music artist George Strait.
It was one of four new songs they then supplied for the 1968 animated film Yellow Submarine, to meet their contractual obligations to United Artists.
Thomas A. Dorsey, who also adapted the melody.
To fix her problem, she comes up with a "great idea": to follow the boys to war.
Will is pleased when she seems to be accepting this double-standard, but at the end she turns the tables on him, singing:
The song describes Bowie's alter ego Ziggy Stardust, a rock star who acts as a messenger for extraterrestrial beings, and the leopard messiah.
"Don't Pass Me By" is a song by the Beatles from the double album The Beatles.
In contrast, carbon dioxide is mostly transported extracellularly as bicarbonate ion transported in plasma.
"Ram Chahe Leela" is a 2013 item number featuring Priyanka Chopra and Ranveer Singh from the film Goliyon Ki Raasleela Ram-Leela directed by Sanjay Leela Bhansali.
This song was Yankovic's second-highest charting single, after "Eat It," which was released in 1984.
The album recording had to be edited in order to fit on one side of the record.
The song is featured in the stage play The Trail Of The Lonesome Pine, and is played during the opening credits of the 1936 film adaptation.
Upon the release of Stars Dance, the song charted at number 12 on the US Bubbling Under Hot 100 Singles.
Bruce Springsteen sang the song with Taylor on the 2006 album A Musicares Person of the Year Tribute.
The lyrics were written by Monsignor Rudy Villanueva.
"Matilda Mother" is a song by British psychedelic rock band Pink Floyd, featured on their 1967 debut album, The Piper at the Gates of Dawn.
The song's demo was named "Bitch" and was recorded on April 6, 1995.
"Warszawa" is a mostly instrumental song by David Bowie, co-written with Brian Eno and originally released in 1977 on the album Low.
First Love is the debut Japanese-language studio album by Japanese recording artist Utada Hikaru, released on 10 March 1999 on Toshiba-EMI.
It was covered by Bob Dylan on his 1963 album The Freewheelin' Bob Dylan.
"Don't Tread on Me" is a song by American heavy metal band Metallica, from the eponymous fifth album, Metallica.
Music scholar Nilanjana Bhattacharjya identified "Piya Tu Ab To Aaja" as one of the culturally important Hindi film songs.
This song of Irish origin has circulated both inside and outside the army since Victorian times.
"Some Enchanted Evening" is a show tune from the 1949 Rodgers and Hammerstein musical South Pacific.
Since his return to touring in 1989, Starr has performed "Back Off Boogaloo" regularly in concert with the various incarnations of his All-Starr Band.
This song was composed in honour of Khudiram Bose.
"Mighty to Save" is a contemporary Christian music written by Ben Fielding and Reuben Morgan and part of the repertoire of Hillsong Church.
Andy Williams released a version on his 1960 album, The Village of St. Bernadette.
The Caldwell Company Bank collapsed soon afterward, leaving the state 6 million dollars in debt.
When the sun goes down in Normandy
The song was composed primarily by keyboardist Bobby Whitlock, with guitarist Eric Clapton adding the last verse.
Scottish texts are often called Bonnie Annie or The Green Banks of Yarrow, English texts are most often called The Banks of Green Willow.
Morrison speaks the lyrics, telling of a ship at sea forced to jettison the onboard horses to lighten its load.
On the original LP, it opens the second side of the album.
"The Sound of Silence", originally "The Sounds of Silence", is a song by the American music duo Simon & Garfunkel.
"Respect the Wind" is a lengthy keyboard and electric guitar instrumental track written and performed by Edward and Alex Van Halen.
Each line is generally terminated with the internal refrain "perlas challay".
The song was published by Shapiro, Bernstein & Co. of New York City.
This version has appeared in commercials for Dockers, KFC and Dodge Ram trucks.
The song's sombre tone and slow tempo reflect Harrison's dejected mood following the criticism of his tour the previous year.
"That must be one of Paul's," he said.
Joan Baez recorded a version for her 1960 debut album on Vanguard Records but the track was not released until 2001.
It is also played during the closing credits.
"Born on the Bayou" was vaguely like "Porterville," about a mythical childhood and a heat-filled time, the Fourth of July.
It was ushered into the Grammy Hall of Fame in 1994.
It is also known as "Folk Singer" or, less often, "The Singer".
"Oceans" is a song by American rapper Jay-Z recorded for his twelfth studio album Magna Carta Holy Grail.
Paul McCartney sang this song to honor Frank Loesser.
It appeared on the bestseller lists of the San Francisco Chronicle, Boston Globe, and Los Angeles Times.
It was released on April 20, 2004 via Disembodied Records.
"King's Cross" is a Pet Shop Boys song, written by Chris Lowe and Neil Tennant and is a track on their 1987 album Actually.
It has been released only on a bonus disc included in the 1997 re-release of the soundtrack to Michelangelo Antonioni's movie Zabriskie Point.
These instruments are colloquially known as "canjos."
The song is written from the viewpoint of a prostitute advertising "love for sale": Old love, new love, every love but true love.
The song was written by the band and produced by co-lead vocalist Mike Shinoda and Rick Rubin.
"Dizzy, Miss Lizzy" is a rock and roll song written and recorded by Larry Williams in 1958.
He asks his mother questions about his father's participation in the war, which appears difficult for her to answer.
In the original Broadway production it was introduced by John Hundley and Lillian Taiz.
Be true to me for a long, long time
"Charlie" is a song by the Red Hot Chili Peppers from their 2006 double album, Stadium Arcadium.
It appears on their 1990 album Kino.
Bootlegged for decades, the song did not have an official release until 2016, when it was included on the box set The Early Years 1965–1972.
Its modular set of movements hearkened back to the style that Brian Wilson used during the "Good Vibrations"/Smile era with musique concrète.
"Drifting on a Reed" also known as "Big Foot", or "Giant Swing", as well as "Air Conditioning" is a classic Charlie Parker jazz bebop number.
The track was used by B92 as a jingle and, in 1996, it became recognised as a protest song against the Serbian government of Slobodan Milošević.
On the B-side of "Silver Moon", the track "Lady of the Valley" appears.
The song became one of the most popular songs in 2010.
The single peaked at 46th position at the Swedish singles chart.
It entered the UK Singles Chart at number 87 and the UK R&B Chart at number fourteen but was never released as a single.
The main settlement in Glendaruel is the Clachan of Glendaruel.
"PerfektBreitHimmelblau" are three songs and a triple A-side-single by the German punk rock band Die Ärzte.
In 1957, the British musician Lonnie Donegan had a No.
The single is ranked by Billboard as the best selling and most played R&B/Hip Hop song of 2001.
Apart from the first Italian text, there are several variants which are identified with certain socialist or communist parties.
The song remains popular as a wedding song both in America and in the UK.
It also appears on Led Zeppelin's 2012 live album Celebration Day, which documented their 2007 reunion performance at the O2 Arena in London.
In 2010, users of AOL Radio voted "Adore" #2 on a ranked list of Prince's best songs.
Save Me is a song written and performed by Aimee Mann for use in the film Magnolia.
"Liberty Loan March" is a World War I era song composed by John Philip Sousa.
"Muzzle" is a song by American alternative rock band The Smashing Pumpkins from their third album, Mellon Collie and the Infinite Sadness.
"Poison" is a slow-tempo song in which the female protagonist talks about a bad relationship that she cannot abandon.
As with many standards of the era, it has become more famous as an independent popular song than as one from a Broadway musical.
"It Is 'He'" is a song by English musician George Harrison, released as the final track of his 1974 album Dark Horse.
The song had another version, recorded by Lata Mangeshkar after RD Burman's death.
It is played either as an instrumental or with lyrics, which vary from one version to another.
The compilation contains nine studio tracks and seven freestyles.
The music and associated lyrics are subject to copyright.
Its general release was on 25 March 2010 in the United Kingdom and on 16 April 2010 in the United States.
Joel admitted, years later, that the shout out to the local restaurant was similar to shouting out "Yankees" at a Manhattan concert.
It charted on the South Korean Gaon Chart at position 81.
It was released as the main promotional track from her 9th album, Past<Future, in November 2009.
The soundtrack version is performed solely by Havens.
Musically, the collaboration is a dance-pop recording with a "day-glo" rap.
She proved that everything she had was absolutely real!
"American Patrol" is a popular march written by Frank White Meacham in 1885.
"Sugar Magnolia" is a song by the Grateful Dead.
Frank Sinatra had recently become a father when he recorded "Soliloquy" for the first time on May 28, 1946.
The song was composed by Fredrik Thomander and Anders Wikström.
The Mother's Malison or Clyde's Water is Child ballad number 216, Roud 91.
"Let Us Move On" is a song by English singer Dido.
The song ends with guitar riffs and feedback from Prince, and segues into "Ronnie, Talk to Russia", the next track on Controversy.
It was written by Knowles, Terius Nash, Shea Taylor as well as Carlos McKinney while production was handled by Knowles, The-Dream, and Los Da Mystro.
The song was published by Gladys Music, Elvis Presley's publishing company.
Stones' recording veterans Bobby Keys and Jim Price performed on the saxophone and trumpet, respectively.
is a song by British rock band Coldplay.
The song was originally recorded during the Crises sessions between November 1982 and April 1983 at Oldfield's studio in Denham, Buckinghamshire.
But the way Jagger sings it, it sounds like he's asking, 'You can't do this anymore, can you?'
"Restless Farewell" is a song by Bob Dylan, released on his 3rd studio album The Times They Are a-Changin' in 1964.
Nizamski rastanak is a famous Bosniak/Bosnian song.
Many artists recorded it in 1927, including Frankie "Half-Pint" Jaxon, Louis Armstrong and His Hot Seven, and King Oliver.
Concerning the recording, Jagger said in 1992, "‘I Just Want to See His Face’ was a jam with Charlie [Watts] and Mick Taylor...
They also re-recorded Nesmith's "The Girl I Knew Somewhere", which he had produced earlier.
"Are U Still Down" peaked at #2 on the Billboard R&B chart in 1998.
Also in 1969, Swedish pop group Gimmicks released their version of the tune on the album Brazilian Samba.
"Dragon Attack" is a song by the British rock band Queen and written by the band's lead guitarist, Brian May.
The song was written and sung by guitarist Dickey Betts, who penned it about his girlfriend, Sandy "Bluesky" Wabegijig.
It was originally proposed to be the first single of the album.
Another version was released shortly thereafter by Tracey Dey on Amy Records.
In performance, this verse has been adapted over the years to reflect changing attitudes, or dropped altogether.
McCartney wrote "I Lost My Little Girl" using his first guitar, a Framus Zenith acoustic guitar, which he still owns.
"The Loneliest Guy" is a song written by David Bowie in 2003 for his album Reality.
"Back to Black" is a song by English singer and songwriter Amy Winehouse.
Its great popularity led to the tune being later adopted for many other songs, of which the best known today is "Sweet Betsy from Pike".
"Big, Blonde and Beautiful" is a song in the musical Hairspray.
The track "San Francisco Mabel Joy" was not initially part of the album, though it is included on some versions.
The song was a hit for singers "Whispering" Jack Smith, Cliff Edwards and the band the Ipana Troubadors.
"I Love Little Pussy", alternatively called "I Love Little Kitty", is an English language nursery rhyme about a person who is kind to a pet cat.
"Release" received generally positive reviews from music critics, with many praising the song's uptempo sound and unusual style.
"Heartaches" is a popular song with music by Al Hoffman and lyrics by John Klenner.
The song is sampled by Gang Starr in their song "Check the Technique".
You are the niftiest fellow I've seen,
and "a semi-autobiographical song ... about a lovelorn computer programmer."
Critics also complimented how Beyoncé's vocals keep on alternating from desperate and calm throughout the song, and highlighted the vulnerability in her voice.
Something that could have been written by William Burroughs, Hubert Selby, John Rechy, Tennessee Williams, Nelson Algren, maybe a little Raymond Chandler.
"Well Well Well" is a song by English musician John Lennon from his 1970 album John Lennon/Plastic Ono Band.
"Grateful" is a song performed by British singer Rita Ora, taken from the Beyond the Lights soundtrack.
The song was recorded by a 41-piece orchestra at Abbey Road Studios on 22–23 October 1968.
One of the shadiest of these is the liberals.
The song was written by Miranda Cooper, Brian Higgins, Tim Powell, and Matt Gray, and produced by Higgins and Xenomania.
The song was recorded at the Criteria Hit Factory and mixed by Jimmy Douglass in Miami, Florida.
The breath in my lungs feels clinging and thick;
"It is Burning" is a Yiddish poem–song written in 1936 by Mordechai Gebirtig.
When the cost and lost will be known
It is a tribute to his brother, Stevie Ray Vaughan, who died in 1990, and the memory of other deceased guitarists.
"Love Is on Its Way" received generally favorable reviews from contemporary music critics, who complemented its overall production.
The Junkie XL Remix of "And Then We Kiss" is an euro-trance song with influences of techno and usage of dance-rock guitars, synthesizers and symphonic strings.
The first is attributed variously to James Hogg or Carolina Oliphant.
did not chart as well as expected.
In the musical it was performed by the singer Tamara Drasin, who had a few years earlier introduced "Smoke Gets in Your Eyes".
"On The Warpath" was the first American popular music to incorporate a repeating tom-tom effect in the score.
Sung by Edda Dell'Orso, it stands as one of the most well known of Morricone's themes.
The best-known version is The Jimi Hendrix Experience's 1966 recording.
The studio and Woodstock versions as well as an alternate take are included on the 2004 25th anniversary of Santana.
It's one of the ugliest fucking rivers in the world."
Along with "The Boys Are Back in Town", it is one of their most popular songs, and is a classic rock radio staple, receiving steady airplay.
"Everybody Needs Love" is a 1964 Motown song by Norman Whitfield and Edward Holland, Jr..
"Until It Beats No More" is a song recorded by American entertainer Jennifer Lopez for her seventh studio album, Love?.
The musical premiered on Broadway in 1938.
is a World War I era song released in 1918.
On the album, "Om" is preceded by a short spoken-word interlude titled "The Word".
The music was recorded in Maybole, Ayrshire in 1963 by the School of Scottish Studies.
It received mostly positive reviews from critics, many of whom praised its lyrics; several critics felt the song's instrumentation was average or mediocre, however.
"Ballad of Hollis Brown" is a blues song written by Bob Dylan, released in 1964 on his third album The Times They Are A-Changin'.
Heap has performed the song in live performances, which she invites the audience to participate on it.
This proved difficult for Wilson, who grew increasingly frustrated with the virtually limitless number of possible song edits for "Heroes and Villains".
"Cuddle Up A Little Closer, Lovey Mine" is a popular song.
"Handy" is a song by American musician "Weird Al" Yankovic from his fourteenth studio album, Mandatory Fun.
"I Know" is a song written by John Lennon released on his 1973 album Mind Games.
Eckler also recorded the song, but the biggest-selling version was recorded by Patti Page in 1949, and issued by Mercury Records.
It was written and produced by William Orbit, Ana Diaz, and Dan Traynor, with additional songwriting provided by Spears,and Anthony Prestonz.
The song gave its name to the 1943 musical film We'll Meet Again in which Dame Vera Lynn played the lead role.
It has been used by numerous football teams since.
It was performed by Robin Williams in his role as the Genie.
This new album, which would eventually be titled Alapalooza in reference to the music festival Lollapalooza, consisted of seven original songs and five parodies.
In this land of milk and honey
The song is given a funky musical vibe similar to the Mighty Clouds of Joy single, "Mighty High".
In his trial for the murder of Rebecca Schaeffer, Robert John Bardo used "Exit" as part of his defence, claiming the song had influenced his actions.
The recording was made in a studio set up in a barn on Young's ranch.
Although it is mostly known as La Madelon the proper title is Quand Madelon which are the beginning words of the refrain.
"I Can't Lose" is a song by English DJ and record producer Mark Ronson with featured vocals by Keyone Starr.
This song was Yankovic's second-highest charting single, after "Eat It," which was released in 1984.
The original working title for the song was "Little Lady".
"Until the End of the World" is a song by rock band U2 and the fourth track from their 1991 album Achtung Baby.
It primarily features Justin Hayward on lead vocals.
It was rewritten with English lyrics in the 20th century as Yellow Bird.
"Hail to California" is an alma mater song used throughout the University of California system.
"Bags' Groove" is a jazz composition by Milt Jackson.
Sar pe lāl ṭopī Rūsī, phir bhī dil hai Hindustānī
"Breathe"") is a song by progressive rock band Pink Floyd on their 1973 album The Dark Side of the Moon.
The song, performed by The Four Pennies, reached the UK top twenty in 1964.
"Run of the Mill" is a song by English musician George Harrison, released on his 1970 triple album All Things Must Pass.
Gaye's introspective lyrics discuss themes of drug abuse, poverty, and the Vietnam War.
"Ball and Biscuit" is the eighth track on the album Elephant by American alternative rock band The White Stripes.
Released after the top-ten success of "Don't Call It Love", the song became Parton and Rogers' second country chart-topper as a duet act.
"Kim" was the first song the rapper recorded for the album, shortly after finishing work on The Slim Shady LP in late 1998.
The song garnered mixed reviews from music critics, some of whom praised Lewis's vocal performance but criticized its composition.
In 1995, "Political" was included in the band's concert with the Vancouver Symphony Orchestra.
In 2004, it was announced that Joel had agreed to write two children's books for Scholastic, the U.S. publisher.
"Stranded" is a pop rock song by the American artist Plumb, released on the 1999 album candycoatedwaterdrops.
Despite the name, "Pale Blue Eyes" was written about someone whose eyes were hazel, as Reed notes in his book Between Thought and Expression.
In 1996 it won a Grammy Hall of Fame Award.
"Tweeter and the Monkey Man" is a song by rock music supergroup The Traveling Wilburys that first appeared on the 1988 album Traveling Wilburys Vol.
"Here Comes the Night" is a song written by Brian Wilson and Mike Love for the American rock band The Beach Boys.
The song was written by Ester Dean and Alexander Grant, with production helmed by Grant under his production name Alex da Kid.
At live performances Hughes would introduce "Mistreated" as a song that Blackmore had written a few years prior to Burn.
Suite Sud-Armoricaine is a bawdy Breton song in the Breton language, popularized by Alan Stivell in the 1970s.
It was first recorded by Crazy Horse and issued as the final track on side one of their 1971 eponymous album.
British R&B pianist Alan Price recorded a piano and vocal solo cover of "To Ramona" on his 1966 album A Price On His Head.
The song was recorded by Stefan Borsch in 1981.
"I Don't Give A" is a song recorded by American singer-songwriter Madonna for her twelfth studio album MDNA.
"Radio" received positive reviews from contemporary music critics, who generally praised Knowles's departure from her usual R&B style.
Jimmy Blackwood was lead singer of the Blackwoods, but it was Jake Hess, lead for the Statemen, who was a major influence on Elvis.
Another popular version has it written in 1883, immediately upon Święcicki's return from exile in Siberia.
The lead single "Skyscraper" was released on July 12, 2011.
Later recordings were made by Aretha Franklin, Dionne Warwick, and Sweet Honey in the Rock.
In one line on the bridge, Jagger manages to convey empathy, culpability, and frustration: 'I can't go on like this/Can you?
Ojos azules is a traditional huayno song of the Andean region, composed in the 1945s by the bolivian composer es: Gilberto Rojas Enríquez.
Barbra Streisand partially covered the song in the medley "One Less Bell to Answer/A House Is Not a Home" on her 1971 album Barbra Joan Streisand.
There, Guthrie was an active participant in the thriving cultural and political scene of Brooklyn's Jewish community.
The Ronettes included the song on their debut album released in November 1964 with production by Phil Spector.
In August 2007, it was certified gold in Sweden.
Many critics praised the album's lyrical content for being more "mature" and personal, while others considered Prism to be more formulaic than her previous material.
It was released as the sixteenth song on the track-listing of his second studio album Late Registration.
It charted in some European territories and on the Billboard's Dance/Electronic Digital Songs.
"Everybody Needs Love" is a 1977 song recorded by American soul singer Marvin Gaye and issued on the singer's confessional 1978 album, Here, My Dear.
The song was originally announced as a single, but was never officially released from the album.
"That's The Way Love Ought to Be" is a song by Pittsburgh rock musician Donnie Iris.
The music was written mainly by Tony Iommi, but as with almost all Black Sabbath albums, credit is given to the entire band.
O'Hara was from Chatham, Ontario, and taught music at Ontario University.
It was issued exclusively in the UK in 1980, as the fifth and final single from the Off the Wall album.
There are two versions of the cover.
"Just Walkin' in the Rain" is a popular song.
The tune has since been recorded numerous times by different artists, making it a jazz standard.
Hughes collected the traditional melody in Donegal the previous year and Campbell wrote the lyrics.
It was also used in the film Rock 'n' Roll High School.
Parts of the tune were sampled for the Chumbawamba track "Jacob's Ladder" from their album Readymades and the anti-war single "Jacob's Ladder".
Den stora dagen is a song written by Benny Borg, and originally recorded by Swedish dansband Jigs on the 1978 album "Goa bitar 7".
"Come On in My Kitchen" is a blues song by Robert Johnson.
"Can't Wait 'Til Christmas" is a song by Japanese singer-songwriter Hikaru Utada.
The album's popularity continued to grow, however, and it has since been touted as a breakthrough achievement for the Beastie Boys.
This recording appeared to be intended for any team to adopt, since Lithuania did not qualify for the finals of World Cup 2006.
The song also appears on two live albums by Bob Dylan — Hard Rain and At Budokan.
"Eye of the Needle" is a song recorded by Australian recording artist Sia for her sixth studio album, 1000 Forms of Fear.
The selection was decided by a combination of juries' and public votes.
The lyrics concern finding a lover, although Simon once characterized the subject matter as being about a "belief," rather than about a specific individual.
A live recording from the Amnesiac tour was released on I Might Be Wrong: Live Recordings.
"Unravel" is the third song on the album Homogenic by Björk, which was released in 1997.
Bono directed the group and spoke to the audience about the ONE Campaign.
"Indian Sunset" is a 1971 song, written and recorded by Elton John, with lyrics by his long-time songwriting partner, Bernie Taupin.
It was written and composed by neo-classical metal guitarist Jason Becker.
In Indian religions, Heaven is considered as Svarga loka, and the soul is again subjected to rebirth in different living forms according to its karma.
It was written by Jepsen, Ariel Rechtshaid and Dev Hynes, while production was handled by Rechtshaid.
"Hit Da Pavement" is a song by American funk duo 7 Days of Funk.
The original recording was later released on the Strawberry Sampler Number 1 album.
Harrison performed the song at the Concert for Bangladesh on 1 August 1971, during the afternoon show only, although the recording has never been issued officially.
Home Is Where You Hang Yourself is a double album by Her Space Holiday.
In 2009, the single was listed at number 24 in Billboard's Hot 100 Songs of the Decade.
It appeared somewhere around 1880 published in several American newspapers.
A music video for the song "Couch Potato" was planned but was cancelled due to objections by Eminem.
"Compared to What" is a composition, with lyrics, by Gene McDaniels.
Just let me hold your hand – Yah!
It was written by Mick Jagger and Keith Richards in 1965.
The song was released in 1973 by Barclay Records as a single and became a hit in the Netherlands, Belgium and in the UK.
"Cora, The Indian Maiden's Song" is a song written by Shirley Brooks for his burletta, The Wigwam, sometime before 1847.
"Udhreko Choli" had been popular among youth due to its crude lyrics.
"Forgot to Laugh" is a song by American actress, singer, songwriter, musician and record producer, Bridgit Mendler, from her debut studio album, Hello My Name Is....
With these lyrics, the song was recorded by among others Sten & Stanley, Jan Malmsjö, Hasse Andersson and Cyndee Peters.
Most of the Boards of Education in India and some universities of Europe include the poem in the English literature syllabus.
Spade Cooley, with Tex Williams on vocals, had a big hit with it in 1946, spending 11 weeks on the country charts, reaching number two.
"Boys the Old Flag Never Touched The Ground" is a patriotic song that was sung at events about the Medal of Honor recipient Sgt.
It's actually quite literary, but Gram was, we know, was a very bright kid.
Produced by G-Production and written by Rock City the song was released on February 9, 2010.
In January 2006, a state Senate panel voted to designate "Shenandoah" as the "interim official state song."
It is built over a strong piano melody, drums, and minimal synths.
The song was written by Barry and Robin Gibb of the Bee Gees, who received the 1980 Ivor Novello award for Best Song Musically and Lyrically.
This is the last song written by Stan Rogers before his death, and arguably among his most lyrically evocative.
The film stars Robert Redford as a man lost at sea.
"Spanish Bombs" is a song by English punk rock band the Clash, with principal vocals by Joe Strummer and additional vocals by Mick Jones.
"The Sunset" is one of two songs written by Mike Pinder for Days of Future Passed, with the other being "Dawn is a Feeling".
In 1994, it was recorded by Jenny Öhlund on her Christmas album Mitt julkort.
Despite having garnered considerable radio play and remaining a fan favorite, "Mayonaise" was never an officially released single.
The game had an exceptionally large marketing budget that included advertisements, sweepstakes, and a national tour.
It's about individual responsibility for war and how the old feudal thinking kills us all."
Amanda Ghost, Ian Dench and Makeba Riddick wrote the song in collaboration with its producers Knowles and production duo Stargate.
The song was not uncommon as either an opener or a closer of Wire's live sets at the time.
Its revolutionary open style featuring early imitative counterpoint and two-voice parts has added to its acclaim as one of the most influential compositions of its time.
In the 2007 TV series "Leende guldbruna ögon", it was performed by fictional dansband Sven Bodins.
The Pitman's Revenge in Geordie dialect is a traditional Geordie folk song written c1804, by George Cameron, in a style deriving from music hall.
"Bron-Yr-Aur" is an acoustic guitar instrumental by English rock band Led Zeppelin.
"Hell Is For Children" is a song by American rock singer Pat Benatar.
Versions of this ballad also exist outside the Child collection.
"Slim Slow Slider" is the closing track on the 1968 album Astral Weeks by Northern Irish singer-songwriter Van Morrison.
He increased Thomas's tempo and added his own guitar accompaniment, placing harmonica solos between verses."
Brel never recorded this for a studio album, and his only version was released on the live album Enregistrement Public à l'Olympia 1964.
"The Longest Night" is a ballad number performed by the Bee Gees, with lead vocals by Robin Gibb.
It was nominated for Album of the Year and won Best Rap Album at the 58th Grammy Awards.
Kaleohano, a name meaning the voice authority and respect, is the title of a song written by Louis Moon Kauakahi.
Aside from Harrison, the musicians on the track are Gary Wright, Nicky Hopkins, Ringo Starr, Klaus Voormann and Jim Keltner.
"Americano" is a song recorded by American singer Lady Gaga, taken from her second studio album, Born This Way.
"Infinity" is a song by English-Irish boy band One Direction from their fifth studio album, Made in the A.M..
It was released as the lead single from the album on August 15, 1999.
Irene Dunne performed the song in the film version Roberta.
"The Twelve Days of Christmas" has a Roud Folk Song Index number of 68.
"Bad" is a song by rock band U2 and the seventh track from their 1984 album, The Unforgettable Fire.
Artist Albert Wilfred Barbelle designed the sheet music cover.
Irving Berlin wrote the lyrics and composed the music.
The song was originally performed by Donny Osmond and was titled "Do You Want Me", and appeared on the 1971 album "To You with Love, Donny".
The song was played in the shuttle and Ramon said: "A special good morning to my wife, Rona, the love of my life."
"Proof" is a song by English band I Am Kloot.
"7 Skies H3" is a composition by American experimental rock band The Flaming Lips, released on October 31, 2011.
"Foolish Lullaby" is a song by Laura Branigan from her fourth studio album Hold Me.
Lemmer's vocals tie the video together with emotional lyrics and a powerful voice.
It appeared on the background of Paul Schrader's 1979 crime drama, Hardcore, in a scene filmed in Los Angeles.
The supermarket in question was the International, located at 471-473 Kings Road, beneath the World's End Estate.
The sequence-driven B section is exemplary of Rodgers' writing, and similar progressions can be found in songs such as "I Cain't Say No."
Lyrically, the song features Rihanna sexually seducing her lover, while revealing her "nasty secrets".
It was written by Jon Foreman for their 1999 album New Way to Be Human.
Lyrically it talks explicitly about oral sex and cunnilingus through heavy innuendo in line with Beyoncé's sexual tone.
Ed King says, "The original version of the band only played 'Curtis Loew' one time on stage.
Musically, "Long Way to Go" is influenced by electronic music and alternative hip hop, with partial influence from both dance music and soul music.
It contains lyrics by Hank Williams to which Dylan composed music and appears on the 2011 LP The Lost Notebooks of Hank Williams.
It was first released on the band's fifth album, 1975's Face the Music.
This, he claims, has given it a different feel from a typically Noel-written Oasis album.
"Everybody Fucks" is a song recorded by American rapper Pitbull from his seventh studio album, Global Warming.
"Love" is a song written and performed by John Lennon, originally released in 1970 on the John Lennon/Plastic Ono Band album.
Stovall and George, country musicians based in southern California, probably wrote the song in 1958, when it was first recorded by Wynn Stewart.
Its style is often compared to The Rolling Stones' Exile on Main Street.
When the workers returned to the cities, the Wobblies faced the Salvation Army.
"Canvas" is a song by British singer/songwriter Imogen Heap, from her album Ellipse.
"Fair Charlotte" is an American folk ballad.
It became a local hit and then it went nationwide.
Kuselan stars Pasupathy and Meena in lead roles.
The song was later reproduced and remastered for inclusion on their debut album Night Visions and appears as the sixth track on the album.
Five singles were released from the album.
The song was later covered by The Beatles during a 1963 session at the BBC, that is available on the 1994 album Live at the BBC.
It is the sixth track on their 1991 album Achtung Baby, concluding side one of the album.
It is dedicated to the memory of Pakistani qawwali singer Ustad Nusrat Fateh Ali Khan written at the time of the tenth anniversary of his death.
Adele wrote most of the album's material solely, but did work with a select few writers and producers including Jim Abbiss, Eg White and Sacha Skarbek.
Hard Road to Travel is a song by Jimmy Cliff.
It is on this tour that Neil met future Crowded House bassist and collaborator, Nick Seymour.
The music video of the track features actors Sushant Singh Rajput and Anushka Sharma.
The song has been recorded on over 200 singles and albums and by many famous singers, including Bing Crosby, Connie Francis, and Roger Whittaker.
At the Grammy Awards of 1966, "The September of My Years" was nominated for the Grammy Award for Song of the Year.
Kramer released it as the B-side to "Bad to Me", a Lennon song that Kramer took to number 1.
The song would later be heard throughout the Disneyland television miniseries Davy Crockett, first telecast on December 15, 1954.
Silent Alarm is the debut studio album by British indie rock band Bloc Party.
"I know you calledI know you calledI know you hung up my line
Its title is the longest of any song released by the group.
In 2004, "Look" was rewritten with Van Dyke Parks as "Song for Children", and released on Wilson's solo rerecording of Smile.
The Black Strobe remix was released as a split single with The Futureheads by Oxfam.
Nevertheless, Gaga explained that "Hair" was not planned to be a single, but may be made one if it sold well like "The Edge of Glory".
Lin-Manuel Miranda wrote both the music and lyrics to the song.
The flip side was "Who Who Who".
"This Heart of Mine" is a 1946 song.
The song was the model for masses by Petrus Roselli and the Missa Baises-moy by Mathurin Forestier.
This is one of the rejected songs from The Wall and its working title was "Teach".
The song composition interpolates "Per qualche dollaro in più" by Ennio Morricone, from the music soundtrack for the film For a Few Dollars More.
While originally an instrumental piece and usually performed as such, lyrics were later written for it by Oscar Brown Jr.
"One Way Ticket" is a song performed by Neil Sedaka, written by Jack Keller and Hank Hunter.
The track was produced by Wally Morris, Lloyd Polite, J.Irby, and T.W.
Complex ranked "FuckWithMeYouKnowIGotIt" number 20 on their list of the 50 best songs of 2013.
The song was played at Wilson's funeral in January 1984.
A new mix of the song by producer Steve Lillywhite was released as a single in April 2017.
The music has been interpreted as reflecting in part the rootlessness of the Turkish immigrants who made up a large proportion of the area's population.
Founds played the song as a worship leader in his church.
By 1915 this had become a comment on the fashion tastes of white women:
"Mile in These Shoes" is a song recorded by American singer Jennifer Lopez for her sixth studio album Brave.
Foster wrote the song with his estranged wife Jane McDowell in mind.
The first album version was recorded by Bill Hayes, quickly followed by versions by Fess Parker and Tennessee Ernie Ford.
Its lead single, "Team", was released on 18 March 2016.
Although not released as a single, the song charted on the Billboard Hot 100 and the Pop 100, due to digital sales.
"3AM" is the third single and the third track from Matchbox 20's debut album, Yourself or Someone Like You.
Highly varied lyrically and sonically, Paul's Boutique secured the Beastie Boys' place as critical favorites in the hip-hop genre.
It is sung by Joe Strummer, who starts the song shouting "London's Burning!"
Swedish rock artist-songwriter Svante Karlsson covered it on his debut album American Songs in 1999.
"Tan Feliz" is a song by American artist Pee Wee.
The title has been used universally since then, occasionally with variations or misspellings, such as "Carden's Welcome", "O'Carolan's Welcome", and "Carolan's Air".
"Dance for You" is a midtempo R&B and synthpop song, in which Beyoncé adopts sensual vocals.
"There's Only One Way to Rock" is a hard rock song by Sammy Hagar off the 1981 album Standing Hampton.
The song describes how the singer is "like a tree planted by the waters" who "shall not be moved" because of their faith in God.
"Without a Map" is a song by Canadian musician Sam Roberts.
The cuckoo is a pretty bird, she sings as she flies; she brings us glad tidings, and she tells us no lies.
Basie's 1955 recording is the most famous, and that particular performance was inducted into the Grammy Hall of Fame.
The Knight's Ghost is Child ballad 265.
It is also a bonus track on the physical deluxe edition of Sheeran's second studio album x.
In the final the song placed second after the winning song "Heroes" performed by Måns Zelmerlöw.
Bachman is well-known for his anti-drug lifestyle.
Suffer little children, and forbid them not, to come unto me: for of such is the kingdom of heaven.
At the 2014 MTV Video Music Awards, Beyoncé performed "No Angel" live during a medley of songs from her fifth studio album.
It is a 12-bar blues in B♭ which, like one of his other B♭ blues, "Blue Monk", makes creative use of chromatics in the melody.
The instrumental of the song is sampled on Romainian singer, INNA's 2013 single More than Friends.
It was released by RCA Victor Records as a 45rpm single with catalog number 47-7670 and as a stereophonic 45rpm single with catalog number 61-7670.
"A Simple Desultory Philippic" is a song written by American singer-songwriter Paul Simon.
The song peaked on the Billboard Hot 100 at number 64 and the Billboard R&B/Hip-Hop Digital Songs chart at number 13 in December 2011.
A famous version was performed by Raffi and appears on his 1976 album Singable Songs for the Very Young.
He has also been credited with criticizing global warming before the public outcry against it had become prominent.
The song is widely used in congregational singing, particularly within evangelicalism.
Mamie Smith and Her Jazz Hounds recorded it on August 10, 1920, which was released that year by Okeh Records.
Andersen has stated in interviews that Phil Ochs encouraged him to finish the song, and later recordings of "Boots" were dedicated to the late folksinger.
The first recording of the song was by Gayle McCormick on her 1974 solo album One More Hour.
The song was also performed by Chuck/God on the television show Supernatural, at the end of the episode "Don't Call Me Shurley."
"Don’t Make Promises" was the first track on Tim Hardin's debut album Tim Hardin 1, released in 1966.
On vocalist Damo Suzuki's 1998 solo album V.E.R.N.I.S.S.A.G.E, a version of this song is performed along with "Mushroom", also from Tago Mago.
I never got to meet him, but the Airplane ended up doing it."
1 university in its annual university rankings.
Carl Wilson sings vocals, a rarity at the time the song was recorded.
The song was then interpolated in the musical comedy An Artist's Model.
Following the release of Unapologetic, "What Now" made appearances on various charts around the world.
At home games, a version of the song recorded in 1993 by Bill Archer and the Big Bear Band is played every time the Bears score.
The song also became subject of many interpretations with the most famous being the Bette Midler version.
It was released on February 1, 2010.
The first part of the song, titled "Your Move", was released as a single.
One, by Charlie Poole and the North Carolina Ramblers whose "Shootin' Creek", a version of "Cripple Creek", contains verses from "Ida Red", i.e.
The words to the song were then written by Dirk Knegt, and it was composed by Emile Painparé.
and rapper Ice Cube, who used the musical instrumental of the song for his breakthrough hit, "It Was a Good Day".
The song was composed by guitarist/singer Randy California, recorded in sessions produced by Lou Adler.
"PerfektBreitHimmelblau" are three songs and a triple A-side-single by the German punk rock band Die Ärzte.
Lyrics and music were written by John J. Donahue.
Due to contractual issues with Columbia, the song could not be released as "Fables of Faubus", and so the Candid version was titled "Original Faubus Fables".
Critics were generally complimentary and praised Legend's vocal delivery.
Julie Andrews included the song in her album Don't Go in the Lion's Cage Tonight.
The song's title refers to datura, a plant known for its toxic and hallucinogenic properties.
There also exist twin hills in Staunton, Virginia which were named after the girls by Scottish immigrants.
It is his best-selling album in Denmark and is dedicated to his longtime writing partner Bernie Taupin.
The other half of the album is original material, featuring many "style parodies", or musical imitations of existing artists.
Each debuted professionally by accompanying Dorival onstage and in recordings.
It was recorded by Burl Ives on 11 February 1941 for his debut album Okeh Presents the Wayfaring Stranger.
The song begins with studio-recorded spoken word lyrics delivered by Zappa and is followed by the chorus.
A famous recording was done by Tommy Körberg with Sissel Kyrkjebø on the 1989 Tommy Körberg Christmas album Julen är här.
Jessica co-wrote the song with Evan Bogart, Shari Short and Billy Corgan.
"Jai Ho" was, at the time of its release "the toast of the town in almost every part of the world".
"Mountain Greenery" is a popular song composed by Richard Rodgers, with lyrics by Lorenz Hart for the musical The Garrick Gaieties.
An English interpretation with the title "Wonderful Peace" is made by Norman Luboff.
In the song Nelly raps about how he is at the top of his game and has the drive and will to succeed in life.
"Sunday" is a mid-tempo alternative song taken from The Cranberries debut album, Everybody Else Is Doing It, So Why Can't We?.
But it is also the most often cited, along with Robin Hood and the Monk, for excessive brutality.
Her seventh album, Version of Me, was released on 21 October 2016.
"Nanga Punga Dost" is a Hindi song from the 2014 Bollywood film, PK.
At first, the track was planned to be the lead single from Bionic, however "Not Myself Tonight" was released instead.
It became the first platinum single in Lithuania in four years.
It features vocals by American rapper ASAP Rocky.
The song also uses modal mixture for a picardy third ending.
The title song is used for the second ending theme of Shugo Chara!.
The first line of the chorus is: "Boys, put on your uniforms."
It features DMX delivering more hardcore lyrics over a dark and horrorcore influenced beat.
It's the opening track of the 1978 album of the same name.
This song pays homage to the passing of several local characters, with a small part dedicated to those still living.
Quintanilla—her brother and principal record producer, whose intention was to showcase Selena's diverse musical abilities.
Brave Helios, wake up your steeds.Bring the warmth the countryside needs.
"Stand by Me" should not to be confused with "Stand by Me Father", by Sam Cooke and James W. Alexander.
The song ends with the sound of a bat swung by Willie Upshaw striking a pitched baseball.
This "hobo" has seen it all, once being an affluent yet selfish man unable to trust anybody, including his own brother.
An adaptation of "The Popular Wobbly" was also included in a 1931 songbook published by radio personality Ernest Iverson.
Her debut album, Faryl, was recorded from December 2008 to January 2009 and released in March 2009.
According to one biographer of Lead Belly he performed it for Texas Governor Pat Neff at the Sugarland Penitentiary in 1924.
"Mexicali Rose" is a popular song with music by Jack Tenney and lyrics by Helen Stone, published in 1923.
3 on the Billboard 200 album chart and eventually earning a RIAA platinum certification.
It has a Roud Folk Song Index number of 649.
Prior to that, it appears as a line in the poem "Far Arden" by Jim Morrison of The Doors.
"The Times They Are a-Changin'" is a song written by Bob Dylan and released as the title track of his 1964 album of the same name.
"The Japanese Sandman" is a song from 1920, composed by Richard A. Whiting and with lyrics by Raymond B. Egan.
The album's charting duration and lifetime sales of 7 million copies, however, were less than those of Achtung Baby.
It was performed live at the 2014 Billboard Music Awards with a "Pepper's ghost" of Michael Jackson.
Intended for a potential Christmas album, their 1977 recording was left unreleased.
The song was served as a promotional single of the album and released on 26 November 2015.
Copies of the broadside can be found at the British Library, the National Library of Scotland, and Magdelene college.
The lyrics are altered for pronoun gender on the basis of the sex of the singer.
The complete version is generally used on compilations.
"The Answer's at the End" is a song by English musician George Harrison, released in 1975 on his final album for Apple Records, Extra Texture.
The CD version has a 2nd take of the tune.
Ma-til-da; Ma-til-da; Ma-til-da, she take me money and run a-Venezuela.
A photo of the lyricist and composer are also featured on the cover.
On release, Rolling Stone magazine described it as "a grand cacophony of sound in which horns sound like guitars and vice versa".
As a single, it failed to chart on the Billboard Hot 100, but reached number 65 on the Cashbox charts.
Oliver's plunger mute solo on first cornet became one of the most frequently-imitated solos of his generation.
It was also present on the set list of Gaga's residency show at Roseland Ballroom and ArtRave: The Artpop Ball tour.
"Now and Then" is an unfinished song by John Lennon, recorded in 1978 as a solo piano/vocal demo.
"On Sight" is a song by American rapper Kanye West, from his sixth solo studio album Yeezus.
Jagger opens the song with the rhythm guitar piece and is accompanied by Taylor's "country-like licks" on lead.
"All Bad" is a single by Canadian recording artist Justin Bieber.
Since 1898, ships had been traveling to Chicago laden with Christmas trees.
Burçak Tarlası is the arranged form of a Turkish folkloric tune and it is one of the pioneers in Turkish pop music.
Annie may agree to the marriage, but only on her terms.
It tells the tale of the eponymous spinster.
As a song it is, just like the Anthem of Europe, sung to the same tune as Beethoven's 9th symphony.
"Good Rocking Tonight" was originally a jump blues song released in 1947 by its writer, Roy Brown and was covered by many other recording artists.
The song, like many Bulgarian and other traditional Eastern European folk songs, is in an uneven meter: 7/8, counted as slow-quick-quick.
Kenneth Lindholm also recorded the song in 1987.
Equally notable are his ballads celebrating the fishermen and women of Bahia, including "Promessa de Pescador", "O Que É Que a Baiana Tem?
On the other hand, "A Rather Blustery Day" could only be considered a title song for this particular installment within the Pooh canon.
"Here, There and Everywhere" is a song written by Paul McCartney, released on the Beatles' 1966 album Revolver.
"Double Up" is a song off R&B singer R. Kelly's eighth studio album of the same name.
"Wind Chimes" is a song composed by Brian Wilson for the American rock band The Beach Boys.
The album received positive reviews from critics and many cited it as Oasis's best album in a decade.
It first reached the Billboard magazine charts on November 4, 1949, and lasted 10 weeks on the chart, peaking at #15.
It was the first song released as a single from the LP.
"The Chain" was created from combinations of several previously rejected materials, including solo work by Buckingham, Nicks and Christine McVie.
Dissatisfied with the result, Whiting threw the manuscript in the trash.
The song was written by Wonder and Gary Byrd.
Qadam Qadam Badhaye Ja was the regimental quick march of the Subhas Chandra Bose's Indian National Army.
Although never released as a single, the song became one of Rainbow's greatest hits and is featured on all of their compilations.
According to Slate's Forrest Wickman, the song lyrically discusses the singer looking for one last night with a lover, before they go their separate ways.
It is most often attributed to Joe "King" Oliver, though some have argued that Louis Armstrong was in fact the composer.
It is widely considered one of the greatest guitar solos of all time.
The song was a tribute to Jagathy Sreekumar, who had met with an accident just over a year before its release.
In that 6 minute 50 second rendition, Reuben Morgan was the worship leader, with supporting main vocals by Darlene Zschech & Joel Houston.
Commercially, the song topped the charts in several countries, including Canada, Ireland, New Zealand, and Norway.
It was originally recorded by the Eagles, and included on their 1974 album On the Border.
Reception of the book has generally been positive.
English lyrics and the title were written by Carl Sigman.
Jackson was angered by the allegations, his perception of being mistreated by the police and media, and the negative effect on his health.
The song is a tribute piece to late bassist Paul Gray who died of a drug overdose in May 2010.
A different version of the song would also appear on the 2003 remaster of Very 'Eavy...
The song was performed by Charles Hart and Ellot Shaw and reached number eight on the top 100 U.S. songs of 1918.
The Sony BMG joint venture was dropped in 2008, which led to Bertelsmann's Sony BMG stake going back to Sony.
"Lille katt" is a Swedish children's song.
In December 2009, Billboard listed her at the 97th position on their Hot 100 Artists of 2000s.
In 2005, a remixed version was released as a limited edition 12" vinyl, from the album Twin Freaks.
The song has been played at nearly every concert since 2000.
It features Beyoncé dancing with women of different ages, races, and sizes.
"Like a Baby" is a song written by Jesse Stone.
It was released on their third studio album London Calling.
The song was written as a reaction to Wilson's experiences with lysergic acid diethylamide, as he explained, "I had gotten into that kind of thing.
The song's lyrics express the frustration of making the same mistake over and over.
It was released in 1967 as the second track on their studio album Wild Honey.
"Trapped in the Drive-Thru" is the eleventh song from "Weird Al" Yankovic's twelfth studio album Straight Outta Lynwood, which was released on September 26, 2006.
The tune was released in 2009 and aired while his father was alive, before Kim Jong-un had a formal position.
Both songs are collectively referred to as All I Ever Wanted on the film's soundtrack.
It appears as the opening track on his second studio album, Poses.
The album was influenced by the hard rock, progressive rock and heavy metal of the time and covers subjects such as folklore and religion.
Mitchell wrote Little Green in 1967 about the daughter she had placed for adoption in 1965, when she was a poor folk singer in Toronto.
It topped the country singles chart, and was also a crossover hit, reaching number eight on the U.S. pop singles chart.
It has become a worldwide instrumental standard that has sold around 10 million copies.
"Alabamy Bound" is a Tin Pan Alley tune written in 1924, with music by Ray Henderson and words by Buddy DeSylva and Bud Green.
The song was not issued as a single, but was later included on the Elmore James/John Brim compilation albums Tough, and Whose Muddy Shoes.
There is also a reference to the track on the lyrics: gaunt granite climbs where gulls wheel and glide.
The unnamed narrator describes the state of the world, and suggests, "Let’s drop the big one and see what happens."
"I'm On" originally appeared on Trae's album Street King, only featuring Lupe Fiasco, Big Boi, Wale and MDMA.
Lucinda Williams is the third studio album by American singer-songwriter Lucinda Williams.
Also, the lyrics deal with transport using different types of vehicles during a wintertime snowstorm.
"Up the Khyber" is a piece of instrumental music by the British rock band Pink Floyd.
Rolling Stone placed "Beat It" on the 344th spot of its list of "The 500 Greatest Songs of All Time".
It is the signature song of Red Foley who recorded it in 1950.
Subsequently, many cover versions of the song have been released in a range of styles: metal, pop, rock, punk rock, country, dance, and industrial.
Martin Smith often announces this song with the sentence "This song is for all the history makers" at live concerts.
An instrumental version of the song was used in the 1933 film Baby Face starring Barbara Stanwyck.
"Saint Louis Blues" is a popular American song, composed by W. C. Handy in the blues style and published in September 1914.
It was premiered worldwide on Jackson's official website on October 12, 2009 four months after his death on June 25, 2009.
It is noted for its organ intro and rapid-fire drums, as well as its enigmatic and quick-spoken lyrics.
Jagger, Richards and Mick Taylor each perform acoustic guitar for the piece.
"Bookends", also known as "Bookends Theme", is a song by American music duo Simon & Garfunkel from their fourth studio album, Bookends.
The name of the song, but in the plural, was used as the username for They Might Be Giants' official YouTube account.
It was first introduced by Mary Martin in the original Broadway production and sung by Mitzi Gaynor in the 1958 film adaptation.
This is notable because both these songs are inspirational songs sung by the earth-mother characters, who have similar singing voices.
The song was reissued on “Southern Journey #6: Sheep, Sheep, Don’cha Know the Road” in the Alan Lomax Collection CD series, 1997.
"Evil Woman" is a song written by lead vocalist Jeff Lynne and recorded by Electric Light Orchestra.
The song title is sometimes given as "Hey Joe, Where You Gonna Go?"
Day's recording of the song for Columbia Records made it to number two on the Billboard Hot 100 and number one in the UK Singles Chart.
Annie Lennox recorded a cover of the song for her album Diva.
"Brother Where You Bound" is the epic length title track to Supertramp's 1985 album of the same name.
With the production by The Neptunes, the song gained some critical attention for its very sparse production.
When shall I be, My God, with Thee, to see Thy face?
It has been included in several Christmas compilation albums, including Now That's What I Call Christmas!
Roman Holiday is a song by Trinidadian-born American hip hop artist Nicki Minaj, the opening track from her second album, Pink Friday: Roman Reloaded.
A DVD of the original shows, featuring a total of 21 songs, was released on November 28, 2006.
Instrumentally, the track relies on drum percussion and piano.
The latter had also written the English lyrics for the song in all the versions.
Mano Negra's success with the release of "Mala Vida" led the band to a contract with Virgin.
It finally emerged as the forty-fifth best R&B/Hip-Hop song of 2007 in the United States.
The words represent Jacobitism and modern Scottish Nationalism.
It made its premiere on OVO Sound Radio in July 2015.
Its instrumentation consists essentially of synthesizers and keyboards.
The tune is very similar to the verses in Chuck Berry's "You Can't Catch Me".
Written by guitarist Jerry Garcia and lyricist Robert Hunter, "Uncle John's Band" presents the Dead in an acoustic and musically concise mode, with close harmony singing.
It debuted at number 38 on the US Billboard Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs, upon the album's release.
The song has been heavily recorded over the years with performances by Guy Lombardo and The King Sisters.
"Who Said" bears teen pop aspects musically, while its lyrics are about individualism.
"Peak Hour" is one of the more up-beat songs on Days of Future Passed.
But it was up to others with a profit motive to take it and rework it for a nationwide audience.
"All My Life" is a song by Belarusian singer Alyona Lanskaya.
Another song with the same name, written by Graham Lyle and Benny Gallagher, was recorded by McGuinness Flint and Mary Hopkin in the early 1970s.
A 1973 Jan Öjlers recording, Lycka till med nästa kille, charted at Svensktoppen for one week, ending up 10th on 21 October 1973.
Hybrid Theory is the debut studio album by American rock band Linkin Park, released on October 24, 2000 through Warner Bros. Records.
Tere Ishq Nachaya is a Punjabi Sufi song composed by 18th-century mystic-poet Baba Bulle Shah.
In the show, Nellie sings this song after being convinced that despite the racial differences between her and Emile, there is good in him.
"Good Man in Storm" is a song released in 1985 by the British musical group Level 42, on their sixth studio album World Machine.
Twenty-six soldiers were charged with criminal offenses, but only Lieutenant William Calley Jr., a platoon leader in C Company, was convicted.
The guitar work is noted as well, Bob Gendron praising the song's "landslide riffs" in the Chicago Tribune.
Bell debuted the show at the 2014 Edinburgh Festival Fringe, where he performed at Assembly Studio One daily from the 5th through the 16th of August.
It has been recorded and performed numerous times since.
Elvis Presley performed his version of the song three different times on national television.
Mary kills the infant – in some versions by casting it out to sea or drowning, and in others by exposure.
It has five stanzas, covering the time period from 1860 to 1892.
After its initial release, the soundtrack album had subsequent CD reissues by Jim Henson Records in 1993 and by Walt Disney Records on August 13, 2013.
"I See the Light" is a song written by composer Alan Menken and lyricist Glenn Slater for Walt Disney Animation Studios' 50th animated feature film Tangled.
The song has been recorded numerous time in many different styles.
The song appears to have no effect, and the two sides start fighting.
"Nightclubbing" is a song written by David Bowie and Iggy Pop, first released by Iggy Pop on his debut solo studio album, The Idiot in 1977.
The band would often play "Black Diamond" to close their concerts.
"Nej se det snöar" is a Swedish children's song with lyrics and music by Felix Körling.
The rhyme as published today however is a sophisticated piece usually attributed to American poet Eliza Lee Cabot Follen.
Sa Ugoy ng Duyan is a Filipino lullaby.
John Lodge, Mike Pinder, and Ray Thomas also provide backing vocals during the song's chorus.
Kita no Daishizen Special 'Mori no Love Letter' Kuramoto Sō ga Okuru, Hateshinai Inochi no Monogatari.
She spent her remaining years refuting those lines, once saying "That devil hasn't shown up in 58 years!"
The song is a reflection of the many influences the Stones would have during their career in the mid-1980s.
The song has many changes in time signature and key signature, and even incorporates some musique concrète.
This is not the song "Like A Baby" recorded by Len Barry and written by John Madara, David White and Len Barry.
Lyrically, the song deals with several teenage themes, including friendship, partying, staying up late at night and references several names in pop culture.
The specific ballad Dylan was referring to has not been identified, but speculation includes "The Water is Wide", "O Waly, Waly" and "I Wish, I Wish".
She has also used vibrant rhymes to describe the magnificence of the bazaars and also the products sold in the bazaars.
It was written in honour of Plant's son Karac, who died while Led Zeppelin was on their 1977 North American tour.
Arhtur Fields also recorded a version of the song, which was released in 1918 under Edison Blue Amberol.
The album was supported with five digitally released singles: "Earthquake", "Somebody Come Get This Bitch", "Mr.
The 1923 silent film The Country Kid used the song as its musical theme, and sheet music promoting the film was printed.
The song, which was produced by Skhye Hutch, THANKGOD4CODY, The Antydote, Chris Calor and SmokeyGotBeatz, was released as a promotional single on August 27, 2015.
The song was published in 1920 and was named after the five-year-old daughter of singer and songwriter Eddie Cantor.
The song is about a person who, while talking to a bartender, deals with thoughts of their own death.
Later recorded by Burl Ives the same year and Glen Campbell in 1970, the song reached a wider audience from these versions.
It bears many similarities to "Moonlight Mile" from their 1971 album Sticky Fingers.
It has a Roud Folk Song Index number of 6489.
The record first reached the Billboard magazine charts on September 3, 1948 and lasted 5 weeks on the chart, peaking at #24.
A final edition was issued in 1924 by the C. I. Hicks Music Company of Boston.
It is also frequently played during timeouts at the team's basketball games.
The song has been recorded many times, and is said to have first been recorded by Jimmy Dean in 1952.
The song received strong radio airplay in Japan around the album's release date in Japan, reaching number eight on the Billboard Japan Hot 100.
The coda of the song features a sample of "Head Over Heels" by Tears for Fears.
Despite the name, the form is a multi-strain ragtime rather than a conventional blues..
The music video was released on YouTube on December 20, 2011 and it was used to promote Within Temptation's The Unforgiving Tour.
Shine's lyrics revolve around the lead character Paddington Bear's journey to London and his identity crisis.
He is out of drag, but when he holds up his hand, you can see his blue nail polish.
"I Do It" features fellow rappers Drake and Lil Wayne, with production from D. Rich, Diplo and Wonder Arillo.
Upon the release of Unapologetic, the song debuted at number 35 on the UK R&B Chart and 177 on the UK Singles Chart.
A 1943 film I'll Walk Beside You was named after it, and featured the tune throughout.
"Let Me Get 'em" is a promo single from rap artist Soulja Boy's first studio album souljaboytellem.com.
It was sung by Kannada cinema's most celebrated actor, Rajkumar, who also performed to the song in the film.
The song was originally published in 1913, both in Bärina Hallonhätta och andra visor and volume 6 of Alice Tegnér's Sjung med oss, Mamma!.
Movin' with Nancy was a television special featuring Nancy Sinatra in a series of musical vignettes featuring herself and other artists.
Many parodies were written on this melody, and popular with both miners, and Civil War soldiers and civilians.
In a nutshell, the song is a reflection of Dr SID's musical journey.
"Good Hit" is a song recorded by American entertainer Jennifer Lopez for her seventh studio album Love?.
Billboard Hot 100: a single edit of "Make Me Smile" and "Colour My World".
"Lightspeed" is a song by Dev from her first studio album, The Night the Sun Came Up.
The Russians wanted to make a movie out of it.
"I Have Dreamed" is a show tune from the 1951 Rodgers and Hammerstein musical, The King and I.
Buckley describes the melody as "beautiful" and the refrain as "anthemic."
An earlier version, "Rosin the Bow" refers to rosin with the bow of a violin, but both cover the same general subject.
It is one of many songs based on the 1927 Louisiana flood.
It was on the 1985 album Back in the DHSS, and the 1988 CD ACD.
The song was also featured in Kevin Spacey’s 2004 film Beyond the Sea but is not included on the movie’s soundtrack.
An Europop and synthpop ballad, "The Real Thing" talks about mutual love between two lovers.
The song was recorded in Los Angeles, California at Can Am Studios in May 1996.
Bill Dahl of Allmusic praised the song saying, "'Honey Don't' actually outclasses its more celebrated platter-mate in some ways."
He started playing guitar and I started smelling neck bone, grits and greens and things.
The song was performed in their second film, Help!
"To Ramona" is a folk waltz written by Bob Dylan for his fourth studio album, Another Side of Bob Dylan.
Its name has the grammatical error deliberately as Hammerstein wrote his scripts phonetically.
In 1985, The Moody Brothers' version of the song received a Grammy Award nomination for "Best Country Instrumental Performance".
You have to start with the Mellotron that Mike Pinder was playing.
He added that the song gets very deep into the listener's consciousness "...because it's so peaceful.
This segment is absent from the studio recording but is a consistent part of live performances.
The song has also been recorded with lyrics in English, as Angel Buddy.
The song was written by Kenneth Coby and Ursula Yancy, with production helmed by Soundz.
However, Morrissey later established a friendship with Ann West, the mother of Moors victim Lesley Ann Downey, after she accepted that the band's intentions were honourable.
"Feeling Myself" is a hip hop song backed by a West Coast synth, driving bass and drums.
After a six-year hiatus, Gorillaz announced their fifth studio album Humanz, which was released on 28 April 2017.
The song was released in 1964 on Dylan's fourth studio album Another Side of Bob Dylan.
Hazlewood singled out his lyric "I never had a dog that liked me some" as being particularly inane.
In the finals, it finished fourth in the rankings failing to qualify to 2013 Eurovision Song Contest.
However, some music critics felt that the production does not live up to those of other songs featured on B'Day.
"Don't Ask My Name" is a famous North Korean song.
Artist Albert Wilfred Barbelle designed the sheet music cover, which features a photo of Al Jolson next to a shadow of a child on the phone.
The original version was recorded by Ric Cartey With The Jiva-Tones on November 24, 1956.
"Running to Stand Still" is a song by rock band U2, and it is the fifth track from their 1987 album, The Joshua Tree.
It appeared on Prine's eponymous 1971 debut album.
"Too Much Blood" has never been performed live by the Stones and appears on no compilations albums.
Lyrics, the song describe popular musical development during the 1950s and 1960s, with the boom among young people, and electric instruments becoming more common.
Currently it is number 24 on the list.
The earliest known recordings are credited to Eva Davis for Columbia in 1924, Ernest Stoneman for Okeh in 1925, and Buell Kazee for Brunswick in 1927.
"True Men Don't Kill Coyotes" is the first track from the eponymous 1984 debut album of The Red Hot Chili Peppers.
It is the album's opening track, as well as the now-out of print 80–85 compilation, which was released in 1991.
Linda Ronstadt recorded the song for her album For Sentimental Reasons
There is a reference in the London Company of Stationers' Register of 1580 to "A Moste Strange Weddinge of the Frogge and the Mouse."
It was composed by Gurukiran and sung by Chetan Sosca, Indu Nagaraj, with lyrics written by Pawan Wadeyar.
It is sung by Ringo Starr, the only Beatle to appear on the track.
The song's melody is based on Emmanuel Chabrier's 1883 composition, España.
The song received numerous airplay on all major radio stations in Nigeria, and peaked at number 1 on Capital Xtra's Afrobeats Chart for February 2015.
The most familiar refrain in the song is "There's a hole in daddy's arm, where all the money goes."
The song's music video won Best Rap Video and Best New Artist at the 2003 MTV Video Music Awards.
Sexy Lady is a song recorded by British singer-songwriter Jessie J for her second studio album, Alive.
The song is featured in the 1999 South Korean movie Peppermint Candy.
"Sommerfuggel i vinterland" is a famous Norwegian language song written, composed and sung by Norwegian artist Halvdan Sivertsen.
It was popularized by Kirana Gharana's founder Abdul Karim Khan.
It is ultimately up to the United States to win it.
The most frequent in the Roud Index are "The Nightingale", "The Bold Grenadier", and "One Morning in May", in that order.
"Hey, I spent a lotta time writing a bad lyric like that!
The album also peaked at number one in Australia, Canada, Ireland, New Zealand, and the United Kingdom.
eventually became a perennial favorite among Aquabats fans, and has since been played at every one of the band's concerts, almost always as the closing number.
The song was made famous by Steeleye Span in 1975.
Vocalist Rob Halford's performance is considered one of his finest ever, and the guitar work is noted as well, especially the solos.
Often using folk music or folk songs in dialect, the structure of the modern villotta entails four hendecasyllabic lines of verse followed by a refrain.
Upon the release of Lotus, the song debuted on the South Korea international singles chart at number 125 with digital download sales of 2,306.
"I Don't Live Today" is a song by the Jimi Hendrix Experience, released on May 12, 1967, on the band's debut album Are You Experienced.
Although "Tango in the Night" was never released as a single, it still reached #28 on the Billboard Mainstream Rock Chart.
it was the biggest hit of the following year and Brown Rang was the YouTube's most trending video of 2012.
A skyline is behind them, and the lights spell out, "Welcome Home."
It was originally recorded for inclusion on his 1976 album Desire, but was dropped in favor of "Joey".
"Wildwood Flower" is an American song, best known through performances and recordings by the Carter Family.
"Memory Motel" is a song from rock band The Rolling Stones' 1976 album Black and Blue.
U of K", is a fight song at the University of Kentucky.
"Halleluhwah" is a song by the krautrock band Can, on their 1971 album Tago Mago.
In the United States it held the number-one position on the Billboard singles chart for twelve weeks, from November 6, 1943, to January 22, 1944.
It was introduced by John Raitt in the original production.
The song was written for the school radio programme Bara vanligt vatten in 1957, and originally had seven verses.
"You and I" was recorded around May 1983, the Boneroo Horns was heard on the song's outro.
It was written by Ginny Blackmore, Aguilera and producer Aeon "Step" Manahan.
The subsequent Ghost Rider series featured Danny Ketch as a new Ghost Rider.
Featuring clips from the "Summertime Sadness" music video, a promotional video for "Bel Air" was released to YouTube in early November.
The story began as a sequel to Tolkien's 1937 fantasy novel The Hobbit, but eventually developed into a much larger work.
If you haven't got a ha'penny, then God bless you!
Written on acoustic guitars in Stipe's home, the original version of the song was a minute longer, with five different choruses, lacking melody and a bridge.
Will.i.am said the song "aims to encourage youth to study science".
Following demobilisation he started studies at the Warsaw Conservatory.
Another version of "Moonlight Densetsu" by Moon Lips was the opening theme of the next two Sailor Moon anime seasons.
In Germany it is often played by non-professional bands due to its popularity.
Out of all the tunes, "Unreachable" is one of the most accessible between the hummable chorus and the infectiously grooving electric piano line."
To date the album has sold more than 7 million copies worldwide.
So when we say that England's master,
A version for mixed choir, a cappella, was added in 1933 and originally published in 1944 by Gehrmans musikförlag.
"Buzzkill" is a song co-written and recorded by American country artist Luke Bryan for his compilation album, Spring Break...Here to Party.
In 1987 it was also recorded by Jan Hammarlund in French, as "Je veux vivre en Europe".
At the end of the song, however, there is a resolution.
Although one-handed tapping had been previously done by many guitarists, "Eruption" introduced two-handed tapping to the mainstream popular rock audience.
"She's Goin' Bald" is a song written by Brian Wilson, Mike Love, and Van Dyke Parks for the Beach Boys' 1967 album, Smiley Smile.
"Before I Grew Up To Love You" is a World War I era song released in 1917.
The song is about the fall of communism in Eastern Europe and Russia, resultant about-face consumerism and the passing of the Cold War nuclear threat.
It is told from the soldier's point of view, and the chorus is a profession of his love.
"Sheep" is a song by English band Pink Floyd, released on the album Animals in 1977.
After the release of Be Someone Else, "I Can't Live Without You In This Town" peaked at number 152 at the Metropolis Chart.
It was performed live on the Late Show with David Letterman in December 1994.
"Cockiness" is a dubstep and dancehall track.
The full title is: "Kentish Dick; Or, The Lusty Coach-Man of Westminster.
On the album version, "I-Feel-Like-I'm-Fixin'-to-Die Rag" appears following "The Fish Cheer", which at concerts became a Country Joe standard.
Bill Wyman performs bass while Charlie Watts performs drums.
The 1968 demo has been widely associated under The Beatles name and was recorded in reasonable quality.
"By the Grace of God" is a song by American singer Katy Perry from her fourth studio album, Prism, included as its closing track.
The "sci-fi" sounds in the beginning of the song were created using an ARP Odyssey synthesizer and an Echoplex tape delay.
It was written by guitarist Brad Whitford and lead singer Steven Tyler.
It was introduced in 1921 at the Orpheum Theatre in New Orleans.
"Someday My Prince Will Come" is a popular song from Walt Disney's 1937 animated movie Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs.
It's the sixth and final single of the album.
It earned a Grammy nomination for Best Rap Song at the 56th Annual Grammy Awards.
The chorus makes a pun on "blues":
The song's first section features a guitar solo by Alex Lifeson of Rush.
It was covered by Steve Gibson in 1948 and by The Four Aces in 1954.
The song was sent out to radio stations in November 1999 as a promo for the soundtrack and the band.
"Magic to Do" is the opening song from the musical Pippin.
"Harry Hood" is a song that is commonly performed live by the American band Phish, although it has yet to appear on a studio album.
The song has now achieved a cult status.
Timberlake who co-wrote "Cold Case Love" labeled the sound of Rihanna's new project as a step forward for the singer.
Enamo Aedho is a song from the 2011 Tamil feature film Ko, composed by Harris Jayaraj and performed by Aalap Raju.
It first appeared in a book entitled Good News for the Little Ones in December 1859.
It has become a standard of the Latin music repertoire, with notable performances by artists such as Cuarteto Machín, Daniel Santos, Noro Morales and Ibrahim Ferrer.
It was originally released on the Eagles' album Hotel California on December 8, 1976.
"Sing Like Me" is a song by American recording artist Chris Brown.
The tune, using what is practically a trademark for Porter, shifts between a major and minor feeling.
The lyricist was Felice Cascione and the intention was to spur on the partisan movement.
It has since appeared on several of his live and compilation albums.
It was covered later by Benny Goodman and his Orchestra, Spike Jones & His City Slickers, and many more.
It also peaked at number three on the UK Indie Chart.
"Mutilate the Beat" is the sixth track from Necro's fifth studio album, Death Rap.
It was the first song recorded for the album and does not feature Richards at all.
It was first released as a hidden track on the 1993 AIDS-benefit compilation album No Alternative.
In 1997, Sven-Erik Magnusson, as Sven-Enrique Magnusson, recorded the song in Spanish as "Dos ojos lindos", releasing it as a single.
"Turn to Stone" is a 1977 song by Electric Light Orchestra.
A music video, directed by Del Rey, was released on April 21, 2012.
It was written by frontman Steven Tyler, and released on the band's 1974 album Get Your Wings.
The album cover art, created by Alton Kelley and Stanley Mouse, is an homage to a painting by René Magritte entitled "Le Blanc-Seing".
Originally, the song had a doo-wop arrangement.
Robyn and Gandeleyn is Child ballad 115.
It was first released by James Taylor's brother Alex Taylor on his 1971 album With Friends and Neighbors and as the lead single from the album.
The entrance of the clarinet, playing the "Simple Gifts" theme, signals the beginning of a small set of variations on that melody.
"Silver Springs" is a song written by Stevie Nicks and performed by Fleetwood Mac.
The song's conception stems from an encounter Kesha had with an older man that had been hitting on her, which she compared to a prehistoric dinosaur.
And the fields are white as snow
The song was a modest hit on the country charts in 1969 for North Carolinian singer George Hamilton IV.
There he re-activated his Dana Choir under a new name and adopted a new pseudonym - Walter Dana.
The song makes the point right away with the lines:
Capital Radio is a song and an extended play by the English punk rock band The Clash.
Composer credit goes to Nanker Phelge, a title giving credit equally to all members of the band.
Ernie Isley not only played guitar but also played drum and wrote the lyrics to "Footsteps in the Dark".
The song appeared at the re-release of the Gyllene Tider compilation album Halmstads pärlor.
Jones previously worked for Hot 97 until 2008 and WUSL Power 99Fm until 2011.
The song lyrics tell the story of "Dagny", a waitress girl at "Café 7:an".
The band Wild Butter released a cover version in 1970: United Artists, UAS 6766.
The song was written for both voice and piano.
"Graffiti My Soul" is a song by British all-female pop group Girls Aloud, taken from their second studio album What Will the Neighbours Say?.
Most likely it was a demo, probably showing the musicians how it should go.
The lyrics to the song are all puns for musical terminology.
Lift my hands to reach the strings
The song was performed live by Morrissey on his 2002 tour.
"Sitting by the Riverside" is a song by the British rock band The Kinks, written by their main songwriter Ray Davies.
Music critics were generally positive towards the single.
"Shut Up" is a song written and performed by American R&B singer R. Kelly and included on his twelfth solo studio album Black Panties.
"Maggie May" is a traditional Liverpool folk song about a prostitute who robbed a "homeward bounder": a sailor coming home from a round trip.
Benteen published a different version with guitar accompaniment in 1852 under the title, "The Celebrated Ethiopian Song/Camptown Races".
Also, the Quebecer Dédé Fortin presented his cover of Hong Kong Blues with Les Colocs on their album Atrocetomique.
Despite not being released as a single, the song has since become "a cult favorite".
Written by Mark Hall and produced by Mark A. Miller and Steven Curtis Chapman, the song was included on the band's 2003 self-titled debut album.
The song was the first to use the "gated drum" sound created by Hugh Padgham and Phil Collins, with Collins performing the song's drum part.
"Phat Planet" is the second track from the 1999 album Rhythm and Stealth, the second studio album of English electronica duo Leftfield.
The R&B song talks about the media wanting a piece of the pop star, which drew comparisons to Britney Spears' "Piece of Me".
It was introduced by Joan Roberts in the original Broadway production.
"Animales" is a song written and performed by American singer Romeo Santos, featuring Trinidadian-born rapper Nicki Minaj, from his second studio album Formula, Vol.
Licensees for the franchise include Glidden, Stride Rite, Hasbro, and plastic Fisher-Price figurines.
It was released as a single, charting at #35 on the Billboard Club Play singles chart.
Walter M. Dunk designed the sheet music cover.
It is characterized by its unusual juxtaposition of instrumentation which unfolds as the song progresses, which include tack piano, bass harmonica, banjos, saxophones, flutes, and organ.
"Citizen Erased" is a song by English alternative rock band Muse from their second studio album Origin of Symmetry.
Quintanilla y Los Kumbia All Starz featuring Mexican-American singer Melissa Jiménez.
"Freddie Freeloader" has proven to be one of Davis' most enduring compositions.
The lyrics reference the catchphrase, Tell It to the Marines, and they address Kaiser Wilhelm directly.
It was also recorded by Curt Haagers on their 1985 album with the same name, and Göran Lindbergs orkester, on the 1993 album Den röda stugan.
The song was produced by Metro Boomin, DaHeala and Ben Billions with co-production by The Weeknd.
"42" is a song by British rock band Coldplay.
The song was notably covered by Cheap Trick in 1986, on their album The Doctor, and by ELO Part II in 1990.
They were sometimes credited under the pseudonym Elmo Glick.
The song lyrics deals with loving someone at a long distance, between two places where a car travel lasts several ours.
While "The Word" and "Om" are generally played together, "The Word" was released on the band's 1974 compilation This Is The Moody Blues without "Om".
She thinks back to happier days and wonders at all that has gone wrong in her life.
Sheer Heart Attack was the first Queen album to hit the U.S. top 20, peaking at number 12 in 1975.
It features improvisation on Jack Schroer's alto saxophone and a backing vocal trio.
The group stated that the piece was created to honor Bale.
Is the darlin' girl I left behind
"New Timer" is a song by Bruce Springsteen from his 1995 album The Ghost of Tom Joad.
The song was never released as a single, but is considered one of their best songs.
It and "Speed Demon" are the only two tracks from the album never to be released as singles.
It was recorded on September 26, 1917 and released under the Victor Record label.
My Krazy Life is the debut studio album by American rapper YG.
Ladysmith Black Mambazo sing in Zulu on the bridge, and also provide additional vocals before the drop.
"Ether" is a song by hip hop recording artist Nas, from his 2001 album Stillmatic.
The ballad has been cited as representative of elegiac verse tradition which later gained status as folklore throughout the United States.
Recorded at his studio in 1976, the song chronicles the growth and demise of Gaye's marriage to his first wife Anna.
A deep voice speaks out the first lyrics of the entire album.
"Steal Away" is a standard Gospel song, and is found in the hymnals of many Protestant denominations.
"I'm a Mess" is a song recorded by English singer-songwriter Ed Sheeran for his second studio album, x.
The album includes the song "We Are One", which is one of the few music videos he has ever made.
Aaron Copland wrote an arrangement for it as part of Old American Songs, a collection of arrangements of folk songs.
Its come-hither lyrics have intensity, psychodrama, self-confidence, and female empowerment as main themes, dealing with pleasing her lover and being the perfect complement for him.
It was performed for the first time on March 25, 1970, at the "Latin Song Festival II" by the Mexican singer José José.
Fillmore East - June 1971, released in 1971, contains a performance of "Duodenum" with added lyrics under the name "Bwana Dik."
The album was met with generally favorable reviews, with a Metacritic score of 74.
"You Ain't Got Nuthin" is a song by American rapper Lil Wayne, released as the first promotional single from his sixth studio album, Tha Carter III.
It was published in 1956 and appeared in the 1956 film of the same name.
On his website djallyn.org, DJ Ally posted the following about "Oh Very Young" on April 30, 2009:
Keenan's lyrics liken religion to rape and abuse by a person or group of people to another person or group of people.
The piece was later part of the Shakespeare Pageant performed at the Drury Lane Theatre.
Both were top-ten pop records, along with a version by Glen Gray.
In July, the video was nominated for seven MTV Video Music Awards nominations, making it the most nominated music video of the year.
"Something in the Way She Moves" is a song written by James Taylor that appeared on his 1968 debut album for Apple Records, James Taylor.
God bless you, my widow and children!
"Freakum Dress" is similar to songs that Destiny's Child used to record in the 1990s.
In December 1918, the song reached a peak position of number two on Top 100 US Songs of that year.
"The Root" is a song by American recording artist D'Angelo.
2 on the UK Singles Chart, becoming the fourth-consecutive single from x to hit the top 10 in Sheeran's native country.
"Sipping Cider Through a Straw" is a folk song of uncertain origin.
The song was written and produced by Perry and Canadian record producer Greg Wells.
For gameplay reasons, the song was also edited to have a proper ending, rather than just fading out as the song does on Outlandos d'Amour.
It has been recorded numerous times and started a decade long fad for "Indian" songs.
The song's title refers to the crimson banner, a traditional gesture of defiance during sieges, which flew throughout the Derry campaign.
The song was written during one of the band's first tours of England, and was originally more of a poem than a full-fledged song.
It was re-written by Koshiji Shirou and sung by Kirishima Noboru.
It charted January 22, 1966 and reached No.
Lyrically, the song is a young woman's plea to stay virtuous.
The song was used as a signature tune by Fred Waring.
In The Next Karate Kid, Miyagi teaches Julie to dance to a vocal version of the song.
It is the title track on Discipline, their return album after a seven-year hiatus.
Tommy is the fourth studio album by the English rock band The Who, a double album first released in May 1969.
Lennon said, in his interviews with Playboy and Hit Parader, that "Tell Me What You See" was written completely by McCartney.
Just as I Am is the third studio album by American country rock artist Brantley Gilbert.
It was released in 1961 by Chess Records as the B-side to Wolf's "Wang Dang Doodle".
Its highest international peak was at number seventeen on the United States chart, the Billboard Hot 100.
Credited to Lennon–McCartney, it was written by Paul McCartney, although John Lennon is the more prominent lead vocalist on the recording.
"The World Showcase March" was written in 1982 for the Grand Opening of Epcot Center in Florida.
It was written and sung by bassist Paul Simonon, who grew up in Brixton, south London.
According to Aguilera and Kelly, "Glam" was a throwback to Madonna's "Vogue".
Problems with the rights ownership make a reissue unlikely.
Leary was an advocate for the use of LSD, enjoying its spiritual benefits, with one of his catchphrases being "Turn on, tune in, drop out."
The lyrics deal with the singer's relationship with a prostitute.
In the United States, she became the first female artist to have four consecutive number-one albums.
In 2005, Rolling Stone ranked Are You Experienced fifteenth on its list of the 500 Greatest Albums of All Time.
It was their seventh UK Top 30 chart hit, peaking at number two in April 1985.
The song also appears on the horror series soundtrack Masters of Horror and also in one episode.
The song was translated from French into English and retitled "Jackie".
Whitfield's version reached the top spot in the UK Singles Chart first, followed swiftly by Laine's.
It was first performed in Ohrid shortly after Parlichev's wedding c. 1870.
"Rosy Won't You Please Come Home" is a song by the British rock band The Kinks.
Sabi performed the song with Spears in selected cities.
It was written by Paul McCartney and features him on lead vocal, guitar, and "vocal bass".
"Lost in the World" was featured during the closing credits of Runaway, a 35-minute short film directed by West set with music from the album.
The song is one of the best-selling singles of all time, with more than 50 million sold.
In performances, Calloway would have the audience participate by repeating each scat phrase in a form of call and response.
"Nací Para Sufrir" is a song by A.B.
"Al otro lado del río" is a song, written and performed by Uruguayan singer Jorge Drexler for the film The Motorcycle Diaries.
The song is particularly infamous in Peru for its association with Sendero Luminoso.
Woman Blues", although the lyrics are completely different.
Part of the chorus is as follows: 
The intro of Stray Cat and Heroin are similar.
"Love Vigilantes" is a song by the English band New Order.
The two lovers lament the complication of the circumstances of their love together before parting.
The collection was a success, peaking at #2 in the UK charts.
Jackson described the album as "a mixture in styles of modern jazz with singer-songwriter elements, and a lot of it is really soulful."
Greece 2000 is a 1998 single released by electronic music producers Three Drives.
Since Wand's father died in 1909, the actual composition must have predated that.
}} "Ma dope" is a song by French hip hop artist Nekfeufeaturing fellow French hip hop artist S.Pri Noir.
"This Place Is Empty" is a song from The Rolling Stones' 2005 album A Bigger Bang.
Produced by Flood, Brian Eno, and The Edge, it was released on 5 July 1993 on Island Records.
Since its composition, "Cold Irons Bound" has been a regular in Dylan's live setlists.
A mother lode is a rich vein of valuable metal in a mine.
When Cochran recorded his lead vocal for the song, he also created an alternate version of the song called "Let's Get Together".
It's almost like a saloon song you shouldn't pay any attention to, and the lyric means practically everything in the world.
In the MGM movie Meet Me in St. Louis, set in 1903, the orchestra at the Christmas dance plays an instrumental version.
The tune uses chess as a lyrical metaphor for navigating interpersonal relationships.
The ballad tells of a merchant who defends himself from a thief.
Jerusalem on high, my song that city is, My home whene’er I die, the center of my bliss; O happy place!
The single charted at number 10 on the Billboard Hot 100 and no.
Near the end of the song, the music stops into the sound of rain and wind.
The main part of the song is a fast paced riff, a repeating pattern of notes that uses polyrhythms of high complexity.
"Lobachevsky" is a humorous song by Tom Lehrer, referring to the mathematician Nikolai Lobachevsky.
The single peaked at number eight on the UK Singles Chart in the United Kingdom and is Winehouse's third best-selling single in that country.
Author Nicholas Pegg considered it an "unjustly overlooked" piece, remarking on Bowie's "outrageous extremes of bass and falsetto".
It has become a standard, having been recorded by many artists since.
The song was published by Waterson, Berlin & Snyder, Co. of New York, New York.
The local people serenade the bandit protagonists with it as they leave Angel's Mexican village.
It eventually became so firmly linked to him that he wearied of it and resorted to spoofing it in private.
The opening verse as published by the Jubilee Singers in 1872:
The song was renamed "(Life is a) Rat Race.".
Albela Sajan Aayo Re is a classical Hindi song popularized by Ustad Sultan Khan of Indore gharana in the early 1970s.
Unlike the theme songs for their other film projects, it was not released as a single.
A remix version with Queen was also recorded and included on the platinum edition of the album.
Greil Marcus, writing in Rolling Stone magazine at the time of its release, said of it, "The Stones have never done anything better."
Besides "Walking Blues", Johnson's 1936 rendition incorporates melodic and rhythmic elements from House's "My Black Mama" and slide guitar techniques Johnson learned from House.
At many points in the song, the opening bassline from Bowie's song "Changes" is re-used.
It was the follow-up single to the group's "Good Vibrations".
The song was written by bassist Jack Bruce and was the only song on Gears that Jack wrote without lyricist Pete Brown.
Redding's connection to the song is documented by music journalist Dave Marsh in his 1989 book The Heart of Rock and Soul.
"Over My Dead Body" is a song by Canadian rapper Drake from his second studio album, Take Care.
"Bang That" is a song by British electronic duo Disclosure.
Also, there was a rumor that Davis was gay.
"The Maid of Amsterdam", also known as "A-Roving," is a traditional sea shanty.
It was released in 1918 under the label Victor.
He wishes he was back agin [sic].
How'm I s'posed to get any ridin' done?
The song is well known by variations of the chorus:
Three Dog Night's 1970 cover of the song topped the US pop singles chart.
It received positive reviews from contemporary music critics.
Simpson also notably allowed the song's free distribution on iTunes for several months.
The song has been performed by musicians such as Utah Phillips, Pete Seeger, and was redone by Emcee Lynx and The Nightwatchman.
"Juanita" is a love song variously subtitled "A Spanish Ballad", "A Song of Spain", and others.
"Rolling in the Deep" was acclaimed by music critics and represented a commercial breakthrough for Adele, propelling her to international success.
The song O Priya Tumi Kothay has been listening more than 70 million times on YouTube channel.
The melody is reprised in the main title of the 1955 film version and in the overtures of both film and musical productions.
"The Gallant Forty Twa" is a traditional Scottish song associated with the 42nd Foot regiment known as the Black Watch.
Additionally, the lyrics are more provocative as the girl's age was changed to 13.
Jagger countered, saying, "The country songs, like 'Factory Girl' or 'Dear Doctor' on Beggars Banquet were really pastiche.
Often considered his "most enduring and well-known song," Van Zandt first recorded it for his 1972 album The Late Great Townes Van Zandt.
Country singer Hank Thompson, joined by His Brazos Valley Boys, recorded a well-known version of "Oklahoma Hills" in 1961.
Capitol Records then later released it as a single for the Beach Boys, and their version peaked at #65 on the U.S.
to Live" is a song performed by American rapper Mase featuring colleagues The Lox, Black Rob and DMX, taken from the former's debut album, Harlem World.
Billboard adult contemporary chart and won three Grammy Awards.
It was the first song recorded for the album.
"Gimme Shelter" is a song by the Rolling Stones.
Though never released as a single, it was featured on the WWF Forceable Entry compilation soundtrack and Creed's compilation album With Arms Wide Open: A Retrospective.
It was first played on radio station WOR, New York, by Al Trace and his Silly Symphonists.
It is sung by Elphaba, the main character of the show.
While her original lyrics claimed that George Washington signed the treaty, it was actually his agent, Timothy Pickering who signed.
In 1950 Max van Praag recorded the song together with the Accordiola Orchestra.
Bandiera Rossa, often also called Avanti Popolo after its opening words is one of the most famous songs of the Italian labour movement.
"This Town" is a song written by Lee Hazlewood and recorded by Frank Sinatra in 1967.
Living for 10 years inside a flat at Västerlånggatan in Gamla stan, he would sometimes be awakened by songs like El Cóndor Pasa.
In 2008 the song became available on the Kikki Danielsson compilation album Kikkis bästa.
"Mine" is a song by American recording artist Beyoncé featuring Canadian rapper Drake.
An early version is attributed to Johannes Ockeghem - this is sometimes called Fors seulement l'attente to distinguish it from his similarly titled Fors seulement contre.
Two problems arose with "All of Your Toys" appearing on the next Monkees single.
"Butterfly Fly Away" is an acoustic pop duet performed by American actors and recording artists Miley Cyrus and Billy Ray Cyrus.
The song text is, in an astronomical aspect, about the Sun and what it the Sun means for the life on Earth.
"Wind Up Workin' in a Gas Station" is the opening song on Frank Zappa's album Zoot Allures.
In the third part of the song, titled "Return of the Prince", a character from their previous album, Fly by Night, named By-Tor, returns.
The major hit at time of introduction was Al Hibbler, who reached the national top 15.
"Just Like Tom Thumb's Blues" is a song written and performed by Bob Dylan.
It has also been covered by Tommy Keene and Petra Haden.
The song topped both the US and UK charts simultaneously.
"Old Thing Back" is credited to "Matoma and The Notorious B.I.G.
"Love of My Life" is a ballad by the British rock band Queen from their 1975 album A Night at the Opera.
It was originally released on the album Venus and Mars.
The original piano version of "American Patrol" follows this scheme.
"You Raise Me Up" is a song originally composed by Irish-Norwegian duo Secret Garden.
Although not as publicized as their previous Pepsi single "Step to Me", it was marketed in the same manner.
The single "Move Ya Body" was released on April 27, 2004 and reached number 17 on the Billboard Hot 100 chart.
The old Flag never touch'd the ground.
Mann reluctantly agreed and eventually came up with the tune, to which Hilliard quickly wrote a lyric.
At the 2009 Brit Awards in London, Pet Shop Boys received an award for Outstanding Contribution to Music.
The Grateful Dead performed a cover of this song five times from 1994 to 1995.
The earliest recording is attributed to Fiddlin' John Carson, in 1923.
The song was originally sung by Lee Seung-chul in 1989, released on his self-titled album Lee Seung-chul: Part 2.
"Jeena Jeena" is a romantic Hindi song from the 2015 Bollywood film Badlapur.
The lyrics tell of the loss of a paramour.
