Cucumovirus is a genus of viruses, in the family Bromoviridae.
Clostridium novyi a Gram-positive, endospore- forming, obligate anaerobic bacteria of the class clostridia.
The shrimp-farming industry has developed several broodstocks of both P. stylirostris and P. vannamei that are resistant against IHHN infection.
Burkholderia plantarii is a Gram-negative soil bacterium.
There are currently 53 species in this family, divided among 8 genera.
Rotaliana are separate from the planktonic Globigerinana although both have tests of similar composition.
Mollivirus sibericum is a spherical DNA virus with a diameter of 500–600 nanometers.
Nostoc pruniforme are a species of cyanobacterium.
This refers to the appearance of the cells; they contain microscopic sulfur granules that scatter incident light, lending the cell a pearly lustre.
D. audaxviator is a Gram positive sulfate-reducing bacterium.
They were called the Nitrospinaceae before the addition of Desulfoarculus.
Recently, it was found that two distinct viruses are responsible for the disease: cassava brown streak virus and Ugandan cassava brown streak virus.
It is equipped with two flagelles thanks to which it moves according to a helical movement.
It causes renal coccidiosis in the Atlantic puffin.
Labrys okinawensis is a bacterium from the family of Xanthobacteraceae which has been isolated from root nodule from the plant Entada phaseoloides in Okinawa in Japan.
It is named for the site of its isolation.
Limnohabitans australis is an aerobic, nonmotile bacterium from the genus Limnohabitans and family Comamonadaceae, which was isolated from a freshwater pond in Monjolinho in Brazil.
However, this paradox can be resolved if much of the volume of the organisms was not metabolically active.
Several more genera have lost their chloroplasts and feed entirely by phagocytosis.
Commonly infected plants include potato tubers, bulbs of vegetables, and ornamental crops.
Immunity can possibly be acquired naturally against SBV.
Staphylococcus stepanovicii is a Gram-positive, coagulase-negative member of the bacterial genus Staphylococcus consisting of single, paired, and clustered cocci.
The members of the species are called Taï Forest ebolaviruses.
Bacillus stratosphericus is a microbe commonly found in high concentrations in the stratosphere.
Plants infected early in the season are stunted and yield is reduced drastically.
Streptomyces griseosporeus is a bacterium species from the genus of Streptomyces.
This virus contains an envelope that is made up of glycoproteins and nucleic acids.
Diseases associated with bornaviruses include Borna disease, a fatal neurologic disease of mammals restricted to central Europe; and proventricular dilatation disease in birds.
It can also live in symbiosis with plants and fungi and is found in soil, water, the rhizosphere, and in many animals.
The Potyviridae are a family of viruses that encompasses more than 30% of known plant viruses, many of which are of great agricultural significance.
Streptomyces achromogenes is a species of gram-positive bacterium that belongs in the genus Streptomyces.
This species is related to Plasmodium ovale and Plasmodium simiovale.
This may also occur through contact with an item recently contaminated with bodily fluids.
Walleye epidermal hyperplasia virus is a retrovirus classified under, Epsilonretroviruses, a recent genus addition to the family of Retroviridae.
Thioalkalimicrobium aerophilum is an obligately alkaliphilic and obligately chemolithoautotrophic sulfur-oxidizing bacteria, the type species of its genus.
Thogotoviruses are distinguished from most other orthomyxoviruses by being arboviruses – viruses that are transmitted by arthropods, in this case usually ticks.
Lloviu virus is the sole member of the species Lloviu cuevavirus, which is included genus Cuevavirus, family Filoviridae, order Mononegavirales.
It affects species of cucumber, tobacco, tomato, cowpea, among others.
The Spondweni virus was first isolated in Nigeria in 1952, and ever since, SPONV transmission and activity have been reported throughout Africa.
              
There is currently only one species in this genus: the type species Hibiscus green spot virus 2.
Humans and other mammals serve as natural hosts.
Nocardia asteroides is a species of Nocardia.
The pigment was the calcium salt of tetrahydroxy-p-benzoquinone Ca2C6O6, derived from the beans' myo-inositol.
In cities, it is spread primarily by Aedes aegypti, a type of mosquito found throughout the tropics and subtropics.
Colonies of Acidovorax soli are bright yellow colored.
Some of the enzymes produced by this group are used in bioremediation.
It can also cause 'Winter Dysentery' in adult cattle.
The virus infects only Carica papaya, Jacaratia heterophylla, J. spinosa, Vasconcellea cauliflora, V. monoica and V. quercifolia, all from the papaya family Caricaceae.
Borrelia valaisiana is a spirochaete bacterium; strain VS116 is the type strain.
Saddles in the suture are broad and rather simple.
Like all Plasmodium species P. mackerrasae has both vertebrate and insect hosts.
It can be associated with relapsing fever.
Type strain: strain CM 6388 = ATCC 35752 = CCUG 47445 = CIP 104535 = DSM 43804 = JCM 6388 = NCTC 946.
Thermanaeromonas is a genus of bacteria within the family Thermoanaerobacteraceae.
The virus was first isolated from a sample of symptomatic honeybees from Japan in the early 1980s and is currently distributed worldwide.
Pseudochorda is a genus of thalloid brown algae including two species.
Ancylobacter is a genus of aerobic bacteria from the family of Xanthobacteraceae.
Vibrio natriegens is a Gram-negative marine bacterium.
Neorickettsia risticii is a Gram-negative bacterium that causes Potomac horse fever.
Plasmodium heischi is a parasite of the genus Plasmodium subgenus Sauramoeba.
Buchnera is believed to have had a free-living, Gram-negative ancestor similar to a modern Enterobacteriaceae, such as Escherichia coli.
This bacterium synthesizes collagenase in periodontal disease.
                
The species was first described by Davis, and the name was validated by Bernardet and Grimont.
Later the infected leaves become twisted with ragged edges, and may eventually turn brown.
"Candidatus Scalindua brodae" is a bacterial member of the order Planctomycetes and therefore lacks peptidoglycan in its cell wall, has a compartmentalized cytoplasm.
There are currently two species in this genus, including the type species Burkholderia phage BcepMu.
Hamiltonella is a genus of Enterobacteria in the Gammaproteobacteria.
A number have been isolated from the New World but their association with their host viruses is still being studied.
It can be a human pathogen, but occurrences are very rare.
The virus was first identified in 1922 in the USA by Barrus and Chupp who reported a new virus that was killing potatoes.
A. avenae causes bacterial fruit blotch on cucurbit crops.
Phylloceras is an extinct genus of ammonoid cephalopods belonging to the family Phylloceratidae.
The axopodia are microtubule-supported projections from the amoeboid cell body, and are variously used for capturing food, sensation, movement, and attachment.
Mycoplasma genitalium is a small pathogenic bacterium that lives on the ciliated epithelial cells of the urinary and genital tracts in humans.
Apple stem pitting virus is a plant pathogenic virus of the family Betaflexiviridae.
They are anaerobic or microaerophilic, and are often found in hot springs or stagnant water.
These marine plants grow in fine sediment in shallow seas and the pathogen seems to have a worldwide distribution.
Organisms within Mycobacterium belong to either the rapid growing group or the slow growing group.
Eimeria meleagridis is a species of coccidia found worldwide, which causes mild disease in young turkeys aged 4–8 weeks.
Bosea lathyri is a Gram-negative, rod-shaped bacteria from the genus of Bosea.
Halomonas nitroreducens is a Gram-negative halophilic Proteobacteria, that is able to respire on nitrate and nitrite in anaerobiosis.
P. lemoignei is named after the French microbiologist Maurice Lemoigne.
It can withstand freezing and thawing cycles and can survive extreme conditions in places such as the Arctic and Antarctica.
The vertebrate hosts for this parasite are birds.
Petrobacter succinatimandens is a species of bacteria.
The complete genome of B. petrii has been sequenced.
Rarely, it may cause mycoplasma arthritis, mycoplasmal polyserositis or mycoplasma septicaemia in piglets without the involvement of other bacteria.
Nearly 60 different type III effector families encoded by hop genes have been identified in P. syringae.
Bacillus arseniciselenatis is a bacterium first isolated from Mono Lake, California.
The disease has significantly affected livestock in areas of Peru and has also been documented in northern Australia.
HIV is one of several viruses transmitted through sexual contact and by exposure to infected blood.
Three bacterial strains isolated from biofilms of the Berlin drinking water system were characterized with respect to their morphological and physiological properties and their taxonomic position.
Young adults can be re-infected every five to seven years, with symptoms looking like a sinus infection or a cold.
Vitreoscilla is a genus of Gram-negative aerobic bacterium.
Gammacoronaviruses are one of the four genera, alpha, beta, gamma, and delta in the subfamily Coronavirinae of the family Coronaviridae.
They also contain meso-diaminopimelic acid in their peptidoglycan layer.
It is economically important to the poultry industry worldwide due to increased susceptibility to other diseases and negative interference with effective vaccination.
Deltapapillomavirus is a genus of viruses, in the family Papillomaviridae.
Cohaesibacter gelatinilyticus is a gram-negative bacteria from the genus of Cohaesibacter which was isolated from surface of coastal seawater from the east coast of Korea.
These bacteria are aerotolerant and an extracellular bacterium, made up of non-motile and non-sporing cocci.
It is also a common laboratory virus used to study the properties of viruses in the family Rhabdoviridae, as well as to study viral evolution.
Samples of this species have been isolated from dust above the Atlantic Ocean.
Its use as a model originated with developmental biologist Lucy Shapiro.
It is Gram-negative, moderately halophilic, non-motile and coccus- or short rod-shaped, with type strain YKJ-16T.
Originally isolated from the skin of healthy horses, this species contains a cell wall similar to that of Staphylococcus xylosus.
Myxococci are Gram-negative, spore-forming, chemoorganotrophic, obligate aerobes.
It is Gram-negative, rod-shaped, non-spore-forming and yellow-pigmented, having been first isolated from wastewater, hence its name.
Nevertheless, the reported altitude range) makes this record suspect.
It is the etiologic agent for Hantavirus hemorrhagic fever with renal syndrome.
A number of its serovars are serious human pathogens.
Diseases associated with this genus include: PCV-1: non pathogenic PCV-2: postweaning multisystemic wasting syndrome.
It causes meningoencephalitis and respiratory disease in cattle and sheep.
It is also the Roman numeral for 2055.
Moestrup treated it as the class Dictyochophyceae, previously restricted to the silicoflagellates, while Cavalier-Smith defined a new class Actinochrysophyceae for them.
Most of the species originally ascribed to Blastobacter have been transferred to other genera, with only Blastobacter henricii remaining.
L. rhamnosus sometimes is used in yogurt and dairy products such as fermented and un-pasteurized milk and semi-hard cheese.
Streptomyces chryseus is a bacterium species from the genus of Streptomyces.
Thauera mechernichensis is a bacterium from the genus of Thauera which was isolated from a landfill leachate treatment plant.
Echinostelium minutum De Bary in Rostafinsky, 1874
The name of the family and genus is derived from the Latin word for bottle, ampulla, due to the virions having the shape of a bottle.
Wineberry latent virus is a plant pathogenic virus of the family Alphaflexiviridae.
There are currently 31 species in this subfamily, divided among 3 genera.
It infects the host cell by sticking to it using trimeric autotransporter adhesins.
This virus was found to be seed transmitted in this host.
Streptomyces jietaisiensis is an actinomycete, with tpe strain FXJ46T, first isolated from cypress forest soil in northern China.
Many of the Gammaretroviruses share a conserved RNA structural element called a core encapsidation signal.
The vertebrate hosts for this parasite are birds.
There are currently 36 species in this genus including the type species Enterobacteria phage M13.
Slackia is a genus of Actinobacteria, in the family Coriobacteriaceae.
As with all retroviruses, it reverse transcribes its RNA genome into cDNA before integration into the host DNA.
Evidence for abundant Chlorobium populations is provided by chemical fossils found in sediments deposited at the Cretaceous mass extinction.
ASFV is the only known virus with a double-stranded DNA genome transmitted by arthropods.
This virus plays a role in sudden collapse of honey bee colonies infested with the parasitic mite varroa destructor.
Very large schizonts can be seen as white or yellow dots and oocysts can be found occasionally in the ceca.
Replicating MLVs have a positive sense, single-stranded RNA genome that replicates through a DNA intermediate via the process of reverse transcription.
The genus Clostridium currently comprises 152 validly described species in nomenclature.
The virus is a lentivirus, like human immunodeficiency virus.
Phicd119likevirus is a genus of viruses in the family Myoviridae, not assigned to a subfamily.
The virus is often carried by grey squirrels from North America, which rarely die from the disease.
Human, vertebrates, and arthropods serve as natural hosts.
There are three viruses currently recognized in this genus.
This genus of bacteria is able to grow at temperatures between −10 and 42°C.
Chandipura virus is a member of the Rhabdoviridae family that is associated with an encephalitic illness in humans.
B. avium is mainly responsible for the animal disease bordetellosis in wild and domesticated birds.
It has been implicated in various types of clinical infection.,
It is one of four rodent-borne Hantaviruses found in the Republic of Korea.
The structure of the erbovirus virion is icosahedral, having a diameter of 27-30 nm.
The vertebrate hosts for this parasite are lizards.
Phikzlikevirus is a genus of viruses in the order Caudovirales, in the family Myoviridae.
As of 2013 it is the only known species of its genus.
These move into the blood where they infect red blood cells.
If necessary, it can be controlled by foliar sprays of fungicides.
This species looks like a bundle of green bacteria, attached to a central rod-like cell which can move around with a flagellum.
Pseudomonas pseudoalcaligenes is an aerobic, Gram-negative soil bacterium that was first isolated from swimming pool water.
Streptomyces mirabilis is a bacterium species from the genus of Streptomyces.
There is currently only one species in this genus: the type species Nupapillomavirus 1.
Based on 16S rRNA analysis, P. lundensis has been placed in the P. chlororaphis group.
The cyanobacteria provide nitrogen to their hosts.
Sporadic cases of febrile illness have occurred in humans who live in jungle areas in Brazil and Panama.
Densovirus-like viruses also infect and multiply in crabs and shrimp.
The Meekoceratidae is a family of ceratitid ammonites described in the Treatise,(Arkell et al.
It very often requires an incision to remove the abscess.
Etymology: boenickei, of Bönicke, in honour of the contribution of Rudolf Bönicke, a German mycobacteriologist, who first recognized the heterogeneity within the Mycobacterium fortuitum complex.
Cervidpoxvirus is a genus of viruses, in the family Poxviridae, in the subfamily Chordopoxvirinae.
Plasmodium aegyptensis is a parasite of the genus Plasmodium which is known to infect the Egyptian grass rat.
LDV has a remarkably narrow cell type specificity, meaning nothing homologous with LDV in mice has been found in another species.
Banana bract mosaic virus is a plant pathogenic virus of the family Potyviridae.
Prevotella species dominate with high fiber, plant-based diets.
These spiders have two very prominent spinnerets that are almost as long as their abdomen.
Pedobacter agri is a species of Gram-negative bacteria.
It is common worldwide, but in Europe it is rare.
Acetobacter pomorum is a bacterium first isolated from industrial vinegar fermentations.
The Rhizobiales are an order of Gram-negative Alphaproteobacteria.
It was reclassified as Actinobacillus actinomycetemcomitans by Topley & Wilson and as Haemophilus actinomycetemcomitans by Potts et al..
Diseases associated with this genus include: BNYVV: rhizomania.
There are currently nine species in this family, divided among 2 genera.
The Porphyromonadaceae family of bacteria is composed of two genera of environmental bacteria, Porphyromonas and Dysgonomonas.
Feline viral rhinotracheitis is an upper respiratory or pulmonary infection of cats caused by feline herpesvirus 1, of the family Herpesviridae.
Psychrobacter alimentarius is a Gram-negative, nonspore-forming, nonmotile bacterium of the genus Psychrobacter which was isolated from squid jeotgal, a traditional Korean fermented seafood, in South Korea
In general, Aquareoviruses have low or no pathogenicity for fish.
Inquilinus limosus is a bacterium first isolated from cystic fibrosis patients' lungs, and is rarely observed elsewhere, prompting extensive research into its biology.
There are currently four species in this genus including the type species Enterobacteria phage PRD1.
Originally isolated from the bovine rumen, Denitrobacterium are non-motile and non-spore forming.
Lactobacillus reuteri is a Gram-positive bacterium that naturally inhabits the gut of mammals and birds.
Streptomyces graminearus is a bacterium species from the genus of Streptomyces.
Streptomyces albulus is a bacterium species from the genus of Streptomyces.
It is transmitted mainly by ingestion of infected tissues or fluids, semen during breeding, and suckling infected animals.
Research has shown that B. bryophila demonstrates anti-fungal activity against phytopathogens and the growth of plant-associated properties.
C. proteolyticus was originally isolated from a thermophilic digester that was fermenting tannery wastes and cattle manure.
It takes 30 minutes for the aphid to become a carrier.
However, diagnosis in this plant can be made by symptoms and by the presence of plate-like inclusions.
Caliciviridae is a family of viruses, members of Class IV of the Baltimore scheme.
The organism was first isolated and described as Bacillus coagulans in 1915 by B.W.
Xanthobacter viscosus is a bacterium from the family of Xanthobacteraceae which has been isolated from activated sludge in Russia.
The virus is transmitted by the willow carrot aphid, Cavariella aegopodii.
Like all Plasmodium species P. voltaicum has both vertebrate and insect hosts.
To see a photo of this organism click here.
Streptomyces herbaricolor is a bacterium species from the genus of Streptomyces which has been isolated from soil.
Economically, A. tumefaciens is a serious pathogen of walnuts, grape vines, stone fruits, nut trees, sugar beets, horse radish, and rhubarb.
While not using photosynthesis for energy is not unique, "burning" ammonia with oxygen is.
It was first isolated from the Australian region of the Southern Ocean, just north of the polar front.
Anaplasma phagocytophilum is a Gram-negative, obligate bacterium of neutrophils.
Clostridium perfringens is commonly encountered in infections as a component of the normal flora.
usually mild respiratory, gastrointestinal and eye infections.
It is found in the sublittoral zone of the northern Atlantic Ocean.
The reaction catalysed by these bacteria is the first step in the oxidation of ammonia to nitrate.
It is currently being investigated as a topical microbicide for HIV prophylaxis.
Since the 17th century, several major outbreaks of the disease have occurred in the Americas, Africa, and Europe.
Eimeria couesii is an apicomplexan parasite of the genus Eimeria that infects the intestine of the rice rat Oryzomys couesi in Mexico.
Catabolism does not involve a complete citric acid cycle.
Bacillus halmapalus is a facultative anaerobe bacterium.
A virulent strain of bacteria is one that is "extremely infective" and causes medical, clinical symptoms.
Bacterial small RNAs have been identified as components of many regulatory networks.
Nepoviruses are transmitted between plants by nematodes, varroa mites and honeybees.
Pseudomonas peli is a Gram-negative, non-fluorescent, non-sporulating, motile, rod-shaped bacterium isolated from a commercially available nitrifying inoculum used in aquaculture.
Zetapapillomavirus is a genus of viruses, in the family Papillomaviridae.
                    6
Vibrio coralliilyticus is a Gram-negative, rod-shaped bacterium.
In most cases, symptoms include fever, chills, loss of appetite, nausea, muscle pains particularly in the back, and headaches.
Others are harmless parasites of mammals and humans or occur in water or soil.
Oryzavirus is a genus of viruses, in the family Reoviridae, in the subfamily Spinareovirinae.
Hyalodiscus is an extant genus of diatom known also from the fossil record.
Pseudomonas knackmussii is a Gram-negative, polarly flagellated, motile, short rod bacterium isolated from a sewage treatment plant in Göttingen, Germany.
The role and presence of O. formigenes in the human gut is an area of active research.
Cardiobacterium hominis is a Gram-negative bacillus bacterium commonly grouped with other bacteria into the HACEK group.
The specific epithet is from New Latin noun phenol -olis, phenol; Latin feminine gender suff.
It is a gram positive, alkaliphilic and alkalitolerant, aerobic endospore-forming bacteria.
As it has been known to cause 100% crop mortality, WSMV is a subject of ongoing scientific research.
Soil-borne wheat mosaic virus is a rod-shaped plant pathogen that can cause severe stunting and mosaic in susceptible wheat, barley and rye cultivars.
It is a Scotochromogen and is currently ungrouped.
It is commonly found in watering-troughs waters, and is mainly blue-green or brown-green.
Phyllobacterium bourgognense is a Gram-negative, oxidase positive, motile bacteria from the genus of Phyllobacterium which was isolated from rhizoplane of the plant Brassica napus.
The forest of almost 4,000 ha covers an extensive granite ridge that rises from 200 to 460 metres above sea level.
Such host specialization possibly also exists with respect to the various wild amaranthaceous hosts of P. farinosa.
It has the shortest reported generation time of any organism at 6.3 minutes in thioglycollate medium.
Avipoxvirus is a virus that is brick shaped and is usually 200 nanometres in diameter.
Plants, poaceae, cyperaceae, and gramineae serve as natural hosts.
ISBN 9555891575.  discusses recent research developments and clinical associations of this enigmatic disease.
Brucella ceti is a Gram-negative species of bacteria.
This family includes the species that infect fish and amphibians.
Streptomycin, the first antibiotic ever reported from a bacterium comes from strains of S. griseus.
Cornuspiracea comprise a superfamily of miliolid forams in which the test may be free or attached, planispiral or trochospiral, evolute or involute, spreading or discoidal.
It was isolated from the midgut of the malaria mosquito Anopheles arabiensis from Kenya.
The name Lloviu virus is derived from Cueva del Lloviu, the name of a Spanish cave in which it was first discovered.
The type strain was isolated from a root nodule of Glycine max growing in Hunan Province, China, designated strain USDA 205.
This is in contrast to the lytic and lysogenic cycles of other phages where the host is killed when virions are released.
The complete genome of Thauera aminoaromatica is sequenced.
In leeches, this bacterium is thought to function in the digestion of blood, provision of nutrients, or preventing other bacteria from growing.
FMV can cause a range of symptoms varying in severity, including leaf chlorosis, deformity, and mosaic or discoloration patterns, as well as premature fruit drop.
Bifidobacterium is a genus of gram-positive, nonmotile, often branched anaerobic bacteria.
One study found the Propionibacterium was the most prevalent human skin-associated genus of microorganisms.
The flanks have a wide lateral groove; the venter a more narrow median groove.
From these tumors the virus was isolated and determined to be its own species of virus.
Durvillaea chathamensis, unique to the Chatham Islands
Like all Plasmodium species P. tropiduri has both vertebrate and insect hosts.
Their name derives from their initial isolation from human adenoids in 1953.
Streptococcus Ratti is also a component of dental biofilms.
Naxibacter varians is a Gram negative, nonmotile rod-shaped, nonspore-forming, and oxidase positive bacterium from the Oxalobacteraceae family, which was isolated from clinical specimens and water samples.
Acinetobacter nosocomialis is a Gram-negative, oxidase-negative, strictly aerobic bacterium from the genus Acinetobacter isolated from human clinical specimens.
Because it was discovered near the Four Corners point in the United States, its original name was "Four Corners virus".
Like all Plasmodium species P. iguanae has both vertebrate and insect hosts.
The thalli are flattened against the substrate or erect and grow from a matted, rhizoidal holdfast.
Anaplasma marginale and Anaplasma centrale in cattle
The root cap is a section of tissue at the tip of a plant root.
After 7–10 days, yellow lesions appear on foliage.
It includes the species Isochrysis galbana, Isochrysis litoralis and Isochrysis maritima.
This virus has a close serological relationship with another well known Potexvirus called Papaya mosaic virus.
It is Gram-positive and rod-shaped, with type strain G2T.
Bacteria serve as the natural host, with transmission achieved through passive diffusion.
There are currently 51 species in this family, divided among 6 genera.
It is used as a food and nutritional supplement and has reputed pharmaceutical properties.
It is associated with septicemia, endocarditis, and respiratory illness, especially in immunocompromised patients, such as asplenic or AIDS patients.
This genus is named after the microbiologist Don J. Brenner.
Desulfobacterium catecholicum is a catechol-degrading lemon-shaped non-sporing sulfate-reducing bacterium.
It is considered the most serious and detrimental virus pathogen of these trees.
The species is a plant pathogen with a diverse host range, including many agriculturally and scientifically important plant species.
R. sphaeroides is also able to fix nitrogen.
It is non-motile, spore-forming, straight or slightly curved rod, with type strain CSK1T.
When it was first isolated from a French soil sample in 1957, it was identified as Streptomyces mediterranei.
Bovine immunodeficiency virus is a retrovirus belonging to the Lentivirus genus.
The modified virus was also found to efficiently kill human glioblastoma tumour cell lines.
H. ducreyi can be cultured on chocolate agar.
Streptomyces ferralitis is a Gram-positive, aerobic bacterium species from the genus of Streptomyces which has been isolated from ultramafic soil in New Caledonia.
Aquareovirus is a genus of viruses, in the family Reoviridae, in the subfamily Spinareovirinae.
The information contained in a retroviral gene is thus used to generate the corresponding protein via the sequence: RNA → DNA → RNA → polypeptide.
In 2013 Iran, Russia, Turkey, and Uzbekistan documented more than fifty cases.
The Coelosphaeriaceae are a family of cyanobacteria.
Humans are the natural hosts of the virus; no animal reservoirs are known to exist.
They also include certain pathogens, such as Francisella tularensis which causes tularemia.
The name of this genus comes from its type species: Satsuma dwarf virus.
Xanthobacter tagetidis has the ability to grow on substituted thiophenes.
Giardia lamblia, leishmania, trichomonas vaginalis, and fungi serve as natural hosts.
Pseudomonas fulva is a Gram-negative environmental bacterium, originally isolated from rice and commonly associated with rice plants, grains and paddy fields.
Goricanites is a ceratitid ammonoid cephalopod known only from the Lower Triassic Union Wash formation of California.
              
The vertebrate hosts for this parasite are lizards.
Pospiviroid is a genus of viroid which most commonly infects tubers.
Amniotes, especially mammals, serve as natural hosts.
Lactobacillus paraplantarum is a rod shaped species of lactic acid bacteria first isolated from beer and human faeces.
Due to similar structures found in their fossils, it is theorized that Yelovichnus may be related to Palaeopascichnus, as well as Aspidella and Neonereites.
It is a picornavirus, the prototypical member of the Aphthovirus genus.
Herbaspirillum chlorophenolicum is a 4-chlorophenol-degrading bacterium from the genus Herbaspirillum.
The shell is strongly embracing, tending to be oxyconic.
On rare occasions, it can cause rheumatic heart disease and ventricular septal defect aortic insufficiency.
Atopobium species are anaerobic bacteria, Gram-positive rod-shaped or elliptical found as single elements or in pairs or short chains.
These organisms are very persistent in the environment and can survive unusually harsh environmental conditions.
Epulopiscium fishelsoni, or "epulo" for short, is a species of Gram-positive bacteria that have a symbiotic relationship with surgeonfish.
The virus has been referred to as Porcine coronavirus HKU15, Swine deltacoronavirus and Porcine deltacoronavirus.
Streptomyces iconiensis is a halotolerant bacterium species from the genus of Streptomyces which has been isolated from soil from a salt lake in Konya in Turkey.
Mycoplasma lack cell walls, have highly variable surface proteins and a distinctive plasma membrane, and are the smallest self-replicating prokaryotes.
Apium virus Y is a plant pathogenic virus  in the genus Potyvirus and the virus family Potyviridae.
Chordariales is an order in the Phylum Phaeophyta or brown algae.
The plant pathogen is one of the world's most invasive species and is present in over 70 countries around the world.
Infected plants, especially the natural hosts, show symptoms such as chlorotic local lesions, mosaic, mottling, puckering or rugosity.
Seoul virus is a member of the Hantavirus family of rodent-borne viruses and can cause Hantavirus hemorrhagic fever with renal syndrome.
Mycobacterium conspicuum is a species of the phylum actinobacteria, belonging to the genus mycobacterium.
Pasteurella was first described around 1880 and thought to be associated with chicken cholera and hemorrhagic septicemia in animals.
Thioalkalimicrobium sibericum is an obligately alkaliphilic and obligately chemolithoautotrophic sulfur-oxidizing bacteria.
Zika virus is related to the dengue, yellow fever, Japanese encephalitis, and West Nile viruses.
Members belonging to the genus do not produce sheaths or prosthecae and are able to utilize poly-beta-hydroxybutyrate for growth.
It is indole, dulcitol, and malonate positive but palatinose and methyl-α-D-glucopyranoside negative.
It was in R. rubrum that, for the first time, post-translational regulation of nitrogenase was demonstrated.
Johnsongrass mosaic virus is a plant pathogenic virus of the family Potyviridae.
Other causes include heavy alcohol use, certain medications, toxins, other infections, autoimmune diseases, and non-alcoholic steatohepatitis.
Plasmodium bouillize is a parasite of the genus Plasmodium subgenus Vinckeia.
The Ralstoniaceae are a family of Gram-negative bacteria included in the order Burkholderiales.
Hemorrhagic fever syndromes are derived from infections such as Guanarito virus, Junin virus, Lassa virus, Lujo virus, Machupo virus, Sabia virus, or Whitewater Arroyo virus.
P. ovale has recently been shown by genetic methods to consist of two subspecies, P. ovale curtisi and P. ovale wallikeri.
Based on our observations we identified the species as Carpophyllum maschalocarpum.
Microbulbifer elongatus is a Gram-negative marine bacterium.
The Staphylococcaceae are a family of Gram-positive bacteria that includes the genus Staphylococcus, noted for encompassing several medically significant pathogens.
It can also regenerate a new head within minutes, if the original is cut off.
A few, like SIV, apparently cause no disease in their natural hosts.
Exposure to aerosolized organisms and poor gardening hygiene may be important predisposing factors to L. longbeachae infection.
For that reason, its name in Chinese means "hair vegetable."
It is also known by the names: Pongine herpesvirus 1, PoHV-1, Herpesvirus pan, and Panine herpesvirus 1.
Streptomyces cinnabarinus is a bacterium species from the genus of Streptomyces which has been isolated from soil from a hot climate area.
Clostridium cellobioparum is a species of anaerobic cellulose-degrading Gram-positive bacterium found in the bovine rumen belonging to the family Clostridiaceae.
Streptomyces abikoensis has been isolated from Abiko in Japan
Uniquely among the Neisseria they are able to produce β-D-galactosidase and ferment lactose.
Mycobacterium psychrotolerans is a rapidly growing mycobacterium first isolated from pond water near a uranium mine in Spain.
In general, they are marine and prefer anaerobic conditions.
Very little is known about this disease, but it is thought to have be transmitted by the excreta of rodents.
Aquamicrobium is a genus of gram-negative, aerobic bacteria.
The disease is caused by the yellow fever virus and is spread by the bite of an infected female mosquito.
Pseudomonas caricapapayae is a Gram-negative soil bacterium that is pathogenic to plants.
Human infections are common in endemic areas, with neutralizing antibodies present in 60 to 80% of the elderly population.
Most species of Ectothiorhodospiraceae are also purple sulfur bacteria but they store the globules outside their cells.
Enterobacteria, intracellular parasitic bacteria, and spiroplasma serve as natural hosts.
They produce calcified scales, known as coccoliths, which are deposited on the surface of the cell resulting in the formation of a coccosphere.
is a cosmopolitan insect pest attacking at least 30 food and fibre yielding crop plants.
The viral genome is a circular double stranded DNA molecule about 3000 base pairs long.
It is an intracellular, pleomorphic, acid-fast, pathogenic bacterium.
Circovirus is a genus of viruses, in the family Circoviridae.
Colonies of C. zonglianii are pale yellow in color.
Salmo trutta morpha fario is the riverine form of the brown trout Salmo trutta that spends its entire life cycle in running water.
There are currently only two species in this genus including the type species Xipapillomavirus 1.
They are rods, coccal rods, or cocci, sized at about 0.5-1.0 x 0.5-2.6 μm.
It is strictly oxidative and coccus-shaped; its type strain is ACAM 483T.
It is found in the north east Atlantic Ocean and the North Sea.
Weissella hellenica is a species of Gram-positive bacteria, placed within the family of Leuconostocaceae.
It grows in temperatures between 65 °C and 85 °C.
Diseases associated with this subfamily include: HHV-4: infectious mononucleosis.
The virus has a thermal inactivation point of 62°C, and longevity in vitro of 3–4 days.
In Europe this virus disease is found since 1965–1975.
It is found on exposed shores, especially in the northern parts of its range, and attaches itself with a strong holdfast.
Novyella is a subgenus of the genus Plasmodium - all of which are parasites.
Clostridium butyricum is a strictly anaerobic endospore-forming Gram-positive butyric acid producing bacillus subsisting by means of fermentation using an intracellularly accumulated amylopectin-like α-polyglucan as a substrate.
'Bacterium actinomycetem comitans' was first described by Klinger as coccobacillary bacteria isolated together with Actinomyces from actinomycotic lesions in humans.
It encompasses the single type species of the Torque Teno Tamarin Virus.
It has economic importance on Papaver somniferum grown as an oilseed crop, for example in central and eastern Europe.
Its cells are vibrioid-to spirilloid-shaped and motile by means of single polar flagella.
The species was first isolated from a salt water sample from Anmyeondo, Korea and was formally described in 2007.
It is named after the Hyrcanian woods where it is locally found.
The cells are rod-shaped and are motile by using one polar flagellum.
Mycoplasmataceae is a family of bacteria  in the order Mycoplasmatales.
Human CMV is the most studied of all cytomegaloviruses.
Downy mildew is a moderately important disease of sugar beet.
Like all Plasmodium species P. australis has both vertebrate and insect hosts.
Prosthecomicrobium is a genus of aerobic bacteria which was isolated from freshwater samples.
ToxR is a transmembrane DNA-binding protein first discovered in Vibrio cholerae, where it regulates a considerable number of genes involved in environmental adaptation and virulence.
Hardmanoceras is a Tarphycerid genus belonging to the Trochilidae from the upper Lower Ordovician to possibly the lower Middle Ordovician, found in Western Australia.
The only species in this genus is called Influenza B virus.
Hydrogenophaga palleronii is a bacterium from the Comamonadaceae family, which has the ability to degrade 4-aminobenzenesulfonate.
Ancylobacter oerskovii is a Gram-negative, pleomorphic, rod-shaped, non-spore-forming bacteria from the family of Xanthobacteraceae which has been isolated from soil from Mugla in Turkey.
Its shape and genome are similar to that of Bacteriophage T5.
There are currently twelve species in this genus, including the type species Enterobacteria phage T4.
Marinobacter lipolyticus is a moderate halophile with lipolytic activity.
The genomes from different strains varies from 5.5 Mb up to 6 Mb, roughly being 3.5 Mb of a chromosome and 2 Mb of a megaplasmid.
Some Bacillaceae are aerobic, while others are facultative or strict anaerobes.
A 16S rRNA gene analysis has confirmed B. ansorpii belongs to this genus.
Sclerotinia sclerotiorum hypovirulence associated DNA virus 1 is a single stranded DNA virus with a circular genome that infects the fungus Sclerotinia sclerotiorum.
A number of non-coding RNA elements have been characterised in the TCV genome; examples are hairpin 5 and the core promoter.
Sequence analysis, of the 16S rRNA gene reveals M. montefiorense is most closely related to Mycobacterium triplex, an opportunistic pathogen of humans.
each genome RNA is translated into polyprotein(s) yielding mature viral proteins through one or several virus-encoded proteinase(s)
Less than 1% of the cases are severe and result in neurological disease when the central nervous system is affected.
Burkholderia xenovorans is a species of Proteobacteria.
The Ptychitidae, to which Arctoptychites belongs, is a family of ceratitid ammonites with ammonitic sutures and variably subglobular to compressed, ribbed or smooth, generally evolute shells.
Chlorophyll g is inactivated by the presence of oxygen, making them obligate anaerobes.
Helicobacter acinonychis is a bacterium in the Helicobacteraceae family, Campylobacterales order.
Jamestown Canyon virus is an orthobunyavirus of the California serogroup transmitted during the summer by different mosquito species in the United States and Canada.
The type species is Colpodella pugnax Cienkowski 1865
There are currently three species in this genus including the type species Parsnip yellow fleck virus.
It has been isolated from feces and soil.
Aquaparamyxovirus is a genus of viruses in the family Paramyxoviridae, order Mononegavirales.
Spounalikevirus is a genus of viruses in the order Caudovirales, in the family Myoviridae, in the subfamily Spounavirinae.
Each filament of oscillatoria consists of trichome which is made up of rows of cells.
Pythium sulcatum also causes a less serious form of this disease.
Microviridae is a family of bacteriophages with a single-stranded DNA genome.
Proteus mirabilis is a Gram-negative, facultatively anaerobic, rod-shaped bacterium.
It was found in Andropadus latirostris in Ghana and Cameroon.
The long filament is the organ which helps eubacteria move.
Polymerase chain reaction techniques are being developed to help confirm lesions as being caused by MCV, and distinguish between strains.
Apium virus Y is a recently described member of the potyvirus family.
Gammabaculovirus is a genus of viruses, in the family Baculoviridae.
It has notable bioethanol-producing capabilities, which surpass yeast in some aspects.
Podoviridae is a family of viruses in the order Caudovirales.
Fervidobacterium islandicum is a species of extremely thermophilic anaerobic bacteria, first isolated from an Icelandic hot spring.
This species is unusual in that the same specific name was used in two distinct papers published in the same year.
Marafivirus is a genus of viruses in the order Tymovirales, in the family Tymoviridae.
Parapoxviruses infect vertebrates, including a wide selection of mammals, and humans.
A negative-sense single-stranded RNA virusssRNA virus) is a virus that uses negative sense, single-stranded RNA as its genetic material.
The M56 and WC serovars were isolated during outbreaks in mammals.
The complete genome of A. cobae has been sequenced.
They have no cell wall and therefore do not Gram stain.
Morania and Beltina carbonaceous film fossils in the Twitya formation are not considered to be animals.
The order contains two families: Chnoosporaceae and Scytosiphonaceae.
It is known from the Solomon Islands.
The virus is suspected to be enzootic in populations of various native Australian mammals, and has been found on occasion in horses.
Some of the subtypes are known to be more virulent or are resistant to different medications.
The specific epithet is from the Latin and means "rooting", referring to the fact that this species primarily reproduces by the taking root of detached fragments.
Bacteria serve as natural hosts, with transmission achieved through passive diffusion..
The Acetobacteraceae comprise the acetic acid bacteria, which are heterotrophic and produce acetic acid during their respiration.
Ancylobacter dichloromethanicus is an aerobic, Gram-negative bacteria from the family of Xanthobacteraceae which has been isolated from dichloromethane contaminated soil in Volgograd in Russia.
Mobilida is a group of parasitic or symbiotic peritrich ciliates, comprising more than 280 species.
Plasmodium vastator is a parasite of the genus Plasmodium subgenus Asiamoeba.
In the following article, genes will be written in italics and their associated proteins in Roman.
HaRNAV was isolated from water collected in the Strait of Georgia in British Columbia, Canada, from a concentrated virus assemblage using the host Heterosigma akashiwo.
H. alvei is a commensal of the human gastrointestinal tract and not normally pathogenic, but may cause disease in immunocompromised patients.
B. longum is non-pathogenic and is often added to food products.
Bifidobacterium animalis is a gram-positive, anaerobic, rod-shaped bacterium which can be found in the large intestines of most mammals, including humans.
Transmission is via the respiratory tract and the disease is widespread over most continents.
Studies on the species Aphanizomenon flos-aquae have shown that it can regulate buoyancy through light-induced changes in turgor pressure.
Palaeopascichnus is a genus of Ediacaran organism comprising a series of lobes; it is plausibly a protozoan, but probably unrelated to the classical 'Ediacaran biota'.
A Giant Virus, sometimes referred to as a girus, refers to a very large virus.
Approximately 80% of Merkel cell carcinoma tumors have been found to be infected with MCV.
Plasmodium alaudae is a parasite of the genus Plasmodium.
It was discovered in 1970 at Tuskegee National Forest, Macon County, Alabama.
Various strains of this species have been isolated from the hindguts of honey bees.
All of the hamsters tested positive for CHOV, but none exhibited any symptoms.
Like other Rothia infections reported in the literature, once the cause of infection was identified, this responded fully to treatment with antibiotics.
Karenia bicuneiformis, also known as Karenia bidigitata is a microbial species from the genus Karenia, which are dinoflagellates.
Biogroup one was indole negative and represented a new species, P. penneri, while biogroups two and three remained together as P. vulgaris.
With species ranging from common soil organisms to opportunistic human pathogens, the molecular taxonomy of the genus is still somewhat unclear.
Plasmodium lagopi is a parasite of the genus Plasmodium.
It was first isolated from water of the River Elbe.
Streptomyces mobaraensis is used in the food industry to produce transglutaminase to texture meat and fish products.
Algicola sagamiensis is a marine bacterium isolated from sea water in Sagami Bay.
As of 2016, the International Committee on Taxonomy of Viruses recognize four species in this family, divided among 2 genera.
The virus has four strains that are found in varying parts of the world.
The vertebrate hosts for this parasite are primates.
To date no substantial evidence has been found to support sexual reproduction in a laboratory or other setting.
Orbiviruses can infect and replicate within a wide range of arthropod and vertebrate hosts.
Like all Plasmodium species P. jiangi has both vertebrate and insect hosts.
These three viruses still require mosquito vectors, but are well-enough adapted to humans as to not necessarily depend upon animal hosts.
Plasmodium gundersi is a parasite of the genus Plasmodium subgenus Giovannolaia.
It has been implicated as the agent of Koala Immune Deficiency Syndrome, an AIDS-like immunodeficiency that leaves infected koalas more susceptible to infectious disease and cancers.
Pedomicrobium is a ubiquitous bacterium dominant in biofilms of man-made aquatic environments such as water distribution systems and bioreactors.
Alphasphaerolipovirus is a proposed genus of double stranded DNA viruses that infect haloarchaea.
The species contains phlorotannins of the classes of phlorethols and fucophlorethols.
Bartonella bacilliformis is a proteobacterium, Gram negative aerobic, pleomorphic, flagellated, motile, coccobacillary, 2–3 μm long, 0.2–0.5 μm wide, and a facultative intracellular bacterium.
Lactate dehydrogenase elevating virus, or LDV for short, belongs to part of the arteriviridae family and the nidovirales order.
Lycogala is a genus of Amoebozoa, including the species Lycogala epidendrum.
There is currently only one species in this genus: the type species Pasivirus A.
Plasmodium lucens is a parasite of the genus Plasmodium subgenus Novyella
Asiatic species of Chamaecyparis are generally described as resistant to P. lateralis, although this pathogen is occasionally isolated from Chamaecyparis obtusa Endl.
Since 2008, R. equi has been known to infect wild boar and domestic pigs.
Arcanobacterium hippocoleae is a species of bacteria.
It is a facultative anaerobic Gram positive coccus usually preferring capnophilic or microaerophilic environments.
Lactobacillus buchneri is a gram-positive, non-spore forming, anaerobic, rod prokaryote.
A bunch of small, curved new leaves form in the plant's crown creating a head somewhat resembling a lettuce.
Oscillatoria forms long filaments of cells which can break into fragments called hormogonia.
Understanding how these viruses replicate and targeting key points in their life cycle can help advance antiviral treatments worldwide.
Certain populations are more affected than others, including 75% of African American, Jewish, Mexican and Native American, and 90% of Asian populations.
Its entry in the ICTV database indicates this virus is a Sadwavirus but current literature indicates that it may be a Cheravirus.
HK97 is a bacterial virus, bacteriophage, known to infect Escherichia coli and related bacteria.
The performance and growth of P. freudenreichii is highly dependent on the presence of Lactobacillus helveticus, which provides essential amino acids.
Alaria marginata, the winged kelp, is a brown alga species in the genus Alaria.
Spiraloconulus is known from the middle Jurassic of France, Italy, Sardinia, and Arabia.
As their general name suggests their pigmentation is brown.
Leafroll viruses are associated with rugose wood condition of grapevine.
The vertebrate hosts for this parasite are mammals.
Structurally, the virus is constructed from 7 different structural proteins.
Streptomyces reticuliscabiei is a streptomycete bacterium species that is associated with netted scab in potatoes.
Vertebrates, invertebrates, and plants serve as natural hosts.
Tectivirus is a genus of viruses, and is currently the only genus in the family Tectiviridae.
It comes in three types, labelled A, B, and a non-pathogenic type C distinguished by the range of toxins they produce.
The main end product of the metabolic process is lactate, although ethanol, acetate, formate, CO2, and succinate may also be produced.
Human coronavirus OC43 is an enveloped, positive-stranded RNA virus in the species Betacoronavirus-1.
The species is included in the genus Cuevavirus.
The vertebrate hosts for this parasite are birds.
Pseudomonas amyloderamosa is a Gram-negative soil bacterium that produces isoamylase.
Moths and butterflies serve as natural hosts.
It is found in soil, plant roots, and marine sediments.
Trichia decipiens is a worldwide widespread slime mould species from the order Trichiida.
Based on 16S rRNA analysis, P. resinovorans has been placed in the P. aeruginosa group.
It has primarily been isolated from soil and water samples, but rarely from humans.
A-MuLV causes a rapidly progressive lymphosarcoma known as Abelson disease in mice, which is a type of leukemia that does not involve the thymus.
rRNA comparison led to the reclassification of this species from genus Vibrio to the newly created Aliivibrio in 2007.
All species in this genus are Gram-positive obligate aerobes that are rods during exponential growth and cocci in their stationary phase.
It has sand-filled tubes, although these may not have been sand-filled in life.
It is Gram-negative and its type strain is 105.
It the floral emblem of Hyōgo Prefecture.
Amycolatopsis rifamycinica has been renamed several times.
Pandoraea apista is a Gram-negative, catalase-positive, aerobic, nonspore-forming, motile bacterium with a single polar flagellum, of the genus Pandoraea.
Streptomyces azureus is a bacterium species from the genus of Streptomyces which has isolated from soil.
SHMV is an intracellular parasite that infects plants.
Beet leaf curl virus is a plant pathogenic virus of the family Rhabdoviridae.
Plasmodium coulangesi is a parasite of the genus Plasmodium subgenus Vinckeia.
The female egg matures in the oogonium until the male sperm fertilizes it.
New phages are assembled within the cell - up to 200 - until the cellular membrane lyses.
This can result in microcephaly, severe brain malformations, and other birth defects.
Oropouche fever is a tropical viral infection, a zoonosis similar to dengue fever, transmitted by biting midge and mosquitoes from the blood of sloths to humans.
It causes the infection of the host cell by sticking to the host cell using trimeric autotransporter adhesins.
This was confirmed by the genome sequence of the LMG 24284T strain isolated from cocoa that was also determined in 2014.
The feature of gliding motility alone has piqued the interest of many, since the role of gliding bacteria in soil ecology is poorly understood.
Thermicanus, is a genus of bacteria from the family of Paenibacillaceae.
Isolated colonies on a TSA plate are circular, 1.0–1.5 mm in size, slightly convex, smooth, and pink in color.
Comamonas species are aerobic organisms and motile using bipolar or polar tufts of one to five ﬂagella.
Diseases associated with this genus include: GAV: reddening, biofouling with exoparasites, emaciation, massive mortality; YHV: yellow head, arrest of feeding.
Burkholderia telluris is a bacterium from the genus of Burkholderia and the family Burkholderiaceae.
It appears as a mucoid lactose fermenter on MacConkey agar.
They secrete a sheath of mucus which they use as a tunnel to travel between the sulfide containing sediment and the nitrate containing sea water.
See Brucella, the type genus, and brucellosis, a disease caused by Brucella.
Mycoplana dimorpha is a gram-negative bacteria from the genus of Mycoplana.
Its name is derived from the Latin adjective "capsulatus", itself derived Latin noun "capsula", and the associated Latin suffix for masculine nouns, "-atus".
Prior to 2003, the species was referred to as Mycobacterium tuberculosis subsp.
However, with the discovery of S. ruber, this belief was weakened.
The class Bacteroidia is composed of a single order of environmental bacteria.
This can often be confused as a deficiency in carrots.
T. brucei is one of only a few pathogens known to cross the blood brain barrier.
Mares can transmit the disease to their foals via the placenta.
From 2007 to 2016, the virus spread eastward, across the Pacific Ocean to the Americas, leading to the 2015–16 Zika virus epidemic.
The Desulfobulbaceae are a family of Proteobacteria.
The type species of the new genus is Aquabacterium commune.
Clostridium kluyveri is an anaerobic, motile, gram-positive bacterium.
This genus has been found to be part of the salivary microbiome.
The outermost surface of the virus is almost entirely covered by heterodimers of glycoproteins E1 and E2, arranged in interconnective trimers, which form an outer shell.
Wakame, Undaria pinnatifida, is a sea vegetable, or edible seaweed.
Pseudoalteromonas luteoviolacea is a marine bacterium which was isolated from seawater near Nice.
Based on differences in IS1245 RFLP, 16S-23S rDNA ITS and growth temperature, Mijs et al.
It was described in 1967 by Pelaez.
The T2 phage can quickly turn an E. coli cell into a T2-producing factory that releases phages when the cell ruptures.
Lessonia nigrescens, the grey weed or giant grey weed, is a South American kelp species in the genus Lessonia.
Gloeokinium viscum is a dinoflagellate symbiont of Millepora dichotoma.
It has been proposed to reclassify M. bollettii as Mycobacterium abscessus subsp.
It is a motile and spored species found in soil.
Tobamovirus are viruses that contain positive sense RNA genomes that infect plants.
Scientists are currently exploring its ability to degrade feathers for agricultural purposes.
Legionella adelaidensis is a Gram-negative, nonspore-forming, aerobic bacterium from the genus Legionella which was isolated from cooling tower water in Adelaide in South Australia.
Strains of this species were isolated from desert tortoises.
A. luteus is a species of facultatively anaerobic, pleomorphic, branching, non-motile, non-sporulating, non-acid-fast, and catalase-positive rods.
                W
It can also be mechanically and seed transmitted.
^ Mohammad Abdul Bakir, Takuji Kudo and Yoshimi Benno.. "Microbacterium hatanonis sp.
The members of this family are the part of the normal flora of human and animal digestive tracts.
Allogromia is a genus of Rhizaria, including the following species:
It was isolated from the liver, duodenum, and caecum of broiler and layer chickens, and from humans with gastroenteritis.
Xanthobacter autotrophicus is a Gram-positive, aerobic, pleomorphic and nitrogen-fixing bacteria from the family of Xanthobacteraceae which has been isolated from black pool sludge in Germany.
Selenomonas has a characteristic crescent shape, with flagella inserted on the concave side, while Sporomusa is similar, but nonmotile.
Plasmodium ovale curtisi is a subspecies of parasitic protozoa that causes tertian malaria in humans.
Delftia is a genus of comamonad bacteria.
                I
Bovine coronavirus is as a member of the Coronaviridae family which are enveloped, single-stranded, positive-sense RNA viruses with a club-shaped surface.
Plasmopara lactucae-radicis is a plant pathogen infecting lettuce.
Xipapillomavirus is a genus of viruses, in the family Papillomaviridae.
Acidovorax cattleyae is a bacterium from the Comamonadaceae family which causes brown spots on orchids.
Azoarcus olearius is a species of bacteria.
Sinclairoceras, Simardoceras, and Reedsoceras are found in beds of Black River age and seem to be closely related, and may even form a phylogenetic series.
The virus is very resistant to chemical and physical challenges.
Bovine mammillitis is characterized by lesions restricted to the teats and udder.
The species is not listed among the protected plants of China.
Candidatus Burkholderia verschuerenii is a bacterium from the genus of Burkholderia and the family Burkholderiaceae.
Burkholderia denitrificans has the ability to reduced nitrate to nitrogen gas.
The species was later reassigned to the genus Sporosarcina along with the species Bacillus psychrophilus and Bacillus pasteurii.
It is a halophilic, anaerobic, chitinolytic bacterium.
lwoffii, is a non-fermentative Gram-negative bacillus bacterium that is a member of the genus Acinetobacter.
It is a gram positive, alkaliphilic and alkalitolerant, aerobic endospore-forming bacteria.
Willkommlangea reticulata is a slime mold species from the order Physarida and the only species of the genus Willkommlangea.
Thermoanaerobacterales Family III is a family of Gram positive bacteria in the class Clostridia.
CAV-1 also causes disease in wolves, coyotes, and bears, and encephalitis in foxes.
Hijiki has been sold in United Kingdom natural products stores for 30 years and hijiki's culinary uses have been adopted in North America.
Hyalophysa chattoni is an apostome ciliate of the order Apostomatida.
In the United States and other developed countries, many people are not infected with EBV in their childhood years.
Sublethal exposure to SeV can promote long-lasting immunity to further lethal doses of SeV.
Scytosiphon lomentaria is a littoral brown seaweed with an irregularly lobed many filamentous form.
There are currently only two species in this genus including the type species Gallid herpesvirus 1.
Diagnostic surveys have indicated that PPV is the major infectious cause of embryonic and fetal death.
Mycobacterium abscessus complex is a group of rapidly growing, multidrug-resistant non-tuberculous mycobacteria species that are common soil and water contaminants.
C. caviae infects primarily the mucosal epithelium and is not invasive.
Oat necrotic mottle virus is a plant pathogenic virus of the family Potyviridae.
Streptomyces aurantiogriseus is a bacterium species from the genus of Streptomyces which has isolated from soil in Russia.
Plasmodium bambusicolai is a species of the genus Plasmodium subgenus Novyella.
E. ictaluri can be found in Asia and the United States, being of particular economic importance in the U.S.
Aphanizomenon flos-aquae is a brackish and freshwater species of cyanobacteria found around the world, including the Baltic Sea and the Great Lakes.
Rhizochromulina is an unusual genus of marine heterokont algae, with one species, R. marina.
Two subfamilies are included, the Hemigordiopsinae and Shanitinae.
This bacterium is an obligate anaerobic chemolithotroph that undergoes anaerobic ammonium oxidation.
Hymenobacter glaciei is a species of bacteria first isolated from Victoria Upper Glacier, Antarctica on basal ice.
Aphanomyces cochlioides is a plant pathogen that can affect commodity crops like spinach, Swiss chard, beets and related species.
Within this subfamily, viruses have spherical virions with club-shaped surface projections and a core shell.
Blochmannia is important in synthesizing essential and non essential amino acids, including tyrosine, and it helps the ant to process nitrogen.
Its shell contains grains of sediment, which are obtained selectively by a manner also observed in foramanifera.
Burkholderia singaporensis is a bacterium from the genus of Burkholderia and the family of Burkholderiaceae.
In the natural host, the virus exhibits pathogenesis similar to that of herpes simplex virus in humans.
Oscillatoria uses photosynthesis to survive and reproduce.
Because of this they have been classified into a family of their own.
Most C. freundii cells generally have several flagella used for locomotion, but some do not and are non-motile.
Although it is not normally considered an aggressive human pathogen, it has been isolated in some disease processes.
This site has a history of contamination from petrochemical industry.
β-lactamase production has also been identified in some isolates.
Maize line virus is a pathogenic plant virus.
Viruses in this species are distinguished by the presence of a turreted protein on the inner capsid.
Though genetically it is considered to be closest to the Rhodothermus genus, it is most comparable to the family Halobacteriaceae, because of similarity in protein structure.
It was discovered in 2013 in blood of horses and causes chronic infections.
Caulobacteraceae includes the genera Asticcacaulis, Brevundimonas, Phenylobacterium and Caulobacter.
Micrococcus is a genus of bacteria in the Micrococcaceae family.
Four orders are included, the Astrorhizida, Dendrofryida, Hippocrepinida, and Saccamminida.
However, the most characteristic symptom is the formation of enations on the abaxial, i.e.
Sunn-hemp mosaic virus is a pathogenic plant virus.
Acinetobacter gerneri is a Gram-negative, strictly aerobic bacterium from the genus Acinetobacter which was isolated from activated sludge.
A Phase I clinical trial of Senecavirus in adults with neuroendocrine tumors showed that senecavirus is apparently safe to administer at doses up to 1E11 vp/kg.
The genome is single-stranded, negative-sense segmented RNA, generally with six segments.
The species has been known previously as Flexibacter columnaris, Bacillus columnaris, and Cytophaga columnaris.
A DNA sequencing project was undertaken in 1999, which mapped the complete genome of Anabaena, which is 7.2 million base pairs long.
Phi29likevirus is a genus of viruses in the order Caudovirales, in the family Podoviridae, in the subfamily Picovirinae.
The majority of R. picketti and R. insidiosa isolates showed susceptibility to most of the antibiotics tested.
Viruses belonging to the Caulimoviridae family are termed DNA reverse-transcribing viruses i.e.
Other pathogenic members belonging to the Pasteurellaceae family include Aggregatibacter, Mannheimia, Pasteurella, and Actinobacillus species.
Edwardsiella ictaluri is a member of the Enterobacteriaceae family.
Burkholderia ubonensis is a species of bacteria in the phylum Proteobacteria.
The Hapalosiphonaceae are a family of cyanobacteria.
It is a Gram-positive, motile, facultatively anaerobic, non-spore-forming bacillus.
It is also used used in the commercial production of xanthan gum, a high-molecular-weight polysaccharide which has many important uses, especially in the food industry.
Sindbis virus is an "arbovirus" and is maintained in nature by transmission between vertebrate hosts and invertebrate vectors.
A selective medium for G. vaginalis is colistin-oxolinic acid blood agar.
Phlebovirus is one of five genera of the family Bunyaviridae.
Peptostreptococcus anaerobius is a species of bacteria belonging to the Peptostreptococcus genus of anaerobic, Gram-positive, non-spore forming bacteria.
It is of significant ecologic importance due to its effect on both farmed and wild salmonids.
Pseudomonas cichorii is a Gram-negative soil bacterium that is pathogenic to plants.
The shell is breviconic, short and laterally compressed; the venter more narrowly rounded than the dorsum, having the effect of a modest keel in horizontal orientation.
Clostridium sticklandii is an anaerobic, motile, gram-positive bacterium.
The aphid is wide spread across the United States and its primary host are willow species.
The Middle East respiratory syndrome-related coronavirus, or EMC/2012, is a novel positive-sense, single-stranded RNA virus of the genus Betacoronavirus.
After sterilizing, the cap is closed, an ampule of growth medium inside of the vial is crushed and the whole vial is incubated.
It is aerobic and Gram-positive, with type strain Kb2T.
It is usually not slippery to walk on, dry or wet.
Fijivirus is a genus of viruses, in the family Reoviridae, in the subfamily Spinareovirinae.
The Nautiliaceae are a family of bacteria placed in an order to itself, Nautiliales, or in the order Campylobacterales.
It is non-motile and does not form spores.
Together with other Bartonella species, it can cause disease in animals.
The rabies virus has a cylindrical morphology and is the type species of the Lyssavirus genus of the Rhabdoviridae family.
Sphingomonas echinoides is a Gram-negative soil bacterium.
It can cause significant losses during sugar beet production and storage.
Comovirinae is a subfamily of viruses in the order Picornavirales, in the family Secoviridae; its genera were formerly classified in the family Comoviridae.
Currently, 16 viruses are assigned to eight species included in one genus in this family.
It was named by Martin Glaessner and Mary Wade in 1966.
It is Gram-negative, motile, yellow-pigmented and slightly halophilic.
Streptococcus dysgalactiae is a gram positive, beta-haemolytic, coccal bacterium belonging to the family Streptococcaceae.
Tubercles may disappear on outer whorls leaving fine sharp ribs.
Streptomyces candidus is a bacterium species from the genus of Streptomyces which has been isolated from soil in Russia.
These infections include aspiration pneumonia, lung abscess, pulmonary empyema, and chronic otitis media and sinusitis.
Chandipura virus has been isolated from sandflies in India and West Africa  and is probably spread through its bite.
Diseases associated with this genus include: yellowing and necrosis, particularly affecting the phloem.
Afipia clevelandensis is a species of the Afipia bacterial genus.
L. gasseri produces gassericin A, a bacteriocin.
Chromobacterium is a genus of Gram-negative rod-shaped bacteria.
This new bacterium was given its name after the Swedish researcher Walborg Thorsell who worked with mosquitoes and insecticides against mosquitoes for many years.
The disease, which is believed to have originated in Southeast Asia, is extremely persistent when it becomes established in an area.
It has had a convoluted taxonomic history.
The cells are enclosed within a cross-striated sheath.
Streptomyces crystallinus is a bacterium species from the genus of Streptomyces.
It is named after the type species, Tobacco necrosis virus A.
Thermodesulfobacterium hydrogeniphilum is a species of Sulfate-reducing bacteria.
Several scientific articles have recently reported findings indicating that the Ljungan virus is associated with malformations, intrauterine fetal death, and sudden infant death in humans.
In 1962, Walter Fiers and Robert Sinsheimer had already demonstrated the physical, covalently closed circularity of ΦX174 DNA.
It is known to cause serious skin infections, which are "relatively resistant to antibiotic therapy".
Flu due to the type C species is rare compared to types A or B, but can be severe and can cause local epidemics.
[1] C. koseri may act as an opportunistic pathogen in a variety of human infections.
Pseudomonas rathonis is a Gram-negative bacterium originally isolated from the rhizosphere of agriculturally important crops.
General lethargy, weakness, muscle aches, headaches, and low-grade fevers may occur.
A limited survey of swamp-dwelling rodents in Florida found one cotton mouse and one cotton rat with antibodies to HJ, both asymptomatic.
Avian adenoviruses have a worldwide distribution and it is common to find multiple species on a single farm.
Streptomyces flavovariabilis is a bacterium species from the genus of Streptomyces which has been isolated from soil in Tayga in Sibiria in Russia.
Suttonella indologenes, formerly Kingella indologenes, is a Gram-negative rod-shaped bacterium of the family Cardiobacteriaceae.
The vertebrate hosts for this parasite are birds.
WEE is a recombinant virus between two other alphaviruses, an ancestral Sindbis virus-like virus, and an ancestral Eastern equine encephalitis virus-like virus.
Staphylococcus sciuri is a Gram-positive, oxidase-positive, coagulase-negative member of the bacterial genus Staphylococcus consisting of clustered cocci.
Heliozoa, commonly known as sun-animalcules, are microbial eukaryotes with stiff arms radiating from their spherical bodies, which are responsible for their common name.
Comamonas kerstersii is a Gram-negative, oxidase- and catalase-positive, motile bacterium with multitrichous polar flagella from the genus Comamonas and family Comamonadaceae.
Phyllobacterium trifolii is a root-nodulating bacteria that was first isolated from nodules in Trifolium and Lupinus species.
If the infection spreads to the whole plant, vein yellowing, necrosis and yellow spots appear on the leaves, giving the virus its name.
Gloeoitrichia is a member of Cyanobacteria, belongs to the Order Nostocales; Family Nostocaceae.
These small gram-negative cells have a variable number of long flagella at the ends and sides of their rod-shaped bodies.
Serological cross-reactions between Batken and Dhori viruses indicate a phylogenetic relationship between these viruses.
The siphuncle is ventral, which could also be indicative of a horizontal orientation in life, with broad, slightly inflated segments and continuous, radial, actinosiphonate, deposits.
Grape vine virus A is a plant virus and the type species in the genus Vitivirus.
Filomicrobium fusiforme is a Gram-negative, aerobic, motile bacteria from the genus of Filomicrobium which was isolated from brackish water in Germany.
Groundnut eyespot virus is a plant pathogenic virus of the family Potyviridae.
C. canimorsus generally has low virulence in healthy individuals, but has been observed to cause severe illness in persons with pre-existing conditions.
Chromohalobacter salexigens is a moderately halophilic species of bacteria.
The chemistry of its fossils is similar to that of fossilised vascular plants, rather than algae.
Influenza viruses are spread by coughing and sneezing.
Siadenovirus is a genus of viruses, in the family Adenoviridae.
Riverine brown trout average 20 to 80 centimetres but can reach lengths of 1 metre.
It is Gram-negative, oval, with strain RB-1.
It was collected in the Oberpfalz in Germany.
The virus spreads by direct contact with body fluids, such as blood, of an infected human or other animals.
As a group, the Neisseriaceae are strictly aerobic and Gram-negative, occur mainly in pairs, and typically do not have flagella.
The results are dark green mosaic, blistering, vein clearing, yellowing of leaves, and hardening.
S. intermedius were more likely to cause deep-seated abscess and was found as a solitary isolate in specimens obtained.
Plasmodium landauae is a parasite of the genus Plasmodium subgenus Vinckeia.
Streptomyces fumanus is a bacterium species from the genus of Streptomyces which has been isolated from alluvial soil.
This immunity does not fully protect against infection with the other diverse genotypes of the virus.
The suture has a shallow ventral lobe and broad concave lateral lobes, crossed obliquely by sinuous ribs that produce a deep ventral sinus.
Phytoplasmas were discovered in 1967 by Japanese scientists who termed them mycoplasma-like organisms.
The action of C. perfringens on dead bodies is known to mortuary workers as tissue gas and can be halted only by embalming.
It grows anaerobically by dissimilatory Fe reduction.
Reports of bacteria inhabiting the nephridia of earthworms first appeared in 1926.
Diseases associated with this genus include: sporadic episodes of high mortality among larvae and juveniles.
Species in six subgenera of Plasmodium infect birds - Bennettinia, Giovannolaia, Haemamoeba, Huffia, Novyella and Papernaia.
As of 2015, there are four species in the genus.
There is currently only one species in this genus: the type species Pea enation mosaic virus 1.
MERS-CoV is one of several viruses identified by WHO as a likely cause of a future epidemic.
BoHV-2 probably spreads through an arthropod vector, but can also be spread through milkers and milking machines.
Burkholderia pyrrocinia is a Gram-negative bacterium which has been found in soil as well as in the sputum of patients with cystic fibrosis.
The signs and symptoms of enteritis usually appear within 4–7 days after infection.
The Quaranfil and Johnston Atoll viruses are transmitted between vertebrates by ticks, resembling members of Thogotovirus, another genus of Orthomyxoviridae.
Kepplerites was named by Neumayr and Uhlig in 1892.
Individual algae may grow to more than 45 metres long at a rate of as much as 60 cm per day.
It is rod-shaped, Gram-negative, non-motile, aerobic and non-endospore forming, its type strain designated DD-13(T).
Furthermore, the POXIMUNE® C vaccine does offer direct protection against CNPV in susceptible birds.
It was regarded as a cellular unit with the smallest genome size until 2003 when a new species of Archaea, namely Nanoarchaeum equitans, was sequenced.
It is rod-shaped and non-motile with type strain M-5.
Distribution is worldwide and the virus infects a range of ruminants, including bison, buffalo, sheep and goats.
It has low pathogenicity in humans, and where infections have been found they are closely associated with immunocompromised individuals.
Dicistroviridae is a family of viruses in the order Picornavirales.
It contains carotenoids that make it resistant to ultraviolet rays.
The word is derived from the Greek hêpar, meaning "liver", and -itis, meaning "inflammation".
Rubulavirus is a genus of viruses in the family Paramyxoviridae, order Mononegavirales.
The phylogeny of the family Leuconostocaceae has recently been evaluated.
The genus is named after the type virus.
These three plant pathogenic bacteria are very closely related, despite significant differences biologically, and are grouped in the subgroup phylotype IV species complex Ralstonia solanacearum.
Aquabacterium commune has got a single polar flagellum and its colonies are transparent.
MNSV is important in melon plants as it causes vast economical damage worldwide reducing significant yields.
It is a colonial, multicellular, gliding trichomes of similar diameter enclosed by a shared sheath.
Colonies of Burkholderia silvatlantica are cream coloured with yellow in the centre.
When grown on general anaerobic medium, B. longum forms white, glossy colonies with a convex shape.
These are 2–10 µm in diameter and are typical for a rabies infection and thus have been used as definite histological proof of such infection.
The Coleofasciculaceae are a family of cyanobacteria.
Cereal chlorotic mottle virus is a plant pathogenic virus of the family Rhabdoviridae.
During this adult stage, the beetles also mate and the females lay eggs in the soil in late July to early August.
Halobacteroides halobius is a species of bacteria, the type species of its genus.
While the overall mortality rate for these infections is 0.1%, over 650,000 of the cases are severe and invasive, and have a mortality rate of 25%.
These infections include aspiration pneumonia, lung abscess, pulmonary empyema, and chronic otitis media and sinusitis.
Papovaviruses are DNA viruses containing double-stranded DNA, are icosahedral in shape, and do not have a lipoprotein envelope.
Neochlamydia hartmannellae is a species of bacteria, the type species of its genus.
Along with Brucella melitensis, it is responsible for causing ovine brucellosis, which is a notifiable disease.
It had shorter generation time than clinical isolates of M. tuberculosis and presented a unique, characteristic phenolic glycolipid and lipo-oligosaccharide.
There have been reports that HIV patients coinfected with GBV-C can survive longer than those without GBV-C, but the patients may be different in other ways.
Langat virus is a virus of the genus Flavivirus.
This unicellular is investigated for its high amount of Fucoxanthin.
The biological indicator contains spores of the organism on filter paper inside a vial.
Dinocampus coccinellae paralysis virus is a single-stranded, positive-sense RNA virus of insects, in the picorna-like virus family Iflaviridae, which was first characterised in 2015.
It has also been identified in biofilms in plastic water pipes.
Severe HRSV infections have increasingly been found among elderly patients.
The tabacina is also very alarming towards humid farming zones, like the southeastern and eastern U.S., Canada, and countries boarding the Caribbean.
It uses tetrachloroethylene and trichloroethylene as electron acceptors.
Rhodomicrobium use bacteriochlorophyll A and bacteriochlorophyll B for photosynthese and occurs in fresh- and sea-whater and in soil
Eponididae – in which the aperture is interiomarginal and slitlike or areal and cribrate.
This genus includes canine parvovirus, which causes gastrointestinal tract damage in puppies that is about 80% fatal.
Pseudomonas jinjuensis is a Gram-negative, non-spore-forming, motile, single polar flagellated, yellow-white, rod bacterium isolated from soil in the Jinju Region of Korea.
Plum pox, also known as sharka, is the most devastating viral disease of stone fruit from the genus Prunus.
Staphylococcus microti is a Gram-positive, coagulase-negative member of the bacterial genus Staphylococcus consisting of clustered cocci.
Arcobacter bivalviorum is a species of Gram-negative, slightly curved, motile, rod-shaped bacteria first recovered from mussels and clams.
Pseudomonas abietaniphila is a Gram-negative soil bacterium that grows on pulp mill effluents with resin acids.
Baculoviruses contain circular double-stranded genome ranging from 80 to 180 kbp.
There was a distinct structure in the receptacles that resemble spores, most clearly seen in figure 7.
Cattle and mosquitoes serve as natural hosts.
Streptococcus parasanguinis is a gram-positive bacterium of the genus Streptococcus that is classified as a member of the Streptococcus viridans group.
Bartonella acomydis is a bacterium from the genus of Bartonella which was isolated from wild Rodentia.
Like all Plasmodium species P. watteni has both vertebrate and insect hosts.
Colonies of Clostridium indolis are found to be non-hemolytic and have an optimal growth temperature of 37 °C, classifying them as mesophiles.
The Asticcacaulis are a genus of proteobacteria.
The clinical signs displayed are dependent on the virulence of the strain.
In particular, P. maculilabre infects Mabuya maculilabris in the Congo basin.
Psychrobacter fozii is a psychrophilic, oxidase-positive, halotolerant, Gram-negative, nonmotile coccobacillus with a strictly oxidative metabolism, first isolated from Antarctic environments.
Paenochrobactrum is a genus of Gram-negative, oxidase-positive, nonspore-forming, nonmotile bacteria of the family Brucellaceae.
All of the known Synergistetes species and genera are presently part of a single class, order and family.
Seadornavirus is a genus of viruses, in the family Reoviridae, in the subfamily Sedoreovirinae.
Streptomyces bungoensis produces pladienolide B and pladienolide D.
Mycobacterium wolinskyi is a rapidly growing mycobacterium most commonly seen in post-traumatic wound infections, especially those following open fractures and with associated osteomyelitis.
It has been identified as a causative agent of hemorrhagic fever with renal syndrome.
Citrobacter braakii is a Gram-negative species of bacteria.
The bacteria is approximately 1-3 microns in length, and are capable of motility via peritrichous flagella.
Strains of this species were originally described in 1967 and were found to be fairly similar to the species Bacillus pantothenticus.
The cotyledons are systemically infected, becoming discoloured and distorted.
The species has a single virus member, Ebola virus, and it is the type species for the genus Ebolavirus.
Like other members of its family, it is a bacterium that is assumed to be normally present in the respiratory tract.
Quaranjaviruses predominantly infect arthropods and birds; as of March 2015, Quaranfil virus is the only member of the genus to have been shown to infect humans.
The virus is a small replication-defective, nonenveloped virus.
Unlike the HA of other vaccinia-like viruses, the HA of RCN did not cross-react with monkeypox virus HA.
The enzyme pyrogallol hydroxytransferase uses 1,2,3,5-tetrahydroxybenzene and 1,2,3-trihydroxybenzene, whereas its two products are 1,3,5-trihydroxybenzene and 1,2,3,5-tetrahydroxybenzene.
Massilia alkalitolerans is a Gram-negative, rod-shaped, nonspore-forming bacterium from the genus Massilia and the family Oxalobacteraceae.
It was first discovered in a black-spined toad originating from Malaysia.
Plasmodium anasum is a species of the genus Plasmodium subgenus Giovannolaia.
Streptomyces albolongus produces valilactone, ansathiazin, awamycin and griseofulvin
In this one case, the patient was speculated to be immunodeficient and potentially had been exposed to large amounts of virus in the laboratory.
People are more likely to contract the disease in summer and autumn in Australia.
Swarmer cells differentiate into stalked cells after a short period of motility.
Bdellovibrio bacteriovorus was first described by Stolp and Petzold in 1962.
C. pauculus is associated with human infections.
Infections result in lower yields and poorer quality fruit.
Plasmodium gologoense is a parasite of the genus Plasmodium.
As a member of the group I of the Baltimore classification, Pseudomonas phage phiCTX is a dsDNA virus.
C. fungivorans has the ability to grow on living fungal hyphae.
The family is also characterized by variable cell shape, the classic shape being ovoid, while many are pleomorphic.
Published references to the organism currently include "Panagopoulos, C.G.
Cheesemakers control the size of the holes by changing the acidity, temperature, and curing time of the mixture.
Cytochrome P450 eryF originally from the bacterium is responsible for the biosynthesis of the antibiotic by C6-hydroxylation of the macrolide 6-deoxyerythronolide B.
C. pneumoniae has a complex life cycle and must infect another cell to reproduce; thus, it is classified as an obligate intracellular pathogen.
This species of the genus Anabaena and the domain Eubacteria is capable of photosynthesis.
Since 2005, massive die-offs have occurred among a wide variety of freshwater species in the Great Lakes region of North America.
Streptomyces griseocarneus produces hydroxystreptomycin, alboverticillin, sphingomyelinase C and rotaventin.
Broccoli necrotic yellows virus is a plant pathogenic virus of the family Rhabdoviridae.
Their homofermentative character can be altered by adjusting environmental conditions such as pH, glucose concentration, and nutrient limitation.
Betanecrovirus is a genus of viruses, in the family Tombusviridae.
The fruit may also become red or white in colour.
It is known from numerous locations along the east coast of the North Atlantic Ocean, from Ireland to the Canary Islands.
In 1959, the American bacteriologist Elizabeth O.
Plasmodium cyclopsi is a parasite of the genus Plasmodium subgenus Vinckeia.
With some uncertainty, it has been implicated in cases of a polio-like disorder called acute flaccid myelitis.
It is the only genus in the family Bartonellaceae.
Barley yellow dwarf is a plant disease caused by the barley yellow dwarf virus, and is the most widely distributed viral disease of cereals.
Achromobacter xylosoxidans can cause infections such as bacteremia, especially in patients with cystic fibrosis.
Asparagus 3 virus is a plant pathogenic virus of the family Alphaflexiviridae.
The mycelium grows bigger on one end to form sporangia and sometimes endospores.
There is currently only one species in this genus: the type species Galliform aveparvovirus 1.
It is facultatively carboxydotrophic, curved, motile, rod-shaped, with a length of 2.6–3 μm, a width of about 0.5 μm and lateral flagellation.
Betalipothrixvirus is a genus of viruses in the order Ligamenvirales, in the family Lipothrixviridae.
Isolates of AltMV have shown a 93-99% nucleotide identity to the original Australian isolate.
Proteins that contribute to the overall structure of TGEV includes the spike, envelope, membrane and nucleocapsid.
The disease was first described after European settlers brought pigs into areas endemic with ASFV and, as such, is an example of an 'emerging infectious disease'.
To replicate its genetic content requires host cell DNA polymerases and, hence, the process is highly dependent on the cell cycle.
The Australian grapevine viroid is a type of grapevine viroid.
The Parvoviridae are a family of small, rugged, genetically-compact DNA viruses, known collectively as parvoviruses.
Streptomyces albulus produces acetoxycycloheximide, aciphenol, albanoursin and cycloheximide.
Once that occurs, they direct their spinnerets toward their prey and circle it; all the while casting silk on it.
betae is a forma specialis of Peronospora farinosa, attacking sugar beet.
Streptococcus tigurinus is a novel member of the genus Streptococcus that was first discovered in 2012 by Swedish researchers.
This disease is considered to be the biggest threat to food security in coastal East Africa and around the eastern lakes.
Cowpox is an infectious disease caused by the cowpox virus.
It infects Nasonia vitripennis, and is the cause of the son-killer trait in wasps.
The host range for this virus includes species of Atriplex, Beta, Chenopodium and Spinacia and also Tetragonia tetragonioides.
Acidovorax defluvii is a Gram-negative soil bacterium.
Diseases associated with this genus include: infected peritoneal macrophages, dendritic cells and hepatocytes, inducing significant pathology in both the spleen and the liver.
P. stuartii is the genomic source for the restriction endonuclease, PstI.
Virions are rod-shaped, enveloped, 74-88 nanometres in diameter and 163-383 nm in length, with surface projections.
The root cap is absent in some parasitic plants and some aquatic plants, in which a sac-like structure called the root pocket may form instead.
Streptococcus cricetus is a species of Streptococcus.
Initially referred to as "mystery swine disease" and "mystery reproductive syndrome", it was first reported in 1987 in North America and Central Europe.
Different forms of the disease exist, including lymphoblastic, erythroblastic, and osteopetrotic.
On the basis of these markers, the Selenomonadales are inclusive of two distinct families, and are no longer the sole order within the Negativicutes.
S. clavuligerus spores are gray to grayish-green.
In cattle and sheep, a severe infection causes blackleg.
This is most apparent on the scale rows on either side of the body with a decreasing intensity in the lower rows.
Symptoms of RRSV infection vary with the variety of rice and stage of growth.
Unlike the other reoviruses, orbiviruses are arboviruses.
The three genera of Influenza virus, which are identified by antigenic differences in their nucleoprotein and matrix protein, infect vertebrates as follows:
Codazziceras is an early Late Cretaceous ammonite from the Late Cretaceous of Colombia, distinguished from Lyelliceras from which it is based and added to the Euomphaloceratinae.
Type strain: strain ATCC 19250 = CCUG 28011 = CCUG 31306 = CIP 104035 = DSM 43995 = NCTC 10042.
It is classified under the Baltimore classification system as a group IV virus, having a single-stranded, positive-sense RNA genome.
Babanki virus is a member of the virus family Togaviridae of Class IV of the Baltimore classification system and the genus Alphavirus.
Members of this family are facultative anaerobes, able to ferment sugars to lactic acid, have nitrate reductase, but lack oxidases.
They are found in nutrient poor tropical and subtropical ocean waters.
TCV is a small, single-stranded, positive-sense RNA virus.
Diseases associated with this family include: yellowing symptoms.
It is similar to bovine parvovirus in its protein structure and DNA.
Plasmodium tanzaniae is a parasite of the genus Plasmodium.
Canine minute virus is a strain of Carnivore bocaparvovirus of the family Parvoviridae that infects dogs.
This family consists of facultative anaerobes and has non-motile and motile members.
It is the causative agent of Milky disease in some scarab beetle larvae.
Caldicellulosiruptor is a genus of thermophilic, anaerobic, Gram-positive, non-spore forming bacteria.
Although both virus types have been observed in lesions of diseased fish, each cell of the infected tissue is host to a specific virus.
Most strains of microbial agents in these tests were correctly identified by the referring laboratories as Alcaligenes xylosoxidans.
According to the Baltimore classification they are considered class II viruses.
The classification of this group is ongoing but its members include Megavirus, Mimivirus, Phaeocystis globosa virus and Cafeteria roenbergensis virus.
The last genus is Avibirnavirus, which contains infectious bursal disease virus.
Tilopteridales is an order of brown algae with isomorphic alternation of generations.
Chilli veinal mottle virus is a plant pathogenic virus of the family Potyviridae.
Filamentous algae are composed of cells that divide along a single plane, allowing only elongation to form filaments of one or more rows of cells.
The flagellum is at the anterior of the cell, and the tentacles surround it, often capturing small prey drawn in by its current.
Betapapillomavirus is a genus of viruses, in the family Papillomaviridae.
80% of the nation’s carrots are grown in California.
Several strains have shown an ability to survive in environments highly contaminated with metals.
There is an inner-shell with a diameter of around 50 nm.
It is able to degrade carbazole, and as such, may be used in bioremediation.
Collimonas arenae is a bacterium of the genus Collimonas in the Oxalobacteraceae family which was isolated from seminatural grassland soils on Wadden Island near Terschelling.
Streptomyces longisporoflavus is a bacterium species from the genus of Streptomyces which has been isolated from soil.
Diseases associated with this genus include: hemorrhagic disease.
It has an unusually-large genome of 13,033,779 base pairs, making it the largest bacterial genome sequenced to date by roughly 4 Mb.
D. antarctica has a circumpolar distribution between the latitudes of 29°S and 55°S.
Additional cases of endocarditis associated with G. sanguinis infections have been reported.
Streptomyces leeuwenhoekii is a bacterium species from the genus of Streptomyces which has been isolated from hyper-arid desert soil from Salar de Atacama in Chile.
When the dam is infected between 30 and 35 days, the puppies were sometimes born with myocarditis and anasarca.
It causes a disease in goats called contagious caprine pleuropneumonia.
Pseudomonas lini is a fluorescent, Gram-negative, rod-shaped bacterium isolated from rhizospheric soil in France.
It is structurally quite similar to the tomato bushy stuntvirus.
Thiobacilus thioparus is the type species of the genus.
The subfamily currently includes six genera, of which Lentivirus contains the human immunodeficiency virus.
It is differentiated by its psychrotolerant growth.
Diseases associated with this genus include: mononucleosis, Burkitt's lymphoma, and nasopharyngeal carcinoma.
Commercialized strains of L. fermentum used as probiotics include PCC, ME-3 and CECT5716
Its name originates from the Latin word, vacca, since it was first cultured from cow dung in Austria.
Tannerella forsythia was discovered by and named after Dr. Anne Tanner who works at The Forsyth Institute located in Cambridge, MA.
SorX is the second 1O2 induced sRNA that couteracts oxidative stress by targeting mRNA for a transporter.
The virus, first found in Germany has now spread throughout Europe, Asia, South America, and North America.
Turncurtovirus is a genus of viruses, in the family Geminiviridae.
Etymology: microtus is a genus that includes small field rodents such as the vole.
This genus has been found to be part of the salivary microbiome.
The bacterium is straight-rod-shaped, 0.5 to 1.0 μm wide and usually 2 to 3 μm long, and can grow both lateral and polar flagella.
Caused by: BHV-5 — Bovine Encephalitis Virus — Bovine Encephalitis Herpesvirus
V. minor caused a milder form of disease which killed about 1 percent of those it infects.
The second had a host range restricted to the family Umbelliferae and was called Western celery mosaic.
The two RNAs of the disease are now categorised as two separate, mutualistic viruses: PEMV-1 is an Enamovirus, while PEMV-2 is an Umbravirus.
Gymnodimine is a nicotinic acetylcholine receptor-blocking phycotoxin, a source of shellfish poisoning.
Rabies virus is a neurotropic virus that causes rabies in humans and animals.
Providencia stuartii, is a Gram negative bacterium that is commonly found in soil, water, and sewage.
TYLCV causes the most destructive disease of tomato, and it can be found in tropical and subtropical regions causing severe economic losses.
Streptomyces aureocirculatus is a bacterium species from the genus of Streptomyces.
Burkholderia ambifaria is a species of Proteobacteria.
It encompasses two type species of the Torque Teno Midi Virus.
It is Gram-negative, its cells are rod-shaped with pointed ends, and its protoplasmic cylinder is entwined with periplasmic fibers.
Viruses vary in shape from the simple helical and icosahedral to more complex structures.
Although it is comparably slow-spreading, Avipoxvirus is known to cause symptoms like pustules full of pus lining the skin and diphtheria-like symptoms.
Daphne virus S is a plant virus that infects daphnes.
Strict aerobes, Francisella colonies bear a morphological resemblance to those of the genus Brucella.
The vertebrate hosts for this parasite are reptiles.
Lactobacillus casei is a species of genus Lactobacillus found in the human intestine and mouth.
Coxsackie B is a group of six serotypes of Coxsackievirus, a pathogenic enterovirus, that trigger illness ranging from mild gastrointestinal distress to full-fledged pericarditis and myocarditis.
Its genome contains 134,494 base pairs coding 190 putative open reading frames and 16 tRNA genes.
The vertebrate hosts for this parasite are spiny lizards.
The lesions it causes are limited to the middle of the small intestine.
It is a gram positive, alkaliphilic and alkalitolerant, aerobic endospore-forming bacteria.
It is notable for the prevalence of horizontal gene transfers in its evolution, possibly due to dormancy because of its habitat.
There are currently three species in this genus including the type species Avastrovirus 1.
Mycobacterium ulcerans is a slow-growing mycobacterium that classically infects the skin and subcutaneous tissues, giving rise to indolent nonulcerated and ulcerated lesions.
Brucella is the cause of brucellosis, which is a zoonosis transmitted by ingesting contaminated food, direct contact with an infected animal, or inhalation of aerosols.
Deer tick virus is a virus causing tick-borne encephalitis.
Pasteurella multocida is a Gram-negative, nonmotile, penicillin-sensitive coccobacillus belonging to the Pasteurellaceae family.
It is considered a growth-promoting rhizobacteria and has the ability to quickly colonize roots.
VEE can affect all equine species, such as horses, donkeys, and zebras.
Odontella hastata J. Fenner ex D. M. Williams
Chambers are flattned in planospiral forms and spheroidal in trochospiral and serial forms.
When exposed to air they release the acid, thereby destroying themselves and nearby seaweeds in the process.
Alphaherpesvirinae is a subfamily of Herpesviridae, primarily distinguished by reproducing more quickly than other subfamilies of Herpesviridae.
Pseudomonas delhiensis is a Gram-negative bacterium isolated from the dumping site of fly ash of a power plant in Delhi, India.
There are currently five species in this genus, including the type species Enterobacteria phage SP6.
Among others, they include Rhodomicrobium, a genus of purple bacteria.
As with all Shewanella, this organism produces hydrogen sulfide on TSI.
Further examination of members of this clade suggest that this group are actually members of the Clostridia.
Their biochemical characteristics can be distinguished from the related Enterobacteriaceae by the presence of oxidase, and from most other similar bacteria by the absence of flagella.
Together with other Bartonella species, it can cause disease in animals.
However, the genus does contain some human pathogens.
They have no outer membrane and like certain other firmicutes, they form heat-resistant endospores, which contain high levels of calcium and dipicolinic acid.
PYVV RNA have a conserved 3'-terminal secondary structure, which includes a pseudoknot.
The family name derives from the Latin rudis, thin rod, referring to the virion shape.
Pseudomonas cichorii is a Gram-negative soil bacterium that is pathogenic to plants.
Desulfobacter curvatus is a sulfate-reducing bacteria, with type strain AcRM3.
Its only species, Quinella ovalis, is an extremely large motile rumen anaerobic prokaryote previously known as "Quin's Oval".
Diseases associated with this genus include: systemic mosaic.
Invertebrates, honeybee, and bumblebees serve as natural hosts.
Streptomyces janthinus is a bacterium species from the genus of Streptomyces which has been isolated from soil in Russia.
It is coccus-shaped, aerobic, chemoorganotrophic and its type strain is NM-1T.
When grown in sucrose solution, it converts the sugar to dextrans having mostly alpha 1,6 linkages, but 1,2, 1,3, and 1,4 linkages are also present.
They are found primarily in temperate regions of the Eastern Hemisphere.
There are currently ten species in this family, divided among 2 genera.
At maturity, the aerial hyphae of this species differentiates into tight, spiral chains of rugose, cylindrical spores.
Desmarestiales is an order in the brown algae.
Like all Plasmodium species P. semnopitheci has both vertebrate and insect hosts.
Flavobacteriia are a group of commensal bacteria and opportunistic pathogens.
Streptomyces matensis is a bacterium species from the genus of Streptomyces which has been isolated from sea sand from Sicily in Italy.
Up to now there is only one species of this genus known.
Trichodina is a genus of ciliate alveolates that is ectocommensal or parasitic on aquatic animals, particularly fish.
Streptomyces cinereoruber produces chinerubin A, chinerubin B, rhodomycin A and rhodomycin B.
Streptococcus cristatus is a species of viridans Streptococcus with tufted fibrils, first isolated from the human oral cavity and throat.
Diseases associated with HHV-5 include glandular fever, and pneumonia.
Fucus guiryi G. I. Zardi, K. R. Nicastro, E. S. Serrão, G. A. Pearson is a brown alga in the family Fucaceae.
The Rhizobiaceae is a family of proteobacteria comprising multiple subgroups that enhance and hinder plant development.
Three species - P. pessoai, P. tomodoni and P. wenyoni - infect snakes.
The vertebrate hosts for this parasite are mammals.
Nostoc can be found in soil, on moist rocks, at the bottom of lakes and springs, and rarely in marine habitats.
Flanks are slightly bowed, converging on a flattened venter.
B. bronchiseptica rarely infects healthy humans, though disease in immunocompromised patients has been reported.
Clostridium ramosum is an anaerobic, non-motile, thin, spore-forming, gram-positive bacterium that is among the gut flora of humans.
Enterococcus mundtii is a species of Enterococcus.
It is the single member of the species Reston ebolavirus, which is included into the genus Ebolavirus, family Filoviridae, order Mononegavirales.
Streptomyces cellulolyticus is a cellulolytic bacterium species from the genus of Streptomyces.
In 2014, researchers discovered the presence of BLV positive cells in the human breast tissue.
It is named after the Dutch microbiologist Albert Kluyver.
Bradyrhizobium icense is a bacterium from the genus of Bradyrhizobium.
B virus is an alphaherpesvirus, which consists of a subset of herpes viruses that travel within hosts using the peripheral nerves.
As currently defined, the subphylum Lobosa includes both shelled and naked amoebae, but excludes some amoebozoan organisms traditionally regarded as "lobosean", such as Pelomyxa and Entamoeba.
Leuconostoc is, along with other lactic acid bacteria such as Pediococcus and Lactobacillus, responsible for the fermentation of cabbage, making it sauerkraut.
Fungi and plants serve as natural hosts.
It is not known how the organism feeds or reproduces.
Shallot, onion, and garlic serve as natural hosts.
the ability to grow on a medium containing neomycin and polymyxin B
The families within this order share a number of common features:
It is a moderately halophilic, anaerobic, long rod-shaped, motile, Gram-negative and non-sporulating bacterium.
Mesorhizobium australicum is a gram-negative bacteria from the genus of Mesorhizobium which was isolated from nodules on Biserrula pelecinus Leguminosae in Australia
Five subtypes have been identified to date:
S. stepanovicii has been isolated from the skin of small mammals in the wild.
A common characteristic among novirhabdoviruses is the NV gene, an approximately 500-nucleotide-long gene located between the glycoprotein and polymerase genes.
Tai Forest ebolavirus, has been seen in a single human infection due to contact chimpanzee from the Tai Forest in Ivory Coast.
Clostridium saccharoperbutylacetonicum is an indole and notably butanol-producing bacteria, with type strain N1-4.
There is currently one species in this genus: the type species Methanobacterium phage psiM1.
European Bat lyssavirus 2 is one of three rabies virus-like agents of the genus Lyssavirus found in Daubenton's bats in Britain.
The common names of the diseases associated with Sclerophthora macrospora include “crazy top disease” on maize  and yellow tuft disease on turf grass.
Clostridium indolis is a Gram-positive, motile, anaerobic, rod-shaped bacteria that produces terminal spores.
Coxsackieviruses have two groups, A and B, each associated with different diseases.
It was first identified in sheep in South Africa in the 1830s, and had reached the Caribbean by 1980.
Plasmodium kentropyxi is a parasite of the genus Plasmodium subgenus Sauramoeba.
Treatment of P. aeruginosa infections can be difficult due to its natural resistance to antibiotics.
They are motile by flagella, the cells are rod-shaped.
The virus can rest in these spores, and when the spores germinate into mobile zoospores, they transmit the virus to the plant.
Leptothrix mobilis is a bacterium from the genus Leptothrix and familyComamonadaceae, which was isolated from freshwater sediments.
Polaromonas vacuolata is a psychrophilic bacterium with gas vesicles from the genus Polaromonas, which was isolated from Antarctica.
There are currently 20 species in this genus including the type species Gammapapillomavirus 1.
                  
B. saltans can be found widely distributed throughout the world in both freshwater and marine environments.
The Lone Star virus is a highly divergent Bunyavirus, which is carried and transmitted by the Lone Star Tick, Amblyomma americanum.
Tobacco etch virus is a plant pathogenic virus in the genus Potyvirus and the virus family Potyviridae.
Pseudomonas congelans is a fluorescent, Gram-negative bacterium isolated from the phyllosphere of grasses.
Diseases associated with this genus include: mumps.
Bartonella capreoli is a pathogenic bacteria first isolated from European ruminants.
RNA1 encodes a protein called 1a, which contains both an N-proximal methyltransferase domain and a C-proximal helicase-like domain.
Associated diseases include mild to moderate upper respiratory tract infections, severe lower respiratory tract infection, croup and bronchiolitis.
Mycobacterium vaccae is a nonpathogenic species of the Mycobacteriaceae family of bacteria that lives naturally in soil.
Identified vectors include Rhopalosiphum padi L. and R. maidis Fitch..
Hollow stripes where present when the Eisenia arborea did not receive essential nutrients for its thalli development.
The Oxalobacteraceae are a family of bacteria, included in the order Burkholderiales.
She had been affected by the Puumala virus which caused a complete breakdown of her immune system.
However, some cause hemorrhagic disease, hepatitis and pancreatitis.
Moraxella caprae is a Gram-negative, aerobic, nonmotile bacterium in the genus Moraxella, which was isolated from the nasal flora of goats in Lyon in France.
Ehrlichia chaffeensis is an obligate intracellular gram-negative species of rickettsiales bacteria.
It can be pathogenic, being involved in cases of Lyme borreliosis.
Burkholderia ginsengisoli has the ability to produce β-glucosidase.
B. arboris belongs to the Burkholderia cepacia complex.
Dhori virus is a species of the genus Thogotovirus and a member of the family Orthomyxoviridae.
The reduction of Prevotella in model mice led to an increase of Lactobacillus showing a protection effect against osteomyelitis.
Mycobacterium neoaurum is a species of Mycobacterium.
There is only one characterised member of this genus, Guillardia theta.
Most of these viruses, such as BK virus and JC virus, are very common and typically asymptomatic in most human populations studied.
It is a gram-negative, oxidase-positive, non-fermentative rod in the alpha-2 subgroup of the class Proteobacteria.
Strains of this species were originally isolated from portions of French soft cheese.
The virus particles are 28 nm in diameter and contain 60 copies each of a Large and Small coat protein.
Ranavirus is a genus of viruses, in the family Iridoviridae.
Globigerinoides is an extant genus of shallow-water planktonic foraminifera of family Globigerinidae.
Genome analyses of these strains were independently completed in 2004.
Bacteria in this genus have been found in the respiratory tracts of human patients with pulmonary tuberculosis.
A different Eimeria, Eimeria kinsellai, has been found in Florida marsh rice rats.
Starkeya is a genus of bacteria from the family of Xanthobacteraceae.
Borrelia coriaceae is a species of spirochete bacteria and member of the genus Borrelia.
Diseases associated with this genus include: facial warts.
They are a normal bacterium in the intestines and oral mucosa of mammals.
Xanthomonas oryzae is a species of Proteobacteria.
Deinococcus saxicola is a species of low temperature and drought-tolerating, UV-resistant bacteria from Antarctica.
The Geinitzinacea differs from the Nodosinellacea in that in the Nodosinellacea the inner layer is fibrous.
Both hepatitis B and hepatitis C are commonly spread through infected blood such as may occur during needle sharing by intravenous drug users.
These bacteria belong to the photosynthetic picoplankton and are probably the most abundant photosynthetic organism on Earth.
Pseudomonas acidophila is a Gram-negative soil bacterium that produces the beta-lactam antibiotic, sulfazecin, as well as bulgecins.
Diseases associated with this genus include: hypovirulence or debilitation.
They are single-stranded covalent circles and have intramolecular base pairing.
There are about 150 species in this family.
The findings were published in the New England Journal of Medicine on June 7, 2007.
Note: Brevibacterium stationis may now be re-classified as Corynebacterium stationis.
Pigmentiphaga is a genus of motile and nonmotile bacteria of the family Alcaligenaceae.
The Asfaravirus infect insects and swine and the Faustavirus infects amoebae.
Unlike some other mosaic viruses that infect squashes, SqMV is not spread by aphids.
This is thought to be due to distinct sublineages developing specific niche adaptations, with associated biochemical adaptations which make them better suited to a particular environment.
Other viruses that can infect without helper viruses are called as autonomous parvoviruses.
The virus is 70 nm in diameter and replicates best at 20-30 degrees Celsius.
Moraxella saccharolytica is a Gram-negative bacterium in the genus Moraxella, which was isolated from the spinal cord of a child with meningitis.
They produce over two-thirds of the clinically useful antibiotics of natural origin.
It is named after French explorer Jules Dumont d'Urville [1790-1842].
The fossils consist of a rounded diamond shape, made up from lobes radiating out from a central circle roughly 12 cm in diameter.
Acetonema is a genus of bacteria in the family Veillonellaceae.
The primary function of L. helveticus culture is to prevent bitterness and produce nutty flavors in the final cheese.
It was first isolated in an African wood mouse in the forest in Guinea, West Africa in 2010.
Deltacoronaviruses are one of the four genera, alpha, beta, gamma, and delta in the subfamily Coronavirinae of the family Coronaviridae.
Bacteria from this family cause zoonotic infections in humans.
The protist usually has two macronuclei and a single micronucleus.
Plasmodium cnemaspi is a parasite of the genus Plasmodium subgenus Sauramoeba.
Septa are close spaced with sutures forming broad lobes on the upper flanks and ventral surface.
Oxalicibacterium solurbis is a Gram-negative, rod-shaped, and aerobic bacterium from the genus Oxalicibacterium and family Oxalobacteraceae.
They are chemoorganotrophic mesophiles that prefer temperatures around 28 °C.
Burkholderia gladioli is a species of aerobic gram-negative rod-shaped bacteria that causes disease in both humans and plants.
Prune dwarf virus is a plant pathogenic virus of the family Bromoviridae.
The species is named in honor of the French microbiologist Henri Monteil.
Bacteriovorax stolpii recognizes its prey by outer membrane protein receptors, which explains why Gram-positive bacteria that lack outer membranes do not serve as prey.
However, they are still carriers and can pass the disease onto other plants.
Before the 1960s, Bifidobacterium species were collectively referred to as "Lactobacillus bifidus".
It is rare compared to these two parasites, and substantially less dangerous than P. falciparum.
Lacrymaria feed primarily on smaller organisms such as other ciliates, flagellates, and amoeba, but may sometimes tear chunks out of larger ciliates.
It is known to contain the enzyme D-threo-aldose 1-dehydrogenase, which allows it to oxidize L-glucose.
P. oligandrum can grow within the roots of certain plants, including tomato and sugar beet.
The Cohaesibacteraceae are a family of bacteria.
There are currently only two species in this genus including the type species Cassava vein mosaic virus.
The aethalia, or fruiting bodies, occur either scattered or in groups on damp rotten wood, especially on large logs, from June to November.
Cupriavidus is a genus of bacteria that includes the former genus Wautersia.
There are currently only two species in this genus including the type species Enterobacteria phage MS2.
Fat choy is a terrestrial cyanobacterium that is used as a vegetable in Chinese cuisine.
The disease is also seen in countries of South America.
Internal molds of the type, Mesoceras Kentuckiense show presence of a broad hyponomic sinus flanked by high rounded vantrolateral salients.
K. oxytoca and K. rhinoscleromatis have also been demonstrated in human clinical specimens.
It typically colonises slimy, algae-covered logs that have lost their bark and have been partially to completely covered by liverworts.
Diseases associated with this genus include: myxomatosis.
Pseudomonas ficuserectae is a nonfluorescent, Gram-negative, soil bacterium that causes bacterial leaf spot on a Japanese fig, from which it derives its name.
Two unassigned genera, Dinodnavirus and Faustovirus, also belong to this clade.
The differences between these groups are distinguished geographically and genetically.
As a consequence, mitochondrial genes for topoisomerases are available in high quantities that make it an attractive focus of genetic study.
They are distinguished from the Bacilli by lacking aerobic respiration.
This genus lives in strictly anaerobic conditions below the surface of a body of water, commonly the anaerobic zone of a eutrophic lake.
Cripavirus is a genus of viruses in the order Picornavirales, in the family Dicistroviridae.
Its name refers to the shape of its spore-bearing hyphal branches: from the Latin, clavula, meaning little club, and igerus, meaning bearing.
The direction of curvature of the pattern in a given strain is known as its chirality and is a hereditary trait.
It is one of four rodent-borne Hantaviruses found in the Republic of Korea.
Molecular data indicate that the members of the Chroococcales may not be a clade.
Kachpurites is characteristic of the lower part of the upper Volgan substage in the Russian Platform.
The paralytic disease spread rapidly through a breeding colony as well as through a laboratory population causing about 95% mortality.
This would have huge consequences for other oceanic organisms and also for terrestrial organisms.
Turbinaria is a genus of brown algae found primarily in tropical marine waters.
Acinetobacter towneri is a Gram-negative, strictly aerobic bacterium from the genus Acinetobacter isolated from activated sludge in Bendigo in Australia.
This iron ion shell allows the algae to store and have a constant source of iron regardless of the conditions of the surrounding environment.
Aconchulinida is an order of Cercozoa in the sub-class Filosia.
The Fucales are an order in the brown algae.
Foot-and-mouth disease virus is the prototypic member of the genus Aphthovirus.
The Fucaceae are a family of brown algae, containing six genera:
Rickettsiella is a genus of the family Coxiellaceae.
It carries a 7205 base pair genome of double-stranded DNA within isometric viral particles.
It was described by Helen Boynton & Ford in 1995 who published in Ediacaran fossils from the Precambrian of Charnwood Forest, Leicestershire, England.
It is of industrial importance and used for heavy metal remediation and sensing.
Like all Plasmodium species P. lacertiliae has both vertebrate and insect hosts.
Its genome has been sequenced and contains approximately 6600 nucleotides organized into four open reading frames.
Lymphocryptovirus is a genus of viruses in the order Herpesvirales, in the family Herpesviridae, in the subfamily Gammaherpesvirinae.
It is named after the lilac tree, from which it was first isolated.
This species was identified in Iceland, together with Thermus antranikianii.
The bacteria was previously classified as Thermobacteroides proteolyticus until further study led researchers to propose a new genus, Coprothermobacter for the organism.
The Acidithiobacillales are an order of bacteria within the class Acidithiobacillia and comprises the genera Acidithiobacillus and Thermithiobacillus.
It was first identified and characterized in 1983.
However, prophages closely related to PM2 are abundant in the genomes of aquatic bacteria, suggesting that the ecological importance of corticoviruses might be underestimated.
Ureaplasma loridis is a species of Ureaplasma, a genus of bacteria belonging to the family Mycoplasmataceae.
Its versatile abilities allows it to grow anywhere between 15 and 45 degrees Celsius, and at any pH level of 3.2 or higher.
Myxococcus xanthus is a gram-negative, rod-shaped species of myxobacteria that exhibits various forms of self-organizing behavior as a response to environmental cues.
For its reproduction the virus needs a helper or associated virus which is called Simian sarcoma associated virus.
The test, which is up to 4 mm in diameter, is in the shape of a more-or-less flattened cone with hollow center and bluntly rounded apex.
Streptomyces coeruleorubidus is a bacterium species from the genus of Streptomyces which has been isolated from marine sediment.
Cupriavidus campinensis is a gram-negative soil bacterium  of the genus Cupriavidus and the family Burkholderiaceae which was isolated in northeast Belgium.
It has potential use in bioremediation as it is able to degrade toluene.
Salmonella Fels-2 is a virus of the family Myoviridae, genus P2likevirus.
Plasmodium saurocaudatum is a parasite of the genus Plasmodium..
Spiroplasmas are fastidious organisms, which require a rich culture medium.
It is similar to the human immunodeficiency virus and infects cattle.
There is currently only one species in this genus: the type species Bacillus phage SPO1.
Streptomyces glauciniger is a mesophilic bacterium species from the genus of Streptomyces which has been isolated from soil in south China.
They belong among the gamma subdivision of the Proteobacteria, and are typically given their own order.
Thus the virus can transmit both horizontally and vertically.
The species is globally distributed in aquatic environments, like other species in the Aermonas genus.
It is grouped in Runyon group IV.
Contributing to the widespread distribution and persistence of Py.
Escherichia coli O104:H21 is a rare serotype of Escherichia coli, a species of bacteria that lives in the lower intestines of mammals.
It was discovered by Sir Alexander Fleming before he discovered Penicillin in 1928.
It is a nitrogen-fixing bacteria associated with roots of Leptochloa fusca .
Kachpurites is an uppermost Jurassic ammonite included in the perisphincacean family, Craspeditidae; although some classifiers put the Craspeditidae a subfamily in the Polyptychitidae.
DXV was first isolated and named in 1978.
Bacteria from this family cause zoonotic infections in humans, which manifest themselves as skin or soft-tissue infections after an animal bite.
A satellite virus of mamavirus that inhibits the replication of its host has been termed a virophage.
Lymphocytic choriomeningitis is a rodent-borne viral infectious disease that presents as aseptic meningitis, encephalitis or meningoencephalitis.
Phlorofucofuroeckol-B, a phlorotannin can be isolated from E. arborea.
It is an infrequent, but usually pathogenic, part of the skin flora.
The species is thermophilic and can grow at a temperature of 49.5 °C.
The abdomen has two restricted yellow side patches.
The Clastodermataceae are a family of slime molds in the order Echinosteliida.
Bacteria serve as the natural host, with transmission achieved through passive diffusion.
It was named in honor of Serbian microbiologist Srdjan Stepanović.
The species has borne its present name since 1948.
The protozoa are intracellular parasites that infect the erythrocytes.
It is not found in the Bay of Biscay but is common round the coasts of the British Isles.
They feed using a process called photosynthesis.
In this state, the λ DNA is called a prophage and stays resident within the host's genome without apparent harm to the host.
It has type B or type D morphology.
Nitrosomonas marina is a ammonia-oxidizing, aerobe, gram-negative bacterium from the genus of Nitrosomonas.
There are currently ~170 viruses recognised in this genus.
A person usually develops symptoms of gastroenteritis 12 to 48 hours after being exposed to norovirus.
demonstrate that Micrococcus luteus has survived for at least 34,000 to 170,000 years on the basis of 16S rRNA analysis, and possibly much longer.
It causes skin lesions and a generalized infection.
Peach latent mosaic viroid is a 336-351nt circular RNA which has a branched formation.
The natural vertebrate host is the African porcupine but it is possible to infect the large vesper mouse and Meriones unguiculatus.
Plasmodium josephinae is a parasite of the genus Plasmodium subgenus Sauramoeba.
Asaia siamensis is a species of acetic acid bacterium.
The species is an important Pleistocene biostratigraphic marker.
Pseudomonas gelidicola is a Gram-negative marine bacteria.
C. pecorum strains are serologically and pathogenically diverse.
LLOV is a distant relative of the commonly known Ebola virus and Marburg virus.
Members of this order generally prefer warmer waters than other brown algae.
activation of CD23+ peripheral blood B cells,
The vertebrate hosts for this parasite are reptiles.
The SARS coronavirus, sometimes shortened to SARS-CoV, is the virus that causes severe acute respiratory syndrome.
It is nonpigmented, curved-rod-like in shape, exhibiting facultative anaerobic growth, and possessing an absolute requirement for sea water.
The genomes of satellites range upward from 359 nucleotides in length for Satellite Tobacco Ringspot Virus RNA.
Photorhabdus is known to be pathogenic to a wide range of insects and has been used as biopesticide in agriculture.
Laminariaceae is a family of brown algal seaweeds, many genera of which are popularly called "kelp."
Azospirillum doebereinerae is a species of nitrogen-fixing bacteria associated with the roots of Miscanthus species.
The name of the genus is derived from its type species, Peanut clump virus, giving rise to Pecluvirus.
Infection with Channel catfish viral disease can cause significant economic loss in channel catfish farms.
They transport electrons from the sediment that is rich in hydrogen sulfide up to the oxygen-rich sediment that is in contact with the water.
The virus is a Type III virus under the Baltimore classification system; that is it has a double-stranded RNA genome.
These have been assembled into 48 species and 19 serogroups.
These disease-bearing organisms are known as vectors.
Pseudomonas tuticorinensis is a Gram-negative, marine denitrifying bacterium.
Like all Plasmodium species P. brygooi has both vertebrate and insect hosts.
It is a known pathogen of the major grain crop maize.
Streptomyces griseiniger is a bacterium species from the genus of Streptomyces which has been isolated in Australia.
The organism is considered opportunistic insofar as serious infection often occurs during existing diseases or conditions – most notably cystic fibrosis and traumatic burns.
It is motile and shows gliding motility.
The vertebrate hosts for this parasite are mammals.
S. scabies can produce several related toxins which are the most responsible for its pathogenicity, but several other systems have also been identified which contribute.
The Microbacteriaceae are a family of bacteria of the order Actinomycetales.
Over 400 species of plants from 50 families are susceptible to infection.
Mycobacterium phage patience, also called Patience, is a bacteriophage that infects Mycobacterium smegmatis bacteria.
They typically travel in swarms, containing many cells kept together by intercellular molecular signals.
Streptomyces africanus is a bacterium species from the genus of Streptomyces which has been isolated from soil in Cape Town in South Africa.
This gives the natural or genetically engineered nanoparticles a range of properties which could be useful in nanotechnological applications such as biosensors, catalysis and nanoelectronic devices.
Chromatium is a genus of photoautotrophic Gram-negative bacteria which are found in water.
At least 20 of the patients developed some degree of encephalitis.
The hydrocarbons in that environment do not come from living organisms.
It is best treated with a macrolide like azithromycin and a third-generation cephalosporin like ceftriaxone.
The Warnowiaceae uniquely possess an ocelloid, an extremely complex light-sensitive subcellular structure composed of mitochondria and plastids.
It is also diazotrophic, or capable of fixing nitrogen.
It is an acidophilic chemoorganotrophic bacterium containing menaquinone.
It is also commonly found in fermenting animal and plant material.
Xanthomonas campestris is bacterial species that causes a variety of plant diseases, including "black rot" in cruciferous vegetables and bacterial wilt of turfgrass.
Leptospira weilii is a pathogenic species of Leptospira.
These viruses are non-enveloped, stiff-rod-shaped viruses with linear dsDNA genomes, that infect hyperthermophilic archaea of the kingdom Crenarchaeota.
Viruses within this family are similar morphologically and possess an icosohedral capsid.
The prevalence of P. melaninogenics is high in the dental plaque of persons with Down syndrome.
Luz24likevirus is a genus of viruses in the order Caudovirales, in the family Podoviridae.
Influenza virus A infects humans, other mammals, and birds, and causes all flu pandemics
Pseudomonas rhizosphaerae is a Gram-negative, strictly aerobic, non-spore-forming, motile, rod-shaped bacterium found in rhizospheric soil of grasses in Spain.
Rhizobium leguminosarum is a bacterium which lives in a mutualistic symbiotic relationship with legumes, and has the ability to fix free nitrogen from the air.
It has a largely oxidative mode of metabolism and it is motile through peritrichous flagellation.
Rockport virus is a single-stranded, enveloped, negative-sense RNA hantavirus.
It has been found to live in various wastes, hygienic chemicals, and soil.
HHV-7 was first isolated in 1990 from CD4+ T cells taken from peripheral blood lymphocytes.
It is closely related to the peach mosaic virus.
Like all Plasmodium species P. loveridgei has both vertebrate and insect hosts.
The caliciviruses have a simple construction and are not enveloped.
It is uncommonly reported as a human pathogen and is widely used as a probiotic in Asia.
Ralstonia syzygii is a species of Proteobacteria of the family of Burkholderiaceae .
Clostridium bifermentans is an anaerobic, motile, gram-positive bacterium.
It has the ability to liquefy gelatin.
Diseases associated with this genus include cutaneous lesions.
Pseudomonas chlororaphis is a bacterium used as a soil inoculant in agriculture and horticulture.
It is a human pathogen that causes the disease mycoplasma pneumonia, a form of atypical bacterial pneumonia related to cold agglutinin disease.
The virus is endemic in the Americas, parts of Europe, the Middle and Far East, Russia, and South Africa.
Pseudomonas viridiflava is a fluorescent, Gram-negative, soil bacterium that is pathogenic to plants.
Blueberry shoestring virus is a viral disease that is commonly transmitted by the aphid vector, Illinoia pepperi.
These organisms resembled Campylobacter sputorum in their morphological and phenotypic characteristics and were given the name Campylobacter sputorum subsp.
The large segment of related bunyaviruses is approximately 6800 bases in length and encodes a probable viral polymerase.
This mycobacterium species was first described as a pathogen of field voles in England
Bacillus agaradhaerens is a facultative anaerobe bacterium.
Cowpea mosaic virus is a plant virus of the comovirus group.
The type species is named after Sapporo, Japan where the virus was first discovered following an outbreak of gastroenteritis in an orphanage.
Antibiotic treatment based on this diagnosis rapidly cured her infection, but further investigation proved the bacteria were of a formerly unknown species.
The Desulfobacterales are an order of sulfate-reducing bacteria, included among the Proteobacteria.
Diseases associated with this genus include: DCV: increased reproductive potential; extremely pathogenic when injected with high associated mortality; CrPV: paralysis and death.
The genome has three overlapping open reading frames or ORFs:
It has a low sequence similarity to other hantaviruses and serologically distinct from other hantaviruses.
It is slender, with many short branches, and is named after the Khatyspyt Formation.
A study in 2003 indicated that domestic cats infected with puma lentivirus or lion lentivirus began producing anti-FIV immune responses.
In developing countries, it is associated with 1.1 million hospitalizations, with an estimated 218,000 deaths.
Mesorhizobium plurifarium is a species of root nodule bacteria first isolated from Acacia species in Senegal.
They are a kind of foraminifera that extract minerals from their surroundings and use them to form an exoskeleton known as a test.
Streptomyces badius is a bacterium species from the genus of Streptomyces which has been isolated from soil in Kaukasus in Russia.
Its cells are strictly aerobic rods that produce subterminally located ellipsoidal spores.
There are currently only one species in this genus: the type species Grapevine fleck virus.
It is a member of the subfamily Gammaherpesvirinae in the family of Herpesviridae.
BiMoV is a flexuous filamentous particle 720 nm long and belongs to the Potyviridae genus Potyvirus.
Pediococcus is a genus of Gram-positive lactic acid bacteria, placed within the family of Lactobacillaceae.
The species was originally classified as a subspecies; its name is a combination derived from Staphylococcus sciuri subsp.
The virus was first isolated in Malaysia in 1956 from a hard tick of the Ixodes genus.
Citrivirus is a genus of viruses in the order Tymovirales, in the family Betaflexiviridae.
Labrys neptuniae is a bacterium from the family of Xanthobacteraceae which has been isolated from the root nodules from the plant Neptunia oleracea in Taiwan.
68 of the known serotypes are divided into two groups: the Phlebotomus fever viruses comprises 55 members and the Uukuniemi group comprises the remaining 13 members.
HHV-6A has been described as more neurovirulent, and as such is more frequently found in patients with neuroinflammatory diseases such as multiple sclerosis.
Composition is of hyaline calcite as in the Rotaliana and Globigerinana or aggultinated as in the Textulariana
Like other Legionella species, person-to-person transmission has not been documented.
There are three serotypes of poliovirus, PV1, PV2, and PV3.
The Rickettsiales, also called rickettsias, are an order of small proteobacteria.
Sporosarcina globispora, formerly known as Bacillus globisporus, is a Gram-positive, aerobic, round spore-forming bacillus.
The ventral rod and unlayered connecting rings were used to place this genus in the rod-bearing Baltoceratidae.
It is anaerobic, rod-shaped, motile and has polar flagella.
It does not seem to be transmissible mechanically or by seed.
Rhodomicrobium is a microaerobic to anaerobic, purple non-sulfur, cluster-building genus of bacteria.
Pseudomonas nitroreducens is an aerobic, Gram-negative soil bacterium first isolated from oil brine in Japan.
Prevotella albensis, previously known as Bacteroides ruminicola subsp.
Four species have been described: M. magnetotacticum strain MS-1 (originally classified as Aquaspirillum magnetotacticum; M. magneticum strain AMB-1; M. gryphiswaldense and M. bellicus.
Derxia lacustris is a Gram-negative, nitrogen-fixing, aerobic, motile bacterium of the genus Derxia, isolated from a freshwater lake in Taiwan.
Taï Forest virus is a close relative of the much more commonly known Ebola virus.
Bartonella washoensis is a bacterium from the genus of Bartonella which was first isolated from a dog with mitral valve endocarditis.
Studies show that extracts of G. furcata inhibit the growth of several human cancer cell lines, and can significantly lower blood glucose levels.
The thalli of some Desmarestia contain vacuoles of sulfuric acid with a pH as low as 0.44.
There can be more than ninety-seven zooids per branched stalk.
Like all Plasmodium species P. neusticuri has both vertebrate and insect hosts.
3,5-Dihydroxy-4-isopropyl-trans-stilbene is produced by P. luminescens bacterial symbiont of the nematode Heterorhabditis megidis.
Mobiluncus is a genus of Gram-negative, anaerobic, rod-shaped bacteria.
There are currently 50 species in this family, divided among 20 genera.
It causes death through a hemorrhagic shock.
Carnobacterium pleistocenium is recently discovered bacterium from the arctic part of Alaska.
It causes downy mildew on a vast number of cereal crops including oats, rice, maize, and wheat as well as varieties of turf grass.
Tectiviruses have no head-tail structure, but are capable of producing tail-like tubes of ~ 60×10 nm upon adsorption or after chloroform treatment.
The oocysts were found in the small and large intestines; the normal location in the host is unknown.
Being very well camouflaged for life on the varicolored trunks of trees, they have an interesting way of capturing prey.
It gained its name because it was discovered in well B19 of a large series of microtiter plates .
However, experimental evidence has shown that when injected into adult flies the virus is pathogenic as it causes the adult flies to die within 3–4 days.
Adenocystaceae F Rousseau, B de Reviers, M-C Leclerc, A Asensi, and R Delépine
Stopping the movement of animals during an outbreak may also be useful, as may decreasing mosquito numbers and avoiding their bites.
It is associated with active dental caries lesions.
It is a member of the nucleocytoplasmic large DNA viruses clade.
The other type, Type W isolates, does not infect papaya.
Lumpy skin disease is a disease caused by a virus of the family Poxviridae, also known as Neethling virus.
The majority of R. picketti and R. insidiosa isolates showed susceptibility to most of the antibiotics tested.
Plasmodium watteni is a parasite of the genus Plasmodium subgenus Vinckeia.
Phytophthora europaea is a non-papillate homothallic plant pathogen that mainly infects European oak.
The CCHF virus is typically spread by tick bites or contact with livestock carrying the disease.
Citrobacter species are differentiated by their ability to convert tryptophan to indole, ferment lactose, and use malonate.
Turnip crinkle virus is a plant pathogenic virus of the family Tombusviridae.
Pelistega europaea is a gram-negative, aerobic bacterium from the genus of Pelistega which can cause respiratory disease in pigeons.
A safe and effective vaccine against yellow fever exists and some countries require vaccinations for travelers.
A co-carcinogen is a chemical that promotes the effects of a carcinogen in the production of cancer.
Mycobacterium phage L5 is a bacteriophage known to infect bacterial species of the genus Mycobacterium.
Montano virus is a single-stranded, enveloped, negative sense RNA hantavirus species of the Bunyaviridae family.
A. agilis resembles protists with its ovoid, ellipsoidal, or coccoid cells.
It has been divided into 6 subspecies.
In recent years, very virulent strains of IBDV, causing severe mortality in chicken, have emerged in Europe, Latin America, South-East Asia, Africa and the Middle East.
Salmonella SopEphi is a virus of the family Myoviridae, genus P2likevirus.
It is a facultatively anaerobic, appendaged bacterium first isolated from the North Sea.
Humans, mammals, birds, and mosquitoes serve as natural hosts.
It was first isolated from soda lakes.
Their single-stranded, negative-sense RNA genome has six or seven segments.
Some have also speculated that viruses might have developed from them, or from organisms like them.
Most clinical isolates come from superinfected wounds that become contaminated at the beach.
Mesorhizobium ciceri is a gram-negative, nitrogen-fixing motile bacteria from the genus of Mesorhizobium which was isolated from Chickpea nodules of Cicer arietinum in Spain.
It and Mammites gave rise to the other genera in the subfamily.
The virus is an RNA virus of the genus Flavivirus.
Cocksfoot mottle virus is a pathogenic plant virus belonging to the genus Sobemovirus.
It can be identified by 16S ribosomal RNA sequencing, and is associated with bacterial vaginosis.
Yeosuana aromativorans is a species of non-motile aerobic marine bacterium that can degrade benzopyrene.
It is closely related to Pseudomonas putida.
The Globigerinida is an order of foraminiferans that are found as marine plankton.
This virus is transmitted by species of aphids and by mechanical inoculation.
It can also use uranium for its growth and convert U(VI) to U(IV).
It is Gram-negative, aerobic, motile, rod-shaped and was isolated from volcanic rock in the Roman catacombs of Saint Callixtus in Rome.
Bradyrhizobium oligotrophicum is a nitrogen-fixing bacteria from the genus of Bradyrhizobium which was isolated from rice paddy soil in Miyagi Prefecture in Japan.
Once contracted, it is highly contagious and can be fatal to the affected cat.
Humans, apes, pigs, and dogs serve as natural hosts.
Leptospira wolbachii is a saprophytic species of Leptospira.
the cells change the shape over time.
Cronobacter malonaticus, formerly considered a subspecies of Cronobacter sakazakii, is a bacterium.
Physarum polycephalum, literally the "many-headed slime", is a slime mold that inhabits shady, cool, moist areas, such as decaying leaves and logs.
There is currently only one species in this genus: the type species Furcraea necrotic streak virus.
Oxbow virus is a single-stranded, enveloped, negative-sense RNA hantavirus.
There are currently five species in this genus including the type species Idnoreovirus 1.
Along with ureaplasmas, mycoplasmas are the smallest free-living organisms known.
A. actinomycetemcomitans occurs in the human oral microflora, and together with anaerobic or capnophilic organisms may cause endocarditis.
It has also been detected in some skin carcinomas and premalignant keratoses.
Chromatium okenii is anaerobic and the cells are slightly curved or straight rods.
Bartonella talpae, formerly belonging to the Grahamella genus, is a proteobacterium.
They are straight or slightly curved and can appear long and filamentous.
It can cause infectious bronchitis in dogs and other animals,  but rarely infects humans.
The virus has been recognised by the European Commission's Standing Committee on the Food Chain and Animal Health and the Friedrich-Loeffler-Institut.
                    6
Autographivirinae is a subfamily of viruses in the order Caudovirales, in the family Podoviridae.
The species Nereocystis luetkeana was named after Fyodor Petrovich Litke by Mertens and then described by Postels and Ruprecht.
Mycobacterium kumamotonenseEtymology: kumamotonense, pertaining to Kumamoto Prefecture in Japan, where the type strain was isolated.
Members of the genus are found in shallow tropical and subtropical seas around Africa, Pakistan, India, Japan, Indonesia, Australia, Micronesia, the Caribbean, Venezuela and Brazil.
Trypanosoma phedinae is a species of excavates with flagellae first isolated from the Mascarene martin, Phedina borbonica, in Mauritius.
They further assist in coping with abiotic stress such as increased UV-radiation.
BPH also vectors rice grassy stunt virus.
Strains of this species were originally isolated from aquarium-raised dolphins suffering from skin lesions.
In climate controlled greenhouses it doesn't occur so often because of the lack of free water maintained by humidity settings in the climate computers.
Bifidobacteriales is an order of bacteria, in the subclass of Actinobacteridae.
C. burnetii is a small Gram-negative bacterium that is highly resistant to environmental stresses such as high temperature, osmotic pressure, and ultraviolet light.
Ericka Ralston was born Ericka Barrett in 1944 in Saratoga, California, and died in 2015 in Sebastopol, California.
The type species is the tropical Cylindrospermopsis raciborskii Seenayya & Subbaraju.
Pantoea is a genus of Gram-negative bacteria of the family Enterobacteriaceae, recently separated from the Enterobacter genus.
This bacterium is a concern in the livestock industry as it causes a significant reduction in the growing weight of pigs.
It is a member of the genus Leptospira.
The Sandfly group's natural reservoir is sandflys, while the natural reservoir for Uukuniemi is ticks.
MERS-CoV is the first betacoronavirus belonging to lineage C that is known to infect humans.
In 2008, by pyrosequencing of cDNA from the brains of several parrots suffering from proventricular dilatation disease, Honkavouri et al.
The type species, Plectolites costatus Flower, comes form the sponge beds of the Pogonip Formation in Ikes Canyon, Toquima Range, Nev.
Koi fish infected with KHV may die within the first 24-48 hours of exposure.
Currently, VESV is only a concern among Californian pig-farmers, otherwise, the disease is now, by and large, a historical curiosity.
They are characterised by the tall brown sporangia, supported on slender stalks, which grow in clusters on rotting wood.
Both species however are classified as belonging to the genus Brachyspira, together with Brachyspira pilosicoli.
The Deferribacteraceae are a family of gram-negative bacteria which make energy by anaerobic respiration.
A recent study of SIVcpz in wild living chimpanzees suggests that infected chimpanzees experience an AIDS-like illness similar to HIV-1 infected humans.
Entomoplasmatales is a small order of mollicute bacteria.
Field scouting is useful in tracking the disease presence and future management.
Following ribotypical analysis misidentified strains of Pseudomonas syringae pv.
The disease has a high risk of death, killing between 25 and 90 percent of those infected, with an average of about 50 percent.
Leptothrix discophora is one of several species of Leptothrix, known for its sheath, and iron-, manganese-, and recently arsenic-removing properties.
Wild potato mosaic virus is a plant pathogenic virus of the family Potyviridae.
The largest, Syringammina fragilissima, is among the largest known coenocytes, reaching up to 20 centimetres in diameter.
Diseases associated with this genus include: stunting, severe necrosis and early plant death.
Additionally, in 2011, three confirmed cases of F. novicida were found in a residential facility in Louisiana.
All species are aerobes found in water.
Karenia selliformis is a species from the genus Karenia, which are dinoflagellates.
The phospholipid pattern is PI and the fatty acid pattern is type 3a.
Sphingobium chlorophenolicum is a species of Proteobacteria.
Staphylococcus saprophyticus is a Gram-positive coccus belonging to the coagulase-negative Staphylococcus genus.
The Thermaerobacter are an unassigned genus of bacteria placed within the class clostridia.
There are currently six species in this genus including the type species Maclura mosaic virus.
In its natural host leukemia is rare but lymphoproliferation is rather frequent.
It was circumscribed by English naturalist Miles Joseph Berkeley in 1853.
Examples are the mouse mammary tumour virus, enzootic nasal tumour virus, and simian retrovirus types 1, 2 and 3.
Several of the species that were included in this subgenus have now been moved to a new subgenus Papernaia.
Pterygophora californica is a large species of kelp, commonly known as stalked kelp.
The phage was originally isolated from samples of raw sewage and infects E. coli.
The cells contained paired internal membranes which are arranged towards their periphery.
Grapevine virus E is a plant virus species in the genus Vitivirus.
Clevelandina reticulitermitidis is a species of spirochete that is symbiotic in wood-eating cockroaches and termites, the type species of its genus.
Sphingomonas yanoikuyae is a species of bacteria.
It has been shown that Acidovorax oryzae is serious pathogen fore rice.
In February 2014, PorCoV HKU15 was identified in pigs with clinical diarrhea disease in the U.S. state of Ohio.
Its type strain is LI3T  (= DSM 22826T  = NCCB 100315T).
As with most of the Ediacaran biota, scientists are yet to reach agreement on a firm classification for this enigmatic fossil.
The two isolates of this virus effect both wheat and barley.
Microcystaceae is family of cyanobacterial life which contains the harmful algal bloom Microcystis aeruginosa.
In women of European ancestry, Lactobacillus species are normally a major part of the vaginal microbiota.
Bundibugyo virus is a close relative of the much more commonly known Ebola virus.
Lactobacillus manihotivorans is a starch-hydrolysing lactic acid bacterium first isolated during Cassava sour starch fermentation.
Thermoanaerobacterium aotearoense is a slightly acidophilic, anaerobic thermophile first isolated from hot springs in New Zealand, hence its name.
Its effects are most notable in domestic poultry due to their high susceptibility and the potential for severe impacts of an epizootic on the poultry industries.
Genus Betatetravirus; type species: Nudaurelia capensis β virus
Arctoptychites is a genus of extinct cephalopods belonging to the ceratitid family Ptychitidae, and related to such genera as Ptychites and Aristoptychites; all from the Triassic.
This bacterium is a ubiquitous plant pathogen with a wide host range, able to cause disease in almost any plant tissue it invades.
The majority of karyorelict taxa are unculturable, although clonal lines of Loxodes have been developed.
'Pseudomonas' boreopolis is a species of Gram-negative proteobacteria.
Streptomyces lydicus produces actithiazic acid, natamycin, lydimycin, streptolydigin, and 1-deoxygalactonojirimycin.
Novel viral RNA is then transferred to the cytoplasm for translation and subsequent protein synthesis.
Actinomyces georgiae is a species in the genus of Actinomyces.
There are currently 11 species in this genus.
These nektonic carnivores lived during the Jurassic period, Kimmeridgian age.
WNV is found in temperate and tropical regions of the world.
The most recent occurred in Andhra Pradesh and Maharashtra in June–August 2003 with 329 children affected and 183 deaths.
Akkermansia muciniphila is a species of human intestinal mucin-degrading bacterium, the type species for a new genus, Akkermansia, proposed in 2004 by Muriel Derrien and others.
The vertebrate hosts for this parasite are reptiles.
Methylobacterium rhodinum is a Gram-negative soil bacterium.
It is anaerobic, syntrophic and fatty acid-oxidizing.
Azonexus fungiphilus is a species of bacteria.
Achromobacter xylosoxidans is a Gram-negative, aerobic, oxidase and catalase-positive, motile bacterium with peritrichous flagella, from the genus Achromobacter.
The diseases derived from arenaviruses range in severity.
Those who are slightly ill and children are at particular risk of contracting echovirus 9.
Entomobirnavirus is a genus of viruses, in the family Birnaviridae.
The Textulariana, which contains forms that are rather similar, differs in be agglutinated.
It is anaerobic, dehalogenating, sulfate-reducing, Gram-negative, non-motile, non-spore-forming and rod-shaped.
Closterovirus, also known as beet yellows viral group, is a genus of viruses, in the family Closteroviridae.
It is named after the Swiss ophthalmologist Victor Morax.
the virions are non-enveloped, icosahedral, and about 30 nanometers in diameter
Xanthobacter autotrophicus can utilize 1,2-dichloroethane, methanol and propane.
A novel and well-recognized use for SeV is the fusion of eukaryotic cells, especially to produce hybridoma cells capable of manufacturing monoclonal antibodies in large quantities.
It is a root bacteria and is the only known species of its genus.
Such a lifestyle requires a very high surface area to volume ratio - higher than is observed in fossils.
This leads to the secretion of phenolic compounds like acetosyringone which have chemotactic effects that attract the bacteria.
Plasmodium vaughani is a parasite of the genus Plasmodium subgenus Novyella.
                
Of those infected with RSV, 2–3% will develop bronchiolitis, necessitating hospitalization.
Wild and ornamental species of Prunus may also become infected by some strains of the virus.
The type strain is originally from a milk powder manufacturing facility.
The special interest in S. oneidensis MR-1 revolves around its behavior in an anaerobic environment contaminated by heavy metals such as iron, lead and uranium.
This work was followed by another paper in 2005 by Campanaro et al.
The species has been implicated in periodontal disease, as well as various tooth cavities.
Prior to 1969, this species was referred to as strains of Bacillus constellatus.
Banana Xanthomonas Wilt, or banana bacterial wilt or enset wilt is a bacterial disease caused by Xanthomonas campestris pv.
There is currently only one species in this genus: the type species Teschovirus A, which is responsible for the porcine enteroviral encephalomyelitis disease caused in pigs.
Some species of Micrococcus, such as M. luteus and M. roseus produce yellow or pink colonies when grown on mannitol salt agar.
Leptospira noguchii is a gram-negative, pathogenic organism.
Cyanobacteria are an ancient line of photosynthesizing bacteria, which photolyze water generating oxygen gas.
Goats are the only species affected, therefore the disease is not a zoonosis.
It is now distributed across much of the world, but is largely absent from tropical regions.
It differs with T. eccentrica in the value processes and distribution patterns.
Newcastle disease is a contagious viral bird disease affecting many domestic and wild avian species; it is transmissible to humans.
Upon its discovery, P22 has been used in generalized transduction and is an important tool for Salmonella genetics.
Like all Plasmodium species P. basilisci has both vertebrate and insect hosts.
Field trials in Indonesia indicate that with a rice ragged stunt incidence of 34–76%, grain yields are only 17–47% of healthy plant yields.
Burkholderia sacchari is a species of bacteria in the phylum Proteobacteria.
sepedonicus are the main diseases that cause substantial economic losses worldwide by damaging tomatoes and potatoes.
Bacteroides species are non-endospore-forming bacilli, and may be either motile or non-motile, depending on the species.
Human, cattle, and dog serve as natural hosts.
Xanthomonas translucens is a species of phytopathogenic bacteria, the causal agent of bacterial leaf streak.
Sandfly fever induces myalgia, fever, and elevated liver enzymes in humans.
Several species are known to cause disease in freshwater fish.
Stenotrophomonas nitritireducens is a yellow-pigmented bacteria, named after its quality to reduce nitrite.
There is currently only one species in this genus: the type species Olive latent virus 2.
Spiroplasma is a genus of Mollicutes, a group of small bacteria without cell walls.
Macavirus is a genus of viruses in the order Herpesvirales, in the family Herpesviridae, in the subfamily Gammaherpesvirinae.
Bacteria and archaea serve as natural hosts.
Enterovirus 70: causes outbreaks of acute hemorrhagic conjunctivitis.
Vertebrates and invertebrates serve as natural hosts.
It is a Gram-positive, rod-shaped, strictly aerobic, spore-forming, moderately halophilic bacterium.
The virus antibodies were found in several species of penguin and antibodies were found in humans.
Spironemidae is a family of heterotrophic flagellates.
This family is characterized as having chloroplastic viroids with hammerhead ribozymes.
In 2014, a protein was described called Protein M from M. genitalium.
These data further define the mechanism of hnRNP C1/C2 nuclear import and demonstrate that the impact of EBOV VP24 on nuclear import extends beyond STAT1.
The genus name Norovirus is derived from Norwalk virus, the only species of the genus.
The virus replicates in the cells of the crypt epithelium in the duodenum and jejunum and, to a lesser extent the ileum, colon and caecum.
It has been revised by Landau et al and currently contains only those species with a white/blue globule in the cytoplasm.
Arcobacter ebronensis is a species of bacteria first recovered from mussels, with type strain F128-2T.
Members of the Klebsiella genus typically express two types of antigens on their cell surfaces.
The zoospores will then pair off, undergo plasmogamy, and form zygotes that will later form new plasmodia.
Erythrobacter longus is a species of bacteria, the genus' type species.
Shows nine recognized species with two more accepted as Miliolinella and one other as Quinqueloculina.
The aperture consists of a double row of pores on the apertural face.
Plasmodium arachniformis is a parasite of the genus Plasmodium.
Barley yellow striate mosaic virus is a plant pathogenic virus of the family Rhabdoviridae.
There are three genome sequenced and identified exogenous retroviruses of this genus which include two known types associated with walleye epidermal hyperplasia disease.
Diseases associated with this genus include: probably gastroenteritis.
The disease is caused by a single-stranded DNA virus simply called "IHHN virus", the smallest of the known penaeid shrimp viruses.
Gyrovirus is a genus of viruses, in the family Anelloviridae.
In spinach the pathogen is responsible for the black root "rot" that can damage plants.
It is a gram-negative, oxidase-positive rod in the alpha-2 subgroup of the class Proteobacteria.
The causative agent, bovine viral diarrhea virus is a member of the Pestivirus genus of the family Flaviviridae.
Plasmodium draconis is a parasite of the genus Plasmodium subgenus Asiamoeba.
Whorl section sub quadrate, higher than wide.
Hamiltonella defensa is a species of bacteria, that lives as a endosymbiont of aphids.
Enterococcus haemoperoxidus is a species of Enterococcus with type strain CCM 4851T.
                
Streptomyces chromofuscus produces phospholipase D, herboxidiene, pentalenolactone O and carazostatins.
Virions have a complex structure and is consistent with the structure of the poxvirus family: a surface membrane, a core, and lateral bodies.
B. petroleovorans has the ability to degrade cyclohexane and aromatic compounds such as toluene and m-cresol.
There are currently 69 species in this family, divided among 28 genera, which are divided into two subfamilies.
The Nostocaceae are a family of cyanobacteria that forms filament-shaped colonies enclosed in mucus or a gelatinous sheath.
Vibrio is a genus of Gram-negative bacteria, possessing a curved-rod shape, several species of which can cause foodborne infection, usually associated with eating undercooked seafood.
The genus contains only a single species, Nemoderma tingitanum.
Leptospira kirschneri is a Gram negative, obligate aerobe species of spirochete bacteria.
Venters are usually keeled and may be tricarinate.
Pythium deliense is a plant pathogen infecting potato and beet.
Annual members of this genus can produce and store sulfuric acid in intracellular vacuoles.
Like all Plasmodium species P. papernai has both vertebrate and insect hosts.
These viruses have double stranded DNA genomes with no RNA intermediate.
Some isolates can cause death of animals within as quickly as a week after infection.
Clostridium paraputrificum is an anaerobic, motile, gram-positive bacterium.
Unlike other forms of ehrlichiosis, Neorickettsia sennetsu is transmitted by trematodes from fish.
Carpophyllum maschalocarpum, commonly known as flapjack, is a brown alga that grows in crevices of rocks at low tide levels.
The Navicula genus of diatoms comprises over 1,200 species.
A dietary supplement is made from A. platensis and A. maxima, known as spirulina.
In total, there are more than 130 herpesviruses, some of them from mammals, birds, fish, reptiles, amphibians, and mollusks.
Awareness of a possible health risk with potting mix protected against illness.
These bacteria are easily cultured and grown.
It encompasses the single type species of the Torque Teno Felis Virus.
                +
Common names: Middle American rattlesnake, Central American rattlesnake, tzabcan
There are two types of inclusions found in leaf strips stained with Azure A, one is vacuolate and the other more crystalloid.
Plasmodium garnhami is a parasite of the genus Plasmodium.
Colorado tick fever is a viral infection transmitted from the bite of an infected Rocky Mountain wood tick.
The disease is endemic in the mid-Atlantic and Ohio River Valley regions and in the southern portion of the Corn Belt.
Helicobacter canis is a bacterium in the Helicobacteraceae family, Campylobacterales order.
By comparison, other viruses, such as smallpox and vaccinia, are around 10 times larger at about 300 nanometers; while flu viruses are around 80–120nm.
Albugo ipomoeae-panduratae, White Rust, is an oomycete plant pathogen, although many discussions still treat it as a fungal organism.
Bartonella schoenbuchensis is a bacterium from the genus of Bartonella which was isolated from the fly Lipoptena cervi, also known as the deer ked.
Its rod-like cells were localized within wild rabbit erythrocytes when first described.
Antibiotics have no effect on viruses, but several antiviral drugs have been developed.
Like all Plasmodium species P. tumbayaensis has both vertebrate and insect hosts.
Like all Plasmodium species P. cordyli has both vertebrate and insect hosts.
This bacterium also breaks down plant matter releasing hydrogen into the atmosphere and possibly methane gas.
A rising antibody titer to CAV-1 is also seen.
Besides structural and enzymatic genes required for virion production, BLV contains an oncogene coding for a protein called Tax and expresses microRNAs of unknown function.
Ligamenvirales is an order of linear viruses that infect archaea of the kingdom Crenarchaeota and have double-stranded DNA genomes.
Streptococcus sobrinus is a Gram-positive, catalase-negative, non-motile, and anaerobic member of the genus Streptococcus.
In April 2016 Bulgaria contacted the World Food Organisation for assistance in dealing with an epidemic.
One of the 1O2 induced sRNAs SorY was shown to be induced under several stress conditions and conferred resistance against 1O2 by affecting a metabolite transporter.
An experiment recently examined the frequency of correct identification of Alcaligenes species by microbiology labs affiliated with American CF patient care centers.
Louping-ill is a tick-transmitted disease whose occurrence is closely related to the distribution of the primary vector, the sheep tick Ixodes ricinus.
Other virus transmission routes for arboviruses include handling infected animal carcasses, blood transfusion, child birth and through consumption of unpasteurised milk products.
Vibrio campbellii is a Gram-negative, curved rod-shaped, marine bacterium closely related to its sister species, Vibrio harveyi.
        
However they lack key characteristics that are generally considered necessary to count as life.
It is a member of the Pospiviroidae family and the Hostuviroid genus.
It is one of the HACEK organisms.
Together with other Bartonella-species, it can cause disease in animals.
Kupe virus is a virus in the genus Nairovirus, family Bunyaviridae.
Numerous strains have been isolated from environments contaminated with toxic compounds, where they display the ability to use the contaminants as nutrients.
The classification has been attributed to Müller.
                    +
Based on 16S rRNA analysis, P. mandelii has been placed in the P. fluorescens group.
However, C. amycolatum is actually an opportunistic pathogen capable of causing serious human disease such as endocarditis and sepsis.
Extant families include the Hantkeninidae, Globorotaliidae, and Globigeninidae, which compare with the superfamilies in Sen Gupta, 2002.
The Gomphosphaeriaceae is a family of cyanobacteria.
All members of the genus are motile and have polar flagella with sheaths.
Gammasphaerolipovirus is a proposed genus of double stranded DNA viruses that infect thermophilic bacteria.
It causes infections and related diseases primarily in pinnipeds and cetaceans.
Klebsiella granulomatis is Gram-negative, rod-shaped bacterium of the genus Klebsiella known to cause the sexually transmitted disease granuloma inguinale.
To identify other Acinetobacter species genotyping is required.
Dichotomicrobium is a genus of bacteria from the family of Hyphomicrobiaceae.
Note that when the term 'spe'A is italicized, the reference is to the gene.
Like other herpesviruses, its informal name is used interchangeably with its ICTV name.
It is endospore-forming, long, straight to curved rod-shaped and with type strain SEBR 3139T.
This virus causes no impact on yield or appearance.
Allogromiids produce relatively simple tests, usually with a single chamber, similar to those of other protists such as Gromia.
It is notable for respiring oxyanions of selenium and arsenic.
The former is thought to be the main host.
Plasmodium brumpti is a parasite of the genus Plasmodium subgenus Lacertamoeba.
Actinobacillus is a genus of Gram-negative, nonmotile and nonspore-forming, oval to rod-shaped bacteria occurring as parasites or pathogens in mammals, birds, and reptiles.
Although the name Streptococcus equisimilis is no longer valid, it is still encountered both in clinical practice, and in scientific journals.
Behavioural symptoms may include disorientation, hyperactivity and potentially isolation, in which the specimen detaches themselves from the shoal.
Compared to the patients who did not receive ribavirin, the patient who was treated with it had a shorter and less severe clinical course.
Both Cedecea and Serratia are lipase positive and resistant to colistin and cephalothin; however, Cedecea is unable to hydrolyze gelatin or DNA.
It was originally isolated from the biopsies and nasal swabs of Rhinosporidiosis patients.
It is named after Turicum, the Latin name of Zurich, as the type strain originates from there.
Achromobacter spanius is a Gram-negative, oxidase- and catalase-positive, rod-shaped bacterium from the genus Achromobacter isolated from various human clinical samples.
Plasmopara helianthi f. helianthi is a plant pathogen infecting sunflowers.
It is one of the world's most common parasitic microbes and is possibly the most common reproductive parasite in the biosphere.
A 2014 estimate suggests that there are 18 species in the genus.
This phage is closely related to T7 phage in structure though the two viruses may differ in capsid maturation.
It appears to be more closely related to the Uukuniemi virus serogroup than to the Sandfly fever group.
These genes code for nucleoprotein, phosphoprotein, matrix protein, glycoprotein and the viral RNA polymerase.
Senecavirus is a genus of viruses in the order Picornavirales, in the family Picornaviridae.
Streptomyces albidochromogenes is a bacterium species from the genus of Streptomyces.
The most recent species of parapoxviruses has been found in New Zealand Red Deer.
Deep ocean currents affect the dispersal of Sulfurimonas spp., influencing its' speciation.
Streptomyces marinus is a bacterium species from the genus of Streptomyces which has been isolated from the sponge Haliclona sp.
It is a member of the subfamily Gammaherpesvirinae in the family Herpesviridae.
There is currently only one species in this genus: the type species Eragrostis curvula streak virus.
Human and mammals serve as natural hosts.
Diagnosis is by detecting antibodies, the virus's RNA, or the virus itself.
The protein H of the tail fiber of Yersinia phage L-413C permits the differentiation between Yersinia pestis and Y. pseudotuberculosis.
Infection can occur in cattle of any age, but it is most commonly seen between the ages of 6 and 18 months.
Sea star-associated densovirus belongs to the Parvoviridae family.
BPMV is the viral pathogen that causes the disease Bean Pod Mottle in soybeans and other legumes such as snap peas.
Procymatoceras has its origin in the earliest Nautilidae, in Cenoceras.
Wigglesworthia also synthesizes key B-complex vitamins which the tsetse fly does not get from its diet of blood.
Chelativorans oligotrophicus is a Gram-negative, aerobic, non-motile bacteria from the genus of Chelativorans.
The second-generation bean leaf beetle peak should be checked during pod-fill in August.
Virus SNJ1 is the type species and currently the only member of the genus.
Achromobacter cholinophagum is a Gram-negative bacterium of the genus Achromobacter.
Palaeosaurus is a genus of indeterminate archosaur from the Magnesian Conglomerate of Bristol, England.
Leuconostoc is a genus of Gram-positive bacteria, placed within the family of Leuconostocaceae.
Streptomyces kebangsaanensis produces the antibiotic tubermycin B.
Mink enteritis virus is a species of parvovirus that infects mink and causes enteritis.
Staphylococcus cohnii is a Gram-positive, coagulase-negative member of the bacterial genus Staphylococcus consisting of clustered cocci.
Canine distemper is caused by a single-stranded RNA virus of the family Paramyxoviridae.
The disease was first discovered in Gumboro, Delaware in 1962.
Clostridium autoethanogenum is an anaerobic bacterium that produces ethanol from carbon monoxide, in so-called syngas fermentation, being one of the few known microorganisms to do so.
The vertebrate hosts for this parasite are birds.
It is notable for the prevalence of horizontal gene transfers in its evolution, possibly due to dormancy because of its habitat.
Tensaw virus is a virus in the genus Orthobunyavirus of the Bunyamwera arbovirus group, family Bunyaviridae.
This motile bacillus is a Gram negative, facultative anaerobe.
Microbispora corallina is a bacterium with type strain DF-32T.
M. caprae is a causative agent of tuberculosis in humans.
Unlike other diatoms P. tricornutum can exist in different morphotypes, and changes in cell shape can be stimulated by environmental conditions.
Birds and pigs serve as natural hosts, though dogs have been shown to be infected as well.
The HIV-1 group M viruses predominate and are responsible for the AIDS pandemic.
It is usually not fatal to the plant, but in severe cases the beets will become hollowed and unmarketable.
Abaca bract mosaic virus is a plant pathogenic virus of the family Potyviridae.
Plasmodium eylesi is a parasite of the genus Plasmodium subgenus Plasmodium.
Its sporocarps are short; their sporotheca is pale yellow with an orange stalk and their spores have a diameter of 7.5 μm.
The virus can only be transmitted by BPH and is not mechanically transmitted to plants.
The disease is also known as bacterial wilt or bacterial leaf blight and has shown to be quite problematic in sweet corn.
Chloris striate mosaic virus is a plant pathogenic virus of the family Geminiviridae.
Although it can be considered an uncommon pathogen in humans, there has been substantial evidence of septic episodes in human beings.
Humans and monkeys serve as natural hosts.
Vibrio phage K139 is a bacteriophage of the family Myoviridae, genus Hpunalikevirus.
Like all Plasmodium species P. josephinae has both vertebrate and insect hosts.
Different strains of S. fradiae are known to produce the antibiotics neomycin, tylosin, and fosfomycin.
If a biopsy of the cerebral spinal fluid is taken it is sent to a specialized laboratory for testing.
Ventro-lateral shoulders are narrowly rounded or angular.
This conversion is an important and crucial stage in the nitrogen cycle.
Macrocystis is a monospecific genus of kelp.
Harmanoceras was named by Teichert and Glenister in 1952.
It can occasionally cause opportunistic infections of humans.
In 1927 yellow fever virus became the first human virus to be isolated.
More than 50 species of plants are potential hosts for Wound tumor virus.
The virus, like other members of its genus, is transmitted by aphids.
They range in size from about 10 mm to 18 mm long.
The vertebrate hosts for this parasite are birds.
Clostridium estertheticum is an anaerobic, psychrophilic, motile, gram-positive bacterium.
They are rapidly growing ubiquitous environmental organisms that normally inhabit soil, dust and water.
Streptomyces noursei is a bacterium species in the genus Streptomyces.
Also while many probiotics have major allergens in the growth solution, GLB44 has no major allergens as part of its growth medium.
It has emerged as a potential probiotic that has shown promising results in animal and human experiments, though some of the results are limited.
It also produces a chitinase A able to produce protoplasts from Schizophyllum commune cultured mycelia.
Streptomyces griseoloalbus is a bacterium species from the genus of Streptomyces which has been isolated from soil.
The Coccolithales has long been considered one of only two orders in the Coccolithophyceae, the other order being the Isochrysidales.
It was first discovered in the US in 1988 among salmon returning from the Pacific in Washington State.
Plasmodium relictum or Plasmodium biziurae is a parasite of the genus Plasmodium.
At present, Chlamydiae and Chlamydiales are essentially synonymous.
Smallpox was responsible for an estimated 300–500 million deaths during the 20th century.
Bat adenovirus TJM is a novel species of the Mastadenovirus genus of the family Adenoviridae.
Paenibacillus macerans is a diazotroph bacterium found in soil and plants capable of nitrogen fixation and fermentation.
There are currently four species in this family, divided among 1 genera.
It did not differ from Mycobacterium tuberculosis in the biochemical tests and in its 16S rRNA sequence.
Reston virus is named after Reston, Virginia, US, where the virus was first discovered.
Transmissible gastroenteritis coronavirus is a virus belonging to the family Coronaviridae, genus Alphacoronavirus, species Alphacoronavirus 1.
This organism is thermophilic and can grow at temperatures from 35 °C to 70 °C.
Plasmodium gallinaceum is a species of the genus Plasmodium that causes malaria in poultry.
Chancroid starts as an erythematous papular lesion that breaks down into a painful bleeding ulcer with a necrotic base and ragged edge.
                e
Sphingobium indicum is a hexachlorocyclohexane-degrading bacteria with type strain MTCC 6364T.
Citrus psorosis virus is a plant pathogenic virus infecting citrus plants worldwide.
The antibody reaction plays an important role in decreasing levels of viremia.
First reported in 2007, it was isolated from a rock surface colonized with lichens.
Members of this family infect a wide array of hosts and have been divided into two subfamilies, which infect either vertebrates or invertebrates.
This makes molecular genetic studies much easier.
As a member of the group I of the Baltimore classification, Ralstonia phage RSA1 is a dsDNA viruses.
Williamson obtained her PhD from the University of Witwatersrand in 1985.
There is currently only one species in this genus: the type species Pseudomonas phage φ6.
The genus name comes from the type species POTato Virus X).
Methylocella is a genus of bacteria from the family of Beijerinckiaceae.
Infectious canine hepatitis is an acute liver infection in dogs caused by canine adenovirus type-1.
It is a salt-loving organism requiring about 2% NaCl for growth.
This is an opportunistic Gram-negative, rod-shaped, pathogenic bacterium that can live in very dry places.
It is responsible for a type of mosquito-borne non-lethal but debilitating tropical disease known as Ross River fever, previously termed "epidemic polyarthritis".
The Paenibacillaceae are a family of Gram-positive bacteria.
Pseudomonas antarctica is a psychrophilic, Gram-negative, motile with a polar flagellum, rod-shaped bacterium isolated from cyanobacterial mats in Antarctica.
Chordopoxvirinae is a subfamily of viruses, in the family Poxviridae.
Under Gram staining, C. difficile cells are Gram-positive and show optimum growth on blood agar at human body temperatures in the absence of oxygen.
Animals with SFV do not display symptoms or become ill.
Legionella oakridgensis is a Gram-negative bacterium from the genus Legionella which was isolated from industrial cooling tower waters.
There is currently only one species in this genus: the type species Lymphocystis disease virus 1.
The phylogenetic analysis of Collins was the first large-scale comparison of 16S rRNA gene sequences of species of the genus Clostridium and related taxa.
Isla Vista virus is an enveloped, single-stranded, negative-sense RNA hantavirus species of the Bunyaviridae family.
It grows in less than a week on solid medium.
Symptoms and virus inclusions of Tobacco ringspot nepovirus in the host Zamia furfuracea, the Cardboard Cycad.
This microbe, with its ability to produce lactic acid, can be of great benefit to human skin care by acting as a chemical exfoliant.
RESTV was discovered in crab-eating macaques from Hazleton Laboratories in 1989.
Members of this genus can be either annual or perennial.
To replicate its genetic content requires host cell DNA polymerases and, hence, the process is highly dependent on the cell cycle.
Its size range from 10 to 400 micrometers.
The symptoms of infection resemble those of M. tuberculosis.
oryzae is a bacterium which causes a serious blight of rice, other grasses and sedges.
BoHV-1 can cause both clinical and subclinical infections, depending on the virulence of the strain.
It can cause encephalitis, an infection of the brain.
Streptococcus orisratti is a species of oral Streptococcus bacteria first isolated from Sprague–Dawley rats, hence its name.
The Tymovirales are a newly established order of viruses in the 2009 classification with four families.
It is part of the vaginal flora.
Enterobacteria phage T4 is a bacteriophage that infects Escherichia coli bacteria.
There are 4 types of MCV, MCV-1 to -4.
Bartonella henselae is the organism responsible for cat scratch disease.
A draft genome of S. simiae  was sequenced.
Physarum is a genus of mycetozoan slime molds containing the following species:
Another extremely similar metamonad termite symbiote is Mixotricha paradoxa.
Vancomycin-resistant E. faecium is often referred to as VRE.
They are small RNA viruses with linear, positive-sense, single-stranded RNA genomes that encode only four proteins.
Pelobacteraceae is a bacterial family in the order Desulfuromonadales.
It is known to produce a toxin, called tolaasin, which is responsible for the brown blotches associated with the disease.
This virus alone does not cause symptoms in carrots, but in connection with Carrot red leaf virus causes yellowing, reddening of leaves and yield loss.
They have a sporphytic thallus usually aggregated to form a pseudo parenchyma.
Dickeya didantii is a gram-negative bacillus that belongs to the family Enterobacteriaceae.
A study conducted in Taiwan sought to test this correlation by using nucleic acid to extract Clostridium chauvoei from the soil before and after flooding.
High capacity of secretion of the alkaline serine protease has made B. licheniformis one of the most important bacteria in industrial enzyme production.
Aperture a low or high arch at the base of the final chamber or terminal in uniserial stage.
Distribution of avian orthoreovirus is worldwide and it is present in most poutry flocks.
Streptomyces inusitatus is a bacterium species from the genus of Streptomyces which has been isolated from soil.
The Allogromiida is an order of single-chambered, mostly organic-walled foraminiferans, including some that produce agglutinated tests.
Prospect Hill virus is a single-stranded, negative-sense Hantaan-like zoonotic RNA virus isolated from meadow voles and microtine and other cricetid rodents in the United States.
It is native to Southern and Eastern Africa.
There are currently three species in this genus, including the type species Salmonella phage FelixO1.
Leptospira alexanderi is a species of Leptospira.
There is no evidence of human-to-human transmission of Seoul virus.
This was based on a lack of evident glycogen production and on resistance to the antibiotic sulfadiazine.
Oceanobacillus kimchii is a bacterium, named after kimchi, where the first isolate was found.
Rhizobium lusitanum is a Gram negative root nodule bacteria, specifically nodulating Phaseolus vulgaris.
The bacteria M. synoviae is a member of the mycoplasma genus.
In a study on the enterococcal flora of swine, E. malodoratus was found in the intestines and feces.
Their name comes from the Latin partitius which means divided and they are called this as they have segmented genomes.
The bacterium causes ovine brucellosis, along with Brucella ovis.
Co-immunoprecipitation studies demonstrate that hnRNP C1/C2 interacts with multiple KPNA family members, including KPNA1.
The virus particles have an isometric or spherical shape.
are performing anoxygenic photosynthesis under anoxic conditions in a similar way as other bacterial genera among the alpha-Proteobacteria.
Orthoreovirus is a genus of viruses, in the family Reoviridae, in the subfamily Spinareovirinae.
Some of the strains are naphtalene degraders and one strain isolated in New Zealand has demonstrated the potential to oxidize inorganic sulfur compounds to tetrathionate.
Both viruses, and some of their lesser known relatives, cause severe disease in humans and nonhuman primates in the form of viral hemorrhagic fevers.
It belongs to one of the earliest branching order of Bacteria.
Known vectors include species of Nycteribiid flies.
Kerstersia similis is a gram-negative bacterium of the genus of Kerstersia which was isolated from human clinical samples.
Sutures are straight across the venter, but form a broad shallow lobe on the dorsum.
It also causes disease in red grouse, and can affect humans.
This economically important, panzootic disease causes reproductive failure in breeding stock and respiratory tract illness in young pigs.
Nevertheless, clinical diseases due to Listeria monocytogenes are more frequently recognized by veterinarians, especially as meningoencephalitis in ruminants.
Pedobacter nyackensis is a species of Gram-negative, rod-shaped, non-spore-forming eubacterial species.
Bartonella silvatica is an oxidase- and catalase-negative bacterium from the genus Bartonella isolated from the blood of the large Japanese field mouse Apodemus speciosus.
This was the first demonstration that a virus could cause cancer in mammals.
Augustoceras is a genus of nautiloid cephalopods included in the order Oncocerida and family Valcouroceratidae.
Human herpesvirus 6 is the common collective name for human herpesvirus 6A and human herpesvirus 6B.
Rhizobium mongolense is a Gram negative root nodule bacteria, which nodulates and forms nitrogen-fixing symbioses with Medicago ruthenica.
Bacteria do not, in general, play a large role in microbial communities of hypersaline brines at or approaching NaCl saturation.
Marek's disease is caused by an alphaherpesvirus known as 'Marek's disease virus' or Gallid herpesvirus 2.
Within the genus there are at least 173 species, 5 varieties and 1 subspecies.
The flowers which may be smaller than usual may also be streaked or blotched.
Like all Plasmodium species P. cyclopsi has both vertebrate and insect hosts.
Tepidimonas is a genus of Gram-negative, strictly aerobic, oxidase- and catalase-positive, rod-shaped, slightly thermophilic bacteria from the family Comamonadaceae.
Two other species—Isospora uralica from the field mouse Apodemus sylvaticus and Isospora ordubadica from the gerbil Meriones persicus—differ in size and other details.
The species has a single virus member, Sudan virus.
It is part of the normal flora of water and soil of tropical and sub-tropical regions of the world.
The virus is transmitted by the insect vector Hyperomyzus lactucae the insect can become infected by feeding on an infected plant.
There are currently six species in this family, divided among 4 genera.
Streptomyces chattanoogensis produces natamycin, pimaricin and tennecetin.
It differs from other Schizochytrium species in its limaciform amoeboid cells, the size of its zoospores, and its assimilation profile of carbon sources.
Rivularia is a genus of cyanobacteria of the family Rivulariaceae.
There are currently 33 species in this family, divided among 6 genera.
One estimate suggests that PLRV is responsible for an annual global yield loss of 20 million tons.
Microbulbifer is a genus of Proteobacteria found in high-salt environments.
Originally thought to be an RNA phage, it contains a DNA genome of about 14,000 base pairs in an icosahedral capsid with a two-layer capsid shell.
Epsilonpapillomavirus is a genus of viruses, in the family Papillomaviridae.
Candidatus Burkholderia calva is a bacterium from the genus of Burkholderia and the family Burkholderiaceae.
Some strains are harmful to humans and cause foodborne illness, while other strains can be beneficial as probiotics for animals.
Vagococcus penaei is a species of bacteria.
Cowdriosis is notifiable to the World Organisation for Animal Health.
Acetobacter cerevisiae is a species of Gram negative acetic acid bacteria.
Mycobacterium fluoranthenivorans is a species of the phylum actinobacteria, belonging to the genus mycobacterium.
Rouxiella chamberiensis is a member of the Enterobacteriaceae family, and is the only member of the genus Rouxiella described so far.
Sigmavirus is a genus of viruses in the family Rhabdoviridae, order Mononegavirales.
B19 virus is most known for causing disease in the pediatric population; however, it can also affect adults.
Pseudoalteromonas prydzensis is a marine bacterium isolated from Antarctic sea ice.
Comamonas terrae is a bacterium from the genus Comamonas, which was isolated from agricultural soil in Thailand.
Streptomyces daghestanicus is a bacterium species from the genus of Streptomyces which has been isolated from soil in Daghestan in Russia.
V. major produced a more serious disease and had an overall mortality rate of 30–35 percent.
Semliki Forest virus is spread mainly by mosquito bites.
Curvibacter is a genus of comamonad bacteria.
Streptomyces demainii is a bacterium species from the genus of Streptomyces.
In 2013, yellow fever resulted in about 127,000 severe infections and 45,000 deaths, with nearly 90% of these occurring in Africa.
This can lead to the formation of struvite calculi or renal stones.
Alenquer virus was included in the Control of Communicable Diseases Manual from the 14th through the 17th editions.
Carnation mottle virus is a plant pathogenic virus of the family Tombusviridae.
Human astroviruses have been shown in numerous studies to be an important cause of gastroenteritis in young children worldwide.
It is known to cause infections and is not susceptible to penicillins nor cephalosporins.
Its genome is about 6,800 nucleotides in length and contains five major open reading frames.
Group A streptococci when grown on blood agar typically produces small zones of beta-hemolysis, a complete destruction of red blood cells.
Alcaligenes is a genus of Gram-negative, aerobic, rod-shaped bacteria.
Carnation etched ring virus is a plant pathogenic virus of the family Caulimoviridae.
Aminobacter niigataensis is a bacterium from the genus of Aminobacter which was isolated from soil.
There are currently six species in this genus including the type species Betapapillomavirus 1.
Plasmodium forresteri is a parasite of the genus Plasmodium.
Orthohepadnavirus is a genus of viruses, in the family Hepadnaviridae.
Micromonospora chokoriensis is an endophytic actinomycete first isolated from sandy soil in Bangladesh; it produces single, non-motile nodular spore surfaces.
The range of host cells that a virus can infect is called its "host range".
Depending on the isolate, the virus comprises four to five rod-shaped particles, each containing a different positive sense RNA.
Cells are gram-negative and non-motile rods of variable length.
It is a budding bacterium with variable bacteriochlorophyll a production.
Arthrospira is a genus of free-floating filamentous cyanobacteria characterized by cylindrical, multicellular trichomes in an open left-hand helix.
Morania is a genus of cyanobacterium preserved as carbonaceous films in the Middle Cambrian Burgess Shale.
Pedomicrobium manganicum has the ability to bind MnO2
Geminiviridae is a family of plant viruses.
The disease has been documented in South America, the United States, Australia, Germany and Hungary.
Lagomorph and squirrels serve as natural hosts.
C. matruchotii can be isolated from dental plaque, although is it not known to be associated with the etiology of dental diseases.
There are currently seven recognized species in the genus.
After infection, immunity to the same strain of the virus – the genotype – protects against reinfection for between 4.1 to 8.7 years.
There are currently only two species in this genus, including the type species Salmonella phage epsilon15.
Theories about what it is are algae holdfasts, jellyfish, a filter feeder, a burrow, and a microbial colony.
Borrelia garinii is a spirochete bacterium in the Borrelia genus.
It was originally isolated in marine water from Hawaii.
Laminaria agardhii is a species of brown kelp, noted by a strong holdfast and finger-like blades.
The hop stunt viroid is a viroid species that infects the common hop plant, citrus plants and grapevines, among others.
Physically, it is a rod-shaped organism with yellow pigmentation.
Tombusviridae is a family of single-stranded positive sense RNA plant viruses.
Cells are catalase positive, oxidase negative, and have 51.5 mol percent G + C in their DNA.
Bacteroides melaninogenicus has recently been reclassified and split into Prevotella melaninogenica and Prevotella intermedia.
The dorsum in slightly impressed where it rides over the previous whorl.
Hantavirus is named for the Hantan River area in South Korea where an early outbreak was observed.
Botrydium is a genus of thalloid algae.
Streptomyces longwoodensis is a bacterium species from the genus of Streptomyces which has been isolated from soil the Longwood Gardens in Philadelphia in the United States.
The Cyclogyrinae and Fischerininae persist in the present.
Bonner states that soil invertebrates and rain mainly disperse spores as they are sticky and unlikely to be carried by air currents.
It causes downy mildew on leaves of wild and cultivated Amaranthaceae: Amaranthus, Atriplex, Bassia, Beta, Chenopodium, Halimione, Salsola, Spinacia, etc.
Some are useful in industrial settings such as C. glutamicum.
These bacteria cause the Ehrlichiosis infection, which is considered zoonotic, because the main reservoirs for the disease are animals.
The detection of the asama virus was the first hantavirus found in the family Talpidae, which includes shrew moles.
nov., isolated as a contaminant of hairspray".
Burkholderia terrestris is a bacterium from the genus Burkholderia and family Burkholderiaceae.
It is catalase positive, oxidase positive, and exhibits strictly aerobic metabolism.
Bacteria serve as the natural host, with transmission achieved through passive diffusion.
Hosts include a large and growing range of marine and freshwater fish.
It dissolves in the alkaline midgut to release the virus particle and infect the larva.
The Heteroleibleiniaceae ares a family of cyanobacteria.
The taxonomic history of S. griseus and its phylogenetically related strains has been turbulent.
Pedobacter borealis is a Gram-negative, rod-shaped, non-spore-forming eubacterial species.
The family Rikenellaceae is composed of three genera of bacteria.
Hecticoceratinae is a subfamily of oppeliids from the Middle and Upper Jurassic typically with strong falcoid or falcate ribbing that covers whorl sides completely.
Along with most other streptomycetes, S. griseus strains are well known producers of antibiotics and other such commercially significant secondary metabolites.
Swine brucellosis is a zoonosis affecting pigs, caused by the bacterium Brucella suis.
The hantavirus was found in Japan after analyzing a Japanese shrew mole.
The Vibrionaceae are a family of Proteobacteria given their own order.
An important feature is the presence of sphingolipids in the outer membrane of the cell wall.
In African elephants, related forms of these viruses, which have been identified in wild populations, are generally benign, occasionally surfacing to cause small growths or lesions.
                u
Hesperophycus Setchell & Gardner – one species
These receptacles cluster on the leaf stalk, the leaflets are shorter and broadly falcate which became linear.
Multiple species of phytoplankton are known to produce saxitoxin, including at least 10 other species from the genus Alexandrium.
Phic3unalikevirus is a genus of viruses in the order Caudovirales, in the family Siphoviridae.
Identifying S. iniae in the laboratory can be difficult, since the conventional methods used to identify streptococci yield insufficient results.
Caliciviruses naturally infect vertebrates, and have been found in a number of organisms such as humans, cattle, pigs, cats, chickens, reptiles, dolphins and amphibians.
Some Lyngbya species cause the human skin irritation called seaweed dermatitis.
Citrobacter amalonaticus is a Gram-negative species of bacteria, a known human pathogen: it can cause neonatal meningitis and potentially gastroenteritis.
Bartonella henselae, formerly Rochalimæa, is a proteobacterium that can cause bacteremia, endocarditis, bacillary angiomatosis, and peliosis hepatis.
It is the species from which the antibiotic kanamycin is isolated.
The most common serogroups are serogroup 1, 2 and 3.
Desulfobacter halotolerans is a halotolerant, acetate-oxidizing, sulfate-reducing bacteria.
Roseovarius litoreus is a species of bacteria.
Colonies of P. vacuolata are snowy white.
Poliovirus was first isolated in 1909 by Karl Landsteiner and Erwin Popper.
The disease is mainly transmitted horizontally by the oro-faecal route, but rarely vertical transmission may occur.
The role of CAP in EBPR was elucidated using culture-independent approaches such as 16S rRNA clone banks that showed the Betaproteobacteria dominated lab-scale EBPR reactors.
Iris hyrcana is now an accepted name by the RHS.
The virus is 22% RNA by weight, the other 78% being structural proteins.
Evidence suggests that ammonia-oxidizing bacteria contribute significantly to the global production of nitrous oxide.
Bifidobacterium breve is a bacterial species of the Bifidobacterium genus which has probiotic properties.
Clostridium perfringens is a Gram-positive, rod-shaped, anaerobic, spore-forming pathogenic bacterium of the genus Clostridium.
Cydia pomonella granulosis virus is a granulovirus belonging to the family Baculoviridae.
Mesorhizobium opportunistum is a bacterium from the genus Mesorhizobium which was isolated from Biserrula pelecinus leguminosae in Australia.
Some are pathogenic for humans and other animals such as fishes and frogs.
The significance of Chandipura virus as a human pathogen is unresolved due to doubts over its role in the 2003 and 2004 outbreaks.
This led to the phenomenon's nickname "Angel's Glow."
Other viruses that are members of the Nodaviridae family are flock house virus and black beetle virus.
Strains of this species were originally isolated from dental plaques from golden hamsters.
A risk assessment in December 2011 did not consider it likely to be a threat to human health, as other comparable viruses are not zoonotic.
Arthrobacter have a distinctive method of cell division called "snapping division" or reversion in which the outer bacterial cell wall ruptures at a joint.
They group with the gamma subclass of the Proteobacteria.
It is the only species in the genus Phaeodactylum.
1957, in Part L of the original treatise lists instead: Hungarites, Noetlingites, Longobardites, Neodalmanites, Groenlandites, Perrinoceras, Arctohungarites, Dalmanites, and Prohungarites.
Omsk hemorrhagic fever is a viral hemorrhagic fever caused by a Flavivirus.
Tertiarius is a genus of freshwater diatoms known from the fossil record.
In fact it has the reputation of having the widest host range of any known plant virus.
Bacillus safensis is an aerobic chemoheterotroph and is highly resistant to salt, UV radiation, and gamma radiation.
Like all Plasmodium species it has both vertebrate and insect hosts.
Renibacterium salmoninarum is a member of the Micrococcaceae family.
Carnation ringspot virus is a plant pathogenic virus of the family Tombusviridae.
Beijerinckia derxii is a nitrogen fixing bacteria from the genus of Beijerinckia.
xyli is the bacterium that causes ratoon stunting disease, a major worldwide disease of sugarcane.
They include Nitrosomonas, Nitrosospira, Gallionella, and Spirillum.
C. mesnili may be confused with other pathogenic species during diagnosis.
Transmission to equines or humans via mosquito is also possible, though even more rare.
The name yellow fever in turn originated from its propensity to cause yellow jaundice in victims.
Streptomyces viridochromeogenes is a bacterium species in the genus Streptomyces.
Members of the genera Alphasphaerolipovirus and Betasphaerolipovirus infect halophilic archaea, while those of the genus Gammasphaerolipovirus replicate in thermophilic bacteria.
Desulfovirgula is a genus of sulfate reducing aerobic endospore-forming Gram-positive thermophilic motile rod-shaped bacteria, isolated from a geothermally active underground mine.
IMViC tests VP and MR tests are positive.
Astrovirus is a type of virus that was first discovered in 1975 using electron microscopes following an outbreak of diarrhea in humans.
Pusillimonas is a genus of Gram-negative oxidase-positive bacteria of the family Alcaligenaceae.
The virus circulates among rodents and vector mosquitoes and sometimes infects humans, causing a febrile illness with occasional neurological manifestations.
The plant, in turn, provides the bacteria with organic compounds made by photosynthesis.
Ingestion has been shown to improve human immune function, and it has been patented several times.
Artichoke Italian latent virus is a plant pathogenic virus of the family Secoviridae, infecting grapevine.
Gonyostomum is a genus of freshwater algae in the class Raphidophyceae.
Equines, rather than rodents, are the primary animal species that carry and spread the disease.
These bacteria can be found forming small chains in the habitat where it was first isolated, the rumen of cows.
Collagen degradation observed in chronic periodontal disease results in part from the collagenase enzymes of this species.
Macrocystis integrifolia is one of four species of kelp in the genus Macrocystis which grows to about 6 metres long.
It is spore-forming, rod-shaped and alkaliphile, its type strain being MLS10.
Death with regards to infected developing bees and brood losses are either low or nonexistent as well.
Vagococcus carniphilus is a Gram-positive, nonspore-forming species of bacteria.
The head contains the phage's double-strand linear DNA genome.
It is located in the middle part of the intestine, on either side of Meckel's diverticulum, and frequently ascends into the duodenum.
Hxd3 is a delta-proteobacterium capable of utilizing C12-C20 alkanes as growth substrates.
It is not a zoonosis, meaning that it cannot be transmitted to humans.
Plasmodium marginatum is a parasite of the genus Plasmodium subgenus Sauramoeba.
Although viroids are composed of nucleic acid, they do not code for any protein.
There are currently over 360 species in this family, divided among 9 genera.
There is currently only one species in this genus: the type species Blotched snakehead virus.
Like all Plasmodium species P. achiotense has both vertebrate and insect hosts.
Alveolar partitions are evident externally only on abraded specimens.
Luticola permuticopsis is a species of non-marine diatom first found in lakes of James Ross Island.
It is Gram positive and grows slowly in the laboratory.
Stewart and Eddy would go on to study related polyomaviruses such as SV40 that infect primates, including humans.
The genus name Norovirus is derived from Norwalk virus, the only species of the genus.
There are currently eight species in this genus, including the type species Enterobacteria phage T5.
It is non-spore forming, non-motile and the causative agent of tularemia, the pneumonic form of which is often lethal without treatment.
Additional antigenic variants have been defined within several of the serotypes on the basis of reduced or nonreciprocal cross-neutralization between variant strains.
This viroid is now called Potato spindle tuber viroid, abbreviated PSTVd.
Physarum aeneum is a slime mould species from the order Physarida.
It is known to infect and cause severe disease in Malayan gibbons.
Hantavirus pulmonary syndrome is one of two potentially fatal syndromes of zoonotic origin caused by species of hantavirus.
Samples of body fluids and tissues from people with the disease should be handled with special caution.
Iflaviridae is a family of positive sense RNA viruses insect-infecting viruses.
Like all Plasmodium species it has vertebrate and insect hosts.
Lactobacillus delbrueckii is a species of bacteria in the family Lactobacillaceae.
This high number of cassettes is strictly linked to the ability of L. fabifermentans to use a wide range of different carbohydrates.
Viruses in this genus have been isolated from dragonflies, as well as chickens, goats, sheep, and other farm animals.
Additionally, there are descriptions of the presence of papillomavirus DNA in the blood and in the peripheral blood mononuclear cells.
It differs from most Burkholderia species in that it is often susceptible to aminoglycosides, but not polymyxin B.
It is found in soil, water, skin flora, and most man-made environments throughout the world.
Thioalkalivibrio denitrificancs is an obligately alkaliphilic and obligately chemolithoautotrophic sulfur-oxidizing bacteria.
It has been found to rarely cause endocarditis, an infection of the heart valves.
It is a subtype of the Deformed wing virus.
It fruits in clusters on dead wood, and has distinctive tall reddish-brown sporangia, supported on slender stalks.
Saccharibacter floricola is an osmophilic acetic acid bacterium first isolated from pollen.
Bovine stool associated circular virus is a single stranded DNA virus with a circular genome that was isolated from bovine stool.
The Thermoanaerobacteraceae is a highly polyphyletic family of bacteria placed within the class clostridia.
She is also a member of multiple foundations and professional societies.
SqMV affects all cucurbits and some genera of Hydrophyllaceae, Leguminosae, and Umbelliferae, except that most isolates do not affect watermelons.
It was first shown to be associated with obesity in chickens by Dr. Nikhil Dhurandhar.
It was suggested that ATL is caused by the infection of a retrovirus called ATLV.
Infection may be referred to as Duck Septicaemia, Goose 'flu, Riemerellosis, New Duck Disease and Polyserositis.
This is especially dangerous, because the entire sequence of amino acids produced will be altered, which may lead to unstable or inactive protein production.
It has two contractile vacuoles, one at each end of the body.
Victivallis vadensis is strictly anaerobic, as are 90 percent of the bacteria in the human gastrointestinal system.
These viruses are filamentous and named for being highly flexible.
They can reach up to 6 cm in diameter, with a centimeter-thick rim.
It is one of the most common diseases in the wild turkey population.
M13 plasmids are used for many recombinant DNA processes, and the virus has also been studied for its uses in nanostructures and nanotechnology.
Crotalus simus is a venomous pit viper species found in Mexico and Central America.
Xanthomonas campestris is bacterial species that causes a variety of plant diseases, including "black rot" in cruciferous vegetables and bacterial wilt of turfgrass.
Qalyub virus is a nairovirus discovered in a rat's nest in a tomb wall in the Egyptian town of Qalyub in 1952.
It was first reported in Melilotus officinalis.
Nitratireductor lucknowense is a bacterium from the genus of Nitratireductor which was isolated from pesticide contaminated soil in Lucknow in India.
Pseudochattonella is a genus of marine, heterokont flagellates belonging to the class of Dictyochophyceae.
Euomphaloceras is an early Upper Cretaceous ammonite genus,, included in the Acanthoceratinae until established as the type genus for the Euomphaloceratinae by Cooper, 1978.
Human CMV is the most studied of all cytomegaloviruses.
Alexandrium tamarense is a species of dinoflagellates known to produce saxitoxin, a neurotoxin which causes the human illness clinically known as paralytic shellfish poisoning.
Fulvimarina pelagi is a Gram-negative, strictly aerobic, non-motile bacteria from the genus of Fulvimarina which was isolated from sea water from the western Sargasso Sea.
                t
The vertebrate hosts for this parasite are rodents.
Like other avian viruses, it can be transmitted through vectors mechanically such as through mosquitoes.
Like all Plasmodium species P. circularis has both vertebrate and insect hosts.
C. thermocellum has garnered research interest due to its cellulolytic and ethanologenic abilities, being capable of directly converting a cellulosic substrate into ethanol.
Graminae, winter wheat, wheat, triticale, oat, sorghum bicolor, and plants serve as natural hosts.
Diseases associated with this family include: control of the host population possibly through lysis of the host cell.
It causes a disease known as equine coital exanthema.
The bacterium is spread by airborne droplets; its incubation period is 9–10 days on average.
It is capable of surviving at 47 °C, hence its name.
Magboi virus is a novel, bat-borne Hantavirus discovered in a slit-faced bat trapped near the Magboi Stream in eastern Sierra Leone in 2011.
Corticovirus is a genus of viruses in the family Corticoviridae.
Pseudoalteromonas aliena is a marine, aerobic, heterotrophic bacterium that has been collected from Amur Bay.
It is also non-flagellated and non-spore-forming, with type strain A37T.
Paraperlucidibaca is a genus of Gram-negative, nonspore-forming, rod-shaped bacteria which belongs to the class Gammaproteobacteria.
Diseases associated with this genus include: mosaic and ringspot symptoms.
Torque Teno Midi Virus is a member of the genus Gammatorquevirus in the family Anelloviridae.
This pathogen is present throughout the United States, South America, Asia, and Africa.
Staphylococcus rostri is a Gram-positive, coagulase-negative member of the bacterial genus Staphylococcus consisting of clustered cocci.
Bacteria and archaea serve as natural hosts.
It is also important to use disposable gloves and instruments in veterinary exams as the virus can be spread by using contaminated equipment.
This highly virulent virus was later discovered to be a chimaera of two distinct begomovirus species.
Most genera of this family live in environments with high concentrations of salt, they are halotolerant or halophilic.
Feline leukemia virus is a retrovirus that infects cats.
Plagioselmis is a genus of cryptophytes, including the species Plagioselmis prolonga, Plagioselmis punctata and Plagioselmis nanoplantica.
brevis biovar 3, is a species of bacterium.
Infection may also cause ocular or generalised signs and may contribute to enzootic pneumonia, depending on the serotype of the virus.
It was isolated from the aortic valve of a patient with endocarditis.
Bifidobacterium merycicum is a bacterium found in bovine rumens.
Loss of seedlings causes uneven crop development.
            
Hepatitis C virus is a small, enveloped, positive-sense single-stranded RNA virus of the family Flaviviridae.
Etymology: Latin; intermedium, meaning between, rapidly and slowly growing mycobacteria.
PVX is found mainly in potatoes and is only transmitted mechanically.
Its cells are long, gram-negative, motile, flexible rods.
Thermosinus carboxydivorans is an anaerobic, thermophilic, Gram-negative, carbon-monoxide-oxidizing, hydrogenogenic bacterium, the type species of its genus.
Reticuloendotheliosis designates a group of pathologic syndromes caused by the reticuloendotheliosis virus group of avian retroviruses.
There are currently five species in this genus including the type species Enterobacteria phage phiX174.
Large harvests are produced by rope cultivation, a simple method of growing seaweeds by attaching them to floating ropes in the ocean.
False positive detection of XMRV may also occur because of contamination of clinical specimens and laboratory reagents with other mouse retroviruses or related nucleic acids.
Bartonella koehlerae is a proteobacterium first isolated from cats.
Many plants, including tobacco, potato, tomato, and squash, serve as natural hosts.
Cleoniceras is a rather involute, high-whorled hoplitid from the Lower to basal Middle Albian of Europe, Madagascar, and Transcaspian region.
Pelomonas puraquae is a Gram-negative, rod-shaped, nonspore-forming bacterium from the genus Pelomonas in the family Comamonadaceae.
Some of the species in this genus are: P. mexicana, P. japonensis, P. koreensis, P. daejeonensis, and the type species P. broegbernensis.
Trichodesmium can live as individual filaments, with tens to hundreds of cells strung together, or in colonies consisting of tens to hundreds of filaments clustered together.
The type strain is P10-2-4(T)  = KCTC 23686(T)).
The blueberry shoestring virus disease can be managed by eliminating the aphid vector through the use of biological, chemical or cultural controls.
Whereas formerly the trivial name "mycoplasma" has commonly denoted any member of the class Mollicutes, it now refers exclusively to a member of the genus Mycoplasma.
Currently there is only one species of this genus known
Another virus – Pacmanvirus – has been described.
Cotton leaf curl virus is a plant pathogenic virus of the family Geminiviridae.
It is an aerobic, heterotrophic, Gram-negative, curved bacteria that metabolises aliphatic hydrocarbons, their oxidized derivatives and acetate, with type strain MIL-1T.
The vertebrate hosts for this parasite are reptiles.
Like all Plasmodium species P. landauae has both vertebrate and insect hosts.
Horizontal sutures formed by the chamber tiers are depressed and distinct.
Acinetobacter soli can cause bloodstream infection in neonates.
Like all Plasmodium species P. parahexamerium has both vertebrate and insect hosts.
Broad bean stain virus is a plant pathogenic virus of the family Comoviridae.
Alcaligenes species have been used for the industrial production of nonstandard amino acids; A. eutrophus also produces the biopolymer polyhydroxybutyrate.
Lobophora variegata is a species of small thalloid brown alga which grows intertidally or in shallow water in tropical and warm temperate seas.
Of the 55 reported cases of such infection, the majority are due to contaminated solutions such as water, saline, and sterile drugs.
There is currently only one species in this family: the type species Heterocapsa circularisquama RNA virus 01.
This genus contains a single species, Pilibacter termitis, strains of which were isolated from a termite.
It was first isolated in the Philippines.
Beet vascular necrosis and rot is a soft rot disease caused by the bacterium Pectobacterium carotovorum subsp.
Humans infected with the virus may develop a haemorrhagic fever with renal syndrome known as nephropathia epidemica.
Clostridium thermocellum is an anaerobic, thermophilic bacterium.
The effects are severe leaf mosaic, yellowing and eventually "shoestring" symptoms in the leaves.
Hammer at the Iowa Agricultural Experiment Station as a cause of an outbreak of coagulation in evaporated milk packed by an Iowa condensary.
The overall risk of infection in humans is low.
It has flexuous spore, the latter which are cylindrical and smooth.
Orientia is a genus of bacteria in family Rickettsiaceae.
As a result of several DNA hybridization studies in 1983, the species was merged into Streptococcus dysgalactiae.
It is found in the North Atlantic and has been recorded as an epiphyte on Cystoclonium purpureum.
The type species is Codazziceras scheibei and another described species is C. ospinae.
Sequiviridae was a family of viruses which was included in the ICTV taxonomy from 1993 to 2008.
S. cyaneus produces the alkylresorcinol adipostatin A.
It has the ability to break down tarballs.
Gypchek is an insecticide which uses the virus to control the gypsy moth population.
It is notable for its use of particular metabolic pathways, including desulfurization of diesel.
Salinarimonas is a genus of bacteria from the family of Bradyrhizobiaceae.
Acetobacterium carbinolicum is a homoacetogenic anaerobe bacteria that oxidises primary aliphatic alcohols.
The siphuncle is subventral, located between the center and the ventral margin and, where known, slightly expanded so as to be longitudinally spindle shaped.
Bartonella elizabethae, formerly known as Rochalimaea elizabethae, is a proteobacterium.
The successful spread of this alga is due in part to its ability to asexually reproduce from fragments created by "biotic and abiotic disturbances".
More importantly, in the laboratory, S. salivarius can show a distinct clearing on GYC plates.
This bacteria has no means of motility and has a Bacilli shape.
Carrot thin leaf virus is a pathogenic plant virus of the family Potyviridae.
Species in the order Acholeplasmatales can grow in a medium without cholesterol, unlike species in the order Mycoplasmatales.
The family Acrasidae is a family of slime molds which belongs to the protist group Percolozoa.
Cystovirus is a genus of viruses, in the family Cystoviridae.
European striate mosaic virus is a plant pathogenic virus of the family Tenuivirus.
The Old Gay Hill Red China is a rose native to Gay Hill, Washington County, Texas.
Although the mechanism for this is not known, there is a belief that the flagella is not used
Psychrobacter sanguinis is a Gram-negative, strictly aerobic bacterium of the genus Psychrobacter, which was isolated from human blood in New York.
Pea mild mosaic virus is a plant pathogenic virus of the family Comoviridae.
Pedomicrobium ferrugineum is a rod-shaped, aerobic to microaerophillic bacterium from the genus of Pedomicrobium with one polar or supolar flagellum.
Φ6 and its relatives have a lipid membrane around their nucleocapsid, a rare trait among bacteriophages.
WYLV virions are 1600–1850 nm in length and 10 nm in diameter.
This was the first recorded isolate of the virus  and is generally referred to as CrPVvic to distinguish it from subsequent isolates.
Some classifications include Watinoceras in the subfamily Acanthoceratinae instead.
The members of the species are called Sudan ebolaviruses.
The virus is spread by mechanical transmission and infected seeds.
WClMV is a filamentous, flexuous rod, 480 nm in length and 13 nm wide.
Herbaspirillum huttiense is a Gram-negative species of bacteria.
Diseases associated with this family include: bright yellow mosaic, yellow mosaic, yellow mottle, leaf curling, stunting, streaks, reduced yields.
With a cell length of up to 4 µm and a diameter of 1.5 µm, B. megaterium is amongst the biggest known bacteria.
There are currently eight species in this genus including the type species, human cytomegalovirus, which is the species that infects humans.
Of these, 13 species are known to infect humans.
There are currently only two species in this genus including the type species Pipapillomavirus 1.
Nocardia ignorata is a species of bacteria and a member of the genus Nocardia.
They are negative single stranded RNA viruses.
They are named after Sir David Bruce, a Scottish microbiologist.
It was discovered on the walls of Roman catacombs in 2008.
Shigella boydii is a Gram-negative bacterium of the genus Shigella.
The genus Charnia was named after Charnwood Forest in Leicestershire, England, where the first fossilised specimen was found.
These colonies are visible to the naked eye and sometimes form blooms, which can be extensive on surface waters.
The virus is a filamentous particle that measures about 754 nanometers in length.
The pathogen is relatively resistant to heat, and can persist for a long time in salted, dried, and smoked meat products.
Its cells are anaerobic, sigmoidal with tapered ends, 2 to 6 µm long.
The vertebrate hosts for this parasite are birds.
Helicobacter anseris is a bacterium in the Helicobacteraceae family, Campylobacterales order.
As a member of the group I of the Baltimore classification, Salmonella Fels-2 is a dsDNA viruses.
Serpulina hyodysenteriae, formerly known as Brachyspira hyodysenteriae and Treponema hyodysenteriae, is a species of bacteria.
The habitats for this filamentous cyanobacterium are mainly wet limestone walls and creates together with other bacteria, microalgae, bryophytes and micromycets gray or gray-brown biofilms/growns.
Streptomyces carpinensis is a bacterium species from the genus of Streptomyces which has been isolated from soil from Carpina in Pernambuco in Brazil.
There are currently only one genus and one species in this family: the type species Mushroom bacilliform virus.
There are currently only one species in this genus: the type species Alfalfa mosaic virus.
C. mesnili has a similar life style to Giardia lamblia.
There are currently only two species in this genus, including the type species Pseudomonas phage LUZ24.
Flavobacterium columnare is a thin Gram-negative rod bacterium of the genus Flavobacterium.
It appears that this genus is a member of the Clostridia.
Quadricoccus australiensis is a gram-negative, oxidase-negative, catalase-positive, aerobic, non-motile bacterium from the genus of Quadricoccus which was isolated from activated sludge biomass sample in Australia.
The name is meant to indicate the importance of the genus in the food web.
All known viroids are inhabitants of higher plants, in which most cause diseases, some of which are of slight to catastrophic economic importance.
There are currently only two species in this genus including the type species Enterobacteria phage Qbeta.
The genus Betacoronavirus) includes several subgroups, with the most prominent being prototyped by the species Murine coronavirus and severe acute respiratory syndrome-related coronavirus, respectively.
Streptomyces colombiensis is used to produce biofungicid mycocide.
The La Crosse Virus from the same genus is also a common cause of encephalitis in the United States.
Pillotina calotermitidis is a species of spirochete that is symbiotic in wood-eating cockroaches and termites, the type species of its genus.
Campylobacter lanienae is a species of Campylobacter found in humans and other animals.
The complete genome sequences range from 11,615 to 11,966 nt in length.
This name comes from the Greek word phaios meaning "brown" and phyton meaning plant.
According to Bosciai, 1995, grapevine corky bark-associated virus is a variant of GRLaV2.
The Rhodobiaceae are a family of bacteria.
Blood samples are tested for viral RNA, viral antibodies or for the virus itself to confirm the diagnosis.
Significant research efforts have been focused on elucidating the viral pathogenesis of these animal coronaviruses, especially by virologists interested in veterinary and zoonotic diseases.
Until recently, it was known as Chlamydia pneumoniae, and that name is used as an alternate in some sources.
There is currently only one species in this genus: the type species Senecavirus A.'
In other cases, A. naeslundii is associated with good oral health.
It is a zoonosis and can infect a variety of animals including fish, amphibians, reptiles and mammals.
It is known to produce large red tides off western Japan, causing high bivalve mortality, particularly pearl oysters.
The Leuconostocaceae are a family of Gram-positive bacteria, placed within the order of Lactobacillales.
Aeromonas veronii is a Gram-negative, rod-shaped bacterium found in fresh water and in association with animals.
Desulfuromonas acetoxidans is a species of bacteria.
Commercial cultivars of euphorbia pulcherrima serve as natural hosts.
Papillomaviridae is an ancient taxonomic family of non-enveloped DNA viruses, collectively known as papillomaviruses.
Oceanobacillus oncorhynchi is a halotolerant, obligately alkaliphilic bacterium first isolated from the skin of a rainbow trout, hence its name.
Ecklonia maxima, sea bamboo, is a species of kelp native to the southern oceans.
Murray Valley encephalitis virus is a zoonotic flavivirus endemic to northern Australia and Papua New Guinea.
Thermodesulforhabdus norvegica is a species of thermophilic sulfate-reducing bacteria, the type and only species of its genus.
There are currently only two species in this genus including the type species Mupapillomavirus 1.
Streptomyces antibioticus is a gram-positive bacterium discovered in 1941 by Nobel-prize-winner Selman Waksman and H. Boyd Woodruff.
The species name, moscoviensis, is derived from Moscow, where the species was first discovered.
The earliest physical evidence of it is probably the pustular rash on the mummified body of Pharaoh Ramses V of Egypt.
They usually inhabit nutrient-rich environments such as milk, meat, vegetable products, and fermented drinks.
Growth characteristics, acid-fastness and 16S rRNA gene sequencing results were consistent with those of the genus Mycobacterium.
N. moscoviensis could potentially be used in the production of bio-degradable polymers.
The complete C. tepidum genome, which consists of 2.15 megabases, was sequenced and published in 2002.
The term "pseudorabies" is found inappropriate by many people, as SuHV1 is a herpesvirus and not related to the rabies virus.
Bank voles and humans serve as natural hosts.
Mesorhizobium mediterraneum is a bacterium from the genus Mesorhizobium which was isolated from root nodule from Chickpea in Spain.Rhizobium mediterraneum was transferred to Mesorhizobium mediterraneum.
Until October 2011, when a larger virus Megavirus chilensis was described, it had the largest capsid diameter of all known viruses.
Qβ enters its host cell after binding to the side of the F pilus.
Clostridium thermosaccharolyticum is an anaerobic, motile, gram-positive bacterium.
Growth of "fried egg" colonies on glucose agar medium within 24–48 hours is a characteristic of Mycoplasma hominis.
GLB44 has patent pending status in the US for its pathogen inhibitory qualities in vegan foods.
Bacteria in the phylum Tenericutes serve as natural hosts, making these viruses bacteriophages.
Biochemical reactions, growth characteristics and mycolic acid profiles resembled those of Mycobacterium shottsii, a non-pigmented mycobacterium also isolated during the same epizootic.
Phihlikevirus is a genus of viruses in the order Caudovirales, in the family Myoviridae.
Pedobacter saltans was reclassified to Pseudopedobacter saltans.
It infects Nerine, Narcissus, Hippeastrum and Ismene plants.
Diseases associated with this genus include: cutaneous lesions and benign skin tumours, such as papillomas and keratoacanthomas.
Streptomyces cheonanensis is a bacterium species from the genus of Streptomyces which has been isolated from radish growing soil in Cheonan in Korea.
This bacteria was originally discovered in 1905 by an Austrian biologist named Schardinger and thought to be a bacillus.
Paenibacillus vulneris is a Gram-positive, rod-shaped, spore-forming bacterium.
Members of this order generally prefer warmer waters than other brown algae.
The conditions leading to the autolysis of this bacterium are not well known.
It can be a pathogen of humans and a beneficial symbiont of leeches.
It is a nongastric urease-negative Helicobacter species colonizing the lower bowel.
Most are not pathogenic, but Bacillus species are known to cause disease in humans.
What the rattlesnake actually symbolizes is unknown, but many temples have carved rattlesnake shapes.
All other commercially available strains of L. bulgaricus are isolated from traditional yogurts and are grown in milk.
Plasmodium acuminatum is a Plasmodium parasite which infects reptiles.
They are mostly found in estuarine waters and fresh water, also in soil and sewage.
It is serologically, distantly related to Tomato black ring virus and very distantly related to Hungarian Chrome Mosaic virus.
Tetracycline can be a less expensive substitute for minocycline, but it also lowers the effect of the treatment.
aerotolerans is xylanolytic, which means that these bacteria can digest the polysaccharides collectively known as xylan.
However, other classifications place Dictydiaethalium in the family Dictydiaethaliaceae and the other genera in the family Tubiferaceae.
The dinoflagellate cysts produced by this species are considered much more toxic than swimming cells.
Pepper mild mottle virus is a plant pathogenic virus that occurs worldwide on species of field grown bell, hot and ornamental pepper species.
This, in turn, is broken down to produce glyceraldehyde, which is used to produce new ribulose and other organic compounds.
The sole genus, "Procabacter", was identified as an obligate endosymbiont of Acanthamoeba.
Thermithiobacillus tepidarius is a member of the [Acidithiobacillia] isolated from the hot springs at Bath, Avon.
The body, or living, chamber is long, 1 1/8 volutions long.
It is absent from Panama, but apparently does occur on the Atlantic side of Colombia.
The vertebrate hosts for this parasite are reptiles.
In November 2011, several shipments of Kotex tampons were recalled due to a Cronobacter contamination.
It is native to the coastline of western North America from Alaska to Baja California, where it is a common kelp of the intertidal zone.
Downy mildew is a major disease of onion.
Their inclusion was argued by Mikrjukov and Patterson, who coined the term actinodine to refer specifically to this extended group.
HPS is a "rare respiratory illness associated with the inhalation of aerosolized rodent excreta contaminated by hantavirus particles."
Symptoms may include fever, muscle pains, headache, vomiting, diarrhea, and bleeding into the skin.
Plasmodium fallax is a parasite of the genus Plasmodium subgenus Giovannolaia.
R. fascians is the only phytopathogenic member of the Rhodococcus genus; its host range includes both dicotyledonous and monocotyledonous hosts.
It is considered to be an endemic virus in greenhouses and field productions of Cucurbitaceae crops, including melon, cucumber, and watermelon.
They are positive-sense, single-stranded, non-enveloped RNA viruses with icosahedral geometry.
It captures and ingests flagellates including cryptomonads.
Blosnavirus is a genus of viruses, in the family Birnaviridae.
Pulau virus is a novel strain of Nelson Bay orthoreovirus species.
Callophyllis variegata, commonly known as carola, is a type of edible seaweed, a member of the genus Callophyllis.
L. marthii was the first new species of Listeria proposed since 1985.
Potato virus X is a plant pathogenic virus of the family Alphaflexiviridae and the order Tymovirales.
Heleninidae – in which the primary aperture is interiomarginal and secondary apertures are sutural Helenina
Arthrobacter cumminsii is a species of Gram-positive bacteria.
The genomic size of coronaviruses ranges from approximately 26 to 32 kilobases, the largest for an RNA virus.
Arabis mosaic virus is a viral plant pathogen that is known to infect multiple hosts.
The flowers are around 2.5–3 cm, held less than 10 cm high on the plant.
Microbulbifer hydrolyticus is a gram-negative, rod-shaped, strictly aerobic bacteria, the type species of its genus.
While there are several copies of BSV in Musa species, only one appears to be viable in this sense.
vinsonii has been isolated from voles and Bartonella vinsonii subsp.
It was first isolated from salt marsh mud.
There is currently only one species in this genus: the type species Ostreid herpesvirus 1.
Bcepmulikevirus is a genus of viruses in the family Myoviridae, not assigned to a subfamily.
However, with this method of inoculation was inefficient.
After the exhaustion of oxygen, R. rubrum immediately starts the production of photosynthesis apparatus including membrane proteins, bacteriochlorophylls and carotenoids, i.e.
Reovirus infection occurs often in humans, but most cases are mild or subclinical.
In most cases, though, Bdellovibrio devours its prey and moves on.
Actinomyces naeslundii is a Gram-positive, rod-shaped bacterium found in the mouth of humans.
It is motile by means of a single flagellum.
Following ribotypical analysis several pathovars of Pseudomonas syringae were incorporated into this species.
Marinobacter bryozoorum is a marine, Gram-negative, aerobic and halophilic bacteria with type strain KMM 3840T.
Micrococcus roseus is a strictly aerobic organism.
Also, treated seeds with heat or chemicals are efficient in preventing infection.
Streptococcus peroris is a species of Streptococcus.
Its 16S rRNA gene sequence analysis has shown that it belongs to the order of Betaproteobacteria, most closely to Oxalicibacterium flavum.
Like all Plasmodium species P. japonicum has both vertebrate and insect hosts.
Pseudoalteromonas byunsanensis is a marine bacterium "isolated from tidal flat sediment of Byunsan, South Korea."
In terrestrial ecosystems, Cylindrospermum is found in soils, and in aquatic ones, it commonly grows as part of the periphyton on aquatic plants.
Ralstonia pickettii is a Gram-negative, rod-shaped, soil bacterium.
It also includes short non-coding regions on both the 5' and 3' ends.
This species is also acidophilic, viable at very low pH.
It is transmitted by Hemiptera insects of the spittle group.
Streptomyces alkalithermotolerans is a alkaliphilic and thermotolerant bacterium species from the genus of Streptomyces which has been isolated from the Lonar soda lake in India.
Diseases associated with this genus include mild upper respiratory tract disease, gastroenteritis, and biliary atresia.
They are one of four genera of cyanobacteria that produce neurotoxins, which are harmful to local wildlife, as well as farm animals and pets.
They also include Oxalobacter and related genera, which are unusual in using oxalic acid as their source of carbon.
It is pale yellow-pigmented, Gram-positive, short rod- or coccus-shaped.
Blastochloris sulfoviridis is a bacterium from the genus of Blastochloris which uses sulfur compounds as a source of energy.
This bacterium is commonly found in soil, rapidly digests crystalline cellulose C. hutchinsonii is able to use its gliding motility to move quickly over surfaces.
Streptomyces karpasiensis is a bacterium species from the genus of Streptomyces which has been isolated from soil from the Karpaz National Park in Magusa in Cyprus.
There are antiviral drugs that are effective against some kinds of herpesvirus.
Acetic acid bacteria are a group of Gram-negative bacteria which oxidize sugars or ethanol and produce acetic acid during fermentation.
There are currently three species in this genus including the type species Aichivirus A.
Infections in fish manifest as meningoencephalitis, skin lesions, and septicemia.
There are currently 313 species in this family, divided among 47 genera.
Caulobacter daughter cells have two very different forms.
'Pseudomonas tomato' is a Gram-negative plant pathogenic bacterium that infects a variety of plants.
While mu was specifically involved in several distinct areas of research, the wider implications of transposition and insertion transformed the entire field of genetics.
They can also fix nitrogen, like many other members of the order Rhizobiales.
S. bovis is commonly found in the alimentary tract of cattle, sheep, and other ruminants, and may cause ruminal acidosis or feedlot bloat.
It is Gram-negative, rod-shaped, non-spore-forming and motile by means of a single polar or subterminal flagellum.
One of the earliest scientific discoveries regarding the Ljungan virus was that infected wild rodents developed diabetes if they were exposed to stress.
In 1995, Gauthier et al proposed Pseudoalteromonas as a new genus to be split from Alteromonas.
The Sabiá virus is one of the arenoviruses from South America to cause hemorrhagic fever.
This species is very similar in phenotype to Nocardia asteroides, to the degree that some isolates of N. asteroides were later found to be Nocardia farcinica.
It is widely eaten in East Asia.
In humans, it has been involved in cases of enteritis, severe abdominal pain and terminal bacteremia.
Nitrosomonas ureae is a ammonia-oxidizing, aerobe, gram-negative bacterium from the genus of Nitrosomonas.
The species Spirillum minus causes rat-bite fever.
Desulfurobacterium thermolithotrophum is a species of autotrophic, sulphur-reducing bacterium isolated from a deep-sea hydrothermal vent.
Citrobacter rodentium is a Gram-negative species of bacteria.
Psychrobacter nivimaris is a Gram-negative, oxidase- and catalase-positive, aerobic, nonmotile bacterium of the genus Psychrobacter, which was isolated from the Southern Ocean.
Heliobacteria are the only firmicutes known to conduct photosynthesis.
There are currently only two species in the genus Alphaturrivirus.
It is able to thrive in such environments by using tricyclic diterpenoids as a carbon source.
Plasmodium is a genus of parasitic alveolates, many of which cause malaria in their hosts.
Recently, there is evidence that specific strains of Phycodnaviridae may infect humans rather than just algal species, as was previously believed.
The genome sequence of M. capsulatus is available.
Cuevavirus is a genus in the family Filoviridae, which is included in the order Mononegavirales.
Some members of Yersinia are pathogenic in humans; in particular, Y. pestis is the causative agent of the plague.
It is found on bird feathers, especially chest and back plumage, and most often in ground-dwelling birds and aquatic species.
Waikavirus is a genus of viruses in the order Picornavirales, in the family Secoviridae.
Streptococcus mitis, previously known as Streptococcus mitior, is a mesophilic alpha-hemolytic species of Streptococcus that inhabits the human mouth.
Syringammina fragilissima is a xenophyophore found off the coast of Scotland, near Rockall.
It has the particularity that all the species of the genus live in symbiosis with soil entomopathogenic nematodes from the genus Steinernema.
The type species of this genus is Thermanaeromonas toyohensis, a highly thermophilic anaerobe.
It can be pathogenic, being involved in cases of Lyme borreliosis.
Rhizosoleniophycidae or Rhizosoleniineae is a grouping of Centrales.
Ureaplasma felinum is a species of Ureaplasma, a genus of bacteria belonging to the family Mycoplasmataceae.
Simian immunodeficiency viruses are retroviruses that cause persistent infections in at least 45 species of African non-human primates.
Aujeszky's disease is considered to be the most economically important viral disease of swine in areas where hog cholera has been eradicated.
They have been controlled by the application of NPV's Baculovirus heliothis.
Species within this class are thermophilic lithotrophs isolated from sediment in Calcite Springs in Yellowstone National Park.
The disease was first identified in laboratory monkeys, hence its name, but in its natural state it seems to infect rodents more often than primates.
Flexibacter is a genus of bacteria consisting of some seventeen strains, known for their yellow hue.
Mycobacterium leprae was sensitive to dapsone, but resistance against this antibiotic has developed over time.
The fossil was found in what is now the Dominican Republic.
Streptomyces lienomycini is a bacterium species from the genus of Streptomyces.
The Hyphomicrobiaceae are a family of bacteria.
There is only one genus in this family: Pandoravirus.
It is difficult to detect the virus until it has infected the host.
Thiomonas intermedia was isolated from an sewage pipe in Hamburg.
      
The ability of nitrifying organisms to degrade some pollutants may make these organisms attractive for controlled bioremediation in nitrifying soils and waters.
The genus' presence in the termite Mastotermes darwiniensis led to speculation, later confirmed, that termites and cockroaches are evolutionarily linked.
Many species are part of the marine plankton and are of interest primarily due to being found in algal blooms.
Streptomyces massasporeus is a bacterium species from the genus of Streptomyces which has been isolated from soil in Japan.
Bartonella callosciuri is a bacterium from the genus of Bartonella.
It is caused by a virus of the genus Orbivirus belonging to the family Reoviridae.
This species was originally isolated from fermented fish in Thailand.
Chimpanzee stool associated circular virus is a single stranded DNA virus isolated from chimpanzee stool.
The 3,580,413 bp of the L. fabifermentans T30PCM01 genome sequence revealed that it is one of the Lactobacillus species with the larger genome.
In cities, it is spread primarily by Aedes aegypti, a type of mosquito found throughout the tropics and subtropics.
Thermanaeromonas toyohensis is a species of bacteria within the family Thermoanaerobacteraceae.
Annually, norovirus is associated with 906,000 outpatient visits in industrialized countries, with 64,200 inpatient hospitalizations.
Lymphoid organs are anatomical structures common to penaeid shrimp.
After decades of controversy in Salmonella nomenclature, it gained the species status in 2005.
Pyrobaculum and thermoproteus archaea serve as natural hosts.
The type species for the genus is Nodularia spumigena Mertens ex Bornet & Flahault, 1886.
Due to the rarity of the disease its occurrence can cause economic impact in relation to the loss of horses and poultry.
Gansserina gansseri, based on stable isotope study of specimens from Lower Maastrichtian marine sediments, is thought to have lived at intermediate depths, within the paleothermocline.
Azospirillum canadense is a nitrogen-fixing bacterium isolated from corn rhizospheres.
The group I strains are mainly associated with non-watermelon plants, while group II includes strains that were mainly isolated from watermelon.
Mouse mammary tumor virus is a milk-transmitted retrovirus like the HTL viruses, HI viruses, and BLV.
Aspidella is an Ediacaran disk-shaped fossil of uncertain affinity.
Chilomonas is golden brown and has two flagella.
One genus in this order is calcareous, Padina, the only calcareous member of this phylum.
Myroides is a bacterial genus from the family of Flavobacteriaceae.
Bites are similar to rattlesnake bites in the United States.
The vertebrate hosts for this parasite are birds.
The sole species in the genus is Oxobacter pfennigii, formerly known as Clostridium pfennigii.
Agroinoculation proved to be a far more efficient inoculation procedure as demonstrated by Mahmoudpour.
Some spumaviruses, including the equine foamy virus, bud from the cytoplasmic membrane.
Arachnula is a genus of amoeboid eukaryotes first described by Leon Cienkowski in 1876.
Like all Plasmodium species P. sandoshami has both vertebrate and insect hosts.
M. bovoculi can cause infectious bovine keratoconjunctivitis.
Clostridium histolyticum is a species of bacteria found in feces and the soil.
Marseilleviridae is a family of viruses first named in 2012.
It was isolated from a Lesser Asiatic Yellow House Bat discovered in southern China.
Streptomyces caniferus is a bacterium species from the genus of Streptomyces.
Streptomyces endus is a bacterium species from the genus of Streptomyces which has been isolated from soil from the Cache River Valley in the United States.
Sphingomonas aromaticivorans is a species of bacteria.
The virus has been reported in Japan, Europe, USA and New Zealand.
They have single-stranded circular DNA genomes encoding genes that diverge in both directions from a virion strand origin of replication.
The genus Methylophaga consists of halophilic methylotrophic bacteria, many of which were isolated from marine environments.
The infection, known as Zika fever or Zika virus disease, often causes no or only mild symptoms, similar to a very mild form of dengue fever.
The Minute Virus of Mice is the prototype virus of the Protoparvovirus genus within the Parvoviridae family of viruses.
Acidovorax aerodenitrificans is a bacterium from the genus of Acidovorax and the family of Comamonadaceae.
Capripoxviruses for sheeppox and goatpox infect only sheep and goat respectively.
Branching’s and other lateral structures appear when the apical cell divides to produce two new apical cells.
Plasmodium bertii is a parasite of the genus Plasmodium subgenus Papernaia.
Cowpea mild mottle virus is a plant pathogenic virus of the family Betaflexiviridae that infects yardlong beans, soybeans and peanuts.
These spots have a slower development rate than the rest of the leaf.
Its cells are straight to slightly curved rods, motile by flagella and form endospores.
It is sometimes described as "Imbricatea/Silicofilosea", due to the similarity of those two groupings.
Oxalobacter is a genus of bacteria in the Oxalobacteraceae family.
Oceanobacillus iheyensis is a bacterium, the type species of its genus.
Acinetobacter rudis is a Gram-negative, strictly aerobic bacterium from the genus Acinetobacter isolated from raw milk and wastewater.
was the first to report AMV in alfalfa.
The species has been cultivated in China, Japan, Russia, France, and Korea.
Upon discovery, this organism was considered to be similar to both Vibrio and Aeromonas species, but was ultimately determined to be more closely related to Vibrio.
Staphylococcus xylosus is a species of bacteria belonging to the genus Staphylococcus.
The first species was described by Juni and Heym.
The type locality given is "Ceylan", which is incorrect.
Roseovarius nubinhibens is a species of Gram-negative, rod-shaped, aerobic dimethylsulfoniopropionate-demethylating bacteria.
Depending on the mouse and viral strain, viral pathogenesis can range from negligible, to chronic or acute encephalomyelitis.
Newborn chicks are protected by maternal antibodies for a few weeks.
Diseases associated with this genus include: IBDV causes severe inflammation of the bursa of fabricius.
Picornaviruses are nonenveloped viruses that represent a large family of small, cytoplasmic, plus-strand RNA(~7.5kb) viruses with a 30 nm icosahedral capsid.
In humans, the infection is sometimes called Pontiac fever.
For that reason it is a popular subject for amateur microscopists.
Janthinobacterium lividum is an aerobic, Gram-negative, soil-dwelling bacterium that has a distinctive dark-violet color.
Chikungunya is an infection caused by the chikungunya virus.
Nimbia occlusa is a form of Ediacaran fossil shaped like a circular or oval disk, with a thick rim around the margin.
PapMV is a filamentous, flexuous rod, 530 nm in length.
Human bocavirus is a parvovirus that has been suggested to cause human disease.
Burkholderia glumae is a Gram-negative soil bacterium.
Thiomargarita namibiensis is a gram-negative coccoid Proteobacterium, found in the ocean sediments of the continental shelf of Namibia.
Analipus is a brown algae genus in the family Heterochordariaceae.
These bacteria cause disease in humans called Mycobacterium avium-intracellulare infection or Mycobacterium avium complex infection.
Pythium aphanidermatum is a soil borne plant pathogen.
The vertebrate hosts for this parasite are reptiles.
                
Like all Plasmodium species P. foleyi has both vertebrate and insect hosts.
Based on 16S rRNA analysis, P. alcaligenes has been placed in the P. aeruginosa group.
Maize chlorotic dwarf virus is a plant pathogenic virus of the family Sequiviridae.
Since the 1980s, the number of cases of yellow fever has been increasing.
Sometimes, the viruses cause very mild or atypical symptoms during outbreaks.
Streptomyces aurantiogriseus produces differolide and acetamidobenzoic acid.
Rickettsia rickettsii is considered the prototypical infectious organism in the group.
La Crosse encephalitis virus is one of a group of mosquito-transmitted viruses that can cause encephalitis, or inflammation of the brain.
They have aerial mycelia and spherical, motile spores.
There are currently 322 species in this genus including the type species Bean golden yellow mosaic virus.
The bacterium can be found within the lungs, trachea, and nasal cavity of small ruminants.
Plasmopara viticola, the causal agent of grapevine downy mildew, is a heterothallic oomycete that overwinters as oospores in leaf litter and soil.
Xuan Son virus is a novel, single-stranded, enveloped, negative-sense RNA hantavirus of the family Bunyaviridae.
Prochloron and the Greek chloros ) is a unicellular oxygenic photosynthetic prokaryote commonly found as an extracellular symbiont on coral reefs, particularly in didemnid ascidians.
There are four informal subgroups within this genus: these are the tobamoviruses that infect the brassicas, the cucurbits, and malvaceous and solanaceous plants.
Examples are Cepedea virguloidea and Cepedea longa.
The disease is caused by the yellow fever virus and is spread by the bite of an infected female mosquito.
Burkholderia dolosa is a species of proteobacteria.
Strains of this species were originally isolated from a fermenting cellar in Hebei Province, China.
There are also halogenated phlorethols and fucophlorethols.
It is a species of the Yatapoxvirus genus and is closely related to the tanapox.
It is an Alphavirus found in central, eastern, and southern Africa.
BAYV infection causes hantavirus pulmonary syndrome and represents the second most common hantavirus in the United States behind the Sin Nombre virus.
Mesonoceras is similar in general form to tis probable ancestor Karagandoceras but differs primarily in its pointed asymmetric lateral lobe, that of Karagandoceras is more symmetric.
A strain of this species was originally isolated from the blood of a small Japanese field mouse.
Taylorella asinigenitalis: found in the genital tract of donkeys, this species is not pathogenic.
Methylobacterium nodulans is an aerobic, facultatively methylotrophic, legume root nodule-forming and nitrogen-fixing bacteria.
It is the largest bacterium ever discovered, as a rule 0.1–0.3 mm in diameter, but sometimes attaining 0.75 mm.
Zika virus is a member of the virus family Flaviviridae.
It is often resistant to multiple antibiotics, including the aminopenicillins.
Cultures of C. freundii were isolated and identified in the same year from soil extracts.
Colonies of M. dura are hard and compact and their color is pale white to yellow.
Nylon-eating bacteria are a strain of Flavobacterium that is capable of digesting certain byproducts of nylon 6 manufacture.
The vertebrate hosts for this parasite are birds.
Its cells are rod-shaped and the type strain is X50T.
It is listed as a notifiable disease under the World Organisation for Animal Health.
Recently, it was shown how its highly overlapping genome can be fully decompressed and still remain functional.
Many endogenous retroviruses, closely related to exogenous gammaretroviruses, are present in the DNA of mammals, birds, reptiles and amphibians.
It is the type species of the genus Gephyrocapsa.
Desulfosporosinus is a genus of strictly anaerobic, sulfate-reducing bacteria, often found in soil.
Chryseobacterium elymi is an bacterial species found in the rhizospheres of coastal sand dune plants.
One of the most important genera is Globigerina; vast areas of the ocean floor are covered with Globigerina ooze, dominated by the shells of planktonic forms.
Strains of S. equorum have been isolated from sausage and strains comprising subspecies of this species have been isolated from Swiss mountain cheeses.
As a potential vector for gene therapy, gammaretrovirus has some advantages over HIV as a lentiviral vector.
M. bohemicum affects soft tissue in animal cells.
Its cells are motile, strictly aerobic rods which stain Gram-negative.
Micromonospora fulviviridis is an endophytic actinomycete, with type strain DSM 43906T.
The case is the eighth report of human disease associated with a thogotovirus globally, and the first in the Western hemisphere.
For commercial use, specific strains of the L. sanfranciscensis are grown on defined media, freeze-dried, and shipped to bakeries worldwide.
There are currently six species in this genus including the type species Lepidopteran ambidensovirus 1.
MSV was first described by the South African entomologist Claude Fuller who referred to it in a 1901 report as “mealie variegation”.
Erythrobacter litoralis is a species of bacterium.
Like all parvoviruses, it is a small, spherical virus, and has a single-stranded DNA genome.
The team also found that the spleen cells of mice inoculated with "rough" Mycobacterium vaccae produced more Th-1 cytokines than those inoculated with "smooth" Mycobacterium vaccae.
Streptomyces albidoflavus is a bacterium species from the genus of Streptomyces which has been isolated from soil from Poland.
International Journal of Systematic and Evolutionary Microbiology.
The order Desulfuromonadales contains the following families and genera:
A study performed in Amsterdam estimated the presence of HCoV-NL63 in approximately 4.7% of common respiratory illnesses.
Carterina is known from the Eocene of Spain and is widespread in shallow tropical waters in the Holocene, but is unknown from intervening epochs.
Quantitative accumulation of PHB precursors in the cell for the production of biological plastic
Its genome consists of linear double-stranded DNA, with repeats at either end.
The cucumber yellows virus genome was completely sequenced in 2003.
It can be divided into the orders Echinostelida and Physarida.
Some examples of this virus are simian foamy virus and the human foamy virus.
Helicobacter pametensis is a bacterium in the Helicobacteraceae family, Campylobacterales order.
Canine parvovirus may infect other mammals like foxes, wolves, cats, and skunks; however, it will not infect humans.
Stenotrophomonas is a genus of Gram-negative bacteria.
Streptomyces ipomoeae produces thaxtomin C and ipomycin.
Xanthomonas alfalfae is a species of proteobacteria.
The Oceanospirillales are an order of Proteobacteria, with seven families.
Phytophthora polonica is a non-papillate homothallic plant pathogen known to infect alder species.
Bacillus odysseyi is a Gram-positive, aerobic, rod-shaped, round-spore- and endospore-forming eubacterium of the Bacillus genus.
Miniopterus Bat coronavirus HKU8 is a novel enveloped, single-stranded positive-sense RNA virus species in the Alphacoronavirus genus with a corona-like morphology.
There is no evidence that XMRV can infect humans, nor has it been demonstrated that XMRV is associated with or causes any human disease.
Rectangular cracking patterns also occur in the bark of older branches.
It is purported to be native to American soil.
Trees infected with the viroid often show no symptoms other than a reduction in yield,.
The general C. parvum lifecycle is shared by other members of the genus.
It was discovered as a whitish-grey patina growing in Roman catacombs in 2008.
Blastochloris gulmargensis is a gram-negative, motile bacteria from the genus of Blastochloris which was isolated from biofilm in a cold sulfur spring in Gulmarg in India.
Syntrophobacter wolinii is a species of bacteria notable for degrading propionate.
Bremia is a genus of water moulds in the family Peronosporaceae.
When the hapless insect has been thoroughly immobilized, they can bite it through its new shroud.
The best means of prevention is overall mosquito control and the avoidance of bites in areas where the disease is common.
Turnip yellow mosaic virus is an isometric tymovirus of the family Tymoviridae.
Dietzia psychralcaliphila is a facultatively psychrophilic alkaliphile that grows on hydrocarbons.
The word seadornavirus is an acronym, meaning Southeast Asian dodeca RNA virus.
Bacillus pseudofirmus is a facultative anaerobe bacterium.
A closely related virus is the gill-associated virus, which is the type species of the genus Okavirus.
The role of the toxins identified in the process of melioidosis symptom development has not been fully elucidated.
It is an aromatic compound-degrading bacteria, it is gram-negative, non-spore-forming, non-motile and rod-shaped.
Streptomyces microflavus produces nemadectin, fattiviracin A1, milbemycin and deoxyuridines.
Ancylobacter aquaticus can degrade 1,2-dichloroethane and produces haloalkane dehalogenase.
Cyprinivirus is a genus of viruses in the order Herpesvirales, in the family Alloherpesviridae.
The longer polyprotein is cleaved into five functional proteins, including the viral RNA polymerase and the shorter is cleaved into three proteins.
A 2015 study showed that Rhodococcus rhodochrous could inhibit the growth of Pseudogymnoascus destructans, the fungal species responsible for White Nose Syndrome in bats.
Aquabacterium fontiphilum has a single polar flagellum and its colonies are semitransparent.
Jeotgalibacillus marinus is a bacterium used as a soil inoculant in agriculture and horticulture.
Streptomyces cinereorectus is a bacterium species from the genus of Streptomyces.
It fruits in clusters on dead wood and has distinctive tall brown sporangia supported on slender stalks with a total height of approximately 6–20 mm tall.
It is often associated with vaginal infections.
Like all Plasmodium species P. pelaezi has both vertebrate and insect hosts.
This virus is transmitted by several species of aphids in a nonpersitant manner and by mechanical inoculation.
Andes virus is a hantavirus which is a major causative agent of Hantavirus cardiopulmonary syndrome in South America.
The Analipus thallus is an abiding lobed basal crust, from which a short lived vertical axis with a number of branches develop.
Human monkeypox can be difficult to distinguish clinically from smallpox and chickenpox.
Species within this phylum have also been implicated in periodontal disease, gastrointestinal infections and soft tissue infections.
For its predatory qualities, M. aeruginosavorus is being considered as an antibacterial.
Furthermore, hydrogen production by this bacterium is not inhibited at high hydrogen partial pressures; however, its yield is lower compared to strict anaerobes like Clostridia.
It was first reported in tomatoes in 1935 and primarily affects vegetable crops, though it is not generally considered an economically significant plant pathogen.
Yield is reduced by 25% even more if no control action are taken into account.
Most people become infected with EBV and gain adaptive immunity.
Oligella ureolytica is more prominent than Oligella urethralis.
                
It was globally eradicated in swine in 1959.
Streptomyces griseolus is a bacterium species from the genus of Streptomyces which has been isolated from soil.
Turbinaria ornata is a tropical brown algae of the order Fucales native to coral reef ecosystems of the South Pacific.
Thalassiosira symmetrica is a species of marine centric diatoms.
There are currently only two species in this genus including the type species Micromonas pusilla virus SP1.
Its name is derived from the Greek "strepto-" meaning "twisted", alluding to this genus' chain-like spore production, and "antibioticus", referring to this species' extensive antibiotic production.
Pseudomonas reptilivora is a fluorescent, yellow-green, Gram-negative, rod-shaped, non-spore-forming, multiple polar flagellated, motile bacterium that is pathogenic to reptiles.
1990 was previously known as Mycobacterium avium strain wood pigeon.
This disease results in reduced yield in crops, a withered appearance of the leaves, abortive reproductive structures, and a grayish down on the surfaces.
Streptomyces narbonensis is a bacterium species from the genus of Streptomyces which has been isolated from soil in France.
The Alcanivoraceae are a family of Proteobacteria.
Candidatus Bartonella rudakovii is a candidatus bacteria from the genus of Bartonella.
enterica is a subspecies of Salmonella enterica, the rod-shaped, flagellated, aerobic, Gram-negative bacterium.
Psychrobacter cryohalolentis is a Gram-negative, nonmotile species of bacteria.
Bifurcariopsis reproduces by means of conceptacles; it produces tetraspores and dispores and carpospores.
It was first isolated from the phyllosphere of a leguminous tree, Acacia caven, in central Argentina.
Khatyspytia is a frondose member of the Ediacara biota.
Lambdatorquevirus is a genus of viruses, in the family Anelloviridae.
Turkey and chicken serve as natural hosts.
Sen Gupta, 1999, included in the miliolid family Hauerinidae.
Confirmations may require a sample of cerebral spinal fluid or brain tissue although CT scans and MRI scans are used to detect encephalitis.
The vertebrate hosts for this parasite are reptiles.
Betanodavirus or nervous necrosis virus is a viral genus classified in the family Nodaviridae.
There are currently three species in this genus, including the type species Tobacco necrosis virus D.
The causative agent is a zoonotic Orbivirus first described in 1963 in western Siberia by Mikhail Chumakov and coworkers.
Thauera terpenica is a gram-negative mesophilic motile bacterium from the genus of Thauera.
It was first isolated from soda lakes.
Streptomyces aburaviensis is a bacterium species from the genus of Streptomyces which was isolated from soil from Aburabi from the Shiga Prefecture in Japan.
Phytophthora plurivora is a very aggressive soil-borne plant pathogen, with worldwide distribution and a wide variety of hosts.
All the species are obligate endosymbionts, most likely commensal rather than parasitic, in cold-blooded vertebrates.
R. pickettii is a Betaproteobacteria species found in moist environments such as soils, rivers, and lakes.
Overall virion organization of sphaerolipoviruses is similar to that of viruses belonging to the families Tectiviridae, Corticoviridae and Turriviridae.
Though F. novicida is considered a rare pathogen, its close relative F. tularensis is well known for causing tularemia.
Gloeocapsa magma is a species of cyanobacteria.
Distribution of the genus is a marker for climate change, as it relates to oceanic temperatures.
The genus Xylophilus currently comprises only the species X. ampelinus which affects grapevines.
The genus was first described in 1920 by David Keilin from the alimentary canal of dolichopodid larvae Systenus.
Moraxella is a genus of Gram-negative bacteria in the Moraxellaceae family.
Here formaldehyde is combined with sugar ribulose, producing hexulose.
Many of the positive-strand RNA viruses that belong to the alphavirus family share a high degree of similarity in proteins involved in genomic replication and synthesis.
The name Pseudomonas halodurans is a synonym
Like all species in this genus it has both vertebrate and insect hosts.
Like all Plasmodium species P. alaudae has both vertebrate and insect hosts.
Hpunalikevirus is a genus of viruses in the family Myoviridae, within the subfamily Peduovirinae.
Plasmodium hegneri is a parasite of the genus Plasmodium subgenus Giovannolaia.
The vertebrate hosts for this parasite are reptiles.
The species is thermophilic; strains isolated from soil in Antarctica were found to grow at temperatures between 59 and 72° C.
The disease is present all over the world, but it is especially persistent in Europe.
The disease is spread most commonly by ingestion of food and water contaminated with infected feces and occasionally through sexual contact and contact with aborted tissue.
Clostridium difficile, also known as C. difficile, C. diff, or sometimes CDF/cdf, is a species of Gram-positive spore-forming bacteria.
Bacillus megaterium is a rod-like, Gram-positive, mainly aerobic spore forming bacterium found in widely diverse habitats.
It has not yet been further classified.
Tobacco leaf curl virus is a plant pathogenic virus of the family Geminiviridae.
Mycobacterium farcinogenes is a species of the phylum actinobacteria, belonging to the genus mycobacterium.
The HTLVs are believed to originate from intraspecies transmission of STLVs.
Resistant hosts and sterilization of equipment are the best ways to control the spread of the pathogen.
It is rod-shaped and motile by a polar to subpolar flagellum.
Hantaviruses are single-stranded, enveloped, negative-sense RNA viruses in the Bunyaviridae family which can kill humans.
Diseases associated with this family include: reduced host virulence.
Plasmodium incertae is a parasite of the genus Plasmodium, subgenus Vinckeia.
There are currently 93 species in this family, divided among four subfamilies and 30 genera.
Streptomyces celluloflavus is a bacterium species from the genus of Streptomyces which has been isolated from soil in Japan.
It is found throughout the world and infection may be referred to as Infectious Synovitis, Avian Mycoplasmosis, Infectious Sinusitis and Mycoplasma Arthritis.
Potato yellow dwarf virus is a plant virus of order Mononegavirales, family Rhabdoviridae and genus Nucleorhabdovirus.
It is associated with necrotic fine roots.
Viruses such as influenza are spread through the air by droplets of moisture when people cough or sneeze.
Sphingomonas stygia is a species of bacteria.
It is gram-positive, spore-forming, rod-like, motile, and was first isolated from rabbit feces.
R. prowazekii also appears to be the closest free-living relative of mitochondria, based on genome sequencing.
Like all Plasmodium species P. chabaudi has both vertebrate and insect hosts.
Several species of acetic acid bacteria are used in industry for production of certain foods and chemicals.
Xanthomonas sacchari is a species of proteobacteria.
In contrast to certain other species of the genus, Mesodinium chamaeleon n. sp.
Psychromonas antarctica is anaerobic but tolerates the presence of oxygen.
Chelatococcus asaccharovorans is a bacterium from the genus of Chelatococcus.
Bradyrhizobium cytisi is a bacterium from the genus of Bradyrhizobium.
Citrus canker is a disease affecting Citrus species caused by the bacterium Xanthomonas axonopodis.
Capripoxvirus is a genus of viruses in the subfamily Chordopoxvirinae and the family Poxviridae.
The RNA genome of the virus encodes five genes whose order is highly conserved.
The best-known genus in the Mollicutes is Mycoplasma.
It was first isolated from the Australian region of the Southern Ocean, just south of the polar front.
Longobardites has been removed as type genus for the Longobarditidae, along with Arctohungarites, Groenlandites, and Noetlingites.
C. nigrans has a test or outer shell of agglutinated organic materials and minerals.
RNA trees place the heliobacteria among the Firmicutes, but they do not stain Gram-positively.
Azoarcus toluvorans is a bacterium from the genus of Azoarcus.
There is currently only one species in this genus: the type species Passerivirus A.
As an alternative it may be included in the family Pegidiidae, which is elevated from the rotaliid subfamily Pegidiinae.
Chlamydophila abortus was previously classified as Chlamydia psittaci along with all Chlamydiae except Chlamydia trachomatis.
It was published in 'Flora Kavkaza' by Alexander Grossheim in 1928.
Takayama tuberculata is a species of unarmored dinoflagellates from the genus Takayama, being closely related to T. tasmanica.
They are thought to be commensal bacteria.
These bacteria are inoculated and used for preventing heating and spoilage after exposure to air.
Desulfobacter latus is a sulfate-reducing bacteria, with type strain AcRS2.
Plasmodium hydrochaeri is a parasite of the genus Plasmodium subgenus Vinckeia.
When an opportunistic infection does occur, it is usually observed in the form of a urinary tract infection.
For the phylogenetic analysis of P. corrugata and its closely related phytopathogenic bacterium Pseudomonas mediterranea refer to Trantas et al.
Plasmodium azurophilum is a species of the genus Plasmodium.
It is Gram-negative, motile, facultatively aerobic and oxidase- and catalase-positive.
Ureaplasma urealyticum is a bacterium belonging to the family Mycoplasmataceae.
It is spread both vertically and horizontally—through contaminated water and direct contact.
Cytophaga is a genus of Gram-negative, gliding, rod-shaped bacteria.
Micrococcus lylae is a gram positive bacterium.
Reticulariaceae is a family of slime molds recognized by the Integrated Taxonomic Information System and is composed the genera Dictydiaethalium, Enteridium, Lycogala, Reticularia, and Tubifera.
The genome of Micrococcus is rich in guanine and cytosine, typically exhibiting 65 to 75% GC-content.
Sweet potato yellow dwarf virus is a plant pathogenic virus of the family Potyviridae.
Based on 16S rRNA analysis, P. fragi has been placed in the P. chlororaphis group.
For example, M. genitalium is flask-shaped, while M. pneumoniae is more elongated.
Symptoms vary by strain, but leaf discoloration, stem/root swelling, and die-back generally occur.
This species is not known to infect humans.
He described disease symptomatology, identified wild strawberry plants as suitable virus indicators, and demonstrated virus transmission by various aphids, dodder, and grafting.
Streptomyces flavovirens is a bacterium species from the genus of Streptomyces which has been isolated from soil.
It is filamentous, Gram-negative, and motile, with a single polar-sheathed flagellum.
Diseases associated with this genus include: respiratory disease, feline calicivirus; conjunctivitis, and respiratory disease.
The virus has an RNA genome contained on two RNA molecules, each of which is covalently attached to a small protein at the 5' end.
Nodularia is a genus of filamentous nitrogen-fixing cyanobacteria, or blue-green algae.
Serratia symbiotica is a species of bacteria that lives as a symbiont of aphids.
They are not known to be pathogenic but can cause rot in apples and pears.
Agrobacterium albertimagni is a species of arsenite-oxidizing bacterium.
There is currently only one species in this genus: the type species Acidianus filamentous virus 2.
Part of the phylum cyanobacteria, it was theorized that Prochloron is a predecessor of the photosynthetic components, chloroplasts, found in photosynthetic eukaryotic cells.
C. freundii has also been investigated for biodegradation of tannic acid used in tanneries.
1O2 which generates photooxidative stress, is made by bacteriochlorophyll upon exposure to oxygen and light.
Together with Buchnera aphidicola, Wigglesworthia has been the subject of genetic research into the minimal genome necessary for any living organism.
Streptomyces griseoviridis inhibits the growth of fungal pathogens and can be used to protect plants from those.
Pseudaminobacter is a genus of Gram-negative, oxidase- and Catalase-positive, rod-shaped bacteria.
Plasmodium vinckei is a parasite of the genus Plasmodium subgenus Vinckeia.
Aquabirnavirus is a genus of viruses, in the family Birnaviridae.
Maritalea porphyrae is a Gram-negative, aerobic, motile bacterium from the genus of Maritalea which was isolated from the alga Porphyra yezoensis.
It is Gram-variable, aerobic, endospore-forming and rod-shaped, with type strain SF-20(T) = JCM 11462(T)).
It is asaccharolytic, oxidase-negative, and nonmotile, producing a brown pigment.
                +
Campylobacter showae is a species of Campylobacter found in humans.
Therefore, the pathogenic pathway for DXV leads to anoxia sensitivity and death of D. melanogaster.
Ralstonia insidiosa is a Gram-negative, environmental bacterium.
Temperature inactivation in juice 90 °C Transition: seed 8–10% from the beginning which is enough to star the silent infection.
It is heterotrophic, oxidase-positive, and motile by means of a single polar flagella.
The species is an obligate anaerobe, catalase-negative, doesn't form spores and is non-motile.
This virus has also been isolated in France.
The family contains mainly aerobic or denitrifying rod-shaped bacteria , which exhibit very versatile metabolic capabilities.
Mesorhizobium amorphae is a species of root nodule bacteria first isolated from Amorpha fruticosa species in China.
The name of the genus comes from the type species: Tomato bushy stunt virus.
These fossils are dated from 565 to 575 mya.
Invertebrates, including aphids, leafhoppers, flies, bees, ants, and silkworms, serve as natural hosts.
                  
Like all Plasmodium species, P. globularis has both vertebrate and insect hosts.
Its type strain is ECP37(T) =NBRC 104927(T)) .
            
A different cellobiohydrolase, CpCel48, has been isolated from this species and expressed in an active form within Bacillus subtilis.
It was first identified in 1936 in Tanzania, and has spread to other coastal areas of East Africa, from Kenya to Mozambique.
There are two forms of the disease.
The structure is well characterised to atomic resolution, and the viral particles are thermostable.
                
It has selective tropism for cancers with neuroendocrine features including small cell lung cancer and several pediatric solid tumors including retinoblastoma, neuroblastoma, and medulloblastoma.
Actinoplanes friuliensis is a species of bacteria that produces lipopeptide antibiotics with peptidoglycan synthesis-inhibiting activity, called friulimicins.
DuCV has been clustered in the Circoviridae family genus Circovirus, according to the eighth report of the International Committee on Taxonomy of Viruses.
    {\displaystyle {\begin{array}{lcr}C_{6}H_{12}O_{6}+12U^{6+}+6H_{2}O+24e^{-}\longrightarrow &6CO_{2}+12U^{4+}+24H^{+}\\\qquad Water\ Soluble&Water\ Insoluble\end{array}}}
The vertebrate hosts for this parasite are reptiles.
Roseococcus thiosulfatophilus is a species of bacterium, the type species of its genus.
At present the only known hosts are turkeys and chickens.
Bifidobacterium bifidum is a bacterial species of the Bifidobacterium genus.
                  
Streptomyces roseosporus is a species of actinobacteria.
Pustula obtusata, Goatsbeard White Rust, is an oomycete plant pathogen unrelated to fungal organisms.
Karlodinium ballantinum is a species of unarmored dinoflagellates from the genus Karlodinium.
In either case, the infection can lead to encephalitis or meningitis.
The Turicibacteraceae are a family of Gram-positive bacteria.
Mosquito ferns carrying the cyanobacteria grow on the water in the fields during the growing season.
It is an oligotrophic organism, making it capable of surviving in areas with a very low concentration of nutrients.
The mortality rate is estimated at 5 to 30 percent.
There are currently three species in this genus including the type species Tobacco rattle virus.
Some members of this genus were classified as Thiobacillus spp., before they were reclassified in 2000.
The subgenus Vinckeia was created by Cyril Garnham in 1964 to accommodate the mammalian parasites other than those infecting the primates.
They are commonly found in humans and other species, mostly mammals.
The term is used to refer to the closely related group of phages including the f1, fd and M13 phages.
Iotapapillomavirus is a genus of viruses, in the family Papillomaviridae.
Bacteria serve as natural hosts, with transmission achieved through passive diffusion.
The self-cleavage reactions, first reported in 1986, are part of a rolling circle replication mechanism.
Like all Plasmodium species P. chiricahuae has both vertebrate and insect hosts.
Antilopini is a tribe of medium-sized gazelles and dwarf antelopes that live in and around the Sahara, Horn of Africa, and Eurasia.
The mung bean, alternatively known as the moong bean, green gram, or mung Sanskrit मुद्ग / mudga, is a plant species in the legume family.
As a member of the group I of the Baltimore classification, Listeria phage P100 is a dsDNA viruses.
Ectocarpus is a genus of filamentous brown alga that is a model organism for the genomics of multicellularity.
The research team reported greater success with the Immunitor vaccine than the An Hui Longcom vaccine.
Goniomonas seems to have a number of freshwater relatives which have not yet been cultured and named.
Delftia tsuruhatensis is a Gram-negative, rod-shaped, catalase- and oxidase-positive, motile bacterium from the Comamonadaceae family, which was isolated from a domestic wastewater treatment plant in Japan.
Nostoc is a genus of cyanobacteria found in various environments that forms colonies composed of filaments of moniliform cells in a gelatinous sheath.
Burkholderia eburnea is a Gram-negative, aerobic, non-spore-forming bacterium from the genus Burkholderia and the family Burkholderiaceae which was isolated from peat soil.
The phage has been reported to have the largest genome of all discovered Myoviridae with nearly 700 protein-coding genes.
Some of the forms on important crop plants have been given names as formae speciales, notably f.sp.
The bacterium is loosely coiled and is 6–11 µm long.
S. salivarius has distinct characteristics when exposed to different environmental nutrients.
Other names for the Lymphocryptovirus genus include Lymphocryptoviridae and gamma-1 herpesviruses.
The three economically most important orbiviruses are Bluetongue virus, African horse sickness virus and epizootic hemorrhagic disease virus all of which are transmitted by Culicoides species.
Karlodinium conicum is a species of unarmored dinoflagellates from the genus Karlodinium.
It has a linear, double-stranded DNA genome approximately 190 kbp in length, and which encodes approximately 250 genes.
Khabarovsk virus is a novel hantavirus in the Bunyaviridae family isolated from Microtus fortis discovered in far-east Russia.
Its name derives from the fact that it was first isolated from chill-stored meats.
The rod-shaped, motile bacterium is aerobic and chemoorganotroph.
This ability has been put to use in bioremediation, or the use of microorganisms to biodegrade oil.
Psychrobacter luti is a species of bacterium first isolated from Antarctic environments.
Like all Plasmodium species P. koreafense has both vertebrate and insect hosts.
It infects Vibrio natriegens and was originally isolated from a coastal marsh, a frequent habitat of V. natriegens.
Soybean dwarf virus is a pathogenic plant virus which infects soybeans.
M. gallisepticum has the most significant effect on wild birds.
This bacterium is commonly found in soil, sewer pipes, and cave biofilms called snottites.
A number of strains have been identified.
Pseudomonas pohangensis is a Gram-negative, non-fluorescent, non-sporulating, non-motile, rod-shaped bacterium isolated from seashore sand on Homi cape, near Pohang city, Korea.
They displayed a microaerophilic growth behaviour and used oxygen and nitrate as electron acceptors, but not nitrite, chlorate, sulfate, or ferric iron.
The majority of Cronobacter cases are adults but low-birth-weight preterm neonatal and older infants are highest at risk.
The Microcoleaceae are a family of cyanobacteria.
The viruses are members of the Family Geminiviridae and the Genus Begomovirus.
Older hogs mostly get sick and lose weight after being infected, where as newborn piglets usually die within five days of contracting the virus.
It was known as the Taiwan acute respiratory agent from the names of the two original isolates – Taiwan and an acute respiratory isolate designated AR-39.
The gametophyte is filamentous – while the sporophyte bears parenchyma, even though it only reaches around 4 cm in length.
Grapevine leafroll-associated virus 2 is a virus infecting grapevine in the genus Closterovirus.
The virus can be shed from infected mice via feces and urine, but also via fomites and nasal secretions.
There is currently only one species in this genus: the type species Enterobacteria phage Mu.
Both have more or less typical ammonitic sutures.
As of 2015, there are four species in the genus.
Xanthomonas arboricola is a species of proteobacteria.
Uhligella may have given rise to Beudanticeras and is preceded by another related genus, Zurcherella.
Scrapings of the mucosa from diseased birds can reveal oocysts.
Citrus tristeza virus is a viral species of the Closterovirus genus that causes the most economically damaging disease to its namesake plant genus, Citrus.
The Ff phages are filamentous phages that infect gram negative bacteria bearing the F episome.
It is the type species in the genus.
It is named after G. L. Gilardi, an American microbiologist.
The Xanthobacteraceae are a family of bacteria.
It is most similar to Cellulophaga baltica.
Diseases associated with this genus include: mosaic and ringspot symptoms.
Streptomyces flavofungini is a bacterium species from the genus of Streptomyces which has been isolated from desert sand .
Streptomyces caelestis is a bacterium species from the genus of Streptomyces which has been isolated from soil in Utah in the United States.
The classification here is that of , 1964, in the Treatise on Invertebrate Paleontology.
It was discovered in a commercial nursery in Sardinia, Italy.
It was first isolated from forest soil, under pine trees, in northern Virginia, United States.
Sterolibacterium denitrificans is a gram-negative, rod-shaped motile bacterium with a single polar flagellum from the genus of Rhodocyclus.
Stress factors such as malnutrition and long transport can also predispose animals to disease.
The sporangial sori are scattered on both surfaces of the thalli or are arranged in concentric bands.
Plants and fungi serve as natural hosts.
Current agricultural practices have been ineffective at eliminating the virus, but breeding resistance appears to be the only way to help reduce the disease.
Roseateles depolymerans is an aerobic bacterium from the genus Roseateles, which was isolated from river water.
Cytomegalovirus is a genus of viruses in the order Herpesvirales, in the family Herpesviridae, in the subfamily Betaherpesvirinae.
It may be used for bioremediation of contaminated soils, as it has been shown to degrade a variety of simple aromatic organic compounds.
It is possible that other cases diagnosed as Oroya fever result from this species.
Facultative anaerobic bacteria such as E. aerogenes have a theoretical maximum yield of 2 mol H2/mol glucose.
Devosia epidermidihirudinis is a Gram-negative, rod-shaped bacteria from the genus of Devosia.
The name of the genus is derived from the Greek word Ίνα meaning 'fibre'.
Sporochnacaeae is the only family in order Sporochnales in the brown algae.
It is psychrotolerant, halotolerant, Gram-positive, motile and facultatively anaerobic.
Pediococcus dextrinicus has recently been reassigned to the genus Lactobacillus.
Rotaliata is a class of Foraminifera characterized by tests that are exclusively multichambered, mostly planospiral or trochspiral, or derived from either.
Streptomyces araujoniae is a bacterium species from the genus of Streptomyces which has been isolated from a potato tubercle.
The Halomonadaceae are a family of halophilic Proteobacteria.
Callophyllis is a red algae genus in the family Kallymeniaceae.
Filobacillus milensis is a species of halophilic spore-forming bacteria, the type and only current species of its genus.
Porphyromonas gingivalis belongs to the phylum Bacteroidetes and is a nonmotile, Gram-negative, rod-shaped, anaerobic, pathogenic bacterium.
Streptomyces albogriseolus produces neomycin B and neomycin C.
The Type strain was isolated on 5 March 1966 by C.G.
Enteroviruses are a genus of positive-sense single-stranded RNA viruses associated with several human and mammalian diseases.
Streptomyces muensis is a bacterium species from the genus of Streptomyces which has been isolated frim a limestone quarry from Tangkhul Hundung in Manipur in India.
The order Mononegavirales is the taxonomic home of numerous related viruses.
Eikenella corrodens is a fastidious Gram-negative facultative anaerobic bacillus.
Human infection can be severe, with meningitis, septicaemia, endocarditis, and deafness as possible outcomes of infection.
They are motile due to polar flagella, and grow well on MacConkey agar producing pigmented colonies.
The organism contains a bacterial microcompartment which is capable of processing propanediol.
Members of this family are thus referred to as coronaviruses, as are members of the subfamily Coronavirinae.
Neisseria elongata is a Gram negative bacterium and is different from the other cocci shaped members of the genus Neisseria as it is rod shaped.
Strains of this species were originally isolated from otters and are coagulase-positive.
The Synergistetes is a recently recognized phylum of anaerobic bacteria that show Gram-negative staining and have rod/vibrioid cell shape.
It was originally described in 1990 as Alteromonas tetraodonia but was reclassified in 2001 to the genus Pseudoalteromonas.
Unlike other Neisseria it is catalase negative.
Banana streak was first identified in 1958 in Côte d’Ivoire and is now in many countries in the tropics.
The species is used in the preparation of fermented foods along with Staphylococcus carnosus; both species reduce nitrate and produce ammonia.
Streptomyces cinerochromogenes is a bacterium species from the genus of Streptomyces which has been isolated from soil from Tama Graveyard in Tokyo in Japan.
Leuconostoc gasicomitatum is a bacterium, first associated with spoiled poultry meat in modified-atmosphere packages.
The test wall is composed of imperforate porcelaneous calcite, a character of the Miliolida
Streptomyces naganishii is a bacterium species from the genus of Streptomyces which has been isolated from soil in Japan.
Ostreavirus is a genus of viruses in the order Herpesvirales, in the family Malacoherpesviridae.
Legionella moravica is a Gram-negative bacterium from the genus Legionella which was isolated from cooling-tower water samples in Czechoslovakia.
The virus is found primarily in young children, the elderly, and immunocompromised patients with acute respiratory illness.
Romaniceras is a genus of early Upper Cretaceous ammonites, removed from the Acanthoceratinae to the Euomphaloceratinae.
Sulfurovum lithotrophicum is a species of bacteria, the type species of its genus.
Candidatus Burkholderia hispidae is a bacterium from the genus of Burkholderia and the family Burkholderiaceae.
It is part of the normal flora of the pharynx, but it may sometimes cause head and neck infections, pharyngitis, and sinusitis.
Brucella ovis is a Gram-negative coccobacillus from the Brucellaceae family.
These gram-negative, aerobic bacteria reside in the mucosal membranes of the upper respiratory tract, functioning as commensals.
Mesophilic chemolithoautotrophic growth occurs by oxidation of sulfur compounds coupled to the reduction of nitrate or molecular oxygen.
The suture relatively simple with a long ventral lobe and two lateral lobes.
Pythium oopapillum is a plant pathogen, first isolated in Canada.
Disease rates can reach 100% locally, and therefore cause complete loss of the harvest.
The organism can be found in the respiratory tract and tonsils of both infected and healthy pigs that act as carriers.
Symptoms include trembling of wings and body, loss of flight, loss of hair, and rejection by healthy members of the colony.
Enterococcus malodoratus is a species of the Enterococcus genus and a gram positive bacteria capable of opportunistic pathogenic response.
It is named after Bernhard Fischer, a German microbiologist.
The species was firstly described in United States in 1966 where mass abortions of beagles were documented.
They are primarily spread through arthropod vectors.
Deinococcus marmoris is a species of low temperature and drought-tolerating, UV-resistant bacteria from Antarctica.
It has been implicated in periodontal diseases and is a member of the red complex of periodontal pathogens.
Each RNA encodes a single open reading frame, coding for a polyprotein.
Legionella massiliensis is a Gram-negative bacterium from the genus Legionella which was isolated from water from a cooling tower in Bouches du Rhone in France.
Trypanosoma brucei is a species of parasitic kinetoplastid belonging to the genus Trypanosoma.
Like all Plasmodium species, P. biziurae has both vertebrate and insect hosts.
Antillatoxin and Kalkitoxin have been extracted from the venom of the cyanobacteria.
Human and vertebrates serve as natural hosts.
No specific treatment or vaccine for the virus is available, although a number of potential treatments are being studied.
Chryseobacterium is a genus of Gram-negative bacteria.
These phages are temperate and infect Salmonella and Escherichia coli.
                +
It is a single stranded positive sense RNA virus of approximately 9300 nucleotides and it contains two open reading frames.
P. freudenreichii has also been suggested to possibly lower the incidence of colon cancer.
It is Gram-negative, rod-shaped, non-motile, with type strain n U-8T.
The genus name comes from Shibasaburo Kitasato, a Japanese bacteriologist.
It is a mosquito-borne single positive-stranded RNA virus of the family Flaviviridae; genus Flavivirus.
the genus grows as both plankton and benthic species, free living in colonies or epiphytic.
Burkholderia terricola is a species of bacteria in the phylum Proteobacteria.
It was first isolated in water-oil emulsions used as lubricants and cooling agents for cutting metals.
Streptomyces coeruleoprunus is a bacterium species from the genus of Streptomyces.
It is a member of the Spirochaete family.
It is Gram-negative, non-motile, and facultatively anaerobic.
GLRaV-3 is an economically important virus causing Grapevine leafroll disease in grapevine worldwide.
avium is a species of the phylum Actinobacteria, belonging to the genus Mycobacterium.
Yersinia frederiksenii is a Gram-negative species of bacteria.
baumannii complex, which is relatively simple to identify based on the beforementioned phenotypic characteristics.
                  
It is a type of viral hemorrhagic fever.
Mycobacterium heidelbergense is a Gram-positive, nonmotile, acid-fast coccobacillus.
Neisseria is a large genus of bacteria that colonize the mucosal surfaces of many animals.
Geobacillus jurassicus is a thermophilic bacterium first isolated from a high-temperature petroleum reservoir.
Genetic studies indicate that some foraminiferans with agglutinated tests, previously included in the Textulariida or as their own order Astrorhizida, may also belong here.
Herbaspirillum frisingense is a nitrogen-fixing bacterium which was found in C4-fibre plants like prairie cordgrass, Chinese silver grass,, Amur silver-grass, and Napier grass.
The yeast is most commonly Candida humilis.
Methylobacillus is a genus of Gram-negative methylotrophic bacteria.
Within this genus, two species have been described to date: Pandoravirus dulcis and Pandoravirus salinus.
The coronavirus genera are each composed of varying viral lineages with the betacoronavirus genus containing four such lineages.
The fronds are not honeycombed like D. antarctica.
It can also be transmitted in seeds and by the parasitic weeds, Cuscuta sp..
Desmotrichum is a genus of brown alga.
Streptomyces cinereospinus is a bacterium species from the genus of Streptomyces.
Plasmodium ovale is a species of parasitic protozoa that causes tertian malaria in humans.
A confirmed case will usually result in the establishment of a quarantine zone around the farm.
These infections manifest themselves as skin or soft tissue infections after an animal bite.
This family is poorly studied and little is known about these viruses.
The prognosis for this form is poor.
Others, such as the Dengue virus, are spread by blood-sucking insects.
They range from spherical forms, such as Megasphaera and Veillonella, to curved rods, as typified by the selenomonads.
Colonies of P. litoralis are yellow colored.
Actinomorpha is a genus of valcouroceratid, Order Oncocerida, from the Middle Ordovician of central North America, named by Rousseau Flower, 1943.
Infection outcome varies from unapparent to lethal.
Himanthalia elongata is a brown alga in the order Fucales, also known by the common names thongweed, sea thong and sea spaghetti.
The autolysis of P. freudenreichii has been suggested to contribute further to the flavor of the Emmental cheese.
In August, when the grubs are close to the surface and feeding, they are vulnerable to infestation by milky spore.
Additionally, vector management and cross-protection help to minimize transmission and symptom development.
Its colonies have a smooth and glistening surface.
There are currently only two species in this genus including the type species Carnivore amdoparvovirus 1.
Gemmiger formicilis is a bacterium from the genus of Gemmiger.
With this advantage, it can spread on dust particles.
Allexivirus is a genus of viruses in the order Tymovirales, in the family Alphaflexiviridae.
The method has been described since as the ABE process,, yielding 3 parts of acetone, 6 of butanol, and 1 of ethanol.
The vertebrate hosts for this parasite are reptiles.
When grown on solid media B. mycoides forms spreading colonies with a repeating spiral pattern.
Also, the root cap enables geoperception or gravitropism.
To replicate its genetic content requires host cell DNA polymerases and, hence, the process is highly dependent on the cell cycle.
P. cichorii was first isolated on endives, from which it derives its name.
Pseudolabrys is a genus of bacteria from the family of Xanthobacteraceae.
Heimalora has been identified in a wide range of facies and locations globally.
Colwellia demingiae is a psychrophilic Antarctic bacterial species with the ability to synthesize docosahexaenoic acid.
The virus has a wide host range that includes field grown crops, ornamentals and weeds.
"Trematum" pertains to open things, and refers to the presence of bacteria in wounds and other exposed parts of the body.
The organism is a gram -Ve long Rod with mycelial like growth when grown on agar.
Leukopenia with both lymphocytes and neutrophils is very common for Colorado tick fever virus.
Petunia asteroid mosaic virus is a plant pathogenic virus of the family Tombusviridae, infecting grapevine.
The virus was isolated in the late 1970s by Karl M. Johnson and Ho-Wang Lee.
Like slime molds in general, it is sensitive to light; in particular, light can repel the slime mold and be a factor in triggering spore growth.
It was named in recognition of Barry Holmes, a biologist.
Mycobacterium holsaticum is a species of the phylum actinobacteria, belonging to the genus mycobacterium.
Free swimming dinospores is extremely vulnerable to copper compounds.
Pseudopedobacter saltans is a species of heparinase-producing bacteria.
In culture, this species shows a uniform, dome-shaped and cottonwool-like colony growth pattern.
The cells are relatively large, usually 2.5-6.4 μm long and 2.0-2.8 μm wide, though giant cells that are 10.0-13.5 μm have been described.
Prevotella species are part of the human oral and vaginal flora.
Streptomyces fradiae is a species of Actinobacteria.
The family has been of an interest to scientists for centuries in their ability to associate with plants and modify plant development.
These characteristics of its natural habitat allows for GLB44 to survive in foods that are plant based and remain unaffected when stored in refrigerator temperatures.
It infects humans and animals and causes the disease melioidosis.
Bacteria of this genus also form root nodules.
The particular pigments they contain gives the cells a bluish-green color.
Once characterised, it has since been found to be present in failed root canal treatments.
Merismopedia is a genus of cyanobacteria found in fresh and salt water.
The first alphasatellites were described in 1999 and were associated with cotton leaf curl disease and Ageratum yellow vein disease.
The white-footed mouse in the eastern United States is the principal host of New York virus.
It is a member of the Phaeophyta in the order Dictyosiphonales and grows attached to shells and stones in rock-pools and in near-shore waters.
Viruses like Sputnik that depend on co-infection of the host cell by helper viruses are known as satellite viruses.
Amycolatopsis orientalis previously known as Streptomyces orientalis is a bacterium.
Helenium virus S is a plant pathogenic virus.
Studies show they are not a monophyletic group, and their relationships are not entirely certain.
Streptomyces lateritius is a bacterium species from the genus of Streptomyces which has been isolated from soil.
It was first isolated from Gwangyang Bay and forms yellow-brown colonies requiring chlorides of both magnesium and calcium.
Undaria is a genus of kelp that includes Undaria pinnatifida.
IBV affects the performance of both meat producing and egg producing chickens and is responsible for substantial economic loss within the poultry industry.
The Parvoviridae family has two subfamilies; the Parvovirinae and the Densovirinae.
Lesions may also develop on the muzzles and in the mouths of nursing calves.
Streptomyces hirsutus is a bacterium species from the genus of Streptomyces which has been isolated from soil in Switzerland.
Two complete F1F0 ATP synthase pathways are also present in this bacterium: this might explain its ability to produce ATP at both high and low pressure.
Mycobacterium hodleri is a species of the phylum actinobacteria, belonging to the genus mycobacterium.
The type strain of the species was isolated from Lake Mondsee in Austria.
It does not appear that one person can infect another person.
Natural infections have also been seen in avocados and infections in other solanaceous crops have been induced in the laboratory.
Therefore, for clinical purposes they are often considered together as a group, called the mutans streptococci.
The vertebrate hosts for this parasite are mammals.
Chondroplon bilobatum is a medusoid Ediacaran fossil.
There is currently only one species in this genus: the type species Halobacterium phage phiH.
Plasmodium holaspi is a parasite of the genus Plasmodium.
Repeated infection in the same individual is, therefore, possible, and this complicates vaccine design.
Virus-vector interactions, and the inability to transmit the virus via sap were established by Frazier.
The specimen we were given was a brown marine algae measuring approximately 40 cm in height, 20 cm in width.
Glaciecola pallidula is a psychrophilic bacteria found in Antarctic sea-ice habitats, being the type species of its genus.
Type strain: strain ATCC 51131 = CCUG 39185 = CDC 90-0899 = CIP 106109 = DSM 44243 = JCM 12373.
Like all Plasmodium species P. audaciosum has both vertebrate and insect hosts.
C. psittaci in birds is often systemic and infections can be inapparent, severe, acute or chronic with intermittent shedding.
These inclusions can be seen in the light microscope in leaf strips of infected plant tissue stained with Orange-Green but not Azure A  .
It consists of exogenous horizontally transmitted viruses found in several groups of mammals.
Bradyrhizobium pachyrhizi is a bacterium from the genus of Bradyrhizobium which was isolated from nodules of Pachyrhizus erosus in Guanacaste in Costa Rica.
Plasmodium chiricahuae is a parasite of the genus Plasmodium subgenus Lacertaemoba.
Brachyspira aalborgi is a species of bacteria, one of the causative agents of intestinal spirochetosis.
S. algae is also a facultative anaerobe with the ability to reduce iron, uranium and plutonium metabolically.
It is epiphytic and has been demonstrated to antagonise the fungal plant pathogen Botrytis cinerea.
There are currently 49 species in this family, divided among 7 genera.
Bocaparvovirus is a genus of viruses, in the family Parvoviridae, in the subfamily Parvovirinae.
                  e
This disease mainly affects the United States.
The bacterial species characteristically produces the antimicrobial compounds pyoluteorin and 2,4-diacetylphloroglucinol which are active against various plant pathogens.
Streptomyces avidinii is a bacterium species from the genus of Streptomyces which produces streptavidin.
At cooler temperatures, asexual reproduction took place in multi-chambered "mitosporangia".
Streptomyces bottropensis is a bacterium species from the genus of Streptomyces which has isolated from soil.
The five genera Jeotgalicoccus, Macrococcus, Nosocomiicoccus, Salinicoccus, and Staphylococcus have been shown to be monophyletic, while Gemella appears to be polyphyletic.
Variovorax boronicumulans is a Gram-negative, catalase- and oxidase-positive, nonspore-forming, rod-shaped, motile bacterium from the genus Variovorax.
Legionella hackeliae is a Gram-negative bacterium from the genus Legionella which was isolated from human lung aspirate in Pennsylvania.
Species recorded from Ireland include: Tribonema affine G.S.
Until 2011, chicken anemia virus was the only Gyrovirus identified, but since then gyroviruses have also been identified in humans.
They can cause infection in debilitated patients.
It dominates the ecosystem at 8 to 22 cm above the mud surface at the bottom the sea where it grew.
Colonies of A. incenata are light brown in color.
Based on 16S rRNA analysis, P. balearica has been placed in the P. stutzeri group.
Oryza sativa for RDV and RGDV, dicotyledonous for WTV, and leafhoppers serve as natural hosts.
According to researchers Fan and Wernegreen, this experiment suggests that the Blochmannia in ants could be vulnerable to the effects of global warming.
The virus contains around 1.9 million DNA bases and about 1500 genes.
Ilarvirus is a genus of viruses, in the family Bromoviridae.
It causes severe acute respiratory syndrome in bats.
Ascoseira is a monotypic genus of seaweed in the brown algae.
The family Cytophagaceae is composed of eleven genera of environmental bacteria.
Bartonella is a genus of Gram-negative bacteria.
Staphylococcus muscae is a Gram-positive coccoid bacterium belonging to the genus Staphylococcus.
Mycobacterium hiberniae is a species of the phylum actinobacteria, belonging to the genus mycobacterium.
Migratory waterfowl are a major factor in the spread of this disease as they are often asymptomatic carriers of disease.
Up to now there is only one species of this genus known.
Rhodobacter sphaeroides is a kind of purple bacterium; a group of bacteria that can obtain energy through photosynthesis.
Syntrophobacter fumaroxidans is a species of syntrophic propionate-degrading sulfate-reducing bacterium.
Mannheimia phage phiMhaA1-PHL101 is a lysogenic phage.
Sutures are with fewer auxiliary elements than on latter Placenticeras.
Bacteriovorax stolpii is a species of bacterium in the family Bacteriovoracaceae.
The epidemiology of how koalas and gibbons came to share such similar viruses remains unclear.
The disease is found in Mexico, throughout Central America and the Caribbean region.
Species or strains in this genus are coccoid or pleomorphic cells that reside in cytoplasmic vacuoles within monocytes and macrophages of dogs, horses, bats, and humans.
As recently as 1967, the World Health Organization estimated that 15 million people contracted the disease and that two million died in that year.
Red and white patches appearing on gills
Norovirus infection is characterized by nausea, vomiting, watery diarrhea, abdominal pain, and in some cases, loss of taste.
The Haemophilus genus is a notorious human pathogen associated with bacteremia, pneumonia, meningitis and chancroid.
Gammaflexiviridae is a family of viruses in the order Tymovirales.
Pedobacter is a genus of Gram-negative soil-associated bacteria.
The cells are small, spherical, and can occur in short chains, in pairs or individually.
Eimeria bufomarini is a species of coccidium, known to infect the epithelial cells of the intestines of Brazilian Cane Toads.
Some members of the genus Bacteroides are opportunistic pathogens.
L. cherrii is similar to another Legionella species, L. pneumophila, and is believed to cause major respiratory problems.
Achromobacter obae is a bacterium from the genus Achromobacter which contains the enzyme alpha-amino-epsilon-caprolactam racemase.
LDV specifically causes lifelong persistent viremia in mice, but doesn't really harm the host and only slightly harms the immune system.
S. epidermidis is a particular concern for people with catheters or other surgical implants because it is known to form biofilms that grow on these devices.
Bean calico mosaic virus is a plant virus transmitted by whiteflies that infects bean genera and species within the families Fabaceae, Malvaceae, and Solanaceae.
Peduovirinae is a subfamily of viruses in the order Caudovirales, in the family Myoviridae.
Streptomyces almquistii is a bacterium species from the genus of Streptomyces.
The virus is transmitted most efficiently by the brown citrus aphid.
Mycobacterium cookii is a species of the phylum actinobacteria, belonging to the genus mycobacterium.
Pseudomonas lundensis is a Gram-negative, rod-shaped bacterium that often causes spoilage of milk, cheese, meat, and fish.
Growth occurs at the tips of these structures as a result of divisions in a single apical cell or in a row of such cells.
They can use simple sugars when available; however, the main sources of energy for Bacteroides species in the gut are complex host-derived and plant glycans.
Vagococcus fluvialis is a species of bacteria.
Pecluvirus is a genus of viruses, in the family Virgaviridae.
Mupapillomavirus is a genus of viruses, in the family Papillomaviridae.
Arenaviruses are divided into two groups: the Old World and the New World viruses.
This was confirmed in a study that infected hamsters with CHOV.
Some species are bloom forming diatoms in eutrophic lakes.
They list it for urgent research and development.
One of the obstacles to treatment of the human immunodeficiency virus is its high genetic variability.
Channel Catfish virus is a member of the Alloherpesviridae family that causes disease in catfish.
The virus is very resistant in the environment, making elimination very difficult.
Plasmodium clelandi is a parasite of the genus Plasmodium subgenus Carinamoeba.
Hart Park virus, or HP virus, is a single-stranded RNA arbovirus that is primarily transmitted through mosquitoes.
Like all species in this genus it has both vertebrate and insect hosts.
Thauera phenylacetica is a bacterium from the genus of Thauera.
Navicula is a genus of boat-shaped algae — primarily aquatic, eukaryotic, photosynthetic organisms, ranging in size from a single cell.
It is Gram-positive, rod-shaped and moderately halophilic, originally isolated from fermented fish in Thailand.
Most rice varieties of Oryza sativa japonica and Oryza sativa indica are susceptible to RRSV though several resistant varieties are available.
Psychrobacter frigidicola is a psychrophilic, oxidase-positive, halotolerant, Gram-negative, nonmotile bacterium of the genus Psychrobacter which was isolated from the Antarctic.
Unlike other species of Comamonas, C. denitrificans can reduce nitrate to nitrogen gas.
RNA trees separate it from the others, however, and it is given its own family.
Colwellia rossensis is a psychrophilic Antarctic bacterial species with the ability to synthesize docosahexaenoic acid.
It causes granulomatous lesions, characteristic of the Mycobacterium genus.
Plasmodium fairchildi is a parasite of the genus Plasmodium.
Unlike cacao swollen-shoot virus, it is not transmitted by mealybugs nor vectored by aphids, beetles or leafhoppers that also commonly infest cacao.
Streptomyces coeruleorubidus produces the following medications: pacidamycin 1, baumycin B1, baumycin B2, baumycin C1, feudomycin A, feudomycin B, feudomycin C, ficellomycin, feudomycinone A, and rubomycin.
It is distinguished by its trypsin-like activity, the absence of the ability to hydrolyse proline and tributyrin, its 16S rRNA and citrate synthase gene sequences.
Type strain: strain E9789-SA12441 = ATCC 33464 = CCUG 37667 = CIP 105395 = DSM 44191 = HAMBI 2271 = JCM 6369.
It is a homofermentative, sphere-shaped lactic acid bacteria.
Xanthomonas phaseoli is a species of proteobacteria.
Dinobryaceae is a family of algae in the order Chromulinales comprising approximately 23 genera.
Though commercialization of the viral pesticide is slow as the virus is very species specific, making it effective under certain circumstances.
An estimated one billion living cells of P. freudenreichii are present in one gram of Emmental.
Many species are aquatic and are either free-floating or grow attached to a submerged substrate, while others species grow on terrestrial rocks, wood, soil, or plants.
Pea enation mosaic virus is a plant pathogenic virus.
This can lead to degradation of critical components and necessitates replacement of the parts or preventive measures dealing with microbial contamination.
They are commonly found in fermented vegetables, fermented dairy products, and meat.
Morphologically, these viruses have much in common with the much more widely studied nucleopolyhedroviruses, a genus of arthropod viruses in the Baculovirus family.
B. avium was first described as Alcaligenes faecalis.
It has also been associated with colorectal cancer and other diseases.
The genus Desmarestia is named after the French zoologist Anselme-Gaétan Desmarest.
Leonardoceras has a poorly preserved, narrow siphuncle, apparently with thin connecting rings characteristic of the Oncocerida and later Nautilida.
The organisms are ubiquitous in fresh and brackish water.
There is only one species in this genus: the type species Aurantiochytrium single-stranded RNA virus 01.
Deleya halophila is a salt-loving, gram-negative bacteria.
The virus has a limited host range, and barley appears to be the only known susceptible host.
Bean pod mottle virus, or BPMV, is a species of plant pathogenic virus in the family Secoviridae.
Comamonas nitrativorans is a Gram-negative, oxidase- and catalase-positive bacterium from the genus Comamonas, which was isolated from a denitrifying reactor treating landfill leachate.
H. rappini has also been isolated from the feces of healthy people, dogs, and mice, as well as from patients with bacteremia.
The disease heals within a few weeks.
Burkholderia thailandensis is a nonfermenting motile, Gram-negative bacillus that occurs naturally in soil.
As few as 10 bacterial cells per fish can cause an infection.
There are currently over 100 species in this family, divided among four genera.
Bean pod mottle virus Table of Contents
There are currently four species in this genus including the type species Beet necrotic yellow vein virus.
M. phlei has only occasionally been isolated in human infections, and patients infected with M. phlei generally respond well to anti-mycobacterial therapy.
Their name is derived from the opalescent appearance of these microscopic organisms when illuminated with full sunlight.
Colonies of Burkholderia oklahomensis are white colored.
Specifically, it causes beet vascular necrosis and blackleg of potato and other vegetables, as well as slime flux on many different tree species.
Wigglesworthia glossinidia is a species of gram-negative bacteria which was isolated from the gut of the tsetse fly.
Coxsackie A virus is a cytolytic Coxsackievirus of the Picornaviridae family, an enterovirus.
Cylindrospermopsis is a planktonic genus of filamentous cyanobacteria known for its blooms in eutrophic waters.
Giardiavirus is a genus of viruses, in the family Totiviridae.
Filaments in the colonies can slide back and forth against each other until the whole mass is reoriented to its light source.
Streptomyces pentaticus is a bacterium species in the genus Streptomyces.
Its cells are motile and rod-shaped, having multiple subpolar flagella and multilayered gram-variable cell walls.
Spiraviridae is a family of single stranded DNA viruses that infect archeae.
Peach latent mosaic viroid is horizontally spread from plant to plant across a field by propagation of infected buds, pruning tools and green peach aphids.
The first viroid discovered was a pospiviroid, the PSTVd species.
Chambers are tubular, one-half coil in length, at first added in a sigmoiline series starting at slightly more than 180° apart.
The Pospiviroidae are a family of viroids, including the first viroid to be discovered, PSTVd.
The coat protein derives from RNA2 and forms the icosahedral capsid of 60 identical protein subunits.
ASFV is a large, double-stranded DNA virus which replicates in the cytoplasm of infected cells, and is the only member of the Asfarviridae family.
It was first isolated from soda lakes in northern Russia.
Gastrointestinal, respiratory and neurological signs have also been reported.
M. catarrhalis is the clinically most important species under this genus.
Micromonospora coxensis is an endophytic actinomycete first isolated from sandy soil in Bangladesh; it produces single, non-motile nodular spore surfaces.
CCCVd directly affects the production of copra, a raw material for coconut oil and animal feed.
The mite's ability to transmit a number of different viruses to cereal crops make it an economically important agricultural pest.
This bacterium is physically similar to the phylogenetically related surgeonfish intestinal symbiont Epulopiscium fishelsoni.
The vertebrate hosts for this parasite are reptiles.
Plasmodium schwetzi is a parasite of the genus Plasmodium subgenus Plasmodium.
Pedomicrobium americanum is a bacterium from the genus of Pedomicrobium which has been isolated from freshwater in New York in the United States.
It is Gram-positive, catalase-negative, non-spore-forming, non-motile rod-shaped and homofermentative, with type strain OND 32T.
Based on 16S rRNA gene sequences, it is most similar to S. peroris.
H. canariense is able to produce siderophores in vitro like H. seropedicae.
Lactobacillus sanfranciscensis is a species of lactic acid bacteria which, through the production mainly of lactic and acetic acids, helps give sourdough bread its characteristic taste.
Legionella spiritensis is a Gram-negative bacterium from the genus Legionella which was isolated from the Spirit Lake near Mount St. Helens.
Legionella gratiana is a Gram-negative bacterium from the genus Legionella which was isolated from water in the Savoy region in France from a thermal spa.
Candidatus Devosia euplotis is a endosymbiont Candidatus bacteria from the genus of Devosia.
The bacteria also colonized the cecal and colonic mucosae of mice.
Nanoplantica is the only freshwater species in this genus.
A 34-year-old woman who died in Amsterdam on December 8, 2007 was the third recorded fatality.
Peach rosette mosaic virus is a plant pathogenic virus of the family Secoviridae, infecting peaches and nectarines, and grapevine.
Strawberry latent C virus is a plant pathogenic virus of the family Rhabdoviridae.
The structure of the virus was determined to 3.2 Ångstrom resolution using x-ray crystallography in 1986.
There are currently five species in this genus including the type species Sendai virus.
They have also been found in other Sesbania species.
The diagnosis can be confirmed by excisional biopsy.
Unlike Bdellovibrio, a genus in the Deltaproteobacteria Micavibrio do not invade the periplasmic space of their prey, but feed by attaching themselves to its surface.
It was discovered by Heinrich Anton de Bary in 1855, apparently near Frankfurt am Main.
Genera with flagellate gametes are included in the Lagynidae, those with amoeboid gametes are included in the Allogromiidae.
For the settlement in Algeria, see M'Lili.
It includes the families Coronaviridae, Arteriviridae, Roniviridae and Mesoniviridae.
SPLV is serologically related to, but distinct from SPFMV.
There is evidence for a p53-dependent mechanism.
It was discovered in the 1990s from rodent species in Los Llanos in Venezuela.
Infections are a significant agricultural burden, resulting in decreased yield and quality of crops.
Papaya mosaic virus is a plant pathogenic virus in the genus Potexvirus and the family Alphaflexiviridae.
The species of Klebsiella are all gram-negative and non-motile.
                    2
It is difficult to grow in laboratories due to its complex nutritional requirements and the high chances of contamination associated with mycoplasma culture.
Chlorobium tepidum is an anaerobic, thermophilic green sulfur bacteria first isolated from New Zealand.
Ahmed, Rifat; Siddiqui, Khaizran; Ahmed, Nuzhat.. "Characterization of high molecular weight dextran produced by Weissella cibaria CMGDEX3".
As its name implies, herpesvirus gorilla infects gorillas.
It was isolated from a hot spring in Graendalur in southwestern Iceland.
and low, strongly curved back at the periphery to form chamber prolongations.
In cultivated crops plants cease producing marketable fruits within 1–2 weeks of infection and serious financial losses can occur, particularly in courgette and marrow crops.
It should not be confused with Rickettsia.
Copiparvovirus is a genus of viruses, in the family Parvoviridae, in the subfamily Parvovirinae.
Aeromonas dhakensis is a Gram-negative bacterium first isolated from aquariums in Portugal in 2005.
There are 99 recognized types of human rhinoviruses that differ according to their surface proteins.
Moreover, many of the open reading frames on CII seem to code for proteins of unknown function.
It also possesses properties of electrosynthesis, producing acetate on cathodes.
To replicate its genetic content requires host cell DNA polymerases and, hence, the process is highly dependent on the cell cycle.
Laserpitium is a genus of plants belonging to the family Apiaceae.
Rats colonized by K. terrigena showed greater melamine-induced kidney damage compared to those not colonized.
Bean yellow mosaic virus is a plant pathogenic virus in the genus Potyvirus and the virus family Potyviridae.
The rinderpest virus was closely related to the measles and canine distemper viruses.
Sphingobium francense is a hexachlorocyclohexane-degrading bacteria with type strain MTCC 6363T.
Pseudomonas vancouverensis is a Gram-negative soil bacterium that grows on pulp mill effluents with resin acids.
It is 3.0 to 5.0 µm long with a bacillus shape and can be stained by Ziehl-Neelsen method and the auramine-rhodamine fluorescent method.
S. intermedius has been isolated from patients with periodontitis and fatal purulent infections, especially brain and liver abscesses.
It causes disease in the European badger.
To prevent the infection of this virus, two vaccinations have been developed.
Mulikevirus is a genus of viruses in the order Caudovirales, in the family Myoviridae.
Parasutterella excrementihominis is a Gram-negative, strictly anaerobic, nonspore-forming bacterium of the genus Parasutterella in the family Sutterellaceae, isolated from human faeces.
Generally these serotypes do not spread to other localities.
There is currently only one species in this genus: the type species Potato virus T.
Halomonas desiderata is an alkaliphilic, halotolerant and denitrifying bacterium first isolated from a municipal sewage works.
Equine herpesvirus 1 is a virus of the family Herpesviridae that causes abortion, respiratory disease and occasionally neonatal mortality in horses.
Apart from its host-specificity, this coccidium can be recognised by the subspherical oocytes with unusually thick walls appearing distinctly greenish in colour.
Up to now there is only one species of this genus known
Phylogenetic analysis has shown G. singularis belongs to the Oxalobacteraceae family and is very similar to Glaciimonas immobilis.
Tymoviridae is a family of single-stranded positive sense RNA viruses in the order Tymovirales.
Strawberry mild yellow-edge virus is a pathogenic plant virus.
Water moulds are not true fungi since they belong to the kingdom of chromalveolates.
Lymphoid leukosis is the most common form of this disease and with typical presentation of gradual onset, persistent low mortality, and neoplasia of the bursa.
Plasmodium papernai is a parasite of the genus Plasmodium subgenus Novyella.
They have been reported from over 3200 species of lizard but only 29 species of snake.
It is an ungrouped member of the third Runyon.
Control measures may include sanitizing pruning equipment between plants.
It is commonly found in many human habitats such as our intestinal tracts and mouths as well as sewages, silages, and previously mentioned dairy products.
Gammatorquevirus is a recently discovered genus in the new family of Anelloviridae, in group II in the Baltimore classification.
The genus is named for California Academy of Sciences curator, Gustav Eisen.
Herbaspirillum is a genus of bacteria, including the nitrogen-fixing Herbaspirillum lusitanum.
BoHV-1 is also a contributing factor in shipping fever, also known as bovine respiratory disease.
Pythium mastophorum is a plant pathogen infecting pocketbook plants.
First, it was the largest mass vaccination effort ever conducted for smallpox in America, and second, it marked the last outbreak of smallpox in America.
However, no economic loss has been reported from these alternate host infections.
Some strains are opportunistic pathogens in humans and can cause urinary tract infections, particularly in patients with long-term indwelling urinary catheters or extensive severe burns.
It is unable to ferment organic substances; it obtains energy for growth by anaerobic sulfur respiration.
Undibacterium is a genus of Gram-negative, oxidase- and catalase-positive Betaproteobacteria in the Oxalobacteraceae family.
The Pseudomonadales are an order of Proteobacteria.
Once vaccinated, a patient develops antibodies that make them immune to cowpox, but they also develop immunity to the smallpox virus, or Variola virus.
The middle CVV segment has a 4463-nucleotide sequence and the smallest segment encodes for the nucleocapsid, and a second non-structural protein.
Lactic acid is the main end product of their characteristic heterofermentative carbohydrate metabolism.
Infection decreases yield by 25% within one year, 50% within two years and usually kills trees within 3–4 years.
V. harveyi is rod-shaped, motile, facultatively anaerobic, halophilic, and competent for both fermentative and respiratory metabolism.
Its name comes from the Zika Forest of Uganda, where the virus was first isolated in 1947.
Petuvirus is a genus of viruses, in the family Caulimoviridae.
Diseases associated with this genus include: warts of the skin and alimentary tract; possibly responsible for the skin tumour equine sarcoid in horses and donkeys.
This group is typical of Murrayoceras in all features except that the siphuncle segments are convex in outline.
The newly discovered microbes could shed light into the origins of life on Earth.
VHS is caused by viral hemorrhagic septicemia virus, different strains of which occur in different regions, and affect different species.
Acidovorax oryzae is a bacterium from the Comamonadaceae family which is closely related to Acidovorax citrulli.
Filifactor villosus, previously known as Clostridium villosum, is a bacterium belonging to the Firmicutes.
There are currently three species in this genus including the type species Rice tungro spherical virus.
Edwardsiella tarda is a member of the Enterobacteriaceae family.
Burkholderia diffusa is a gram-negative, aerobic, non-spore-forming bacterium from the genus of Burkholderia and the family of Burkholderiaceae which belongs to the Burkholderia cepacia complex.
Forbesiceras is an ammonite that lived during the Cenomanian stage of the Late Cretaceous.
Alfamovirus is a genus of viruses, in the family Bromoviridae.
Tymovirus is a genus of viruses in the order Tymovirales, in the family Tymoviridae.
Actinomyces viscosus is a human and animal pathogen/pathobiont which colonises the mouths of 70% of adult humans.
Citrus leaf rugose virus is a plant pathogenic virus of the family Bromoviridae.
Azonexus hydrophilus is a gram negative, facultatively aerobic, rod-shaped bacterium from the genus of Azonexus which was isolated from freshwater.
The best studied species of spiroplasmas are Spiroplasma citri, the causative agent of Citrus Stubborn Disease, and Spiroplasma kunkelii, the causative agent of Corn Stunt Disease.
Although other single-stranded DNA viruses which infect diatoms have been discovered, C. tenuissimus DNA virus, C. lorenzianus DNA virus, C. sp.
Desulfurella acetivorans is a thermophilic acetate-oxidizing sulfur-reducing eubacterium.
Adeno-associated virus is a small virus which infects humans and some other primate species.
Bovine herpesvirus 2 is a virus of the family Herpesviridae that causes two diseases in cattle, bovine mammillitis and pseudo-lumpy skin disease.
Rodents and human serve as natural hosts.
Collinsella is a genus of Actinobacteria, in the family Coriobacteriaceae.
The Chamaesiphonaceae are a family of cyanobacteria.
Many C. psittaci strains are susceptible to bacteriophages.
It has two flagella: a short anterior projecting flagellum and a longer posterior-projecting flagellum without hairs that extends beyond the length of the cell.
Each chromosome has a distinct and independent origin of replication, and are conserved together over time in the genus.
The photosynthetic coccoid cells are preferentially found in well–lit surface waters where it can be very abundant.
Rabies transmission can occur through the saliva of animals and less commonly through contact with human saliva.
Cunningtoniceras is a stocky acanthoceratid ammonite from the upper Cenomanian stage of the late Cretaceous of the western U.S., found e.g.
The parasites undergo complex morphological changes as they move between insect and mammal over the course of their life cycle.
The current consensus is that the feline panleukopenia mutated into CPV2.
Lactobacillus gallinarum is a species in the genus Lactobacillus.
Rodents that belong to the betaherpesvirinae subfamily of herpesviruses serve as natural hosts.
The glycoprotein B gene of the chimpanzee Lymphocryptovirus is virtually identical to the corresponding gene in the orangutan lymphocryptovirus.
It was originally classified by Mikhail A. Fedonkin as belonging to the problematic Arthropod Class "Paratrilobita."
Pythium spinosum is a plant pathogen infecting rice, Primula and Impatiens.
While not inside an infected cell or in the process of infecting a cell, viruses exist in the form of independent particles.
Microbacterium dextranolyticum is a bacterium of the family Microbacteriaceae, with type strain IFO 14592.
Variation in virulence of the virus has been observed in isolates from Central Africa where strains are more virulent than those from Western Africa.
Parapoxviruses have a unique spiral coat that distinguishes them from other poxviruses.
Potato virus U is a pathogenic plant virus discovered in Peru in 1983.
Analysis of its 16S rRNA gene confirms that the species is distinct from Mycobacterium leprae.
Luteovirus is a genus of viruses, in the family Luteoviridae.
Chlamydophila felis is a bacterium endemic among domestic cats worldwide, primarily causing inflammation of feline conjunctiva, rhinitis and respiratory problems.
Reinfection is possible because of the short duration of immunity.
Genetic methods have revealed even greater complexity than had been previously described.
Rhinosporidium seeberi is a eukaryotic pathogen responsible for rhinosporidiosis, a disease which affects humans, horses, dogs, and to a lesser extent cattle, cats, foxes, and birds.
The original familial distinction was based on the ability to fix nitrogen, but a few Pseudomonadaceae have been found to fix nitrogen, as well.
Alcaligenes cupidus is a bacterium from the genus Alcaligenes which was isolated from seawater.
piscicida is a gram-negative rod-shaped bacterium that causes disease in fish.
The species is pathogenic and can cause leptospirosis, most commonly in pigs.
The host is termed a lysogen when a prophage is present.
Members of this genus were transferred to new genera in families Nocardiaceae, Streptosporangiaceae and Pseudonocardiaceae.
These bacteria have thick cell walls that give them Gram-positive stains, but they include a second membrane and so are closer in structure to Gram-negative bacteria.
Ampelovirus is a genus of viruses, in the family Closteroviridae.
It is Gram-positive, with type strain A1-22(T) =JCM 11411(T) =DSM 44587(T)).
Bacteria serve as the natural host, with transmission achieved through passive diffusion.
After assembly, the host cell lyses and releases the new viruses.
Infected plants can have less desirable flowers or other problems, causing significant financial losses to orchid growers.
It was formerly thought to cause cat scratch disease.
Corynebacteria occur within the normal flora of the human body.
Poinsettia mosaic virus is a pathogenic plant virus.
Anulavirus is a genus of viruses, in the family Bromoviridae.
One gammaretrovirus, Xenotropic murine leukemia virus-related virus, is a recombinant virus created in a laboratory accident in the mid-1990s.
Entomoplasma freundtii is a mollicute bacteria species that can be isolated from the green tiger beetle.
Sporolactobacillus is a genus of anaerobic, endospore-forming, Gram-positive, motile, rod-shaped, lactic acid bacteria.
Photorhizobium thompsonianum is a bacterium from the genus of Photorhizobium.
Unlike most living things, viruses do not have cells that divide; new viruses are assembled in the infected host cell.
It can also be released in the urine of a recovered dog for up to a year.
A. thiooxidans is used in the mining technique known as bioleaching, where metals are extracted from their ores through the action of microbes.
Furovirus is a genus of viruses, in the family Virgaviridae.
If this occurs, the risk of bleeding and kidney problems is also increased.
The ticks which carry the disease occur in Africa and the Caribbean, and feed on a wide variety of vertebrate hosts.
All avulaviruses hemagglutinate chicken RBCs except for avian paramyxovirus 5 which does not hemagglutinate RBCs from any species.
Like all species in this genus it has both vertebrate and insect hosts.
In addition to the Ediacara Hills in South Australia Chondroplon is also found in the White Sea area of Russia.
The periphery angular to carinate; the aperture an interiomarginal slit on the umbilical side, bordered by a lip.
Even in cases where genes have low homology, the rLCV infection genes are functionally interchangeable with EBV genes.
It is able to use cyanide as a nitrogen source, and as a result, it may be used for bioremediation.
In the Caribbean, at least, the cattle egret has been implicated in the spread of heartwater since it colonized the islands in the 1950s.
ochotensis Okamura 1936, and Laminaria ochotensis Miyabe 1902.
Syntrophaceticus schinkii is a species of anaerobic, syntrophic acetate-oxidizing bacterium, the type species of its genus.
Its genome is about 11000 bases of positive-sense single stranded RNA that codes for three structural proteins and seven nonstructural proteins.
The incidence of invasive disease has been reported to be rising.
The oocysts have an irregular, shape and surface.
Pelobacter carbinolicus is a species of bacteria that ferments 2,3-butanediol and acetoin.
Individuals can grow to ~15 cm in diameter.
There are currently six species in this genus including the type species Subterranean clover stunt virus.
Classical swine fever or hog cholera is a highly contagious disease of swine.
In most cases, symptoms include fever, chills, loss of appetite, nausea, muscle pains particularly in the back, and headaches.
Tetragenococcus muriaticus is a species of moderately halophilic lactic acid, histamine-producing bacteria.
Ornament weakens with age except for the inner ventrolateral tubercles, which enlargen.
Burkholderia phenazinium is a Gram-negative soil bacterium.
Streptomyces ipomoeae is a bacterium species from the genus of Streptomyces which has beein isolated from rot from potatoes.
This species was first isolated from a dead ark clam, hence the specific epithet "concharum", meaning "of the shells".
Pseudoalteromonas marina is a marine bacterium isolated from tidal sediment near Chungnam.
They live in the cells of the ovary of the females of this tick species.
Another major difference is the safety tract record of L. bulgaricus is now over 109 years since it was scientifically isolated.
The type strain is ATCC 25291 = CCUG 20992 = CIP 104244 = DSM 44156 = NCTC 13034.
The vertebrate hosts for this parasite are birds.
The first reported epidemics of IHNV occurred in the United States at the Washington and the Oregon fish hatcheries during the 1950s.
Clostridium fallax is an anaerobic, motile, gram-positive bacterium
There are currently only one species in this genus: the type species Iotapapillomavirus 1.
In hydroponic the virus could spread out to up to 80% of the crop because the roots are touching.
Karenia papilionacea is a species from the genus Karenia, which are dinoflagellates.
When reported, cases of F. novicida or F. novicida-like infections are most commonly seen in immunocompromised people.
The Burkholderiaceae are a family of bacteria included in the order Burkholderiales.
Its type strain is =DSM 19625(T) =LMG 24260(T)).
There are currently nine species in this family, divided among 4 genera.
Acinetobacter haemolyticus is a species of bacterium.
The bacterium is extremely thermophilic, with an optimal growth temperature of about 65 °C.
The disease is highly contagious via inhalation and fatal 50% of the time.
The virus causes a lethal haemorraghic disease in domestic pigs.
Mycobacterium vanbaalenii is a rapidly growing mycobacterium that can use polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
The Leptolyngbyaceae are a family of cyanobacteria.
These authors suggest, but not formally propose, the designation Mycobacterium avium subsp.
This bacterium has only been found in Lake Hévíz.
In Alabama, I. hammondi was recovered in 3 of 19 examined marsh rice rats.
Legionella cherrii is an aerobic, flagellated, Gram-negative bacterium from the genus Legionella.
Ecdysozoa and birds serve as natural hosts.
strain BSAR-1 expressing a high activity alkaline phosphatase has also been applied for bioprecipitation of uranium from alkaline solutions.
Of the 11 species that colonize humans, only two are pathogens, N. meningitidis and N. gonorrhoeae.
Autoimmune hepatitis may be treated with medications to suppress the immune system.
Typical symptoms include the chlorosis of leaves, stunting, and distorted and lumpy fruiting structures.
They have flexible stems and their tops are called fronds.
It contains two genera, Bafinivirus and Torovirus.
bassleroceratids have thick connecting rings inherited from their ellesmeroceratid ancestors, which were passed on to the Tarphycerida.
Influenza virus C infects humans, pigs, and dogs.
Undibacterium parvum is a Gram-negative, rod-shaped, oxidase positive, nonspore-forming, and low nutrient-loving bacterium of the genus Undibacterium and family Oxalobacteraceae which was found in drinking water.
The family name Malacoherpesviridae is derived from Greek word 'μαλακός meaning 'soft' and from Greek word 'μαλάκιον meaning 'mollusc.
Together with other Bartonella species, it can cause disease in animals.
Badhamia panicea is a species of slime mold in the family Physaraceae.
The Desulfurellaceae are a small family of Proteobacteria, given their own order.
There are currently seven species in this family, divided among 5 genera.
Like all Plasmodium species P. diploglossi has both vertebrate and insect hosts.
These have a cell structure typical of the axodines.
Oenococcus oeni is a Gram-positive bacterial species in the genus of Oenococcus.
Strains of this species frequently grow in wine and beer, where they overproduce glucan and spoil products by increasing their viscosity.
Cholesterol, a sterol, is an important component of the cell membrane of mycoplasmas, whereas in acholeplasmas and in bacteria in general it is absent.
Leptospira fainei is a pathogenic species of Leptospira, first isolated from pigs in Australia.
It was first described in 2007 and has been found across Mexico and the Canary Islands, but may be present where other cacti grow.
However, complete sequencing of the EHV-2 genome has demonstrated that it is a member of the subfamily Gammaherpesvirinae, in the genus Rhadinovirus.
Bornaviridae is a family of viruses in the order Mononegavirales.
Worldwide, eight serotypes of EHDV have been identified.
There are currently only one genus and one species in this family: the type species Botrytis virus F.
B. saltans is a single-celled bean-shaped organism 4 to 5 micrometers in length.
The complete genome of A. mimigardefordensis strain DPN7 has been sequenced.
Mary K. Estes, Ph.D is a professor at Baylor College of Medicine in Houston, Texas.
This species produces a branched stalk that is often delicately striate in a longitudinal direction.
Plasmodium juxtanucleare is a parasite of the genus Plasmodium subgenus Bennettinia.
Rhodobacter sphaeroides is one of the most pivotal organisms in the study of bacterial photosynthesis.
The vertebrate hosts for this parasite are birds.
Betaproteobacteria are a class of gram-negative bacteria, and one of the five classes of the phylum Proteobacteria.
a Polymerase belonging to superfamily I; this conserved module is a hallmark of the picornavirales
A highly efficient helper virus commonly used when growing A-MuLV in vitro is Moloney murine leukemia virus.
It is transmitted by whiteflies that feed on the underside of plant leaves.
Burkholderia metallica is a bacterium from the genus of Burkholderia and the family of Burkholderiaceae which belongs to the Burkholderia cepacia complex.
It was isolated and characterized in 1987 by Friedrich Widdel of the University of Konstanz.
Feline calicivirus is a virus of the family Caliciviridae that causes disease in cats.
It is a spore-forming, gram-positive, rod-shaped organism, with type strain BST.
There is no specific treatment for infection, so treatment is supportive, reducing the severity of symptoms until the immune system has cleared the infection.
The capsule, made of polysaccharides, is thought to protect against phagocytosis.
E. coli O157:H7, E. coli O121 and E. coli O104:H21.
Diseases associated with this genus include: causes cutaneous lesions.
An overgrowth of Prevotella and a reduction of Lactobacillus have been correlated with the onset of Osteomyelitis in mice.
Probiotics are also associated with decreasing of the risk of traveler’s diarrhea.
Scytothamnus is a brown algae genus in the family Scytothamnaceae.
Ralstonia phage RSA1 is a virus of the family Myoviridae, genus P2likevirus.
Burkholderia mimosarum is a gram-negative, catalase and oxidase-positive non-spore-forming, rod-shaped bacterium from the genus of Burkholderia and the family of Burkholderiaceae.
It is rod-shaped and around 0.5-0.6 x 0.5-2.0μm in size.
Xanthobacter is a genus of Gram-negative bacteria from the family of Xanthobacteraceae.
                
The trichome diameters of Thioploca araucae range from 30 to 43 μm.
It is commonly isolated from dental abscesses, where obligate anaerobes predominate.
Conversely, when humans are zoonotically infected with B virus, patients can present with severe central nervous system disease, resulting in permanent neurological dysfunction or death.
savastanoi, which causes the disease olive knot.
Halomonas organivorans is a halophile able to degrade aromatic compounds.
However, some types of EEHV can cause a highly fatal disease in Asian elephants, which kills up to 80% of severely affected individuals.
Strains of this species were originally isolated from salterns and saline soil samples in Spain.
The first lateral lobe of species ultimately assigned to Cunningtonicaras are narrow and bifid, contrasting with the broad and deeply bifid lobes of Euomphalooceras.
The Thermoactinomycetaceae are a family of Gram-positive endospore-forming bacteria.
Citrobacter murliniae is a species of bacteria.
Thiothrix is a genus of filamentous sulfur-oxidizing bacteria, related to the genera Beggiatoa and Thioploca.
There are currently 15 species in this subfamily, divided among 3 genera.
Known from the United States and Germany, where it grows in soil, D. jonesianum can cause root rot in various plants.
BDBV causes severe disease in humans and in nonhuman primates, the Ebola hemorrhagic fever.
Bacteriophage PBC1 is a bacteriophage that infects the spore-forming bacterium Bacillus cereus.
It was first isolated on the weevil Xyloterus lineatus.
Its cells are gram-negative and are non-motile rods which form oblong spores.
Plants and insects serve as natural hosts.
A type of sulfate-reducing bacteria, Desulfotomaculum can cause food spoilage in poorly processed canned foods.
Bovine Adenovirus, also known as BAdV, is a member of the Adenoviridae family that causes disease in cattle.
The fronds are up to 20 cm long and are broadly fan-shaped or have irregularly arranged lateral branches.
It has been isolated from marine environments, as well as from anaerobic sandstone in the Morrison Formation in New Mexico.
It causes downy mildew on leaves of species of Antirrhinum and related genera.
Bat SARS-like coronavirus WIV1, also sometimes called SARS-like coronavirus WIV1, is a newly identified CoV isolated from Chinese rufous horseshoe bats.
Some people have no symptoms whereas others develop yellow discoloration of the skin and whites of the eyes, poor appetite, vomiting, tiredness, abdominal pain, or diarrhea.
Desulfobulbus propionicus has the potential to produce free energy and chemical products.
Furthermore, small RNA data was obtained by RNA-Seq in C. glutamicum ATCC 13032.
                  
It is most commonly found in tropical areas, especially India and Sri Lanka.
Fulvimarina pelagi is an obligate aerobe, and obtains its nourishment chemoheterotrophically.
It varies from Nelson Bay virus in the S1 and S2 nucleotide segments.
Colonies of P. ginsengisoli are pale yellow in color.
Unlike a root system, the holdfast generally does not serve as the primary organ for water uptake, nor does it take in nutrients from the substrate.
Fisher Reservoir in San Angelo, Texas USA
Plants, pome fruits, citrus, and pear serve as natural hosts.
Like all Plasmodium species P. cnemidophori has both vertebrate and insect hosts.
Bacillus mesentericus is a Gram-positive species of bacteria.
Nocardiaceae present coccobacilli, filamentous or, rarely, fragmented and palisading forms, and filamentous species grow in a branching morphological pattern similar to fungal hyphae.
Desmarestia viridis is a species of brown algae found worldwide.
The Succinivibrionaceae are Gram-negative bacteria and belong to the Gammaproteobacteria.
Gram positive bacteria serve as natural hosts, with transmission achieved through passive diffusion.
Achromobacter clevelandea is a bacterium from the genus Achromobacter isolated from iron-rich sediment in Cleveland in the United Kingdom.
Tulare apple mosaic virus is a plant pathogenic virus of the family Bromoviridae.
EBV infects B cells of the immune system and epithelial cells.
There are currently four species in this genus including the type species Barley stripe mosaic virus.
Grapevine Bulgarian latent virus is a plant pathogenic virus of the family Secoviridae.
Alkanindiges illinoisensis is a aerobic, catalase-positive, squalane-degrading, nonspore-forming, nonmotile bacterium of the genus Alkanindiges, which was isolated from oilfield soils.
Most of the plant-infecting reoviruses are transmitted between plants by insect vectors.
The species are anaerobic and have a fermentative metabolism.
Blastobacter henricii is a bacterium from the genus of Blastobacter.
It can be distinguished from similar-appearing rashes by exposing the area to the light of a Wood's lamp; C. minutissimum produces porphyrins that fluoresce coral-red.
Soybean crinkle leaf virus is a plant pathogenic virus of the family Geminiviridae.
If it were to be classified as a subspecies, F. novicida would join the other known subspecies including F. t. tularensis and F. t. holarctica.
Diseases associated with this genus include: Curly top disease.
Pseudomonas marginalis is a soil bacterium that can cause soft rots of plant tissues.
Candidatus Brocadia fulgida is a bacterial species that performs the anammox process.
Pea early browning virus is a plant pathogenic virus.
Ruminococcus is a genus of bacteria in the class Clostridia.
It also has an impact on resistance against organic hydroperoxides.
Pseudoxanthomonas daejeonensis is a species of Gram-negative, non-spore-forming, rod-shaped bacteria, first isolated from ginseng fields.
Outbreaks usually occur during periods of increased rain which increase the number of mosquitoes.
The virus has been identified in crop plants in Japan, China, and Italy.
D. dadantii is a motile, nonsporing, straight rod-shaped cell with rounded ends.
Certain species of Anabaena have been used on rice paddy fields, proving to be an effective natural fertilizer.
This genus includes pathogens known to cause serious diseases in mammals, including tuberculosis and leprosy in humans.
This attracted significant media attention due to the proximity of Reston to the Washington, DC, metro area and the lethality of a closely related Ebola virus.
Human adenovirus 36 or Ad-36 or Adv36 is one of 52 types of adenoviruses known to infect humans.
can cause necrotizing fasciitis, which is life-threatening, usually requiring treatment with antibiotics and even amputation.
Deformed wing virus is an RNA virus, one of 22 known viruses affecting honey bees.
C. perfringens can participate in polymicrobial anaerobic infections.
Its gRNA encodes for five proteins: p28 and p88, p8 and p9 and CP.
The species are chemoorganotrophs and strictly anaerobic.
The name derives from the way in which the organism grows in rhizoid columnar formations.
Amdoparvovirus is a genus of viruses, in the family Parvoviridae, in the subfamily Parvovirinae.
Achromobacter cycloclastes is a Gram-negative, aerobic bacterium from the genus Achromobacter.
Desulfuromonas svalbardensis is a species of psychrophilic, Fe(III)-reducing bacteria.
It is a psychrophilic, oxidase-positive, halotolerant, Gram-negative, nonmotile coccobacillus with a strictly oxidative metabolism.
The species was named in honor of Professor Janet Sprent of Dundee University, in recognition of her work on nitrogen fixation.
Duck atadenovirus A is a species of hemagglutinating adenovirus implicated in egg drop syndrome.
Azoarcus anaerobius is a gram-negative, strictly anaerobic, catalase-negative, nitrate-reducing, rod-shaped bacterium from the genus of Azoarcus.
The name has originated because they are acetogens, predominantly making acetic acid as a byproduct of anaerobic metabolism.
Aggregatibacter actinomycetemcomitans is a Gram-negative, facultative anaerobe, non-motile bacterium that is often found in association with localized aggressive periodontitis, a severe infection of the periodontium.
There are many strains of the virus, the most important including the Scottish strain, the English strain, and the Lloyd George yellow blotch strain.
The genus Actinomadura is one of four genera of actinobacteria that belong to the family Thermomonosporaceae.
Mycobacterium septicum is a species of Mycobacterium.
There are currently nine species in this genus including the type species Saimiriine herpesvirus 2.
Parasutterella is a genus of Gram-negative, strictly anaerobic, nonspore-forming bacteria from the family Sutterellaceae isolated from human faeces.
SuHV1 is now used in model studies of basic processes during lytic herpesvirus infection, and for unravelling molecular mechanisms of herpesvirus neurotropism.
Streptomyces cyaneus is an actinobacterium species in the genus Streptomyces.
The type species of this genus is Acetobacterium woodii.
One specific type of bacteria that is part of the normal oral flora but leads to disease when it infects the local tissue.
The pathogen persists as oospores in the soil, or on beet seed crops, or on overwintered volunteer beet plants .
This microbe plays an important role in the nitrogen cycle in the environment.
Labrys soli is a Gram-negative, strictly aerobic, non-motile, non-spore-forming bacteria from the family of Xanthobacteraceae which has been isolated from the rhizosphere of a ginseng plant.
Within FIV, five subtypes have been identified based on nucleotide sequence differences coding for the viral envelope or polymerase.
Enerthenema is a genus of Amoebozoa in the family Stemonitidaceae.
At-risk groups are immunocompromised people, such as HIV-AIDS patients or transplant recipients.
Strain ORS571 of A. caulinodans has been fully sequenced.
Bradyrhizobium denitrificans is a bacterium from the genus of Bradyrhizobium which was isolated from surface lake water in Germany.
Other mammals, such as humans, cattle, sheep, goats, cats, dogs, and raccoons, are also susceptible.
Historical reports of clubroot date back to the 13th century in Europe.
The Naviculales are an order of diatoms.
Streptomyces asterosporus is a bacterium species from the genus of Streptomyces.
Pediococcus claussenii is a species of Gram-positive bacteria.
It was first detected in the 1940s.
The severity of the disease is directly related to necrosis of the crypt epithelium.
Organic Lake virophage is a double stranded DNA virophage.
p28 migrates to and invaginates the outer mitochondrial membrane; several p88 molecules are brought the newly formed vesicles.
Its cells are oval-shaped, 0.8–1 μm in width and 1.5–2.5 μm in length, motile and Gram-negative.
Pseudomonas suis is a Gram-negative bacterium that causes croupous pneumonia of swine from which it derives its name.
The name is derived from Maverick virus.
There are currently two species in this genus, including the type species Lactococcus phage c2.
Herminiimonas arsenicoxydans is a species of ultramicrobacteria.
Pseudomonas brenneri is a Gram-negative, rod-shaped, fluorescent, motile bacterium with a single polar flagella isolated from natural mineral waters in France.
There is currently only one species in this genus: the type species Citrus leprosis virus C.
Arthrobacter livingstonensis is a species of bacteria.
Lentibacillus salicampi is a moderately halophilic bacterium, the type species of its genus.
This is one of two principal genera in kelp forests.
a chymotrypsin-like Proteinase where the catalytic residue is typically a cysteine rather than a serine,
It is an enveloped virus with icosahedral nucleocapsid.
Ornatifilum is an artificial form genus, which is used to categorise any small, branched filaments with external ornamentation.
They are found in the human colon and feces and have been implicated as a cause of ulcerative colitis, liver and anal abscesses and systemic bacteremia.
In 2013, the complete genome of an A. xylosoxidans strain from a patient with cystic fibrosis was sequenced.
Infection with EBV occurs by the oral transfer of saliva and genital secretions.
P. intermedia is thought to be more prevalent in patients with noma.
Fowlpox is the worldwide disease of poultry caused by viruses of the family Poxviridae and the genus Avipoxvirus.
Measles virus is a single-stranded, negative-sense, enveloped RNA virus of the genus Morbillivirus within the family Paramyxoviridae.
This virus is transmitted by two species of aphids, Myzus persicae and Aphis gossypii, and by mechanical inoculation.
Lassa virus is an emerging virus and a select agent, requiring Biosafety Level 4-equivalent containment.
Camelpox is endemic throughout the Middle East, Africa, and Asia.
The virus that causes VEE is transmitted primarily by mosquitoes that bite an infected animal and then bite and feed on another animal or human.
Under the microscope, they appear round, and form in grape-like clusters.
In later stages of the disease, these streaks may become necrotic, and the heart of the pseudostem may rot, ultimately leading to death of the plant.
This genus consists of four species: Sulfurimonas autorophica, Sulfurimonas denitrificans, Sulfurimonas gotlandica, and Sulfurimonas paralvinellae.
The species also attacks young onion and tobacco plants, as well as displaying a remarkable ability to digest oil.
Streptomonospora amylolytica is a species of bacterium.
Potato yellow mosaic virus is a plant pathogenic virus of the family Geminiviridae.
Like all Plasmodium species P. beebei has both vertebrate and insect hosts.
Aurantimonas is a genus of bacteria from the family of Aurantimonadaceae.
Symptoms and Inclusions of Commelina mosaic virus in Commelina diffusa.
P. alatum produces a slime-like mucopolysaccharide in the form of interlocking slime funnels.
Test wall simple, consisting of calcareous granules in calcareous cement.
Colonies of P. puraquae are pale brown, anddarker in the centre.
It is a zoonotic pathogen transmitted to humans by the lone star tick.
Mimivirus is a genus of viruses, in the family Mimiviridae.
It has the ability to accumulate poly-β-hydroxybutyrate.
Mimoreovirus is a genus of viruses, in the family Reoviridae, in the subfamily Sedoreovirinae.
The organisms are spore-forming bacteria that grow in hypersaline environments.
Most species are found in the marine interstitial habitat, though one genus, Loxodes, is found in freshwater.
The host rocks in these areas have been dated as 555 million years old.
In 1833, Miles Joseph Berkeley re-published it under its current name Petalonema alatum.
Canine minute virus was originally discovered in Germany in 1967 in military dogs, although it was originally thought to not cause disease.
It then acts as a reservoir for the virus in which it can multiply.
Like all Plasmodium species P. giganteum has both vertebrate and insect hosts.
This species of ectocarpus has been shown to bind iron on its cells with non-specificity.
It is of economic importance because infection can cause a drop in egg production.
It requires no unusual conditions for growth and is incredibly efficient.
West Nile fever is a mosquito-borne infection by the West Nile virus.
Enterococcus is a large genus of lactic acid bacteria of the phylum Firmicutes.
White spot syndrome is a viral infection of penaeid shrimp.
This allows the plant to grow downwards or upwards.
It is the most important viral cause of respiratory infection in foals.
Rothia aeria is a Gram-positive bacterium, with type strain A1-17B(T) =JCM 11412(T) =DSM 14556(T)).
Xanthomonas codiaei is a species of proteobacteria.
It will grow within a temperature range of 30-75 degrees Celsius.
The type species is Carterina spiculotesta Brady, 1884.
Yersinia mollaretii is a Gram-negative species of bacteria.
It was discovered in January 2005 in two patients in Hong Kong.
MVM is a common infection in laboratory mice due to its highly contagious nature.
It is spread by daytime-active Aedes mosquitoes, such as A. aegypti and A. albopictus.
Deinococcus frigens is a species of low temperature and drought-tolerating, UV-resistant bacteria from Antarctica.
Phylloceras serum is an extinct species of ammonoid cephalopods belonging to the family Phylloceratidae.
Pseudoxanthomonas koreensis is a species of Gram-negative, non-spore-forming, rod-shaped bacteria, first isolated from ginseng fields.
This virus devastated the Pakistan cotton industry in early 1990s where it caused an estimated yield reduction of 30-35%.
The name polyoma refers to the viruses' ability to produce multiple tumors.
Because they are an uncommon cause of disease in humans, standard commercial identification kits are often unable to identify the organism.
The species in this genus infect fish.
Up to now there is only on species known.
Louping-ill is an acute viral disease primarily of sheep that is characterized by a biphasic fever, depression, ataxia, muscular incoordination, tremors, posterior paralysis, coma, and death.
It is suggested that type C may be type B that forms spores more readily so does not go through the toxin-production stage.
From 2.5% up to 4.4% of cats worldwide are infected with FIV.
Once a bighorn population is infected with M. ovipneumoniae, the pathogen is difficult to eliminate, and is associated with stagnant-to-declining population growth rates.
S. maltophilia is ubiquitous in aqueous environments, soil, and plants; it has also been used in biotechnology applications.
The term "orphan virus" refers to the fact that some of these viruses have been observed not associated with any known disease.
Streptomyces exfoliatus is a bacterium species from the genus of Streptomyces which has been isolated from soil.
Metaviridae are a family of viruses which exist as retrotransposons in a eukaryotic host’s genome.
Strains of V. paradoxus can be categorized into two groups, hydrogen oxidizers and heterotrophic strains, both of which are aerobic.
Further, clonal pattern of MCV insertions into MCC cell genomes indicates that the virus was present in the Merkel cell before it underwent cancerous transformation.
Pseudomonas asplenii is a Gram-negative soil bacterium that causes bacterial leaf blight of the bird's-nest fern, from which it derives its name.
Like other mycoplasmas M. fermentans is characterized by the absence of a peptidoglycan cell wall and resulting resistance to many antibacterial agents.
It is motile by means of a single flagellum.
The Malaysian strain is naturally attenuated and induces neutralizing antibodies to tick-borne encephalitis virus and protection against other TBEV complex viruses in animals.
Bordetella pertussis is a Gram-negative, aerobic, pathogenic, encapsulated coccobacillus of the genus Bordetella, and the causative agent of pertussis or whooping cough.
The citrus gummy bark viroid is a sub-species of the hop stunt viroid, and thus is a member of the genus Hostuviroid.
The name stems from the Latin noun venusta which means "lovely" or "beautiful".
Etymology: Latin, flavescens = becoming golden yellow.
Labyrnavirus is a genus of viruses in the order Picornavirales.
Diseases associated with this genus include: yellowing and necrosis, particularly affecting the phloem.
Turkeypox, like all avipoxviruses, is transmitted either through skin contact or by arthropods acting as mechanical vectors.
Seliberia is a genus of rod-shaped bacteria.
The Una virus is an Arbovirus or arthropod-borne virus, transmitted primarily by an arthropod species.
Members of the order are known as gymnodinioid or gymnodinoid.
Mycobacterium brumae is a rapidly growing environmental mycobacterial species identified in 1993.
With dimensions of 0.5–0.9 by 0.3–0.4 µm, H. glaciei is roughly 10 to 50 times smaller than Escherichia coli.
Mycoplasma capricolum is a species of Mycoplasma bacteria.
Pectobacterium wasabiae is a plant pathogenic bacterium that was first reported to cause disease on wasabi plants.
Its cells are motile and rod shaped.
Avian metapneumovirus is a virus which infects primarily turkeys and, to a lesser extent, chickens.
Pseudoalteromonas issachenkonii is a marine bacterium which was isolated from the brown alga Fucus evanescens near the Kurile Islands.
It is flattened with lateral, peg like attachments.
Rhodobacter sphaeroides has been isolated from deep lakes and stagnate waters.
Staphylococcus warneri is a member of the bacterial genus Staphylococcus, consisting of Gram-positive bacteria with spherical cells appearing in clusters.
Actinoplanes is a genus in the family Actinoplanaceae.
Pasteurella bettyae is a bacterium associated with human Bartholin gland abscess and finger infections.
The texture is rubbery and the outer surface smooth.
Pseudomonas pachastrellae is a Gram-negative bacterium found in deep-sea sponges.
Sauramoeba is a subgenus of the genus Plasmodium - all of which are parasitic eukaryotes.
Prevotella species are part of the human oral and vaginal flora.
Caminibacter hydrogeniphilus is a species of thermophilic, hydrogen-oxidizing bacterium.
Pseudoxanthobacter liyangensis is a Gram-negative, rod-shaped, nitrogen fixing aerobic bacteria from the family of Xanthobacteraceae which has been isolated from soil in Liyang in China.
Burkholderia udeis is a bacterium from the genus Burkholderia and family Burkholderiaceae.
It is spread by carrier animal feces.
Phylogenetic analysis has shown that this strain is most closely related to Mycobacterium doricum.
Giles is a bacteriophage that infects Mycobacterium smegmatis bacteria.
The atopobium vaginae was discovered in 1999 by Rodriguez  as a common commensal of the woman's vagina.
Like all Plasmodium species P. vastator has both vertebrate and insect hosts.
It has a three-part, segmented, double-stranded RNA genome, totalling ~13.5 kb in length.
Carnation latent virus is a plant pathogenic virus of the family Betaflexiviridae.
The virus appears in southern and central England.
Cavemovirus is a genus of viruses, in the family Caulimoviridae.
Adults commonly exceed 130 cm in length, with males growing larger than females.
The name Lobosa was chosen for these amoebae "as expressing the lobe-like character of their pseudopodial extensions."
It is commonly known as the scrambled egg slime, or flowers of tan because of its peculiar yellowish, bile-colored appearance.
Mycobacterium chubuense is a species of the phylum actinobacteria, belonging to the genus mycobacterium.
                    4
They lack a theca and chloroplasts, and unlike all other orders, the nucleus is never a dinokaryon.
Mercian Geol 13 March: 178 [Zoological Record Volume 132].
Diacheopsis is a genus of Amoebozoa in the family Stemonitidaceae.
Its genome is similar to the Sin Nombre virus but varies in the S1 and S2 segments.
Foveavirus is a genus of viruses in the order Tymovirales, in the family Betaflexiviridae.
Polerovirus is a genus of viruses, in the family Luteoviridae.
RRSV can only infect plants in the family Gramineae, i.e.
Based on 16S rRNA analysis, P. anguilliseptica has been placed in the P. aeruginosa group.
Pythium middletonii is a plant pathogen infecting strawberry.
Kribbella catacumbae is a species of bacteria in the genus Kribbella.
Like all Plasmodium species P. schwetzi has both vertebrate and insect hosts.
The nuclear polyhedrosis virus which belongs to the family Baculoviruses is a virus affecting insects, predominantly moths and butterflies.
Derxia gummosa is a Gram-negative, rod-shaped, nitrogen-fixing, obligate aerobe bacterium of the genus Derxia.
Strains of this species were originally isolated from the skin of various wild animals.
The outbreak was determined to have originated with several horses imported from Europe via New York, and then shipped to Florida.
The vertebrate host is the rainbow lizard Agama agama.
Legionella nautarum is a Gram-negative bacterium from the genus Legionella which was isolated from a hot water tap in London.
Streptomyces bacillaris is a bacterium species from the genus of Streptomyces which has been isolated from forest soil in Oregon in the United States.
Its isometric capsid contains a single-stranded circular genome of about 5.5 kbp.
The antibiotic therapy can go on for many months or even years.
Neisseria flava is a bacterium belonging to a group of species under the genus Neisseria that is considered non-pathogenic.
Sagiyama virus is an arthropod borne virus recovered from mosquitoes collected during July and August 1956 and 1957 near Tokyo, Japan.
They are saprozoic, consuming dead matter, which suggests their commensal role.
One or more species in this genus are found in significant numbers in the intestines of humans.
It causes febrile illness in humans and disease in livestock.
Lyssavirus is a genus of RNA viruses in the family Rhabdoviridae, order Mononegavirales.
Aureimonas is a genus of marine bacteria from the family of Aurantimonadaceae.
Stemonitis axifera is a species of slime mold.
It can be found in a wide variety of orchid genera but does not infect plants other than orchids.
chronic infection in adult, and acute viral disease in young salmonid fish.
Craticula is a genus of diatom that lies on or in the top layers of sediments in the freshwater to brackish water environments it inhabits.
American hop latent virus is a plant pathogenic virus of the family Betaflexiviridae.
For the first time, there is evidence to show that the environmental distribution of Clostridium chauvoei is increased after flooding.
It was the source from which the antibiotic vancomycin was isolated in 1953.
They include several pathogenic bacteria, including species of Burkholderia, Bordetella, and Ralstonia.
Studies have estimated fewer than 1% of healthy people harbor this species.
A recent isolate from rhesus monkeys—Tulane virus—can be grown in culture and this system promises to increase our understanding of these viruses.
Staphylococci phage G1 is a virus of the family Myoviridae, genus Twortlikevirus, known to infect the bacterial species Staphylococcus aureus.
It is also found in the human skin parasitic mite Demodex folliculorum, and may be related to the development of a type of acne rosacea.
While Actinomorpha is a member of the Oncocerida; Actinoceras with its somewhat similar name belongs to the Actinocerida.
Members of the order that are commonly known are, for instance, Ebola virus, human respiratory syncytial virus, measles virus, mumps virus, Nipah virus, and rabies virus.
Etymology-"Anello" is Italian for ring, which refers to the circular genome of anelloviridae.
Derxia is a genus of Gram-negative, nitrogen-fixing bacteria from the family of Alcaligenaceae.
Eubacterium barkeri, previously known as Clostridium barkeri, is a bacterium belonging to the Firmicutes.
It is characterized by fever and vesicles with subsequent ulcers in the mouth and on the snout, feet, and teats.
It is a motile organism through gliding.
Avian orthoreovirus infection is more common in young birds, because resistance begins to develop from as young as two weeks of age.
Sigmoilinita is a miliolid genus with an ovate to fusuform test that becomes flattened with growth.
It is part of the Spondweni serogroup which includes two species, Zika Virus and the Spondweni Virus.
Plants are infected by the saliva expelled by the beetles as they feed upon the plant.
Xanthobacter flavus is a Gram-negative, nitrogen-fixing and facultatively autotrophic bacteria from the family of Xanthobacteraceae which has been isolated from turf podsol soil in Russia.
Kiitoksia is a genus of aquatic protozoa.
In 2014 more than a million suspected cases occurred.
Representative genera include Bacillus, Listeria and Staphylococcus.
It includes the hydrocarbon-degrading strain P. alkanoclasticum MAE2.
GLB44 has inhibitory qualities against bad bacteria such as E. Coli and Salmonella spp.
According to the Handbook of Plant Virus Diseases, the pathogen is found in "China, India, Indonesia, Ivory Coast, Nigeria, Thailand, Philippines, Papua New Guinea [and] Sudan".
Based on 16S rRNA analysis, P. ficuserectae has been placed in the P. syringae group.
Streptomyces chattanoogensis is a bacterium species from the genus of Streptomyces which has been isolated from soil in Tennessee in the United States.
Bacteria and archaea serve as natural hosts.
It is notable for the prevalence of horizontal gene transfers in its evolution, possibly due to dormancy because of its habitat.
Chilomonas is a genus of cryptophytes, including the species Chilomonas paramecium.
It is caused by a species of the Morbillivirus genus of viruses.
Typically they grow well at 30 °C, but not at 37 °C.
Rigifilida is a group of non-ciliate phagotrophic protozoa.
Pseudomonas mucidolens is a Gram-negative, non-sporulating, motile, rod bacterium that causes mustiness in eggs.
Production of these neurotoxins is assumed to be an input into its symbiotic relationships, protecting the plant from grazing pressure.
Burkholderia zhejiangensis is a Gram-negative, nonspore-forming, rod-shaped bacterium from the genus Burkholderia, which was isolated from a wastewater treatment system in China.
Pectobacterium betavasculorum is a plant pathogenic bacterium that infects beets.
Dichotomicrobium thermohalophilum is a bacterium from the genus of Dichotomicrobium which was isolated from a solar lake in Elat in Israel.
It has a spiral shape and bipolar, single, sheathed flagellum, and was first isolated from the livers of mice with active, chronic hepatitis.
The infected cell ends up producing large quantities of viral RNA and capsid proteins, which are assembled to form new viruses.
Chlamydophila caviae is a bacterium that can be recovered from the conjunctiva of Guinea pigs suffering from ocular inflammation and eye discharge.
Geobacter metallireducens is a gram-negative metal-reducing proteobacterium.
Saffold virus is a single-stranded RNA human virus belonging to the Picornaviridae family.
Oleavirus is a genus of viruses, in the family Bromoviridae.
The known non-arboviruses of the flavivirus family reproduce in either arthropods or vertebrates, but not both, with one odd member of the genus affecting a nematode.
The type species for the genus is Anabaenopsis elenkinii V.V.Miller, 1923.
It appears to be over-represented in the guts of colorectal cancer patients.
Snakehead rhabdovirus is a novirhabdovirus that affects warm water wild and pond-cultured fish of various species in Southeast Asia, including snakehead for which it is named.
They are now one of several families in the order Alteromonadales, including Alteromonas and its closest relatives.
Diseases associated with this family include: feline calicivirus: respiratory disease; rabbit hemorrhagic disease virus: often-fatal hemorrhages; norwalk group of viruses: gastroenteritis.
The vertebrate hosts for this parasite are lizards.
BoHV2 is similar in structure to human herpes simplex virus.
Its sporangia vary greatly in size and shape.
Rio Segundo virus is a single-stranded, negative-sense RNA hantavirus isolated in the Costa Rican harvest mouse.
It is named after its ability to cause disease on almond trees.
The name is derived one: "Pe" stands for "persistent" and "g" provides an historical reference to the former names of the human viruses.
There are currently 32 species in this family, divided among 2 genera.
WEE is commonly a subclinical infection; symptomatic infections are uncommon.
Tete virus is a Bunyavirus found originally in Tete Province, Mozambique.
In the later case, ice was the mode of transmission; however, how the ice was originally contaminated with the F. novicida is stll unknown.
It has the common names of spiral wrack and flat wrack.
Tsukamurella inchonensis is a bacterium with type strain IMMIB D-771T.
Sangassou virus is single-stranded, negative-sense RNA virus species of the genus hantavirus in the Bunyaviridae family.
AK-01 is a delta-proteobacterium capable of utilizing C13-C18 alkanes as growth substrates.
In contrast to most lactic acid bacteria, this bacterium mainly breaks down lipids, forming free fatty acids.
With extended incubation, pink colonies often take on a coral hue.
Hamiltonella defensa is a model organism for defensive symbiosis, protecting pea aphids from parasitoid wasps.
It was named after chondrophores — chitinous floats found on some kinds of colonial floating hydroids.
There are currently eight species in this genus including the type species, human cytomegalovirus, which is the species that infects humans.
The major host of the bacterium is rice.
The vertebrate hosts for this parasite are birds.
Geobacillus stearothermophilus is a rod-shaped, Gram-positive bacterium and a member of the division Firmicutes.
Amphistegina is a genus of foraminiferal protists included in the Rotaliida with a stritigraphic range extending from the Eocene to recent and a cosmopolitan distribution.
Inside this quarantine zone, poultry workers will avoid poultry farms to prevent the spread of the virus.
                  
It afflicts fish of over 50 species of freshwater and marine fish in several parts of the northern hemisphere.
Resident spores in the soil are swallowed by grubs during their normal pattern of feeding on roots.
Members of this family have been isolated from Antarctic soils.
These algae have a very sour taste.
It was first isolated from the Australian region of the Southern Ocean, near the polar front.
Likewise, HIV-2 viruses are thought to be less virulent and transmissible than HIV-1 M group viruses, although HIV-2 is known to cause AIDS.
Aureimonas altamirensis is a Gram-negative, catalase- and oxidase-positive, non-motile bacteria from the genus Aurantimonas which was isolated from Altamira Cave in Cantabria in Spain.
The risk of death is around 1 in 1,000.
An attenuated FP Baker strain, and an attenuated 905 strain, are used as live vaccines for cats.
Pyrolobus fumarii is a species of archaea known for its ability to live at extremely high temperatures that kill most organisms.
The most notable member is Ceratiomyxa fruticulosa, a slime mould found in most parts of the world.
Infections in humans due to C. cadaveris are rare and the organism is seldom found is clinical specimens.
Colonies of V. dokdonensis are yellow in color.
There is currently only one species in this genus: the type species Oscivirus A.
Humans treated with medicinal leeches after vascular surgery can be at risk for infection from A. veronii and are commonly placed on prophylactic antibiotics.
Eight families are currently recognized, further characterized here in.
Diseases associated with this genus include: acute respiratory diseases: gaHV-1: infectious laryngotracheitis; psHV-1: Pacheco's disease.
It was classified in the genus Erwinia until genetic evidence suggested that it belongs to its own group; however, the name Erwinia is still in use.
The first three species to be described; are sometimes referred to as the 'classical species'.
It was probably affiliated with the rhyniophytes; it branched dichotomously and may have borne small spines.
There are currently seven species in this genus including the type species Saccharomyces cerevisiae virus L-A.
Streptomyces lopnurensis is a bacterium species from the genus of Streptomyces which has been isolated from soil from Lop Nur in the Xinjiang Province in China.
This type of photosynthesis is called anoxygenic photosynthesis.
Like all Plasmodium species, P. anomaluri has both vertebrate and insect hosts.
TAHV disease can progress to involve the central nervous system, but fatalities have not been reported.
Prochlorophyta is a group of photosynthetic bacteria, an important component of picoplankton.
It is a facultatively anaerobic, pleomorphic, Gram-negative rod.
Its sporangia may contain one or many cavities, and emerge directly from the surface cells; they may form a ring around the main nema.
There are currently 15 species in this family, divided among 2 genera.
In heavy infection young leaves are even deformed.
BPMV may also be a cause of green stem syndrome resulting in green stems and leaves while the pods and rest of the field has matured.
A draft genome for Yersinia ruckeri has been published.
The virus has some 23 serotypes, and can occur in coinfections with other Orbiviruses and tick-transmitted encephalitis viruses, complicating the course of illness.
After a single infection it is believed most people become immune.
The species was discovered in January 2012 outside the coast of Nivå, Denmark by professor Øjvind Moestrup.
There are currently eight species in this genus including the type species Fiji disease virus.
B. vietnamiensis is able to fix N
Salmonivirus is a genus of viruses in the order Herpesvirales, in the family Alloherpesviridae.
Diseases associated with this subfamily include: HHV-1 and HHV-2: skin vesicles or mucosal ulcers, rarely encephalitis and meningitis HHV-3: chickenpox and shingles gaHV-2: Marek's disease.
Like Helicobacter hepaticus, it colonizes the bile, liver, and intestine of mice, and is associated with multifocal chronic hepatitis and hepatocellular tumors.
Hypovirus is a genus of viruses, in the family Hypoviridae.
It behaves like Listeria monocytogenes, but is found almost exclusively in ruminants.
The species is named in honor of Bulgarian microbiologist Ivan Ivanov.
In the natural host, viral particles can be produced at 1–2 mg per gram of infected leaf tissue.
It is commonly known as the tapioca slime mold because of its peculiar pure white, tapioca pudding-like appearance.
The vertebrate hosts for this parasite are reptiles.
Like all Plasmodium species P. clelandi has both vertebrate and insect hosts.
Curvibacter lanceolatus is a Gram-negative, nonmotile, nonspore-forming bacterium from the genus Curvibacter and family Comamonadaceae, which was isolated from well water.
The virus migrates to the salivary glands, haemolymph and intestinal wall and is thought to multiply in both the adult and larval stages of the insect.
The genera Labyrinthula is part of the group Labyrinthulomycetes and contains thirteen species.
Its genome encodes at least five proteins including the nucleocapsid protein, the viral matrix protein, a nonstructural phosphoprotein, and a glycoprotein.
The virus was discovered by chance in 1975 by Australian virologist Yvonne Cossart.
Bacillus clausii, has been found to produce antimicrobial substances that are active against gram positive bacteria including Staphylococcus aureus, Enterococcus faecium, and Clostridium difficile.
There is currently only one species in this genus: the type species Gill-associated virus.
Many children become infected with EBV, and these infections usually cause no symptoms or are indistinguishable from the other mild, brief illnesses of childhood.
Infection is via the oro-fecal route, with affected bird excreting high levels of the virus for approximately 2 weeks after infection.
Kerstersia is a genus of Gram-negative, catalase-positive, oxidase-negative bacteria from the family of Alcaligenaceae.
The species uses sugars poorly unless yeast extract and either rumen fluid or Tripticase peptone are available.
Penicillin is the most common antibiotic used in treatment of S. suis infection; in cases with cardiac involvement, gentamicin should also be given for synergistic effect.
Rhizobium gallicum is a Gram-negative root-nodule bacterium.
As a member of the group I of the Baltimore classification, Enterobacteria phage PsP3 is a dsDNA viruses.
By far, the Bacteroidales order are the most well-studied of the Bacteroidetes.
Like all Plasmodium species P. achiotense has both vertebrate and insect hosts.
Smithella propionica is a species of bacteria, the type species of its genus.
The type locality is Great Pond, Barnstable County, Massachusetts, USA.
Listeria phage A511 is a virus of the family Myoviridae, genus Twortlikevirus.
The cells are curved, vibroid, or straight rod-shaped.
This bacterium affects plants, particularly types of maize such as sweet, flint, dent, flower, and popcorn.
Streptomyces griseorubens is a bacterium species from the genus of Streptomyces which has been isolated from soil.
One isolate was detected in France in 1999 when a fruit bat, which had been displaying signs of aggression, died.
Because this organism is patented, it is not officially recognized as a legitimate Pseudomonas species, and therefore has no type strain.
The energy metabolism of Ideonella is strictly aerobic, oxidative, and chemoorganoheterotrophic.
                o
Blastobacter is a genus of bacteria from the family of Bradyrhizobiaceae.
Helicobacter canadensis is a bacterium in the Helicobacteraceae family, Campylobacterales order, first isolated from humans with diarrhea.
It is classified in the genus Orbivirus and the family Reoviridae.
Balticeras is considered by some to be a subgenus of Ringsteadia which in contrast is more evolute, with ribbed inner whorls.
Based on 16S rRNA analysis, P. mendocina has been placed in the P. aeruginosa group.
Alphaentomopoxvirus is a genus of viruses, in the family Poxviridae, in the subfamily Entomopoxvirinae.
Algae that can divide in two planes can form sheet-like thalli or bodies.
The Clostridia are a highly polyphyletic class of Firmicutes, including Clostridium and other similar genera.
Mosquitoes are the natural reservoir of all known viruses in this family.
Hyphomicrobium zavarzinii is a bacterium from the genus of Hyphomicrobium which was isolated from swampy soil in Moscow in Russia
There was only one genus and one species in this family: the type species Acidianus two-tailed virus.
Hyphomicrobium denitrificansm is a bacterium from the genus of Hyphomicrobium which was isolated from the Netherlands.
It is named after Joseph Everett Dutton, who died of the disease in 1905 while he and John Lancelot Todd were investigating "tick fever".
These prey bacteria tend to live in enteric environments and have similar lipopolysaccharide structures.
One strain of Oceanospirillales is an endosymbiont of the Osedax worms.
Dogs and puppies are infected orally, and the virus is spread transplacentally to the fetuses.
It is able to grow at 25 °C, is sensitive to cephalothin, and resistant to nalidixic acid.
Dawsonia campanulata is an organic-walled Palaeozoic organism of unknown affinity .
Tenuivirus is a plant virus genus, of which the type member is Rice stripe virus.
It has been found in fish, and contains several biotypes.
Consuming excessive amounts of Saccharina japonica has been shown to suppress thyroid function.
The repression mechanism for the photosynthesis is poorly understood.
The name "Reo-" is derived from respiratory enteric orphan viruses.
Ancylobacter vacuolatus is a bacterium from the family of Xanthobacteraceae which has been isolated from soil.
Streptomyces eurythermus produces pentenomycin I, pentenomycin II and angolamycin.
It was first isolated from a stream of water.
When no oxygen is available, it can use metal cations as the terminal electron acceptor in the electron transport chain.
They may be found in both freshwater and marine environments.
Its morphology is complex, with hexagonal head and a long contractile tail.
Diseases associated with this family include: IPNV: infectious pancreatic necrosis in salmonid fish, causes significant losses to the aquaculture industry.
It was first characterized in North Carolina in 2000.
Tula virus is a single-stranded, negative-sense RNA virus species of Hantavirus first isolated from a European common vole found in Central Russia.
Staphylococcus lutrae is a species of Gram-positive bacteria and a member of the genus Staphylococcus.
The bacterium also has some commercial significance – the hydrogen gas produced during fermentation has been experimented with using molasses as the substrate.
Shewanella oneidensis is a bacterium notable for its ability to reduce metal ions and live in environments with or without oxygen.
Onslowiaceae is the only family in order Onslowiales in the brown algae.
Some species, like Bordetella, are pathogenic for humans and for some animals.
It has been proposed that T. evansi is—like T. equiperdum—a derivative of T. brucei.
African horse sickness is a highly infectious and deadly disease.
Legionella wadsworthii is a bacterium from the genus Legionella isolated from sputum from a patient in Los Angeles.
Sea turtle tornovirus 1 is a single stranded DNA virus that was isolated from a turtle with fibropapillomatosis in 2009.
This strain of coronavirus is closely related to the newly identified novel EMC/2012 strain found in London which is related to the MERS-CoV.
Didymium wildpretii is a species of slime mold which feeds on the decaying remains of various species of cacti.
Raoultella planticola is a Gram-negative bacterium of the genus Raoultella.
The pathogen can persist in the soil for several years as oospores.
Diademoceras is a genus of nautiloid cephalopods from the middle Ordovician of North America, named by Rousseau Flower,1945.
Ascoseira is assigned to its own order.
Diseases associated with this family include: PCV-2: postweaning multisystemic wasting syndrome; CAV: chicken infectious anemia.
There are other species of Peronospora which occur on Papaver: Peronospora argemones, Peronospora cristata, and Peronospora papaveris-pilosi.
                  
The name Tobamovirus is an acronym, coming from the host and symptoms of the first virus discovered.
Recently, a number of genetically related phages were isolated, infecting Silicibacter and Sulfitobacter as well as a number of Pseudomonas phages
Olenekoceras is an ammonoid cephalopod from the Lower Triassic included in the ceratitid family Sibiritidae, once included in the Noritaceae but now in the Ceratitaceae.
Based on 16S rRNA phylogenetic analysis, P. borbori was placed in the P. aeruginosa group.
Idaeovirus is a genus of positive-sense ssRNA viruses that contains one species: Raspberry bushy dwarf virus.
More recently, molecular markers in the form of conserved signature indels have been found specific for all Selenomonadales species.
Although having norovirus can be unpleasant, it is not usually dangerous and most who contract it make a full recovery within two to three days.
Diseases associated with this genus include: fatal hepatitis.
Psychrobacter arcticus is a Gram-negative, nonmotile species of bacteria first isolated from Siberian permafrost.
This order is noted for the species' abilities to survive in environments of extremely elevated temperature.
There is an inverse relationship between colonisation by N. lactamica and Neisseria meningitidis.
Poliovirus is one of the most well-characterized viruses, and has become a useful model system for understanding the biology of RNA viruses.
It is a serious disease present in Norwegian cod farming.
Helicobacter salomonis is a canine gastric Helicobacter bacterium.
Arcobacter halophilus is a species of obligate halophilic bacteria.
They are sulfate-reducing bacteria, reducing sulfates to sulfides to obtain energy.
Its appearance and lifestyle mimics that of a sponge.
Only venom from neonates contains crotoxin; a constituent typically found in C. durissus venom that produces neurotoxic symptoms.
Babuvirus is a genus of viruses, in the family Nanoviridae.
Growth occurs at 10–45 °C and at pH 5–10.
Lycogala epidendrum, commonly known as wolf's milk, groening's slime is a cosmopolitan species of plasmodial slime mould which is often mistaken for a fungus.
The species' 16S ribosomal RNA sequence has been determined.
AlgaeBase uses the following families for this order:
Scientists have successfully engineered it to create a biofilm which produce electricity.
Saint Louis encephalitis is a disease caused by the mosquito borne Saint Louis encephalitis virus.
Cueva is derived from the Spanish word for cave.
                    2
The disease is caused by the yellowhead virus, a positive-sense single-stranded RNA virus related to coronaviruses and arteriviruses.
P1 can also be used to create the P1-derived artificial chromosome cloning vector which can carry relatively large fragments of DNA.
Pythium hypogynum is a plant pathogen infecting strawberries.
Like other strains, KHV stays with the infected fish for the duration of their lives, making the recovered and exposed fish potential carriers of the virus.
Agropyron mosaic virus is a plant pathogenic virus of the family Potyviridae.
The vertebrate hosts for this parasite are lizards.
Candidatus Bartonella volans is a candidatus bacteria from the genus of Bartonella which was isolated from flying squirrels .
Pseudomonas tolaasii is a species of Gram-negative soil bacteria that is the causal agent of bacterial blotch on cultivated mushrooms.
The entry of coxsackievirus into cells, especially endothelial cells, is mediated by Coxsackie virus and adenovirus receptor.
It is a deep-sea species, having been isolated from a depth of 1,050 metres, and is extremely halotolerant and alkaliphilic.
There are currently 16 species in this genus including the type species Cypovirus 1.
As food-grade bacteria, they are used in the production of foreign proteins that are applied to the food industry.
This bacterium is very interesting because of its extremophile tendencies as a bacterium, where this is common mostly in the domain Archaea.
Peronospora is a genus of plant pathogens, belonging to the class of water moulds.
It also infects and causes disease in koalas, emerald tree boas, iguanas, chameleons, frogs, and turtles.
CMN3T is the type strain of this species.
Recently a novel caprine kobuvirus was characterised after isolation from a Korean black goat.
Its type strain is SMP-10= DSM 14436(T)).
Sphingobacterium is a genus in the family Sphingobacteriaceae.
Symptoms include "pronounced chlorotic mottle, green veinbanding, and distortion of leaves".
are also generally positive for acetoin production and negative for the methyl red test, indicating 2,3-butanediol rather than mixed acid fermentation.
Pandoraea is a genus of Gram-negative, nonspore-forming, motile bacteria with a single polar flagellum, of the family Burkholderiaceae and class Betaproteobacteria.
Streptomyces gougerotii is a bacterium species from the genus of Streptomyces.
The members of this genus are called ebolaviruses.
Streptomyces cirratus is a bacterium species from the genus of Streptomyces.
Bacillus sphaericus is a gram positive bacterium, with rod shaped cells that form chains.
Streptomyces fenghuangensis is a bacterium species from the genus of Streptomyces which has been isolated from seawater near Sanya in China.
It had apparently evolved to live in the sparse environment of a clean room, and its secondary spore coat makes it especially resistant to radiation.
The discovery of the strain was published in 1995, and was subsequently referred to in the literature as "Aromatoleum aromaticum" and cited as "(Rabus, unpublished data)".
Inhalation and ingestion are possible modes of transmission.
S. boydii is restricted to the Indian subcontinent.
Burkholderia caribensis is a species of Proteobacteria.
Since then it has been identified in many other plant species including Datura stramonium and Nicotiana glutinosa.
The living organism was a type of life form that grew on the sea floor and is believed to have fed on nutrients in the water.
Bradyrhizobium liaoningense is a species of legume-root nodulating, microsymbiotic nitrogen-fixing bacterium.
The bacterium is a key research organism for examination of microbial bioluminescence, quorum sensing, and bacterial-animal symbiosis.
Rhodococcus baikonurensis is a bacterium species in the genus Rhodococcus.
Commelina mosaic virus is a plant pathogenic virus  in the genus Potyvirus and the virus family Potyviridae.
It is the only known representative of a deep lineage, and is classified in its own family and order, in the class Mollicutes.
Notable zoonotic hosts of parapoxviruses include sheep, goats, and cattle.
Acholeplasma are wall-less bacteria in the Mollicutes class.
Methylobacterium populi is an aerobic, pink-pigmented, facultatively methylotrophic, methane-utilizing bacterium isolated from poplar trees.
Species of the genus Clostridium are often but not always Gram-positive and have the ability to form spores.
Streptomyces mobaraensis is a spore forming bacterium species from the genus of Streptomyces.
Oncobasidium theobromae is a plant pathogen infecting Theobroma cacao.
Other known species of Ceratiomyxa are mostly found in the tropics.
The most common are vaccinia and molluscum contagiosum, but monkeypox infections are rising.
Avisivirus is a genus of viruses in the order Picornavirales, in the family Picornaviridae.
Capillovirus is a genus of viruses in the order Tymovirales, in the family Betaflexiviridae.
When paired with Carrot Red Leaf Virus to make Carrot Mottle virus there is a large impact on yield.
They also cause "sulphide stinker" spoilage of canned foods.
Because of this ability it could help treating disease which is caused by fungi in human.
Previously known as X-bacterium, Candidatus Legionella jeonii grows symbiotically in Amoeba proteus.
The symmetry at which this is done is exactly like the symmetry of a football: hexagons and pentagons are interchanged to give the final sphere.
The orangutan lymphocryptovirus was the first herpesvirus isolated from an orangutan.
They are a shorter lived species, especially when compared to Globorotalia genus.
On solid media, the colonies are round, fast-growing, and pink.
They are closely related to retroviruses: Metaviridae share many genomic elements with retroviruses, including length, organization, and genes themselves.
It was originally reported on San Miguel Island in the Philippines in 1927/1928.
Pedobacter arcticus is a species of facultative psychrophile bacteria isolated from Arctic soil.
Some clinical and pathological symptoms of SRV-infected macaques are diarrhea, weight loss, splenomegaly, lymphadenopathy, anemia, neutropenia, neoplastic diseases.
Streptomyces hokutonensis is a bacterium species from the genus of Streptomyces which has been isolated from rhizosphere roots from strawberries in Hokuto, Yamanashi in Japan.
Streptomyces halstedii is a bacterium species from the genus of Streptomyces which has been isolated from deeper soil layers.
The genome encodes 98 to 154 open reading frames.
It is genetically similar to Staphylococcus rostri.
HHV-6B primary infection is the cause of the common childhood illness exanthema subitum.
Used by the algae to hold the branches near the surface of the water to assist with photosynthesis.
Plasmodium yoelii is a parasite of the genus Plasmodium subgenus Vinckeia.
Sorangium cellulosum is a soil-dwelling Gram-negative bacterium of the group myxobacteria.
Like HIV, EIA can be transmitted through blood, milk, and body secretions.
The Actinomycetales are an order of Actinobacteria.
AD-36 infection can induce cellular differentiation of 3T3-L1 preadipocytes and stem cells derived from human adipose tissue.
M. luteus has been shown to survive in oligotrophic environments for extended periods of time.
Mesoplasma is related to the genus Mycoplasma but differ in several respects.
Freshwater and saltwater fish including tilapia, red drum, hybrid striped bass, and rainbow trout are among those susceptible to infection by S. iniae.
H. cinaedi can cause cellulitis and bacteremia in immunocompromised people.
Carnobacterium is a genus of Gram-positive bacteria within the family Carnobacteriaceae.
Hormosira banksii, also known as Neptune's necklace, Neptune's pearls, sea grapes, or bubbleweed) is a species of seaweed native to Australia and New Zealand.
Narcissus latent virus is a Macluravirus, a plant pathogenic virus of the family Potyviridae, which infects Narcissus.
All the Myoviridae family members share a nonenveloped morphology consisting of a head and a tail separated by a neck.
Nova virus is a single-stranded, negative-sense, enveloped RNA hantavirus.
Offshore beds can persist for one to many years, usually in deeper water than Eualaria or Macrocystis, where they co-occur.
It was first isolated from the Australian region of the Southern Ocean.
Its phylogenetic position is a subject of some controversy.
S. maltophilia is catalase-positive, oxidase-negative and has a positive reaction for extracellular DNase.
Plasmodium relictum or Plasmodium biziurae is a parasite of the genus Plasmodium.
Streptococcus zooepidemicus is a species of Streptococcus.
Myxobacteria produce a number of biomedically and industrially useful chemicals, such as antibiotics, and export those chemicals outside the cell.
Additionally, it is one of the three genera within this family which infect teleost fishes, along with Lymphocystivirus and Megalocytivirus.
Acaryochloris marina is a symbiotic species of the phylum Cyanobacteria that produces chlorophyll d, allowing it to use far-red light, at 710 nm wavelength.
In addition to humans, astroviruses have now been isolated from numerous mammalian animal species and from avian species such as ducks, chickens, and turkey poults.
Symptoms include chlorosis, necrosis and leaf curling.
Unusual in bacterial organisms, Bacteroides membranes contain sphingolipids.
It was first isolated from an Antarctic, hypersaline, meromictic lake, but has since been found in other environments, such as fermenting seafood.
"By 1962, all but 100 of 250,000 palms on this island had died from the disease," indicating an epidemic.
Hungaritids are Middle Triassic in age spanning a range from about 247 Ma to 235 Ma.
Prevotella bryantii, previously known as Bacteroides ruminicola ruminicola subsp.
T4virus is a genus of viruses in the order Caudovirales, in the family Myoviridae, in the subfamily Tevenvirinae.
The Desulfovibrionales are an order of Proteobacteria, with four families.
When OROV infects humans, it causes a rapid fever illness called Oropouche fever.
The family was circumscribed by German mycologist Joseph Schröter in 1893.
Acinetobacter bouvetii is named after the French microbiologist Philippe Bouvet.
It causes gastrointestinal disease in young pigs and is thought to contribute to multifactorial porcine respiratory diseases complexes.
Humans are infected through inhalation of dust from vole droppings.
Pachyphloiidae is a family of uniserial Permian Foraminifera included in the fusulinid superfamily Geinitzinacea along with the Geinitzinidae.
Phylogenetic relatedness of S. anginosus, S. constellatus, and S. intermedius has been confirmed by rRNA sequence analysis.
No human cases of Lagos bat virus infection have been documented.
It encompasses the two type species of the Torque Teno Sus Virus 1 and 2.
Streptomyces humidus is a bacterium species from the genus of Streptomyces which was isolated from soil in Japan.
Pseudomonas stutzeri is a Gram-negative, rod-shaped, motile, single polar-flagellated, soil bacterium first isolated from human spinal fluid.
If not defeated by the animal’s immune system, the virus can cause diseases which can be lethal.
Ochrobactrum guangzhouense is a bacterium from the genus of Ochrobactrum.
1957), as involute compressed, discoidal, with keeled or sharpened venter, smooth to weakly costate.
Candidatus Bartonella woyliei is a candidatus bacteria from the genus of Bartonella which was isolated from the fleas Pygiopsylla hilli and Ixodes australiensis
Haliangium ochraceum is a species of moderately halophilic myxobacteria.
VZV multiplies in the lungs, and causes a wide variety of symptoms.
Influenzavirus B mutates at a rate 2 to 3 times slower than type A.
The name is derived from the 'Oka' or lymphoid organ in which the viruses are commonly detected and in which pathology occurs during acute infections.
The environment of the disease depends on two things, location of the vector and location of the carrots grown.
Its role as an object of study is based on the latter notion.
The whole genome of G. violaceus and of G. kilaueensis have been sequenced.
The viruses in this family can cause a range of diseases including paralysis, meningitis, hepatitis and poliomyelitis.
Indonautilus is an involute nautilid from the Middle and Upper Triassic., with a small or occluded umbilicus and subrectangular whorl section belonging to the Liroceratidae.
EHV-3 is best prevented by taking note of present clinical signs and keeping infected horses isolated and breeding stock from sexual contact with other horses.
Its name is a reference to Lotus corniculatus, a flowering plant from which it was originally isolated.
They should not be confused with acetic acid bacteria which are aerobic, Gram-negative Alphaproteobacteria and widely used to produce vinegar.
There are currently 52 species in this genus including the type species Carnation latent virus.
Streptomyces diastaticus produces oligomycin A, oligomycin C, rimocidin and the leukotriene-A4 hydrolase-inhibitor 8(S)-amino-2(R)-methyl-7-oxononanoic acid.
Like all Plasmodium species P. hermani has both vertebrate and insect hosts.
The Thiotrichales are an order of Proteobacteria, including Thiomargarita namibiensis, the largest known bacterium.
As mentioned above, Vibrionaceae bacteria are in symbiosis with many marine organisms.
Serological studies estimated a presence of anti-EEV antibodies in over 75% of all South African horses.
Angulomicrobium is a genus of bacteria from the family of Hyphomicrobiaceae.
Most species are mesophilic, but some are moderate thermophiles.
Ninella is a genus of fusulinicean forams from the Lower Carboniferous included in the family Ozawainellidae and subfamily Pseudostaffellinae.
It secretes a bacteriocin that targets related species.
which was isolated from Lablab purpureus in the Anhui province in China.
It causes ringspots in raspberries and strawberries and can cause rasp-leaf symptoms in cherry.
