The only buildings were the so-called "Torre Central", Aulas I, the Cafeteria, the gym and the athletics and football court.
Halmstads BTK is a table tennis club in Halmstad, Sweden.
Wyoming is a member of the Mountain West Conference and competes in NCAA Division I, fielding 17 NCAA-sanctioned sports.
The team later quietly re-added the "Florida" portion back to its name.
The team ceased operations on January 29, 2010, citing poor ticket sales.
In 1936, Morphett Vale merged with the Noarlunga Football Club to form the Northern United Football Club.
While the women's teams were formerly known as the Lady Govs, the school emphasizes that all teams are now Governors.
Based in El Paso, Texas, the Generals played their home games at the El Paso County Coliseum.
Along with the other Big Sky football programs, Viking football takes-part in the NCAA Division I Football Championship Subdivision, formerly known as NCAA Division I-AA.
The Cincinnati Swarm was a professional arena football franchise based in Cincinnati, Ohio.
De crest colors are red and blue.
The club’s colours are green and black.
Tom recruited a group of players that formed the organization that we have today.
The club teams also compete as the Leopards.
That year, Iowa suffered an unusually high number of devastating cyclones.
They improved on this placing at the 2014 edition, finishing 8th overall.
The Gladiators began their season by playing against the Pune Marathas in November 2012.
Indiana has two main rivalries including in-state, with the Purdue Boilermakers, and a border rivalry against the Kentucky Wildcats.
The women's soccer team played five seasons in the Swedish top division between 1978–1982.
They currently play in the Women's Football Alliance.
The following week, the Vipers continued their string of success, defeating the Cape Fear Thunder, 30-6.
They were relegated back to Division 2 for the 1987 season where they remained until the two divisions combined in 2002.
The Chill name was revoked in August 2008 after allegations of misconduct were filed with the league regarding Troy Barns, the majority shareholder in the team.
The Atlanta Phoenix is an expansion team of the Women's Football Alliance that began play in 2012.
Club Natació Montjuïc is a Spanish swimming and water polo club from Barcelona established in 1944.
The Nashville Noise was a short-lived member of the American Basketball League.
The Choctaws are in the process of becoming full members of the Gulf South Conference.
The college is a member of both the Christian College Consortium and the Council for Christian Colleges and Universities.
The club's colours are yellow of glory and black.
Alfta GIF is a sports club in Alfta, Sweden, established on 10 November 1900.
They began their inaugural season on April 20, 2013, at home, against the Portland Stags.
Home games were originally played at Tapestry Charter School.
The West Georgia Wolves are the athletic teams that represent the University of West Georgia, located in Carrollton, Georgia, in NCAA Division II intercollegiate sports.
The Iowa Hawkeyes are the athletic teams that represent the University of Iowa, located in Iowa City, Iowa.
The Flamingos played only one season before folding after the 1974 season.
The women's soccer team in the Swedish second division during the late 1990s and the early 2000s.
The Bandits switched to the Women's Football Alliance in 2011 after participating in the Independent Women's Football League in their debut season in 2010.
BYU has also received attention from sports networks for refusal to play games on Sunday, as well as disciplining players due to honor code violations.
They played in the af2, the Arena Football League's developmental league, from 2001 to 2009.
They encountered an arid, inhospitable valley that they then extensively irrigated and cultivated, thereby establishing the foundation to sustain its large population of today.
The Wofford campus is also the site of the training camp of the NFL's Carolina Panthers, whose owner, Jerry Richardson, is a Wofford alumnus.
The Salukis play their home basketball games at SIU Arena and football games at Saluki Stadium.
Scafati Basket, known for sponsorship reasons as Givova Scafati, is an Italian professional basketball club based in Scafati, Campania.
The Western Carolina Catamounts are the athletic teams of Western Carolina University.
The team achieved championships in 2000 and 2003, defeating the Borregos Salvajes-Mty.
The name was chosen in the 1930s for the school's debate team, following the acquisition of two baby kangaroos by the Kansas City Zoo.
In 2013, the football team competed in the Pioneer Football League.
The university participates in the NCAA Division I in the Mountain West Conference.
Based in Windsor, Connecticut, the Nightmare plays its home games at Dillon Stadium in Hartford Connecticut.
The Lakers varsity programs compete in men's and women's basketball, ice hockey, volleyball, soccer, cross country running, rowing, and nordic skiing.
The Spartans compete in the NCAA Division I and are members of the Atlantic Sun Conference since 2007.
The highlight of the short lived team was when the Agogans beat the Harlem Globetrotters 66-59 in 1951.
Kangarilla continue to field Senior and Junior teams in the Hills Football League Division 2 competition.
The Golden Flashes are the athletic teams that represent Kent State University.
The Sioux City Bandits are a professional indoor football team based in Sioux City, Iowa.
They returned to the combined Division 1 in 2002.
Vetlanda BK has won the Swedish bandy championship three times, 1986, 1991 and 1992 and European Cup once, 1991.
The Arkansas–Fort Smith Lions are the athletic teams that represent the University of Arkansas–Fort Smith, located in Fort Smith, Arkansas, in NCAA Division II intercollegiate sports.
Kälarne IK is a sports club in Kälarne, Sweden, established on 14 February 1920.
As a team, Wild Boars arose from friendly tossing on the field.
The team was derived from many players and coaches from the defunct Central PA Vipers.
In the 1950s, LeeRoy was an actual tiger who was brought to sporting events, but today LeeRoy is portrayed by a student wearing a tiger suit.
Avenel is located on the Hume Highway in Central Victoria, Australia, not far from Seymour, Victoria.
Menlo-Atherton High School is a four-year public comprehensive secondary school located in Atherton, California.
In 2005–2006 they again finished in fourth place in the South Division, but were eliminated by the North Division's Beijing Ducks in the quarter-finals.
The Queensland Breakers is an Australian club water polo team that competes in the National Water Polo League.
The Mumbai Gladiators are a professional American football team based in Mumbai, India.
The club was established in 1921 and runs soccer, track and field athletics, gymnastics, orienteering and skiing.
Current owners are James and Laura Brown.
Gressbanen was the national arena for the Norwegian national football team before Ullevaal was built in 1928.
Mission once produced ice hockey equipment as well.
Several Deniliquin players have gone on to play in the Victorian and Australian Football Leagues, including Leo Barry and Peter McIntyre.
The men's ice hockey team competes in Atlantic Hockey Association and women's ice hockey in the Division III New England Hockey Conference.
The club is an incorporated association under the Associations Incorporation Act 1986 and is an affiliate of Swimming Victoria and Metro South District.
Before 1945 there were more than 25,000 members.
The Hamilton Bengals are Junior "B" box lacrosse team from Hamilton, Ontario, Canada.
The Sizzle played in the National Women's Football Association for 4 seasons 2005 to 2008.
The Chiefs play in the OLA Junior A Lacrosse League.
The franchise is currently looking for a new home.
IFK Motala is a Swedish bandy club that were founded in 1932.
At the time, Troy's primary rivals were Jacksonville State University, Livingston University, and the University of North Alabama.
Men's sports include baseball, football, and golf.
The Springfield Lasers are a World TeamTennis franchise.
The Kangarilla Football Club is an Australian rules football club first formed in 1901.
The football team has won the university's only two NCAA Championships.
The school's athletics logo is a simple green and orange, color of an orange tree, letter "U."
Southeastern currently competes in seven men's and seven women's sports, after the addition of football in the 2014-15 academic year.
The franchise abruptly folded in 2013 with no explanation.
The teams are members of the American Athletic Conference, except for the rifle team, which is a member of the single-sport Great America Rifle Conference.
The Phoenix plays its home games at A.
Valparaiso accepted the invitation on May 25.
The 2011 season will be Coach Williams's eighth season with the Roughnecks.
The MSU men's ice hockey team won national titles in 1966, 1986 and 2007.
Since their founding, the Daredevils have had much success winning the 2002 and 2003 Coastal Plain League championships.
After two years of dormancy, the Adrenaline returned for 2011 in the IFL.
The Montana State Bobcats are the varsity athletic teams representing Montana State University in Bozeman in intercollegiate athletics.
The team was one of the six franchises in the inaugural IBL 2013.
Men's soccer joined the Mountain Pacific Sports Federation since the Great West did not sponsor the sport.
In 1971 the club was merged with Husqvarna IF's ice hockey section forming the still active HV71.
The Bradley Braves are the intercollegiate athletics teams of Bradley University, located in Peoria, Illinois, United States.
When the ABA season started in November 2006, however, the Oregon Riptide was not on the schedule.
With the LSFL having games available online through America One, no radio contract was made during the 2012 season.
The North Albany Football and Sporting Club, more often referred to as North Albany, is an Australian rules football club located in Albany, Western Australia.
Borgia Norrköping BK is a bandy club in Norrköping, Sweden, established in 1941.
The team is a member of the American Basketball Association.They play their home games at The Neighborhood Academy.
As of 2017, Cincinnati Sizzle plays in the Women's Football Alliance .
The athletic teams of the Wolfpack compete in 23 intercollegiate varsity sports.
The program has added an additional seven NCAA national titles in women's sports for a grand total of 25 NCAA titles, second in the ACC.
The team was founded in 2015 and played their inaugural season in 2016.
Women's sports include field hockey, golf, gymnastics, volleyball, tennis, and softball.
The University currently fields 14 varsity Division II men's and women's teams.
Seattle Sockeye is an elite-level men's ultimate team based in Seattle, Washington.
Overall, Olympiacos CFP have granted Greek sports and the club itself numerous Olympic, Worldwide and European honours.
They are a member of the Great American Conference and competes in NCAA Division II, fielding 12 varsity teams in 8 sports.
Matt Bassett has been serving as the Athletic Director since 2007.
Prior to 2009, the team was known as the Connecticut Crush and played in the National Women's Football Association.
Jesse O. Sanderson High School, more commonly called Sanderson High School, is a co-educational 9–12 public high school in the Wake County Public School System.
Ten years later, the Warbirds are returning to play in the WFA.
UM has finished in the top ten of the Directors' Cup standings in sixteen of the award's twenty-two seasons.
The team was a charter member of the Great Lakes Indoor Football League joining the league in 2006 as an expansion team.
The Cygnet Football Club is an Australian rules football club currently playing in the Southern Football League, also known as the SFL, in Tasmania, Australia.
The school colors are cherry red, silver, and white.
Home games are played April–June at North Kansas City High School Stadium in nearby North Kansas City.
The UH athletics program is a member of the Big West Conference in most sports and competes at the NCAA Division I level.
The team folded after the 1976 season.
NRG eSports is an esports organization based in California.
The Ferris State Bulldogs are the athletic teams that represent Ferris State University, located in Big Rapids, Michigan, in NCAA Division II intercollegiate sporting competitions.
The Reading Railers are a team of the Premier Basketball League that began play in 2007.
Most of the university's athletic teams compete at the NCAA Division II level in the Northern Sun Intercollegiate Conference.
The Anderson Heat are a World Basketball Association franchise in Anderson, South Carolina.
The Strings played their home matches at The Forum in Inglewood, California.
On July 11, 2013, the franchise announced that they would be changing their name to the Florida Marine Raiders.
The team plays its home games at the Ector County Coliseum in Odessa.
The team ended with a 2-14 record in 2009.
In Greece, Olympiacos have won eight Greek Championships, being one of the most successful clubs domestically.
The UCLA Bruins are the athletic teams that represent the University of California, Los Angeles.
The University's teams were originally named the Beothuks, after the original inhabitants of Newfoundland, but was eventually changed when that name was deemed offensive.
Association sportive de Pontoise-Cergy Tennis de table is a table tennis club based in Pontoise, France.
It took its current name in 2012 after merging with ZZC Alliance.
The Chico Force are a franchise in the International Basketball League based in Chico, California.
The teams that have been approved by U Sports are the men's and women's soccer teams, as well as the men's and women's basketball teams.
The Seattle Mountaineers are a semi-professional basketball club and a member of the American Basketball Association.
The Peacocks compete in the NCAA Division I and are members of the Metro Atlantic Athletic Conference.
The team joined the Continental Indoor Football League as an expansion team during the 2010 season.
They were based in the American Sports Center located in Anaheim, California.
In what turned out to be the team's only season, the Stingrays made it all the way to the ABL's championship round.
The university competes in the Southern Conference for most sports.
The Axemen joined the Indoor Football League as an expansion team in 2013 as the Bemidji Axemen, and first took the field for the 2014 season.
Its name means shield and its colours are cyan and white.
LSU fields teams in 21 varsity sports.
The St. John's Red Storm is the nickname used for the 16 varsity athletic programs of St. John's University, in the U.S. state of New York.
The Tennessee Valley Tigers is a women's American football team located in Huntsville, Alabama.
The team had announced intentions to compete in the new Arena Football League following the dissolution of the af2, but instead ceased operations in October 2009.
Junior programs commence at 7 years and junior teams play in competition from Under 10 to Under 16.
For the 2008, the team moved back to the renamed American Indoor Football Association and renamed themselves the Augusta Colts.
Group B also had the likes of Hyderabad Aces and Nagpur Orangers.
and played in the qualifying rounds for the Swedish top division in 1970.
Women's rowing has also won two recent NCAA titles.
The school is a member of the New Jersey Athletic Conference and competes in NCAA Division III.
The ThunderWolves won the 2014 NCAA Division II Football National Championship, its first in football program history, by blanking previously undefeated Minnesota State University, Mankato 13-0.
Team owner Patrick Kelley was sent a cease and desist order by Colorado Securities Commissioner Fred Joseph over attempts to raise money for this team.
The women's bandy team has played several seasons in the Swedish top division.
The team is based in Chennai, India.
The American football team plays in the Scottish/Northern 2A league.
The American Basketball Association is an American semi-professional men's basketball minor league that was founded in 1999.
The following is a list of notable deaths in April 2012.
It was established in January 2013 after the acquisition of the former League of Legends roster of Moscow Five.
Olympiacos CFP has nurtured some of the greatest Greek athletes.
The Rushworth Football Club is an Australian rules football club based in the town of Rushworth, Victoria, Australia.
It has produced numerous athletes; World champions and European champions, winners at the Olympic, Mediterranean and Balkan Games.
The Lions compete as members of the Heartland Conference for all 10 varsity sports.
Based in Tacoma, Washington, the Trauma plans to announce its home venue in the coming weeks.
The three major service academies compete for the Commander-in-Chief's Trophy, which is awarded to the academy that defeats the others in football that year.
The winner now takes home a bronzed I-75 road sign.
The club won the Swedish men's national volleyball championship in 1964.
From 1937 to 1957 it competed in the National Association of Intercollegiate Athletics.
Men's sports are football, basketball, baseball, soccer, tennis, golf, track and field and cross-country.
Football's "Run & Shoot" offense was first implemented at the college level at PSU by then coach Darryl "Mouse" Davis.
Unlike most AFL teams, Jones maintains the intellectual property rights to the Desperados.
The club is one of 12 member clubs in the Kyabram & District Football League and are known as the 'Tigers'.
By the 2014 season the Women's Football Alliance had 63 teams across the United States making it the largest-ever women's tackle football league in the world.
During the 2005-2006 season, 34 percent of the student body played varsity-level athletics.
It is primarily used for basketball and is the home field of the Tijuana Dragons and Galgos de Tijuana.
The rifle team is a member of the single-sport Great America Rifle Conference, while the bowling team competes as an independent.
It was ranked #14 of "America's Best Sports College" in a 2002 analysis performed by Sports Illustrated.
The college also has club teams and intramural sports that vary from year to year.
The club finished on 3rd at the end of Dhivehi league 2013 having a strong team which included some key players of Maldives National Football Team.
The previous years it had departments in football, swimming, handball, and water polo.
They were charter members of the International Basketball League and began play in the league in 2004.
The team was also aided by Senario Hillman of the University of Alabama and Jon Mandeldove of UCONN.
Aris Nikaias is a Greek multi-sport club based in Nikaia, Piraeus.
It is owned by Stephen Moss-Kelley, a former IBL all-star.
The Detroit Mercy Titans are the athletic teams of the University of Detroit Mercy.
Katunga Football Club joined the Picola & District Football League in 1951 and has called the league its home ever since.
The Atlanta Justice were one of the original franchises of the National Women's Basketball League.
The franchise is currently owned by Scott McCarron.
Entering their eighth season as of 2007, they were the longest running of many professional football franchises in the city of Birmingham.
The National Semifinal rounds were broadcast worldwide in 2007 on ESPNU and ESPN Classic on December 6, 2008.
Team 3D was one of the most successful North American Counter-Strike teams and briefly became a part of the Championship Gaming Series.
Arizona's chief rival is the Arizona State Sun Devils.
It holds 4,500 people and was built in 1969.
The baseball program was dropped after the 2011–12 season.
Adelphi has been a member of the NE-10 since 2009.
It was the only club to win four successive NWFU premierships, achieved from 1969 to 1972.
The Skyhawks athletic program is a member of the Ohio Valley Conference and competes at the NCAA Division I level including the Football Championship Subdivision.
The Buckskins had 27 wins and 17 losses and were the Gulf Plains Section Champions.
Then the team withdrew from the league because of financial problems.
The AIF ceased operations following the 2016 season, leaving the Ironmen without a league.
However, this game was also cancelled 36 hours prior to kickoff leading to infuriated sponsors seeking reimbursement.
Since then, the club changed its name several times before settling on CSKA in 1989.
They won the league championship in their first year.
On October 10, 2011, TCU announced that it had accepted an invitation to join the Big 12 Conference.
Vaterpolo klub Beograd is a water polo club from Belgrade, Serbia.
The Northwest Indiana Stars were a professional basketball team that played in the Premier Basketball League in the 2012 season.
The team was a member of the Central Division of the American Conference, in the Arena Football League.
Williams, along with fellow NESCAC members Amherst and Wesleyan, is part of the Little Three rivalry, one of the oldest continually contested rivalries in college athletics.
The North Winnipeg Nomads Football Club is a Canadian football club established in 1969 and originally started as a single bantam age football team.
DU's athletic teams are known as the Pioneers.
Among notable alumni is former NFL quarterback Brett Favre and former NFL punter Ray Guy.
The UTM mascot is Captain Skyhawk, and the school colors are navy and orange.
Roller Derby Team New Zealand is the New Zealand national representative women's flat track roller derby team.
The team currently plays in Baloncesto Profesional Colombiano.
Since 1998, the Bulls have been members of the Mid-American Conference for all sports except women's rowing, which competes in the Colonial Athletic Association.
The Marshall Thundering Herd is the intercollegiate athletic collection of teams that collectively represent the Marshall University in Huntington, West Virginia.
In football, JMU participates in the Football Championship Subdivision of Division I, formerly known as Division I-AA.
Baylor is also a founding member of the Big 12 Conference.
Pepperdine's chief athletic rival is the Loyola Marymount Lions, who are also in the WCC.
The university's teams are members of U Sports, and compete in the Canada West Universities Athletics Association, and where applicable, in the Pacific and Pioneers division.
The Niagara Purple Eagles are athletics teams that represent Niagara University in college sports.
Team Australia finished in third place at the 2014 Roller Derby World Cup in Dallas, and will compete in the 2018 World Cup in Manchester.
During the 1968 season, the team was also known as the Huntsville Hawks.
The club has produced many afl players including Patrick Dangerfield, Gary Abblett, Nat Fyfe and Tom Mitchell all playing in the same junior team.
It has played in the Serie A1 since 1981.
The Victoria Cougars were a minor professional ice hockey team based in Victoria, British Columbia.
The team filled the void left by the demise of the Ohio Valley Greyhounds, who played their final down of football in 2007.
Melton Hockey Club is a field hockey club based in Melton, Victoria, Australia.
The Valley Vipers are an expansion team of the Women's Football Alliance set to begin play in 2012.
In subsequent years it has been second to Olympic Nice, but it still remains a regular in the European Cup.
The Cardinals and Lady Cardinals teams compete in all seventeen NCAA Division I sports sponsored by the Southland Conference.
Coastal fields varsity teams in 20 sports, 9 for men and 11 for women.
In November 2000, Owner Frank Lawrence named Mike Hold the teams new head coach and Darrell Harbin the teams new general manager.
The Cal State Los Angeles Golden Eagles are the athletic teams that represent California State University, Los Angeles in NCAA Division II intercollegiate sports.
They joined the Arena Football League in 1996 as an expansion team.
Though originally only used by the student body, both terms—Wahoos and 'Hoos—have come into wide usage with the local media as well.
The red fox or reynard is indigenous to the Hudson Valley where Marist is located and is regarded as highly intelligent and cunning.
The alpine skiing section was also separated from IF Friska Viljor.
News reports often mention "Montezuma Mesa" or "news from the mesa" when discussing San Diego State-related sports events.
Navy is also one of approximately 300 members of the Eastern College Athletic Conference.
The team is notable for having been defeated by the Baltimore Blaze in the only NRL Championship 100 to 93 on August 9, 2001.
They are the first team to reach the finals of the League of Legends World Championship twice, doing so in 2013 and 2014.
The Central Hawks Football Club is an Australian rules football club currently in recess.
They were members of the Champions Professional Indoor Football League.
The Admirals became one of the best teams in the IAFL, appearing in the playoffs semifinals numerous times.
Lugi HF is a handball team from Lund, Sweden.
The Horizon is a member of the Eastern Basketball Alliance.
The NightHawks joined the PIFL in 2012 as an expansion team.
Based in Clarksville, Tennessee, the Fox play their home games on the campus of Northwest High School.
The Nighthawks compete as members of the Peach Belt Conference in 12 of their 13 varsity sports; with rifle competing in the Division I Southern Conference.
The Morphett Vale Football Club is an Australian rules football club first formed in 1895.
In 1999, the Crimson Storm athletic nickname replaced the "Redskins", and the "Thundercat" was debuted as the mascot in 2003.
Noarlunga returned to the re-established Southern FA in 1919, starting a golden period of the club, winning Premierships in 1921, 1922, 1925 & 1926.
The men's ice hockey team is a charter member of the National Collegiate Hockey Conference, which formed in 2011 with play beginning in 2013.
It is the team’s goal to build and maintain a full roster of 20 players throughout the 2015 season and beyond.
The Explosion is owned by Courtyard Media Foundation, whose current President Nathan Mumm oversees team operations.
The Club currently plays in the Old Scholars Football Association.
Bollsta IK is a sports club in Bollstabruk, Sweden, established in 1912.
The McPherson Bulldogs are the athletic teams that represent McPherson College in McPherson, Kansas.
Dostluk Spor women's football team became runner-up in the 1999–2000 season of the Turkish Women's First Football League.
On February 13, 2008, USBasket reported that Scott Cooper was named the head coach.
Lesjöfors IF is a sports club in Lesjöfors, Sweden.
The Northmen play in the OLA Junior B Lacrosse League.
The Panthers also won the 1969 NAIA men's soccer title.
The team was the first to hail from Jackson since 1995.
The team began play in the WFA for its inaugural 2009 season.
In the spring of 2016, the Gyrenes joined the Mid-South Conference for football.
The Southwestern Moundbuilders are the athletic teams that represent Southwestern College in Winfield, Kansas.
Vicentre is one of the largest clubs in Victoria, and Swimming Australia Podium Performance Centre.
For the women's team, see Galatasaray Women's Water Polo Team.
In September 2016, Boston Celtics forward Jonas Jerebko purchased the rights to the Renegades franchise.
They played their home games at the Sovereign Center.
The So Cal Scorpions were a semi-pro women's American football team based in San Diego, California.
The Yakima Valley Warriors were a professional indoor football team that will played in the American Indoor Football Association in the 2010 season.
The Fort Lewis Skyhawks are the athletic teams that represent Fort Lewis College, located in Durango, Colorado, in NCAA Division II intercollegiate sports.
The Halifax Hurricanes, with a larger ownership group than the Rainmen's single owner, replaced the Rainmen in NBL Canada for the 2015–16 season.
The college is a few blocks from the international Peace Bridge and has students from around the world.
In 1967, the team was merged with the other football club of the ciy, Orpheus Xanthi, and formed Skoda Xanthi F.C..
The total sales of U of L merchandise, tripling since 2001, now rank 32nd nationally.
Heading into the 2003 season, the team split and the Philadelphia Phoenix was formed.
The American Basketball Association is an American semi-professional men's basketball minor league that was founded in 1999.
The Seawolves principally compete as members of the Great Northwest Athletic Conference.
The Eastern Washington Eagles are the intercollegiate varsity athletic teams of Eastern Washington University in Cheney, southwest of Spokane.
They were previously a member of the NCAA College Division, a precursor to NCAA Division II.
The Hurricanes were founded in 2009 and have become a dominant team of Hungary since.
A football team had been fielded, but the program was discontinued in 1975.
and the UEFA Super Cup against Real Madrid C.F.
Athlitikos Syllogos Aris officially A.C. Aris Thessaloniki, is a major Greek multi-sport club founded on 25 March 1914 in Thessaloniki.
Mobile Bay is the only place on earth where jubilees are a common occurrence.
Though the Outlaws were defeated, they remain proud that they beat the tough Lone Star Mustangs twice in order to earn that title.
The Kentucky Drillers were a professional indoor football team based in Pikeville, Kentucky.
The Knights play in the OLA Junior B Lacrosse League.
Currently their best player is Dean Wayne.
The Pioneers compete in Division II of the National Collegiate Athletic Association as members of the Great Midwest Athletic Conference.
The American Basketball Association is an American semi-professional men's basketball minor league that was founded in 1999.
OF Nea Ionia is a Greek handball club, based in Nea Ionia, Athens.
The Rome Gladiators, based in Rome, Georgia, USA are a franchise in the World Basketball Association.
The Las Vegas Aces is a team in the modern American Basketball Association in Las Vegas, Nevada.
Based in Binghamton, New York, the Spitfire played their home games at Alumni Stadium during their one and only season of existence in 2010.
The Chargers had been members of the GLIAC since 1975.
The Lubbock Hawks were a women's professional basketball team in the National Women's Basketball League.
The Oakland Banshees are a women's semi-professional American football team based in Oakland, California.
When the AIFA broke apart, the Lions joined the Southern Indoor Football League.
The women's soccer team played three seasons in the Swedish top division between 1979–1981.
The Kermandie Football Club was an Australian rules football club that played in the Southern Football League in Tasmania, Australia.
The team was most recently a member of the Pacific Division of the Intense Conference of the Indoor Football League.
They were an original member of the American Indoor Football League in 2005, and advanced to the first AIFL Championship Game.
In the fourth century AD, East Roman border guard legions may have become even smaller.
A football club named Friska Viljor FC was separated from IF Friska Viljor in February 1994.
The Nebraska Danger has been the most successful of all of Nebraska's indoor football teams with its multiple conference championships.
They are the only Aussie Rules club to represent the region.
The Pittsburgh Passion is a women's American football team based in the Pittsburgh metropolitan area.
It plays in the Russian Bandy Super League, the top division of Russian bandy.
The Owners of the Dawgs are Mike Dortch and Macey Brooks.
The school's men's basketball team plays in 8,508-seat Bartow Arena.
The football team competes in the Division I Football Championship Subdivision, formerly known as Division I-AA.
Joe Hamilton lead the SEBL in scoring with a 25.7 average.
The Kentucky Wesleyan College Panthers are the athletic teams of Kentucky Wesleyan College, which compete in the NCAA Division II and the Great Midwest Athletic Conference.
Founded in 1925, Salisbury is a member of the University System of Maryland, with a Fall 2016 enrollment of 8,748.
In the three seasons following the merger, the Sportimes played 12 home matches in New York City and nine in the Capital District.
The Razors first home game took place on Saturday November 26, 2011 at 7pm against the East Point Jaguars, which they won, 107-98.
Today SBB Vukovi are competing in SAAF Serbian Superleague and Central European Football League.
of the Israeli Basketball Premier League, The team is owned by Jeffrey Rosen, CEO of Triangle Entertainment.
The team's first international competition was the 2011 Roller Derby World Cup, where it finished in first place after defeating Team Canada in the final.
The school's colors are midnight blue and gold.
The Sacramento Rush is a team of the Women's Football Alliance scheduled to begin play for the 2011 season.
After careful review, the AUDL accepted the proposal in April 2012.
At the end of the nineteenth century, the Inland Empire was a major center of agriculture, including citrus, dairy, and wine-making.
At that time, the Mountaineers joined the Mid-American Conference as an affiliate member for men's soccer.
The Alaska Nanooks are the University of Alaska Fairbanks sports teams, derived from the Inupiaq "nanuq."
The school district also employs over 23,900 instructional and classified employees, which make up more than 95% of the OCPS work force.
The Power began play in 1996, and disbanded when the ABL folded at the end of 1998.
The Pacific Tigers represent the University of the Pacific in Stockton, California in intercollegiate athletics.
The Steel left the CBL for the WBA after the league lost a team in Tupelo, Mississippi.
The Warriors were based in Yakima, Washington.
The Ouachita Baptist Tigers are composed of 16 teams representing Ouachita Baptist University in intercollegiate athletics, including men and women's basketball, golf, soccer, swimming, and tennis.
The Knights field 16 varsity teams that have won numerous national and conference titles.
On 15 January 2004 the club merged with IK Ramunder, leading to the establishment of Söderköpings IK.
The American Basketball Association is an American semi-professional men's basketball minor league that was founded in 1999.
The Frederick Saints are a women's semi-professional football team in the Women's Spring Football League set to begin play for the 2012 season.
The Indiana State Warriors are a professional basketball team in the American Basketball Association.
The team was introduced during the 2013 season.
The franchise that was one of the league's charter members.
The team and league folded after 1951.
Biola University Athletics was an active member of the NAIA from 1964-2017.
They have won a record 38 Greek water polo championships and 12 Greek water polo cups with 9 Doubles.
The population was 2,986 at the 2010 census.
After missing the 2012 season, the Daredevils joined the Tidewater Summer League for the 2013 season.
While in Northern Kentucky, the River Monsters were specifically based in Highland Heights, Kentucky, and played their home games played at The Bank of Kentucky Center.
It competed in the AF2 National Conference West.
The team's home ground is National Sports Club of India in Mumbai.
The Quest played their home games at the Greater Columbus Convention Center in Battelle Hall.
Központi Sport- és Ifjúsági SE is a water polo club from Budapest, Hungary.
Athletes of the association enjoyed considerable success both in national and international competitions, winning for example more than 200 olympic medals.
The team's cheerleaders are known as the Thunder Girls.
The University of Florida, its athletic program, its alumni, and its sports fans are often collectively referred to as the "Gator Nation."
The Kirchdorf Wildcats are an American football team in Kirchdorf am Inn, Germany.
Appalachian State fields varsity teams in 20 sports, 10 for men and 10 for women.
The head coach from 2005 to 2013 was Rob Ridnour, father of former NBA guard Luke Ridnour.
The end result was prospective owners saw NIFL as a league to avoid which was a major factor in the league's problems in 2007.
The Blackbirds compete in the NCAA Division I and are members of the Northeast Conference.
The Acadiana Zydeco is a team of the Women's Football Alliance which began play for its 2010 season.
The Denver Falcons were the first professional ice hockey team in Colorado.
The team competes in the Országos Bajnokság I.
Rochester won the first game of the best of three 2011 championship series 105–101.
The transition to a new conference was announced on August 29, 2012.
The Missouri Tigers athletics programs include the extramural and intramural sports teams of the University of Missouri, located in Columbia, Missouri, United States.
Johnson signed a professional contract with the Liepajas Lauvas of Latvia, while senior Mitchell Wiggins Jr was one of seven players drafted by the Harlem Globetrotters.
The club competes in the Victorian Amateur Football Association and the South Metro Junior Football League and has both men's and women's teams.
The Aces had 15 wins and 29 losses and finished in last place in the Gulf Plains Section.
Findlay Prep was founded in 2006, with Scott Beeten as head coach.
The school colors are purple and white.
This article lists details of each team in the defunct Championship Gaming Series professional esports league.
The Centurions are a gridiron football club established in 2007, competing in the ACT Gridiron league.
The Nor Cal Red Hawks are a women's football team based in Redding, California.
The Owner of the Silverbacks was April Shellenberger.
The College has more conference championships than any other school in the Colonial Athletic Association.
Their hometown was much larger than usual for the ABL, which mainly targeted mid-market cities, and initial team merchandising was successful.
The nickname "Jaguar" originates from input by students, staff, faculty, and the local community.
Men's Soccer competes in the Heartland Conference.
After playing in the 2012 IBL season, they did not return in 2013.
Women's sports include volleyball, tennis, soccer, and softball.
Home games are played at the John D. Fuller, Sr. Recrerational/Athletic Complex.
The two was a combo with Coach Chris Simpson, who brought the two kick returners in to play two roles.
Athletic director Kenneth Cochrane officially shortened the nickname to Zips in 1950.
The Indianapolis Enforcers were a professional indoor football team based in Indianapolis, Indiana.
It offers a wide variety of varsity and intramural sports programs, and was selected as "America's Best Sports College" in a 2002 analysis by Sports Illustrated.
The Stags competed as part of Major League Ultimate in the league's Western Conference until the league suspended operations in 2016.
The Rangers compete as members of the Rocky Mountain Athletic Conference for all 12 varsity sports.
Wheaton College is a four-year, private liberal arts college with a student body of approximately 1,600.
Established in 1970, The club won the Swedish national women's table tennis team championship during the season of 1998-1999.
Erzurum Gençlik SK is active in more than 30 branches, including many Olympic sports.
The head coach, Terry Foster, left the team to coach the Myrtle Beach Freedom on April 19, 2016.
The Dayton Air Strikers are an American minor league basketball team based out of Dayton,Ohio.
Washington DC Current were an Ultimate team in the East Division of the Major League Ultimate.
Oklahoma State Cowboys and Cowgirls are the athletic teams that represent Oklahoma State University.
The Highlanders compete in NCAA Division I; they are members of the Big West Conference.
The SSU women’s basketball team won the NAIA Division II National Championship on March 16, 1999 with an 80-65 win over the University of Saint Francis.
The university fields sixteen varsity athletic teams in the National Collegiate Athletic Association at the Division I level with football competing in the Football Bowl Subdivision.
The school has also placed second twice nationally in football and once in women's basketball at the Division II level.
The Shreveport Aftershock was a football team in the Independent Women's Football League based in Shreveport, Louisiana.
Pune Marathas is a tennis team representing the city of Pune, India, in Champions Tennis League.
They played in the league for one season, 1988.
The Arkansas Tech Wonder Boys and Golden Suns are the athletic teams that represent Arkansas Tech University in Russellville, Arkansas.
Their inaugural season was the 2013-14 ABA season in which they achieved a record of 1-5.
The university provides an array of intramural and club sports programs for students.
The club is part of the University Sport Society USD Bosna.
The club is based in the North Eastern Victorian town of Nagambie.
Home games are played at Mulcahy Stadium in Anchorage.
It is affiliated with the Wesleyan Church.
Gwizzlies players have been invited to tour France and Spain in early fall each year.
PK Partizan or Plivački Klub Partizan is a swimming club from Belgrade, Serbia.
The Golden Bulls have been members of the CIAA since 1926.
The Bulldogs participate in 19 NCAA Division I intercollegiate sports.
The American Basketball Association is an American semi-professional men's basketball minor league that was founded in 1999.
The Meadows Football Club is an Australian rules football club first formed in the late 19th century.
Twenty Warhawk athletic teams compete in NCAA Division III.
The California Golden Bears are the athletic teams that represent the University of California, Berkeley.
The Shawnee State Bears are the athletic teams for Shawnee State University, established in 1986.
Djurgårdens IF Amerikansk Fotboll is the section for American football within the sports club Djurgårdens IF in Stockholm.
Alumni of the athletic program include two Nobel Prize winners, 20 Olympians, 19 Rhodes Scholars, four Marshall Scholars, and 16 Fulbright Scholars.
Coincidentally, Rockford was the site of the first-ever Arena Football game in 1986.
For wrestling only, Rider is an associate member of the Eastern Wrestling League.
The men's soccer team has played in the Swedish third division.
Team Impulse is a League of Legends team competing in the North American League of Legends Championship Series.
The Lafayette Leopards represent the 23 Division I varsity athletic teams of Lafayette College and compete in the Patriot League.
On January 5, 2015, the team announced they were discontinuing operations due to a lack of teams to play against in the region.
MFF Bordtennis was the table tennis section of Malmö FF.
The Vermont Catamounts are the varsity intercollegiate athletic programs of the University of Vermont, based in Burlington, Vermont, United States.
They won the APFL championship in 2013 in their first season with that league.
Sandvikens AIK is the bandy department of Sandvikens AIK and is based at Göransson Arena in Sandviken.
The Razorbacks, also known as the Hogs, are the names of college sports teams at the University of Arkansas in Fayetteville, Arkansas.
The Advocate held a "Name the Team" contest which was won by a local teacher, Sean Fluharty.
GSU's teams are members of the Sun Belt Conference, a conference of which they were a charter member.
Shippensburg defeated the Vulcans for the title of PSAC Champions.
Starting in 2010 the ThunderHawks played their home games at the DeltaPlex Arena, in nearby Walker, Michigan.
The Virginia Wesleyan softball team won the 2017 NCAA Division III National Championship with a record 54 wins.
The Reading Express were a professional indoor football team based in Reading, Pennsylvania.
The school fields men's varsity teams in basketball, cross country, football, golf, tennis, and track and field.
The Ravens finished 2nd in the World University Basketball Championships in 2004.
The club is part of the sports society JSD Partizan.
The college competes in the Western State Conference, which is affiliated with the California Community College Athletic Association.
The Renegades were one of the founding teams of the National Women's Football Association.
The Oakland University Golden Grizzlies are the athletic teams that represent Oakland University in the Horizon League and Division I of the National Collegiate Athletic Association.
The Chicago Enforcers were a short-lived American football team based at Soldier Field in Chicago, Illinois.
The IUPUI Jaguars are the 18 intercollegiate teams that represent Indiana University – Purdue University Indianapolis, in Indianapolis, Indiana, U.S.
The Mustangs compete as members of the Northern Sun Intercollegiate Conference for all 14 varsity sports.
On May 8, 2017, the Missouri Valley Conference extended an invitation to Valparaiso to join the conference effective July 1, 2017.
The Stars played their home games at the Santa Ana Star Center.
The Knights compete in the NCAA Division I and are members of the Northeast Conference.
The Lindenwood Lions and Lady Lions are the intercollegiate athletic teams of Lindenwood University, located in St. Charles, Missouri.
The uniform colors were red, white, and blue.
In 2000, Richmond went 7-9 and missed the playoffs.
The club currently competes in Croatian First League and in Adriatic League.
The football team will play their games at Investors Group Field.
The TTU athletic program is a member of the Ohio Valley Conference and competes in the NCAA Division I, including the Football Championship Subdivision .
The Chicago Wildfire is a professional ultimate team that competes in the Midwest Division of the American Ultimate Disc League.
UAH is a member of the National Collegiate Athletics Association, competing in Division II in 17 sports and Division I in men's ice hockey.
Menlo-Atherton is part of the Sequoia Union High School District.
İzmir Büyükşehir Belediyespor is a multi-sports club established 1979 in İzmir, Turkey by the city's metropolitan municipality.
The Shorter University athletic program is a member of the Gulf South Conference and is a provisional member of NCAA Division II.
The American Basketball Association is an American semi-professional men's basketball minor league that was founded in 1999.
The Dallas Marshals are a member of Champions Indoor Football.
The River Monsters played their home games at The Bank of Kentucky Center.
The Orillia Kings are Junior "B" box lacrosse team from Orillia, Ontario, Canada.
Since 2013, Louisiana Tech has been a member of Conference USA.
The Buds were owned by Dr. Phil Young.
Associação de Cultura e Recreio de Gulpilhares is a Rink Hockey team from Vila Nova de Gaia, Portugal.
Women's sports include field hockey, softball, and volleyball.
After World War II, a strong team was created with Giannis Lambrou, Rigas Efstathiadis, Antonis Tritsis and others.
If a student does not have at least this many credits, there are credit make-up programs available.
The school has nationally recognized soccer programs for men and women.
Home games are played at the Zachary High School in nearby Zachary.
The team plays in the National Premier Soccer League, a national semi-professional league at the fourth tier of the American Soccer Pyramid.
It is active in swimming, water polo, table tennis and triathlon.
They are based in Preston, representing the northern suburban area of Melbourne.
They played sporadically in the new American Basketball Association beginning in the 2007–2008 season.
The Lincoln Blue Tigers are the sports teams of Lincoln University in Jefferson City, Missouri.
The Southern Steam are a professional indoor football team based in Statesboro, Georgia.
The Cal Poly Mustangs are the athletic teams representing Cal Poly also known as California Polytechnic State University in San Luis Obispo, California.
Based in North Las Vegas, Nevada, United States, the Legacy plays its home games at Legacy High School.
In 2010 this was the 40th time it did so.
The Marion Football Club is an Australian rules football club first formed in 1891 as the Sturt Football Club.
Team Brasil is incorporated as a not-for-profit organization, run by the Brazilian skaters.
Lotorps IF is a sports club in Lotorp, Sweden, established on 15 March 1923.
NiP also had a team in Overwatch and Dota 2.
The men's bandy team played in the Swedish top division in 1931 and 1932.
The team's colours are cyan and white.
The women's soccer team played in the Swedish third division during the 1980s.
The team was announced as one of the league's charter members on February 25, 1999.
The New York Apples were a charter franchise of World Team Tennis.
The next year saw them join the Independent Women's Football League where they continue their active membership.
The FireHawks played their home games at the Allen County War Memorial Coliseum.
All previous programs to have moved from FBS to FCS level did so because the NCAA downgraded either the individual programs or their conferences.
Birmingham Steel Magnolias was a women's American football team based in Birmingham, Alabama.
The Freedom were a member of the Professional Indoor Football League.
They were scheduled to begin play in the 2010 PBL season, however they did not draft for the 2010 season.
The Grand View Vikings are the athletic teams of Grand View University.
The Crusaders compete as members of the Great Northwest Athletic Conference.
The Indiana Wesleyan Wildcats are the athletic teams that represent Indiana Wesleyan University.
Founded in 1847, the school held its first classes on November 12, 1849.
The team will be made up of players which participated in camps, each being signed for six weeks.
Mireia Belmonte García, silver medalist in London 2012, is the most prolific swimmer of this club.
The men's team plays in second-tier Serie A2.
On 29 August 2005, it was announced that the bandy activity would be disestablished.
The school's English debate team, informally called Kick-Ass, reached second position in a regional competition in 2011.
It also reached the European Cup's final in 1989 and 1994, losing to Spandau 04 and Újpesti TE.
The Tigers compete in the NCAA Division I and are members of the Southwestern Athletic Conference.
Home games in 2011 are to be played on the campus of St. John Vianney High School in Holmdel, NJ.
The Clarion Golden Eagles are the athletic teams that represent the Clarion University of Pennsylvania, located in Clarion, Pennsylvania, in NCAA Division II intercollegiate sports.
The Griffins play in the OLA Junior B Lacrosse League.
The Tritons compete in the NCAA Division II and are members of the Sunshine State Conference.
Fiorentina Waterpolo is an Italian swimming and water polo club from Florence.
Willamette moved to the NCAA's Division III in 1998 after previously being a National Association of Intercollegiate Athletics institution.
The Atlanta Heartbreakers are a team of the Women's Spring Football League which began play for the 2011 season.
The baseball team has reached the College World Series once, in 1972.
The Concordia Stingers are the athletic teams that represent Concordia University in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.
Brosky also played as a semi-pro football player while playing college football, until then-Panthers coach Johnny Majors found out and ended Brosky's moonlighting.
It comprises the Blues team, the second-team Stymies, and the Ladies team.
Based in Summerlin, Nevada, the Showgirlz play their home games on the campus of Faith Lutheran Jr/Sr High School in the city's upscale Summerlin district.
Bowl games, conference championships, and All-American athletes have all been frequent occurrences at Southern Miss.
The Jaguars joined American Indoor Football before the beginning of the 2016 season and played their home games at the Lakeland Center.
The Detroit Panthers were an American minor-league basketball team in the Premier Basketball League.
Its 26 varsity teams compete in the Atlantic Coast Conference.
Roller Derby France represents France in women's international roller derby, in events such as the Roller Derby World Cup.
They played their inaugural game on April 19, 2014, where they hosted the Toronto Rush and lost by a score of 22-14.
The club is home to several teams, including football, basketball, volleyball, handball, water polo, swimming, wrestling, ice hockey, and weightlifting.
All of those championships have come in either men's indoor, women's indoor, men's outdoor, or women's outdoor track and field.
The Mississauga Tomahawks were a Junior "A" box lacrosse team from Mississauga, Ontario, Canada.
They played in the Eastern Division of the National Conference, and played their home games at Nassau Coliseum in Uniondale, New York.
The soccer team has played in the Swedish fourth division.
The club is part of the University Sport Society USD Bosna, founded same year.
They played their home games at NYTEX Sports Centre In North Richland Hills, TX.
The club won Dagbladsstafetten in 1940 and 1946.
Former players who advanced to the majors include Keith Foulke, Geoff Jenkins, Wally Joyner, Don August, Jeff Kent and numerous others.
The Chicago Pythons were a Professional Indoor Football team based in Homer Glen, Illinois.
Based in Memphis, Tennessee, home games were played at Evangelical Christian School.
Gymnasticos Syllogos Iraklis, commonly referred to as Iraklis, is a Greek multi-sports club based in Thessaloniki.
The team played its home games in a local high school gymnasium.
On December 15, 2012, Seton Hall and the other seven Catholic, non-FBS schools announced that they were departing the Big East for a new conference.
Thundering Herd athletic teams compete in Conference USA, which are members of the NCAA Division I.
The Johnson County Community College Cavaliers are the sports teams of Johnson County Community College located in Overland Park, Kansas, United States.
The American Basketball Association is an American semi-professional men's basketball minor league that was founded in 1999.
The Rochester Brigade was a professional arena football team based in Rochester, New York.
CougarTech is a veteran team that prides itself on its coopertition with other teams as well as its teaching of younger teams.
This club is one of the oldest in the society.
The university sponsors eight teams for the men) and eleven for the women, volleyball, and beach volleyball).
The Kitsap Admiral Basketball Club is a semi-professional international feeder program that is based in Bremerton, Washington.
2 seed, the highest ranking for a UNM soccer team in school history.
Although the team was scheduled to play a 14-game season, poor attendance and sagging revenues would prove too much for the new league.
ZVL was founded with the intention to give women in Leiden a change to play waterpolo at the highest level.
The Macclesfield Football Club is an Australian rules football club first formed in 1880.
The Dayton Flyers are the intercollegiate athletic teams of the University of Dayton of Dayton, Ohio.
The BYU Cougars are the intercollegiate athletic teams that represent Brigham Young University, a major university located in Provo, Utah.
The Maine Rebels are a football team in the Independent Women's Football League based in Portland, Maine.
The crew programs are among the few in the nation that claim on-campus facilities.
The Rumbalara Football Club, nicknamed Rumba, is an Australian Rules Football club playing in the Murray Football League since 2006.
Prospect competes in the South Australian Grade Cricket League, administered by the South Australian Cricket Association.
Playing from 1996 through 1998, the team produced many memorable moments for Colorado sports fans and followers of women's professional basketball in general.
The 2015–16 season began with Louisville ranked 24th through the final fall standings.
Established in 2014, the club had a men's team and a women's team.
The Wildcats previously competed in the Southern Conference, and retain associate membership in that league for wrestling.
The Montreal Blitz is a women's American football team in the Women's Football Alliance.
When IFK Jönköping was disbanded following the 1998 season, the activity was transferred to IFK Öxnehaga.
They played their home games at the Utah Olympic Oval in Kearns, Utah, a suburb of Salt Lake City.
He said, "I’m working on several options for 2015, none of which I am ready to reveal at this time."
Prior to playing in the IWFL, the Vipers were a member of the National Women's Football Association in 2006 and 2007.
After a two-year hiatus, the River Monsters returned in 2014 as a member of the South Division of the Continental Indoor Football League.
In the Spring of 2017, Quinnipiac announced they were partnering with Adidas to provide athletic wear for all varsity teams.
Nemeth and linemen Nate Tucker and Brown advanced to the Arena Football League after the SIFL season concluded.
Bjuråkers GIF is a sports club in Bjuråker, Sweden, established on 26 November 1952.
The DeltaPlex seats up to 4,400 for basketball.
The American Basketball Association is an American semi-professional men's basketball minor league that was founded in 1999.
Originally known as the South Shore Splash, the team were previously members of the International Basketball League.
Their primary colors were red, midnight blue and white, similar to Major League Baseball's Boston Red Sox, and its logo featured a mustachioed, bare-fisted boxer.
The club was founded in 1885, while the waterpolo department was created in 1911.
Eleven years later, the university added "Gold" to the nickname in May 2005, but it was reversed in about a week after public backlash.
It is now playing bandy, soccer, tennis and floorball.
In 2012, they won the World Cup.
The team also represents the Rush–Henrietta Central School District in competition.
The club is based in the Riverina town of Deniliquin, New South Wales
The Missouri State Bears and Lady Bears are the athletic teams representing Missouri State University.
The team jumped to the Indoor Football League as the Arkansas Diamonds for the 2010 season.
West Virginia State was a founding member of the conference following the demise of the West Virginia Intercollegiate Athletic Conference in 2013.
Red Star Rugby League Club) is a Serbian rugby league football club based in Belgrade and competing in the Serbian Rugby League 1st Division.
In 2002, Augusta was on fire by winning 11 of its first 12 games, and made the playoffs again.
Bayer Uerdingen men's team won the Wasserball-Liga in 1926, while its women's team won its first championship in 1994.
After an announcer referred to the players as the "D-men," the moniker stuck and eventually evolved into "Demons."
The Phoenix was originally part of the National Women's Football Association before moving to the Women's Football Alliance and then the team changed their name.
The Blitz were most recently members of American Indoor Football in 2015 and 2016 and the Continental Indoor Football League in 2014.
The Arrows play in the OLA Junior A Lacrosse League.
Currently sections which belong to CSKA Sofia are football, basketball, volleyball, tennis, wrestling, athletics, ice hockey, chess, gymnastics, handball, taekwondo, boxing, cycling, weightlifting and judo.
The team was the first Canadian franchise in the AUDL.
The Utah Jynx is a team of the Women's Football Alliance that began play in 2011 and joined the WFA in 2012.
Their home field is Escambia High School in West Pensacola.
The Hammers play their home games at the Von Braun Center.
The men's soccer team played 19 seasons in Division III, back then the Swedish third division, between 1943–1983.
The Champaign Swarm are a professional minor league basketball team that plays in the Midwest Professional Basketball Association.
Graceland competes in the National Association of Intercollegiate Athletics as a member of the Heart of America Athletic Conference.
The team planned to move to Veterans Memorial Arena for the 2008-2009 season, but it did not survive its transition into the PBL.
The inaugural head coach was George Tarkanian, son of famed coach Jerry Tarkanian.
The Blue Devils compete in the NCAA Division III and are members of the State University of New York Athletic Conference.
The Lobsters played only one season before being contracted after the 1974 season, because the team was unable to meet its financial obligations to the league.
Two Canadian university records in swimming, three participations championship soccer and several participations championship golf.
The club changed its name to Kuzbass in 1971.
Since those early years, the Raiders have won 10 State Championship titles including 5 straight Championships from 1987 to 1991 inclusive.
The Vultures folded and took down their website later that week.
The team was slated to join the Great Lakes Indoor Football League as an expansion team in 2007.
The men's bandy team played in the Swedish top division in 1941.
The Calgary Mountaineers are a box lacrosse organization based in Calgary, Alberta, Canada.
The Aggies competed in the Big 12 until joining the Southeastern Conference on July 1, 2012.
The Rhode Island Rams are the athletic programs of the University of Rhode Island, based in Kingston, Rhode Island, United States.
The basketball team of AEK was the first Greek team to win a European title in 1968.
The Gallup Talons are an American Basketball Association team based in Gallup, New Mexico.
The men's bandy team played in the Swedish top division in 1934.
Lawrence University is a liberal arts college and conservatory of music in Appleton, Wisconsin.
The university is a member of the Northern Sun Intercollegiate Conference for the majority of sports and in the Great Northwest Athletic Conference for men's soccer.
The men's bandy team played in the Swedish top division during the seasons of 1967–1968, 1972–1973 and 1974–1975.
The club managed to compete at national level in the disputed Yugoslav Second League.
The team colors are red and black.
The wrestling team remains in the Southern Conference because the Sun Belt does not sponsor the sport.
The next building was at High School Road and Montgomery Avenue in Elkins Park.
The Port City Sharks is a member of the professional minor-league Continental Basketball League based in Savannah, Georgia which began play in 2011.
Edwardstown FC has produced a number of Australian Football League players including Hamish Hartlett, Danyle Pearce, Jordan Russell, Adam Hartlett and Caleb Daniel
Home games for football are held at Providence Park, and home games for basketball are held on-campus at the Peter W. Stott Center.
The club ran bandy, ice hockey, soccer and track and field athletics.
The program's mascot is a cowboy named Pistol Pete.
The fight song is Go, You Redbirds.
Hughes Stadium will be replaced for the 2017 season by the new Colorado State Stadium, whose playing field will also bear Lubick's name.
The Los Angeles Anacondas were an International Fight League team based in Los Angeles, California.
The club has a training school for kids, in which there are about 400 pupils.
The Nanooks compete at the NCAA Division II level for all sports except men's ice hockey.
Colin Batch was assistant coach of the Kookaburras Australia men's national field hockey team at that time.
They are members of the Independent Women's Football League.
Under the terms of this contract, Vick would be required to donate $100,000 to a local animal shelter.
Their only loss that year was in the regular season to the Cleveland Fusion by a score of 14–3.
HPU's men's basketball coach is Scott Cherry, who was a member of the University of North Carolina Tar Heels' 1993 NCAA Championship team.
The Steel City Menace were a professional indoor football team and a member of American Indoor Football that played part of the 2016 season.
The second was created in 2000, as the New York Hamptons, later renamed the New York Sportimes.
The club has departments in several sports.
The club advanced to 15 final matches and won a record 11 titles.
They are the only team in North Carolina, public or private, to win an NCAA national championship in football.
The women's soccer team played in the Swedish top division in 1978.
The club is usually called Borlänge Bandy, while the full legal name is Ideella föreningen Borlänge-Stora Tuna Bandyklubb med firma Borlänge-Stora Tuna BK.
The Toros compete as members of the California Collegiate Athletic Association for all 9 varsity sports.
The Nebraska Cornhuskers is the name given to the intercollegiate athletic teams of the University of Nebraska–Lincoln.
The league still plans to field a team in the Greenville market in the future.
Bowdoin Ruggers have been selected to represent the New England Rugby Union, the Northeast Rugby Union as well as the All-American Rugby Team.
They played most of their games at the Melbourne Sports and Aquatic Centre, with a few games at the Hawthorn Aquatic and Leisure centre.
The Steelhawks began play as an expansion team in the Indoor Football League in 2011.
There are arenas for men's and women's basketball as well as ice hockey.
The teams participate in Division I of the National Collegiate Athletic Association as one of only two private school members of the Big 12 Conference.
Its athletics programs participate in the NCAA's Division I, as members of the Big West Conference and the Mountain Pacific Sports Federation.
The team plays throughout North America between the United States and Canada.
The Warriors were under the ownership of Eddie Brightwell with both Bobby Jackson and Bobby Luna serving as player-coaches.
Prior to the 2012-13 academic year, the Cougars competed in the Golden State Athletic Conference as part of the NAIA.
Though the team may be considered to be a continuation of the Florida Pit Bulls/Miami Majesty, ownership considers the team to be an expansion franchise.
The Cologne Crocodiles are an American football team from Cologne, Germany.
Wells forfeited his ownership of the team, causing the Mariners to fold after the 2010 season.
They play in the CIS League, which encompasses university teams from across Canada, and play within the Atlantic University Sport conference.
The Las Vegas Showgirlz are a team of the Women's Football Alliance.
The IFK Nässjö women's bandy team won the Swedish national championship in 2009, and lost the national final in 2008 and 2010.
The team expanded to lacrosse and played as the Adanacs until 1951.
The Bearcats play in the NCAA Division II.
He highlighted in particular the team's group stage 64–119 loss to Team England as a competitive performance.
The Railers did not come back for the 2009-2010 season and are regarded as defunct.
The team mascot was Maniac until 2014, when a new mascot, Scorch, was introduced along with the unveiling of the new football stadium.
Moama joined the Murray Football League in 1997.
The team was founded in 2010, an expansion member of the IFL.
More recently, the county acquired national attention during the 2000 presidential election, when a controversial recount occurred.
During their tenure in the WSFL, the VBW won two Southwest Division titles: taking the first one in 2011 and the second in 2013.
Women's sports include volleyball, tennis, soccer, and softball.
However, the Apprentice School is a full member of the United States Collegiate Athletic Association.
Byrd's hometown of Crisfield was famous for the number of terrapins along its shores.
The club's greatest success came in 2007, when it reached the German Bowl but lost to the Braunschweig Lions.
The PrimeTime Players are a semi-professional basketball team based in Rock Hill, South Carolina.
The Roadrunners began the transition process in 2006 and became a full Division I member in July 2010.
Calling the Quad Cities home, the Raiders play their home games at the Austin E. Knowlton Outdoor Athletic Complex on the campus of Augustana College.
At that time the junior team's average age was under 16.
New Haven played in the American Conference of the Northeast Division.
The Rhein-Neckar Bandits are an American football team from Mannheim, Germany.
U of L currently fields 13 women's teams and 10 men's teams.
Home games are played on the campus of East Ridge High School in nearby Clermont.
The team enjoyed little success and in 2009 for marketing purposes changed their name back to the Albany FireBirds before disbanding in 2010.
They were one of only three teams to ever win a WBL championship.
The team was to play its home games at the Veterans Memorial Fieldhouse.
The Broncos have 65 CCAA championships and 14 NCAA National Championships.
The Northmen play in the OLA Junior A Lacrosse League.
While the bandy team thrived, the football club struggled and was ultimately dissolved in the 1980s.
The Sandy Bay Football Club was an Australian rules football club based in Sandy Bay, Tasmania.
After the First World War, Clarendon reformed and joined the Mid-Southern Football Association.
The team began play in 2014 as an expansion team.
Houston Baptist Huskies, also known as Houston Baptist, HBU or Huskies, refers to the sports teams of Houston Baptist University.
The team was sold by its original owner in September 2008 to Allegiance Pro Sports, Inc.
The club was established in 1923 as part of sports society "JUG".
Kuhn later became the first German born player to score an NFL touchdown.
Pellicani Bocconi Lacrosse is an Italian lacrosse team founded in Milan, Italy in 2009.
The Commandos then left the UIFL after winning Ultimate Bowl II and re-joined the CIFL, but never took the field after its announcement.
The San Francisco Dons is the nickname of the athletic teams at the University of San Francisco.
The Mat-Su Miners are a college summer baseball club in the Alaska Baseball League.
G2's LoL team won the 2016 Spring, the 2016 Summer, and the 2017 Spring EU LCS.
Their fiercest in-state rivals are Charleston Southern, College of Charleston, and Winthrop.
The team was founded for the 2013 season, where they went undefeated 18-0 for the season and won the AUDL Championships.
They also had the largest market in the AFL.
The club runs handball, ice hockey and soccer, earlier even bandy.
Baykal-Energiya is a bandy club from Irkutsk, Russia.
The team joined the AFL in 1996 as the expansion Texas Terror.
The Cornhuskers have two official mascots, Herbie Husker and Lil' Red.
The Columbus Comets are a women's professional American football team based in Columbus, Ohio.
The field hockey program had previously announced that it would join the original Big East for the 2013–14 school year.
From 1893 to 1919 the athletic teams of Tulane were officially known as "The Olive and Blue," for the official school colors.
Dynamo-Kazan 1958–2008) is a professional bandy club from Kazan, Russia, established in 1958 and playing in the Russian Bandy League since 1996.
The Wichita State Shockers are the athletic teams that represent Wichita State University.
It competes in the South Australian Grade Cricket League, which is administered by the South Australian Cricket Association.
The home of the club is the Dais gymnasium in Marousi.
The Tarleton State Texans and TexAnns are the athletic teams that represent Tarleton State University of Stephenville, Texas in NCAA Division II intercollegiate sports.
On their web show, the Dayton Silverbacks announced the River Monsters would be joining the CIFL, moving to Muncie, and retaining the River Monsters name.
Lafayette's primary rival in every sport is the Lehigh Mountain Hawks of nearby Lehigh University.
The American Basketball Association is an American semi-professional men's basketball minor league that was founded in 1999.
The Bahama All-Pro Show were a basketball team representing The Bahamas, and playing their home games in Miami, Florida, U.S.
The Shooters began the 1992–1993 season with three straight losses before disbanding in midseason.
The Whitby Warriors are a Junior "A" box lacrosse team from Whitby, Ontario, Canada.
They are based in Fort Wayne, Indiana and play their home games at the Dave S. Walter Memorial Stadium.
Willunga left SAFA to become a foundation member of the Southern Football Association in 1886.
After leaving the Southern Conference, the Generals moved into Division III and joined the College Athletic Conference in 1962.
In 2011, Furious George was inducted into the Canadian Ultimate Hall of Fame.
There are also plans for a new basketball arena.
The Warbirds are gearing up for the 2011 season through fundraisers and tryouts in Sept.
The North Launceston Football Club, nicknamed The Bombers, is an Australian rules football club based in Launceston, Tasmania.
In 1981, IF Saab merged with BK Derby to form Linköpings FF.
The High Point Panthers are the 16 varsity athletic teams that represent High Point University in North Carolina, United States.
The Dominic Old Scholars Association Football Club is an Australian Rules Football team currently based in Hobart Tasmania.
On February 4, they won their 94th consecutive game.
The regular season spans from April to July.
Liberty will initially participate as an FBS independent.
The Force was the first arena/indoor football team based in Greenville since the af2's Carolina Rhinos folded following the 2002 season.
The team began play in the fall of 2004 based in Fort Worth.
They are in their 39th season in Elitserien.
Georgia Tech was one of the 14 schools that split to found the Southern Conference in 1921.
Management announced that it would not field a team in 2008 but had hopes of returning in 2009.
The Bulldogs play in the OLA Junior B Lacrosse League.
Lefroy Football Club were an Australian rules football club which competed in the Tasmanian Football League.
Fortunately, the Warriors started the 2006 with three road games, giving Archer and Williams time to get a home venue in order.
The GNAC admitted SFU one year earlier than planned as a full conference member in time for the 2010–11 season.
The Rush are expected to compete for talent and fans with Sacramento's other women's football team, the Sacramento Sirens of the Independent Women's Football League.
The franchise has four AFL championships, all while it was based in Detroit.
The Dodge City Law were a professional indoor football team based in Dodge City, Kansas.
The Cal State San Bernardino Coyotes are the men's and women's intercollegiate athletic squads of California State University, San Bernardino.
The team had announced that it would be joining the Xtreme Indoor Football League for the 2014, but later re-signed with the CIFL.
The club played bandy, association football and athletics already from the start.
The Kansas City Command were a professional arena football team that played in the Arena Football League.
Since 2005 the Fever have played their home games only at the Toyota Center in Kennewick, Washington.
Skara HF is a handball club in Skara, Sweden, established on 8 April 1993 when Hangelösa HF and Stenums IF merged their handball sections.
The Bulldogs are currently in NCAA Division I reclassification process and compete at the Division I level as a member of the Northeast Conference.
The San Jose State Spartans are the athletic teams that represent San José State University.
Prior to 1978, the university was called Morris Harvey College.
It has employed professionals including George Headley, Clive Lloyd and Dennis Lillee.
The team played its only season in the National Basketball League of Canada in the 2012-2013 season, in place of the Laval Kebs.
CenTex then faced Corpus Christi in the semifinal once again, and lost.
The team was founded in 1934 and has played in the top division of Soviet and Russian bandy championships since 1959.
Based in Omaha, Nebraska, the Stampede plays its home games at Rams Field on the campus of Ralston High School in nearby Ralston.
The Varsity Blues traces its founding to 1877, with the formation of the men's football team.
The Cowboys have played 35 out of a possible 38 seasons at the highest level of the game in Germany, the Adler one less, 34.
They finished in 3rd place with a 4-6 record.
They have a men's team and a women's team and are based in Brisbane.
In 2008, the team joined United Indoor Football.
The Binghamton Bearcats are an NCAA Division I athletics program at Binghamton University.
The home ground is at Heathdale Christian College, near Kurunjang.
Before joining the WFA, the Showgirlz played two seasons in the Women's Professional Football League and one in the Independent Women's Football League.
They are a member of the Intense Conference of the Indoor Football League.
The team has also won the LEN Champions League in 2014.
They played their home games at McMorran Arena in Port Huron, Michigan.
They played their home games at Germain Arena.
They were members of the Arena Football League from 1992 to 1996.
The Las Vegas Stars was a professional basketball team in the International Basketball League.
The team colors were blue and gold and games were played in the Met Center in Bloomington, Minnesota.
The Indianapolis Diesels, formerly known as the Indiana Diesels, are a team in the Premier Basketball League who is based in Indianapolis, Indiana.
The Tucson Monsoon is a football team in the Independent Women's Football League based in Tucson, Arizona.
For 2010, Lesh hired Jim Condill as the head coach of the Buffalo Stampede.
On November 17, 2011, a new franchise was announced Cape Fear Heroes that began play in the 2012 season of part of a new AIF.
It was chosen in 1923 as tribute to the school's agricultural history, making its first appearance in 1929.
The Hunter Hurricanes Water Polo Club is an Australian club water polo team that competes in the National Water Polo League.
Rari Nantes Arenzano is an Italian water polo club based in Arenzano, Liguria.
Hammarby IF Bandy is a Swedish Bandy club from Södermalm, Stockholm, a section of the sports club Hammarby IF.
Notable sports figures in Ohio State history may be inducted into the Ohio State Varsity O Hall of Fame.
The university fields 16 varsity teams, 14 of which compete in the Southeastern Conference.
At the end of the 2014 season, the team decided to disband.
The Energy are the second Canadian team in the International Basketball League, as Vancouver, British Columbia also has a team called the BC Titans.
The group is also the official team of the University to Skecher's Streetdance Competition.
The Bryant Bulldogs are the athletic teams representing Bryant University in Smithfield, Rhode Island.
California won back-to-back Northeast Regional Championships in 2007 and 2008.
The Owen Sound North Stars are Junior "B" box lacrosse team from Owen Sound, Ontario, Canada.
The Sting folded just before the 2013 season began.
The Eastern Mennonite Royals are the athletic teams that represent Eastern Mennonite University, located in Harrisonburg, Virginia, in NCAA Division III intercollegiate sports.
It is best known for its women's team, which has won eight national championships since 2001.
The UHV Jaguars are the athletic teams of the University of Houston–Victoria.
To date the Badgers have won 31 National Championships and 67 Ontario Championships, and are members of the OUA, CIS, CUFLA, CURC, and OUBHL.
Evansville's mascot is Ace Purple, and the school colors are purple, white and orange.
On November 21, Houston Baptist accepted an invitation to join the Southland Conference joining July 1, 2013.
The Lumberjacks/Ladyjacks are members of the Southland Conference and the football team competes in the NCAA Division I Football Championship Subdivision.
They were based in Aurora, Colorado and played only one season in 2006.
The Radford Highlanders are composed of 15 teams representing Radford University in intercollegiate athletics, including men and women's basketball, cross country, golf, soccer, and tennis.
Prior to the 1994–95 school year, the university's nickname was the St. John's Redmen, which referenced the red uniforms worn by its teams in competition.
The men's basketball team is the school's most famous and most successful program, but Hoyas have achieved success in a wide range of sports.
TWST is led by Head Coach Tim Bauer and Head Age Group Coach Shana Trabona.
The Minot State Beavers are the intercollegiate athletic teams of Minot State University, located in Minot, North Dakota.
The club was formed as Oxford Quidditch in 2011, and adopted its current name in 2013.
Klub Sportowy Górnik Radlin is a Polish sports club based in Radlin.
The East Launceston Football Club was an Australian rules football club based in Launceston, Tasmania, Australia.
The Georgia Gwizzlies are a basketball team that currently plays in the American Basketball Association.
In January 2010, the team announced they would suspend play for the 2010 season, but potentially return for the 2011 season.
The club first played in the Riddell District Football League in 1978, and lost their first game to Broadford by 260 points.
Later on the same year the club decided to represent its name in different sports and started participating in different domestic competition and tournaments.
The Concordia Golden Bears are the athletic teams that represent Concordia University, located in St. Paul, Minnesota, in NCAA Division II intercollegiate sports.
The 1945 Oklahoma A&M football team was retroactively awarded a national title in October 2016 by the American Football Coaches Association.
The university competed in the Heartland Conference from 1999–2010, of which, Lincoln is a founding conference member.
The American Basketball Association is an American semi-professional men's basketball minor league that was founded in 1999.
The Quad City Raiders are a member of the MidStates Football League and have reached the league playoff semifinals in each of the teams two seasons.
The Stars were one of the league's initial eight teams.
They were a 2001 expansion team of the af2.
UTSA joined the Western Athletic Conference on July 1, 2012.
They debuted in the American Basketball Association in 2009-10.
The Thunderbolts were founded in 1991 and were a member of the Arena Football League, as the Columbus Thunderbolts and were based in Columbus, Ohio.
Club Natació Barcelona is a Catalan swimming and water polo club from Barcelona established in 1907, which makes it the dean of both sports in Spain.
The most successful department is the women's volleyball team that plays in A1 Ethniki.
It is based in Frillesås in Kungsbacka Municipality but plays its homegames on a bandy field in Varberg Municipality.
TV Langen, which is nicknamed Die Giraffen is a cooperation team of the Frankfurt Skyliners and especially known for developing young basketball talents.
Traditions were developed and passed down from class to class by upper classmen.
The Northern Indiana Monarchs are a franchise of the American Basketball Association based in South Bend, Indiana.
The Athletic Nautical Club of Glyfada , or "ANOG" was founded by 20 local sportsmen in 1946 and is located Glyfada.
GoIF Fram is a sports club in Jönköping, Sweden, established in 1921.
Based in San Jose, California, they played from 2005 to 2006. Notable players included Brittany Jackson, Julie McBride, Lindsey Yamasaki, and Natalie Nakase.
Under this name, the Lions became the most successful American football club in Germany, winning seven German Bowls as well as two Eurobowls.
As the San Jose Wolves, the team played its home games at the Cow Palace, located in Daly City.
They played their home games at the Pensacola Civic Center.
The Wheeling Wildcats were a professional indoor football team located in Wheeling, West Virginia.
The Tacoma Thunder were an International Basketball League team based in Tacoma, Washington.
The term may be used to refer to the cities of western Riverside County and southwestern San Bernardino County.
It is the red fox from which Marist's school colors of red and white are derived.
The Copenhagen Towers are an American football team from Gentofte, Denmark.
The Impact is based in Dallas, Texas.
The RazorSharks were founded in 2005 as a member of the American Basketball Association.
Cleveland State has a number of club sports as well.
The Franken Knights are an American football team from Rothenburg ob der Tauber, Germany.
The "horned frog" nickname and mascot refer to the Texas horned lizard, also known as the "horned frog".
They played their home games at Canton Memorial Civic Center.
The club is based in the town of Mulwala located in the Riverina district of New South Wales.
The San Francisco Legacy was the last original franchise of the National Women's Basketball League.
There were 4 draws and 7 losses which made the club to sit on 7th position at the end of the season.
In their first year, the AlleyCats competed in the league championship, losing to the Philadelphia Spinners.
The New York Sportimes were a professional tennis team competing in World TeamTennis.
The Rutgers Scarlet Knights are the athletic teams that represent Rutgers University's New Brunswick campus.
This team replaces the failed Dallas Generals franchise which competed briefly in the 2009-2010 season.
The Loyola Ramblers are the varsity sports teams of Loyola University Chicago.
The Harrisburg Stampede was a professional indoor football team based in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania.
The Lake Superior State Lakers are the athletic teams that represent the Lake Superior State University, located in Sault Ste.
Grambling's sports teams participate in Division I as a member of the Southwestern Athletic Conference.
Tasmania born sports journalist and author Martin Flanagan played for the Tasmanian University Football Club.
The Tropics were the only team in the SFL that played in an NFL market at the time.
The Valparaiso football team remains in the Pioneer Football League, and the bowling team remains in the Southland Bowling League.
It is the mother club of Erik Edman and Zlatan Muslimović.
TWST swimmers competing at a national level include: Michael McBroom Kelsey Amundsen and Gray Umbach.
The Los Angeles Amazons are a women's semi-professional American football team based in Los Angeles, California.
The Eugene Chargers were a team in the International Basketball League based in Eugene, Oregon.
The song is the rousing "call to arms" for all Texas State athletic games and competition.
BYU fields 21 National Collegiate Athletic Association varsity athletic teams.
Rice participates in NCAA Division I athletics.
The Huntsville Hawks are Junior "C" box lacrosse team from Huntsville, Ontario, Canada.
The Texas Southern Tigers represent Texas Southern University in Houston, Texas in intercollegiate athletics.
The team was founded in 2013 and played until the league suspended operations in 2016.
They joined the Indoor Football League during the UIF and Intense Football League merger of 2009.
The club is part of the sports society JSD Partizan.
In 1993, led by coach Marsha Sharp, the Lady Raiders basketball team won the NCAA Women's Basketball Championship.
The team was owned by ten year women's football veteran Carley Pesente, who is also a ranked professional boxer.
The club was founded on 11 October 1940 and currently only runs a women's bandy team.
The Detroit Demolition was a women's American football team based in the Detroit, Michigan area.
Southeastern University has won NCCAA Division II championships in all four men's sports and a NCCAA Division I championship in men's golf.
The Sterling Warriors are the athletic teams that represent Sterling College in Sterling, Kansas.
The Hammer is based in Huntington, West Virginia, with home games played at the Big Sandy Superstore Arena.
The club is known as the 'Swans'.
The Colorado Cougars are a team of the American Basketball Association which began play in the 2010-11 season.
Originally, the team was called the Laredo Rattlers, however, the Arena Football League issued a cease-and-desist letter to the team because of the existing Arizona Rattlers.
Altogether, Mary Washington sponsors 20 sports: 9 for men and 11 for women.
“Idrottsförening” means “Sports Club” or “Sports Association”.
SoGK Charlo is a sports club in Svarte, Sweden, established in 1938.
A sniper must be highly trained in long range rifle marksmanship and field craft skills to ensure maximum effective engagements with minimum risk.
After the German reunification the systematic doping of Dynamo athletes from 1971 until 1989 was revealed in German media reports.
The Reign play at Everett Memorial Stadium.
In the 2015 League of Legends World Championship the Tigers placed second in their preliminary group before beating KT Rolster and Fnatic in the bracket stage.
The Owner of the Pythons was Michael Duran.
The Wildcats are named to honor a team which played in the Women's American Football League for the 2001 season, finishing 0-7 before shutting down.
They changed their name to the "Chicago Pythons" four weeks into the season.
Hälleforsnäs IF is a sports club in Hälleforsnäs, Sweden.
On 19 March 2016, the club won its 20th Swedish national championship title by defeating Villa Lidköping BK, 5-2, in the final game.
The Rider Broncs are the athletic teams of Rider University, a private nonsectarian university in Lawrenceville, New Jersey, United States.
The Red Foxes make up 23 varsity teams.
The team has sent twenty-five swimmers to the Olympic trials, holds numerous TAGS records, and has won 39 of 50 TAGS state championships since 1973.
Panther teams have won five NCAA national championships in three sports.
They are one of the most popular Greek clubs with million of fans all over Greece and the Greek diaspora.
The Società Sportiva Metanopoli is an Italian athletics club based in San Donato Milanese formed in 1953.
Famous former athletes from Kutztown include football stars Andre Reed, John Mobley, Bruce Harper and Doug Dennison and baseball standout Ryan Vogelsong.
The name Panellinios can be translated as Pan-Hellenic in English, and can be interpreted to mean the Greek Nation.
The North Alabama Lions are the athletic teams of the University of North Alabama, located in Florence, Alabama.
The university's athletic director is Kent Weiser.
After years of dominance in the Czech League, the Black Panthers currently compete as members of the Austrian Football League.
It became the sole logo for all NC State athletic teams in 2000 and was modernized to its current design in 2006.
Men's golf is a single-sport member of the Mid-Eastern Athletic Conference and women's golf competes as an independent.
The Cardinals compete in NCAA Division I and are members of the Southland Conference.
Point also formerly competed in Division I of the National Christian Collegiate Athletic Association.
Today the Ore Mountain Club has 12 woodcarving and 30 bobbin lacemaking groups.
The team played in the Professional Indoor Football League from 2012 to 2015.
It is a member of the Old Scholars Football Association.
The Cardinals compete as members of the Mountain East Conference for all 21 varsity sports.
The Islanders compete in the NCAA Division I and are members of the Southland Conference.
The Tampa Bay Area is home to many sports teams and has a substantial history of sporting activity.
Centre Natació Mataró, also known is a Catalan sports club from Mataró, Barcelona created in 1932.
The Bruin men's and women's teams participate in NCAA Division I as part of the Pac-12 Conference and the Mountain Pacific Sports Federation.
The Knights were formerly coached by Derek Stingley, who was a Defensive Specialist with the Albany Firebirds in the original Arena Football League.
The Upper Iowa Peacocks are the athletic teams that represent Upper Iowa University, located in Fayette, Iowa, in NCAA Division II intercollegiate sports.
He is the current owner of the Cincinnati Sizzle.
The Cougars compete in NCAA Division I and are currently members of the Colonial Athletic Association.
The club has bandy and track and field athletics sections, earlier also soccer.
Jace Hall is the team's co-owner and manager.
In previous years, the Basketball club had low numbers and the association and club folded.
Fresno State currently sponsors nine men's and thirteen women's sports at the varsity level.
Several teams called the Iowa Barnstormers have played in different indoor football leagues since 1995.
The Diesels played their home games at Emmerich Manual High School south of downtown Indianapolis.
They are named after the Zydeco, a local Creole dance in Acadiana.
The club, a founding member of the American Football Bundesliga, was also the winner of the first two editions of the German Bowl.
The Longhorn nickname appeared in Texas newspapers by 1900.
The Hildesheim Invaders are an American football team from Hildesheim, Germany.
Candelária Sport Clube is a Rink Hockey team from Candelária, Azores, Portugal.
IF Vesta is a sports club in Uppsala, Sweden, established on 8 June 1911.
The Tijuana Zonkeys are a professional basketball team of the Circuito de Baloncesto de la Costa del Pacífico.
The San Diego Siege was a women's professional basketball team in the now defunct National Women's Basketball League.
Even in 2017, the women's team won the Swedish national bandy championship, defeating Västerås SK, 4-1, in the final-game.
The Prowlers competed in the AF2, as a member of the league's American Conference Atlantic Division.
NIU began athletic competition in 1899 and were nicknamed the Profs.
In 2015, the management of the team was transferred from Saadia Ashraf to Football Féminin Blitz de Montréal, a non-profit created to run the team.
Men's soccer will be added in the following season, bringing the total to 16 sports.
The Tongala Football Club was formed in 1894 in a meeting at Mangan's Victoria Hotel, Tongala, with games played at Tongala Recreation Reserve.
The Kansas Jayhawks, commonly referred to as KU or Kansas, are the athletic teams that represent the University of Kansas.
In 1978 Brighton Tigers FC joined the Glenelg South Football Association and the following year was renamed to Flagstaff Hill Football Club.
The Tropics Head Coach was Jim Jensen, who played for the Miami Dolphins.
The USA All-Stars is a developmental basketball team in the International Basketball League.
The Dream play at the Holland Civic Center, former home of Hope College, who moved into the new DeVos Fieldhouse.
The Valdosta State Blazers are the athletic programs of Valdosta State University in Valdosta, Georgia.
It competes in the South Australian Grade Cricket League, which is administered by the South Australian Cricket Association.
The teams colors were purple, green, and gold.
Most of the West Division collapsed leaving the Stars regionally isolated and forced to schedule games against many local semi-professional teams.
The Columbus Lions are a professional indoor football team based in Columbus, Georgia and a founding member of the National Arena League for the 2017 season.
The Miami Fury is a football team in the Women's Football Alliance.
The Ottawa Braves are the athletic teams that represent Ottawa University in Ottawa, Kansas.
The Yellow Jackets left the SEC in 1964 and remained independent until becoming a founding member of the Metro-6 Conference in 1975.
The university sponsors 36 varsity sports, as well as numerous intramural and club teams.
After completing three-quarters of their 2009 schedule, their season ended abruptly.
It was established in 2011 by former semi-pro basketball player Ashley D. Robinson and his wife, Erica.
They folded after the 2001 season after years of weak attendance and poor performance.
The men's swimming and diving team competes in the Western Athletic Conference, and the wrestling team competes in the Big 12 Conference.
Little Rock has Sun Belt rivalries with all the West Division schools.
The Utah Blaze were a professional arena football team based in Salt Lake City, Utah and competed in the West Division of the Arena Football League.
Each season the Slam's roster features several players who played collegiately in the Great Northwest Athletic Conference.
Sul Ross State University offers certificate programs and associate, bachelor's, and master's degrees.
The University of Arkansas currently fields 19 total varsity teams in 13 sports.
The Fever won one division title and three conference championships.
The club was preceded by the Istanbul Kız Futbol Takımı, which was formed by 13 women with the personal initiative of Haluk Hekimoğlu in 1971.
The Macon Knights were a professional arena football team, playing in the af2 league.
They were a 2002 expansion member of the af2 and played their home games at Rabobank Arena.
The Inland Empire is a metropolitan area and region in Southern California.
Their current coach is Torin Baker, who replaced Steve Kretiuk at the end of the 2012 season.
The Norfolk Nighthawks are a now-defunct charter member of the AF2.
The teams have also been nicknamed the Ramblin' Wreck, Engineers, Blacksmiths and Golden Tornado.
In 1925, a campus-wide contest had been conducted to choose a nickname for the university's athletic teams.
The Central Michigan Chippewas are the athletic teams that represent Central Michigan University.
The club is part of the SD Crvena Zvezda.
The contest marked the only time an NFL squad played a Continental League team, and the last time an NFL team has played a minor-league club.
Their mascot is a Spartan warrior named Sparty, and the school colors are green and white.
Their League of Legends team first formed after the draft of Taiwan eSports League Draft Season.
LU is a member of the Big South Conference for most sports.
The Findlay Oilers are the athletic teams that represent the University of Findlay, located in Findlay, Ohio, in NCAA Division II intercollegiate sporting competitions.
The Tabor Bluejays are the athletic teams that represent Tabor College in Hillsboro, Kansas.
The club has played fifty seasons in the Elitserien and has won the Swedish national championship in 1951 and 1956.
Men's water polo competes in the Western Water Polo Association and women's water polo competes in the Golden Coast Conference.
Manhattanville students come from 76 countries and 48 states.".
The Michigan Stars were a professional hockey team based in Kalkaska, Michigan.
The Kentucky Horsemen were an indoor football team based in Lexington, Kentucky.
The college belongs to the National Collegiate Athletic Association and participates in Division III sports.
Origin placed second in the 2015 Summer EU LCS, qualifying for the 2015 League of Legends World Championship where they ultimately finished 3-4th.
In front of 10,213 attendees at Multnomah Stadium Seattle beat Portland, 21–13.
The Blitz are members of the American Arena League.
In 2011, Galatasaray Men's Water Polo Team won Turkish Water Polo Championship Cup.
The program will add its 21st sport, men's golf, in 2016.
The Prairie View A&M Panthers and Lady Panthers represent Prairie View A&M University in Prairie View, Texas in intercollegiate athletics.
The Kentucky Bisons were a basketball team in the American Basketball Association which began play in 2008-09, play in the South Central division.
The Neosho County Panthers are the sports teams of Neosho County Community College located in Chanute, Kansas, United States.
Since 2009 they have played in the newly formed Tasmanian State League.
The club was founded in 2002 by Ruben Toft Sindal, Morten Teglsbo and Peter Hansen.
The "blue" was part of an attempt to distinguish the university's players from those of its now-defunct high school DePaul Academy.
The Sunshine Coast Spartans are a gridiron football club competing in the Gridiron Queensland league.
The team played for 4 seasons, and were relatively successful, making the playoffs 3 out of 4 seasons.
The Eagles compete as members of the Old Dominion Athletic Conference.
His former college coach at UCLA, the legendary John Wooden, agreed to join the Stars as a consultant at Wilkes' request.
The Steam joined X-League Indoor Football in 2013, as the Pennsylvania Steam based in Reading, Pennsylvania.
It is the only NCAA school to have four official school colors.
From 1999 to 2000, they were the Lincoln Lightning of the Indoor Football League before the IFL was bought out.
The Buffalo Bulls field 20 men's and women's athletic teams in sports.
The women's team even won the 1993–1994 Swedish national championship.
The Princeton Tigers are the athletic teams of Princeton University.
The Boise Burn was an arena football team based in Boise, Idaho.
The team name was announced on April 2, 2008 and the Titans started play in 2009.
The club became defunct in 1998 but was reformed in 2007.
The team started off 10-0, losing its eleventh game to the Southern California Legends.
The school has been fully coeducational since March 1979, and was renamed to its current name in 1986.
The Paladins compete in NCAA Division I and are currently members of the Southern Conference.
Based in Dayton, Ohio, home games are played on the campus of Northmont High School in nearby Clayton.
The team management consisted of Gerard Wilson and Robert Moore.
SLU is heavily rumored to be joining the Big East Conference, which would include more geographically relevant rivals like Creighton, Marquette, and DePaul.
Based in Salt Lake City, Utah, the Blitz plays its home games at Taylorsville High School in Taylorsville.
Team Wales represents Wales in men's international roller derby.
They remained in the ABA until 2007, leaving the league to become founding members of the PBL.
The current season schedule, roster, coaching staff, ownership, and game recaps can be found on the Chicago Force Football website: www.chicagoforcefootball.com
Kent State also has had high national finishes from the men's indoor and outdoor track and field teams, women's gymnastics, and wrestling.
SK Tirfing is a sports club in Harnäs in Sweden.
Warner Pacific, a Christian college affiliated with the conservative Church of God, withdrew availability of their facilities.
The San Angelo Bandits were a professional indoor football team based in San Angelo, Texas.
Nova Southeastern was originally an NAIA from 1982 until 2002, where they moved into the NCAA and the Sunshine State Conference.
The Alberta Pandas are the women's athletic teams that represent the University of Alberta in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada.
In their inaugural season, the Jynx played as an independent team.
The team was originally known as the Las Vegas Sting, prior to moving to Anaheim in 1996.
The team finished with a 1-7 record in their lone season.
They played their home games at the Comcast Arena at Everett in Everett.
Texas State had no official fight song until 1961, when Paul Yoder was commissioned to compose "Go Bobcats."
The Jacksonville University Dolphins are the athletics team of Jacksonville University in Jacksonville, Florida, United States.
The baseball team is sometimes referred to as the Hustlin' Rebels.
The Heroes are owned by Barbara Spigner.
Most of the region's professional sports franchises use the name "Tampa Bay", which is the name of a body of water, not of any city.
It is a regular in the European Cup.
Other sports compete in the Mountain Pacific Sports Federation and as independents.
In 1966 senior teams were formed and almost instant success was achieved with A-Grade premierships in 1967 and 1968.
The Diamonds remained dormant for 4 seasons and the team's fate was uncertain throughout that period.
Altogether, Emory & Henry sponsors 20 sports: nine for men, nine for women and two co-ed.
The Texas A&M–Commerce Lions are the athletic teams that represent Texas A&M University–Commerce, located in Commerce, Texas, in NCAA Division II intercollegiate sports.
The organization appeared to be attempting to operate independently from a league for the 2016 season playing at the outdoor Curly Hayes Field in Abilene.
The team colors were red, black, and white.
The Florida Flamingos were a charter franchise of World Team Tennis founded by Ted Cohen and Butch Buchholz.
The Deniliquin Football Club, nicknamed the Rams, is an Australian Rules Football club playing in the Murray Football League.
Many athletes of the club managed to accomplish national commendations in various age categories and win the Greek Championship.
As part of their commitment to the Black Widows, each team member on the roster is expected to participate in fundraisers throughout the season.
The Lion's logo features a red lion from the school's logo with the university's colours, red and white.
The club is based in Yiwu, Jinhua, Zhejiang, China.
The Laredo Rattlesnakes were a professional indoor football team in the Lone Star Football League that began play in the 2012 season.
Mayas-USA defeated the Gwinnett Ravia-Rebels 114 to 104 in the 2007 league championship game.
There are CBU Capers varsity teams for men's and women's basketball, men's and women's soccer and women's volleyball.
The county's modern-day boundaries were established in 1963.
DU is a member of the NAIA and the Wolverine-Hoosier Athletic Conference for most sports.
Craig Keilitz became High Point's athletic director in January 2008 after serving as Associate AD at Wake Forest.
It is commonly known as OFI Crete.
The team's nickname is a tribute to the oil industry, which has been the source of Odessa's wealth over the past century.
The athletic programs are named after the colloquial term for people from the state of Ohio and after the state tree, the Ohio Buckeye.
They went back to playing challenge matches until they joined the Great Southern Football League in 1940.
USC's cross-town rival is UCLA, with whom there is fierce athletic and scholastic competition.
The university's colors are maroon and grey.
Norbergs BK is a soccer club in Norberg, Sweden, established in 1914 as Norbergs AIF before changing name in 1985.
All 13 intercollegiate programs are hosted on the university's Dahlonega campus.
In 1952, they captured the President's Cup as Pacific Coast Hockey League champions.
Rodina is a bandy club from Kirov, Russia whose team currently plays in the Russian Bandy Super League.
The second Lobsters team played in Boston for four seasons before folding at the end of the 1978 season.
Since there is no men's volleyball at the Division II level, the men's volleyball team is the only program that plays at the Division I level.
The Darebin Falcons have one Cricket team competing in the Cricket Victoria women's league.
The Wildcats played their home games at WesBanco Arena in Wheeling, West Virginia.
They are primarily members of the Centennial Conference.
The LIU Post Pioneers are the athletic teams that represent the C.W.
The Steel was the second arena/indoor football team to be based in Macon, following the af2's Macon Knights which played from 2001 until 2006.
The Six Nations Rebels are a Canadian Junior "B" box lacrosse team from Hagersville, Ontario on the Six Nations of the Grand River Reserve.
The team was a member of the Continental Basketball Association and played at Roberts Municipal Stadium.
The club was owned by Marty O'Connor and coached by Don Branby.
The Rumble is one of six teams currently competing in SlamBall.
On April 1, 2013, it was announced Western Kentucky would depart the Sun Belt Conference for Conference USA, effective July 1, 2014.
The Memphis Belles were a women's professional tackle football team and members of the Independent Women's Football League.
The football team competes in the Division I Football Bowl Subdivision, formerly I-A, as a result of the transition to the Sun Belt.
It is also active in athletics, diving, karate, petanca, pilota, rugby, sailing and triathlon.
The Baker University Wildcats are the official sports teams of Baker University located in Baldwin City, Kansas.
Immortals is a professional esports team based in the United States that was created on October 7, 2015.
It was only in 1923 that the two clubs agreed to merge, forming Panachaiki Gymnastiki Enosi.
The Village of Mount Morris is at the northeastern entrance to Letchworth State Park, which contains a scenic gorge and triple waterfall on the Genesee River.
The Huskies are a member of the National Collegiate Athletic Association Division I and the Mid-American Conference.
The Baltimore Banners were a charter franchise of World Team Tennis founded in 1974.
Picadero Jockey Club, also known until 1970 as Picadero Damm for sponsorship reasons, was a Spanish multisports club from Barcelona founded in 1952.
The Rage played their home games at The Next Level Sports Facility.
BK Ume-Trixa is a sports club in Umeå, Sweden, established in 1981.
Before 1947, they existed as Bellerive Football Club.
Their League of Legends division was formed in May 2012.
The Louisiana Soul are a semi-professional basketball team playing in the Universal Basketball Association.
They compete in the NCAA Division I as members of the American Athletic Conference.
The Chicago Rush was a professional arena football team based in Rosemont, Illinois.
The Little Rock Trojans are the athletic teams representing the University of Arkansas at Little Rock.
UCLA offers 11 varsity sports programs for men and 14 for women.
Panathinaikos AC Water Polo, founded in 1930, is the water polo department of Panathinaikos A.C., the Athens-based Greek multi-sport club.
During the 2004–05 season, the men's team became silver medalists at the Swedish national men's team championship.
BHSU Rodeo teams are members of the National Intercollegiate Rodeo Association.
They had previously signed Sean Woods The Shooters never returned to league play.
The Steam played their home games at the Martin Luther King, Jr.
The majority of the Falcons teams compete as members of the Mountain West Conference.
They joined the National Women's Football Association in 2002 as the Detroit Danger, winning a national championship.
Hawaii Pacific University's first venture into intercollegiate athletics came with the formation of the men's basketball team.
The Jacksonville Dixie Blues are a women's American football team based in Jacksonville, Florida.
They are set to start their inaugural season in April 2016.
In January 2017, the club again changed its name to Greater Western Victoria Rebels to reflect their expanded recruitment zone.
In addition, though playing in the State Farm Center as the previous two did, the Toros are the first to represent McAllen in their city name.
IFK Strängnäs is a sports club in Strängnäs, Sweden, established in 1899.
The team played their home games at the Carlson Center in Fairbanks.
During summer 2015, UTPA merged with the University of Texas at Brownsville to create the new University of Texas Rio Grande Valley.
The athletes of sport club Levski have won almost 1,000 medals from Olympic Games, World Championships and European Championships.
On July 16, 2015, the Athletics Department unveiled new logos.
During its history, the club have won 26 national championship titles, more than any other teams.
Established on 16 December 1946, the club won the Swedish national women's team championship in 1994 and 1997.
The South Carolina Gamecocks are Clemson's in-state athletic rival.
When the NAIFL decided not to begin operations, Stars management announced that they would join the UIF and would play in 2007.
The Vulcans participate in the NCAA Division II in all sports and the Pennsylvania State Athletic Conference in most sports.
In 2006, games will be played at Marsh Junior High School.
The mascot of the Tar Heels is Rameses, a Dorset Ram.
The Florida Atlantic Owls are the athletics teams of Florida Atlantic University.
The Wolves compete as members of the Great Northwest Athletic Conference.
The Tar Heels are also referred to as North Carolina, UNC, or The Heels.
Ferencvárosi Torna Club is a water polo club from Budapest, Hungary.
Home games are played on the campuses of Rincon High School & Sahauro High School.
The membership committee had notified them on July 12 that "it felt that Georgetown College was not ready to enter the process at this time."
Men’s lacrosse will become Maryville's 21st sport during Spring 2017.
The Towson Tigers, formerly the Towson College Knights, are the athletics teams of Towson University.
It was founded in 1945 and is a member of the Serbian Swimming Association.
West Torrens went on to win the 2 day comp, one day cup and T20 Cup in the 2016-17 season, the first club to do so.
The UQAM Citadins are the athletic teams that represent the Université du Québec à Montréal in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.
The Lynchburg Hornets are the athletic teams that represent Lynchburg College, located in Lynchburg, Virginia, in NCAA Division III intercollegiate sports.
The club is an Indigenous Australian football club, Fitzroy Stars is another, the two clubs play for an annual trophy.
SJSU alumni have won 19 Olympic medals dating back to the first gold medal won by Willie Steele in track and field in the 1948 Olympics.
Karlsborgs Bandyklubb, Karlsborgs BK, is a bandy club in Karlsborg in Kalix Municipality, Sweden.
Penn State's highest finish came in the 1998–1999 standings when the Nittany Lions finished 3rd.
Home games are played at the Walltown Recreation Center
From a petrological point of view, "flint" refers specifically to the form of chert which occurs in chalk or marly limestone.
The team declined in subsequent years, but it still played in the Hungarian First Championship.
The Point Edward Pacers are Junior "B" box lacrosse team from Point Edward, Ontario, Canada.
Their Facebook, Twitter and Instagram pages takes a light-hearted look at games and practice highlights, player’s personal stories, and general human-interest features.
In 2012, Bryant became a full Division I member.
"The Everett Hawks will not be back next year," majority owner Sam Adams said Monday via telephone from the training camp of the NFL's Denver Broncos.
In June 2015, the team's season was abruptly ended when they were suspended by the league.
Home games are played at French Field on the campus of Kent Meridian High School in Kent, Washington.
The Law played their home games at the United Wireless Arena.
They play their home games at the Sovereign Center.
Troy Allen is in his second season as head coach.
It last competed in the 2015 season of the IPTL.
Following their successful 2011 season as an independent team, they were placed at #7 in the WFA preseason rankings by EZ Football Rankings.
The team was captained by Ashwini Ponnappa.
The club entered the SACA competition in season 1997/98 as the result of the amalgamation of the Elizabeth and Salisbury District Cricket Clubs.
The women's soccer team captured the conference crown.
Founded in 2014, the Black Ice play its home games at North Central University in Minneapolis.
The club is based in the town of Barooga located in the Riverina district of New South Wales.
It is based out of the Ronald Blocker Educational Leadership Center in Downtown Orlando.
During the original planning process, the Showboats were a member of the United Basketball League.
This association had frequent name changes dating back to 1889.
The Grand River Gargoyles are an amateur Australian rules football club playing out of Margaret Greene Park in Guelph, Ontario, Canada.
Merrimack has been a member of the NE-10 since 1984.
With the AIFA's presence in the Western United States dwindling, the Cavalry joined the IFL in 2011.
Despite going 9-7 in 2001, Augusta failed to make the playoffs.
The number rose to 15 in the fall of 2017 as the University announced women's golf will begin their first season of competition.
The Flame was Phoenix's first minor league basketball team since the Phoenix Eclipse folded after the 2001-2002 ABA season.
Once a member of the SIAA conference, the school now competes in the Southland Conference.
The Colorado Chill were a professional women's basketball team playing in the National Women's Basketball League from 2004 to 2006.
The Siena Saints are composed of 18 teams representing Siena College in intercollegiate athletics.
The team's logo represents Bruiser, the team mascot.
Olympiacos Water Polo Club is the men's water polo team of the major Greek multi-sport club Olympiacos CFP, based in Piraeus.
However, to reduce confusion with the Vancouver Volcanoes, the Titans changed their name to the BC Titans.
The Bruins athletic program is a member of the Ohio Valley Conference and competes at the NCAA Division I level.
The franchise was established in 2000 as the Tennessee Valley Vipers, a charter member of af2.
The field at Hughes Stadium, named "Sonny Lubick Field" after the Rams' coach, underwent a $15.2 million renovation for the fall 2005 season.
The owners of the Commandos are Dennis Whitman and Paul Napier.
The Rebels also have won six individual national championships: two men's golf, two men's tennis, and two women's track and field.
The Anteaters have won 28 national championships in nine different team sports.
Inaugural season home games were held at The Show Place Arena.
The university's varsity teams compete in the Ontario University Athletics conference of the Canadian Interuniversity Sport.
As of 2016, the three championships is the second most of any active WTT franchise behind the Washington Kastles, who have won six.
Henderson athletic teams compete in NCAA Division II intercollegiate sports and they are members of the Great American Conference for all 12 varsity sports.
The best result at the international level was 4th place at the 2009 European Canoe Polo Championship held in Essen, Netherlands.
The team was originally going to play in the American Basketball Association.
In 1986, a year after the Gateway took on football as its only men's sport, the Sycamores football team joined that conference.
On January 26, 2012, the Charleston Gunners were released from the league due to failure to Adhere League Standards.
The organization has shut operations down until the 2012 season which could become indefinite.
The club is located in Stockholm, Sweden.
The Titans also feature games streaming live at: http://www.sportscanada.tv/.
O’Sullivan Beach were promoted to the SFL Division 1 competition for the first time in 1987, but dropped to Division 2 after two seasons.
The team moved to Delaware in 1996, and changed its name to the Smash.
In the 2009 season, the Mounties finished the regular season first overall in Alberta with a nearly unfettered record of 19-1.
From 1997 to 2008, the team played in twelve consecutive German Bowls.
The New Orleans Thunder was a professional American football team that played during the 1999 season as part of the Regional Football League.
Cal Poly Pomona participates at the NCAA's Division II level in the California Collegiate Athletic Association.
Based in Lakewood, Colorado, the Crossover began play in 2006, and lasted 2 seasons, compiling an overall 18-21 record.
The team was owned by local businessman Terry Emmert.
The Toronto Phantoms were a professional arena football team based in Toronto, Ontario.
A total of 15 Phoenix athletic teams compete in the Horizon League of NCAA Division I.
The Lobos mark the af2's return to the city after the recent failure of the Laredo Law.
The G2 League team competes in the League of Legends Championship Series Europe.
A portion of the proceeds benefited the Susan G. Komen for the Cure foundation for breast cancer research.
The Southwest Minnesota State Mustangs are the athletic teams that represent Southwest Minnesota State University, located in Marshall, Minnesota, in NCAA Division II intercollegiate sports.
In their first year both teams qualified for the 2014 NWPL Finals which were held at the Valley Pool in Brisbane.
The West Virginia Badgers were a professional indoor football team based in Charles Town, West Virginia.
The team wore blue helmets and blue home jerseys with white pants, and white away jerseys with red pants.
Real Grupo de Cultura Covadonga is a multisport club based in Gijón, Spain.
The team never found an owner willing to keep the team in Boston.
Home games for the SmasHers were played at the Colbert County High School football stadium in Muscle Shoals, Alabama.
Since joining Canada West and U Sports in 1999, Spartans teams have captured nine U Sports team championships and 16 Canada West team championships.
Home games are played on the campus of Exeter High School.
The Sting played their home games at The Dow Event Center in Saginaw, Michigan.
The Aces athletic program is a member of the Missouri Valley Conference and competes at the NCAA's Division I level.
The Liberty Belles have since reformed for the 2009 season and have joined the new WFA.
The Tomahawks played in the OLA Junior A Lacrosse League.
Upon his death in 2001, Mr. Dauphinee had left an estate gift to the university of $2.1 million.
It later also adopted basketball, table tennis, soccer, floorball, ice hockey, skiing and volleyball.
In their third season of existence, the team won an IBL championship in 2008 and repeated again as league champions in 2012, 2013 and 2014.
Firenze is currently best known for its women's team, which was finalist of the 2013-14 LEN Trophy.
The nickname "Miner", or a variation of it, is common at mining schools in many states.
However, the Greyhounds failed to reach the same level of success from the NIFL years.
The historical CSKA sport club is still a department of Russian Defense Ministry.
It is known and referred to as "Óquei de Barcelos", "OCB", "OC Barcelos", or just "Barcelos".
Nepal Army Club, previously known as Tribhuvan Army Club, is the departmental Army sporting club of Nepal.
The team played at the Myriad, now known as the Cox Convention Center, in downtown Oklahoma City.
Xaverian currently has over 100 athletes participating in college athletics.
The men's handball team won the Swedish national indoor handball championship in 1936, 1937, 1969, 1970, 1971, 1972 and 1977.
They played their home games in Shreveport, Louisiana.
The Delta Devils and Devilettes compete in NCAA Division I and are members of the Southwestern Athletic Conference.
The team also won a title in the Central European Football League in 2012.
The winter sport for women is basketball.
They finished 3rd in the Superallsvenskan last season.
The Cincinnati Revolution was a professional ultimate disc team, based in Cincinnati, Ohio, which competed in the American Ultimate Disc League.
The Kentucky Wildcats are the men's and women's intercollegiate athletic squads of the University of Kentucky, a founding member of the Southeastern Conference.
The team's first season was in 2005–06 and their home court was the Centre Pierre Charbonneau.
Concretely, the women volleyball team has won five Greek Championships and one Greek Cup.
Nonetheless, it has recently experienced success on the playing field having won two national championships in 2000 and 2003.
ahq e-Sports Club is an eSports organization based in Taiwan with teams competing in League of Legends, A.V.A, and Heroes of the Storm.
In 2013, they will play at Blizzard Athletics, having previously played at the Joe and Barbara Schwartz Center on the campus of Cape Fear Community College.
They include grand finals in both the C Grade competition and also in the Under 14's Division 2 competition.
The men compete in basketball, cross country, ice hockey, lacrosse, rowing, soccer, swimming, tennis, and indoor and outdoor track.
The Delaware Queen Bees were a team of the Women's Football Alliance that was scheduled to begin play for its inaugural 2009 season.
Kennesaw State University fields 17 varsity athletics teams which are called the Owls.
It was founded at 1929 and soon it expanded to many different kinds of sports.
In the 1964 and 1965 seasons, Mount Bold failed to qualify for finals and disbanded at the end of the 1965 season with Kangarilla reforming.
The Charleston Lions are a travel team in the American Basketball Association based in Charleston, South Carolina that began play in the 2012-13 ABA season.
CSUMB also has a coed sailing team which competes in the fall and spring.
The players representing this team are Pat Cash, Marcos Baghdatis, Agnieszka Radwańska, Saketh Myneni, Shweta Rana and S D Prajwal Dev.
The Wild's home games were played at Hartman Arena in nearby Park City.
The Massachusetts Marauders were a professional arena football team that was based in Worcester, Massachusetts.
Megas Alexandros Thessaloniki is a multi-sport club in the city of Thessaloniki, based in the district of Dépôt.
Formed in 1990, the Toronto Rebels are one of the oldest and most accomplished teams in Canadian Australian Football.
The Hawks served as an "unofficial" minor league affiliate of the Atlanta Falcons.
Eslövs IK is a sports club in Eslöv, Sweden, established in 1961.
The Arkansas Wildcats were a team of the Women's Football Alliance which began play for the 2011 season.
The university fields both men's and women's teams in basketball, cross country, golf, gymnastics, ice hockey, swimming, tennis, and track and field.
Meadows continue to field Senior and Junior teams in the Hills Football League Division 2 competition.
The team notched its first victory, defeating the Explosion, 65-62, at Erie's Tulio Arena April 9, 2011.
On March 21, 2009, the Nighthawks made women's football history when they hosted the Pink Ribbon Bowl.
Liberty has won the Sasser Cup 10 times, the most in Big South Conference history.
Mizzou is a member of the Southeastern Conference and is the only NCAA Football Bowl Subdivision program in Missouri.
Reaction wheels can rotate a spacecraft only around its center of mass; they are not capable of moving the spacecraft from one place to another.
Team Canada represents Canada in women's international roller derby.
Värmbols GoIF was a sports club in Katrineholm, Sweden, established in 1927.
Selånger SK is a sports club in Sundsvall, Sweden, established in 1921.
Past club members include Giaan Rooney, Matt Welsh, Grant Hackett, Daniel Kowalski, Marieke Guehrer and Nicole Livingstone.
In the realm of sports the school is referred to as "Long Beach State."
Borlänge Bandy has a cooperation agreement with the Somalia national bandy team.
The Patriots joined the CIFL in 2012 as an expansion team.
The team then joined the American Indoor Football Association in 2008 after the NIFL's demise.
The Fort Hays State Tigers athletic teams represent Fort Hays State University.
Captain Max Runway was named the mascot of the team in June 2007.
The university has teams in swimming, golf, hockey, soccer, cross-country, volleyball and cheerleading.
In 2015 Cheer Extreme opened its newest location in Waldorf, Maryland.
Home games were played at Independence Stadium.
The Philadelphia Spinners were a professional ultimate team based in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
The Athletics Director is Ron Wellman, who won multiple Athletic Director of the Year Awards for his work during the 2007–2008 school year.
Robert Lloyd is the current chairman of the Rush.
The Central PA Vipers were a team of the Independent Women's Football League.
The Dallas Impact is a team in the American Basketball Association which began play in the 2010-2011 season.
The club is based in Boulder, Colorado and focuses on ultra running and ultra marathons.
Currently, WVU sponsors seven men's sports, ten women's sports, and one coeducational sport.
In 2009, Royals had a better season with them winning the minor premiership and then defeating North Albany in the Grand Final.
The Western Mustangs are the athletic teams that represent Western University in London, Ontario, Canada.
The university currently sponsors varsity athletic teams in 20 men's and women's sports, which compete at the NCAA Division I level.
The team is co-owned by Ed Silva and Brad Bednerak, a former Canadian Football League player who will also serve as the Rush's head coach.
Rochester Lancers is an American soccer team based in Rochester, New York.
Koovee is a Finnish sport club based at Tampere.
Led by WTT Most Valuable Player Billie Jean King, the Freedoms posted the best regular-season record in WTT's inaugural season with 39 wins and 5 losses.
The Steam are currently a member of Elite Indoor Football for 2017.
UKK Bosna or Univerzitetski Karate Klub Bosna is a karate club from Sarajevo, Bosnia.
The Catamount football team competes in Division I Football Championship Subdivision.
Currently, VK Jug competes in the Croatian First League of Water Polo and in the Adriatic Water Polo League.
The more successful teams are the handball and basketball teams.
The Binghamton Tiger Cats played their sixth season overall and fourth as a member of the Women's Spring Football League in 2014.
Flagstaff Hill remained in Division 1 before getting relegated to Division 2 at the end of 1999.
At various times in its history, Huskie Athletics has offered teams in 24 different sports.
At the end of the 1944 season, Rockets owners were out $40,000 after plans to farm the league's talent to the National Football League failed.
The Blacktips' inaugural season began on October 15, 2014.
Immediately after its foundation in 2011 the team already reached the league's semifinals in 2011 and 2013.
The team was slated to become a member of the Continental Indoor Football League as an expansion team in 2009.
The team was first formed to compete at the 2011 Roller Derby World Cup, and finished the tournament in eleventh place.
The Missouri Western Griffons are the sports teams of Missouri Western State University located in St. Joseph, Missouri.
Based in Little Rock, Arkansas the Wildcats played their home games on the campus of Little Rock Central High School.
They were a charter member of the Fall Experimental Football League, which was trying to become the developmental league for the National Football League.
The Belfast Trojans are the only Irish team to have a dedicated American Football field at their facility.
The following season Noarlunga went one better, winning the Alexandra FA Premiership.
The Miami Tropics were a professional American football team based in Miami, Florida that played in the Spring Football League in 2000.
Some of its most notable members are Maggie Nichols, Jessie DeZiel, Abby Paulson, and Olivia Trautman.
The Bombers were a member of the Lone Star Football League.
The Jynx also had six players receive WFA All American honors: 3 first team, and 3 second team.
The Arizona Wildcats are the athletic teams that represent the University of Arizona, located in Tucson.
The club as the name suggests was originally formed as an offshute for past school boys to continue playing organised sport.
Additionally, former VFL footballers including Graham Ion, Kevin O'Donnell and Peter O'Donohue have coached Deniliquin.
Currently, they compete in the Sun Belt Conference in NCAA Division I.
Following the 2010 season, the team moved to New Orleans, Louisiana for the 2011 AFL season and became a successor to the New Orleans VooDoo.
Like the other Ivy League universities, Harvard does not offer athletic scholarships.
In 2002, everyone expected Carolina to not only go to the playoffs, but to do something great.
The Fort Wayne Flash was a full-contact women's outdoor football team of the Women's Football Alliance based in Fort Wayne, Indiana.
The club's name comes from the nearby country estate Villa Giacomina.
The club was formed in 1974 and plays in Russia's highest division since 1993.
As an expansion team, they made the playoffs and finished with a record of 8-6.
Additionally, the cheerleading team has won the national championship 29 times, including 22 straight, and the football team has won six Vanier Cup national championships.
The San Diego Friars were an expansion franchise of World Team Tennis founded in 1975.
In November 2008, the Louisville Fire ceased operations.
Their highest achievement came in 2012 when the beat the Sacramento Sirens 28-27 to become World Champions of the IWFL.
The football team plays in Division I's Football Championship Subdivision as a member of the Missouri Valley Football Conference.
The team was formed prior to the 2000 season, which endured a player strike.
The Charleston franchise was named after Francis Marion, also known as "The Swamp Fox".
Italy men's national inline hockey team is the national team side of Italy at international inline hockey.
The men’s baseball team took West Region titles in 1990 and 1991.
The Baltimore Nighthawks are a football team in the Independent Women's Football League.
The most popular among Wabash fans are football and swimming.
During their time at the Football Championship Subdivision level, the Eagles won an unprecedented six national championships.
The Myponga-Sellicks Football Club is an Australian rules football club first formed on 25 March 1946 as the Myponga Football Club.
The Hamburg Blue Devils are an American football team in Hamburg, Germany.
The Colts initial run lasted from 1979 until 1987, when the team took a four-year hiatus.
The Villanova Wildcats is the name of the athletic teams of Villanova University.
Salinggawi is derived from the Filipino phrase "Salin n g mga dating Gawi at Lahi", which translates to "transfer of customs and traditions" in English.
The Brown Bears are the sports teams at Brown University, located in Providence, Rhode Island in the United States.
The Chicago State Cougars are the varsity athletic teams representing Chicago State University of Chicago, Illinois in intercollegiate athletics.
Since 2006, the ULM has competed as a full member of the Sun Belt Conference.
Based in San Antonio, the Fuel play their home games at the Alamo Convocation Center.
They have also won ten Canadian Ultimate Championships: in 1995, 1996, 1997, 1999, 2000, 2003, 2007, 2011, 2012 and 2013.
The Texas Tycoons were a team of the American Basketball Association and the World Basketball Association based in Dallas.
The university is a member of the National Association of Intercollegiate Athletics, primarily competing in The Sun Conference, formerly known as the Florida Sun Conference.
P.A.O.K., known in European competitions as A.C. PAOK, is a major multi-sports club in Thessaloniki, Greece.
The Philadelphia Phoenix are a men's ultimate team based in Philadelphia in the American Ultimate Disc League.
The Chico State Wildcats are the athletic teams that represent California State University, Chico, located in Chico, California, in NCAA Division II intercollegiate sports.
The Lethbridge Pronghorns, formerly known as the Chinooks are the athletic teams that represent the University of Lethbridge in Lethbridge, Alberta, Canada.
The Victorian Seals was a Melbourne based Australian water polo club that competed in the National Water Polo League.
In 2001, the club joined Southern Football League.
The women's soccer team played in the Swedish top division in 1978.
The Cardinals compete as members of the West Division of the Great Lakes Valley Conference for all 18 varsity sports.
The coach of the Steamrollers was former Boston Patriots All-Pro quarterback Babe Parilli.
The Colorado Christian Cougars are the athletic teams that represent Colorado Christian University, located in Lakewood, Colorado, in NCAA Division II intercollegiate sports.
In 2005, the club changed to the present name, to better highlight its hometown.
Ave Maria has also maintained a membership in the USCAA
It played in the American football Bundesliga, now the German Football League, from 1983 to 1998, reaching the play-off semifinals as its greatest success in 1987.
The Wolves are based in Stockton, California.
Koovee is one of the biggest sport clubs in Finland.
The Aggies' achievements in Division II motivated a decision in 2003 for the athletics program to reclassify to Division I.
The club is part of the sports society JSD Partizan.
In 1942, the TFL competition was suspended indefinitely due to World War II.
The franchise began play in 2002 as an expansion team, and have posted a winning record in all but one of their seasons in existence.
The Outlaws presently play at Players Indoor Sports Center in Naperville, Illinois.
They have a men's team and a women's team and are based at University of Western Australia.
In 1894, a rival sports club, Gymnastiki Eteria Patron, was founded in Patras by former Panachaikos' members.
Currently women's football and skiing have the most successful teams.
It is one of the four charter franchises which had participated in the IPTL's inaugural 2014 season and are champions of the first edition.
The Blazers' colors are forest green and old gold.
The team has also attended the 2012 and 2015 League of Legends World Championships, and was eliminated in the group stage on both occasions.
The American Basketball Association is an American semi-professional men's basketball minor league that was founded in 1999.
The club is part of the University Sport Society USD Bosna.
Football also debuted as a sport in 1920, followed by wrestling, men's tennis, men's gymnastics, and men's swimming.
The Texas–Arlington Mavericks are the athletic teams that represent the University of Texas at Arlington in Arlington, Texas.
It is best known for its women's team, which has played in the División de Honor Femenina since 2004.
The University has no men's baseball, tennis, soccer, lacrosse, or volleyball programs.
The University also supports a number of club sports, and a significant intramural sports program.
In addition the Huskers field varsity teams in two sports not sponsored by the Big Ten, namely rifle and bowling.
The Texas Tech Red Raiders and Lady Raiders are the athletic teams that represent Texas Tech University.
Home games are played at Roy Davis Field in Schoolcraft, Michigan.
The GVSU Lakers compete at the NCAA Division II level and are members of the Great Lakes Intercollegiate Athletic Conference.
The Ripknees briefly joined the Premier Basketball League after starting playing one season in the ABA.
On April 19, 2011, the NAIA made UC Merced one of four new members to join the organization.
On December 15, 2012, Villanova and the other six Catholic, non-FBS schools announced that they were departing the Big East for a new conference.
After the season, the Outlaws announced their move to the Women's Football Alliance.
These athletics programs date back to 1908.
They were founded by Head Coach Michael Stuart and General Manager Joshua Creel in 2001.
The St. Francis Xavier X-Men and X-Women are the men's and women's athletic teams that represent St. Francis Xavier University in Antigonish, Nova Scotia, Canada.
Their inaugural game opponent, the Dallas Silverbacks of the local North American Indoor Football league, then announced they would not be participating in the game.
The two teams playing in the National Championship were the San Diego Surge and the Chicago Force.
The team takes its name from area code 716, the telephone area code for Buffalo and much of the rest of western New York.
Melton South Football and Netball Club, is located in Melton and competes in the Ballarat Football League which is part of the Victorian Country Football League.
The Wheeling Jesuit Cardinals are the athletic teams that represent the Wheeling Jesuit University, located in Wheeling, West Virginia, in NCAA Division II intercollegiate sports.
The women's bandy team has played two seasons in the Swedish top division.
The Generals play in the OLA Junior B Lacrosse League.
They compete in the Southern Conference in all sports.
They practice several sports, but mainly swimming and water polo.
They were in the XFL's Western Division with the San Francisco Demons, the Memphis Maniax and the Las Vegas Outlaws.
Texas State joined the Sun Belt Conference on July 1, 2013.
The Pythons were supposed to play their home games at The Megaplex in Homer Glen, Illinois, but the team never hosted a home game.
NYIT sent several runners to the Olympic Games in 1980, 1988, 1992, and in 2000.
Attendance was between 900 and 1,650 for the games.
Men's rugby competes at the Division I level of USA Rugby's Midwest Rugby Union, as well as a JV team at the DII level.
Tom Burman has served as Wyoming's athletic director since October 9, 2006.
Their first game was held at 2:30 on September 3 against the Seattle Bombers.
They were members of the Continental Football League and only lasted one year.
The Golden Bears compete as members of the Northern Sun Intercollegiate Conference for all 13 varsity sports.
They were the winners of the League of Legends Season 2 World Championship.
Their home arena is Slättbergshallen, where one match, Sweden–Finland, during the 2013 Bandy World Championship was played.
The club was established in 1881 and began in the Upper Goulburn Football Association in 1897.
The DePaul Blue Demons are the athletic teams that represent DePaul University, located in Chicago, Illinois.
At the time, the players were sworn to secrecy so fans would believe the team was located in Miami.
Altogether, Eastern Mennonite sponsors 15 sports: 7 for men and 8 for women.
The Firebirds joined American Indoor Football for the 2016 season but the league folded after one season.
The team was originally coached by Cree Morris, then Mouse Davis and finally by Sean Ponder.
The Privateers compete in NCAA intercollegiate athletics as a member of the Southland Conference at the Division I level.
The Seattle Flight are a professional men's basketball based in Lakewood, Washington, approximately forty miles south of Seattle.
The club also made two losing appearances in the German Bowl, suffering defeat by record champion Braunschweig Lions in 2014 and 2015.
As Fenn College they fielded men's ice hockey and rifle.
is a Greek multi-sport club based in the city of Patras, Greece.
The Steel City Yellow Jackets are a basketball team based in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
The Detroit Thunder was a professional indoor football team based in Fraser, Michigan.
The team represents changes in fuel technology.
Future NBA Clipper Ron Davis was a two-time CBA scoring leader; in 1979–80, he was CBA Most Valuable Player for the Anchorage squad.
The Albany Firebirds were a professional arena football team of the af2 based in Albany, New York.
The Southeastern Oklahoma State Savage Storm are the athletic teams that represent Southeastern Oklahoma State University, located in Durant, Oklahoma, in NCAA Division II intercollegiate sports.
The Illinois State Redbirds are the athletic teams that represent Illinois State University in Normal, Illinois.
Amongst its first athletes were Giorgos Kalafatis, Apostolos Nikolaidis, Loukas Panourgias and Michalis Papazoglou.
The school's men's and women's ski teams and men's and women's squash teams compete in Division I.
Hampton Rovers has won a total of over 60 premierships in its existence, which includes nine senior VAFA premierships counting an A Section flag in 1951.
The club colours are green, yellow and black.
They play at the Winthrop-King Centre at Shorter College.
Rävåsens IK is a sports club in Rävåsen in Karlskoga, Sweden, established in 1941.
All three final games were played against AIK.
The team was formed in 2008 with many former players and staff from the New Jersey Titans.
The Phoenix Prowlers were a professional football team that played in the Women's Football Alliance.
The club began in 2001 and plays in the https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/AFL_Ontario along with 9 other clubs from Toronto, Hamilton and Ottawa.
The North London Lions are an Australian rules football club based in the northern suburbs of London, England.
The team's home ground was the Shree Shiv Chhatrapati Sports Complex in Pune.
The Finger Lakes Falcons are an independent women's football team based in the Finger Lakes area of New York and set to begin play for 2012.
Karate Klub Partizan is a karate club from Belgrade, Serbia.
This commitment and the support for women's sport is unique and will enable the Darebin Falcons to continue to grow as a women's sporting club.
Their 17 teams include men and women's basketball, cross country, lacrosse, swimming & diving, tennis, and track and field; women's-only soccer and softball; and men's-only baseball.
The team was founded after buying the NA LCS spot of Team 8.
The Penguins compete as members of the Pacific West Conference.
Starting from summer 2010 the club is known as ZF Eger after its main sponsor ZF Friedrichshafen.
JMU has won two NCAA national championships, tied for third-most among Virginia colleges and universities.
The Highland Cavaliers compete as members of the Mountain East Conference for all 13 varsity sports.
In 2004 Quarterback Saadia Ashraf bought the team from the original owners.
Played for Haslingden as both an amateur and professional having started his career at Haslingden as a junior.
During their four-year run, the franchise's most prominent player was a former Nebraska Cornhusker running back named Damon Benning and the franchise's owner was Andrew Cheesman.
The men's bandy team played in the Swedish top division in 1941.
They then beat France and Sweden in the consolation stage, to finish in fifth place.
Temple was the first school in the United States to adopt the owl as its symbol or mascot.
This opened the door for future Koyotes teams.
The Colonels sports teams are members of the Southland Conference.
The Fury played its home games at the American Bank Center.
The Admirals were owned by Chris Glisson, former co-owner of fellow ABA teams the Smoky Mountain Jam and Tri-City Racers.
B-W's rivalries include John Carroll University and University of Mount Union.
The Eagles compete as members of the South Atlantic Conference for all 19 varsity sports.
The DFW Xtreme have agreed to play out the schedule vacated by the North Texas Knockouts.
Northwood has been a member of the GLIAC since 1992.
Mount Compass initially only played challenge matches until they joined the Fleurieu Peninsula Football Association in 1934 but that competition only lasted one season.
Other regional rivals include the Washington Huskies and Washington State Cougars.
In 2006, St. Francis College added women's bowling, while dropping baseball and softball.
In the ABL expansion draft leading up to the team's first season, the Condors selected Tausha Mills, Ashley Berggren, Ryneldi Becenti, Cathy Boswell, E.C.
They played their home games at the Laredo Entertainment Center in Laredo, Texas.
The Gopher football team began playing at TCF Bank Stadium in September 2009.
During the German reunification in 1989 the SV Dynamo was liquidated.
The Memphis Tigers are the athletic teams that represent the University of Memphis.
That still ranks third all time in Division 2.
Based in Houston, Texas, the Stallions played their home games at the Merrell Center in Katy, Texas.
The Buckeyes participate in the National Collegiate Athletic Association's Division I in all sports and the Big Ten Conference in most sports.
Women's sports are basketball, soccer, tennis, golf, volleyball, track and field, cross-country and rowing.
The American Basketball Association is an American semi-professional men's basketball minor league that was founded in 1999.
The Panthers compete as members of the Northeast-10 Conference for most sports; the women's bowling team competes with the East Coast Conference.
The Miami Sting were a professional indoor football team based in Coral Gables, Florida.
The McLaren Vale Football Club was an Australian rules football club that was an inaugural member of the Southern Football Association in 1886.
All varsity sports teams compete as members of the Atlantic Coast Conference, with the exception of the gymnastics team competing in the East Atlantic Gymnastics League.
The school is a part of the National Association of Intercollegiate Athletics, competing in the Kansas Collegiate Athletic Conference.
The Florida Stingrays are an amateur football team in the United Football Federation of America.
The Badgers played all their games on the road for their two seasons in the AIF.
The North Kildare Reapers are an American Football team formed in 2012 and were accepted for the IAFL-1.
In 2012, the team adopted the nickname "Dynasty".
In 1981, Delaney, running back for the Kansas City Chiefs, was awarded the AFC Rookie of the year by UPI.
The University of Chicago helped found the Big Ten Conference in 1895; although it dropped football in 1939, its other teams remained members until 1946.
The current athletic director is Patrick Kraft.
The club is the best-supported American football club in Switzerland.
The Florida Bobcats were an Arena Football League team based in Sunrise, Florida.
According to a statement posted on their website, the team has declined to participate in the 2011 season, effectively shutting down the team.
The Cavaliers have placed in the Top 5 nationally several times, ranking first in 2014–15, second in 2010–11, and fourth in 2013–14.
Named after one of its oldest settlements, Palm Beach, the county was established in 1909, after being split from Dade County.
It was a member of the American Basketball League.
Home games are played at Chaparral Stadium on the campus of Westlake High School.
The move in 2001 also brought a franchise name change to the current Wyoming Cavalry.
The program has a rich history in collegiate athletics.
The South Florida Bulls are the athletic teams that represent the University of South Florida.
O'Bannon would be joined on the Stars by former UCLA players Toby Bailey, who also played with O'Bannon on the 1995 championship team, and JaRon Rush.
They also played in the Atlantic Division of the Premier Basketball League.
The Eagles were accepted for provisional NCAA membership on July 20, 2016 and played their initial PacWest Conference season in 2017-18.
They were previously known as the University of Southern Colorado Indians and then the University of Southern Colorado ThunderWolves.
The Kats are the only athletic department in the Southland Conference to get the Commissioner's Cup for 3 consecutive years.
They were a member of the Indoor Football League, of which they were the 2-time defending champions.
In 2002, the Speed proved that they weren't a one-time wonder, and went to the playoffs again.
For the 2008 season the Flight played their home games at the DeltaPlex Arena.
Originally based in Smyrna/Izmir, the club was uprooted in the population exchange between Greece and Turkey following the Asia Minor Catastrophe in 1922.
The team play their home games at Onondaga Nation Arena, aka Tsha'Hon'nonyen'dakhwa'.
The players representing this team are Àlex Corretja, Feliciano López, Jelena Janković, Divij Sharan.
It was coached by former Texas Tech wide receiver Rodney Blackshear.
They played their home games at MCU Park.
From the 1998 season to 2008, the Horizon has played their home games at Manny Weaver Gymnasium at Rowland Intermediate School.
Falkenbergs Bordtennisklubb is a Swedish table tennis club formed on November 30, 1925.
There are exceptions for non-athletic Brigade Support Activities such as YP Squadron or the Drum and Bugle Corps.
Kvinnliga IK Sport is a sports club in Gothenburg, Sweden, which just as the name says only runs women's activity.
From 1991 to 1994 Tarleton played as an Independent.
The Pythons joined the CIFL in 2012 as an expansion team under the name "Chicago Vipers".
After sitting out the 2009 season, the Lightning were blown out 62-0 by the Lone Star Mustangs in their first game of 2010.
The Bloomington Flex are a professional minor league basketball team based in Bloomington, Illinois.
The Southwestern Oklahoma State Bulldogs are the athletic teams that represent Southwestern Oklahoma State University, located in Weatherford, Oklahoma, in NCAA Division II intercollegiate sports.
The Greensboro Prowlers were a professional arena football team based in Greensboro, North Carolina.
The men's soccer team has played nine seasons in the Swedish third division.
The Jacksonville SLAM was a team in the Premier Basketball League.
In May, 2006, founding team owner, Jeremy "J" Brice, of Salem, had gained ABA approval, opened a front office in downtown Portland, and announced its staff.
The first Salt Lake Lions' tryouts were held October 5 and 12, 2013.
It is also one of the most prolific organizers of cross country and road races in Montenegro.
The team finished the 2011-2012 season with a Division Title in the Atlantic South Division of the ABA.
The Statesmen and Lady Statesmen compete in the NCAA Division II and are members of the Gulf South Conference.
On July 14, 2009, the Aces announced they were changing their name to the Las Vegas Dynasty.
In a press release, it was announced that the Colts would sit out the 2009 season, yet return for the 2010 season.
The current seat of the club is the suburb of Thessaloniki Sykies.
UNM teams have won two national championships; the women's cross-country NCAA championship in 2015, and the Division I Skiing championship in 2004.
Punjab Marshalls is a tennis team representing the Indian state of Punjab in Champions Tennis League.
The Army Black Knights, commonly known as Army, is the name of the athletics teams of the United States Military Academy.
The team had the league's best passing offense and was nicknamed "L.A.X."
The Kansas City Spartans are a team of the Women's Football Alliance who began play in the 2010 WFA season.
The San Francisco Demons were a short-lived springtime American football team based in San Francisco, California.
The nickname was selected by the campus newspaper in a contest with a $5 prize in 1934 won by Andrew Dickson of Boulder.
The school has not used a live ram since the introduction of "Rhody," a student in an anthropomorphic ram costume, in 1974.
The Maryland Reapers were an American Indoor Football team that played in 2012.
On the other hand, the women's team dominated the national championship through the 1990s with eight titles in a row.
SG Oslebshausen was a basketball club from Bremen, Germany.
The Mimico Mountaineers or Mimico Lacrosse Club is a Jr. A box lacrosse association in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.
The club runs track and field athletics and disabled sports, earlier even bandy and soccer.
The Bears have also had 122 Academic All-Americans.
The Kankakee County Soldiers are a semi-professional basketball team of the Independent Basketball Association.
Malone joined the GMAC after four seasons in the Great Lakes Intercollegiate Athletic Conference.
The Storm previously competed in the American Basketball Association during 2010-11 season.
At junior level, the club had more success, having taken out the German Junior Bowl on three occasions, in 1992, 1996 and 2000.
Since 1998, Chico State’s athletic teams have won 99 NCAA Championship berths, 40 CCAA titles, 24 West Region titles, and 15 National titles.
After this, SFU decided in 2000–01 to partially transfer to Canadian Interuniversity Sport.
Prior to 1960, Houston was a member of several athletic conferences including the Lone Star Conference, Gulf Coast Conference, and Missouri Valley Conference.
The university sponsors fifteen teams competing in seventeen sports..
In addition, the MIAA has honored Xaverian athletics five times for outstanding sportsmanship.
After, claiming the 2008 SEBL North Division Regular Season Championship, the Cartersville-Baseline Warriors made another trip to China in September.
The Georgia Firebirds are a professional indoor football team based in Albany, Georgia, and play their home games at the Albany Civic Center.
The Spiders are members of the West Division of the American Ultimate Disc League.
The team saw financial problems before the season had started, when Co-Owner and General Manager, John Christner, was unable to stay with the team.
With 7 European champion titles, VK Partizan is the third best European team in waterpolo history along with Mladost, behind Pro Recco with 8 titles.
In 1969, a women's soccer team was established, which played in the Swedish top division in 1994.
MTK Budapest is a canoeing team based in Budapest, Hungary.
The Cal State Bakersfield Roadrunners are the intercollegiate athletic teams of California State University, Bakersfield, located in Bakersfield, California.
The Central Washington Wildcats are the 12 varsity athletic teams that represent Central Washington University, located in Ellensburg, Washington, in NCAA Division II intercollegiate sports.
Dr. Bethany Miller currently serves as the Athletic Director overseeing all 17 varsity programs.
The Fusion played in the National Women's Football Association from their inception in 2002 until 2008.
The club celebrated its 50th anniversary in 2009.
The Wildcats compete as an associate member of the California Collegiate Athletic Association for all 13 varsity sports.
The team began operations in 2004 as the Odessa Roughnecks, a charter member of the Intense Football League.
They compete at the Division I level of the NCAA.
The team also won the European Cup in 2002, 2003 and 2004.
Jakobsbergs GoIF is a sports club in Jakobsberg, Sweden, with handball activity.
The men's and women's hockey teams, and the men's and women's Cross Country Running teams are members of the Atlantic University Sport.
Despite playing in the same arena with the same head coach, the Maniacs are not a continuation of the Tide.
The Palm Beach Punishers are a football team in the Women's Football Alliance based in Palm Beach County, Florida.
The Colorado Xplosion was the first women's professional basketball franchise in Colorado, an American Basketball League team based in Denver.
The Mobile River and Tensaw River empty into the northern end of the bay, making it an estuary.
With the Eastman Raiders football club being formed in 1991, the club is now host to over 260 athletes ranging from 7 to 22 year olds.
In 2011 Amager Demons competed for the first time in the Nationalligaen, the top division of American Football in Denmark.
In 2007 the team played home games in Salem's Douglas McKay High School.
The Metro State Roadrunners are the athletic teams that represent Metropolitan State University of Denver.
Bill Butterfield, an office supply store manager in Evansville, bought the franchise midway through the season and moved it to Indiana.
They are easily the best school at football ever.
In 2016, the Breakers played their home matches at Breakers Stadium at the Newport Beach Tennis Club.
The team plays in the Gulf Coast Division and its home games on the campus of Gulfport High School.
The team, from Windsor, Ontario, Canada, was known as the Windsor AKO Fratmen from 2003 until 2009 as they were sponsored by the AKO Fraternity.
During their first two seasons, the Belles were known as the Louisville Nightmare and played in the Independent Women's Football League.
The school colors are red and black with white trim.
The London Tigers is an English tournament paintball team founded in 1986 by Steve Baldwin.
The women's varsity hockey team have become very successful, winning their first OUA championship in their 1998–1999 season, winning six consecutive years in a row.
Michigan State offers 12 varsity sports for men and 13 for women.
During the 1930s they were called Evansmen after George Evans.
When the slate of 2008-2009 teams for the PBL was announced, the SLAM was not listed on it and therefore it is considered folded.
The team has been using the nickname Tigers since the 1920s; prior to that, they were referred to as the "Presbyterians" or the "Highlanders".
Nowadays, the team has grown very powerful, and is sometimes considered the second best team in the league.
On December 15, the team announced that head coach Richard Jacob stepped down and would be replaced on an interim basis by General Manager Roosevelt Bouie.
Women's sports offered at Anderson University include basketball, softball, tennis, volleyball, soccer, golf, cross country, and track & field.
The Blue Raiders are the men's and women's athletic teams at Middle Tennessee State University, in Murfreesboro, Tennessee.
In 2012, Galatasaray Men's Water Polo Team won Turkish Water Polo Championship Cup.
In 2009 and 2010, Djurgården played in Superserien, the top-tier for American football in Sweden, but the club had to withdraw after that.
The other titles came in 2002 and 2007.
In 2005, the Bandits defeated the Erie Freeze to win the AIFL's first-ever American Bowl, completing the year with a combined record of 11-1.
Nowadays it maintains departments of basketball, volleyball, cycling and others.
The Drury Panthers are the athletic teams that represent Drury University, located in Springfield, Missouri, in NCAA Division II intercollegiate sports.
The sale of team merchandise, popular among local residents, also helps meet these financial requirements.
At the World Cup, Germany lost in round one to Team New Zealand, by 143 to 127.
The Dodge City Conquistadors are the sports teams of Dodge City Community College located in Dodge City, Kansas, United States.
The Yellowjackets compete as members of the Great Northwest Athletic Conference for all sports.
The Swarm joined the af2 as an expansion franchise in 2003 along with the Green Bay Blizzard.
They participate in the National Association of Intercollegiate Athletics, primarily competing in the Heart of America Athletic Conference.
The Marauder's official colours are maroon and grey.
The Oakville Buzz are Junior "B" box lacrosse team from Oakville, Ontario, Canada.
Dostluk Spor fostered many sportspeople, who transferred later to major clubs.
Following the 2010 season, Loomis attempted to find additional investors or buyers of the team, without success.
The UC San Diego Tritons are the athletic sports teams for the University of California, San Diego.
The Saint Martin's Saints are the 13 varsity athletic teams that represent Saint Martin's University, located in Lacey, Washington, in NCAA Division II intercollegiate sports.
The Rebels hold the record for most Junior B national championships in Founders Cup history with seven and are the current four-time defending champions.
The Strings won the 1981 TeamTennis championship in their inaugural season, and followed up with a second title in 1990.
The Saints compete as members of Conference Carolinas for most sports, which Limestone has been a member of since 1998.
The Darmstadt Diamonds are an American football team from Darmstadt, Germany.
The Saint Peter's Peacocks and Peahens are composed of the 17 teams representing Saint Peter's University in intercollegiate athletics.
The club is named after the island Djurgården in the city, which originally was a Royal Hunting Park.
The team joined American Indoor Football in 2016.
The team had the following staff during the 2014 season: 
The TCU Horned Frogs are the athletic teams that represent Texas Christian University.
The Reign originally played in the Women's Professional Football League.
They have been fairly successful in their existence, having put together a 15–1 regular season in 2007 yet fell to Bossier-Shreveport in the American Conference Semifinals.
Prior to 2011 they played all Home games at Carteret High School.
The Augustana Vikings are the athletic teams that represent Augustana University, located in Sioux Falls, South Dakota, in NCAA Division II intercollegiate sports.
The Club wear a predominantly white jumper with a red "V", like that of the old South Melbourne Football Club in the VFL.
The Wollongong Warriors Quidditch Club is the muggle quidditch club of the University of Wollongong, in New South Wales, Australia.
Aias Evosmou is a Greek multi-sport club based in Evosmos, Thessaloniki.
The first women's football team in West Virginia, the Wildfire is based in the city of Belle.
They were first named Bulldogs in 1933.
The franchise was originally known as the Albany Legends, changing their name in 2014 with a move to Schenectady.
In 1974, the men's team had its biggest success in the european competitions.
The Tongala Football Club, nicknamed the Blues, is an Australian Rules Football club playing in the Murray Football League.
It is known as the country's first ever women's football club.
The school competes in NCAA Division I and the West Coast Conference.
The New York Sharks are a women's American football team playing out of New York City.
They are part of the National Association of Intercollegiate Athletics, primarily competing in the Kansas Collegiate Athletic Conference.
Lattimore, who left the team May 12, garnered his second SIFL Defensive Player of the Week honor for his performance vs. Fayetteville April 29.
The state legislature merged Kearsley Township back into Flint Township on March 7, 1843.
In 1999, the club won both the Småland women's and girls' district championship.
The Montana Grizzlies and Lady Griz are the nicknames given to the athletic teams of the University of Montana, located in Missoula.
After the 2001 season, low attendance forced the Fuze to relocate to Birch Run, Michigan, and become the Great Lakes Storm.
Jim Schmidt is the current athletic director and has been at the university for 25 years.
Kelley agreed with the order but did not admit or deny violating the law in the agreement.
He is the nephew of the former NBA player James Hardy.
Of particular pride to the VBWs and their owner is the broad diversity among the former and current players.
Several Steel players stayed with the Sabers, who also retained the team records and statistics of the Steel.
Finding none locally based, the team eventually folded.
The club is based in the neighbourhood of Athens, Neos Kosmos.
He coached for 40 seasons in the National Association of Intercollegiate Athletics and is the winningest active coach in the NAIA Division I rankings.
The Texarkana Panthers are a franchise of the American Basketball Association based in the Texarkana metropolitan area in Arkansas and Texas.
The Houston Power is a team of the Women's Football Alliance which began play for the 2010 season.
The Charles and Ruth Clemente Center for Sports and Recreation, also known as the Clemente Center, is a 3,500-seat indoor sports arena located in Melbourne, Florida.
Home games are played at Taft Stadium.
Burnie Football Club is an Australian rules football club in Burnie, Tasmania, Australia.
Formerly an independent NAIA program until the 2015-16 season, the Jaguars compete as a member of the Red River Athletic Conference.
They have received an investment of several million Danish kroner from Sunstone Capital and the Danish entrepreneur Tommy Ahlers and are incorporating as Astralis ApS.
Dixie State began competing in NCAA Division II in the 2006–07 academic year after being a member of the NJCAA.
Cal athletes have also competed in the Olympics for a host of different countries.
Previously, GSU was a member of the CAA, and prior to that, the Atlantic Sun Conference.
As of June 2017, the Beavers have won one pre-NCAA team national championship and three NCAA team national championships.
The soccer activity has mostly used Ringvallens IP as home ground.
The team was founded in 1979 by head coach Edward G. Brosky, a member of the Pittsburgh Panthers 1976 national championship team.
They were known as the Cook Inlet Bucs until 1984.
Before the event, The Guardian noted that the team was one of the three favourites, with Canada and Team USA, to reach the final.
The Reign was a charter member of the American Basketball League.
Based in Des Moines, Iowa, home games were played in nearby Martensdale at Martensdale St Mary's Football Stadium.
Prior to the consolidation North Georgia competed under the nickname "Saints" with a mascot of a Saint Bernard.
In this era it qualified for the play-offs on thirteen occasions, winning the southern division of the league in 1995 and 1997.
However, in 2016 after 10 seasons the university decided to eliminate the athletic program in favour of creating a badminton program.
The Austin Aces were a World TeamTennis team in Austin, Texas, USA.
When the SIFL folded, the team joined the Professional Indoor Football League in 2012.
The Aces played their home matches at the Dwight Davis Tennis Center in Forest Park.
The wildcat is the school's official mascot, the colors are UNH Blue and white.
Port Noarlunga initially played a four-season stint in the Glenelg District Football Association before going into recess.
The Marietta Storm is a World Basketball Association franchise based in Marietta, Georgia owned by music mogul Melvin Mel-Man Breeden.
The Seattle Majestics are a Women's American football team based in Seattle, Washington.
The official fight song is Hail, New Mexico.
Early nicknames for the university's athletic teams included the "Hawkeyes", the "Antelopes", the "Old Gold Knights", the "Bugeaters" and the "Mankilling Mastodons".
After a successful basketball career at Queens College, Marsha went on to coach several semi-pro women's teams before taking over for the Express.
The team played the 2016 season as an FCS independent and will join Sun Belt football for the 2017 season.
The Reynella FC continues to field teams in Senior and Junior grades in the Southern Football League.
A member of the Women's Football Alliance, the Warbirds are set to begin play for its second season in 2011.
The Paderborn Dolphins are an American football team from Paderborn, Germany.
On July 17, 2015 the NCAA announced that effective September 1, 2015, the school will be active Division II members.
The Warriors are one of two Los Angeles County-based teams in the WFA, the other being the Los Angeles Amazons.
Shawnee State was a member of the American Mideast Conference from 1991 until 2010, the Bears have won 17 conference championships.
The Wallaceburg Red Devils are Junior "B" box lacrosse team from Wallaceburg, Ontario, Canada.
The men's and women's Bishops teams are NCAA Division III teams that compete in the North Coast Athletic Conference.
In July 2011, the Aces announced a move to Eatonville, Florida.
The Ephs' mascot is a purple cow, and their colors are purple and gold.
The John Hayes Award is given annually to one team in the New England Rugby Football Union for sportsmanship.
The Thunderbirds played their home games at the old Winston-Salem Memorial Coliseum before the arena was demolished in 1989.
The club's success initiated soon the establishment of other women's football teams in İstanbul, İzmir and Ankara.
The team played at the Alfred J. Loos Fieldhouse, which was also the part-time home to the Dallas Chaparrals of the original American Basketball Association.
The women's soccer team played three seasons in the Swedish top division between 1978–1980.
The owner of the Maniacs was Messay Hailermariam.
The Sudbury Spartans are an amateur gridiron football team based in the city of Greater Sudbury, Ontario.
Palm Beach County is a county located in the state of Florida, directly north of Broward County.
Valdosta State is a NCAA Division II member institution and has been a member of the Gulf South Conference since 1981.
The team suspended operations on October 1, 2014.
The school mascot is LeeRoy, a Bengal tiger.
Additionally, Olympiacos holds the record for the fewest losses, the most goals scored in a season, and the fewest goals conceded in a season.
The team was a member of the South Division of the CIFL after starting in 2013 as an expansion team.
The Pirates were the first professional indoor football team to be based in Port Huron.
The Darebin Falcons fields one team at Youth Girls level, this team won its 5th consecutive Premiership in 2014.
The organization is operated by RFRSH Entertainment, with players owning an undisclosed non-majority amount of equity.
The Generals began play in 2011 as an expansion team as part of the original Ultimate Indoor Football League six.
In 2008-9, there were about 300 undergraduate student-athletes, who maintained an overall GPA of 3.09.
Cheltenham High School was established in 1884 and is one of the oldest public high schools in Pennsylvania.
The Binghamton Pioneers were a semi-professional basketball team in the Independent Basketball Association based in Binghamton, New York, USA.
The San Jose Lasers were a women's professional basketball team in San Jose, California.
Based in Atlanta, Georgia, the Xplosion played their home games in nearby Smyrna, Georgia at Campbell High School.
The club is supported by Grobari, fans of all sport clubs competing under the name of Partizan Belgrade.
The Stanislaus State Warriors are the athletic teams that represent California State University, Stanislaus, located in Turlock, California, in NCAA Division II intercollegiate sports.
The men's basketball team has reached the NCAA Tournament five times in the history of the program.
The team began play in the fall of 2004.
The two teams play for a trophy each year known as the Peace Pipe, a prize that originated in basketball but progressed to football in 1980.
Boston University's team nickname is the Terriers, and the official mascot is Rhett the Boston Terrier.
The team had been mentioned as a charter member of the proposed Stadius Football Association, but that league never got off the ground.
The men's soccer team has played three seasons in the Swedish second division.
The university is a member of the Wolverine–Hoosier Athletic Conference and Mid-America Men's Volleyball Intercollegiate Conference and Men's Collegiate Lacrosse Association.
They are in the Eastern Division with the DC Breeze, New Jersey Hammerheads, New York Empire, Rochester Dragons, and Toronto Rush.
The Beaches play in the OLA Junior A Lacrosse League.
The University of Western Australia Torpedoes Water Polo Club is an Australian club water polo team that competes in the National Water Polo League.
The Tennessee Tech Golden Eagles are the intercollegiate athletic teams of Tennessee Technological University, located in Cookeville, Tennessee, United States.
The Panthers athletic program is a member of the Ohio Valley Conference and competes at the NCAA Division I level including the Football Championship Subdivision.
Renamed the Las Vegas Aces, the team remained in good standing in the ABA.
Virginia Tech's women's sports are basketball, cross country, lacrosse, soccer, softball, swimming and diving, tennis, track and field and volleyball.
The nickname applies to the college's intercollegiate NCAA Division I teams and to the school's club sports teams.
Veslački Klub Partizan is a Serbian rowing club from Belgrade.
The men's team won its third national cup in 2012.
The Toronto Varsity Blues is the intercollegiate sports program at the University of Toronto.
The Crunch were owned by Mike Powell.
At the time, the athletic teams had red uniforms with a large "D" on the front.
The Alaska Goldpanners of Fairbanks are a collegiate summer baseball team which was founded in 1960 as an independent barnstorming team.
The Itawamba Community College Indians are 10 teams representing Itawamba Community College in intercollegiate athletics, including men and women's basketball, soccer, and tennis.
The Long Beach State 49ers are the athletic teams that represent California State University, Long Beach.
The Rockford Riverdawgs are a semi-professional basketball team and a member of the Independent Basketball Association.
In 1966, he was voted All-Star quarterback by the league's coaches.
The Pirates and Lady Pirates compete in the NCAA Division I Football Championship Subdivision and are members of the Mid-Eastern Athletic Conference.
The Heaves were originally part of the American Basketball Association from 2006 through 2008.
The Toledo Bullfrogs was to be a professional arena football team based at the Lucas County Arena in Toledo, Ohio.
The Morphett Vale FC continues to field teams in Senior and Junior grades in the Southern Football League.
The North Florida Ospreys are the athletic teams of the University of North Florida in Jacksonville, Florida.
For the 2014–15 academic year, Garcia was named NACWAA D1 Administrator of the Year.
The Oregon State Beavers are the athletic teams that represent Oregon State University in Corvallis, Oregon.
The American Basketball Association is an American semi-professional men's basketball minor league that was founded in 1999.
The Langley Blaze was founded in 2001 by Doug Mathieson, a former RHP who played in the Minors for seven years.
The Belfast Trojans are an American Football team formed in January 2006, and have competed in the IAFL since 2007 playing NCAA rules in full contact.
Separate men's and women's teams are sponsored for basketball, tennis, crew, lacrosse, soccer, cross country, track, swimming and diving.
Marsha Blount is the owner of the team.
However, the Blitz unexpectedly folded after the 2007 season.
The program participates in the Pac-12 Conference and has won 127 team national championships, 104 of which are NCAA National Championships.
The Carson–Newman Eagles are the athletic teams that represent the Carson–Newman University, located in Jefferson City, Tennessee, in NCAA Division II intercollegiate sports.
It did not qualify for the 2014–15 Elitserien but was then offered the vacant place there when GAIS choose to withdraw.
Idrettsforeningen Ready is a sports club in Vestre Aker, Oslo, Norway.
The Eastern Michigan Eagles, formerly known as the Hurons, are the athletic teams for Eastern Michigan University in Ypsilanti, Michigan, United States.
The Acadia Axemen and Axewomen are the men's and women's athletic teams that represent Acadia University in Wolfville, Nova Scotia, Canada.
In 2014, the Cape Fear Thunder defeated the West Virginia Wildfire 34-26 to capture their second WSFL 8s division championship.
NBC dropped the XFL after the first season in 2001 due to dismal ratings, and the dissolution of the league was announced shortly afterwards.
The Charleston Cougars are the varsity intercollegiate athletic teams representing the College of Charleston in Charleston, South Carolina.
In 1994, Knightro debuted as the Knights official athletic mascot.
The team began as a 2002 expansion member of the af2, known as the original Bakersfield Blitz until 2004.
The Golden Eagles compete as members of the Northern Sun Intercollegiate Conference for all 10 varsity sports.
The Warriors compete as members of the California Collegiate Athletic Association for all 13 varsity sports.
The American Basketball Association is an American semi-professional men's basketball minor league that was founded in 1999.
Benfica compete in both the men's and women's national leagues and international competitions.
All teams are named the "Cougars", a name that was first introduced by Eugene L. Roberts in the 1920s, initially only applied to the football team.
BS BolticGöta, or for short "BG", is a bandy club in Karlstad, Sweden.
B.G Sports won the title in 2012 Second Division Football Tournament advancing the club to the top league which was known as Dhivehi League.
They played an independent schedule in their final season.
In 2002, Florida Gulf Coast became an independent member of NCAA Division II.
The team was founded before the 2006 season.
The 2009 season brought a division championship back home to Austin.
The winner of the CSU-Air Force football game receives the Ram-Falcon Trophy.
In fact, Lynchburg was a founding member of the ODAC in 1976.
Created by a community of Australians living in Paris, it is mainly composed of French and Australian players.
They participate in the NCAA's Division II and in the Heartland Conference.
They played for three seasons from 2000 to 2002, when they folded.
Southern's loyal fanbase is traditionally referred to as the "Jaguar Nation".
In 1964, Mount Bold transferred to the Southern Football League.
They were the open champions at the 2004, 2006 and 2007 USA Club Championships, and the 1997 WFDF World Ultimate Club Championships.
Official school colors are Kent State Blue and Kent State Gold.
The Southern Tier Spitfire were a team of the Women's Football Alliance which began play in 2010.
They made one playoff appearance in their first year.
The Indiana Loves were an expansion franchise of TeamTennis that competed only during the 1983 season.
The Zurich Renegades are an American football team from Zürich, Switzerland.
Attendance declined steadily over the three years, and the owners were unable to find investors to keep the team afloat.
Every May the club organizes an international chess tournament.
Approximately 1,700 undergraduate and 1,000 graduate students attend Manhattanville.
The team's official colors are silver and blue.
On November 28, 2012, Louisville received and accepted an invitation to join the Atlantic Coast Conference and became a participating member in all sports in 2014.
Sibselmash is a bandy club from Novosibirsk, Russia.
2006 was the year the Outlaws returned to the postseason, finishing at 6-2 and second place in the South West Division.
It competes in the West End Grade Cricket Competition, which is administered by the South Australian Cricket Association.
The team plays its home games in the Olympic pool Municipal of San Pietro di Novella in Rapallo, near Genoa.
The Nebraska Stampede is a team of the Independent Women's Football League that began play in the 2010 season.
Despite the namesake, there is no connection between the two teams and only one person related to this team from the original.
After negotiations with the Taylor County Expo Center fell through, the owners sought to find a suitable location to continue operations for the 2016 season.
In 2004 Lisa Horton became the first woman to throw a touchdown pass in a North America Football League game 
During the playoffs, the Stallions held off a very feisty Carolina Rhinos team that was looking to upset Augusta.
The Huonville Football Club, nicknamed The Lions, is an Australian rules football club currently playing in the Southern Football League in Tasmania, Australia.
The Erie Kats are 14 teams representing Erie Community College in intercollegiate athletics, including men and women's basketball, bowling, soccer, and swimming & diving.
The team's colors were black, orange, and white.
The AIFA maintained the lease rights to 1st Mariner Arena, so the Mariners were the league's replacement.
The original Lobsters were a charter member of the league in 1974, and folded after just one season.
The owl, a nocturnal hunter, was initially adopted as a symbol because Temple University began as a night school for young people of limited means.
The Cardinals compete as members of the Great Lakes Intercollegiate Athletic Conference for all 16 varsity sports.
The team was based in Rio Rancho, New Mexico, with home games played at the Santa Ana Star Center.
Among BW's most famous alumni related to athletics include Harrison Dillard, Lee Tressel, and Jim Tressel.Im a savage.
The football team, however, competes in the Colonial Athletic Association of the NCAA's Football Championship Subdivision, as the A-10 does not sponsor football.
They have men's and women's teams that compete in U Sports basketball, ice hockey, rugby union, soccer, swimming, and track and field.
Home games are played on the campus of Wissahickon High School in Ambler, Pennsylvania.
ŽVK Partizan is one of the sport clubs in Serbia that are part of sport society Partizan.
The American Basketball Association is an American semi-professional men's basketball minor league that was founded in 1999.
10 years after establishment, it had become a bandy and soccer-club only, since the early 1980s club's main focus is women's and girls' soccer.
The Florida Blacktips were a professional American football team, operating as a traveling team.
The Evansville Purple Aces are the intercollegiate sports teams and players of the University of Evansville, located in Evansville, Indiana, United States.
The kicker picked up a second SIFL award in Week 11 May 29.
They reformed in 1928, again with little success when they proceeded through both the 1928 and 1929 seasons without a win.
The Huskies have been a member of the PSAC since its foundation in 1951.
The two teams existed simultaneously until the Philadelphia Liberty Belles eventually folded.
The Augusta Stallions were a professional Arena football team based in Augusta, Georgia.
During their 14 years in Coquitlam, the Bulldogs compiled a very unimpressive record of 42 wins, 91 loses, and 2 ties.
The mascot, Sparky, is frequently seen at events.
Their only year in existence was 2007.
During the next decades the team was playing mostly in the Second Division, while in the 1956–57 Greek Cup was eliminated at the quarter-finals.
The team was based in Morristown, New Jersey, played their home games at the George Mennen arena and was sponsored by the U.S. Army.
They were also the only seasons in which the team had more wins than losses.
They played their home games at Jacksonville Coliseum.
The Hawks play in the Ontario Junior C Lacrosse League.
Nireas Lamias is an aquatic sports club, founded in 1998, in Lamia, Greece.
The Atlantic City CardSharks were a professional indoor football team based in Atlantic City, New Jersey.
The Golden Grizzlies have won 10 NCAA national championships and were runners-up 16 times.
Dynamo Moscow is a Russian sports club from Moscow which was founded in 1923.
They are currently a touring exhibition team that plays against junior and community colleges within the United States and Canada.
The team is owned by Buffalo Bills player Mario Williams.
The Carolina Speed began in the American Indoor Football Association where they played from 2007 till 2009.
The Irish team warmed up for the 2011 World Cup with a number of bouts against English leagues, starting with the Sheffield Steel Rollergirls.
The Pittsburgh Colts are the oldest minor-league professional football team, located in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, that is still in existence.
The Cougars compete in NCAA Division I and are members of the Western Athletic Conference, joining that conference on July 1, 2013.
The Warriors claimed two China Mobile International Cup Titles and two Friendly Challenge Series titles.
The team return to the tournament in 2013-II, where the team wins the championship.
They were members of the International Basketball League from 2005 to 2011.
The Wayne State Warriors represent Wayne State University, located in Detroit, Michigan.
Following the 2014 season, rumors circulated that the Wild may relocate due to poor attendance.
Vodnik won 11-9, with all goals scored in the game being own goals.
In 2007–08, Kutztown University added Women's Lacrosse and Women's Bowling to the list of varsity sports that it offers.
However, in late August, Richmond BizSense's writer Aaron Kremer reported that Charlie Hildbold, the general manager, was laid off.
In 2013, the Eagles were also a full time member of American Indoor Football, a professional league.
The Quad City Steamwheelers were a professional arena football team.
The BYU–Hawaii Seasiders are the 11 varsity athletic teams that represent Brigham Young University–Hawaii, located in Laie, Hawaii, in NCAA Division II intercollegiate sports.
The men's ice hockey team is a member of Atlantic Hockey, while the women's ice hockey team is a member of College Hockey America.
The St. Louis Slam is a women's professional American football team based in St. Louis, Missouri.
The Hawks compete in the MEAC for most sports and in the ECAC for volleyball, track and field, bowling and baseball.
The Cleveland Saints were a professional indoor football team based in Warrensville Heights, Ohio.
The Kansas City Tribe is a football team in the Women's Football Alliance based in Kansas City, Missouri.
, a Sarajevo based Brokerage House founded in 2002.
Based in San Diego, California, the Sting plays its home games in nearby Carlsbad at Carlsbad High School.
Galatasaray Men's Water Polo Team is the water polo team of the Turkish sports club Galatasaray S.K..
In 1901 Aldinga was involved in a brief merger with the Sellick's Hill Football Club to form the Hills United Football Club.
The school also has intramurals and extramurals, the latter of which compete with the City 6.
They played their home games at the Stabler Arena on the campus of Lehigh University in Bethlehem, Pennsylvania.
O’Sullivan Beach merged with the Lonsdale Football Club at the end of the 2001 to form the O'Sullivan Beach-Lonsdale Football Club for the following season.
The Pacers are four-time Founders Cup Canadian Junior B champions.
They played their home games at Chemeketa Community College.
In 1929, AIK offered to take over the club's track and field athletic.
The Hartford Lightning was a minor league basketball team of the American Professional Basketball League.
The Club play their home games at Bellerive Oval, Hobart's Test Cricket ground, they share the facilities with Tasmania's cricket team, the Tasmanian Tigers.
Before the event, coach Thigh-dal Wave stated that the team aimed to play against the United States and to beat Team New Zealand.
Recently a number of the Regina Cougar women's ice hockey team were featured in the filming of the Canadian comedy television series, Road Hockey Rumble.
Beresford announced his older brother Gordon Beresford as head coach of the Matrix in the inaugural 2009–10 season.
The team was most recently a member of the Continental Indoor Football League.
Rider is the only member that is not a Catholic institution.
While in the CoFL, the Hawks played in the Eastern Division of the Atlantic Conference.
The Bengals' in-state athletic rivals are the Boise State University Broncos and the University of Idaho Vandals.
The only exception is the rifle team, which participates in the Great America Rifle Conference because the SEC does not sponsor that sport.
It was announced on October 16, 2013, that a new team would replace the Roughnecks at the Ector County Coliseum in 2014- the West Texas Wildcatters.
The UIS Prairie Stars are the athletic teams that represent the University of Illinois at Springfield, located in Springfield, Illinois, in NCAA Division II intercollegiate sports.
Home games were played on the campus of Red Bank High School.
Owned by John Evans, the Falcons will play their home games at Tom Coughlin Stadium on the campus of Waterloo High School in Waterloo, New York.
The university's athletic teams compete in the National Collegiate Athletic Association's Division I in the Big 12 Conference.
Based in Augusta, Georgia, their home games will be played at the James Brown Arena.
The university is a member of the National Association of Intercollegiate Athletics, primarily competing in the Appalachian Athletic Conference.
The official student supporter group is known as the Rowdy Rams.
The Ore Mountain Club is one of the oldest and most tradition-steeped local history, mountain and hiking clubs in Germany.
The Golden Gophers also won conference championships in men's ice hockey, men's golf, women's rowing, men's swimming and diving, and women's indoor track and field.
The Marysville Meteors were a professional basketball team located in Marysville, Ohio, United States.
After the 2016 season, the AIF folded leaving the Steam to search for a new league.
Golden Eagles was selected in a student/alumni vote in the early 1972.
Budapesti Vasutas Sport Club is a water polo club from Budapest, Hungary.
The Fire started the 0–7 before they defeated the Carolina Rhinos 31–28 to improve to 1–7.
The school does not sponsor an American football team.
The Owner of the Sharks was CA Sports Entertainment LLC.
MIT Tech Team has represented India four times at the international ABU Robocon, in 2008, 2010, 2012 and 2013.
It competes in domestic competitions sanctioned by the Athletic Federation of Montenegro.
They played their home games at Rimrock Auto Arena at MetraPark.
The Yellow Jackets compete as members of the Mountain East Conference for all ten varsity sports.
Grycksbo IF is a sports club in Grycksbo, Sweden, established in 1908.
The Southern Connecticut Fighting Owls are the athletic teams that represent Southern Connecticut State University, located in New Haven, Connecticut, in NCAA Division II intercollegiate sports.
In 1991, the club disappeared from the German football scene, having been dissolved that year.
The Bay Area Bandits was a women's American football team that played from 2010 to 2012.
The Cincinnati Bearcats are the athletic teams that represent the University of Cincinnati.
Awadhe Warriors has La Martiniere Boys' College, Luckow, as its school partner.
The McGill Redmen and Martlets are the athletic teams that represent McGill University in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.
The Cambridge University Golf Club is the golf club for the University of Cambridge, England.
The teams compete against sister UC's and other California universities.
The Arkansas Razorbacks compete in the NCAA's Division I and is currently a member of the Southeastern Conference.
The Mid-Missouri Outlaws are a professional indoor football team which began play in 2006 and were a charter member of the Champions Professional Indoor Football League.
Zaanse Vereniging De Zaan is a Dutch water polo club from Zaandam.
When SAFA folded at the end of the 1995 season, Edwardstown transferred to the South Australian Amateur Football League P1 competition.
In Canadian intercollegiate competition, the Thunderbirds are the most successful athletic program both regionally in the Canada West Universities Athletic Association, and nationally in U Sports.
The California Vulcans are the intercollegiate sports teams and players that represent California University of Pennsylvania, which is located in California, Pennsylvania.
Home games are played at the Lithuanian World Center in Lemont, Illinois.
The Racine Rhinos are a women's professional American football team based in Racine, Wisconsin.
Murray Bushrangers is an Australian rules football team playing in TAC Cup since 1993 based in Wangaratta.
The Tars compete as members of the Sunshine State Conference for all 21 of 23 varsity sports.
It reformed the senior side in 2013 and it was undefeated all year in the SEQAFL State Div 4 northern competition.
The team originally competed in the World Football League.
No other 4-year institution in the state of Louisiana has more than one.
Kangarilla left the Hills Football League and joined the Southern Football League Division 2 competition in 1981, gaining promotion to Division 1 in 1984.
They played their home games at Madison Square Garden.
The Nighthawks played their inaugural game in Brooklandville at Martin D. Tullai Field.
Upon qualifying for the LCS the team was required by league rules to rebrand.
The women's ice hockey team will be a Division I independent for the 2017-18 season before joining Hockey East for the 2018-19 season.
Clio Schools operates a three-tier configuration for district schools.
Kanoa Leahey and Robert Kekaula served as the television announcers.
The Falcons on-campus facilities include Ramer Field, the Karges Center, and Hunt Arena.
AK Crvena zvezda is an athletic club from Belgrade, Serbia.
The Golden Gaters won two Western Division Championships and lost in the WTT Finals both times.
The Utah Utes are the athletic teams that represent the University of Utah.
The team was owned by Jerry Jones, who also owns the Dallas Cowboys.
The Roanoke Steam is a now-defunct af2 charter member franchise.
Home games are played at the campus of Savannah High School.
The Roanoke Maroons are the athletic teams that represent Roanoke College, located in Salem, Virginia, a suburban independent city adjacent to Roanoke, Virginia.
The Springfield Spirit was a women's professional basketball team in the National Women's Basketball League.
The Reds' most famous alumnus is former Major League All-Star and National League MVP Larry Walker.
The Truman Bulldogs are the sports teams of Truman State University, located in Kirksville, Missouri.
The Morphettville Park FC continues to field teams in Senior and Junior grades in the Southern Football League.
After leaving the Horizon League following the 2011–12 season, nearly all teams competed in the Atlantic 10 Conference.
The CenTex Barracudas was a professional indoor football team based out of Belton, Texas.
The Knights were also chosen over "Vincent the Vulture," which was a popular unofficial mascot among students at the time.
The sports teams at the University of Central Missouri are known as the Mules and Jennies.
The university previously competed in the NAIA before joining the NCAA in the mid-1990s.
Water Polo Club is the men's water polo team of the major Greek multi-sport club P.A.O.K., based in Thessaloniki.
The arena was completed in May 2013 and opened in June 2013.
Men's sports include baseball, football, and wrestling.
Cheer Extreme has over 850 National Champion titles.
The Owner of the Wild was Dan Hicks.
The California Eagles were a professional indoor football team based in Stockton, California.
UAH sponsors eight men's and eight women's varsity athletics programs.
The Freedom played their home games at the Sun National Bank Center.
The Gainesville Galaxy is a basketball team based in Gainesville, Florida.
The Savage Storm compete as members of the Great American Conference for all 10 varsity sports.
The Thunderbirds have won NJCAA national championships in women's basketball and men's soccer.
The bandy team plays in the new Ice Palace Krylatskoye in the outskirts of Moscow.
The William & Mary Tribe are the athletic teams for the College of William & Mary.
The Latrobe Football Club is an Australian rules football club based in the town of Latrobe in northern Tasmania.
The women's soccer season of 2004 was the first in the Swedish top division, Damallsvenskan, for the club, which qualified for yet another season.
The Mob are one of six teams currently competing in SlamBall.
Rome had their chance to win the game in the first overtime, but turned the ball over with 16 seconds on the clock.
The club draws from individuals from Guelph, Kitchener, Waterloo, Cambridge, Milton and other South-Western Ontario cities.
CS Femina-Sport Chișinău is a Moldovan sports society in Chișinău, Moldova.
The Revs ticket price is $10 a game.
It lost the 2004 Grand final replay by six points.
The nickname is also applied to club teams that do not participate within the NCAA structure.
The home ground is called Centennial Oval which is situated in the suburb of Centennial Park.
The Organization is composed entirely of volunteers.
Thee Toledo Reign is a women's full-contact tackle football team in the Women's Football Alliance.
They were coached by retired running back Chuck Fenenbock and their general manager was Al King.
The school's football stadium, Bronco Stadium, introduced its famous blue artificial turf in 1986.
The Thunder initially announced Robarts Arena as their home venue, though they played all their games on the road.
The team was coached by Guy Benjamin and Chad Carlson in 2002.
In 1956 was founded the club Nautical Athletic Club of Glyfada,.
The Mavericks currently compete in the NCAA Division I Sun Belt Conference in 15 varsity sports.
The North Texas Knockouts were a team of the Women's Spring Football League set to play in the WSFL's 2012 season.
The Citadel Bulldogs are the athletic teams that represent The Citadel, The Military College of South Carolina.
Home games are played at Roncolli High School.
The team was founded by owner/general manager Eric Bailey in 2009 and was operated by YHF Entertainment, LLC.
In 2017, the Vixen changed leagues and joined the Women's Football Allianceand will compete in the Great Plains Division.
The other five are in the Women's Football Alliance, which the Chaos was originally going to be part of.
IFK Uppsala Bandy is the bandy department of the IFK Uppsala sports club.
He had moved to Virginia to help launch the indoor arena football team.
In 2007 the club was dissolved by amalgamating with Värmbol-Katrineholm BK, forming the new club Katrineholm Värmbol BS.
This team is not to be confused with the Buffalo Stampede of the Premier Basketball League.
The Alabama Hawks were a professional American football team based in Huntsville, Alabama.
Ljusdal have a supporters group called "Ljusdal Lightnings".
William Jewell has been a full member of the GLVC since 2011.
The Spitfire announced in January 2011 that they will not be fielding a team for the 2011 season and are defunct and no longer exist.
In March 2013, it was confirmed that the "Catholic 7", along with three other schools, would begin operations that July as a new Big East Conference.
The team plays their home games at Mackie Park.
In addition to basketball, UAB also has programs in men's sports for baseball, golf, soccer, and tennis.
Teams play in the Atlantic Coast Conference, beginning in the 2014 season.
The Miami Inferno was a professional indoor football team which was a member of the Ultimate Indoor Football League.
The Wolverines participate in the Western Athletic Conference.
The football team competes in the Missouri Valley Football Conference while most other teams compete in the Missouri Valley Conference.
Notably, the coach declined to join the new entity.
Finally, the team featured several former Huskies.
Emmaboda IS is a sports club in Emmaboda, Sweden, established in 1927.
Nowadays, there are over 150 boys and girls from year 7 to 12 training in the club.
The mascot of California is Blaze the Vulcan.
He is making an attempt to bring bandy to the Philippines.
Slottsbrons IF is a sports club in Slottsbron, Sweden, playing bandy and association football.
The Emerald Coast Barracudas were a women's American football team in the Women's Football Alliance.
The Hitmen were one of the teams to play in the XFL's inaugural game.
Soon afterwards, they were reinstated into the ABA.
The club celebrated its 50th anniversary in 2009.
The American Basketball Association is an American semi-professional men's basketball minor league that was founded in 1999.
Camay was named SIFL Special Teams MVP July 8, 2011, and was joined on the SIFL All-Star Team by Nemeth, Turner and Huff.
The program features 15 varsity sports teams.
Marion's Guernsey is predominantly green with a gold sash, like Richmond's Guernsey in the AFL.
McLaren only remained until the end of the 2000 season, when they transferred to the Great Southern Football League.
Both the men's and women's teams play in the top division in 2017-18, Handbollsligan and Svensk handbollselit respectively.
was founded in 1919 by the football players of the team.
The Majic are owned by Dr. Joel Wallach, and after the resignation of head coach Rick Hughes, Acie Earl was named the new head coach.
Field hockey and wrestling participate in NCAA Division I as members of the Atlantic 10 Conference and Eastern Wrestling League respectively.
The women's field hockey team competes in an Atlantic league where the winner is then allowed to compete in the Canadian Interuniversity Sport playoffs.
The E-Z Riders played only one season before suspending operations just before the start of the 1975 season, and later folding.
The Venom were founded in 2009, as an expansion member of the American Indoor Football Association.
They participate in the National Junior College Athletic Association and in the Kansas Jayhawk Community College Conference.
The Thorobreds and Thorobrettes are members of the Southern Intercollegiate Athletic Conference.
The Matadors field 17 teams in nineteen sports.
The club is named after Apollo, the mythical Greek god and its colors are red and black.
Additionally, the Blizzard hired Boston Celtics legend K. C. Jones as Head coach in 1997.
On March 31, 2014, the team announced that Ridnour was stepping down as coach and former assistant Tyler Amaya was named as his replacement.
Chris May is the current director of athletics of the St. Louis Billikens.
Kalmar BTK is a table tennis club in Kalmar, Sweden.
They participate in the NAIA and in the Heart of America Athletic Conference.
Delhi Smashers is a badminton franchise owned by Krrish Group for the Indian Badminton League.
The club started in the Southern Football League competition in 2002 where they have remained since, fielding teams in Senior and some Junior grades.
Its roster consists entirely of players who have played high school football in the Rochester and Genesee Valley region.
The American Basketball Association is an American semi-professional men's basketball minor league that was founded in 1999.
They play their home games at Wells Fargo Arena, known in indoor football circles as "The Well".
PK Bosna is a swimming club from Sarajevo, Bosnia.
Following the establishment of the University of North Georgia in 2013, the school's nickname was changed to the "Nighthawks," to help unify the merging schools.
From 2007-2009, the Thunder competed in the Independent Women's Football League.
The Northwood Timberwolves are the athletic teams that represent Northwood University, located in Midland, Michigan, in NCAA Division II intercollegiate sporting competitions.
Because many of its players serve on full-time missions for two years, BYU's athletes are often older on average than other schools' players.
The two major sports at the university are football and basketball, although many of the other sports have large followings as well.
The Tampa Spartans are the athletic teams that represent the University of Tampa, located in Tampa, Florida, in NCAA Division II intercollegiate sports.
İzmir Büyükşehir Belediyespor is active in a total of 21 branches, including paralympic and many olympic sports.
However, the school newspaper, The Diamondback, wanted a better nickname.
The Saskatoon Quakers were an ice hockey team that was based in Saskatoon, Saskatchewan, Canada.
Their home games are played at Luis Estrada Medina "El Convento".
Missouri State competes in the NCAA Division I Football Championship Subdivision, and most teams compete in the Missouri Valley Conference.
Based in Marshall, the Saberkats were originally going to play in the National Women's Football Association before moving to the WFA.
The Club used to play in the Yugoslav Volleyball League and today plays in the Premier League of Volleyball of Bosnia and Herzegovina.
The SIUE mascot is Eddie the Cougar #57, and the school colors are red and white.
Club Natació Atlètic-Barceloneta is a Spanish water polo club from Barcelona, established in 1913.
Oxy is also a nickname for the college.
On November 10, 2012, the Lock Haven Bald Eagles defeated the Cheyney Wolves by a score of 15-7, ending their record losing streak at 52 games.
Ormond Amateur Football Club is the second-oldest suburban club in the Victorian Amateur Football Association.
The team became the Soldiers in 2012 when they returned to the IBL, their final season with the Salem Sabres entering the league the next year.
They were members of American Indoor Football for the 2015 season.
The CSA Steaua București Athletics section was created in 1947 and is one of the most successful athletics teams in Romania.
The Sydney High School Rifle Club was established in 1883.
The Strings featured Chris Evert as a player and Ilie Năstase as the coach on their 1978 WTT championship team.
The Ephs' nickname is a shortened form of the name of Ephraim Williams, the college's founder.
D'Youville enrolls approximately 500 Canadian students and an almost equal split between students enrolled in undergraduate and graduate degree programs.
They are in the Eastern Division with the DC Breeze, Montreal Royal, Ottawa Outlaws, Philadelphia Phoenix, and Toronto Rush.
For the 2012 World Team Tennis season, the team returned to play its home matches at Capitals Stadium at Sunrise Mall.
The club previously competed in the Northern Tasmanian Football League but from 2009 it joined the newly reformed Tasmanian State League.
Some sources refer to them as the Beijing Olympicians.
The team joined the Champions Professional Indoor Football League in 2013 as an expansion member for the 2014 season.
The club has been playing in the top-tier Elitserien on and off for many seasons.
The CSA Steaua București Fencing section was created in 1947 and is one of the most successful fencing teams in Romania.
The Lions were founded in 2006 as an expansion team of the World Indoor Football League.
They previously played as the Memphis Pharaohs and Portland Forest Dragons.
The men's basketball, football, wrestling, men's lacrosse, and women's basketball teams play in the Carrier Dome.
They have been a member of the NAIA II since 2010.
The Kinglake Football Club was officially formed in 1925 and is today based at the Kinglake Memorial Oval, Cnr Extons Rd & Kinglake-Whittlesea Rd, Kinglake.
Most of the university's athletic teams compete at the NCAA Division I level in the Western Athletic Conference.
It was defunct for seven years in 1967-1974 and didn't return to the top division until the 1980-81 season.
WTT suspended operations of the league shortly thereafter.
The Bull City Legacy is a member of the Tobacco Road Basketball League based in Durham, North Carolina which began play in 2014.
The Thunderhawks did not field a team in 2011.
In addition to being Philadelphia's second arena/indoor team, the Yellow Jackets were named in honor of Philadelphia's first National Football League team, the Frankford Yellow Jackets.
The Stonehill Skyhawks are the intercollegiate athletic teams that represent Stonehill College, located in Easton, Massachusetts, in NCAA sporting competitions.
A thin layer on the outside of the nodules is usually different in colour, typically white and rough in texture.
Avenel shares a fierce rivalry with neighbours Nagambie.
The Legends were in violation for having an illegal roster, for they added some players to their rosters illegally.
The achievement was considered a major upset.
Circolo Canottieri Ortigia, also known as Ortigia Siracusa, is an Italian water polo club from Syracuse established in 1928.
It is owned by Chris Burdette and his wife, 1991 world champion and 1992 Olympics bronze medalist Kim Zmeskal-Burdette.
The previous record of 46 was held by the Minnesota-Morris Cougars; that streak ran from November 14, 1998 - September 20, 2003.
It has also won nine national championships and eleven national cups, most recently attaining its sixth double in 2011.
The Lacrosse Museum and National Hall of Fame, governed by US Lacrosse, is located on the Homewood campus and is adjacent to Homewood Field.
For many years from the 1960s through the 1990s, Warrior basketball games attracted the largest and rowdiest basketball crowds in the country.
The Lehigh Valley Storm team is a recreational football program that competes in Gridiron Developmental Football League.
The Oklahoma Sooners are the athletic teams that represent the University of Oklahoma, located in Norman.
The Georgia Warriors are a World Basketball Association franchise in Cartersville, Georgia.
The owner of the Steelhawks is Glenn Clark.
The team joined the Murray Football League in 2006.
The Heroes were usually known for featuring many former Marshall University football players from the Marshall Thundering Herd program located in Huntington.
It is best known for its women's water polo team, which has won four national championships since 2000.
The Coyotes played in the Eastern Division of the National Conference in the Arena Football League.
The Owner of the Enforcers was K.C.
In 2008 the Club won the C Grade premiership, defeating Hampton Rovers 15.12 to 9.10.
Drury has been a member of the GLVC since 2005.
In 1980, Happy Valley joined the Southern Football League Division 2 competition and in 1984 were promoted to Division 1.
The Clemson Tigers field seventeen athletic teams.
Chinese social networking site YY acquired a Korean team to promote their newly renamed online streaming service in Korea.
The Northern Knights are an Australian rules football club playing in the TAC Cup, an under-18 competition in Victoria, Australia.
Texas A&M's official school colors are maroon and white.
Traditional rivals in football include long running rivalries with the Ole Miss Rebels and Tulane Green Wave.
The club has also won the West End Cup in 1998/99, the inaugural 20 x 20 SACA competition in 2003/04 and again in 2009/10
The college has a student to faculty ratio of 20:1.
They started off in the American Conference, before switching divisions in every year of their existence.
Based in West Valley City, Utah, the Jynx play their home games on the campus of Taylorsville High School.
There were four players that played with the franchise all five years, Ashley Bembow-Scarbough, Terri Gilchrist, Jessica Plunkett, and Sharon Tatum.
The women's soccer team, which was started in 1969, played three seasons in the Swedish top division between 1978–1980.
The school colors are Scarlet and White.
In 2013 The Owner of the Rage became Melissa Logsdon.
Coastal has developed in-state rivalries with Charleston Southern, Clemson, College of Charleston, Furman, Presbyterian, South Carolina, South Carolina State, The Citadel, USC Upstate, Winthrop, and Wofford.
Also known as "the Tigers", the club was formed in 1969 and competes in the Darwin Baseball League, latterly known as Baseball NT.
They also had a 54-game home winning streak.
The Jets play their senior home games at Salisbury Oval, Salisbury, South Australia.
Between 1990 and 1993 Savona won two national championships and three national cups and reached the 1992 European Cup final, lost to Jadran Split.
The fight song, "All Hail, Northeastern," was composed by Charles A. Pethybridge, Class of 1932.
The 6ft 1in point guard played at Azusa Pacific University, where he was acknowledged nationally as an NAIA All-American in 1998 and 1999.
The team wanted to play at Abe Lemons Arena on the campus of Oklahoma City University; however, the university backed out.
The Dallas Desperados were a professional arena football team based in Dallas, Texas.
Damon "Redd" Thompson, Bryan Still, DeAndre Green, and Marcel Willis were the team's top receivers.
The Bears compete in the NCAA Division II and are members of the South Atlantic Conference.
The team competed in the Serie A1 and plays its games in Felice Scandone pool.
It was founded in 1923 changing its name several times before becoming Lokomotiv Irkutsk in 1947.
The club's colours are blue and white.
They are in their 28th season in the Elitserien.
It was established in 1862 and is considered as the oldest polo club of the world which is still in existence.
Partizan's home terrain is the pool which is part of the Sportski centar Voždovac on Banjica complex.
In 2008 the club started a women's softball team, which participates at the Greek Softball Championship.
Founded in 2001, the team qualified for the playoffs 11 out of 12 seasons and won one AFL championship, ArenaBowl XX in 2006.
It is named after a former superintendent of Raleigh public schools Jesse O. Sanderson.
The university is a member of the Big Ten Conference and the Cornhuskers compete in NCAA Division I, fielding 22 varsity teams in 15 sports.
Kangarilla were realigned into Division 3 of the Hills Football League in 1972, and then promoted for two seasons to Division 1 in 1979.
Only after the political events of Die Wende in 1990 was it newly founded in the Ore Mountains.
The club's colors are blue and white.
The Ogden Knights were a professional indoor football team that began play in the American Indoor Football Association in the 2009 season.
Past Johns Hopkins lacrosse teams have represented the United States in international competition.
The Vaqueros inherited the NCAA Division I status of the Texas–Pan American Broncs and compete in the Western Athletic Conference.
The West Virginia Wild were a proposed professional indoor football team based in Huntington, West Virginia.
Dynamo was created in accordance with the multi-sports club model developed in the Soviet Union and adopted throughout Eastern Europe.
The Cowley College volleyball team won the NJCAA DII National Championship in 2011 and 2013.
Previously, the winner took home the Peace Pipe, a Native American peace pipe placed upon a wood tablet.
Games were played at Pierce Field in East Providence, Rhode Island.
The club has won 14 A grade premierships with the last being in 2016/17, breaking a 10-year premiership drought.
Remaining in the IFL, the team moved to Texas to become the Allen Wranglers for the 2011 and 2012 seasons.
The Golden Eagles compete as members of the Mountain East Conference for all varsity sports except men's volleyball.
The St. Edward's Hilltoppers are the athletic teams that represent St. Edward's University, located in Austin, Texas, in NCAA Division II intercollegiate sporting competitions.
The Blue Devils play in the OLA Junior B Lacrosse League.
The Aces officially reported their average home attendance in 2014, as 2,155.
The Aurora Cavalry is a defunct basketball team from the International Basketball League.
The team is captained by Jwala Gutta.
The school's sports teams are called the Owls.
Historically, the most successful sports team of X.A.N.T.H.
In the 2011 season, Berrigan were premiers in the PDFL.
The Colorado Crush is a professional indoor football team currently playing as a member of the Indoor Football League.
The team participated in the Women's Spring Football League in 2011 and 2012.
They almost equaled their great success in 2012 with 4 gold medals and 1 bronze in 2016.
By the mid 70's rugby at Bowdoin had fizzled out when a student named Tom Gimbel started it anew.
They play their home games at the Resch Center in Ashwaubenon, Wisconsin.
Edsbyns IF has played in the highest bandy league in Sweden from 1945–1969 and then again since 1971.
The team competes in the Országos Bajnokság I.
The New Haven Chargers are the athletic teams that represent the University of New Haven, located in New Haven, Connecticut, in NCAA Division II intercollegiate sports.
Home games are played at West Memorial Field on the campus of Manchester High School West.
The club has played 32 seasons in the Swedish top division.
Amager Demons are members of the Danish American Football Federation.
Prior to the 2017–18 season, that swim and dive team competed in the Coastal Collegiate Sports Association.
The West Dublin Rhinos are an American Football team playing in Castleknock College in Dublin.
Despite going into the game with high expectations, they lost to the defending champion Quad City Steamwheelers.
They are a women's team and are based in Fremantle.
The women's team finished 4th in the 2009 Finals series, losing the bronze medal match to the Fremantle Marlins by one goal.
There are eight men's and seven women's teams that compete in the National Collegiate Athletic Association Division I athletics and the Football Bowl Subdivision.
The Point Skyhawks are the athletic teams for Point University in West Point, Georgia.
The school's colors are black and gold.
The team played two seasons as the Buffalo Rapids and Buffalo Silverbacks before suspending operations.
The Idaho Vandals are the intercollegiate athletic teams representing the University of Idaho, located in Moscow.
Current Arena League Commissioner Jerry B. Kurz coached the Metros and Ray Jauch coached the Vise.
The Dolphins compete as members of Northeast-10 Conference.
Flint is a hard, sedimentary cryptocrystalline form of the mineral quartz, categorized as a variety of chert.
The team was a member of the North Division of the Continental Indoor Football League.
South Alabama has Sun Belt rivalries with all of the East Division schools.
The Knights were based in Ogden, Utah, with home games to be played at the Golden Spike Arena.
With the fight taken out of the Warriors, the Gladiators pulled away to claim a 125-114 double-overtime win.
Founded in November 2003, its home stadium is Ruca Che Stadium, Central Park Gym and currently Picún Leufú.
In 1975, Brighton Methodist FC shifted to Mawson High School Oval and in 1977 was renamed the Brighton Tigers Football Club.
The women's bandy team played seven seasons in the Swedish top division.
Originally branded as the Windy City Wildfire, the team has been a top team in the division since its establishment in 2013.
The Titans will begin play in the PBL for the 2014 season.
All other teams play on various fields around the campus.
The Wildcats joined the AF2 in 2002 as an expansion team, after the league granted an expansion franchise to Fayetteville, North Carolina.
The first three occurred in back-to-back-to-back fashion from 1988 to 1990, and the final one occurred in 1992.
They were also a charter member of the Continental Basketball League.
The Arkansas State Red Wolves are the athletic teams of Arkansas State University.
Team Spain Roller Derby or the Spanish Roller Derby National Team represents Spain in international roller derby competitions such as the Roller Derby World Cup.
The Armed Police Force Club, commonly known as the APF Club, is a departmental armed police sporting club of Nepal.
The team was owned by Doug McGregor, Rick Dykes, and Bart Reagor.
Based in Savannah, Georgia, the Sabers play their home games in Savannah at Memorial Stadium.
Missouri S&T Miners refers to the students, graduates, and sports teams of Missouri University of Science and Technology.
In 1928, Reynella merged with the Morphett Vale Football Club and joined the Southern Football Association.
They won their first game in frachise history on March 30, 2008.
The Toronto-Buffalo Royals were a charter franchise of World Team Tennis founded by John F. Bassett and John C. Eaton, III.
Loyola's fight song, "Howl for the Hounds," was written by Andrew R. Grillo and Michael R. Sellitto and unveiled in November 2003.
They won the championship in their first and only season with the IFL.
The Rams' football team plays the University of Colorado, often at Invesco Field at Mile High in Denver, in a game called the "Rocky Mountain Showdown."
Others from Finley to have represented VFL/AFL clubs include Allan Jeans, Jack Hawkins, Darren Jackson and Bert Taylor
The Yankalilla Football Club is an Australian rules football club first formed in the 1889.
The Bethany Swedes, historically as the Terrible Swedes, are the athletic teams that represent Bethany College in Lindsborg, Kansas.
JMU's women's athletics tradition is among the oldest in the nation, dating nearly back to the institution's founding in 1908.
The club wears a red, yellow and black jumper and has the mascot the Sharks.
The South Alabama Jaguars represent the University of South Alabama in NCAA Division I intercollegiate athletics.
That inaugural season was only as an exhibition team, and the Outlaws finished with a 1-1 record.
The team ceased operations in January 2010 with announced intentions to return for the 2010-11 season.
The team was based in Greenville, South Carolina, with home games played at the BI-LO Center.
The university's campus is home to many on-campus athletic facilities including TDECU Stadium, Hofheinz Pavilion, and Darryl & Lori Schroeder Park.
CS Plebiscito Padova is an Italian water polo club based in Padua.
They are the football team that represents the Smithton Football Club in the NWFL.
Though they never won a title, the Blizzard consistently drew the most fans of any ABL franchise.
The swim team competes in the Bluegrass Mountain Conference, and the field hockey and wrestling teams are members of the ECAC–Division II.
The Moccasins compete as members of the Sunshine State Conference for all 19 varsity sports.
CSKA is a Bulgarian sports society from Sofia, Bulgaria.
Washburn is a member of the NCAA Division II and the Mid-America Intercollegiate Athletics Association.
These varsity programs involve more than 550 Marist student-athletes.
The Storm plays its home games at Smyrna Recreation Complex in Smyrna, Ga, just outside Atlanta.
The Turfcats played their home games at Luedecke Arena at the Travis County Exposition Center.
The club's greatest success came in 1988, when it won its sole German Bowl, followed by a losing appearance in the game in 1989.
IF Boltic was for a number of years the most successful bandy team in Sweden and also one of the best in the world.
The Prague Black Panthers are an American football team based in Prague, Czech Republic.
It is composed of two teams: an elite first team, the Radcliffe Chimeras, and a reserve second team, the Quidlings.
The football team was an independent for the 2013 season due to a major wave of departures from the WAC that left just two football-playing schools.
The Austin Outlaws are a women's football team in the Women's Football Alliance.
Royal Club is a Chinese professional League of Legends team that competes in the League of Legends Pro League.
Later that month he reached a settlement on the civil charges.
Their peak in that competition came with a grand final loss to Echunga in 1955, whilst their reserves won the B-Grade premiership that season.
In the spring of 2016, the Warriors joined the Mid-South Conference for football.
The university participates as a member of the Pac-12 Conference at the National Collegiate Athletic Association Division I Football Bowl Subdivision level.
The Columbia University Lions are the collective athletic teams and their members from Columbia University, an Ivy League institution in New York City, United States.
But in March 2012, Bjork accepted the job as athletic director at Ole Miss.
They still compete against close rivals Waaia, however now do not have the traditional rival match against Strathmerton, as they are in the North West Division.
Lauderdale Football Club is an Australian rules football club based in the Hobart, beachside suburb of Lauderdale.
Újpesti TE created a fencing section in 1922, which had one of the most successful teams in Hungary.
San José State University sponsors teams in seven men's and thirteen women's NCAA sanctioned sports:
The Harrisburg Horizon are a professional basketball team based in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania, in the United States.
The cup is awarded to the team that wins the game between the two sides each year.
The association football team played their home games at Hjärttorpsvallen near Tenhultsvägen.
The team announced it would fold after the 2016 season.
The Rochester Raiders were a professional indoor football team based in the Rochester, New York area.
Grizzlies games were broadcast live on KCBF.
Tatabányai Vízmű Sportegyesület is a water polo club from Tatabánya, Hungary.
Today the women's teams also use the nickname Warriors.
The squad also performs at different university events and functions.
The teams colors were a combination of Black and Navy Blue, with the minor color of Gray.
The American Basketball Association is an American semi-professional men's basketball minor league that was founded in 1999.
Yankalilla continue to field Senior and Junior teams in the Great Southern Football League.
They now belong to the new Arena Football 1 league.
Former club captain Shane Deitz was the club's first Southern Redbacks team player.
The Carolina Cougarz was established in February 2016 and disbanded in June 2016.
The Lions are a member of the National Collegiate Athletic Association Division II and compete within the Gulf South Conference.
Sam Houston State sports teams participate in NCAA Division I for football) in the Southland Conference.
Currently the home games are played at Woodward High School.
Each team owner paid a US$75,000 franchise fee.
The Racers athletic program is a member of the Ohio Valley Conference and competes at the NCAA Division I level including the Football Championship Subdivision.
The Fort Worth Cavalry were an Arena Football League team which operated for a single season, 1994, in the National Conference.
They participate in the National Junior College Athletic Association and in the Kansas Jayhawk Community College Conference.
In 2011, 16 of Lafayette's 23 teams academic performance scored within the top ten percent of their respective sport.
CSU has won 9 MWC tournament championships and won or shared 11 regular season titles.
The Jackson State Tigers and Lady Tigers represent Jackson State University, Jackson, Mississippi, in NCAA intercollegiate athletics.
The New Haven Ninjas were an indoor American football team based in New Haven, Connecticut.
They are members of the East Division in the Elite Football League of India.
Katunga traditionally hosted the Picola & District Football League Grand Final.
They filled a void in women's football in Orlando left by the demise of the Independent Women's Football League's Orlando Mayhem.
The men's bandy team, popular known as the "Yellow Peril", has played 16 seasons in the Swedish top division.
The Capitals played as members of American Indoor Football from 2013 to 2016.
Its corporate sponsor is Zhejiang Chouzhou Commercial Bank, while its mascot is a Golden bull.
Dearborn Heights District 7 is one of the three public school districts in Dearborn Heights, Michigan.
The La Salle Explorers are the varsity sports teams from La Salle University in Philadelphia.
They are already 2–0 in the early going of the season, with wins over Rome and Memphis.
They played in the Western Professional Hockey League for five seasons, from 1996 to 2001.
The Brampton Excelsiors are Junior "A" box lacrosse team from Brampton, Ontario, Canada.
In 2005, local Boston businessman Bahar Uttam relaunched the team.
The team did not field a team in 2013.
Wollongong Warriors are a part of the Australian Quidditch Association, the governing body of Australian Quidditch, which is a constituent part of the International Quidditch Association.
Although the team played only three friendly games in 2010, since 2011 they were a full member of the domestic American football competitions.
The New England Steamrollers were a former Arena Football League based in Providence, Rhode Island.
The club is part of the University Sport Society USD Bosna.
Texas A&M-Kingsville participates in the NCAA Division II and is a longtime member of the Lone Star Conference.
The club is part of the sports society JSD Partizan.
The Arena was an old-fashioned, intimate setting for a basketball game, but its seating capacity of about 5,000 limited the team's upside attendance potential.
Today the club has operations in three cities - Belgrade, Novi Sad and Kikinda.
"I had bad luck in finding people that could operate the team efficiently.
The Panthers compete in the NCAA Division I and are members of the Southwestern Athletic Conference.
The Prairie Stars compete as members of the East Division of the Great Lakes Valley Conference.
The Venom began play in 2004 as the Amarillo Dusters, a charter member of the Intense Football League, a small indoor football league based in Texas.
The winner, freshman Margaret Hamlin, received a prize of $10 for "Zippers".
The team was founded in 2014 when the league expanded to the west coast.
It is a member of the Cycling Federation of Serbia.
The Rebels play in the OLA Junior B Lacrosse League.
Russell Athletic is the current sponsor of the Alabama State University Athletic Department.
The Memphis Maniax was an American football team based in Memphis, Tennessee.
The Blizzard played most of its home games in the Hartford Civic Center, but occasionally the team played at the smaller Springfield Civic Center.
Clio Area School District is a public school district in Genesee County in the U.S. state of Michigan and in the Genesee Intermediate School District.
The programs' mascot is the Bona Wolf and colors are brown and white.
It is currently best known for its women's team, which won two LEN Trophies in 2004 and 2005.
As a result, he could not have unsupervised contact with girls under 18, except for his daughter.
The club is known amongst the other Swedish clubs for having a strong international culture with players from all over the world.
The choice was purportedly inspired by the first stanza of Lord Byron's The Destruction of Sennacherib:
Southern University's 13 athletic teams participate in the Southwestern Athletic Conference which is a part of the NCAA Division I.
Minnesota State athletics teams have placed favorably in national competitions in NCAA Division II Athletics in Hockey, Football and Baseball.
North Carolina A&T fields varsity teams in 13 sports, five for men and eight for women.
The Wyoming Cowboys and Cowgirls are the athletic teams that represent the University of Wyoming.
In 1957 it joined NCAA Division II.
After the Force canceled its last game of the 2010 season without an explanation, the SIFL dropped the Force for the 2011 season.
The Saint Joseph's Hawks are the varsity athletic teams at Saint Joseph's University of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania in the United States.
Peiraikos Syndesmos or simply Peiraikos, also written Piraikos Syndesmos, is one of the oldest sports clubs in Greece, based in Piraeus.
Following the 2016 season, the AIF ceased operations, leaving the Jaguars without a league.
Women's sports include basketball, cross country, field hockey, golf, lacrosse, soccer, softball, swimming, tennis, indoor/outdoor track and field, and volleyball.
The Lafayette Roughnecks was arena football team based in Lafayette, Louisiana.
However, while the Energy competes in Tier I, the Cyclones were expected to compete in Tier II.
The Raleigh Flyers are a professional ultimate team from Raleigh, North Carolina playing in the South Division of the American Ultimate Disc League.
The Golden Hurricanes are the athletic teams that represent the University of Tulsa.
Iraklis traces its roots back in 1899 when Omilos Filomouson was established.
The Harvard Crimson are the athletic teams of Harvard University.
On 23 August 2011 the club announced its withdrawal from the Swedish women's bandy top division following lack of players.
They played their home games at the Barton Coliseum in Little Rock.
Home games are played at the Ida H. Goode gymnasium on the campus of Bennett College.
Even though the StubHub Center, home of the Los Angeles Galaxy is located on the campus of CSUDH, the Toros do not play there.
The Steelheads were the 2006 CBA Eastern Conference champions.
The Occidental Tigers is the nickname for athletics at the Occidental College.
Based in Lynchburg, Virginia, they play their home games in Downtown Lynchburg at the Lynchburg City Armory.
Ethnikos Piraeus is a Greek multisport club based in Piraeus.
In the 2011–12 season, Benjamin Darling, a former coach of the East Bay Pitbulls, was introduced to the team as the general manager.
The Trenton Freedom was a professional indoor football team based in Trenton, New Jersey.
They were a member of the Central Division of the National Conference of the Arena Football League.
After the 2010 IWFL season and since then, nothing has ever been heard of the Nemesis.
The JSU mascot is Cocky the Gamecock, and the school colors are red and white.
The club debuted in 1997 in second division of the Goulburn Valley Football League and finished fourth.
Playing in the highest of the two leagues in Sweden, Elitserien it was the runner-up team during the 2013/2014 season where they lost against archrivals Hellas.
The Fighting Knights compete as members of the Sunshine State Conference for all 14 varsity sports.
The Explorers compete in Division I of the National Collegiate Athletic Association as members of the Atlantic 10 Conference.
The Saluzzo Race Walking School is an international race walking school in Saluzzo, Piedmont, Italy.
The Bombers played their home games at the Bicentennial Center in Salina.
WOGA is widely known for its prestige within the U.S. because of the creditable history that they uphold.
The club plays most of its home games at the Yiwu Gymnasium but occasionally hosts contests at other locations in Zhejiang Province.
They played their home games at The Norfolk Scope Arena in Norfolk, Virginia.
On May 24, 2010, the PBL announced that the league was severing ties with the Stampede.
In season 2015–16 they won the Greek Championship undefeated, winning 19 out of 19 games in both the regular season and the play-offs.
The Memorial Sea-Hawks are the athletic teams that represent Memorial University of Newfoundland in St. John's, Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada.
The Bears compete in NCAA Division I, with the football team competing at the FCS level, and most teams are members of the Big Sky Conference.
The Wenatchee Valley Venom were a professional indoor football team based in Wenatchee, Washington.
In parallel, others were requested by the national badminton team of Greece.
Women's teams compete in basketball, cross-country, swimming and diving, golf, rowing, soccer, tennis, track and field, and volleyball.
They compete in the Wisconsin Intercollegiate Athletic Conference in all sports except men's and women's ice hockey, which competes in the Northern Collegiate Hockey Association.
Until 1986, the Stars competed in the NCAA Division I Horizon League, which was known as the Midwestern City Conference at that time.
Waverley Hockey Club is located in the eastern suburbs of Melbourne, Australia, and competes in Hockey Victoria competitions.
The Murray State Racers are the intercollegiate athletic teams representing Murray State University, located in Murray, Kentucky, United States.
The founder of the Fresno Heatwave was Albert Ellis and Richard Hanna.
When the Central Goulburn FL finished in 2005 the club was unsuccessful in applying for admittance into the Goulburn Valley Football League.
The women's bandy sextion was started in 2004, taking over Nässjö IF's women's bandy team.
Carlstad Crusaders is a Swedish American football team, based in Karlstad.
In the placement round, they beat Team New Zealand 180 to 129, to finish in seventh place.
The school is a member of the Colleges That Change Lives and one of the Great Books Colleges.
It is the largest school in Pichilemu, with 534 students in the 2015 school year.
The Tigers joined the Women's Spring Football League in 2011 and will play their first WSFL season in the spring of 2012.
The players who represented this team in the 2015 season were Rainer Schuettler, Fernando Verdasco, Heather Watson and Vishnu Vardhan.
From their inaugural season in 2007 until 2010, the Punishers played in the Independent Women's Football League.
The Astros have won the Capital Bowl a total of four times: 2001, 2002, 2003 and 2004.
The name comes from the owls in Rice's crest.
The Cleveland Thunderbolts were an Arena football team based in Richfield, Ohio.
Team colors are maize and blue, though these are different shades of "maize" and "blue" than those used by the university at large.
The owner of the Reapers was to have been Mike Zak, Sr.
Formerly, the UOIT Ridgebacks had a tennis program.
Pannaxiakos Athlitikos Omilos, commonly referred to as Pannaxiakos , is a Greek sports club based in Naxos.
Noarlunga eventually reformed in 1951 and rejoined the Southern Football Association, where they have remained since.
VK Primorje is a Croatian water polo club based in Rijeka.
The team joined the Continental Indoor Football League in 2014 as an expansion team.
The school colors are Red and Black.
Spring sports for women include golf, softball, and water polo.
The men's cross country team won the NCAA title in 1964 and 1965.
The Assindia Cardinals are an American football team from Essen, Germany.
They were a member of the United States Hockey League.
The team runs an active, up-to-date website to provide recruiting and schedule information to their fans, as well as a YouTube channel for video review.
They are members of the Champions Indoor Football league.
An overtime loss at Strong Island was followed by a seven-game win streak ended by Quebec City in Barre, the team's first-ever home loss.
The school's primary conference is the Atlantic Sun Conference.
They also won the 2000 IFL Championship.
Per their website, full ownership or ownership shares of the team are available.
They perform at athletic events on the BYU campus and compete in national events in various genres including jazz and hip-hop.
The program is a member of the Patriot League for NCAA Division I sports, Division I FCS in football.
The Winnipeg Wesmen are the athletic teams that represent the University of Winnipeg in Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada.
The Pensacola Barracudas were an arena football team based in Pensacola, Florida.
For a number of years after that it operated a youth department before fielding a senior team once more beginning in 2009.
On May 28, 2015, the Bombers organization folded, citing a business decision after being ejected from the CIF.
UC Merced sports that compete intercollegiately are men's and women's cross country, men's and women's volleyball, men's and women's soccer, and men's and women's basketball.
The men's bandy team played in the Swedish top division during the season of 1972–1972.
On February 16, 2017, the NCAA approved Liberty's football program move to the FBS for the 2018 season.
In 2002, the University of Oklahoma was ranked as the third best college sports program in America by Sports Illustrated.
In 2006, they made their only playoff-off appearance, but lost against the Marburg Mercenaries in the first round.
As of 2015 the Trojans have an overall winning record of 74 wins 20 losses and 2 draws.
The Crossover were owned by Crossover Ministries and played their home games at Colorado Christian University.
The NiP CS:GO team is anchored by former fnatic players Patrik "f0rest" Lindberg and Christopher "GeT RiGhT" Alesund.
NBL Canada announced that the SkyHawks would not participate in the 2014-15 season when the team failed to comply with the terms of the loan.
The team is owned by Prabhu Deva, a renowned actor and Ishari K Ganesh, founder Chairman and Chancellor of the Vels University in Chennai.
The Dallas Defenders were a team in the Premier Basketball League which began play in 2008.
MT competed in the Ohio Valley Conference until 2000, and the Sun Belt Conference until 2013.
It was founded in 1965 by Yulon Motor's Chairman Yen Ching-ling as a First Division amateur basketball team.
Baker replaced Pete Carlon, who headed the Athletic Department from 1996 to 2012, and is currently the Senior Athletics Director for Administration.
In their final season of the IWFL, they went winless are 0-8 without going to playoffs.
At first the AIFL awarded the win to Huntington; later Canton got the win, but had to pay an $800 fine for its actions.
The Blue Racers returned to the CIFL in 2013.
The Utah Valley Wolverines represent Utah Valley University in college athletics.
The Lehigh Mountain Hawks are the athletic teams representing Lehigh University in Bethlehem, Pennsylvania, United States.
They are a charter member of the Great American Conference of the NCAA Division II.
The ice practices and matches in bandy are done at Skarpe Nord in Kungälv.
It played in the league's Spencer Haywood Division.
In particular, between 1984 to 1992 the club had much success on the international stage.
In the early Roman Kingdom the "legion" may have meant the entire Roman army but sources on this period are few and unreliable.
While sponsored men's teams are baseball and football.
A Plympton Football Club played in the Mid-Southern Football Association as early as 1921, but the current club is recognised as forming in 1937.
The teams are often called the "Thundering Herd".
The team was founded in 1973 and made the playoffs in each of the five seasons in which it participated in the league.
For the first few years there were competing in the Republic Leagues, though they were folded in 1951.
The San Diego Surge is a team of the Women's Football Alliance that began play in the 2011 season.
The Gaels play in the OLA Junior B Lacrosse League.
The school's teams compete in NCAA Division I.
Currently the sports club's departments are autonomous and are separated as of 1992.
The University of West Alabama currently features 18 sports teams.
It plays in the second-division Serie A2 as of the 2015–16 season.
The program includes 7 men's sports: baseball, basketball, football, golf, soccer, tennis, and wrestling.
In late 2009, after years of inactivity, the activity was resumed again.
The Colorado Buffaloes are the athletic teams that represent the University of Colorado Boulder.
Fall sports for women include cross country, soccer, and volleyball.
It was a member of the Western Athletic Conference from 1992 until 2012, when it left for the Mountain West alongside fellow WAC member Nevada.
The Panthers compete as members of the Great Lakes Valley Conference for all 18 varsity sports.
The Vikings joined the NSIC from the North Central Conference, which folded in 2008.
The Cornell Big Red is the informal name of the sports teams, and other competitive teams, at Cornell University.
World Team Tennis suspended operations after the 1978 season, and all the franchises were terminated.
The Youngstown State Penguins are the athletic teams of Youngstown State University of Youngstown, Ohio.
The inactive club was sold during the summer of 2005 and renamed the Mississippi Headhunters after relocating to Biloxi, Mississippi.
Other historic buildings include Lady Chapel, the President’s Cottage known as the Barbara Debs House, the old Stables, and Water Tower.
They are called the Flames as a reference to the Great Chicago Fire, and their team colors are navy blue and fire engine red.
Notable Thunder players include Athan Iannucci, Alex Turner, and Matt Leveque.
Despite the same name, the current Crush is not otherwise connected to the original.
CSUF has won 13 national championships in eight different sports.
The Campbell University Fighting Camels and Lady Camels are the nicknames of the school's 18 teams that compete at the Division I level of the NCAA.
The Mastodons compete as a NCAA Division I school in the Summit League for most sports and in the Midwestern Intercollegiate Volleyball Association for men's volleyball.
The teams go by the nickname Huskies, and the school's mascot is a husky named Blizzard.
The Ontario Warriors were a team in American Indoor Football that played in 2012.
The Maulers are one of six teams currently competing in Slamball, formerly known as the Steal.
Based in Fremont, California, the Bandits played their home games at Contra Costa Community College.
The American Basketball Association is an American semi-professional men's basketball minor league that was founded in 1999.
The women's soccer team played in the Swedish top division in 1980 and 1981.
IK Sirius were formed in 1907 and play their home games at Studenternas Idrottsplats.
They formed in December 2013 and began competing in the TSL competition in 2014.
Based in Tulsa, Oklahoma, the Threat plays in Tulsa at LaFortune Stadium on the campus of Memorial High School.
The village and town are named after Robert Morris.
The men's ice hockey team competes in the National Collegiate Hockey Conference.
The Conference was formed in 1999, splitting from the former 16-member Western Athletic Conference.
The Alberta Golden Bears are the men's sport teams that represent the University of Alberta in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada.
Promotion was achieved again for the 1998 season, but dropped again at the end of the 1999 season after finishing bottom both seasons.
The Albany Great Danes are the intercollegiate athletic programs of the University at Albany, SUNY.
The Duke Blue Devils are the athletic teams that represent Duke University.
The Aldinga Football Club continues to field teams in both Senior and Junior grades in the Southern Football League.
The AMCATS name is derived from the acronym Anna Maria College Athletic Team Sports.
By the third century AD, the legion was a much smaller unit of about 1,000 to 1,500 men, and there were more of them.
The full name of the club is Zirineios Athlitikos Omilos Neon.
In their third year both teams qualified for the 2016 NWPL Finals which were held at MSAC in Melbourne.
This was followed by a move to the Old Dominion Athletic Conference in 1976, also as a founding member.
Since 2004 Sintez is coached by Vladimir Zakharov.
Royals won a hat-trick of premierships in 1993, 1994 and 1995.
The team competes in the Országos Bajnokság I.
They hosted one match, Sweden-Russia, at the 2013 Bandy World Championship.
During their first 3 seasons they were known as the Cape Fear Wildcats until they relocated to Albany, Georgia in 2005.
Waverley also enters teams in Masters Over 35, 45 and 50 age group competitions.
USA Roller Derby represents the United States in international roller derby, in events such as the Roller Derby World Cup.
The league's unraveling is attributed to waning public interest.
They have a men's team and a women's team and are based in Adelaide.
The Waterloo Warriors are the athletic teams that represent the University of Waterloo in Waterloo, Ontario, Canada.
On April 24, 2007, only four games into the team's first season, head coach Rick Buffington was fired, replaced by team president Roy Lucas Jr..
The Wingate Bulldogs are the athletic teams that represent Wingate University, located in Wingate, North Carolina, in NCAA Division II intercollegiate sports.
The team joined American Indoor Football for the 2016 season after the PIFL folded.
The Titans played in the OLA Junior A Lacrosse League from 2005 to 2007.
They began play in 2012 as an expansion team of the Ultimate Indoor Football League.
The school revitalized its football program and reentered the MIAA in 2010.
They were most recently members of the Intense Conference in the Indoor Football League.
They were part of the Eastern Division with the Birmingham Thunderbolts, Orlando Rage and Chicago Enforcers.
The University has 18 different teams in 10 sports: basketball, curling, cross country, football, golf, ice hockey, soccer, swimming, track & field, and volleyball).
The Arkansas Tech Wonder Boys and Golden Suns are the athletic teams that represent Arkansas Tech University in Russellville, Arkansas.
The university became a full member of NCAA Division II in 2011.
They were a member of the Lone Star Division of the Intense Conference in the Indoor Football League.
Athlitiki Enosi Larissa 1964, founded in 1964, is a Greek multi-sport club based in the city of Larissa, capital of Greece's Thessaly region.
Walker signed for the British club Newcastle Eagles in 2000 after a spell with the International Basketball Association team Saskatchewan Hawks from 1999 to 2000.
Since 2008, the club uses the name IF Boltic again, even if the formal name stays the same.
They hold the unique record of winning 18 championships in a row and 14 in a row as well.
This conference assumed the Big East name on July 1, 2013.
The club then moved to Worcester, Massachusetts in 1994 and played in that city through the end of the 1994 season.
The women's team plays under the name Eslövs IK.
In 2012, they were based in Fredericksburg, Virginia, and were known as the Virginia Badgers.
The Bluegrass Stallions are a basketball team in the Premier Basketball League.
The Gentlemen and Ladies compete in the NCAA Division III and are members of the Southern Collegiate Athletic Conference.
The Tigers were one of the founding members of the ODAC in 1976.
The club was formed in 1995 after the need for two more metropolitan clubs.
For the American rugby union team competing in the Rugby Super League see Utah Warriors Rugby.
The Golden Lions and Lady Lions compete in NCAA Division I and are members of the Southwestern Athletic Conference.
In their inaugural exhibition season, the Stars were members of the American Basketball Association and known as the Northwestern Indiana Magical Stars.
The team, the third to use the Gulls nickname, was founded in 1995 immediately upon the departure of the IHL team of the same name.
O'Sullivan Beach FC produced two Australian Football League players, Craig McRae and Mark Viska.
The Schwäbisch Hall Unicorns are an American football team from Schwäbisch Hall, Germany.
For its first season, the Wolves played in the American Indoor Football Association's Western Conference.
In October 2016, they became the charter member of the Elite Indoor Football Conference for the 2017 season.
One of the most notable co-owners is former Kansas City Chiefs star Neil Smith.
The Minnesota Fighting Pike were an Arena football team based in Minneapolis, Minnesota.
The team was owned by former Minnesota Vikings and New Orleans Saints Jake Reed, who purchased the team during the 2007 season.
Up through the 2009 season games were broadcast on KMCM, and KQRX broadcast the games in 2009-2011.
The PBL records and some of the players were transferred to the league-run entity.
The Eagles athletic program is a member of the Ohio Valley Conference and competes at the NCAA Division I level including the Football Championship Subdivision.
The other is fellow Southern Conference member and senior military college The Citadel.
On November 5, 2014, UTRGV's new nickname of Vaqueros was announced.
The Wiesbaden Phantoms are an American football team from Wiesbaden, Germany.
The Grizzlies were a dominating force in the game during the first decade of American football in Germany, reaching all of the first eight German Bowls.
There was no official announcement but it is believed the team folded due to funding issues.
The Mulwala Football Club, nicknamed the Lions, is an Australian Rules Football club playing in the Murray Football League.
After five seasons in the IFL, the team shifted to Champions Indoor Football for its inaugural season in 2015.
Óquei Clube de Barcelos is a rink hockey team from Barcelos, Portugal.
Dropped following the 1984 season, football returned in 2008 and the team posted a 4-6 record.
Shortly after, an up-start league, the WFA, invited the Ventura Black Widows to join.
The Hornets have recorded 148 conference titles since joining the ODAC.
The UTSA Roadrunners is a collegiate athletic program that represents The University of Texas at San Antonio.
The club is nicknamed The Bulldogs, a name which was adopted upon the merger.
STU basically shares the campus with the University of New Brunswick and hence some of the facilities.
They have a men's team and a women's team and are based in Drummoyne, New South Wales.
The school is a Division I member of the National Collegiate Athletic Association, and its athletes compete in the Metro Atlantic Athletic Conference.
The Volunteers compete in Division I of the National Collegiate Athletic Association as a member of the Southeastern Conference.
From 1971 until 1996, Houston's sports teams were a part of the Southwest Conference.
Before the formation of the MW, the Cougars competed in the Rocky Mountain Athletic Conference, the Mountain States Conference, and the Western Athletic Conference.
Each team owner paid a US$75,000 franchise fee to start a new team.
The Knoxville NightHawks were a professional indoor football team based in Knoxville, Tennessee.
Its men's basketball team won the NCAA National Championship in 1979 and 2000.
The men's soccer team was National Runner-up in Division I Soccer losing in overtime to the University of Maryland in 2005 as the No.
A majority of UCM's sports teams compete as club sports and intramurals.
Anna Maria College participates in 13 intercollegiate sports at the NCAA Division III level.
The Akwesasne Indians are Junior "B" box lacrosse team from Akwesasne.
The LEC is also home to the Vancouver Stealth of the NLL.
The school's colors are red and navy blue, purposely chosen to mirror the school colors of Harvard and Yale, respectively.
The Dacin Tigers is a basketball club based in Taipei, Taiwan that plays in the Super Basketball League.
The team sat out the 2011 season.
HIFK Bandy was founded in 1907 and it is one the oldest bandy clubs in Finland.
The Eastern New Mexico Greyhounds are the athletic team that represent Eastern New Mexico University, located in Portales, New Mexico, in NCAA Division II intercollegiate sports.
The Adelaide Jets Water Polo Club is an Australian club water polo team that competes in the National Water Polo League.
IFK Nässjö is a sports club in Nässjö, Sweden, established in 1924.
They were a 2001 expansion member of the af2.
The bandy team played in the Swedish top division in the 1961 and the 1975–1976 seasons.
The team played at Nashville Municipal Auditorium in Nashville, which opened in 1962.
The Thunder were coached in 1984 by legendary Utah Jazz Coach, and University of Evansville alumnus Jerry Sloan.
Copenhagen Towers are members of the Danish American Football Federation and compete in the Nationalliga, the highest division of American football in Denmark.
As its greatest success, the club reached the German Bowl for the first time in 2013, where it lost to the Braunschweig Lions by a point.
The Pirates and Lady Pirates compete as members of the Peach Belt Conference for all 11 varsity sports.
The Kentucky Mavericks are a minor league basketball team who compete in the Premier Basketball League based in Owensboro, Kentucky.
They were a member of the af2 league.
The Port Noarlunga FC continues to field teams in Senior and Junior grades in the Southern Football League.
is a German water polo and swimming club from the Uerdingen district of Krefeld.
The club has teams in many sports.
The Freedom played their home games at Allen County War Memorial Coliseum in Fort Wayne, Indiana.
It subsequently became a charter member of Conference USA from 1995 until its move to the original Big East in 2005.
When the list of teams for 2008-2009 was revealed on the PBL website, the Impact was not on it and therefore is considered defunct.
The club runs its own blog on the Internet and group-page on Facebook.
The team has compiled one of the most successful records in women’s full tackle football.
The team refers to itself as The Grand Old Team of the South.
The nickname of the club is Lords of Vyronas.
The Indiana Firebirds were a team in the Arena Football League.
In 2007, the club began to play floorball.
The Fordham Rams are members of NCAA Division I and compete in the Atlantic 10 Conference for all sports except football.
The Raiders were based in Lakeland, Florida, with home games played at the Lakeland Center.
The Colombo Lions play at 25,000 capacity Sugathadasa Stadium.
LSU competes in Division I of the National Collegiate Athletic Association as a member of the Southeastern Conference.
NSU sports team have also had this same benefit with seven out of its 15 sports being National Ranked, as of the 2007–2008 academic school year.
The Millsaps Majors is the nickname for the sports teams of Millsaps College in Jackson, Mississippi and their colors are purple and white.
Despite that little controversy, the Legends eventually managed to win the AIFL's ultimate title for 2006, beating the Rome Renegades 61-40.
The Seattle Pacific Falcons are the 12 varsity athletic teams that represent Seattle Pacific University, located in Seattle, Washington, in NCAA Division II intercollegiate sports.
The team was established in 2003, by former Cincinnati Bengals running back Ickey Woods.
The Academy also offers a Master of Science in Emergency Management as well as Facilities Management and a wide array of professional/continuing education programs.
Women's sports include field hockey, lacrosse, and rowing.
Själevads IK play their home games at Själevads IP Stadium in Själevad.
Southern Nazarene Crimson Storm features 17 men's and women's varsity sports teams at Southern Nazarene University.
The Aggies compete in Division I of the National Collegiate Athletic Association and have been a member of the Mid-Eastern Athletic Conference since 1969.
Falu BS was second overall, only Sandvikens AIK were better.
They play in Rochester, New York at the East Rochester High School Field and are currently a member of the Women's Football Alliance.
In 2002, the Ninjas finished 6-10, third in the Northeast Division.
The Carleton Ravens are a collegiate women's ice hockey team based out of Ottawa, Ontario, Canada.
Team colors are maroon and gray, and the Phoenix is their mascot.
The Washington Huskies are the athletic teams that represent the University of Washington.
New Mexico Lobos men's basketball alumnus Kelvin Scarborough will serve as head coach for the resurrected Talons.
Pune Pistons was a badminton franchise owned by Mohit Burman & Savan Daru for the Indian Badminton League.
The men's basketball team appeared in an AAU title game in 1930.
They were the second professional indoor football team to be based in Flint, with the first being the Flint Flames of the original Indoor Football League.
Based in Champaign, Illinois, the Swarm play their home games at Parkland College.
The Mississippi Hound Dogs were a professional indoor football team based in Tupelo, Mississippi.
USC Aiken has been a member of the Peach Belt since 1990.
The new team was eventually named the Jacksonville Giants.
The team was a member of the Arena Football League that competed in the 1992 season only.
The winged helmet is a recognized icon of Michigan Athletics.
Vaterpolo klub Vojvodina is a water polo club from Novi Sad, Serbia.
There were plans to bring the team back for the 2009 season, with the possibility of the team's name being changed to the Midsouth Mafia.
Most teams compete in the Northwest Conference with their primary rivals being Linfield College.
The Sonoma State Seawolves are the athletic teams that represent Sonoma State University, located in Rohnert Park, California, in NCAA Division II intercollegiate sports.
Since 1992 it changed its sponsorship and was renamed as Sibskana Irkutsk.
The team competes in the Serbian Water polo League A and Euroleague.
The Saints compete as members of the Great Northwest Athletic Conference for all sports.
Iowa's softball team has played in the Women's College World Series on four occasions, most recently in 2001.
The SkyHawks played in the Central Division of the National Basketball League of Canada during a single season.
Dostluk Spor Kulübü is a multi-sport club established 1973 as a women's football club in Istanbul, Turkey.
The Fresno Frenzy were an expansion af2 team for the 2002 season.
The Hobart City Football Club is an Australian rules football club which competes in the Tasmanian State Football League and is based in Hobart, Tasmania.
The Stallions' first head coach was Kyle Macy, a former Kentucky Wildcats three-time All-American college basketball player.
The Falcons currently compete as members of Conference Carolinas for all 18 varsity sports, which Pfeiffer has been a member of since 1960.
Based in the birthplace of basketball, Springfield, Massachusetts, the team played from 2002 to 2004.
After a mediocre season, they played in the World Indoor Football League in 2007.
The team competes in the Serbian Water polo League A.
The American Basketball Association is an American semi-professional men's basketball minor league that was founded in 1999.
The Gloucester Griffins are Junior "B" box lacrosse team from Gloucester, Ontario, Canada.
It was the first professional sports franchise of Yamhill County, Oregon.
The Cougars compete in all sports except football; the university's football team is known as the Regina Rams.
Falu BS, is a bandy club from Falun in Sweden.
The College offers 34 varsity teams, 17 club sports, and 24 intramural teams.
Flagstaff Hill FC has produced a number of Australian Football League players including Brownlow Medallist Adam Cooney, Danny Meyer, Ben Marsh and Josh Bruce.
Kansas State participates in the NCAA Division I FBS and is a member of the Big 12 Conference since 1996.
Athletic Club of Nea Smyrni Milon or simply AONS Milon is a multisport club in Greece that based in Nea Smyrni.
The Central Blues are an Australian rules football club based in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.
The Carleton Knights are the sports teams of Carleton College, located in Northfield, Minnesota.
The first recorded intercollegiate match was a 45-45 tie in a baseball game against Lehigh in October 1869.
Some of the women's athletic teams use the name "Lady Javelinas;" however, the school's other teams use the "Javelina" name.
UNH has been a member of the NE-10 since 2008.
They participate in the NJCAA and in the Kansas Jayhawk Community College Conference.
The Trojans participate as a member of Conference Carolinas at the NCAA Division II level in 18 sports:
The majority of Bellarmine's 22 athletic teams compete at the Division II level, although the men's lacrosse program belongs to Division I.
After the original Lobsters folded, Robert Kraft, owner of the New England Patriots, purchased the Freedoms and moved them to Boston renaming them the Lobsters.
The Chicago Knights were a professional indoor football team based in Loves Park, Illinois.
The Auburn High School Tigers are generally referred to as the Auburn Tigers when context precludes confusion with the Auburn University Tigers.
Its team currently plays in the West Russian Bandy League.
The team played LCS games out of the Am Studio 20D in Adlershof, Berlin.
Altogether, Southern Virginia sponsors 22 sports: 11 for men and 11 for women.
The St. Augustine's Falcons are the athletic teams that represent St. Augustine's University, located in Raleigh, North Carolina, in NCAA Division II intercollegiate sports.
The club is based in the small Victorian town of Strathmerton.
The school mascot is the Nittany Lion.
The Johns Hopkins Blue Jays are the athletic teams that represent Johns Hopkins University.
Currently the women's water polo team participates in Serie A1; the male, after the promotion in 2013, are recorded in Serie A2.
The skiing and track and field athletics sections have been inactive since 2002.
They compete in NCAA Division I as members of the Patriot League.
The Seattle Reign was the first women's professional basketball franchise in Seattle, Washington, USA.
The Panthers currently compete in National Collegiate Athletic Association Division I athletics as members of Conference USA.
In 2005, Newsweek ranked the school as the 259th best school in the United States.
The club is situated on Queensland's Sunshine Coast and plays out of the Stockland fields at Stockland Stadium.
Morphettville Park FC has produced one Australian Football League player, Tony McGuinness, formerly of Adelaide and Footscray.
It was founded on 24 January 1990 and played the 2011 European League Final Eight for the first time of its history.
Although the Panthers are considered to represent southwest Arkansas, the team plays its home games in Hooks, Texas at the Hooks High School Gymnasium.
The Georgetown College Tigers are the sports teams of Georgetown College located in Georgetown, Kentucky.
The Quincy Hawks are the athletic teams that represent Quincy University, located in Quincy, Illinois, in NCAA Division II intercollegiate sports.
The Kiel Baltic Hurricanes are an American football team based in Kiel, Germany.
The husky was selected as the school mascot by student committee in 1923.
The city is headquarters of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints.
Based in Houston, the Cyclones played their home games at Reggie Grob Stadium on the campus of the Spring Branch Independent School District.
In 2010, the men's bandy team qualified for the Swedish second division.
The lacrosse team has placed well nationally in the NCAA championships, while Haverford's fencing team has competed since the early 1930s.
The Portland Power was a women's professional basketball team in the American Basketball League based in Portland, Oregon.
The Brighton Football Club, nicknamed the Robins, is an Australian rules football club currently playing in the Southern Football League in Tasmania, Australia.
The Eagles have also won the Reese Trophy, given to the best overall men's athletic program in the MAC, four times, most recently in 2008.
It was announced in 2012 that the team would relocate to Redding for 2013.
The team's logo, depicting a dog with a spiked collar and metal lower jaw, represents "Rusty", the team's mascot.
Oregon's main rivalries are with the Oregon State Beavers and the Washington Huskies.
The club currently fields three men's teams, three women's teams, a masters team and respective youth development teams.
On Saturday, May 6, 2006, the Legends won 54-41 against the Huntington Heroes on the road, but not without controversy.
Southern Illinois University was a member of the Illinois Intercollegiate Athletic Conference from 1913 to 1962.
The Central Valley Titans is a team in the American Basketball Association based in Exeter, California.
The Guelph Gryphons are the athletic teams that represent the University of Guelph in Guelph, Ontario, Canada.
The name "Presidents" refers to the two presidential namesakes of the college: George Washington and Thomas Jefferson.
In addition to NAIA sports, DU also offers additional sports that the NAIA does not currently sponsor championships for.
The Cheerleaders and the Dance Team are also part of the university's athletic department; they are present at events for basketball, ice hockey, football, and volleyball.
The American Basketball Association is an American semi-professional men's basketball minor league that was founded in 1999.
The team shut down its operations after the 2008 season.
The Venom played their home games at Town Toyota Center.
The club, together with the Düsseldorf Panther and the Ansbach Grizzlies, is one of the oldest in Germany.
The Club also offers a lower contact version of the sport through an annual flag football competition
The Battle Creek Crunch were a professional indoor football team based in Battle Creek, Michigan.
The Braves' athletic program is a member of the Missouri Valley Conference  and competes at the NCAA Division I level.
Associazione Sportiva Orizzonte Catania Waterpolo, also known as Geymonat Orizzonte for sponsorship reasons, is an Italian women's water polo club from Catania.
The women's soccer team made it to the final four in 2006 after winning the ODAC tournament for the first time in program history.
Vaterpolo klub Radnički Kragujevac is a water polo club from Kragujevac, Serbia.
They played their home games at the Odeum Expo Center.
The Johnstown Generals were a professional indoor football team based in Johnstown, Pennsylvania.
That deal was reached in the form of the Lone Star Football League, of which the Rattlesnakes were a charter member.
The Bellarmine Knights are the athletic teams that represent Bellarmine University, located in Louisville, Kentucky, in NCAA intercollegiate sporting competitions.
Olympiacos is the most popular Greek club with around four million fans inside Greece and millions of others in the Greek communities all over the world.
The George Washington Colonials are the athletic teams of George Washington University of Washington, D.C.
Wofford and the other SoCon members play football in the Football Championship Subdivision.
The Wolves began play in 2015 as an expansion team of the IFL.
The Tech mascot is Awesome Eagle, and the school colors are purple and gold.
Mercer is the only private university in Georgia with an NCAA Division I athletic program and fields teams in eight men's and nine women's sports.
Midway through the 2008 season the team was acquired by Messay Hailermariam.
At TI CDEC also won their group stage and beat LGD Gaming and eventual winners Evil Geniuses in bracket.
Of its 25 varsity teams, Holy Cross supports 12 men's and 13 women's sports, giving Holy Cross the largest ratio of teams-per-enrollment in the country.
The team suspended operations on December 30, 2014.
The Saints played their home games that the Multiplex.
The Titans played their home games at the Cedar Rapids Ice Arena in Cedar Rapids from 2012 to 2013.
The team competes in the Országos Bajnokság I.
Additionally, six MLB teams hold their spring training camps in the area.
Prior to joining the Big 12, Baylor was a member of the Southwest Conference from their charter creation in 1914 until its dissolution in 1996.
Smithson is a Canadian Jr National Team graduate, and spent his college career on scholarship to El Paso CC in Texas, and the University of Kentucky.
Following Sharp's retirement in 2006, Kristy Curry was named Lady Raiders head coach.
The franchise is owned by Mysport, which has been promoted by Rendezvous Group.
The Hyderabad Skykings are a professional American football team based in Hyderabad, India.
This time, however, they would be stopped in the first round, this time, by the Macon Knights.
They are a member of the Sun Belt Conference in all sports, competing at the National Collegiate Athletic Association Division I level.
The Mariners, after three seasons out of play, returned for one final season in 2014, winning the league championship before folding again.
Edsbyns IF became Swedish bandy champions for men in 1952, 1953, 1962, 1978, 2004, 2005, 2006, 2007, 2008. and 2017.
The Warriors claimed the 2006 WBA Eastern Conference Title, before advancing to the Title Game.
It was renamed again as Frankfurt Universe in 2016.
The 49ers compete in 19 sports teams and compete in NCAA Division I.
This was later changed to nine cohorts of standard size and one cohort, the first cohort, of double strength.
The Colorado Mesa University Mavericks are the athletic teams that represent Colorado Mesa University, located in Grand Junction, Colorado, in NCAA Division II intercollegiate sports.
The oval is part of the Albany show grounds.
In 2014, Josh Whitman was named as the new Director of Athletics.
The Brawlers played their home games at Cox Convention Center.
The Florida State Seminoles are the athletic teams representing Florida State University located in Tallahassee, Florida.
On 3 December 1990, the club was split up into Värmbols FC, DFK Värmbol and Värmbol-Katrineholm BK.
Spartacus Rugby Union Football Club, is a Rugby Union team in Gothenburg, Sweden, playing in the top Swedish League.
The Nürnberg Rams are an American football team from Nuremberg Germany.
The name Redmen was first published in 1929 as "Red Men" and was used to describe the red uniforms worn by McGill sports teams.
Northern Michigan's rivals in sports action are the two other major schools in the upper peninsula: Michigan Technological University, and Lake Superior State University.
The franchise has won two National Baseball Congress championships for the 1987 and 1997 seasons.
Elon moved to the Colonial Athletic Association on July 1, 2014.
Fnatic is a professional esports organization headquartered in London, United Kingdom.
Vasas SC created a fencing section in 1947, which had one of the most successful teams in Hungary.
Hässelby SK has had a pivotal role in the establishment of a number of running events, such as the Stockholm Marathon, XL Galan and the Tjejmilen.
The Pilots have won the National High School Championships in 2012 and 2013.
Ljusdals BK is a Swedish bandy club currently playing in Elitserien.
An adult male can reach 8 cm in length, while a female is slightly smaller, with a maximum length of 7 cm.
The Stockton Wolves are a professional indoor football team that currently plays an independent schedule.
The Dawgs were one of three indoor football teams based in the Chicago metropolitan area.
For its inaugural season, the Dynasty was known as the Memphis Soul, in the season thereafter, they went without a nickname.
The athletic program is supported by the efforts of a diverse group of over 400 male and female student-athletes.
The Sharks joined the AIF in 2013 as an expansion team, by then owner Betty Chaney-Robinson.
The Rage joined the CIFL in 2012 as an expansion team.
Three teams compete at the Division II level in the Rocky Mountain Athletic Conference—men's and women's swimming & diving plus wrestling.
The Royals compete as full, non-football members of the Old Dominion Athletic Conference.
The Panthers were one of the charter franchises of the ABA and won the league's first championship as the Detroit Dogs.
At one point, in their fourth year of operation, the Memphis Belles were the longest-running women's tackle football team in Memphis history.
The Armor were the first professional football team to play within the District of Columbia since the Washington Redskins left for FedEx Field in 1997.
The Lakers currently field a Senior & Reserves team, as well as several junior football teams.
The club won three Murray Football League premierships in 1983, 1987 and 1989.
The Wildcatters played their home games at the Ector County Coliseum.
In 1974 and 1975 also reached the European Cup's final, but lost to MGU Moscow and Partizan respectively.
The Matrix play home games at JAMTOWN in Oakland.
The Bossier–Shreveport Battle Wings were an Arena Football League team based in Bossier City, Louisiana.
The Blaze's homefield is located in the McLeod Athletic Park which was completed in 2003.
The team began play as a 2004 expansion team of the Arena Football League's now-defunct minor league af2.
The Bowdoin Men's Rugby Club won the John Hayes Award in 2007.
The team played at the Allstate Arena from 2001 to 2013.
On March 22, 2009, Fitzpatrick was removed as head coach with Roosevelt Bouie running the team for its final two games.
The Eagles compete in the Division I Football Bowl Subdivision and are members of the NCAA Division I Sun Belt Conference.
In the 2013–14 season, basketball returned to Thomas after a 13-year hiatus.
Over 50% of the students on Graceland's Lamoni campus are student athletes.
The Birmingham Power was one of the original franchises of the National Women's Basketball League.
A May 27 free agent camp was held to recruit an initial roster of players.
The Shuckers compete in the Central Basketball Association.
In recent years, the club's most successful teams are the volleyball and handball teams that play in the higher national championships.
The Knights were coached by Bill Klucas.
The Flint Phantoms were a professional indoor football team based in Flint, Michigan.
Notable facilities used by the Bears include California Memorial Stadium and Haas Pavilion.
Team Brasil is composed of roller derby players from Brazil, who are selected in tryouts to compete at the national level.
The team colours are green and white.
Davis' quarterback protégées were Lomax and June Jones.
The Splash are based in Gary, Indiana and play their home games at the Genesis Convention Center.
The Captains compete as members of the Capital Athletic Conference for all varsity sports except for football, which plays in the USA South Athletic Conference.
The club trains in Melbourne's inner west at Crofts Reserve in Altona North and play TAC Cup matches at Burbank Oval in Williamstown.
They participate in the NAIA and in the Mid-South Conference.
The Northwest Missouri State Bearcats are the athletic teams for Northwest Missouri State University, located in Maryville, Missouri.
L.P. Shields and Fred Jefferson were the owners after paying a franchise fee of $30,000.
The Oral Roberts Golden Eagles are the 16 intercollegiate teams representing the Oral Roberts University that compete in the U.S. National Collegiate Athletic Association's Division I.
On September 9, 2008, it was announced that the Renegades were ceasing operations.
The school's athletic director is Robert Corran.
Women's sports include volleyball, lacrosse, and softball.
DePauw's program had also won the conference's overall "President's Trophy" seven times in that span, including six consecutive President's Trophies from 2005–06 to 2010–11.
Cleveland State was formerly in the Mid-Continent Conference and North Star Conference.
The men's soccer team plays at Toro Stadium.
Southern Miss has a long history in the NCAA, and its intercollegiate sports teams operate under the auspices of the university's Department of Intercollegiate Athletics sponsors.
The current mascot is named "Whoo RU" the Owl.
In football, the Rams play in the Patriot League of NCAA Division 1 Football Championship Subdivision.
Formed in 1995 the team sought to "put Vancouver, BC on the map of Ultimate," according to the team's official website.
The most recent change to Stony Brook's roster of varsity sports was the discontinuation of men's tennis at the end of the 2016–17 school year.
Guelph Athletics is the athletic department at the University of Guelph, located in Guelph, Ontario.
The Sharks compete as members of the Pacific West Conference.
All of HPU's varsity teams compete at the NCAA Division I level.
They were known as the Canaries and wore black and gold as their club colours.
This also places them as the fourteenth-most productive athletics program across all three divisions.
QUK is the UK quidditch governing body, and is a constituent part of the International Quidditch Association.
After forming the first committee, registration forms were sent out to interested players and from there, the club has boomed.
The Blighty Football Club, nicknamed the Redeyes, is an Australian Rules Football club playing in the Picola & District Football League.
From their inception in 2001 until 2008, the Locomotion played in the National Women's Football Association.
The university currently sponsors twelve varsity teams.
They are currently a member of Arena Pro Football and play their home games at Family Arena.
Based in Ontario, California, the Warriors played their home games at Citizens Business Bank Arena.
The Oklahoma Panhandle State Aggies are the athletic teams that represent Oklahoma Panhandle State University, located in Goodwell, Oklahoma, in NCAA Division II intercollegiate sports.
They only got to the playoffs once during their five-year existence, where they had an early exit.
They were a member of American Indoor Football for one season until the league ceased operations in the summer of 2016.
However, prior to the season, the Nitro merged with the IWFL's Connecticut Wreckers.
UVA-Wise has been a member of the conference since 2013, joining from the Great Midwest Athletic Conference.
The Utah State Aggies are the athletic teams that represent Utah State University.
The UIFL suspended the Miami Inferno on July 12, 2014.
The school's men's and women's sports teams are called the Friars, after the Dominican Order that runs the school.
The Rage were founded in 2011 by David Reed.
The Apprentice Builders are the athletic teams of the Newport News Apprentice School, located in Newport News, in the U.S. state of Virginia.
The first team was started in 1922, playing exhibition games only.
It is used widely across the school through primarily heard in reference to football and basketball.
at the Moda neighborhood of Kadıköy district in Istanbul on April 19, 1973.
Women's sports include field hockey, gymnastics, volleyball, tennis, and softball.
In 2001, the Blaze went 10-6 but did not make the playoffs.
The Fighting Scots are members of the Pennsylvania State Athletic Conference for 15 of 17 varsity sports.
The men's lacrosse team joined the Southern Conference July 1, 2014.
The president of the club is Fabio Gioia.
The Nets moved to New Orleans for the 1978 season.
Men's sports include baseball, football, and golf.
The Bulls compete in the National Collegiate Athletic Association at the Division I level, with football in the Football Bowl Subdivision.
In the mid-80's, a local Maine resident named Brad Osborn informally helped coach the club.
The UST Yellow Jackets is the official pep squad and drumline of the University of Santo Tomas.
They are a member of the Prairie Gold Lacrosse League.
After four successful years in the league, they moved to the UIF in 2005 and became a charter member to the new league.
Spring sports for men include baseball and golf.
After two seasons and the folding of the PIFL, the Venom ceased operations in 2015.
The team was known as the Kansas City Explorers from 1993 until the 2012 season, before moving to Texas.
SJSU also has achieved an international reputation for its judo program, winning 51 National Collegiate Judo Association championships in 56 years.
Financial difficulty resulted in the team receiving a loan from the league in order to finish the 2013-14 season.
All sports participate in the NCAA Division I.
Tillman, ever the professional, brushed off the jabs by Ventura and refused to respond.
In the spring of 2016, the Royals joined the Mid-South Conference for football.
The Venom were the second indoor/arena football team to call Nashville home, and the first since the Arena Football League's Nashville Kats.
The club won the World Cup in 2005.
The Alabama–Huntsville Chargers are the intercollegiate athletic teams representing the University of Alabama in Huntsville in Huntsville, Alabama.
However, those plans failed and the team ceased operations in December 2010.
This club has achieved considerable success at competitions on the international stage.
Spokane quickly generated the Spokane Jets, which commenced play in the Western International Hockey League in the 1963–64 WIHL season.
Athens, is a major Greek multi-sport club based in Nea Filadelfeia suburb of Athens.
They played in the Western Hockey League from 1958 to 1963.
The club is a member of the Danish American Football Federation.
All Steel games are carried live by "The Bronc at 107.7 FM with Daryle Dobos calling the play-by-play.
The team garnered second place after facing SK Telecom T1 in the finals in Berlin, Germany.
The team played the 2012 season as a member of American Indoor Football.
The Windsor Clippers is a Canadian junior box lacrosse team and members of the Ontario Junior B Lacrosse League of the Ontario Lacrosse Association.
Women's varsity teams include basketball, cross country, gymnastics, soccer, softball, tennis, track and field, and volleyball.
The Drillers played their home games at the Eastern Kentucky Expo Center in Pikeville, Kentucky.
In 2013, the Wildfire beat the Binghamton Tigercats 44-8 to win their second consecutive WSFL 8-man title.
The men's bandy team played in the Swedish top division during the season of 1984–1985.
However internal instability caused the team to miss many of its games and suspend operations after the 2008–2009 season.
William & Mary is the second-oldest university in the United States.
In August 2015, the Marine Raiders announced they would not be returning in 2016.
The Flight cited an upturn in attendance for this move.
Geelong's Tom Lonergan played for Yarrawonga before moving to Melbourne and being drafted into the Australian Football League.
IFK was one of the major clubs in all of these sports in the first half of the 20th Century.
Following the move to Conference USA, the men's swimming and diving team competed for two years as an independent, as C-USA does not sponsor the sport.
The women's soccer team played three seasons in the Swedish top division between 1978–1980.
In 2017, the Breakers returned to playing at the Palisades Tennis Club, the venue where they played from 2003 to 2006.
The West Australian Rowing Club is a rowing club based in Perth, Western Australia.
They began play in 1999 as the Steel Valley Smash, a charter member of the IFL.
The Columbus Quest was a professional women's basketball franchise located in Columbus, Ohio in the now-defunct American Basketball League.
The Durans would move to Mississippi later in 2016 and the Stars would officially fold.
Women's swimming competes in the Coastal Collegiate Sports Association.
They are a member of the Independent Women's Football League.
The Jazz played its home games at the Centre Pierre Charbonneau.
Vodnik was founded in 1925 and in the mid-1990s it became a major team in both Russian and international bandy.
Intramurals include a wide array of sports such as basketball, ultimate frisbee, flag football, dodgeball, grass volleyball, indoor volleyball, table tennis, soccer, archery, etc.
From 2005 on, the team played in the German Football League, before being relegated in 2008.
Their outdoor home was Memorial Stadium in Wichita Falls.
The American Basketball Association is an American semi-professional men's basketball minor league that was founded in 1999.
The Orlando Mayhem is a football team in the Independent Women's Football League based in Orlando, Florida.
The Madison Radicals are a professional ultimate team that competes in the Midwest Division of the American Ultimate Disc League.
The nickname was published in the student newspaper, "The Leaf", but was long referred to in media alternatively as the "Staters" and the "Golden Gaters".
The most successful team of the club is the football team which is the only department which has won a Panhellenic title, one Greek Football Cup.
Mitchell Park lasted four seasons in the Division 1 competition before they were relegated to the Division 2 competition in 1998.
Olympic Nice Natation is a French water polo and swimming club from Nice, founded in 1989.
The Cougars played their home games at the Canton Memorial Civic Center.
The club then notched its fifth-straight win, defeating Harrisburg, 78-36, May 7 before a franchise-record 4,035 fans.
The New York Rumble was an Ultimate team in the East Division of the Major League Ultimate league.
The Weber State Wildcats are the varsity athletic teams representing Weber State University in Ogden, Utah in intercollegiate athletics.
The team was born when the Birmingham Steel moved to the WBA.
Nynäshamns IF is a sports club in Nynäshamn, Sweden, established on 4 February 1917.
Söderhamns UIF is a sports club in Söderhamn, Sweden.
The American Basketball Association is an American semi-professional men's basketball minor league that was founded in 1999.
It was founded in 1967 and it has departments in various sports, football, basketball and volleyball.
The Aztecs currently sponsor six men's and thirteen women's sports at the varsity level.
The Los Angeles Xtreme was a professional American football team based in Los Angeles, California.
It was formed in 1960 and is part of the Swimming Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Borlänge-Stora Tuna BK is a bandy club in Borlänge in Sweden.
The color red was adopted from the state bird, the cardinal.
The original Yellow Jackets played in the NFL from 1924 until 1931.
The Saints compete in the NCAA Division I and are members of the Metro Atlantic Athletic Conference.
The team previously had a team competing in the European League of Legends Championship Series.
Established in 1955, the women's soccer section was established in 1971.
The club has also scored bandy successes, playing nine seasons in the Swedish top division between 1945 and 1964/1965.
The team reached the Quarter-Finals of the League of Legends World Championship for the first time in 2015.
Women's sports include volleyball, lacrosse, and softball.
The men's team enjoyed its peak between 1992 and 1994.
It is known for its performing arts, Athletic, and its community outreach programs.
The team did not last more than one season in the Bandyallsvenska this time, but got back later.
The Carleton Ravens are the athletic teams that represent Carleton University in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada.
Football Conference, which itself is part of the Canadian Junior Football League and competes annually for the national title known as the Canadian Bowl.
The Columbus Wardogs are a defunct af2 team that played their home games in the Columbus Civic Center in Columbus, Georgia from 2001 - 2004.
It was purchased by Jeremi Washington in June 2010.
Georgia Tech is a member of the Coastal Division in the Atlantic Coast Conference.
The Tallahassee Jewels are an expansion team of the Women's Football Alliance that began play in 2012.
The Clarence Football Club, nicknamed The Kangaroos, is an Australian rules football club playing in the Tasmanian State League, based in Bellerive, Tasmania.
Nautical Club of Chios is an aquatic club based in Chios.
In 1935 the club was one of four clubs who merged to become Falu BS.
The Maryville Saints are the athletic teams that represent Maryville University of St. Louis, located in St. Louis, Missouri, in NCAA Division II intercollegiate sports.
The Lancers compete as members of the Pacific West Conference for most sports.
Based in Washington, D.C. since 2008, the Kastles won the WTT championship in the 2009, 2011, 2012, 2013, 2014 and 2015 seasons.
The men's bandy team played in the Swedish top division in 1932, 1933 and 1941.
SF State competes in the California Collegiate Athletic Association while wrestling competes in the Rocky Mountain Athletic Conference.
In September, the football team from what was then Iowa Agricultural College traveled to Northwestern University and defeated that team by a score of 36-0.
The colours of Ionikos are blue and white.
Chris Ford was the third former Boston Celtics player to become head coach at Brandeis, following Bob Brannum and K.C.
The SMU Mustangs are the athletic teams that represent Southern Methodist University.
The team was founded as an expansion team in the CBL, a summer basketball league.
Främmestads IK is a sports club in Främmestad, Sweden, established 1941.
WTT suspended operations of the league in March 1979, ending the Golden Gaters existence.
Established in 2013 the team was originally known as the Lafayette Legends, changing names in July 2014.
This event, appropriately named a jubilee, draws a large crowd because of the abundance of fresh, easily caught seafood it yields.
In their existence, the Pirates played in the Indoor Football League, af2, and United Indoor Football.
There are also rivalries with out-of-state Auburn and official conference rival Clemson.
WVSU's main rivals are the University of Charleston Golden Eagles.
The Panthers joined Division I in 1999, after having been NCAA Division II and being members of the National Association of Intercollegiate Athletics prior to 1992.
After the league disbanded the club joined the Murray Football League since that time.
The women’s soccer team played five seasons in the Swedish top division between 1978–1986.
The football team has participated in various Bowl Games, from the Dixie Classic in 1924 to the Hawaii Bowl in 2012.
Home games are played on the campus of Piper High School.
The Kane County Dawgs were a professional indoor American football team based in Kane County, Illinois.
The school has heavily invested in its on-campus athletic facilities in the past twenty years with the creation of Hermann Stadium and Chaifetz Arena.
They went 8-6 in their first season, but lost in the semifinals to Corpus Christi.
The Raiders played in the CIFL championship game twice, both times against the Port Huron / Michigan Pirates.
The San Diego Buds were a team tennis franchise in TeamTennis.
The home ground of the team is in the Apostolos Nikolaidis Stadium.
Bangalore Raptors is a tennis team representing the city of Bangalore in Champions Tennis League.
The Sacramento Capitals were a team in World Team Tennis.
They now compete in the NCAA's Division III, mostly as members of the University Athletic Association.
The Guelph Regals are a box lacrosse team from Guelph, Ontario, Canada.
In 2000, IF Boltic was merged with IF Göta and formed the new club BS BolticGöta.
Ultimately, only 25,157 fans attended the Loggers' six home games, or 4,192 per contest.
They played their home games at Macon Coliseum.
The main athletic venues of the school are McCulloch Stadium, Cone Field House, and Roy S. "Spec" Keene Stadium.
UM has approximately equal participation by male and female varsity athletes in these sports.
Bakhtiyar Artayev was appointed as a president of the club.
The American Basketball Association is an American semi-professional men's basketball minor league that was founded in 1999.
Chow's Gymnastics and Dance Institute, commonly referred to as Chow's, is an American women's artistic gymnastics academy based in West Des Moines, Iowa.
The team played for 4 seasons making the playoffs just one time.
Tocumwal was one of the foundation clubs of the Murray Football League in 1931.
The nickname—"Profs"—is derived from the school's history as a teaching college, and Rowan is the only school to use that name.
The Mariners have four dinghy championships in 1979, 1983, 1984, and 1987.
The NACDA Director's Cup is a list compiled by the National Association of Collegiate Directors of Athletics that charts institutions' overall success in college sports.
On February 17, 2016, WTT announced that the Lobsters would cease operations and were subsequently replaced with a new franchise called the New York Empire.
However, general manager Allen Hardison said that the real figure may have been closer to 1,300.
The Aces played eighteen seasons in WTT before the franchise folded after the 2011 season.
Later, the Township's territory was absorbed into Genesee and Burton Townships and some of which became incorporated into the City of Flint.
Mission is a company that makes roller hockey and formerly ice hockey equipment.
They field thirteen teams including men and women's basketball, cross country, golf, and track and field; women's-only soccer, softball, and volleyball; and men's-only baseball and football.
The team was originally going to be named the Reading RiverRats, but passed on that name in favor of the "Reading Express."
The Coppin State Eagles compete in the NCAA Division I and are members of the Mid-Eastern Athletic Conference.
The football team became an FCS Independent for the 2013 season, and moved to the Big South Conference on July 1, 2014.
When he left Pitt, Brosky continued to play for semi-pro teams in the area.
The Colts have now suspended operations indefinitely.
The Sauk Valley Predators are a Premier Basketball League team that began play in the 2012 season.
"D’Youville College is an independent institution of higher education that offers baccalaureate and graduate programs to students of all faiths, cultures, and backgrounds.
The team was one of the original eight teams that formed the MLU in 2013.
The Badener Greifs are an American football club from Karlsruhe, Germany.
The women's club was founded in the 1993–94 season as Fakel.
They currently compete in the Midwest Basketball League based out of Minnesota.
The first intercollegiate athletic event, a men's basketball game, was held in January 1915 and the baseball team held their first intercollegiate game later that year.
Women's sports include basketball, softball, soccer, tennis, golf, cross country, lacrosse, track and field, and volleyball.
The Hotshots played their home games at Mountain View High School.
Oxford University Cycling Club was founded in 1873, making it one of the oldest cycling clubs in the United Kingdom.
The head coach for the team was announced on December 7, 2001.
Varsity-letter winners wear a specially-issued blue cardigan with a large gold "N" patch affixed.
[4] Therefore, in the season 2016-17 their home arena was Stadion Stenovik.
Miami offers 18 different varsity-level sports for men and women.
The Kentucky Valkyries were a team of the Women's Football Alliance that was scheduled to begin play for the 2010 season.
The Edwardstown Football Club is an Australian rules football club first formed in 1919.
The Chicago Condors were a very short-lived member of the American Basketball League.
The Fresno Heatwave was coached by Sean Higgins, and its Vice President was Janine Nkosi.
2007 showed the Outlaws with another second-place finish in the Southern Conference West Division at 5-3.
Honvéd's canoeing section is composed of men and women teams.
The women's team won the Swedish national championship in 1983 and 1985, and won a silver medal in 1984.
North Dakota is a member of the Big Sky Conference for football and most other sports and the National Collegiate Hockey Conference for men's hockey.
The university is a member of the National Association of Intercollegiate Athletics, primarily competing in The Sun Conference, formerly known as the Florida Sun Conference.
Szegedi Vízilabda Egyesület is a water polo club from Szeged, Hungary.
Vaterpolo klub Crvena Zvezda is a waterpolo club from Belgrade, Serbia.
Part of the NCAA's Division I, the Purple Eagles field 18 varsity level teams.
When the city of Gorky changed its names to Nizhny Novgorod in 1990, the club changed names accordingly.
It is also the only Greek football team that has played for the Intercontinental Cup.
It is one of the four charter franchises that will participate in the IPTL's inaugural 2014 season.
The team colors are Columbia blue and black, and the blue jay is their mascot.
Tillberga IK is a sports club in Tillberga in Västerås Municipality, Sweden.
The university's mascot is "Zippy", a female kangaroo.
The American Basketball Association is an American semi-professional men's basketball minor league that was founded in 1999.
For the 2007–08 season, the team moved again, this time to Singapore.
The teams are referred to as Aggies and the mascot is a Rough Collie named Reveille.
Evansville would not be home to another professional basketball team until the Evansville Thunder of the Continental Basketball Association was formed in 1984.
The Ave Maria University Gyrenes are the athletic teams for Ave Maria University in Ave Maria, Florida.
Student ethnicity is distributed as follows: 53% Black, 35% White, 7% Asian, 4% Hispanic, and 1% Native American.
The team was a 2006 expansion member of the National Indoor Football League.
The Montreal Royal is a professional ultimate franchise based in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.
They were suspended from the CIFL indefinitely for failing to turn in key items before the deadline.
This was complicated by the war that lasted between 1992 and 1995.
The university's varsity teams compete in the Ontario University Athletics conference of U Sports and, where applicable, in the east division.
Established in 1999, the Vixen are the longest continuously operating women's American football team in the nation.
The school fields sixteen men's and women's intercollegiate teams that compete at the NCAA Division I level.
After the 2012 season, the team was put up for sale and never purchased.
They are in the Eastern Conference, North Atlantic Division with the Boston Militia, New York Nemesis, and New York Sharks.
The school has won three NCAA national championships in men's fencing and one in women's fencing.
The team rebranded as Rochester Lancers in April 2017.
The Spokane Empire were a professional indoor football team based in Spokane, Washington.
The New Mexico Stars were a professional indoor football team based in Rio Rancho, New Mexico.
The Fresh are a member of the Universal Basketball Association.
The Sol were the third indoor football team to call Hidalgo home, following the Rio Grande Valley Dorados which played in af2 from 2004 to 2009.
The Strathmerton Football Club, nicknamed the Bulldogs, is an Australian rules football club playing in the Picola & District Football League.
Based in Memphis, Tennessee, the Memphis Belles played their 2010 home games at Halle Stadium football field in Memphis, Tennessee.
The Assyrian came down like the wolf on the fold,
The Panthers' home games were played at the James H. Gray Civic Center until 2014.
After the 2008 season, owner/president Dr. Frederick Barnett sought financial partners to keep the team afloat.
Karlslunds IF runs one of the biggest programme for athletics in Örebro, Sweden, with some 4000 members and more than 200 coaches coaching eight different sports.
The Philadelphia Freedoms were a charter franchise of World Team Tennis founded by Dick and Ken Butera.
The university is a member of the Horizon League and Eastern Wrestling League.
Its colours are red and black and its emblem is Alexander the Great.
The club runs gymnastics and orienteering, earlier even bandy and soccer.
In 2014 B.G Sports finished at the bottom of the table and escaped without been relegated to second division by winning the relegation matches.
They were a founding member of the Texas Intercollegiate Athletic Association in 1976 and remained in that league until 1990.
From 1984 to 2001, Cove played in the SFL Division 2 competition before joining the combined Division 1 in 2002.
The also field teams in all junior age groups in the Water Polo NSW Sydney Metropolitan competition.
In their first year, Augusta went 13-3, made the playoffs, and had the best record in the American Conference.
Skoghalls IF was a sports club in Skoghall, Sweden.
Midway through the 2014 season, the Steam were sold to a Georgia ownership group, who moved the franchise to Savannah during the regular season.
The Lehigh Valley Steelhawks are a professional indoor football team based in Allentown, Pennsylvania and are members of the National Arena League.
In 2001, Victoria S. Bull was introduced as Victor's sister, but has not been observed for many years.
Delhi Dreams is a tennis team representing the city of Delhi in Champions Tennis League.
The Seton Hall Pirates women's volleyball program is the NCAA Division I intercollegiate volleyball program of Seton Hall University in South Orange, New Jersey.
It is owned by the Liga Nacional Balonocesto Professional's Mayas de Yucatan, and plays its games in Dallas, Texas.
The two teams are facing sanctions from the Russian Bandy Federation.
The team was first formed to compete at the 2011 Roller Derby World Cup, and finished the tournament in seventh place.
Saint Augustine's holds the distinction as the most decorated Division II athletics program, with a record 37 NCAA team titles and 265 individual titles.
Auburn competes in Division I of the National Collegiate Athletic Association as a member of the Southeastern Conference.
Based in the Acadiana region of Louisiana, the Zydeco plays its home games at Teurlings Catholic High School in Lafayette.
The Oilers have been a member of the GLIAC since 1997, when they switched from the NAIA to the NCAA.
The Grand Rapids Flight are unrelated to the former basketball team that played in Grand Rapids, the Grand Rapids Hoops.
The Cavalry played their home games at the Casper Events Center.
It also has athletics, squash and triathlon sections.
Sydney Uni Lions is an Australian club water polo team that competes in the National Water Polo League.
The Silverbacks were the fourth indoor football team to be based in Dayton, the first being the Dayton Skyhawks of the original Indoor Football League.
The "Stampede" name alluded to the team's original home venue, which hosts the annual Pennsylvania Farm Show, and the team's colors were blue, black and white.
IF Boltic was a Swedish sports club from the town Karlstad.
A total of 13 Panthers athletic teams compete in NCAA Division I.
It was founded by Enrique "xPeke" Cedeño Martínez after his departure from Fnatic.
The Auburn High School Tigers are the athletic teams which represent Auburn High School in Auburn, Alabama.
The school's colors are scarlet and gray.
J Gaming, previously named Taipei Assassins, is a League of Legends and Alliance of Valiant Arms team based in Taiwan.
The Charlotte Express was a professional ultimate team from Charlotte, North Carolina playing in the South Division of the American Ultimate Disc League.
In 1953, Morphett Vale were re-admitted to the Southern Football Association but only lasted the one season before going into recess again.
Mumbai Tennis Masters is a tennis team representing the city of Mumbai in Champions Tennis League.
The Howard Bison are the intercollegiate athletic teams representing Howard University in Washington, DC.
St. Francis College previously sponsored a football team, but the program was dropped in 1935.
The Macclesfield Basketball Club is a Basketball club recently reformed in 2011 in South Australia's Adelaide Hills.
The Port Huron Patriots were a professional indoor football team based in Port Huron, Michigan.
The team played its home games at the Tim's Toyota Center.
The UQTR Patriotes are the athletic teams that represent the Université du Québec à Trois-Rivières in Trois-Rivières, Quebec, Canada.
The Elgin Racers are a franchise of the International Basketball League.
Kangarilla joined the Southern Football Association in 1916 where it remained until 1922 when it shifted to the Hills Central Football Association for the 1923 season.
The school is a member of the Pac-12 Conference.
Old Dominion's field hockey team competes in the Big East Conference.
With a record of 7-1, the Outlaws traveled to Jacksonville to play against the Dixie Blues.
Based in Honolulu, Hawaii, the Hawaiian Islanders home field was at the Neal S. Blaisdell Center Arena.
The mascot's name was Surgeo the Leopard.
The team existed from 1945 until 1959, and again from 1965-1971, playing in various senior and minor-professional leagues during that time.
The UC Davis Aggies are the athletic teams that represent the University of California, Davis.
Vaterpolo klub Partizan is a water polo club from Belgrade, Serbia.
Most of the Blue Jays are from either North Delta or Ladner, another community in Delta.
The Jersey Justice are an Independent Women's Tackle Football Team based in Carteret, New Jersey.
The Liberty Belles are named in honor of a team which played in the National Women's Football Association and Independent Women's Football League from 2001-2004.
Home games are played at the campuses of Seneca High School and Ballard High School.
The Burlington Chiefs are Junior "A" box lacrosse team from Burlington, Ontario, Canada.
Before joining NCAA Division I athletics, IPFW competed in the Great Lakes Valley Conference in the NCAA Division II.
In 2008–09, the team moved back to California, this time to Don Bosco Technical Institute in Rosemead.
The Aldinga Football Club is an Australian rules football club that was a foundation member of the Southern Football Association in 1886.
With the inception of the athletics program at the university in 1960 until 1990 the Huskies were a part of the NCAA.
In the 2010/11 season the club was champion of Catalonia for the first time.
The American Basketball Association is an American semi-professional men's basketball minor league that was founded in 1999.
The Wildcats joined American Indoor Football as an expansion team in 2015.
The Spokane Scorn was a team of the Women's Football Alliance based in Spokane, Washington, USA, which began its inaugural season in 2011.
The Lightning are owned by Mark Harwell, an entertainment industry executive, and play in the Gilbert Sports Arena on the campus of California Lutheran University.
The Spokane Spokes were a minor league professional ice hockey team that operated from 1958-1960 in the Western Hockey League.
The Grand Canyon Antelopes are the 21 athletic teams representing Grand Canyon University in Phoenix, Arizona, more commonly referred to as the Lopes.
Copenhagen Towers have won the Danish Championship game, known as the Mermaid Bowl, five times, in 1992, 1993, 1994, 1995 and 2013.
Sponsored women's teams are softball, volleyball, and water polo.
The Connecticut Crushers are a women's American football team based in Hartford, and a member of the Independent Women's Football League since 2009.
With an estimated population of 190,884 in 2014, the city is the core of the Salt Lake City metropolitan area, which has a population of 1,153,340.
The club is part of the sports society JSD Partizan.
The university also maintains membership in the Eastern College Athletic Conference.
During the existence of the Soviet Union the club was a part of the Voluntary Sports Societies of the USSR Vodnik.
The Oklahoma Wranglers was a professional arena football team based in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma.
On October 11, 2006, the team announced that they would not return for the 2007 season.
Before the merger, the ice hockey section had played two seasons in Division I when it was the top tier of Swedish hockey.
The Torch joined the reorganized Supreme Indoor Football for the 2017 season and the American Arena League for the 2018 season.
While the ice hockey programs are members of the Hockey East conference, the remaining teams are members of the Northeast-10 Conference.
Luckier than most localities that had an ABL team, Seattle was quickly awarded a WNBA franchise two years later.
The Philadelphia Bulldogs were a professional American football team based in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania that played in the Continental Football League beginning in 1965.
In 1963 then–football coach Russ Faulkinberry changed the nickname of the football team from "Bulldogs" to "Ragin' Cajuns," a nod to the school's location in Acadiana.
USA sponsors 8 men's sports teams and 9 women's sports teams.
The Adelaide Cricket Club was formed on 12 September 1905.
The Atlanta Vision was an American Basketball Association team based in Atlanta.
The Arkansas Stars were a professional Indoor football team based out of Fayetteville, Arkansas, United States.
On December 15, 2012, St. John's and the other six Catholic, non-FBS schools announced that they were departing the former Big East for a new conference.
The Bulldog women's ice hockey program has won five NCAA Division I national titles.
They lost to the Denver Racquets in the Western Division Championship Series ending their season.
In addition to their three national championships, the Giants won regional titles in 2011, 2012, and 2013.
Olympiacos lifted the LEN Euroleague title undefeated and having won 8 straight matches without even a single draw.
Louis Triton athletic programs compete in NCAA Division II and are members of the Great Lakes Valley Conference.
The NYIT Bears are part of the East Coast Conference, and the baseball team was part of the Great West Conference until it disbanded.
Women's sports include volleyball, cross country, and softball.
These teams are referred to as the Tulsa Golden Hurricane.
They are part of NCAA's Division I's Mountain West Conference.
The team is overseen by the Belgian Quidditch Federation, the head organisation of all quidditch in Belgium.
After the 2004 season, the franchise folded.
The club was founded in 1887 and went out of existence in March 2010.
They will participate in men's and women's volleyball and men's and women's basketball.
The Patriots played their home games at the McMorran Arena.
Beginning with the 2009 season, they were renamed the West Dublin Rhinos.
They have been members of Summit League of the NCAA's Division I since the 2011–12 school year.
In 2014, they changed their name to the South Dublin Panthers.The team practices are held at Westmanstown, Garda Rugby Club in Lucan.
The Salt Lake Lions were a professional Ultimate Disc team in the Western Conference of the American Ultimate Disc League.
They compete in the National Collegiate Athletic Association's Division I.
The Québec Saints are an Australian rules football club based in Montréal, Canada.
The team was announced as one of the league's charter members on February 25, 1999.
It won the first premiership of the league and also won in 2002.
The Lightning current home venue is County College of Morris.
Among the top players in their championship year were rushing back Claude Watts and receivers John Michael Drew, Dave Washington and H.D.
The TRU WolfPack are the athletic teams that represent Thompson Rivers University in Kamloops, British Columbia, Canada.
In 1949 the junior soccer team won the district championship.
While participating in the NSWGFL, the Astros came away with one championship in 1996.
They are the only Canadian team in a women's American football league.
After the league folded, they moved to the NIFL, became a charter member, and renamed themselves as the Ohio Valley Greyhounds.
The club also runs the women's Division 2 team 'Eslövstjejerna'.
The Pittsburgh Force is an inactive women's American Football team based in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
UKK bosna is a member of the Bosnian Karate Federation.
The Central Florida Jaguars, commonly known as the Jags, are a professional indoor football team based in Lakeland, Florida.
The Retrievers field 17 varsity sports, eight for men and nine for women.
Sanderson runs on a 2x4 block schedule; It was one of the first schools in the area to do so.
The MSL, and its counterpart, the Western Lacrosse Association, represent the highest level of competitive box lacrosse in Canada.
They were founded in 2012 as a team in the American Ultimate Disc League, but then moved to Major League Ultimate.
They won their first two titles in 1995 and 1998, but their best performance in the league came after coach Charis Pavlidis' arrival in 2007.
The club is also known as AEL, or simply Larissa, and its colors are maroon or crimson and white.
The team was founded in 2015 and played their inaugural season in 2016.
It plays in the Russian Bandy Super League, the top division of Russian bandy.
Currently, VK Osijek competes in the 1.
The Stanford Cardinal is the nickname of the athletic teams that represent Stanford University.
They were inaugural members of the af2, the Arena Football League's developmental league.
The Oklahoma Defenders were a professional indoor football team and a charter member of the Champions Professional Indoor Football League.
They would play their home games at Randal Tyson Track Center on the University of Arkansas campus.
For their lone 1963 season, the Warriors compiled an 8-7 record with home games being played at both Tuscaloosa County High School Stadium and Denny Stadium.
The Cedar Rapids Titans are a professional indoor football team based in Cedar Rapids, Iowa.
The South View Tigers are the sport team for South View High School.
The men's volleyball team played in the Swedish top division during the season of 2000–2001.
Until the early 1960s Coastal's teams were known as the Trojans.
Team Curse, also known as Curse eSports, was a North American eSports organization sponsored by Curse, Inc. and based in Los Angeles.
The Ljubljana Silverhawks are an American football team in Slovenia, founded in 2002 by a group of football fans from the Slovenian capital.
Bill Green has been the manager of the Reds since 1985, and is a member of the Major League Baseball Scouting Bureau.
They were in the Western Division with the Los Angeles Xtreme, Las Vegas Outlaws and Memphis Maniax.
The Sneakers played their home matches at the Bank of America Centre in Boise.
The club has played in Allsvenskan, the second tier league of Swedish bandy, for many years in a row.
From that point forward, the team moved to the Women's Football Alliance.
In 2008 California won the recently resurrected PSAC Championship game, claiming the conference title.
The CardSharks lost in the first round of the 2004 NIFL Playoffs to the Lexington Horsemen.
The Thunderbirds compete in NCAA Division I and joined the Big Sky Conference on July 1, 2012 after departing from The Summit League.
The Tacoma Tide are a basketball team set to begin play for the 2009 International Basketball League season.
They also collected the gold medal in the Hungarian cup in 1972 and 2007.
The Lions compete as members of the Lone Star Conference for all 12 varsity sports.
Founded in 1841 at 412 Houston Street in Manhattan, it was known initially as Manhattanville College of the Sacred Heart.
The Current Coach is Brett Chapman & the President is Chris Pearson.
It got me prepared for doing a cannonball into the world of pro baseball."
The team was based in Washington, D.C., with home games at the under-renovation D.C. Armory.
The Stars were defunct after its initial season.
The Argonauts compete as members of the Pacific West Conference for all sports except for men’s lacrosse, which competes in the Western Intercollegiate Lacrosse Association.
In 1978 and 1979 the team culminated its golden era winning its seventh national championship and its second European Cup.
The Oklahoma Thunder are an American football team based in Tulsa, Oklahoma.
IFK Motala play at the Motala Isstadion.
The club was founded in 1908 as "Macedonikos Gymnasticos Syllogos" and is one of the oldest and most historic sports-clubs in Greece.
The club was formed in 1996 in a merger of the two local sides Saarbrücken Wölfe and Dillingen Steelhawks.
In 2003, Myponga changed its name to the Myponga-Sellicks Football Club to expand its catchment area.
In 1988, Stephens, another former Demon running back, of the New England Patriots, was named Offensive/AFC Rookie of the year.
They played their home games at Pete Edwards Field.
Juventude Ouriense is a Rink Hockey team from Ourém, Portugal.
The Alcorn State Braves and Lady Braves represent Alcorn State University in Lorman, Mississippi in intercollegiate athletics.
The Empire State Roar is a Women's American football team.
The Holy Cross Crusaders are the athletic teams representing the College of the Holy Cross.
The Heat finished the 2005 season a dismal 8–16, tied for last place in the WBA's Eastern Conference.
Budapesti Honvéd Sport Egyesület is a Hungarian water polo club, that is part of the Budapest-based multi-sports club with the same name.
Hotshot Ashley Champion finished third in scoring at 27.4 ppg.
Select home games are nationally televised live via Internet TV.
The Darebin Falcons have two Soccer teams competing in the Football Federation Victoria Women's State League Div 3 & Div 4 North West
The Roman army, for most of the Imperial period, consisted mostly of auxiliaries rather than legions.
The university has 10 varsity teams - football, men's and women's soccer, men's and women's rugby, wrestling, men's and women's hockey and men's and women's basketball.
The Pacers compete as members of the Peach Belt Conference for all 11 varsity sports.
Baseball was dropped after the 2016 season, and the swimming & diving teams were dropped after the 2016–17 season.
The team's 2010 season was cancelled after a steroid scandal, the biggest ever in CIS Football history.
The Arkansas Razorbacks are the only major sports team in the US with a porcine nickname, though the Texas A&M–Kingsville Javelinas play in Division II.
They played their home games at St. Martin's Episcopal School.
The Tocumwal Football Club, nicknamed the Bloods, is an Australian Rules Football club playing in the Picola & District Football League.
In its first year, the Wildfire had the best record in the Midwest and qualified for the playoffs in its first three seasons.
The school colors are royal blue and gold.
Their first year of competition was 2013.
Therefore, the club's full name can be translated and/or interpreted as Pan-Hellenic Gymnastics Club.
The Knights were the third Indoor Football Team based in Northern Illinois.
Prior to 2011, Centenary was a member of the NCAA Division I, and competed in the Summit League.
The Sun Devil mascot, Sparky, was designed by former Disney illustrator Bert Anthony.
The Mocs compete in the NCAA Division I Football Championship Subdivision and are members of the Southern Conference.
In 2012, in their first season as a member of the WFA, the Jynx finished as the undefeated division champions of the American Conference Division 14,.
In September 2013, it was announced that Matt Umentum, Tom Burgess, John Meyer, and Bob Weyers sold their ownership shares to Larry and Kathy Treankler.
Then in 2004 it moved to Dallas, and was known as the Dallas Fury, where it won the league championship that year.
The Anacondas were the first IFL team to have gone through not just one coach but two.
Rennie Football Club is an Australian rules football club based in the southern Riverina town of Rennie.
The Delaware Fightin' Blue Hens are the athletic teams of the University of Delaware of Newark, Delaware, in the United States.
The club colours are red and blue.
The West Texas Wildcatters were a professional indoor football team based in Odessa, Texas.
For the 2012 season, the Roughnecks moved to the Lone Star Football League.
Jones was easily the most widely recognized of the ABL coaches.
The Webber International University Warriors are the athletic teams for Webber International University in Crooked Lake, Florida.
The Furman Paladins are the varsity athletic teams representing Furman University in Greenville, South Carolina in intercollegiate athletics.
The Miami Hurricanes are the varsity sports teams of the University of Miami, located in the Coral Gables suburb of Miami, Florida.
The Youngstown Pride was a professional basketball team that competed in the World Basketball League during the late 1980s and early 1990s.
The Fairfield Stags are the athletic programs representing Fairfield University in Fairfield, Connecticut.
Despite finishing with a 5-3 record, the Outlaws missed the playoffs.
Inglewood Cobras was a professional basketball team of the American Basketball Association.
Their sophomore season was not as successful, as they were only credited two wins that season.
They played their home games at the Richard E. Berry Educational Support Center in Cypress, Texas.
The team was owned by Peter "Woody" Kern and led by head coach Michael Trigg.
The Bulldogs played their home games at Coquitlam's Town Centre Stadium.
The UOIT Ridgebacks have been competing in Ontario University Athletics since 2006 and have been a member of Canadian Interuniversity Sport since 2008.
Its wrestling program, the only one sponsored by an SEC member school, competes in the Mid-American Conference.
After finishing 5-1 in their 2007 debut season as an X-Team, the Phoenix began full-time play in 2008 as a member of Tier II.
The Mountaineers compete in Division I of the National Collegiate Athletic Association and were a member of the Southern Conference between 1972 and 2014.
The Bisons compete in the NCAA Division I and are members of the Atlantic Sun Conference.
Mygdonia Badminton Athletic Club is a leading badminton club based in Drimos, Thessaloniki Greece.
Swartz Creek Community School District is a public school district in Genesee County in the U.S. state of Michigan and in the Genesee Intermediate School District.
The only European clubs, besides Olympiacos, that have achieved such a rare feat after 2002 are Jug Dubrovnik, Pro Recco, Partizan and Crvena Zvezda.
The Southern Jaguars and Lady Jaguars represent Southern University in NCAA intercollegiate athletics.
Balmain Tigers Water Polo Club is an Australian club water polo team that competes in the National Water Polo League.
The Surge won the game 40 - 36, thanks to a last second interception.
The Humboldt State Lumberjacks are the 12 varsity athletic teams that represent Humboldt State University, located in Arcata, California, in NCAA Division II intercollegiate sports.
They clinched the division after defeating the Portland Fighting Fillies 33 - 13 in Portland.
The Wichita Falls Nighthawks are a professional Indoor American football team based in Wichita Falls, Texas.
The Lamar Cardinals and Lady Cardinals refers to the college athletics teams of Lamar University, in Beaumont, Texas.
The Sacramento Spartans are a professional indoor football team based California.
In 1938, Edwardstown merged with the Black Forest Football Club from the Adelaide and Suburban Football Association but retained the name Edwardstown.
Cheer Extreme Allstars is a branch of cheerleading and competition dance gyms found throughout North Carolina, Maryland, Illinois and Virginia.
The Throwbacks took that opportunity and played in the PBL's inaugural season in its Central Division.
Most recently the Rebels played in the Shamrock Bowl North Division finishing with a regular season record of 7-1
The Queens Royals are the athletic teams that represent Queens University of Charlotte, located in Charlotte, North Carolina, in NCAA Division II intercollegiate sporting competitions.
The Force's home games are played at Intrust Bank Arena.
The Chargers' 14 athletics teams, 6 for men and 8 for women, compete as members of the Northeast-10 Conference.
The club plays its Senior Home Games at Glandore Oval, Glandore, South Australia.
The men's ice hockey team has won 4 CIS national championship since they were founded in 1970.
This return only lasted for one season as Morphett Vale went into recess due to the First World War.
They finished the Season with a 26-22 record.
It has the trifolium as its official emblem, symbol of harmony, unity, nature, and good luck.
The CEO/General Manager, Alexis Levi-Scott, became the first African American female owner in professional basketball when she purchased the team.
The Athletics play in the OLA Junior A Lacrosse League.
In the league's brief history, the Quest was its most successful franchise, winning both championships the league awarded.
The men's wrestling team has been the most successful team at the national level, winning the Canadian Interuniversity Sport championship four times.
The Fort Scott Greyhounds are the sports teams of Fort Scott Community College located in Fort Scott, Kansas, United States.
The team began play in the fall of 2004.
The Club are known as the 'Lions' wearing a maroon jumper with gold chevron.
The Texas Fuel, formerly the South Texas Showboats, are a basketball team in the American Basketball Association.
The Minutemen and Minutewomen compete in NCAA Division I sports competition primarily as members of the Atlantic 10 Conference.
The football team is a member of the Division I Football Championship Subdivision Missouri Valley Football Conference.
Harding began in the Gulf South Conference in 2000 before moving to the newly formed Great American Conference in 2011.
The Barrie Lakeshores are Junior "A" box lacrosse team from Barrie, Ontario, Canada.
The Mississauga Tomahawks are a Junior "B" box lacrosse team from Mississauga, Ontario, Canada.
They were originally called the Welland Warlords.
The Zips name comes from "zippers", rubber overshoes made by the BF Goodrich Company that were popular in the 1920s and 1930s.
Men's sports include baseball, basketball, cheerleading, cross country, football, golf, soccer, swimming and diving, tennis, track and field, and wrestling.
The Knights experienced success in the 1977-78 season, leading the league in attendance and often playing before sellout crowds.
The athletic program is made up of seven men's sports and 10 women's sports.
IFK Öxnehaga is a sports club in Öxnehaga in Huskvarna, Sweden, established in 1955 as IFK Huskvarna.
The Ingolstadt Dukes are a German American football team from Ingolstadt, Bavaria.
The team had losing records in each of its five seasons.
Bennie King, head coach, said that he is currently looking into two leagues for the future.
Visitors and residents also have many options for boating, golf, hiking, rock climbing.
Charleston Southern Buccaneers are the athletic teams that represent Charleston Southern University.
The rowing and sailing teams also participate in east coast conferences.
PLNU was previously a member of the NAIA's Golden State Athletic Conference.
The men's bandy team played in the Swedish top division in 1942. and 1943.
Other sports have won a variety of conference titles, regularly compete in NCAA championship events, and have produced a plethora of professional and olympic athletes.
The Central Oklahoma Bronchos, often referred to as Central Oklahoma, Central State or UCO, are the intercollegiate athletic teams representing University of Central Oklahoma.
Paul Sir was head coach and general manager of the Edmonton Energy.
On March 20, 2017, the ABA announced Marsha as its new CEO for the WABA.
The Mustangs are currently members of the Lone Star Conference after previously being members of the Rocky Mountain Athletic Conference.
Other notable Stingrays included Beverly Williams, Michelle Marciniak, and the former Olympian Venus Lacy.
The Trojans compete as members of the Central Intercollegiate Athletic Association for all 14 varsity sports.
RSD Sloboda Tuzla, or Workers Sport Society Sloboda is sports organisation based in Tuzla, Bosnia and Herzegovina.
The Vultures are Atlanta's second AIF team, following the Atlanta Sharks who began play in 2014 and folded during the 2015 season.
The St. Louis Trotters are a semi-professional basketball team who compete in the Independent Basketball Association.
Liberty University is the second youngest school in NCAA Division I, founded in 1971.
The Lubbock Renegades were an expansion member of the af2.
The H-Town Texas Cyclones were a team of the Independent Women's Football League.
In three sports not sponsored by the America East, Binghamton has separate conference memberships.
The university's baseball team plays at War Memorial Stadium.
The full name of the club is Athlitikos Politistikos Syllogos Aias Evosmou/APS Aias Evosmou.
Altogether, Randolph–Macon sponsors 17 sports: 8 for men and 9 for women.
The Tulsa Threat is the only current women's tackle football team in the state of Oklahoma.
The football team of Panathinaikos is the only Greek team that has reached the UEFA Champions League final and also the semi-finals twice.
The RiverCity Rage were a professional indoor football team.
The Edge play their home games at the U.S. Cellular Coliseum.
Based in Toledo, Ohio they play in the spring and early summer, usually between April and July.
The team had the first of several try-out camps in late April.
The Bethune–Cookman Wildcats are the athletic teams that represent Bethune–Cookman University in Daytona Beach, Florida.
The Dukes compete in Division I of the National Collegiate Athletic Association as members of the Atlantic 10 Conference.
The Mavericks compete as members of the Rocky Mountain Athletic Conference for all 21 varsity sports.
Walsh will depart the GLIAC, of which the Cavaliers have been a member since 2012, for the Great Midwest Athletic Conference in 2017.
The club is based in the town of Smithton.
The men's bandy team played in the Swedish top division in the season of 1963–1964.
It is best known for its women's team, which has played in the División de Honor since 2009.
The organization also fields Halo, Counter-Strike: Global Offensive, Super Smash Bros., and Call of Duty teams, and previously included a Dota 2 team.
With over 200 All Americans, 31 NCAA Championships, and 65 Olympians in its history, there is a long tradition of excellence in Pioneer sports.
Former coaches include Matt Doherty, Rex Walters, and Sidney Green.
The Assassins were members of the Women's Football Alliance.
They were known as the Huntsville Legionaires in 1965, Huntsville Tornadoes in 1966, and as the Huntsville Hawks from 1967 to the present.
The club was established in 1927 and was known as the "bandy pride of Ångermanland", also nicknamed Timmerkusarna.
The team was founded in 1999 as the Sioux City Attack.
Team Dragon Knights formed in September 2014.
The Austin Peay mascot is The Governor, and the school colors are red and white.
The Orangeville Northmen are Junior "B" box lacrosse team from Orangeville, Ontario, Canada.
That club currently plays in the modern Hockeyettan, the third tier of Swedish hockey, as of the 2013–14 season.
The club runs bandy and soccer, earlier even bandy and floorball.
The club currently plays in the Southern Football League in Tasmania, Australia.
"I've been unable to devote the time it requires to make it a quality product like the Silvertips and AquaSox," Adams said.
The Titans are a member of the National Collegiate Athletic Association at the Division I level.
The Sting is one of two San Diego teams in the WFA, the other one being the San Diego Surge.
The Presbyterian College Blue Hose are the athletic teams of Presbyterian College, located in Clinton, South Carolina, United States.
Men's and women's rodeo compete in the Ozark Region of the National Intercollegiate Rodeo Association.
The American Basketball Association is an American semi-professional men's basketball minor league that was founded in 1999.
Thirteen schools including Georgia Tech split in 1932 to form the Southeastern Conference.
The owners of the Phoenix Flame will also be the owners of the new IBL team in Arizona, the Arizona Lightning.
The Bobcats are 1946 charter members of the Mid-American Conference.
The Steel won their fourth straight game, 69-41 at Fayetteville, April 29.
The Indian Aces is a tennis team based in New Delhi, Delhi, India that competes in the International Premier Tennis League.
The primary owners were: Kenny Easley, Jr, Bruce Smith and Billy Mann, who was also the General Manager.
Happy Valley FC has produced a number of Australian Football League players including Ben Rutten, Nathan Eagleton, Jason Porplyzia, Beau Waters, Matthew Rogers and Tom McNamara.
The school's official mascot is Luie the Tiger.
One of the team's skaters predicted that Sweden would finish in the top five at the World Cup.
Following the 2014 season, the Steam joined American Indoor Football for the 2015 season.
There is no varsity baseball or football team.
Bob Knight, the most victorious coach in men's Division I basketball history, coached the Red Raiders men's basketball team from 2001 to 2008.
They play their home games at the Lindner Fitness Center at Judson University in Elgin, Illinois.
During their most recent season, home games were played at Franklin High School in Livonia.
In 1968–69 the club reached the third place of the Zone South of the Second League.
LBK was foundeded in 1943 and is playing at Gamla Idrottsparken in Ljusdal, Hälsingland.
Based in Tallahassee, Florida, the Jewels play their home games on the campus of Godby High School.
Chicago's Eddie Phillips scored three touchdowns, including one in the last minute, but the Bruisers fell to the Vise by a score of 33-30.
With WTT's contraction of the Las Vegas Neon in 2014, the Wild became the oldest franchise currently operating in the league.
In recent years several club members have participated in the Ski jumping World Cup, including Kristoffer Jaafs, Carl Nordin, Isak Grimholm, and Jakob Grimholm.
They are a member of the West Coast Conference for most sports.
Reynella joined the Southern Football Association in 1948 where they have remained ever since.
The men's team played in the Grand Final against UNSW Wests Magpies and finished with a silver medal.
Founded in 1961, the team competes at the elementary school, high school, and college levels.
The Nathalia Football Club, nicknamed the Purples, is an Australian Rules Football club playing in the Murray Football League.
The El Paso Generals was a professional indoor football team that played in the Indoor Football League in the 2009 season.
Altogether, Lynchburg sponsors 19 sports: 8 for men, 9 for women, and 2 co-ed.
They played four seasons in the Arena Football League from 2004 to 2007 and spent one season in af2, the AFL's developmental league, in 2008.
The Cougars compete as members of the Rocky Mountain Athletic Conference for all 13 varsity sports.
The club, formed in 2007, won promotion to the German Football League 2, the second tier of league football in Germany, in 2011.
Home games are played at Northeast Guilford High school in McLeansville, North Carolina.
The facility is listed as the seventh-biggest primary/secondary school fieldhouse in the United States.
The Kansas City Soul is an American basketball team who plays in the American Basketball Association professional league.
Most of the facilities that the teams use for training and competitive play are located on the East Bank of the Minneapolis campus.
For the 2012-13 academic year, under bylaws of its previous conference, the Colonial Athletic Association, ODU was ineligible for conference championships in team sports in 2012–13.
The Savannah Sabers are a team of the Women's Football Alliance which began play in 2011.
For their next three seasons, they were a member of the new Southern Indoor Football League.
The USC Trojans are the athletic teams that represent the University of Southern California, located in Los Angeles, California.
The owners of the Blue Racers are LaMonte and Shavonne Coleman.
The university and all of its intercollegiate sports teams compete in the Pennsylvania State Athletic Conference within the NCAA Division II.
The athletic department is supported with private money from the Gamecock Club.
They played their home games in the Reunion Arena, which they shared with the Dallas Mavericks of the National Basketball Association.
Southern District Oilers are a Gridiron team from Adelaide in the State of South Australia in Australia.
The Colombo Lions are a professional American football team based in Colombo, Sri Lanka.
The Prospect Hawks Football Club is an Australian rules football club which was a member of the Tasmanian State Football League from 2014 until 2016.
The Connecticut Coyotes were an arena football franchise based in Hartford, Connecticut.
Florida Gulf Coast became a full Division I member on August 11, 2011.
The Saint Mary's Gaels are the athletic teams that compete at Saint Mary's College of California in Moraga, California.
In 2013, the Towers returned to the Mermaid Bowl, which they won 28-21 against the Triangle Razorbacks.
They've also played at Falcon Field in nearby Meriden.
The Maine Black Bears are the athletic teams which represent the University of Maine.
The Maine Lynx are a team of the Women's Spring Football League which began play in 2012.
Some of its venues are the Jack Simpson Gymnasium, McMahon Stadium, Olympic Oval, Hawkings Field, University of Calgary Aquatic Centre and a 200m Running Track.
The Portland Fighting Fillies are a team of the Women's Football Alliance which began play for the 2010 season.
Schools must complete a membership process, spanning 3 years, before gaining active status and becoming eligible for championship competition.
Many expect the team to fold and not return for the 2016 season.
In 1957 it got its current named and was promoted to the elite of Soviet bandy starting with the next year.
The program's athletic director is Thorr Bjorn.
The Bandits compete in Champions Indoor Football as a member of the league's North Conference.
The bandy team played its home games at Flottarvallen.
Other grounds used for home games in the lower grades include the three grounds at the Paddocks Reserve.
Home games are played on the campus of Modesto Christian School.
Men's sports include baseball, football, and golf.
Based in Greendale, the Warriors played their home games on the campus of Greendale High School.
Most recently Uralochka was 4th in the 2012 championship and reached the LEN Trophy's quarterfinals.
The Ashland Eagles are the athletic teams that represent Ashland University, located in Ashland, Ohio, in NCAA Division II intercollegiate sports.
The East Central Tigers are the athletic teams that represent East Central University, located in Ada, Oklahoma, in NCAA Division II intercollegiate sports.
The men's basketball team won the NCAA national championship in 1977, and was a finalist in 1974 and a semifinalist in 2003.
The Glory played its home games in Forbes Arena.
The East Carolina Pirates are the athletic teams that represent East Carolina University in Greenville, North Carolina.
The Franklin Pierce Ravens are the intercollegiate athletic teams that represent Franklin Pierce University, located in Rindge, New Hampshire, in NCAA sporting competitions.
the Gargoyle, and the school colors are red and white.
Based in Atlanta, Georgia, the Vultures were to play their home games at the Georgia International Convention Center.
In 2013 and 2014, the team was known as the Washington Eagles.
The Bangalore Warhawks are a professional American football team based in Bangalore, India.
Tasmanian University Football Club is an Australian football club associated with the University of Tasmania.
"I think it got me prepared for what I was getting into.
After the dissolution of that conference in 1996, the Cougars became charter members of Conference USA.
Panathinaikos Athlitikos Omilos, also known simply as Panathinaikos, is a major Greek multi-sport club based in the City of Athens.
In 2013, Louisville defeated the Michigan Wolverines to win the 2013 Men's Basketball NCAA Championship, capturing their third such championship in school history.
The Phoenix played in the Women's Football Alliance.
The RMIT Redbacks are the semi-professional university sports team collective of the Royal Melbourne Institute of Technology.
The Chicago Throwbacks were a team of the Premier Basketball League that begin play in fall 2007.
Twin City Twisters, commonly shortened to TCT, is an artistic gymnastics facility located in Champlin, Minnesota.
The swimming section has provided three swimmers for the Summer Olympics between the 1980 and 2004 editions: Natalia Más, Cristina Rey and Laura Roca.
The franchise was owned by the conglomerate, BOP group in 2013.
is among the key members of the Galatasaray Community Cooperation Committee together with Galatasaray University and the prestigious Lycée de Galatasaray.
The Cowboys have played 35 out of a possible 38 seasons at the highest level of the game in Germany, more than any other club.
Reynella first joined an organised competition in 1914, the Mid-Southern Football Association, playing in that competition until the end of 1918.
They were members of the Mountain West division of the Intense Conference of the Indoor Football League.
The club was a powerhouse of Russian bandy for decades.
During the Second World War, Sturt combined with the Brighton and Seacliff club from 1942 to 1945, winning two premierships as a combined entity.
Based in Mobile, Alabama, they played in 2001.
Women's sports include volleyball, lacrosse, and softball.
Maywood is a small city in southeast Los Angeles County, California.
They suspended operations for the 2010 season before becoming an inaugural member of the Ultimate Indoor Football League.
Wake Forest has won a total of eight national championships in four different sports; four of these championships have come since 2002.
On September 18, 2009 the new mascot, which was voted on by students, was revealed; Johnny Thunderbird.
Active within bandy, the club earlier even ran soccer, track and field athletics, skiing and table tennis activity.
The award was in part because of the Terriers success in Men's Soccer, Men's Basketball and Women's Basketball.
Collectively, the Presidents have won more than 108 Presidents' Athletic Conference championships.
The Redhawks are arch-rivals with the Ohio Bobcats.
Based in Atlanta, Georgia, they played from 2001 to 2002.
The women's bowling program competes in the Southland Bowling League, a single-sport conference formed in January 2015.
The Northern Colorado Bears are the varsity athletic teams representing the University of Northern Colorado in Greeley, Colorado in intercollegiate athletics.
SKA-Neftyanik is a professional bandy club from Khabarovsk, Russia, established in 1947.
The Baltimore Nighthawks support several charitable organizations focused on breast cancer research, healthcare for the homeless, child abuse and hunger.
Originally based in Wayne, New Jersey, the Titans played their home games on the campus of Passaic County Technical Institute through their 2010 season.
Since that time, teams and individuals have earned honor and glory through conference and national championships.
Russell Conwell, Temple's founder, encouraged these students with the remark: "The owl of the night makes the eagle of the day."
The Edmonton Energy is a professional basketball team in the International Basketball League, formerly known as the Edmonton Chill.
The St. Bonaventure Bonnies are the varsity intercollegiate athletic programs of St. Bonaventure University, based in Allegany, New York, United States.
UPEI also offers a club level men's rugby team.
The Central Oregon Hotshots were a team in the International Basketball League based in Bend, Oregon.
The University of Texas at Austin is the flagship institution of the University of Texas System.
Vizantinos Athlitikos Omilos or VAO is a multi-sport club in the city of Thessaloniki.
The Illinois Fighting Illini are the intercollegiate athletic teams of the University of Illinois at Urbana–Champaign.
The Lions compete in the NCAA Division II and are members of the Mid-America Intercollegiate Athletics Association.
The nickname was coined in 1932 by Dr. Harry C. "Curley" Byrd, then the school's football coach and later the school's president.
During its first two seasons, the Thunder was a member of the Women's Football Alliance
The Blue Devils compete in the NCAA Division I Football Championship Subdivision and are members of the Northeast Conference.
In their second year the men's team qualified for the 2015 NWPL Finals which were held at Sydney Olympic Pool and finished 5th.
Hackham FC has produced one Australian Football League player, Chris Hall, formerly of Port Adelaide.
Oral Roberts currently competes in the Summit League as of July 1, 2014.
The Devils home games are played at Lambeth Arena.
is the volleyball team of the Greek sports club Pannaxiakos A.O.N..
Back-to-Back post-season losses was too much to handle, as in 2003, they went 6-10, last in the Atlantic Division.
and was established in 1989 out of IK Tord's women's soccer section.
The Buds won the 1984 and 1985 TeamTennis championships before folding following the 1985 season.
That team, despite widespread fan support, folded after only six games into their only season because of their owner's indictment on various charges.
Because of their accomplishments Fnatic's LoL team is usually considered the best western team in history.
The school's mascot is Otto the Orange.
The Laredo Law is a now-defunct Arena Football League's AF2 expansion team.
The Desperados played in the Eastern Division of the Arena Football League from 2002 to 2008.
They Heroes finished as runner-up in 2013 and 2014.
The group holds Elevate: Lift One Another Up, an annual dance concert and cheerdance competition in the University.
Head coach Kevin Keathley led the team to a winning season and a playoff appearance.
The club had hoped to get help from the City of Gothenburg, but the city said no.
The club is part of the sports society JSD Partizan and was established on August 15, 1953.
The Oklahoma City Lightning is a full-contact women's American football team in the Women's Spring Football League based in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma.
The club also holds many more unique records in the domestic competitions.
Massachusetts Institute of Technology's intercollegiate sports teams, called the MIT Engineers, compete mostly in NCAA Division III.
The Cavalry became a charter member of the National Indoor Football League in 2001 following the original IFL's purchase by the Arena Football League's Orlando Predators.
Their games were broadcast live locally on News Talk 910 KBLG AM and online through Teamline.
The club is geographically set in Melbourne's West as part of a decision by AFL Victoria to have clubs in all regions of the state.
The team was originally known as the New York Sets and won the 1976 WTT championship under that name led by Billie Jean King.
The Channel Football Club was an Australian rules football club currently playing in the Old Scholars Football Association, also known as Old Scholars.
The UNC Greensboro Spartans are the athletic teams of University of North Carolina at Greensboro in Greensboro, North Carolina.
On Wednesday, October 22, 2008, the Wildcats hired Lance Brown as their new head coach.
The following year of 2002, the Outlaws finished 7-2 and made the IWFL playoffs.
Founded in 2007, the Steam first played in the 2008-09 ABA season.
Its women's team won both the national championship and the national cup, and it took part in the European Cup, reaching the quarter-finals in 2010.
The Dawgs played their home games at the Seven Bridges Ice Arena in 2013.
Unfortunately, the Knockouts will not be playing this season.
The Hawks sent several notable players on to the NFL including Jeff Van Note, Chip Myers, Glen Condren, and Art Strahan, uncle of Michael Strahan.
The women's soccer activity was transferred to Östers IF in 1983, leading to the establishments of Östers IF dam.
They work systematically for a year before the Robocon India competition.
Players were to be called back to participate in Noise summer basketball events with the opportunity to make the final camp in November.
The Detroit Fury was an arena football team based in Auburn Hills, Michigan.
The club sends a number of its athletes to international tournaments such as the World Championships, European Championships, and Summer Olympics.
The Wildcatters began play in 2014 an expansion team in the Lone Star Football League.
The basketball, swimming & diving, and volleyball teams play in the Esbjornson Gymnasium.
The Indianapolis Greyhounds are the athletic teams that represent the University of Indianapolis, located in Indianapolis, Indiana, in NCAA Division II intercollegiate sports.
The Minnesota Black Ice is a semi-professional women's basketball team of the Women's Blue Chip Basketball League.
Trinity's varsity teams compete in the New England Small College Athletic Conference of the National Collegiate Athletic Association Division III.
On October 27, 1978, Berg folded the Apples after their fifth season.
Jugoslovensko sportsko društvo Partizan, commonly abbreviated as JSD Partizan, is a multi-sport club from Belgrade, Serbia.
The women's soccer section was inactive for a while during the first decade of the 2000s, before being restarted.
On 1 June 2001, the club became an alliance club.
The club was established in 2002 and is the only major baseball club in Macedonia and one of the most important in Greece.
The Hawks compete in the NCAA Division I and are members of the Metro Atlantic Athletic Conference, joining on July 1, 2013.
It was founded in 1981, when two clubs fusioned.
The team played its home games at the Hersheypark Arena for all of its 3 seasons.
The golf teams have won four state championships since 2004.
It was one of the eight charter teams in the AUDL, having competed in the league’s Midwestern Conference since its inception in 2012.
The Rollins Tars are the athletic teams that represent Rollins College, located in Winter Park, Florida, in NCAA Division II intercollegiate sports.
The University of Tennessee Volunteers are Vanderbilt's primary athletic rival, and the only other SEC team in the state of Tennessee.
Although the club has been home to various auxiliary groups, the primary activities of the club remain soccer and cultural dancing.
The school's sports teams were initially known as the Rebels.
It has hosted both Bandy World Championships and World Speed Skating Championships.
The Buffaloes, colloquially known as the Buffs and Lady Buffs, compete as members of the Lone Star Conference for all 14 varsity sports.
The Richmond Black Widows are a women's American football team playing out of Richmond, Virginia.
The best result it has achieved in the A1 Ethniki Water Polo is the second place.
Manhattanville's mission is to "educate students to become ethically and socially responsible leaders for the global community".
The Erie Illusion is a women's football team playing in the United States Women's Football League and they are based in Erie, Pennsylvania.
The Midwestern State Mustangs are the athletic teams that represent Midwestern State University, located in Wichita Falls, Texas, in NCAA Division II intercollegiate sports.
One MIT sport, women's rowing, competes in Division I in the Eastern Association of Women's Rowing Colleges.
The team moved to Indianapolis, Indiana in 2000 and played as the Indiana Firebirds through 2004 before disbanding.
Hollis replaced Ron Mason, who also served as head hockey coach from 1979 to 2002, retiring with a 608–261–68 record at MSU.
In football, Wabash has an important rivalry with DePauw University, and each season they meet for the Monon Bell Classic.
After the Bombers folded, the Salina Liberty were started as a new indoor football franchise.
The Barooga Football Club, nicknamed the Hawks, is an Australian Rules Football club playing in the Murray Football League.
General manager Allison Hodges was the wife of former Chicago Bulls star Craig Hodges, and former Bulls assistant Jim Cleamons was head coach.
Waverley is diverse and has numerous grades available for all standards of men and women.
The Chicago Owls were a professional American football team based in Chicago, Illinois.
There are also several intercollegiate sports clubs such as men's soccer, men's and women's lacrosse, surf team, Ultimate Frisbee and men's rugby.
The team was first formed to compete at the 2011 Roller Derby World Cup and finished the tournament in ninth place.
The Stars left the IFL after one season and joined the Texas-based Lone Star Football League where they would play for two seasons.
The team dissolved in November 2007 after completing one season.
The Bridgewater Eagles are the athletic teams that represent Bridgewater College, located in Bridgewater, Virginia, in NCAA Division III intercollegiate sports.
The Lübeck Cougars are an American football team from Lübeck, Germany.
In past seasons, the Surge played at Marauder Stadium on the campus of Mira Mesa Senior High School.
They participate in the NCAA's Division II and in the MIAA Conference.
They are currently members of the International Basketball League and began play in the league in 2013.
They are members of the Eastern Conference of the American Ultimate Disc League.
The football game played between the two is known as the "Biggest Little Game in America" and hosted College GameDay in 2007.
The Minnesota Muskies were a member of the American Basketball Association, born with the league's creation on February 2, 1967.
The club is based in the town of Nathalia located in north east Victoria.
The Raptors played their home games at Rockford MetroCentre in Rockford, Illinois.
Players from the Greater Trenton area who have made their marks with the Steel include quarterback E.J.
NBA Basketball player Hamed Haddadi and Olympic games Weightlifting Medalists Behdad Salimi and Navvab Nasirshalal are notable athletes at the club.
Since the closure of Ravenswood High School, Menlo-Atherton has been racially diverse, drawing from Atherton, Menlo Park, Redwood City, East Palo Alto, and Portola Valley.
The Blitz are the second ABA franchise to be based in Birmingham.
With the collapse of the National Rookie League, the team ceased operations.
Baylor's men's sports teams are named the Bears, and some women's teams are named the Lady Bears.
Matt Kilcullen is an American former college basketball coach and current athletics administrator at the University of North Florida.
They played in the Western Division with the Los Angeles Xtreme, San Francisco Demons and Memphis Maniax.
The Fresno Pacific Sunbirds are the 16 varsity athletic teams that represent Fresno Pacific University, located in Fresno, California, in NCAA Division II intercollegiate sports.
The team played in Pacific Bell Park in San Francisco; despite having the smallest stadium in the league, they also had the highest average attendance.
The Lightning joined af2 2006 as an expansion team.
Also scoring table tennis successes, the club won the Swedish women's national team championship in 2002.
The Billikens compete in Division I of the National Collegiate Athletic Association as a member of the Atlantic 10 Conference.
All of Le Moyne's athletes participate in service activities, and are particularly active in raising funds for the Make a Wish Foundation.
The Steel City Renegades are a team in the Women's Spring Football League set to begin play for 2010.
In 2012, the Wildfire won their first ever championship, winning the WSFL's 8-man division title.
The Oregon Ducks are the athletic teams that represent the University of Oregon in Eugene, Oregon.
The Armstrong State Pirates are the athletic teams that represent Armstrong State University, located in Savannah, Georgia, in NCAA Division II intercollegiate sports.
The head coach was former LSU quarterback Alan Risher.
It now competes in the Kyabram District Football League, where they field three teams in three grades of football, and five grades of Netball.
It is best known for its women's team, which won three of the first four editions of the LEN Champions' Cup.
New Mexico State University's teams are called the Aggies, a nickname derived from the university's agricultural beginnings.
The Blues play their senior home games at the Price Memorial Oval at Angas Road, Hawthorn, South Australia.
Yankalilla was originally a member of the Fleurieu Football Association until it joined the Great Southern Football Association in 1935.
In 2005, the af2 owned the team, and was operated by the owner of the Bakersfield Condors.
The CBU Capers are the athletic teams that represent Cape Breton University in Sydney, Nova Scotia.
Bryant University athletics started out as a member of the National Association of Intercollegiate Athletics before it transitioned into Division II.
When the 2008-2009 list of PBL teams was released at the PBL website, Dallas was not listed on it and is, therefore, considered folded.
After defeating the Corvallis Pride in the qualifier, the Outlaws fell 24-4 to the New York Sharks in the championship game.
They were the first in the Rio Grande do Sul state.
The American Basketball Association is an American semi-professional men's basketball minor league that was founded in 1999.
The Spartans participate as members of the Big Ten Conference in all varsity sports.
The players representing this team are Greg Rusedski, Leander Paes, Garbiñe Muguruza, Somdev Devvarman, Vidit Vaghela and Rishika Sunkara.
The Dowling Golden Lions are the athletic teams that represent Dowling College, located in Oakdale, Long Island, New York, in NCAA Division II intercollegiate sporting competitions.
WTT suspended operations of the league in March 1979, ending the Racquets existence.
is a Greek multi-sport club based in Heraklion, Crete.
The Spartans play in the OLA Junior B Lacrosse League.
Some of the Rebels teams use variations of the team name for their individual sport, such as the Runnin' Rebels for men's basketball.
After playing the 2015 season as an independent, the team joined the Big East Conference in 2016.
Ohsweken Demons were a Canadian professional indoor lacrosse team that played in the Canadian Lacrosse League.
The Kitchener-Waterloo Braves are Junior "A" box lacrosse team from Kitchener, Ontario, Canada.
The Richmond Spiders represent the University of Richmond in Richmond, Virginia.
The Ironmen, along with the Ohsweken Demons, played out of the Iroquois Lacrosse Arena in Hagersville, Ontario.
The Kansas City Storm is a women's tackle football team based in Kansas City.
The Scrappers indicated, while not revealing any details, that the league did not have enough money to operate four teams for the 2015 season.
Borregos Salvajes ITESM-CEM is a college American football team that represents the Instituto Tecnologico y de Estudios Superiores de Monterrey, Campus Estado de Mexico.
Founded in 1834 as a female seminary, it is one of the oldest institutions of higher education for women in the United States.
Shorter is also an associate member of the Peach Belt Conference for track and field only.
StockholmsPolisens IF VattenpoloFörening or referred to shortly as Polisen is a water polo club originating from the former club of Stockholmspolisens IF.
A sniper's training incorporates a wide variety of subjects designed to increase value as a force multiplier and to ensure battlefield survival.
The organization was founded after Rick Fox bought the League of Legends Championship Series spot of Gravity Gaming for around US$1 million.
However, a later announcement indicated the Blacktips would return in the same traveling-team status it held in 2014, solely owned and operated by the league.
The Coquitlam Adanacs are a Canadian box lacrosse team based in Coquitlam, British Columbia.
Founded in 2000 as the Arkansas Twisters, the Little Rock-based team played 10 seasons in af2 before that league folded.
The Florida Tarpons are a professional indoor football team based in Estero, Florida, and is currently a member of the American Arena League.
The new franchise was testing the market to see if operating full-time would be a viable option.
In the inaugural game, the Nighthawks men were victorious over visiting Florida National University by a score of 82–71.
The Nighthawks compete in the Indoor Football League as a member of the league's United Conference.
The San Jose Spiders were a women's professional basketball team in the National Women's Basketball League.
The Rockford Fury was a Premier Basketball League team based in Rockford, Illinois.
The Lakers have been members of the GLIAC since 1972.
The Los Angeles Lightning is a professional basketball team in the Independent Basketball Association.
"I informed the league three weeks ago."
In 1988 they were European Cup runners-up.
The Liberty Flames and Lady Flames are the athletics teams of Liberty University, in Lynchburg, Virginia, United States.
Almost immediately, students on both campuses began objecting to the new name as a caricature and racial stereotype of Mexican, Latino, Chicano, and Hispanic culture.
The Shorter Hawks are the intercollegiate athletic teams of Shorter University, located in Rome, Georgia.
The Iowa Crush are a women's tackle football in the Independent Women's Football League
The Atlanta Sharks were a professional indoor football team based in Loganville, Georgia.
The Buzz won the 2006 Founders Cup Canadian National Champions.
The Chesapeake Tide were a former professional Indoor Football team based in Upper Marlboro, Maryland.
In this era it qualified for the play-offs on five occasions, advancing to the semi-finals in 1989.
They competed in the Intense Football League.
The Wildcats will resume play during the 2018 season and determine which league to join during the 2017 season.
Italy men's national canoe polo team is the national team side of Italy at international canoe polo.
Tech and Dawgs, refer to the sports teams of Louisiana Tech University, in Ruston, Louisiana.
Askeröds IF is a sports club in Askeröd, Sweden, established in 1944.
The Seton Hall Pirates are the athletic teams representing Seton Hall University.
The team was founded in 1995 as the original iteration of the Iowa Barnstormers, and relocated to New York in 2001.
The team is based in Presentation Brothers College Sports Ground, Cork.
The Phantoms were a member of the current American Basketball Association, and began play in December, 2009.
The North Texas Fresh is a semi-professional basketball team based in Fort Worth, Texas.
Based in the Washington Metropolitan Area, the Divas play their home games in Landover at Prince George's Sports and Learning Complex.
Virginia State has been a member of the conference since 1920.
The university is a member of the National Association of Intercollegiate Athletics, primarily competing in The Sun Conference, formerly known as the Florida Sun Conference.
and won the Swedish national championship in 1954.
The team was a member of the Continental Indoor Football League.
The Vanderbilt Commodores are the NCAA athletic teams of Vanderbilt University, located in Nashville, Tennessee.
They were member of the American Indoor Football league and played their home games at the Multiplex in Warrensville Heights.
The teams of Panathinaikos have played overall in 15 European and international finals.
The Chinooks are based in Chugiak, Alaska, United States.
The home games are played at Khimik Stadium in Kemerovo.
Maryville has been a full member of the GLVC since 2009 and became an active member of Division II in July 2011.
The Texas Woman's Pioneers are the athletic teams that represent Texas Woman's University, located in Denton, Texas, in NCAA Division II intercollegiate sports.
They were formally members of the Great Plains Athletic Conference from 2000-2011 and the South Dakota Interstate Conference until the year 2000.
After the 2013 season, the Rush announced that their operations were suspended and are currently not part of the Arena Football League.
Student-athletes, 630 in all, received all-conference academic honors from 1995 to 2004.
They were a member of the Great Lakes Division, of the United Conference of the Indoor Football League.
The exceptions were the school's lacrosse teams – the men in the ECAC Lacrosse League and the women in the Big East Conference.
Idrettsföreningen Friska Viljor is a Swedish ski jumping and Nordic combined club from Örnsköldsvik, Västernorrland County.
The women's soccer team played in the Swedish top division in 1979.
The Wildcats compete as members of the Northern Sun Intercollegiate Conference for all 11 varsity sports.
In 1975, the club won the Swedish national championship.
The Lone Star Mustangs are a team of the Women's Football Alliance.
The Philadelphia Liberty Belles are a team of the Women's Football Alliance which began play for its inaugural 2009 season.
VK Opatija is a Croatian water polo club based in Opatija.
The club played in the Swedish second division in the seasons of 1967-1968 and 1968-1969
The Calgary Crush is a minor league basketball franchise of the American Basketball Association which began play in the 2012–13 season.
State players include Mark Higgs, Chris Duval and Cameron Williams
The school also offers various intramural sports.
It has been around since the mid 90’s when a number of individuals began running the Leadville Trail 100.
Since 2016, Christies Beach has fielded Women's teams in the Adelaide Footy League.
After competing in B grade in season 2009, Ormond were narrowly relegated and subsequently moved down to C grade for 2010.
The latter team was created by Somali expats living in Borlänge and the well-known Borlänge Bandy coach Per Fosshaug is their head coach.
The Friars qualified for the WTT playoffs twice in their four seasons and won the 1978 Western Division Championship.
The Rams compete in Division I of the National Collegiate Athletic Association as members of the Atlantic 10 Conference.
The current athletic director is Jim Knowlton.
The Delaware Smash was a World TeamTennis team that was founded in 1987 as the New Jersey Stars.
The Steel were based in Trenton, New Jersey, with home games played at the Sun National Bank Center.
Founded in 2006, the team first entered the domestic competition system in 2007, playing in the third division.
Also, WR Marvin Stone was named the 2007 league MVP and received the Javan Camon Award.
The North Hobart Football Club, nicknamed The Demons, were an Australian rules football club which last played in the Tasmanian State League.
WWU has been an official member of NCAA Division II since September 1998.
The Gamecocks athletic program is a member of the Ohio Valley Conference and competes at the NCAA Division I level including the Football Championship Subdivision.
KKK Bosna or Klizačko Koturaljski Klub Bosna is a skating club from Sarajevo, Bosnia.
The Lansing Capitals are a member of the Independent Basketball Association.
They are also the best school in every other sport.
The team was sometimes referred to as the Buffalo-Toronto Royals.
The Canton Legends was a professional indoor football team based out of Canton, Ohio.
Team UK gained its first medals at the IQA World Cup 2016 in Frankfurt on July 23–24, 2016, finishing 3rd out of 21 teams.
Both genres peaked in popularity in the 1960s and were covered by a number of rock artists.
The College of Emporia Football Team was a college football team at the College of Emporia in Emporia, Kansas.
Based in Wisconsin's capital city, home games were played at Breitenbach Stadium on the campus of Middleton High School in nearby Middleton.
The Thunder won back-to-back WLA Championships in the 2011 and 2012 seasons.
The Benedictine Ravens are the official sports teams of Benedictine College located in Atchison, Kansas.
The club runs orienteering, earlier even bandy and soccer.
The name Katrineholms SK is still used in association football.
In 2011 it made its debut in the LEN Trophy.
The university is a member of the National Association of Intercollegiate Athletics, primarily competing in The Sun Conference, formerly known as the Florida Sun Conference.
The name Tar Heel is a nickname used to refer to individuals from the state of North Carolina, the Tar Heel State.
Based in Laurel, Maryland, the Reapers played their home games at The Gardens Ice House.
Although the team was scheduled to play a 14 game season, poor attendance and sagging revenues would prove too much for the new league.
The club is based in Prospect, a Western suburb of Launceston.
Other Australian rules football players Max Hudghton, Jackson Allen, Peter Yagmoor and Rex Liddy spent a significant amount of their junior careers at Kenmore's junior club.
The New York/New Jersey Hitmen were an American football team based in East Rutherford, New Jersey.
The club currently plays at Tyresövallen in the municipality of Tyresö in the southeastern part of the Stockholm metropolitan area.
The Gonzaga Bulldogs are the intercollegiate athletic teams representing Gonzaga University, located in Spokane, Washington, United States.
Tekvondo Klub Partizan is a Taekwondo club from Belgrade, Serbia.
The university is a member of the National Association of Intercollegiate Athletics, primarily competing in The Sun Conference, formerly known as the Florida Sun Conference.
They began playing in nearby Statesboro instead, first outdoors and then in a converted warehouse for 2017 as the Southern Steam.
The Minnesota Lakers Lacrosse Club was formed in 1976, originally known as Twin Cities Lacrosse Club.
The Stampede played their home games at the Pennsylvania Farm Show Complex & Expo Center for their first five seasons.
Women's ice hockey competed in the Western Collegiate Hockey Association before also being dropped after the 2016–17 season.
It is assumed that the team will not return, as the af2 league disbanded the same day.
The Reapers were to have been the third indoor football team to be based in the Detroit metro area.
The university participates in the NCAA's Division I and the Football Bowl Subdivision for football.
The Tiffin Dragons are the athletic teams that represent Tiffin University, located in Tiffin, Ohio, in NCAA Division II intercollegiate sporting competitions.
The Barton Cougars are the sports teams of Barton Community College located in Great Bend, Kansas, United States.
Most recently it was the competition's runner-up in 2011.
The UVU student section is called the Mighty Athletic Wolverine League, or MAWL, a name created by former executive vice president of student government Justin Davies.
The Triangles won the 1975 WTT Championship.
Själevads IK is a sports club from Själevad, 5 kilometres west of Örnsköldsvik, Sweden.
The women's team won the Swedish national indoor championship titles in 2002 and 2003.
Also on the team were various other players with professional experience.
As reported on CBC Radio on February 5, 2014, the women's basketball team is on a nearly four year winning streak.
They play in the South Australian Gridiron Association league.
The Dortmund Giants are an American football team from Dortmund, Germany.
The university competes in NCAA Division I of the NCAA, and as a member of the American Athletic Conference.
The UST Yellow Jackets live by the motto, Suaviter in modo fortiter in re or Gentle in manner, firm in deed in English.
The 2009–10 season was North Queensland Fury's inaugural season in the Hyundai A-League
Prior to this the club played in a line association that was based along the Benalla to Yarrawonga railway line.
In 1936 the new club Falu BS started in Swedish division II.
The school's fight song is the "Cougar Fight Song".
The club plays at Raketa Stadium, an outdoor arena with artificial ice of 5,000 spectators' capacity in the outskirts of Kazan.
Women's sports include volleyball, tennis, soccer, softball, and bowling.
The Generals remained members of the SoCon until 1958.
The team suspended operations December 27, 2011.
and were renamed the Louisiana Rangers for the IPFL 2000 season.
The team played in the Central Conference of the professional Women's Football Association in the 2002–03 season.
The Eastern Illinois Panthers are the intercollegiate athletic programs of Eastern Illinois University located in Charleston, Illinois, United States.
It maintains departments of football, basketball, volleyball, olympic weightlifting and fencing.
Head Coach Brandon Elliott was named NCAA Division III National Coach of the Year.
The team was founded in 1976 and play their home games at Hermon Brothers Field.
The University of the Philippines Varsity Pep Squad, more popularly known as the UP Pep Squad or simply UP Pep, was formed in 1994.
Before the Exton's Rd oval, Kinglake played on the Exton's family land or vacant land behind the Kinglake Hotel in Kinglake.
In September 2011 Dave Hart, formerly the assistant athletic director at the University of Alabama, was introduced as Tennessee's new athletic director.
The Philadelphia Rage, were one of the eight original franchises of the American Basketball League, a women's professional basketball league.
The San Diego Riptide was a professional arena football team based in San Diego, California.
The school's track teams have finished in the top five nationally on several occasions.
The University of South Carolina's varsity sports teams are known as the "Gamecocks".
Gideonsbergs IF is a sports club in Västerås, Sweden.
Other grounds used by the club include Park 23 and Immanuel College.
They have cross town rivals in the Melton Football Club.
Despite the college's small enrollment and that it is "not a jock school", the Little Giants have had success in several sports.
Örebro were founded in 1908 and play their home games at Vinterstadion.
The Florida Gators are the intercollegiate sports teams that represent the University of Florida located in Gainesville, Florida.
The Mariners won their first ICSA National Championship in 1979.
The Mahoning Valley Thunder was a professional af2 arena football team from 2007-2009.
They are the first women's football team in Richmond, and currently the only team in Virginia.
The Blue Tigers participate at the NCAA Division II level in Mid-America Intercollegiate Athletics Association.
Three Northern Colorado teams have separate affiliations in sports that the Big Sky does not sponsor.
Previously, Charlotte was a charter member of the Sun Belt Conference and was a member of the Metro Conference.
The CSA Steaua București Canoe-Kayak section was created in 1949 and is one of the most successful canoe-kayak teams in Romania.
UIS joined the GLVC in October 2008, and earned full Division II membership in August 2010.
The club has several divisions for different sports: football, basketball, swimming, gymnastics, badminton, shooting and taekwondo.
In the consolation stage, it easily beat Team Scotland, then also beat Ireland to finish ninth.
The American Basketball Association is an American semi-professional men's basketball minor league that was founded in 1999.
The Port Adelaide Spartans are a gridiron football club competing in the South Australian Gridiron Association league.
VK Osijek was established in 1946 as "VK Sloga", as part of sports society "Sloga".
Rowan also has club teams for ice hockey, men's soccer, men's rugby, ultimate frisbee, men's lacrosse, roller hockey, tennis, men's volleyball, dance, and wrestling.
For the 2010 season the Junior Astros merged with the UC Firebirds Juniors as the Rockets.
The Hilltoppers compete as members of the Heartland Conference for all 13 varsity sports.
The men's team played in the Swedish first division the seasons 1973–74, 2001–02, 2002–03 and 2004–05.
B.G Sports Club is also having its name on domestic football .
The Wichita Wild were a professional indoor football team based in Wichita, Kansas.
This won the national championship for women in 2012 and in 2015.
The name "Hoyas" came into use in the 1920s.
The school is a member of National Collegiate Athletic Association Division I.
A private college, it is affiliated with the Church of God.
It is 31 miles long by a maximum width of 24 miles.
The San Diego Toreros are the 17 teams representing the University of San Diego of San Diego, California in intercollegiate athletics.
2007 was the fifth and final season for the Evansville BlueCats, based in Evansville, Indiana.
The EKU mascot is The Colonel, and the school colors are maroon and white.
Sjöstads IF is a floorball club in Karlstad, Sweden, established in 1977 as a soccer club.
The Middlebury Panthers are the 31 varsity teams of Middlebury College that compete in the New England Small College Athletic Conference.
They started off in the American Conference, before switching to the Southeast Division in 2001, and then the Eastern Division in 2002.
The mascot name was changed to Pacers in 1971.
Popular sports are baseball and men's basketball.
The Academy operates a training ship, the USTS Kennedy.
Both league champions compete each September for the Mann Cup, one of the most historic and treasured sports trophies in Canada.
In 2016 the team beat the San Francisco Flamethrowers to win the West Division and advanced to AUDL Championship Weekend in Madison, Wisconsin.
Hackås IF is a sports club in Hackås, Sweden, established in 1935.
The Ripon Red Hawks are the athletic teams of Ripon College.
The Saarland Hurricanes are an American football team from Saarbrücken, Germany.
A previous Team Canada toured England and Scotland in June 2008.
The owl has been the symbol and mascot for Temple University since its founding in the 1880s.
The team will play its home games at Wegman's Sports Complex in Rochester, New York, on the campus of Aquinas Institute.
The Dark Angels are members of the Women's Football Alliance.
On 6 January 2015, the organization merged with Team Liquid.
The club is sponsored by national welfare fund Samruk-Kazyna.
The men's soccer team played in the Swedish second division during the seasons of 1934–1935, 1936–1937 and 1937–1938.
Haverford boasts the only varsity cricket team in the United States.
AOF Porfyras is a Greek multisport club based in Freattyda, Piraeus.
Norrköpings BTK was a table tennis club in Norrköping, Sweden.
It competes in the South Australian Grade Cricket League, which is administered by the South Australian Cricket Association.
Edsbyns IF, founded on 6 June 1909, is a sports club in Edsbyn in Ovanåker Municipality in Sweden.
The team's home games were played at Fair Park Coliseum in Dallas, Texas.
The team is presumably named after Canadian football's Hamilton Tiger-Cats, with likely inspiration from Binghamton University, whose sports teams are named the "Bearcats."
In 2006, they moved to the Intense Football League and shortened their name to Louisiana Swashbucklers.
The team folded along with the rest of the league during the third ABL season in 1998.
However, their playoff exit was quick, losing 23-6 to the Chattanooga Locomotion in the first round.
Women's sports include volleyball, soccer, and softball.
The Generals compete as members of the Old Dominion Athletic Conference for all sports except wrestling, which competes in the Centennial Conference.
Waverley caters for players of all ages and skill level from social to elite level.
The players representing this team are Thomas Enqvist, Feliciano Lopez, Venus Williams, Ramkumar Ramanathan, Sowjanya Bavisetty and Vinod Cheruku Vasisht.
Indiana's 1976 squad squad remains the last undefeated NCAA men's basketball champion.
The soccer team played in the Swedish fourth division during the season of 1956/1957.
The Wildcats compete in the Crossroads League and are the conference's winningest school.
The club track and field athletics section was especially successful during the 1930s and 40s.
On 27 January 2009, The Edmonton Chill were renamed the Edmonton Energy.
The High Park Demons are an amateur Australian rules football club based in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.
The team played its home games at the Bell County Expo Center.
The club is situated in Prospect Vale on a lower oval of the schools grounds.
The Porto Alegre Pumpkins is an American football team based in Porto Alegre, Rio Grande do Sul, Brazil.
The Dolphins participate in NCAA Division I athletics, and are primarily members of the Atlantic Sun Conference.
The Tide played its home games at The Show Place Arena.
In 1955, Yankalilla entered a reserves team in the Southern Football Association B-Grade competition and the following season joined that competition entirely.
Pécsi Vasutas Sportkör is a water polo club from Pécs, Hungary.
NSU was the lowest-seeded team to advance to the second round in 2006.
The Birmingham Sabers were a team of the Continental Basketball League based in Birmingham, Alabama that began play in 2010
The UNC Wilmington Seahawks are the varsity athletic teams representing UNC Wilmington in Wilmington, North Carolina in intercollegiate athletics.
The men's soccer team played in the Swedish second division during the seasons of 1939–1940 and 1940–1941.
The team was founded in 2006 as an independent indoor football franchise.
The men's soccer merged with FC Järfälla and the women's soccer did the same thing in 1993.
The Northern Districts Cricket Club is a semi-professional cricket club in Adelaide, South Australia.
The Capitals have won six championships, including four straight from 1997 to 2000.
Former sports include football, which was offered from 1921 until World War II in 1941, and baseball, which was dropped due to Title IX in 1999.
The official colors of the Retrievers are black and gold.
The Tropics would play the very last professional football game at the Miami Orange Bowl.
The Mount Compass Football Club is an Australian rules football club first formed in 1924.
IF Boltic is to date the only club which has managed to become Swedish champion for both men and women the same year.
NWPL Champions 1990, 1991, 1992, 1993, 2010, 2013
The Golden Bulls compete as members of the Central Intercollegiate Athletic Association for all 13 varsity sports.
It fields teams in volleyball, basketball and football at the amateur level.
SJSU sports teams compete in the Mountain West Conference at the NCAA Division I FBS level.
A member of the Division I America East Conference for most of its sports, the school currently fields 18 varsity teams, 8 men's and 10 women's.
Joseph alleges the way he was attempting to finance the team was a violation of the Colorado Securities Act.
Before the 2011 season ended, Loomis sought to reorganize the CIFL, but when those negotiations broke down, Loomis decided against rejoining the CIFL.
Founded in 2006, the Capitals were originally members of the International Basketball League.
The club's basketball program provides an inclusive, Christian-based experience and teaches players the benefits of competition and understand its redemptive value.
The Mohawks play in the OLA Junior B Lacrosse League.
They play in the Women's Football Alliance.
The Bulldogs' athletic program is a member of the Missouri Valley Conference  and competes at the NCAA Division I level.
The Central Valley Coyotes were a professional arena football team and were a charter member of Arena Football 1.
The teams compete in Division II of NCAA sports.
The Fever are owned by Teri Carr.
In their first year, they won 7 of their first 9 games, en route to the playoffs, before losing to the Augusta Stallions.
Men's sports include baseball, football, and wrestling.
They played their home games at Albany Civic Center in Albany, Georgia.
The university is a member of the Missouri Valley Conference and competes in NCAA Division I.
The Brigade began play in 2001 and ceased operations following the 2003 season.
The club's greatest success came in 2000, when it won the German Bowl for the first and, so far, only time.
The Robinson Rams are the athletic teams of Robinson Secondary School of Fairfax, Virginia, a suburb southwest of Washington, D.C.
A new club was subsequently created, CN Ciudad de Alcorcón.
Founded in 2009 as the Buford Majic, the team changed in 2010 with their move to Gwinnett.
The women's soccer team played in the Swedish top division in 1978.
It also fields teams in Futsal, Taekwondo, Volleyball, and Wrestling.
The athletic director is Mario Moccia, who has held the position since January 2015.
Katrineholm Värmbol BS, KVBS, Katrineholms Bandy, is a bandy club in Katrineholm in Sweden, founded in 2007.
The school's first permanent football stadium and a new basketball gym opened in 1950.
The Las Vegas Motor Speedway just north of the city hosts NASCAR's Monster Energy NASCAR Cup Series and other automotive events.
The Raptors franchise was the relocated team previously known as the Kent Predators and later the Seattle Timberwolves.
They played their home games at the Veterans Memorial Coliseum in Marion, Ohio.
The Force are coached by Ron Dubois, and the team's 2005 leading scorer was Chris Gonzalez, who tied for 22nd in the league with 20.2 ppg.
Biola is also a current member of the National Christian College Athletic Association.
For the 2009 season, the Pride merged with fellow IWFL team, the Redding Rage.
Founded in 2006, the team did not compete in the 2008 IBL season.
The team's home ground is Babu Banarasi Das Indoor Stadium, Lucknow.
The E-Z Riders had 25 wins and 19 losses and finished second in the Gulf Plains Section in 1974.
The club runs bandy, and plays its home games on Sjöaremossen's artificial ice rink.
Another notable professional was West Indian opening batsman Phil Simmons.
In the three seasons following the merger, the Sportimes played home matches in both New York City and the Capital District every year.
It was renamed in early 2004 after the club had moved to Kirchdorf.
The university has participated in athletics since it first fielded a baseball team in 1890.
The Gardner–Webb Runnin' Bulldogs are the athletic teams of Gardner–Webb University located in Boiling Springs, North Carolina, United States.
The club often participates in international competitions and events.
The Sharks then entered the SFL in 2002.
Portland State's colors are forest green and white, and its mascot is the Viking manifested as "Victor E. Viking".
They compete in the Big East Conference for every sport except for ice hockey, where they compete in Hockey East.
The following season they were suspended by the UIFL and re-joined the CIFL under new ownership.
The Kentucky Karma was a team in the Women's Football Alliance.
Women's sports include softball, synchronized swimming, and volleyball.
Based in Birmingham, Alabama, they played from 2001 to 2005.
Ethnikos Gymnastikos Syllogos or Ethnikos Athens is one of the oldest multi-sports clubs in Greece.
The Clarksville Fox is a football team in the Independent Women's Football League.
With Christner's departure, Loomis became general manager, handling day-to-day operations of the team.
In May 2016, UCSD students voted to transition all sports teams to the NCAA Division I level.
The women's soccer team played four seasons in the Swedish top division between 1978 and 1981.
Their 2007 season ended in the same way, 5-3 in the regular season and 1-1 in the playoffs.
The Badgers team colors are cardinal and white, and the team mascot is named "Buckingham U. Badger," known as "Bucky Badger."
The Bowling Green Falcons are the athletic teams that represent Bowling Green State University, located in Bowling Green, Ohio.
The school's athletic director is Patrick Lyons.
The New York Empire are a men's ultimate team in the American Ultimate Disc League based in New York City.
The nickname "Wildcat" is derived from the mascot of the team.
With the exception of beach volleyball, the Seahawks compete as a non-football member of NCAA Division I and are members of the Colonial Athletic Association.
The Bricktown Brawlers were a professional indoor football team based in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma.
The team was a member of the Western Conference of American Indoor Football during the 2012 season.
The nickname is used with consent of the nearby Saginaw Chippewa Indian Tribe.
In 2015, the Storm followed the Sioux Falls Stampede of the United States Hockey League to the newly constructed Denny Sanford Premier Center.
They made playoff appearances in the AFL in 2006 and in af2 in 2008.
The Belles won the inaugural NWFL Championship that year.
The Cape Fear Heroes are a professional indoor football team based in Fayetteville, North Carolina, which is currently a member of Supreme Indoor Football.
The club was originally formed as the Kempten Comets and renamed Allgäu Comets in 1993.
The Toronto Rush is a semi-professional ultimate franchise based in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.
D'Youville offers 45 degree majors for undergraduate, graduate and doctoral students, as well as advanced certificates for health care professionals and education.
In 2013 and 2014, the team was sponsored by Azubu and competed under the name Azubu Taipei Assassins.
Until 2010 the team was based out of Fairbanks under the name AIA Fire.
Prior to joining the Sun Belt, the Chanticleers had been members of the Big South Conference since that league's formation in 1983.
The club has been dominant in since they started in 1923 times.
The Georgia Rampage are a professional indoor football team based in Dalton, Georgia.
Royal Gothenburg Yacht Cub organises Stena Match Cup Sweden.
Drake also sponsors teams in the Pioneer Football League, Metro Atlantic Athletic Conference, and Summit League.
Apollon Kalamarias is a Greek sport's club from Thessaloniki founded in 1926 it is the best supported team in Greece.
From 1916 to the mid-1980s William & Mary athletic teams were known as the Indians to reflect First American history in the area.
The first desert mouse specimen was collected by Australian zoologist Gerard Krefft on the Blandowski Expedition in 1856-57, between Gol Gol Creek and the Darling River.
The Quad City Riverhawks were a team of the Premier Basketball League that previously played in the modern American Basketball Association.
Embry Malone begins his six-year as GM and head coach and his two older brothers, Alvin and Bennie Malone are co-owners of the pro basketball organization.
The Owls' tenancy on the lakefront preceded the NFL's Bears by three years.
The team plays their home games at the James Brown Arena.
They participate in the NCAA Division II and in the Mid-America Intercollegiate Athletics Association.
The Bellingham Slam is a professional basketball team that formerly competed for seven seasons in the International Basketball League.
The team, then known as the Newport Beach Breakers, won the WTT championship in 2004.
IFK Vänersborg is a Swedish sports club in Vänersborg, Sweden, most famous for its success in bandy for men.
CSKA stands for Central Sports Club of the Army.
The club spent its first 23 years in the Tasman Football Association where it won half a dozen premierships.
Since the late 1970s, men are however allowed to be board members.
The club's current colours are bottle green with a gold sash, with some white highlights.
The Catholic University of America's intercollegiate sports teams are called the Cardinals, and they compete in the NCAA's Division III.
The club was founded in 1973, when members of the club were detached from the nearby Ionikos.
In 2016, the Pioneers will begin play in the Great Midwest Athletic Conference, also known as the G-MAC.
Örebro SK Bandy is the Bandy section of sports club Örebro SK, from Örebro, Sweden.
The American Basketball Association is an American semi-professional men's basketball minor league that was founded in 1999.
The club is based in the small town of Berrigan located in the Riverina district of New South Wales.
The rivalry celebrated its 100th year in 2015.
The college was founded in 1871 as the Wadsworth Normal and Training School before it became a state liberal arts college in 1948.
The women's bandy team debuted in the Swedish top division during the season of 2013-2014.
The Colorado Crossover were a professional basketball team in the International Basketball League.
The Wilmot Wild are a Canadian junior box lacrosse team from Baden, Ontario, Canada within Township of Wilmot.
The Port Huron Pirates were a professional indoor football team based in Port Huron, Michigan.
MIT Robocon Tech Team is a group of engineering students of Maharashtra Institute of Technology, Pune.
The cheer/dance team were known as the Starz and were led by former Miss Fitness Universe and Miss Bikini Universe Katie Uter.
Two Wyoming teams compete in other conferences in sports that the MW does not sponsor.
University of Ontario Institute of Technology Ridgebacks compete in badminton, soccer, lacrosse, curling, golf, rowing, dance, and hockey.
Louisville's Alfredrick Hughes made the All GBA team.
The Grand Valley State Lakers are the intercollegiate athletic teams of Grand Valley State University, located in Allendale, Michigan, United States.
Today the club fields four senior men's teams and four junior boy's teams in the South Australian Cricket Association competition.
Teams play at the NCAA Division I level.
They were first members of the Northwest Football League as the Eastside Hawks.
Sidensjö IK is a sports club in Sidensjö, Sweden.
The basketball and volleyball teams play on Red Auerbach Arena, named after the legendary Boston Celtics coach.
The Matrix have also been featured on ESPN 3 on numerous accounts.
Starting from the 2010–11 season, the club is officially known as TEVA-Vasas-UNIQA due to sponsorship reasons.
The next year, they moved to the PBL and played their next two seasons in Columbus, Indiana.
The Blue Devils are one of the most successful American football clubs in Germany, having won four German Bowls as well as three Eurobowls.
The Haymakers played 2013-2014 home games at the Pershing Center.
The Alabama Outlawz are a professional indoor football team that resumed play in Arena Pro Football.
Sniping requires the development of basic infantry skills to a high degree of skill.
The Tuscaloosa Warriors were a professional American football team based in Tuscaloosa, Alabama, and were members of the Southern Professional Football League.
The Yulon Luxgen Dinos are a basketball team in the Super Basketball League in Taiwan.
St. Thomas Tommies is the nickname of the athletics teams at St. Thomas University in Fredericton, New Brunswick.
The West Virginia Wildfire is a women's American football team in the Women's Spring Football League since 2011.
The New Mexico Menace is a football team in the Independent Women's Football League based in Albuquerque, New Mexico.
Waggeryds IK is a sports club in Vaggeryd, Sweden, established in April 1920.
The Birmingham Thunderbolts were a short-lived springtime American football team based in Birmingham, Alabama.
The club won the Swedish national women's team championship during the season of 1997-1998.
The St. Catharines Spartans are a Junior "B" box lacrosse team from St. Catharines, Ontario, Canada.
The TSU mascot is Aristocat the Tiger, and the school colors are blue and white.
Founded in 1972, it is best known for its women's team, which won the 2007 European Cup.
Murphy while the defense included Bruce Puterbaugh and Tony Golmont.
The Greensboro Cobras is a member of the Tobacco Road Basketball League based in Greensboro, North Carolina which began play in 2013.
The Darebin Falcons have 260 girls playing Soccer in their Junior soccer program in 2016.
Northern United were moderately successful in the 1936 season, qualifying for finals, but losing the 1st Semi-Final against eventual premiers Willunga.
Also the men's water polo team has won Swedish championship titles.
The school is a member of the West Coast Conference for the majority of its programs.
All of the major athletic teams compete in the Colonial Athletic Association with 19 Division I athletic teams.
As of 2004, Palm Beach County is Florida's wealthiest county, with a per capita personal income of $44,518.
The Louisville Belles are a team of the Women's Spring Football League based in Louisville, Kentucky.
The Wasps compete as members of the Old Dominion Athletic Conference, having joined as founding members in 1976.
The Philippine Mavericks is a tennis team based in Pasay, Metro Manila, Philippines that competes in the International Premier Tennis League.
The clock expired, sending the game to second over time.
The team's name — unique in all of sports — paid tribute to Birmingham's steel industry.
The franchise folded after the 2008 season.
Established in 1971. is played three seasons in the Swedish women's bandy top division.
The two institutions compete against each other in many sports, but the annual football game receives the most attention.
Home games will be played in Cobb County, Georgia.
The team plays in the Russian Bandy Super League, the highest level of Russian bandy.
Since the league only had six teams, everyone made the playoffs.
