The stadium was shared by Charlton Athletic F.C.
The new stadium was to be located next to Las Cascadas Water Park.
St Mirren Park, more commonly known as Love Street, was a football stadium located on Love Street in Paisley, Scotland.
Kuznetsk Metallurgists Sports Palace is an indoor sporting arena located in Novokuznetsk, Russia.
In the past, it has hosted many sporting events, concerts, political rallies and circuses.
It is located in the Tremé neighborhood in Louis Armstrong Park adjacent to Congo Square.
Al-Musannah Sports City was a big hotel in Oman.
The Capitoline Grounds, also known as Capitoline Skating Lake and Base Ball Ground, was a baseball park located in Brooklyn, New York from 1864 to 1880.
Daskalakis Athletic Center is a 300,000 square-foot athletic and recreational facility in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
The arena held its grand opening on September 5th, 2014.
The stadium holds the record for Hamilton Academical's largest ever attendance, 28,690 people against Hearts in 1937.
The Masan Stadium was a multi-purpose stadium in Changwon, South Korea.
MAC³PARK stadion is a multi-use stadium in Zwolle, Netherlands.
The Estadio Victor Della Valle is a football stadium in Montevideo, Uruguay with a capacity of 6,000.
It opened in 2001, as the new home ground for German Bundesliga club FC Schalke 04.
It was opened in 1971 and is the former home ground of Mika and former club Kasagh.
City Stadium is a multi-use stadium in Slutsk, Belarus.
The team was led by Doug Moe and Larry Brown, ABA stars and future successful coaches.
International Stadium Yokohama, also known as Nissan Stadium is a sports venue in Yokohama, Kanagawa Prefecture, Japan, inaugurated in March 1998.
The stadium opened as Alumni Field in 1946 and underwent extensive renovations from 1996-1998.
Al López Field was a spring training and Minor League baseball park in West Tampa, Tampa, Florida, United States.
Manikganj Stadium is located by the Manikganj Public Library, Manikganj, Bangladesh.
The stadium was built in 1948 and has a seating capacity of 8,000 spectators.
The interior of the building covers almost 2 acres, and includes a 1/8 mile indoor track.
McKale Memorial Center is an athletic arena located at 1721 E Enke Dr on the campus of the University of Arizona in Tucson, Arizona.
Bob Carr, premier of New South Wales, officially opened the stadium in November 1999.
In 2007, the track hosted the USA Cycling Collegiate Track National Championships.
Texas later added a 4,400-square foot training facility along the left-field line, completed in 2009.
Santboiana play in blue and white colours.
However, the association plans to apply for FIFA membership in 2016.
The official capacity of the stadium was 1,000 people, however, the stadium held more than that when important rivals come to town or during post-season tournaments.
It is currently used mostly for football matches and athletics.
The following year, Peru hosted the FIFA U-17 World Championship.
Official ceremonies to celebrate the May 19th Youth and Sports Day are also being held in this stadium.
It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home stadium of Chanthaburi F.C..
Nakhon Phanom Provincial Administrative Organization Stadium or Nakhon Phanom Province Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium in Nakhon Phanom province , Thailand.
It is one of the largest in the FCS at 20 feet tall and 36 feet wide.
It was the home of the Toledo Mud Hens and their predecessors from 1897 until mid-season 1909 when Swayne Field opened.
Estádio do Bonfim is a multi-purpose stadium in Setúbal, Portugal.
Alumni Memorial Field at Foster Stadium is a 10,000-seat multi-purpose stadium in Lexington, Virginia, United States.
It is used mostly for association football matches, hosting the home games of Portuguese club S.L.
The record attendance of 3,718 was set on February 3, 2010 in a 73-59 win over archrival University of South Carolina Aiken.
World Wrestling Entertainment continues to hold matches at the arena.
Estadio Alfredo Victor Viera is a multi-purpose stadium in Montevideo, Uruguay.
On 19-20 June 2016 it hosted the semifinals of the Top 14 rugby union tournament.
It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home ground of A.C. Prato.
Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium in Chanthaburi province , Thailand.
The building suffered extensive damage as a result of the storm, and was closed for many months afterward.
It is home to the Florida Panthers of the National Hockey League.
It is currently used for football matches and is the home stadium of Rayong F.C.
The stadium has a capacity of 21,000 people and it is the most modern football stadium in the Czech Republic.
It also serves as the primary stadium for the annual Robbie International Soccer Tournament, which bills itself as "the world's largest annual charitable youth soccer tournament."
In 1933, the stadium was named after the former Genoa player Luigi Ferraris, who died in 1915 during World War I.
Birkebeineren Ski Stadium is a cross-country skiing and biathlon venue located in Lillehammer, Norway.
The coaching staff's offices and meeting room are also located in the facility.
Inside the complex is the Wayne Fleming Arena as well as an indoor track and field house.
It is adjacent to the Danie Craven Stadium.
Entering the 2012-2013 season, the Jaguars had amassed a home record of 74-4 from the 2007-2008 season through the 2011-2012 season.
It has a capacity of 10,300 of which 9,800 are seated.
The Orioles announced that they will not return in 2010.
It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home ground of FK Dukla Banská Bystrica.
It was mostly used for football matches and as the home stadium of Maccabi Haifa and Hapoel Haifa.
It is also one of the venues used by the United States men's national soccer team.
To be able to support the rent and adequate the field, Benfica launched a fund raiser.
Jack Sharkey and Primo Carnera also captured the heavyweight crown in the 1930s at the Madison Square Garden Bowl.
The Estadio "La Bombonera" is a football stadium in Montevideo, Uruguay owned and used by Club Atlético Basáñez.
Also located in the complex are two baseball fields, New Britain Stadium and Beehive Field.
The venue was built in Neue Mitte Oberhausen, a former industrial plant.
Although far smaller than other NFL venues, like the Polo Grounds and Wrigley Field, Thompson's Stadium hosted four years of NFL football.
Delays to the beginning of construction put the project back by 12 months and the club moved into the new stadium in August 2010.
It has a planned capacity of 44,950 spectators and will be situated on an artificial promontory.
In the 2006 tourney, the first-round games were delayed and the building evacuated due to a bomb-sniffing dog picking up scents of a potentially dangerous substance.
Odsal Stadium,, is a sports stadium in Odsal, Bradford, West Yorkshire.
The Sport City is located in the north of Funchal, high in the mountains in the Choupana district.
Eduardo Vasconcelos, is a stadium in Oaxaca, Oaxaca, Mexico.
The Herb Brooks National Hockey Center, also known as the Brooks Center, is a 5,159-seat hockey arena in St.
It is the home stadium of Real Betis.
It is currently used mostly for football and athletics matches.
The Allen Event Center is an American 6,275 fixed-seat multi-purpose arena located in Allen, Texas, a northern suburb of Dallas.
The stadium hosted one first-class matches  from 1985 when Madhya Pradesh cricket team played against Vidarbha cricket team.
The Coates Stadium is the baseball park at the complex and is home to the Barrie Baycats of the Intercounty Baseball League.
The stadium holds 10,000 people and opened in 1975.
The arena was originally built to accommodate a move of the New York Nets basketball team to New Jersey and opened in 1981.
Jåttåvågen railway station, which serves the Jæren Commuter Rail, is located right outside the stadium.
Cooper Field is a 2,500-seat multi-purpose stadium in Washington, D.C. on the campus of Georgetown University.
The convocation center is unique among Illinois university athletic projects, because Chicago State University did not have to raise any money for the project.
Tyresövallen, previous known as Bollmoravallen, is a football stadium in Tyresö, Sweden.
It is the administrative headquarters of the Amravati district.
Ice Line also houses the following establishments inside of its complex:
At the same time, more than 200 theatre-type reserved seats were added in front of the press tower, bringing the seating capacity to 6,700.
It opened in 2010, replacing the Duluth Entertainment Convention Center Arena on the waterfront near Duluth's landmark Aerial Lift Bridge.
It is used for equestrian and show jumping.
Arena Khimki is a football stadium in Khimki, Moscow Region, Russia.
Whitey Herzog and fellow Hall of Fame inductee Mickey Mantle played for the Miners.
In May 2017 it was announced $1.5 to $2 million worth of stadium upgrades are expected to be completed before the fall 2017 football season.
The Qaboos Stadium was used as the main stadium in the recent, 2009 Gulf Cup of Nations,
The Stadium is used for the Minot State Beavers.
Kiwitea Street, also known as Freyberg Field, is a multi-purpose stadium in the suburb of Sandringham in Auckland, New Zealand.
The Lloyd L. Thornton Stadium is located in Maryville, Tennessee, and serves as the home stadium for the Maryville College Fighting Scots’ football team.
It serves as home for the second-string team of Hanwha Eagles and rehabilitation center for injured players.
The localization was controversial, as it is located at Åkervika, a Ramsar site.
During the 1936 Summer Olympics, it hosted some of the football matches.
Situated in the Ballintemple area of Cork in Ireland, it was the home of Cork GAA between 1904 and 1974.
In 2008 two big screens were added to the new stadium.
Previously, Penn State's indoor sports teams played in a building known as the Armory, which was razed to allow expansion of the Willard Building.
It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home stadium of Surin City F.C..
Convention Hall is currently undergoing renovations and expected to reopen on November 18, 2012 as part of Veteran's Day festivities.
Winnipeg Arena was an indoor arena located in the Polo Park district of Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada.
The school's men's soccer team played there from 1975 to 2011 and the women played there from 1995–2011 before moving to Virtue Field on campus.
The first varsity event on December 3 was a basketball game against Washington State, won by the visiting Cougars 106–78 before an overflow crowd of 4,300.
The stadium currently has an official seated capacity of 2,300, but attendances have reached 4,000 in recent years
The extended plaza created much-needed updates to the stadium's façade.
There is also uncovered standing areas on the North and East sides off the ground.
This plan awaits final approval by Metro Parks and the Metro Council.
It is named for David R. Stopher.
Ayr Ice Rink was an ice arena in Ayr, Scotland that opened in 1939 and was used for ice skating, ice hockey and curling.
Tenth Street Stadium was a stadium in Bloomington, Indiana.
The Bahawal Stadium is a cricket ground in Bahawalpur, Punjab, Pakistan.
The stadium holds 3,000 people and opened in 1957.
The stadium was constructed as a replacement for CD San Fernando's previous field, Campo de Deportes Marqués de Varela, that it has become outdated.
Harold Alfond Sports Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium in Winter Park, Florida.
The Major Dhyan Chand National Stadium commonly known by its former name, National Stadium is a field hockey stadium in New Delhi, India.
Tiszaligeti Sportcsarnok is multifunctional indoor hall in Szolnok, Hungary.
Bobcat Stadium is a football stadium on the campus of Texas State University in San Marcos, Texas.
It was built by George F. Pawling, of George F. Pawling & Co., Engineers and Contractors, and opened on Saturday, February 14, 1920.
JFK Stadium is a sport stadium in Springfield, Missouri.
During that time, they won every home game played at the Cincinnati Gardens, for an overall streak of 90 straight home wins.
Air Canada Centre also hosts other events, such as concerts, political conventions and video game competitions.
The facility opened on March 2, 2013.
The main room is 32,000 sq ft.
The stadium has a retractable roof and a retractable pitch.
Old Ralston Park was a football ground in Paisley, Scotland.
It was used for football matches and was the home ground of the Slovenian PrvaLiga team NK Celje.
The Carlson Center also has its own catering department.
In 2009, an indoor practice facility outside the field was completed.
On September 11, 1970 a tornado hit Venice and caused extensive damage to the stadium.
A large equine barn serves the Equine Arena.
BCF Arena is an indoor sporting arena in Fribourg, Switzerland.
It is primarily used for ice hockey and is the home arena of Saryarka Karagandy hockey club.
Sick's Stadium, also known as Sick's Seattle Stadium and later as Sicks' Stadium, was a baseball stadium in the northwest United States in Seattle, Washington.
The stadium has a capacity of 35,000 spectators.
It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home ground of FC Shinnik Yaroslavl.
Ombilin stadium has a seating capacity of 5,000.
The stadium is managed and owned by Dr. Babasaheb Ambedkar Marathwada University.
It is used mostly for football matches and serves as the home of the RSV Göttingen 05.
Vakfıkebir Arena is an indoor multi-purpose sports venue located in Vakfıkebir town of Trabzon Province, Turkey.
It is planned to replace the old Tampere Ice Stadium.
Arena Szczecin is an indoor arena in Szczecin, Poland.
It was used by Furman University's American football team from 1936 to 1980.
Vägga IP is a football stadium in Karlshamn, Sweden and the home stadium for the football teams Högadals IS and IFK Karlshamn.
It is home stadium and training facility for the VCU Rams women's tennis and the VCU Rams men's tennis teams.
It is currently used mostly for football matches, and is the home ground of Waasland-Beveren.
Ginásio Teixeirinha is an indoor sporting arena located in Passo Fundo, Brazil.
The club was established in Beirut in 1945, and received its license on 28 April 1947.
It is the home ground of the East Helsinki football club FC Viikingit, who play in the Finnish first division.
UB Stadium is a stadium in Amherst, New York.
Greenfield Stadium, also known as Greenfield Athletic Ground, Greenfield Autodrome and the Yorkshire Trotting and Athletic Grounds was a sports venue in Bradford, West Yorkshire, England.
It was inaugurated in 1945 and had only two stands.
The stadium is currently the home of the Newcastle Basketball Association and can hold approximately 2,200 spectators.
Foster Field is a baseball stadium in San Angelo, Texas.
The center features two ice rinks and an Olympic-sized swimming pool.
It is the home field of the Air Force Falcons of the Mountain West Conference, and also holds the academy's graduation ceremonies each spring.
The WEC opened on 5 September 1998 with a concert by Bob Dylan and Patti Smith; 4,935 people attended the event.
New rails and padding for the dugouts were added.
The Development Basketball League Arena or simply DBL Arena, is an indoor sporting arena located in Surabaya, East Java, Indonesia.
The stadium was one of the venues of the football tournament of the 1980 Summer Olympics.
After three years playing at a site on Roman Road, Motherwell played at Dalziel Park until 1895.
It opened in 2007 as a replacement for Ray Winder Field in Little Rock, Arkansas.
The Stade Abbé-Deschamps is the home of AJ Auxerre football club in Auxerre, France.
The venue was used for the women's world curling championship in 2015.
Brora Rangers Football Club are a senior part-time professional football club from the village of Brora, Sutherland, in the Highland council area of Scotland.
The stadium has a seating capacity of 30,000 spectators.
It is used primarily for rugby union and rugby league, although it has also been used previously for association football and cricket.
It hosted the track cycling events for the 1980 Summer Olympics.
It will also host FC Rotor Volgograd.
Construction of the sports complex started November 1991 and was completed in time for the 1992 Palarong Pambansa.
The capacity of the stadium is 3,600.
It was the former home stadium of the Lotte Giants.
However, after the Lobstermen left Cancún the stadium was heavily damaged by Hurricane Wilma in October 2005.
and the Isle of Wight official football team, which represents Isle of Wight at the bi-annual island games.
It is home to West Virginia University Mountaineers sports teams, including the men's and women's basketball teams, men's wrestling, and women's volleyball and gymnastics.
KRK Uralets, or Yekaterinburg Sports Palace, is an indoor sporting arena located in Yekaterinburg, Russia.
Gigg Lane is an all-seater football stadium in Bury, Greater Manchester, England.
Daugava Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium in Liepāja, Latvia.
Clare Drake Arena is a 2,700-seat multi-purpose arena in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada.
The 75-acre site was decommissioned as an airport in the 1990s, and donated to the state of Connecticut by United Technologies in 1999.
The player's tunnel is accessed by a small staircase which is below field level.
The Casper Events Center is an 8,395-seat multi-purpose arena in Casper, Wyoming in the United States.
That match is the first ever professional match in Myanmar National League.
Growers Stadium is based in Pukekohe, New Zealand.
It is a multi-use sports venue situated in Launceston, Australia.
Karachi United, the first Pakistani football club with almost 100,000 followers on Facebook, use the stadium for some games.
The ballpark was located on a block bounded by Monroe Street, Detroit Avenue, Council Street and railroad tracks.
Dylan performed at the venue again in 2011 performing to a crowd of 3,214 people.
It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home stadium of Atlético Independiente.
The stadium holds 41,311 people and was built in 2003.
Constantin Jude Hall is an indoor arena in Timișoara, Romania, formerly known as Sala Olimpia.
The Roughriders moved into the stadium for the 2017 CFL season.
In 1936 it became the home stadium for the Osaka Tigers, now with the Central League.
It hosted some of the football preliminaries for the 1960 Summer Olympics.
It is one of the earliest examples of a soccer-specific stadium in the United States.
Most rinks were using wire mesh before the shatterproof glass was invented.
The centre is also home of Rottenrow Hockey Club
It is located at 7575 Kennedy Road, on the south-side of the city, between Steeles Avenue and 407 ETR.
It is the home field of Segunda División de México's Atlante F.C..
St. Louis Arena was an indoor arena located in St. Louis, Missouri, that stood from 1929 to 1999.
The capacity of the arena is 15,000 people.
It served as the centrepiece stadium of the 1956 Summer Olympics, the 2006 Commonwealth Games and two Cricket World Cups: 1992 and 2015.
It hosted the speed skating events of the 1998 Winter Olympics.
The stadium holds 7,083 and was built in 1947.
The George E. Trelease Memorial Baseball Park is a baseball stadium located on the campus of Western New England University in Springfield, Massachusetts.
The venue is named for Joseph J. O'Donnell, a Harvard alumnus who played baseball and football while attending the school.
Local high schools host football and soccer games in the stadium.
The CEPSUM hosts the Montreal Carabins teams.
In 1948 the renovation and reconstruction of it was finished and in the early 1950s Rot-Weiss Essen planned on building a new multifunctional main stand.
It was home ground of Hyundai Horangi during 1987-1989.
Bear Down Gym is also famous for its inclusion in the 1984 blockbuster film Revenge of the Nerds.
It is the home of El-Gawafel Sportives de Gafsa of the Tunisian Ligue Professionnelle 1.
Journalist Greg Baum called it "a shrine, a citadel, a landmark, a totem" that "symbolises Melbourne to the world".
It stood from 1954 until 2002, when it was demolished and replaced by the new Baseball Grounds of Jacksonville.
The stadium has a capacity of 8,000.
The stadium opened in 1937 and currently has a capacity of 10,001.
The stadium was built in 1927 and holds 38,279.
Stade Municipal Bou Ali-Lahouar, is a stadium in Hammam Sousse, Tunisia.
It also hosted the national Workers' Championships in race walking, 5000 metres, in 1937 and 1938.
The outside of the building includes red Mississippi brick and blue vinyl-covered steel siding.
Athletic Park is a former baseball and American football stadium located in Duluth, Minnesota.
Environmental remediation required to clean up creosote contamination on the site, would provide an additional cost to the project.
The ground was located in Dolmabahçe, close to the Dolmabahçe Palace in the district of Beşiktaş, on the European side of Istanbul.
It is named after deceased former military dictator Sani Abacha.
For example, the Philadelphia College of Pharmacy held 1906 Commencement Week "Athletic Games" at the field.
Estadio Edgardo Baltodano Briceño is a multi-use stadium in Liberia, Costa Rica.
The stadium underwent a $110 million renovation in 2015.
The ground is located 2 km from away from the city center and stadium was inaugurated.
In the early 1950s, Oregon State played most of its home football games in Portland at Multnomah Stadium.
Tătaru II was the first player to score on the new stadium.
After the 28 million peso renovation the Tigres played the 2007 season with Beto Ávila as their homefield.
A wooden track for cycling races was later added around the pitch.
It is currently used mostly for football matches and is used as the home venue for Manado United.
Previously, Topeka Sizzlers of the Continental Basketball Association, Topeka Tarantulas and Topeka ScareCrows ice hockey teams played there.
The 1 May Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium in civil parish of Braga in the municipality of Braga, in the district of the same name.
Nicknamed "Kaze no Wonderland", its Keirin identification number for betting purposes is 24#.
Their indoor arenas can be used for Baseball, Softball, Basketball, Soccer, Lacrosse, Volleyball and Flag Football.
From 1976 until the opening of the Shoemaker Center in 1989, the team played all their home games off-campus at the Riverfront Coliseum and Cincinnati Gardens.
The arena will feature a unique, glass-roofed concourse connecting it to offices and shops surrounding it.
Construction began following the Midwest Horse Fair in April 2014 with completion set in time for the 2014 World Dairy Expo in late September.
It is home to the Ottawa Gee-Gees varsity football team.
The 25th year of the completion of the stadium will be celebrated.
The stadium contains an 8-lane 400m running synthetic athletic track, a 10-lane 100m sprinting track and a 4-lane synthetic warm-up track.
The stadium was closed and demolished upon the conclusion of the Houston Cougars' 2012 football season.
It takes its name from the Bežigrad district in Ljubljana, where it is located.
The football team played half their home games here from 2014 until 2016, and the stadium will continue to host all home games moving forward.
This reached a maximum capacity of 15,000.
It is named after the Japanese automobile manufacturer Toyota.
Lakewood Stadium is a 10,000 seat stadium located in the Lakewood Heights neighborhood of southeast Atlanta, Georgia.
The seat pattern includes three different shades of blue as well as a smattering of red seats to pay homage to the club’s NASL history.
Pitt Stadium also served as the second home of the Pittsburgh Steelers, the city's National Football League franchise.
During the 2016–17 season, the stadium underwent a major reconstruction.
The BGŻ Arena is also home of the Polish Cycling Federation.
It was a friendly football tournament involving Olympique de Marseille, FC Girondins de Bordeaux, Udinese Calcio and Real Betis.
It is currently used mostly for football matches.
The USA Hockey Arena is a multi-purpose arena in Plymouth Township, Michigan, opened in 1996.
North Oak Park is the home stadium for the Division I Southeastern Louisiana Lady Lions softball team.
The stadium is located in the eastern side of the 2,000 hectare AQR Sports Complex and has a 5.4 hectare area.
It opened in 1964 and is home to the Northwestern State University Demons basketball team.
The complex was completed in 1979 and opened on May 19, 1980.
Estadio La Romareda [esˈtaðjo ðe la romaˈɾeða] is the home stadium of Real Zaragoza, in Zaragoza.
It was also the venue for 2007 edition of Asian Hockey Championship, in which India triumphed by a thumping margin of 7-2 over South Korea.
The Donald E. Stephens Convention Center, formerly known as the Rosemont Convention Center, is a convention center located in Rosemont, Illinois, a suburb of Chicago.
As of 2014, the all-seated capacity of Firhill is 10,102.
Cricket, football and cultural programs take place here.
It was named after former Prime Minister of Malaysia, Tun Abdul Razak and currently is the home stadium of Felda United.
The stadium has facilities for various sports like cricket, football, hockey etc.
During winter there is a skiing track for young skiers.
Cohen Stadium is a stadium on the Northeast side of El Paso, Texas, by the Patriot Freeway, next to the Franklin Mountains.
Nuuk Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium in Nuuk, Greenland.
Occasionally it is a place of playing matches of FIVB Volleyball World League.
It was opened in 1981  and can hold 10,000 people.
After these works capacity of the stadium increased to 8000 seats.
The team has announced its intent to build the stadium with mostly private funds.
It opened in December 2008, and hosted the following month's World Men's Handball Championship.
The arena was the former home of the Orlando Magic of the NBA and the Orlando Titans of the NLL.
Hickinbotham Oval is an Australian rules football oval in Noarlunga Downs, a southern suburb of Adelaide.
Van Andel Arena is a 10,834-seat multi-purpose arena, situated in the Heartside district of Grand Rapids, Michigan, United States.
Ullevaal hosted the finals of the UEFA Women's Euro in 1987 and 1997.
There is also an amphitheater located behind the field.
The men’s team has held a total of eight games at Memorial Gym since 2003–04.
It holds 4,901 people and was built in 2004.
Bryant–Denny Stadium is an outdoor stadium in the southeastern United States, on the campus of the University of Alabama in Tuscaloosa.
It is also occasionally used for concerts, although most school-sponsored concerts are held in Alumni Hall.
Its special heating system allows the stadium to host comfortable events at the height of winter.
Juan Ramón Loubriel Stadium is a soccer-specific stadium located in Bayamón, Puerto Rico.
A mixed-use development is currently under construction at the property.
At just 49 years of age, it was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1977.
The ballpark's attendance record was set on July 26, 2010 when 12,517 fans saw the Clippers defeat the Pawtucket Red Sox 11-7.
The Estadio Municipal de Santo Domingo is a multi-use stadium in El Ejido, Spain.
The Kockelscheuer Sport Centre is a tennis complex in Kockelscheuer, Luxembourg.
The Carrier Dome is the largest domed stadium of any college campus, and the largest domed stadium in the Northeastern United States.
Rangpur Cricket Garden is a first-class cricket ground in Rangpur, Bangladesh.
It was used as one of the venues used for the football competition of the 2016 Summer Olympics.
Unlike Rajamangala though, Thammasat has a roof covering both side tribunes.
It is the home ground Maryhill Juniors of the Scottish Junior Football Association West Region.
No first-class cricket has been played at the TCA Ground since 1987.
Jefferson County and the Southeast Texas Ford Dealers agreed to $1.25 million over a five-year period in exchange for naming rights.
It is named for former Morehead State baseball coach John "Sonny" Allen.
It is home to the Saint Vincent College Bearcats football team.
between 1907 and 1925 and then their successors Rotherham United F.C.
The Wellness and Events Center will be a 3,500 seat basketball arena in Newark, New Jersey.
The stadium holds 450 people and was opened in 1956.
Smokies Park was constructed as a replacement facility for the since shuttered Bill Meyer Stadium in Knoxville.
The capacity of the stadium is 5000, comprising standing and the wooden grandstand.
Maryland SoccerPlex is a sports complex in Germantown, Maryland, United States, although its mailing address is Boyds, Maryland.
It is used for various indoor events and is the home arena of the Avtomobilist Yekaterinburg.
Additionally, the stadium was the home of the Singapore Lions that participated in domestic football in Malaysia.
Ullevi, sometimes known as Nya Ullevi ˈɵlːəviː], New Ullevi), is a multi-purpose stadium in Gothenburg, Sweden.
It is primarily used is for football matches.
It caused a "Missed Stair Effect," a phenomenon that occurs when the body senses where the floor should be upon landing after a jump.
It is currently used mostly for football matches and home of the football team Qatar Sports Club.
The stonework on the grandstand exterior suggests the Neo-Gothic architectural design used with most of the West Campus buildings.
Calicut Medical College Stadium is a football stadium in the city of Kozhikode in Kerala.
This was hired out to the public and also hosts various community schemes.
In 1994, the London Knights and the building were purchased by new owner Doug Tarry, who renamed building as the London Ice House.
Vodafone Park houses 144 executive suites, and one "1903 Lounge" which will entertain 1,903 spectators in total.
It is due to be replaced by the new Stade Abdelkader Khalef with a capacity of 50,000.
The stadium is named after former Arkansas State baseball coach and athletic director J.A.
The track surrounds Pruitt Field, an artificial turf field used by the Bobcat's women's field hockey squad.
It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home stadium of Nakhon Si Thammarat F.C..
Batman Arena is a stadium that is currently under construction in Batman, Turkey.
On January 31, 1926, the Chicago Bears beat the Washington All Stars 34-0 in an exhibition game.
It was initially used as the stadium of Vitória S.C. matches.
There are three main venues where the following games are played:
From 1993 to 2002, the arena annually hosted the ECAC Hockey League's championships every March.
The stadium is owned by the University of Calgary and operated by the McMahon Stadium Society.
It hosts indoor sporting events such as basketball and volleyball, and also hosts concerts.
It is currently used as home ground by Wisła Kraków football team playing in the Ekstraklasa.
Proton City Stadium is located at Proton City, Perak, Malaysia.
Ice Palace Krylatskoye is a sports venue in Moscow, and indoor ice arena for speed skating and bandy.
It is mainly used for football matches and is the home ground of 1.
Smederevo Hall is an indoor arena in Smederevo.
Nevertheless the Helsinki Ice Hall still remains an active arena for concerts, conferences, expos and sports events.
It also hosted the opening ceremony for the 2015 Parapan American Games.
Presently the stadium has been remodelled with full fledge modern structure and 3 storied gallary with added facilities.
The viewing area of the grandstand was damaged by fire in 2017.
It hosted the 1991 and 1996 Atlantic Sun Conference men's basketball tournaments.
The city-owned park was renovated extensively in 2010–2011.
The stadium was built in 2003 and has an all-seated capacity of 25,000.
The stadium holds 12,500 people and was built in 2000.
Rotorua International Stadium has hosted three rugby league Test matches.
The Parc des Princes is an all-seater football stadium in Paris, France.
It was also the home of the Minnesota Strikers of the North American Soccer League in 1984.
Located in Hongkou District, the stadium has a maximum capacity of 33,060.
Stadium's major reconstruction and renovation started in 1996.
Carlisle United played their home matches at Christie Park for six weeks in 2005 during repair work following flooding at their Brunton Park ground.
It was the home ground of Rangers from 1887 until they moved to the adjacent second Ibrox in 1899.
The Detroit Police Athletic League will begin construction, in early April 2016, on a new headquarters building along Michigan Ave and Cochrane.
The Impuls arena was the location of several matches during the group stage and the quarterfinals.
A large apartment complex now stands where the stadium was.
The Sandman Centre opened as the Riverside Coliseum in 1992.
The new facility is named in honor of George Trelease, who was the father of University board of trustees member Brian Trelease '67, '71 MBA.
It continued to be the home of the Leafs for 42 seasons, until the team left town following the 1967 season.
It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home ground of Taranto Sport.
St James' Park is a football stadium in Newcastle upon Tyne, England.
The ground is owned and managed by Osmania College.
It is the home ground of Turriff United, who currently play in the Highland Football League.
The only portion of the field that remained dirt was the pitcher's mound and home plate area.
The ballpark had a seating capacity of 10,510, though it occasionally accommodated much larger crowds.
Today the grounds are used as a park and ride facility although some of the original structures still remain intact.
Chicago defeated Louisville 4-0 behind a shutout effort from hurler Laurie Reis.
The capacity of the arena is 13,000 spectators.
It has a capacity of 1,800 seats and it is mainly used by the handball and volleyball departments of the club.
Kwezi Naledi Stadium is a multi-use stadium in Lady Grey, Eastern Cape, South Africa.
It is primarily used for ice hockey and is the home arena of HC Břeclav.
A small-scale scandal surrounded the naming, because McNichols was in office at the time.
It is one of the oldest stadiums in Sudan.
The facility has a seated capacity of 350 spectators.
The annual Uhrencup tournament is held there.
The track is 250 metres long and made of Siberian Pine.
The stadium was named in honor of Fred G Hughes, president of the College Board of Regents between 1964 and 1978.
TOT Stadium Chaeng Watthana is a football stadium in Lak Si, Bangkok, Thailand.
The main tenant is basketball club Helios Suns Domžale.
The city then closed the facility on June 30, 2001, and the county reopened it on July 1.
It has 4 seating sections, named after great players of the team: Obdulio Varela, Cayetano Saporitti, René "Tito" Borjas and Jorge "Chifle" Barrios.
The stadium has also hosted high school football games.
Frank Cignetti Field at George P. Miller Stadium is a stadium located on the campus of Indiana University of Pennsylvania in Indiana, Pennsylvania.
The stadium held 20,000 people and was built in 1925.
The stadium was allowed again returned to hold Premier League games when FC Lviv hosted Kryvbas Kryvyi Rih in late April 2009.
The stadium holds 26,354 and was built in 1969.
The Palestra Itália Stadium, was a football stadium located in Barra Funda, São Paulo, standing on the site now occupied by the Allianz Parque stadium.
The stadium was the first black-owned, controlled and managed baseball park in the city.
& Virginia H. Chiles Center is a 4,852-seat multi-purpose arena in Portland, Oregon, USA.
It was home ground of FC Pocheon.
Since inception as a rugby league ground, the ground has had sponsored naming rights: Stockland Stadium, Malanda Stadium and Dairy Farmers Stadium.
Stadion Maksimir is a stadium in the Croatian capital of Zagreb.
In the Istanbul bid for the 2020 Summer Olympics, this venue has been discussed to hold judo and taekwondo events.
The building was built in 1954, and was located directly to the northeast of Kyle Field.
In 1976, the stadium was officially renamed for Héctor Espino, a famous Mexican baseball player.
The Royal Agricultural Show, of three days, was first held there in October and November 1905.
The Palais omnisport Les Arènes, often abbreviated as Les Arènes, is an indoor sports arena in Metz, France.
It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home stadium of Thanh Hóa F.C.
Kristins Hall is located next to the larger Håkons Hall, which opened in 1993.
Built in 1996, the centre court stadium currently holds 8,000 spectators.
It is currently used, mostly, for football matches and is the home ground of the S.S. Cavese 1919.
The closest métro station is Porte de Versailles.
NTC Poprad football stadium football stadium in Poprad, Slovakia.
In return for the newly updated stadium, the Angels agreed to extend their spring training lease through Dec. 31, 2025.
Baku Crystal Hall is an indoor arena in Baku, Azerbaijan.
GEW Energy Dome is an indoor sporting arena located in Cologne, Germany.
The stadium was named after former FIFA president and International Olympic Committee member João Havelange.
In the same year, the stadium was dedicated to him.
Rangpur Division has played three first-class matches at the ground since 2012, and there have been three other first-class matches in the same period.
Campo da Constituição was a football ground in Porto, Portugal, which served as the home ground of FC Porto between 1913 and 1952.
Most notably, the Cleveland Rams of the NFL played at League Park in 1937 and for much of the early 1940s.
It is the home venue of the Stockton Heat of the American Hockey League professional hockey team.
It is the venue for many club and county matches, particularly since the installation of floodlights.
The stadium holds 3,000 people and opened for baseball in 1958.
His name is in honor of a prominent athlete Zulia dedicated to athletics.
It was also a temporary home ground for the Fitzroy Football Club for the 1985 and 1986 seasons.
The arena was renamed as KeyBank Center starting with the 2016–2017 NHL season.
In 2011, Southern Miss announced the expansion of Pete Taylor Park.
The stadium has an official capacity of 12,500.
The architect was Charles Z. Klauder, who had designed the University of Pennsylvania's Palestra.
Its main arena is home to the Brampton Beast of the ECHL and the Brampton Excelsiors lacrosse teams.
Completed in 17 months by the Southeastern Construction Company of Charlotte, North Carolina, the building cost $5.3 million but was financed by state revenue bonds.
First football match on Kuban Stadium was held on 14 May 1961, when Spartak Krasnodar played FC Spartak Stavropol.
Like its predecessor, it is named Ed Jucker court, in honor of the coach who led the Bearcats to their two national championships.
The Dome Leisure Centre is an arena and leisure centre in Doncaster, England, informally known as The Dome or Donny Dome.
In 1939 the club built a new stadium on the same location, allowing the capacity to grow to roughly 27,000.
More recently, Stade de la Méditerranée has been used as the home ground for the France-based Moroccan national team.
Claudelands contains a 6000-capacity arena and four-star conference and exhibition centre.
It is the home venue of Argentinos Juniors, and has a capacity of 24,000.
It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home stadium of Hải Phòng F.C.
The build cost is expected to be in the $300 million range.
It is owned and managed by UP Sports Directorate.The stadium has facilities for games like basketball, volleyball, tennis, squash, table-tennis, badminton, and gymnastics.
The new complex will also include a shopping and entertainment center, office buildings, apartment buildings, a 5-star hotel, and a 1,600 car parking garage.
On January 23, 2015, the old stadium was demolished and construction began on the complex, which opened for the 2016 football season.
The international competition standard, multi-sport facility supports a range of sports and community functions, and opened in the year 2001.
The Ashgabat Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium in Ashgabat, Turkmenistan.
Due to financial problems at the club this expansion has never been pursued.
It is mainly used for football matches and is the home stadium of FC St. Pauli.
The first official match at the stadium was a 3–3 draw against Rangers.
The facility hosts a wide variety of events ranging from nationally renowned artists, family shows, athletic events, trade shows, conventions, weddings and ride and drives.
It sits on the former site of the Federaţiei playing fields, where the sport was introduced to the country in the early 20th century.
The ground is mainly used for organizing matches of football, cricket and other sports.
The stadium would have been built on reclaimed land from the Portsmouth Harbour and would be located near the city's naval base.
The stadium has hosted six Caribbean Series in 1974, 1982, 1987, 1992, and 1997.
The stadium is also serviced by the Convention Center MetroLink rail station.
The venue also co-hosted Group B of the 1989 World Ice Hockey Championships.
Increasing safety requirements gradually reduced this number to 19,000.
It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home ground of FC Hunters.
It is primarily used for ice hockey and is the home arena of HKm Zvolen.
In 2008, Reimer Stadium was torn down and replaced by Joel Wiens stadium in 2009.
In 1990 those wooden stands were replaced with aluminum bleachers.
USM estimates that construction would take two years after the necessary agreements and permits are in place.
It is part of the larger Complejo Deportivo Venezuela or Venezuela Sports Complex which includes other sporting facilities built by the Venezuelan government.
The venue has the capacity to accommodate up to 5,000 delegates, although rooms in the building can be used for weddings and banquets.
Štadión Humenné is a multi-use stadium in Humenné, Slovakia.
The club house, with changerooms and a snack bar, is located in the centre of the facility.
On 10 October 2009, it hosted the France national football team as they defeated the Faroe Islands 5-0 in qualification for the 2010 FIFA World Cup.
The stadium holds 18,600 spectators and opened in 1988.
Perhaps the biggest game in arena history was an 82-79 Charleston victory in overtime over then-No.
The Dell in Milton Road, Southampton, Hampshire, England was the home ground of Southampton F.C.
Since 1948, Ullevaal has hosted the finals of the Norwegian Football Cup, and in 1967 the Japp Stand was completed.
It also hosted the 2010 Mexican National Olympics, and after the Pan American Games it will be used to host youth baseball and softball tournaments.
Stožice Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium located in Ljubljana, Slovenia.
The Habib Bouakeul Stadium is a multi-use stadium in Oran, Algeria.
It was closed in 1994 when Abe Lenstra Stadion opened.
The building is the sixth MLB stadium to have a retractable roof.
It was also used for other University sporting events, including Pittsburgh Panthers basketball, baseball, rifle, track, and gymnastics.
It is named for Bert L. Wolstein, a Cleveland State alumnus.
The cost of the renovation – $31 million – was approximately ten times that of the original building cost.
The stadium is owned by the Juiz de Fora City Hall.
The field, like its predecessor, is named for former San Diego baseball coach John Cunningham.
The ground is situated in the centre of the town, just off the High Street.
The Bill Copeland Sports Centre was the host venue for the 2013 Esso Cup.
The club's previous home was the Hamilton Amateur Athletic Association Grounds.
The stadium has a capacity of 12,000 people and was built in 1992.
Opening in 2016 the college, which will cost £10 million and is backed by Sheffield College and Sheffield Hallam University.
Underwood Park is a multi-sport venue located at Rochedale, Queensland, Queensland.
Additionally, the arena is the main venue, of four total, for the Nebraska state high school boys and girls basketball tournaments.
The complex features covered bench areas for both teams and a press box, with seating for 500 spectators and standing room for many more.
It is primarily used for baseball and is the home field of the Yokohama DeNA BayStars.
The temporary seats started to be removed shortly after the last World Cup match.
The 2007 Canadian Soccer League All-star game was held at University of Windsor Stadium.
It was named after Carlos Salazar, Jr. a local sports commentator who organized a radiothon to fund its construction.
It was also used for football games in the 19th century by Sheffield F.C.
It has a capacity of 12,975, of which 800 indoor VIP seats.
The Bradford R. Boss Arena is an 2,500-seat ice arena on the campus of The University of Rhode Island located in Kingston, Rhode Island.
The stadium has a capacity of 15,200 spectators.
Mackay Stadium is an outdoor athletic stadium in Reno, Nevada on the campus of the University of Nevada, Reno.
The stadium has a capacity of 16,000.
The park is named for Stan Coveleski, the hall of fame pitcher who once lived in South Bend.
Currently, and throughout its previous history, the stadium is used mostly for local events and football matches.
It is the on-campus home the Tulane University Green Wave college baseball team.
It is 3 kilometres west of the Akita Station.
Mountaineer Field at Milan Puskar Stadium is the football stadium for the West Virginia Mountaineers NCAA Division I FBS football team.
This stadium was rebuilt during Marlon Lara administration as Mayor of Puerto Cortés
The Genting Arena is a multipurpose indoor arena located at the National Exhibition Centre near Birmingham, England.
The field was named for Horace Fogel, President of the Philadelphia Phillies.
It is the home arena of the Metallurg Novokuznetsk ice hockey team.
Though inaugurated in 2007, this stadium has been used to stage local soccer matches and Liga Indonesia since 2005.
Borussia-Park has a capacity of up to 54,057, of which 16,145 are standing-room only due to popular demand.
In 2017, the Texas Historical Commission designated the Astrodome a State Antiquities Landmark.
It forms part of the Northumbria University campus, in the city centre.
Gamla Ullevi is a football stadium in Gothenburg, Sweden, that opened on 5 April 2009.
On January 24, 2009, IceWorks was the host of a celebrity boxing match between Danny Bonaduce and José Canseco that ended in a majority draw.
Woodforest National Bank bought the rights to the name for $1 million from Conroe Independent School District, the stadium's owner.
However, the plans unveiled on May 29, 2012, show the original building being demolished and replaced with several new buildings that mimic the Civic Centre's roofline.
It is the home field of the Fresno State Bulldogs of the Mountain West Conference.
The Stade Amédée-Domenech is the theatre of the matches of the Brive rugby team since 1921.
The largest soccer crowd to see a game at Klöckner Stadium was on September 28, 2007, when 7,906 fans watched an ACC game against Virginia Tech.
The opening match between SC Paderborn 07 and Borussia Dortmund was attended by 15,300 spectators, the stadium's full capacity.
It is of easy access by road, easily reached by the A28 and A7 motorways, with parking space and nearby hotels.
Samutprakan United Football Club is a Thailand semi professional football club based in Samut Prakan province.
It abides UEFA standards for hosting Europa League games and TFF standards for hosting Super Lig games.
The building also features a fine dining restaurant, retail & meeting space.
Woodlands Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium located in Woodlands, Singapore.
It incorporates the clubhouse of the All England Lawn Tennis and Croquet Club.
It opened on December 11, 2008, and it is named after the Windsor Family Credit Union, a local financial institution.
The original Wembley Stadium was a football stadium located in Wembley Park, London.
The complex was the venue of the legendary Adana Demirspor waterpolo team.
The ground currently consists of a covered stand on one side of the pitch, with terracing on the other three.
The National Sports Complex or Kompleks Sukan Negara in Malaysia is the largest sports complex in the country.
J. Eliazer Stadion is an association football stadium in Groningen, Suriname.
Vodafone Ratu Cakobau Park is a multi-use stadium located in Nausori, Fiji.
As of 2017, it is still the headquarters and training ground for the Adelaide Football Club.
Iradier Arena, also known as Plaza de Toros de Vitoria-Gasteiz, is an arena and bullring in Vitoria-Gasteiz, Spain.
The current capacity of the venue is 15,000.
For three consecutive years the venue has been a finalist for the Billboard Touring Awards in the top venue category.
It is currently used for bull fighting.
Barrie Community Sports Complex is a multi use sports facility located in Minesing, Ontario, Canada.
Südweststadion is a multi-purpose stadium in Ludwigshafen am Rhein, Germany and was built in 1950.
It was opened in 1953 and renovated in 2009–2011.
Additionally, the complex has a pro shop and court times for general public use.
Unlike other multipurpose arenas, the arena was designed primarily for basketball.
Norwood Oval is a suburban oval in the western end of Norwood, an inner eastern suburb of Adelaide, South Australia.
Eddie Robinson Stadium is a 19,600-seat multi-purpose stadium in Grambling, Louisiana.
It is home to the Ulsan Hyundai FC.
Rugby league is the predominant sport played at the venue, however rugby union and soccer fixtures, at the elite level, have also been played.
It is located near O'Hare International Airport, Allstate Arena, Rosemont Theatre, and Fashion Outlets of Chicago.
It is named after King Mohammed V of Morocco.
Hans Hermansen, managing director of BK Frem, has indicated that according to the plan, the construction of a new stadium should commence no later than 2010.
While under construction it was known as 'Ansan Stadium'.
The stadium is peculiar in that it runs east to west, rather than north to south.
In this scenario, with a capacity for 6,000 people, it serves as host of the soccer team Deportivo Recoleta.
This venue will also host Road FC 24, instead of Ryogoku Kokugikan.
Mahindra Hockey Stadium is a field hockey stadium at Mumbai, Maharashtra, India.
Memorial Field is a football stadium located in Hanover, New Hampshire, USA.
The arena's naming rights partners, and largest sponsors, are Sanford Health, First Premier Bank and Premier Bankcard.
Gay Meadow was the home ground of Shrewsbury Town football club in Shropshire, England.
The Estadio Román Suárez Puerta is a multi-use stadium located in Avilés, Asturias, Spain.
Its prehistoric settlers included the Sanxingdui culture.
The stadium had also hosted cricket matches, playing host to a single first-class match between West Indies B and Guyana in 2003.
The stadium is located in the south-west section of the campus of Cal State Bakersfield.
It is about 0.5 miles from Old Trafford Cricket Ground and the adjacent tram stop.
Island Savings, "Vancouver Island's Credit Union", donated $1 Million CDN to the centre in exchange for a 10-year naming rights deal.
Both the large and small arenas are multi-purpose venues.
The Kadriorg Stadium is located about 2 km east of the city centre in the subdistrict of Kadriorg near the Kadriorg Palace.
It is currently used mostly for football matches.
In 2010, Austadiums.com called the Adelaide Oval "one of the most picturesque Test cricket grounds in Australia, if not the world".
It is the home stadium of Sevilla Fútbol Club.
Not to be confused with Dhyan Chand National Stadium, New Delhi
It is currently home to the French Pro A League basketball club Limoges CSP.
The building is next to the World Trade and Convention Centre, at the foot of Citadel Hill.
They played their earliest seasons here, before changing ground in early 1910.
Three hundred seats in the stadium are equipped with backs and arm rests.
It also previously played host to the Metro Lions.
Is home of the team Dorados de Sinaloa.
The Guangyuan Aoyuan Stadium is a sports venue in Sichuan, PR China.
Stadion Albert Flórián was a sports stadium in Budapest, Hungary.
In 1993, four floodlight towers were installed so that games could be played at night.
The stadium is the home of the Pro Kabaddi League team Jaipur Pink Panthers owned by actor Abhishek Bachchan.
Naming rights to the stadium were awarded to Coca-Cola Bottling Co. of the Lehigh Valley on March 7, 2007.
Major upgrades were carried out in 2006 and 2012, and a second rink opened in 2007.
Estadio Plan de San Luis Potosí is a multi-use stadium in San Luis Potosí, Mexico.
It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home stadium of Nakhon Nayok F.C..
It was built in 1928 and was able to hold 36,540 people.
After the 2010 sale of the corporation to Toronto Dominion Bank, the arena's name changed to TD Arena.
Besides cycling events the arena can host additional 22 types of sports and can serve as concert's hall.
The stadium is currently home to the men's and women's track and field teams from the University of South Florida in Tampa, Florida.
The seating capacity of the stadium is 6,050.
It is currently used mostly for football matches and was the home of Zamalek before they moved to Cairo International Stadium because of the small capacity.
Approximately 1,300 spectators were ushered out of the Field House, and the second half of the game was played in the empty arena.
Located on the campus of McNeese State University in Lake Charles, Louisiana, the stadium has a 1,200 seating capacity.
In 2008, the ACC was the fifth busiest arena in the world and the busiest in Canada.
Since the Olympics it has hosted a variety of events, notably as a concert venue for South Koreans as well as international artists.
Its name is Saheed Musleh Uddin Bhuiyan Stadium
The London Ice House was an arena in London, Ontario, Canada.
Additionally, Stanley's Sports Bar & Grill, opened in January 2006, features fabulous food, beer, and wine at reasonable prices.
The team formerly played its home games at Moon Area High School's Moon Stadium.
Although the club has been home to various auxiliary groups, the primary activities of the club remain soccer and cultural dancing.
Riggs Field is a 6,500-capacity soccer-specific stadium located in Clemson, South Carolina.
Gradski Stadion Kavadarci is a multi-use stadium in Kavadarci, Republic of Macedonia.
The hometown Zeniths won the game, 182-168, and basketball history was made.
The ownership of the building returned to the Hunter brothers afterward.
The stadium opened as a memorial to the students and alumni who had served and died in World War I.
Sanford Stadium is the on-campus playing venue for football at the University of Georgia in Athens, Georgia, United States.
From May 23–26, 2012, it hosted the 2012 Southland Conference Baseball Tournament, won by UT Arlington.
The main entrance, behind home plate, is at the south end of Park Boulevard and faces the San Diego Trolley station 12th & Imperial Transit Center.
It is home to the Rice University Owls men's and women's basketball, and volleyball teams.
While it was also used for figure skating, skating championships and curling, it is possibly most notable for its hockey use.
The football stadium was to be ready for the 100 years of the club in 2008, with the rest of the complex completed by 2011.
The arena opened on March 10, 2007, after nine months of construction.
The Jaipur Pink Panthers won the inaugural edition of the league in 2014.
Dow Diamond is a Minor League baseball stadium located in Midland, Michigan.
It is the home ground of SV Ried.
Thrum Hall was a rugby league stadium on Hanson Lane in Halifax, West Yorkshire, England.
The stadium has also been leased to the Canyon Independent School District since 1991.
Its other boundaries were Dodge Street to the north and Masten Park to the west with Masten Avenue farther west.
It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home ground of Clube Desportivo das Aves.
Thus, infield seating for the general public is elevated from the field by approximately 20 feet.
This was to the fact that the stadium could not handle track running and track cycling events though it could accommodate football games, seating 29,000.
It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home stadium of Khonkaen F.C..
Originally built in 1924, the stadium was renovated and renamed in honor of Mathewson in 1989.
The Poliedro is the main venue of the 2013 FIBA Americas Championship to determine the final four participants in the 2014 FIBA Basketball World Cup.
The Tianjin Olympic Center Stadium, often colloquially referred to as the Water Drop, is a stadium in Tianjin, China.
Páirc na hÉireann is located east of Birmingham near Birmingham International Airport.
When using the seats, the capacity is 8,060.
The stadium was completed in 2003, and has a capacity of 6,300.
Jan de Jong was the ice rink master at Thialf for many years.
It is at an altitude of 2810 masl.
Talen Energy is the stadium's naming rights sponsor.
Surat Thani means "city of good people", a title given to the city by King Vajiravudh.
It was voted ‘Central Region Racecourse of the Year’ by the British Greyhound Racing Board for 1998-1999 and 2001-2002.
The stadium underwent major renovations which lasted 1 year and a half.
In the playground one of the biggest Durga Puja is organized.
The town centre is one of five satellites of Canberra, seated in Woden, Tuggeranong, Weston Creek and Belconnen.
The stadium was completed in 2007 as part of Phase I of Ciudad Deportiva, a new sports complex that also houses the Nuevo Laredo Multidisciplinary Gymnasium.
It was inaugurated in May 2004 and cost 160 million NOK to build.
The proposal included that Mittelland Arena, in the heart of Central Park in Aarau, could be used to provide capacity of over 12,500 seats.
Tineretului Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium in Urziceni, Romania.
It is currently used for football matches and is the home stadium of JCT Mills Football Club.
The Racecourse Ground is a stadium located in Wrexham, North Wales.
The Don Valley Stadium was a sports stadium in Sheffield, England.
The facility is located on the Martindale Pond.
It was the home ground of the Chile national football team until the current Estadio Nacional de Chile opened in 1938.
Other features of the arena include 8 locker rooms, heated bleacher seating, concession stand, and pro shop/LU Hockey team store.
From 2006 to 2015 it was known as EnergySolutions Arena.
The address of the stadium is Roheline aas 24, 10150 Tallinn.
It has a seating capacity for 3,500 spectators.
In addition to a full sized indoor football pitch.
Ferry Field was the home field for the University of Michigan football team from 1893 to 1905.
Iberia has won three Segunda División Profesional titles and a Copa Apertura Segunda División title in 1984.
Croke Park is a GAA stadium located in Dublin, Ireland.
The stadium also hosts the annual Outback Bowl on New Year's Day and the Monster Jam tour for monster trucks holds an event at the stadium.
It has a centre court, six match courts and six warm-up courts.
Located in the south-west of the city, just south of the River Avon, it currently has an all-seated capacity of 27,000.
The Athletic Ground was a football ground in Loughborough in England.
Most recently the stadium was refurbished in 2004 including the installation of ViperVision Video Screen in right field.
O'Garney Park is a GAA stadium in Sixmilebridge, County Clare, Ireland.
Until the construction of Allianz Arena for the 2006 FIFA World Cup, the stadium was home to Bayern Munich and TSV 1860 Munich.
Its main tenant is the VCU Rams men's basketball team, which enjoys one of the nation's best home court winning percentages since moving into the facility.
It also has 40 handicapped seats and a 4-acre parking lot.
Assets from the ground are set to be sold, with Cheshire West and Chester Council benefitting from the sale money.
The arena hosted the opening ceremony for the Expo 2010, during which it was known as the Expo Cultural Center.
Patchin Field is built over top of Woods Creek, along with VMI's baseball facility, Gray–Minor Stadium.
The old Braves Field ticket office at Harry Agganis Way also remains, now used by the Boston University police department.
Its first regular season game took place on May 14, 2000, when the Ducks played host to the Aberdeen Arsenal.
Brookvale Oval has an approximate capacity of 23,000 people.
The stadium is named in honour of Jan Smuts, and is adjacent to the Buffalo City Stadium.
The architect was Wendell Rossman of Phoenix, also responsible for many other buildings on the surrounding NAU campus.
Georgia State's women's volleyball team uses the facility as well.
Inaugurated in 1999, it hosts table tennis, Rugby 7's,Boxing, Wrestling.
It is primarily used for baseball, and is the home field of the Potomac Nationals minor league baseball team.
The stadium was closed during the 1997 season for renovations.
Straw Family Stadium is a baseball venue in Emmitsburg, Maryland, United States.
Plough Lane was a football stadium in Wimbledon, south west London.
Rita Hillenbrand Memorial Stadium is the softball stadium for the University of Arizona.
The stadium is named for Dr. Dave Brazell, considered to be "the founder and developer of Canyon baseball."
The stadium holds 2,000 people and was built in 2003.
The 400m cycle track runs around the perimeter of a 350m athletics training track built for Halesowen Athletics Club.
Matatiele Stadium is a multi-use stadium in Matatiele, Eastern Cape, South Africa.
The previous turf in place in 1988 has been BaspoGrass-S.
The ballpark itself was erected in the 1920s.
It has a seating capacity of 30,000 people.
It was used mostly for football matches and served as the home stadium of Al-Shorta.
A record attendance of 14,900 was set by a visit of Hibernian in February 1965.
It is used mainly for football and hosts the home matches of Shillong Lajong FC of the I-League.
Liga with a capacity of about 2,200.
Stadionul Municipal is a multi-use stadium in Zalău, Romania.
The Stadium has facilities for cricket, hockey, football, basketball, lawn tennis & Track of 400 meters.
It will replace the club's current home, Malatya İnönü Stadium.
Walter C. Latham Park is a baseball venue located in Elon, North Carolina, United States.
It has also been used by the Macedonian national team for training.
It can accommodate up to 17,000 spectators and can be reached by the Tren Urbano system from the Deportivo station.
It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home ground of Royal Mouscron-Péruwelz.
The 9,600 seating capacity stadium was previously used for soccer, with the playing surface dually marked for both soccer and field hockey.
The expansion was designed to be in keeping with the existing roof design.
The stadium has a capacity of 3,000.
It currently has a capacity of 17,500 with terracing and a members area holding 750, though capacity was capped at 10,000 for Fremantle AFLW games.
In 2012, Abhay Prashal was chosen as ITTF Hot Spots Training Centre in India and only centre in the South Asian Region.
It opened in 2012 and broke ground in 2009.
It is the eighth stadium in the club's history.
Features of the ballpark include a 1,500-seat seating area with canopy, in-ground dugouts, fan pavilions, batting cages, and a press box.
The stadium holds 20,000 and has a single stand with covered seating on one side and terracing on three sides.
It is currently used mostly for football matches.
The timeline for this project's completion has not yet been revealed.
Hong Kong Velodrome is a velodrome in Tseung Kwan O, Hong Kong.
Columbus Civic Center is a 10,000-seat multi-purpose arena in Columbus, Georgia, built in 1996.
It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home stadium of Phang Nga F.C.
The Center hosted the 1997 Beach Volleyball World Championships, MTV Rock N' Jock, and the 2011 Coldplay concert.
It features an electronic scoreboard, dugouts, and a natural grass surface.
It replaced Färjestads Ishall as the home of Färjestad and has a capacity of 8,647 people.
In Philadelphia's 2016 Summer Olympics bid, the arena was planned to host fencing.
It is located between Mini Estadi and the Camp Nou, few meters north of the Palau Blaugrana.
The stadium has an all-seated capacity of 8,121 people.
The Dasarath Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium in Tripureshwar, Kathmandu.
The record attendance at Turf Moor was set in 1924 when 54,755 people attended an FA Cup tie between Burnley and Huddersfield Town.
Earlier it was used mostly for football matches and was the home ground of Dinamo Minsk, FC Minsk and the Belarus national football team.
It is primarily used for American football games of HISD schools.
Alashkert Stadium, is a football stadium in Yerevan, Armenia.
In addition to football, Paladin Stadium is also used for graduation ceremonies and concerts.
On 17 September 2008 the Italian national basketball team played a Eurobasket qualification match against Bulgaria at the arena.
CenturyLink Field is a multi-purpose stadium located in Seattle, Washington, United States.
Doha Port Stadium is a proposed football stadium which will be built in Doha, Qatar in time for the 2022 FIFA World Cup.
During Crocodiles games, the venue was commonly referred to as "The Swamp".
It is the home of the Indiana Hoosiers men's basketball and women's basketball teams.
The ground is mainly used for organizing matches of football, cricket and other sports.
It is the former home of PAS Tehran F.C.
Since then, the company has been taping most of its programming at the Universal Studios, but there is no permanent venue for the tapings.
The plans for a permanent stand to seat over 2,000 people are in place.
In 1936 O.D Donnell established the “Donnell Foundation” to provide ongoing financial support for maintenance and improvements to the stadium and adjacent recreational areas.
Stampesletta is a multi-use stadium complex in Lillehammer, Norway.
Estadio Francisco Artes Carrasco is a multi-use stadium in Lorca, Spain.
It is home to the Missouri State University Bears football team.
The wooden bleachers were replaced with a fireproof concrete grandstand, and reduced the seating capacity to 5,200.
University Arena is a multi-purpose arena on the campus of Western Michigan University in Kalamazoo, Michigan, United States.
An inning-by-inning digital scoreboard is visible in left-center field.
Wild Things Park is a 3,200-seat multi-purpose baseball stadium in North Franklin Township, a suburb of Washington, Pennsylvania.
It has a capacity of up to 9,400 people for sports, and up to 11,000 people for concerts.
It has been expanded three times, in the 1940s, 1970s, and prior to 2003, when it was renamed Fike Recreation Center.
Findlay embarked in 1928 on a growing athletic program with no expense to the taxpayer, an envy of many communities throughout the state of Ohio.
The arena is named in honor of Viacheslav Fetisov.
Skinner Reserve is an Australian rules football stadium located on Churchill Avenue, Braybrook, Victoria.
It is the home of Tucanes de Amazonas of the Venezuelan Segunda División.
George Tani Field is a baseball stadium in Casper, Wyoming.
Cliff Hagan Stadium is a baseball stadium in Lexington, Kentucky.
It is the largest stadium in the city.
The ground has hosted 23 Slovenia internationals at senior level, the first in 1994 and the most recent in 2015.
He played professionally for Sale Sharks, in England's Guinness Premiership.
Currently, the four stands at Turf Moor are the James Hargreaves Stand, the Jimmy McIlroy Stand, the Bob Lord Stand and the Cricket Field Stand.
The stadium's current primary tenant are the University of Alabama at Birmingham Blazers, who are currently on a two-year hiatus.
The arena was named for Lynn St. John, who served as Ohio State's men's basketball coach and athletic director until 1947.
As of late 2013, Bristol's two largest music venues were the Colston Hall and the O2 Academy, which both hold around 2,000 people each.
The Bahçeşehir Okulları Arena is a multi-purpose stadium in Alanya, Turkey.
They returned to the Primera in season 2004-05 but their stay lasted just the one season.
The stadium was opened 19 April 1964 football match between Syria and the RSFSR
It was used as football Stadium of 1923 Far Eastern Games.
The stadium was designed by HOK Sport, built in 2002 and seats 10,714 people.
The USA Softball Hall of Fame Complex originally opened in 1987, under the name "ASA Hall of Fame Stadium".
It is used mostly for football matches.
It started with eight franchised member clubs and, through a series of expansions, contractions, and relocations, the league is now composed of 11 active franchises.
The newly expanded stadium was inaugurated on 13th December 2015.
It is currently used mostly for association football matches, and is turfed with artificial turf.
It's currently served as home stadium for Ansan Greeners FC.
It was one of the venues for the Northeast Games 2012.
Its location is set on the Strip at the former site of a Wet 'n Wild waterpark, next to the SLS Las Vegas in Winchester, Nevada.
Later in the 1940s, the Cleveland Browns used League Park as a practice field.
In 2007, Colgate replaced the natural grass surface with the synthetic playing surface FieldTurf.
Meadow Park was a football ground in Dumbarton, Scotland.
Darüşşafaka Ayhan Şahenk Sports Hall is a multi-purpose indoor arena that is located in Istanbul, Turkey.
It has also served baseball teams Orix Blue Wave and Kintetsu Buffaloes, sometimes during the year.
But Patrik Andersson equalized in the additional time for Bayern, who retained the title and instantly killed the joy of the fans celebrating in Parkstadion.
PNC Park is a baseball park located on the North Shore of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
The 1stBank Center is a multi-purpose arena located 17 miles northwest of Denver, Colorado, in the city of Broomfield.
It was the city and county's main indoor venue, until the Resch Center opened in 2002.
It is currently used mostly for football matches and serves as the home stadium of CD Guadalajara of the Segunda División.
The UCD Bowl is a rugby union and football stadium in Dún Laoghaire–Rathdown, Ireland.
It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home ground of SK Kladno.
Pride Park has hosted two full international matches, England vs. Mexico in 2001 and Brazil vs. Ukraine in 2010, and several England under-21 matches.
Ayg Stadium is an all-seater football stadium in Ararat, Armenia.
It is primarily known as a rugby union stadium, but it also has a bowling green.
The stadium's car park has a capacity of 7,000.
It is currently used mostly for football matches.
The site was previously the location of Dugdale Field, a 1913 ballpark that was the home of the Rainiers' forerunners, the Seattle Indians.
It is a multipurpose venue able to host sporting events, concerts, cultural events, and conferences.
Two are nature grounds, three are artificial turf grounds and one ground for youth.
Calihan Hall is an 7,917-seat multi-purpose arena in Detroit, Michigan.
The original Gardner Park had opened in 1915, at Jefferson Boulevard and Comal Street.
The Nanjing Olympic Sports Center Gymnasium is an indoor arena in Nanjing, China.
The arena served as the primary home of the National Basketball Association's Dallas Mavericks and the National Hockey League's Dallas Stars.
TDECU Stadium was built on the former site of Robertson Stadium, which was the intermittent home of the school's football program since 1946.
Many fans arrive hours early to obtain seating for the Ohio State tradition.
The ground was host of various ICC tournament like 2011 ICC World Cricket League Division Seven as well as 2013 ICC World Cricket League Division Seven.
It was meant to replace University Stadium, a WPA stadium in the heart of campus which lasted 43 seasons.
Safeco Field is a retractable roof baseball stadium located in Seattle, Washington.
The facility seats 7,800 people and being the largest sports facilities in the Azerbaijan, the complex offers all the necessary conditions for major international competitions.
26,500 spectators attended to the game beating the record of attendance to a rugby union match in Spain.
and was also used in the past 1996 Gulf Cup competition.
It is the home stadium of F.C.
On March 10, 1953, the Pavilion hosted a first round NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Tournament matchup between the University of Santa Clara and Hardin-Simmons University.
The stadium is named after Levy Mwanawasa, the third President of Zambia, serving from 2002 to his death in 2008.
The stadium includes several other amenities for athletes, including badminton courts, basketball courts, a cricket field, a football field, tennis courts, and a swimming pool.
It was used mostly for football matches and hosted the home matches of VfL Wolfsburg.
The cycling track is 250 m in length and 6.5 m in width.
Chirnside Park is the home ground of Victorian Football League team Werribee Tigers who have played at the ground since their inception in 1965.
It has been named after former footballer and manager Anton Malatinský since 1998.
It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home ground of Slavia-Mozyr.
Estadio Enrique Torres Belón is a multi-purpose stadium in Puno, Peru.
It is currently used for football matches and Crown Green Bowling.
It was inaugurated on 10 June 1956.
Foster, a radio and television pioneer who also served as the radio broadcaster for the original Colts franchise in the 1950s.
Moby Arena is an 8,745-seat basketball arena in Fort Collins, in the U.S. state of Colorado.
It also housed the university's women's ice hockey team through 2012, after which they moved into the adjacent LaBahn Arena.
The stadium is equipped with floodlights for conducting day and night matches.It has also a 400 m athletic track with football/hockey field.
It is primarily used for basketball games, and it is the home arena of the French Pro A League club Élan Chalon.
The arena is the home of the California Vulcans men and women's basketball and volleyball teams, as well as the host of graduation commencement.
The teams competed in the existing 1,350-seat Penn State Ice Pavilion until the new arena was completed in the Fall of 2013.
The stadium is undergoing a £1.7 million refurbishment in preparation for the 2014 Commonwealth Games.
The stadium was opened on 13 October 2016.
The baseball complex, no longer a stadium, is managed by the City of Pompano Beach and hosts Federal League Semi-Pro Baseball and high school baseball games.
Bobsleigh competitions had crashes during all three events.
Shakhtar Donetsk made the stadium its home stadium in February 2017.
The stadium replaced the former Lourie-Love Field, which stood on the same grounds.
This runs for 40 years before ownership is transferred to the city.
The stadium is mostly used by FK FAP.
The current field and track are slightly west of the originals at Marquette Stadium.
It is currently used mostly for rugby union and rugby league matches, being one of three home stadiums for the Bay of Plenty Rugby Union.
The UMBC Aquatic Complex is located in the center of the UMBC campus inside the Retriever Activities Center includes both indoor and outdoor pools.
Hardwood Ski and Bike is located in Oro-Medonte Township in Ontario’s Lake Country region about one hour north of Toronto, Ontario.
It is the home stadium of the Miami Dolphins of the National Football League, and the Miami Hurricanes from the University of Miami.
The stadium was opened on 1 January 1976.
The stadium had a capacity of 18,100.
The Bills continued to host occasional exhibition games at the stadium through the 1960s.
İnönü Stadium was a football stadium in Istanbul, Turkey and the home ground of the football club Beşiktaş J.K..
It has also previously been a regular venue for football and speedway, as home to Clyde F.C.
Curb Event Center hosted one of three United States Presidential Debates in 2008.
Nonetheless, plans were drawn up and a draft was revealed in September 2007, with Cellino and Cagliari Calcio meeting all expenses.
It is home to the Elon Phoenix baseball team, a member of the Division I Colonial Athletic Association.
The stadium is used by Railways cricket team.
The stadium is also the host of the annual Stihl/ODU Soccer Classic.
Club Atlético Gimnasia y Esgrima Spanish pronunciation: [ˈkluβ aˈtletiko ximˈnasja i esˈɣɾima], is an Argentine sports club based in San Salvador de Jujuy, Jujuy Province.
The agreement signed by ALG with DirecTV is for five years, but with the intention to renew then, explained Matthias Lynch, CEO of ALG.
It is currently used mostly for football matches.
The stadium was home to the Newport Wasps speedway team between 1964 and 1977, attracting some the biggest names in the sport.
It serves as home stadium for football club FK Poprad and Slovak National Football youth teams.
The stadium opened in 1987, and its open concourse is considered the template for many later minor league ball parks built in the 1990s.
In 2004, Gil Vicente started playing in the new Estádio Cidade de Barcelos, using Estádio Adelino Ribeiro Novo only for training, friendly games and youth squads.
It is named after Haryanvi wrestler Chandgi Ram.
As of 2007, the Rockford College Regents will play their home games at Aviators Stadium.
It is commonly referred to as The Whale, due to its whale-like design.
It is currently used mostly for football matches, being home to Hércules CF.
Located on the Chattahoochee River in Downtown Columbus, it currently is not home to any professional baseball team.
McDonnell presented a gold NCAA Championship watch to Tyson Foods, Inc. CEO Don Tyson in hopes of persuading him to partially fund the project.
During the 1940s and early 1950s, Idaho had a nationally prominent boxing team; 5,200 attended a dual meet against neighbor Washington State in 1950.
"Lakers Stadium" - as it was originally known - was constructed in 1972, and opened in 1973.
Upper stand: radio commentary area; press area; indoor camera area.
Napoli were official tenants of the stadium during the 1933-34 season onwards, as their stadium Stadio Giorgio Ascarelli was having problems.
It is the arena half of ACC Liverpool located on the former King's Dock in Liverpool, England, United Kingdom.
It is home to Manly United FC and Manly Warringah Football Association.
Right to Dream Park is a football stadium, located in Farum, Denmark and is the home ground of FC Nordsjælland.
McGuirk Arena, previously known as the Daniel P. Rose Center and Rose Arena, is a multi-purpose arena, in Mount Pleasant, Michigan, United States.
It is the largest sports facility in Venice and the home ground of Venezia F.C..
Estadio Metropolitano de Madrid was a multi-use stadium in Madrid, Spain.
Estádio Mutange, also known as Estádio Gustavo Paiva, is a multi-use stadium located in Maceió, Brazil.
Hàng Đẫy Stadium is located in the center of Hanoi with a capacity of 22,500 seats.
Benedum Field also hosts central vs. western Massachusetts high school football Super Bowl games.
However following the club's relegation from the Premier League in 2010, these plans were put on hold indefinitely.
For this purpose the stadium was officially designated on 17 April 2014 as a police station and detention centre.
He was an avid supporter of Clemson athletics.
The stadium was renamed in "Keine Sorgen Arena", after the main advertising slogan of the sponsor "Oberösterreichische Versicherung", an insurance company.
It was the first non-green playing surface in football history and remained the only one among NCAA Division I FBS schools for over 20 years.
The stadium, named after Argentinian tennis player Mary Terán de Weiss, has a capacity of 15,500 spectators.
Along with the renovations came a new name, Oiler Park.
The stadium has a pitch size of 107m x 70m and its area stands at 36,000 m².
It is also venue for the 2014 FIBA Asia Cup.
It is currently used mostly for soccer matches, as well as baseball and American football.
Oxford Stadium is a former greyhound racing and speedway venue in Oxford, located in Sandy Lane, Cowley.
Notable for its air-supported "bubble," the building opened in 1975 at a cost of $6 million and is named after the 17th president of the college.
The most recent major renovation to Lee Arena added second-story office and meeting rooms that overlook the court.
The stadium is the home to Ecuadorian football club Barcelona.
Robinson Stadium is a baseball stadium located in Texas City, Texas.
Defence Housing Authority Stadium since 2005 has now developed into The Southend Club with various sports & recreationals facilities.
Paulson Stadium was dedicated on Sept. 29, 1984 with a 48-11 win over Liberty University.
The stadium was built in 1989 and plays host to Liberty Flames football, which is a part of the NCAA Division I - Football Championship Subdivision.
Ghazi Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium in Kabul, Afghanistan, mainly used to play football.
The team left in 2007 and is returning for the start of the 2008-2009 season for their first varsity season.
Samara authorities announced their design tender in late 2012 with cost estimated at $320 million.
Four new lighting towers were erected in April 2012.
During the 1996 Summer Olympics, Herndon Stadium hosted field hockey.
The stadium incorporates both Stephen B. Smith Field and Irwin Belk Track.
Future plans include expanding this plant to 60 kW.
Their home stadium is Suphan Buri Provincial Stadium.
The Coliseum, livestock barn, ticket booths and several small buildings were constructed, paving was done and fencing enclosed the grounds.
It is located next to War Memorial Stadium.
Löfbergs Arena is an arena located in Karlstad, Sweden, situated just above the river delta of Klarälven.
It is commonly used for Track and Field events.
Irish Field served as the home to the Tempe Normal football team from 1927 to 1935 before being replaced by Goodwin Stadium in 1936.
Its name refers to the nearby Wörthersee lake.
Belle Vue in Wakefield, England, is the home of Wakefield Trinity rugby league team.
That summer saw a $670,000 renovation that gutted the interior, and replaced the steel girders with eight inch columns at 45°.
Armin-Wolf-Arena is a baseball stadium located in Regensburg, Germany.
The Coliseum was one of the sites for games of the 1974 NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Tournament.
There is an elevator that offers wheelchair access to the top concourse level of the home grandstand and press box area.
It is the home of FC Thun of the Swiss Super League.
In 1991, Claudio Reyna led the Bruce Arena-coached Virginia Cavaliers to a penalty kicks victory over the Santa Clara Broncos for the NCAA Div.
Since 2003, there have been many plans and talks of expanding the stadium's capacity to nearly 45,000.
Mukul niketon is a popular house near the stadium.
It was closed in 1995 when Koning Willem II Stadion opened.
Michigan State Fairgrounds Coliseum is a 5,600-seat multi-purpose arena in Detroit, Michigan.
The whole complex is scheduled to be in the centre of Ljubljana public and cultural life.
The Estadio Romelio Martínez, or Romelio Martínez Stadium, is a sports stadium located at 72 street and 46 Avenue in the Colombian city of Barranquilla.
Singer Bob Dylan played the venue during his Never Ending Tour in 2010 on September 3.
The stadium is part of the Mokdong Sports Complex.
The stadium was built in 1920 and is able to hold approximately 10,000 people.
Denman Arena was an indoor arena located in downtown Vancouver, British Columbia.
The Cajundome has been home to the Lafayette SwampCats of the EISL and the Lafayette Roughnecks of the af2.
New Britain Stadium is a baseball venue in New Britain, Connecticut, United States.
The Savannakhet stadium, also known as Savannakhet Provincial stadium, is a multi-purpose stadium in Savannakhet, Laos.
Parnell Park also serves as the headquarters of the Dublin County Board.
Since its opening, it has been home to the Tulane Green Wave men's and women's basketball teams and the women's volleyball team.
J. J. Keller Field at Titan Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium at the University of Wisconsin–Oshkosh in Oshkosh, Wisconsin.
The stadium is home of the Wichita State Shockers baseball team.
Gayfield Park, commonly known as Gayfield, is a football stadium in Arbroath, Angus, Scotland.
The match was hosted by Veracruz at Estadio Luis "Pirata" Fuente in Veracruz, Veracruz on 13 April 2016.
Citi Field is a stadium located in Flushing Meadows–Corona Park in the New York City borough of Queens.
It is the spring training home of the San Francisco Giants.
The stadium's greatest moment came when it hosted a 2003-04 UEFA Cup first round match between Kamen Ingrad and German side Schalke 04.
Sports facilities have existed on the site of the stadium since 1874.
It was privately built by an investor group led by Bill Pereira and General Manager, Fred Kuenzi.
From 1 July 2017, the stadium's name officially became Max-Morlock-Stadion.
Hofstra University Soccer Stadium, is a 1,600 seat soccer-specific stadium on the campus of Hofstra University in Hempstead, New York.
The student section and pep band have seats located less than 6 feet from the baseline, creating an imposing and loud student section.
The stadium would replace Pittodrie and would be located near Kingswells and Westhill in the west of Aberdeen.
It is also suitable to host other events, such as concerts.
It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home stadium of Khonkaen F.C..
The stadium hosted its first senior international match on 5 September 2009, between Azerbaijan and Finland.
It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home stadium of FC Sète.
It is primarily used for football matches with Konyaspor being the main tenants.
The arena is the UK’s first twin ice pad facility and centre of excellence for ice sports in the UK.
It held 143 supporters and was similar to the chocolate boxes at The Dell.
Tivoli-Neu  is a multi-purpose stadium in Innsbruck, Austria.
Chaiyaphum United Football Clubor Chaiyaphum Mashare Football Club is a Thai semi professional football club based in Chaiyaphum Province.
The Deutsches Stadion was a monumental stadium designed by Albert Speer for the Nazi party rally grounds in Nuremberg, southern Germany.
Domnarvsvallen is a football stadium in Borlänge Municipality, and the home arena for IK Brage and Dalkurd FF.
During the annual Arkansas State Fair, the coliseum is the venue for the fair's rodeo events.
The hall covers an area of 8000 square meters and has a capacity for 1800 spectators.
A graduate of Case Institute of Technology, O.D.
It is located on the east bank of the River Usk in Newport city centre.
Osaka Stadium) was a stadium located in Naniwa-ku, Osaka, Japan.
After the demolition of the stadium in 1971, the area was redeveloped into a green space and retained the name Callister Park.
It is the home stadium of Al Ain FC of the UAE Pro-League.
The first match took place on 3 November 1940 with a 4-1 win over Arenas Club de Getxo.
The Estadio Libertadores de América is a stadium located in Avellaneda, Buenos Aires Province.
This arena is expected to be completed in 2018 and it is assumed that the Wildcats would move in for the 2018-19 season.
Central Park was a baseball venue located in the Hill District of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania from 1921-1925.
In preparation of several matches that were held here for the 2007 Rugby World Cup, two giant television screens measuring 37 m2 were installed.
It hosted 1970 FIBA World Championship and Eurobasket 1975.
Prince Moulay Abdellah Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium in Rabat, Morocco.
The stadium, which opened in 2003, was the first stadium used primarily by an NCAA Division I-A team to open in the 21st century.
The capacity of the arena is 8,585 for ice hockey games and 11,000 for concerts which makes it the 5th largest ice hockey arena in Sweden.
The stadium has a capacity of 3,746 with 626 seated.
"Skate Safe America" is also home to the AIHL Long Island 495ers.
Herb Parker Stadium is a 4,500-seat multi-purpose stadium in Minot, North Dakota, USA.
The stadium is owned by Hercílio Luz Futebol Clube and it is the home ground of Tubarão Futebol Clube.
It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home stadium of Santiago Morning.
It was the home ground of Blackburn Rovers between 1881 and 1890.
It is one of the venues of the Calcutta Premier Division league.
The Millennium Centar is a multi-purpose indoor arena located in the city of Vršac.
Other sports, which take place at Ahmet Cömert Sport Hall, include boxing, gymnastics, fencing, chess and as well as some individual sports.
The east grandstand was doubled in size in 2010 taking the total ground capacity to 6,000.
The final of the 1932 Norwegian Football Cup, between Fredrikstad and Ørn was played at Marienlyst.
The Barn also has a room used solely for those interested in kickboxing or mixed martial arts in general.
It is home to the Samford Bulldogs college baseball team of the Division I Southern Conference.
Other facilities include, swimming pool,volleyball hall, badminton hall, tennis courts, petanque facilities and weight room.
The country was then ruled out as a host of the international competition.
It is the home arena of the professional basketball team EWE Baskets Oldenburg, of the German League.
The new Yankee stadium opened in 2009 and is currently used by the NY Yankees.
The tribunes form a continuous ring which are quite low behind each goal but rise up on each side.
It is the second-largest indoor arena in the Eastern Visayas region, after the Ormoc Superdome in Ormoc.
The current contract with the state's high school sports governing body, the Kentucky High School Athletic Association, will run through the 2018 season.
The stadium is owned by Boca Juniors, one of Argentina's top football clubs.
Douera Sportpark Stadium is a stadium currently under construction in Douéra, Algeria, a suburb of Algiers.
Lark Hill currently provides sporting facilities for Rugby union, Rugby league, touch football, soccer, softball and cricket.
To fund the construction, costs had already been pre-construction sales of the name rights planned.
Three coliseums were renovated and two new coliseums were constructed in 18 months and with CO$50 million in preparation for the 2010 South American Games.
The field is named for Amos Alonzo Stagg, and was resurfaced with "monofilament FieldTurf" during the summer of 2007.
It was the home of Club Athlétique Bizertin of the Tunisian Ligue Professionnelle 1 until Stade 15 Octobre opened in 1985.
Pavilhão do Rio Seco is the Arena of Angolan side Primeiro de Agosto, mainly used for its Men's and Women's basketball teams.
The Class of 1923 Arena is the skating rink of the University of Pennsylvania.
Shagan Olympic Sport Complex Stadium is located in Baku, Azerbaijan.
Opened in 1992, it is home to the Alabama State Hornets basketball team of Alabama State University.
This stadium is currently under major renovation and expansion.
Since 1915, the site has been a recreation ground.
Estadio Municipal de La Unión is a multi-use stadium in La Unión, Piura, Peru.
The old stadium is currently slated to be demolished with the site being converted into a mixed use development.
Bursa is a large city in Turkey, located in northwestern Anatolia, within the Marmara Region.
Two brand-new shopping centres will also be located nearby, as will a car park with a capacity of 1785 cars.
Suita City Football Stadium is a stadium located in the city of Suita, Osaka Prefecture, Japan.
Bill Godfrey Oval was named after Mr Thomas Willam Melbourne Godfrey.
Garrison Creek runs under the park, converted to a storm sewer at the turn of the 20th century.
AT&T Park has also played host to both professional and collegiate American football games.
It is 9 Kilometers away from the Adisumarmo International Airport.
Aviator has refurbished four historic aircraft hangars and surrounding grounds in partnership with the NPS.
The park offers a wide variety of concessions, from the usual burgers and hotdogs, to Mexican wraps, and of course biscuits.
Soon after its construction, Paterson Field was the home of several Montgomery minor-league professional baseball teams.
It also hosts Equidays, THE Expo, the Campercare NZ Motorhome & Caravan Show, the BYM Baptist Ministries Easter Camp and many more popular events.
The renovation expanded the seating capacity from 4,500 to 6,000.
The venue was built as a venue for the 2010 Commonwealth Games, and was named after the South Indian music composer Thyagaraj.
After reconstruction the stadium holds 15,016 people.
It is the home of the New York Shock Exchange of the Men's Roller Derby Association.
The capacity of the arena is 6,873 people.
All pitches are of natural grass ground but one is covered with organic granular material and special artificial grass.
It is used mostly for football matches and it also has athletics facilities.
The Drexel Recreational Center officially opened in February 2010.
Deportivo and River Plate played in the first match and Bebeto had the honour of scoring the first goal.
It is currently used mostly for football matches.
DirecTV Arena, is an entertainment and sports venue, located in Tortuguitas, Greater Buenos Aires, Argentina.
During this renovation period, the Pritchard Gymnasium will be used to host the basketball and volleyball games.
Perth Arena is an entertainment and sporting arena in the city centre of Perth, Western Australia, used mostly for basketball matches.
With 12,300 seats, it is the largest indoor arena in Italy.
It is one of two velodromes in Ontario and one of five indoor cycling facilities in all North America.
Rudimentarily built of steel, attempts to heat the building during early season at first failed, with ice often forming inside:
The stadium was sold in 2016 for $23 million and likely will be demolished for a commercial/residential project.
Estádio Mauro Sampaio, also known as Romeirão, is a stadium in Juazeiro do Norte, Brazil.
Three hockey teams play in the Pictou County Wellness Centre.
San Juan was one of the venues for the 2002 FIVB Volleyball Men's World Championship, hosting five out of six matches for Group A.
Rated an UEFA category four stadium, it has also hosted four European Cup finals, the most recent being the 2009 UEFA Champions League Final.
It is home to the Central Arkansas Bears college baseball team of the NCAA's Division I Southland Conference.
It had a capacity of 20,000 spectators.
Roos Field is an outdoor college football stadium on the campus of Eastern Washington University in Cheney, Washington.
Casey Fields is a $30 million, 70 hectare multi-sports complex in the City of Casey at Cranbourne East a southeastern suburb of Melbourne.
Ankaraspor also used this stadium until they moved to their new venue in the Yenikent district.
Jinnah Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium in Gujranwala, Punjab, Pakistan.
A $4.8 million renovation project began in May 2011.
Football architect Archibald Leitch was commissioned to redevelop the ground when Bradford City were promoted to the First Division in 1908.
It is primarily used for baseball and has served as the home stadium for the Broncos de Reynosa.
The venue previously hosted the Atlanta Hawks of the National Basketball Association from 1968 to 1972 and again from 1997 to 1999.
It has a maximum capacity of 4,000 spectators, and is the home ground of Flamengo, its owner.
The team was then renamed the Louisville Colonels and continued to play under that name from 1885 to 1893.
There is a smaller pavilion for expositions and concerts.
Juarez squad wears green and black jerseys and black and green shorts.
The company's headquarters are adjacent to the stadium.
Often called "the UC" within the University, it was built in 1982 at a cost of $16.3 million.
Colisée Pepsi is a closed multi-purpose arena located in Quebec City, Quebec.
The original Harmon Gymnasium was a gymnasium on the campus of the University of California in Berkeley, California.
The stadium used to hold 5,400, though the safe capacity is now set at 2000 by the Louth County Fire Officer.
The Beijing Fengtai Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium in Beijing, China.
It is the home of the Doncaster Knights, a Rugby Union side who play in the RFU Championship.
Cornwall Council is developing a business plan for the stadium, although it has stated any project would have to be privately funded.
Safety measures have been taken and they have reduced the maximum to 43,000 for the safety of the public.
It has a capacity of 12,000 spectators.
Wells Fargo Arena is a 14,000-seat multi-purpose arena located at 600 E Veterans Way in Tempe, Arizona, a suburb of Phoenix, Arizona.
The seating capacity was 8,479 and it hosted concerts and sporting events.
It is currently used for football matches and hosts the home games of Delfines Del Este of the Liga Dominicana de Fútbol.
Marakana has hosted numerous international matches at a senior level, including European Cup final in 1973 and European Championship finals in 1976.
It hosted all the matches of 2014 SAFF Women's Championship.
Estadio Olímpico del IND Managua is a multi-use stadium in Managua, Nicaragua.
It was also one of the nine venues used for the 1994 FIFA World Cup.
It is the oldest stadium in Ljubljana.
The sports park is home to the Liverpool Aquatics Centre, Liverpool Tennis Centre and Wavertree Athletics Centre alongside numerous other health and fitness related facilities.
It has a capacity of 5,000 people and was opened in 1954.
The stadium architects are Reid Fenwick Asociados and ArupSport, and the cost is estimated between 250 and 300 million euros.
The outside is marked by regular concrete columns and Mississippi red brick siding, and the school seal adorns the front of the building.
Palasport Giacomo Del Mauro is an indoor sporting arena that is located in Avellino, Italy.
The arena replaced the old Winston-Salem Memorial Coliseum, which was torn down for the LJVM Coliseum's construction.
It was built in 1974, on orders of then president of El Salvador Arturo Armando Molina.
It was built in 1923; the architect was José Villagrán García.
The field is home to the Binghamton Bearcats baseball team of the NCAA Division I America East Conference.
The Punjab Stadium or Gaddafi Soccer Stadium is a football stadium in Lahore, Pakistan.
Prior to the 1965–1966 season, the ballpark was renamed in honour of José Bernardo Pérez, a prominent local athlete.
Quisqueya stadium Juan Marichal is a baseball stadium in Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic.
During the 2013 Miami Masters, plans were unveiled to fully renovate Crandon Park Tennis Center which would include building three permanent show courts.
Recently, FieldTurf was installed replacing the former grass surface at Princeton Stadium.
Olympia, sometimes referred to as Olympiastadion, is a football stadium in Helsingborg, Sweden.
It will replace the club's current home ground, Samsun 19 Mayıs Stadium.
The stadium holds 4,000 people, and is named after former Panamanian footballer, Armando Dely Valdés.
It has been the permanent home of Blackpool F.C.
The stadium was built in 1964 and has a maximum capacity of 21,178 spectators since its renovation in 2013.
After plans for an initial site collapsed, the development of a new stadium in Moston was announced.
Hosted rounds of the 1998 Baseball World Cup and 2009.
The stadium has a capacity of 20,000 people, making it one of the largest high school football stadiums in Texas.
Palacio de Deportes de Santander is an arena in Santander, Cantabria, Spain.
Gatorade Center is an arena in Turku, Finland.
The five–year, $200,000 pact, which includes an additional five-year, $250,000 option, will officially begin with a public skating event in April 2008.
The stadium was completely renovated in 2009 and is designed to allow for a future expansion to 28,000.
Gimnasio Ciudad de La Asunción is an indoor sporting arena located in La Asunción, Venezuela.
Also in 2010 the Chicago Riot of the Major Indoor Soccer League began play at the Odeum Expo Center.
Shakhtar became the sole tenant of the stadium from 2004, until their new Donbass Arena was completed.
In 1931, construction started on Bedford Avenue between Chauncy and Duff in Pittsburgh's Hill District.
Built in 1931, the ground has a capacity of 38,000 and is named after John MacHale, Archbishop of Tuam from 1831 to 1881.
Broadbent Arena is a 6,600 seat multi-purpose arena in Louisville, Kentucky.
It is used mainly for concerts, boxing, basketball, futsal, and volleyball.
Bell Auditorium, and a 14,500-square-foot exhibit hall that opens into a 23,000-square-foot arena floor.
It had a capacity of 62,109 with seats for 45,067.
Comilla Stadium is located near Dharma Shagor and Comilla Eid-gah in the city of Comilla, Bangladesh.
It is located between Maize Road and 119th Street West on the north side of Kellogg in west Wichita.
In 2012, It was the venue for the '46th Hind Kesari wrestling championship'.
Cassio Road, also known as the West Herts Sport Ground, is a sports ground in Watford in England.
Starting from 2013, it also held the China Women's Sevens as part of the IRB Women's Sevens World Series.
The Sun Gro Centre has hosted two Manitoba provincial curling championships – the 2004 Scott Tournament of Hearts and the 2011 Safeway Championship.
Fogel Field was built in 1912 as a spring training site for Major League Baseball teams.
The first match was on December 7, 1957, where Maharashtra and Baroda played to a draw.
The stadium is situated close to the main square and harbour and by one of the beaches of Vladivostok.
It was the largest indoor arena in San Antonio until HemisFair Arena opened in 1968.
The venue opened in 1974 when the basketball team moved there from Stephenson Hall.
The Bay Center has a capacity of 8,150 for hockey games, and as much as 10,000 for non-hockey events.
The right field foul line is kept tight by a large power plant that has two rising cooling tanks and a fence around its perimeter.
Skövde Arena is a building for rehabilitation, fitness, gym, massage and public events in Skövde, Sweden.
The Bajram Aliu is a multi-use stadium in Skenderaj, Kosovo.
The intensity of the floodlighting is 1,400 lux.
The Sports Ground, Stompond Lane is a stadium located in Walton-on-Thames, Surrey.
The estimated cost of the new arena is $63 million.
SportsHub Pte Ltd began construction with a groundbreaking ceremony on 29 September 2010 at Kallang, before the former arena there was demolished.
The North Tasmania Cricket Association Ground, better known as the NTCA Ground, is the oldest first-class cricket ground in Australia.
In 1923, the College built Memorial Field, with a brick-faced concrete stand and press box on Crosby Street.
The Santander Arena is a 7,160-seat multi-purpose arena, in Reading, Pennsylvania.
In November 1987, David Bowie performed four concerts at the venue.
PNC Field, formerly Lackawanna County Stadium, is a 10,000-seat minor league baseball stadium located in Moosic, Pennsylvania that serves the Scranton-Wilkes-Barre Metropolitan Area.
Guillermo Prospero Trinidad Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium in Oranjestad, Aruba.
It was the home ground of Leith Athletic.
It is used mostly for football matches and is the home stadium of FC Tskhumi Sokhumi.
Stade Francis Le Basser is a multi-use stadium in Laval, France.
It forms part of the Hamden Hall Country Day School Athletics Complex along with the Beckerman Athletic Center and the Skiff Street Fields.
The project would cost 75 lakhs with the facilities including compound walls around the ground, the stands, dressing rooms and turf field.
They also hosted the traditional Romanian Open, also known as the BRD Năstase Țiriac Trophy, that was part of the ATP World Tour for 24 editions.
It hosts the Lafayette Leopards of the Patriot League.
The field is named for Vic Nottingham who spearheaded the effort to raise private funds for the entire $4 million project.
The stadium is nicknamed "The Water Drop" because the outside of the venue was designed to resemble a drop of water.
During the summer the stadium is home the Arizona League Giants of the Arizona League.
Geoff Allen, a former Saints player, usually takes the role of announcer at home games.
It is the home ground of Bo'ness United, and was previously the home ground of Bo'ness F.C..
Today it is still in use, seating 5,500 for basketball and up to 9,800 for concerts.
Illinois Field is a baseball venue in Champaign, Illinois, home to the University of Illinois Fighting Illini baseball team.
Brunton Park is a football stadium and the home of Carlisle United F.C.
Formerly the home ground of League of Ireland club Cork City FC, it later became their training ground.
It is named after Tom Gola, a Philadelphia basketball player and coach who is in the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame.
It is primarily used for soccer, track and field, football and occasionally for kabbadi.
The ballpark has seating for 2,500 spectators in three sections of raised aluminum bleachers.
Its original capacity was 45,000 until the installation of seating on all stands in 1998 reduced the capacity to 32,000.
The arena had originally been designed to expand to 12,000 people in the original layout.
The Baseball Grounds of Jacksonville is a baseball park in Jacksonville, Florida.
Under the gate is a quote from Mariucci: "Through these gates walk the greatest fans in college hockey."
First Hiroshima Municipal Stadium was a stadium in Hiroshima, Japan.
The stadium is part of Viborg Stadion Center and is owned by Viborg Municipality.
The press box and luxury boxes are located above the west-side upper deck.
Japan Dome or abbreviated as Yahoo Dome, In January 2013, it was renamed to Fukuoka Yafuoku!
In 2006 the Burleigh Cricket Club, nicknamed Bullsharks, was established and began playing home matches at Bill Godfrey Oval in the summer months.
It was built in June 1993, at a cost of 141 million RMB.
The Corbet Field is a multi-use stadium in St Sampson, Guernsey.
It replaced Maclellan Gymnasium, a 4,177-seat gymnasium now used for women's volleyball and wrestling.
A British record crowd of 118,567 gathered in January 1939 for a league match with Celtic.
The capacity can be extended, however, by temporarily adding 5,000 seats to the Goal Line Terrace area.
Opened in 1929, the stadium has a capacity of 60,720 seats.
The stadium was opened in 1996 and has a capacity of 25,000.
The vast majority of the stadium's facilities are located underground, with a large car park directly under the pitch.
The Centre Georges-Vézina, formerly the Colisée de Chicoutimi, is a 4,724 capacity multi-purpose arena in Chicoutimi, Quebec, Canada.
The Packers had been leasing the field from the County since 1997 for $15,000 a year.
The Minot Mallards, a team playing in the integrated Manitoba-Dakota League or Mandak League, began playing at Corbett Field in May 1950.
Tropical Park hosted matches during the 2006 CONCACAF Women's Gold Cup.
Niue High School Oval is a multi-use stadium of Niue High School in Alofi, Niue, currently used mostly for association football matches.
Dr. Ambedkar Stadium or District Stadium is a main stadium in city of Bijapur, Karanataka.
School officials are debating renaming the entrance to the Hughes Entrance Plaza.
As winners, Veracruz earned a spot to face Guadalajara in the 2016 Supercopa MX to qualify as Mexico 3 to the 2017 Copa Libertadores.
HOK Sport designed the park as one of the first retro-classic ballparks.
The stadium was the home ground for international footballers like I.M.Vijayan, Jo Paul Ancheri etc.
Halton Arena was named for the former President and CEO of Pepsi-Cola Bottling Company of Charlotte.
The stadium at the archaeological site of Olympia, Greece is located to the east of the sanctuary of Zeus.
The stadium also hosted the Fortis Turkey Cup Final in 2009 in which Beşiktaş beat Fenerbahçe 4-2 to win the cup for the 8th time.
Shahid Bahonar Stadium is home venue of Azadegan League side, Mes Kerman Athletic and Cultural Club.
It is the largest convention center in the Middle East.
It hosted the opening ceremony of the 1984 Winter Olympics.
It opened in 1903 and was primarily used for American football and track and field.
Both the basketball and handball teams have qualified for the world championships.
North Road is a cricket and former football ground in Glossop in England.
Concrete was injected into the foundations, which solved the problem only temporarily.
It will mainly host football matches and will be the home of JS Kabylie.
The Sweden national football team has played at Malmö IP twice, in 1929 and 1949.
The stadium has a capacity of 32,000 people.
For that tournament, the artificial turf covering the field was temporarily replaced with grass.
The Jacksonville Veterans Memorial Coliseum was a multi-purpose arena located in Jacksonville, Florida.
It is used mostly for football matches and hosted the home matches of Le Mans FC.
Estádio Augusto Bauer is a football stadium located in Brusque city, Santa Catarina state, Brazil.
Since 2000, it has served as the home of the San Francisco Giants, the city's Major League Baseball franchise.
The Tamale Sports Stadium is a multipurpose stadium in Tamale, Ghana, used mostly for football matches, and serves as the home stadium of Real Tamale United.
TVF Burhan Felek Sport Hall, is a volleyball arena located in Üsküdar district of Istanbul, Turkey and reopened on 19 November 2010.
Madhya Pradesh Cricket Association Ground or Neemkheda Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium in Jabalpur, Madhya Pradesh.
Ishikawa Sports Center is a multi-purpose indoor arena in Kanazawa, Japan.
It is the home stadium of Baniyas SC of the UAE Pro-League.
The stadium and owned by Punjab Agricultural University.
In the 1950s, it became the sole home of the LSU Tigers basketball team.
The stadium is named after Ron and Alexis Fowler who provided a substantial portion of the $13 million needed to build the ballpark.
It was built into the natural valley of the area, and was a square-cornered horseshoe initially opening to the west before becoming an enclosed structure.
The stadium, which was known amongst Spurs fans as the Lane, had hosted 2533 competitive Spurs games in its 118-year history.
and now hosts the Iran national under-20 football team.
After years of planning, city council cancelled the project in 2016 to focus on a new performing arts centre.
Nevertheless, Doyt Perry Stadium has the second smallest capacity of any stadium among schools in the MAC - ahead of only Ball State University's Scheumann Stadium.
The stadium is famous for its slope from the North to South end.
It is located alongside River Wallington by the M27 motorway.
Monmouth Baseball Field is a baseball venue in West Long Branch, New Jersey, United States.
Knights Stadium is an Australian soccer stadium in Sunshine North, a suburb of Melbourne, Victoria.
Dr. Babasaheb Ambedkar Marathwada University Stadium is a multipurpose stadium located in Dr. Babasaheb Ambedkar Marathwada University Campus, Aurangabad, Maharashtra.
Mastodon Field is a baseball venue in Fort Wayne, Indiana, United States.
Tannadice Park, usually referred to as Tannadice, is a football stadium in Dundee, Scotland.
Dynamo Stadium is a multi-use stadium in Barnaul, Russia.
It was also the site of the first Ontario men's ice hockey championship game on March 7, 1891.
Two of the stadium's outfield entrance areas are located at K Street's intersections with 7th and 10th Avenues.
Hindustan Zinc Limited Ground is a cricket ground in Visakhapatnam, Andhra Pradesh.
It was briefly the home of the Pittsburgh Riverhounds soccer club during the 2005 and 2006 seasons.
The main oval, used for premier cricket, is the northern oval.
Campo de la Reina Victoria hosted the 1925 Copa del Rey Final when FC Barcelona won the final with 2-0 against Arenas Club de Getxo.
The large stadium also has its own "Lesser Hampden".
The Shay lies on the south side of Halifax, about a quarter of a mile from the town centre.
They would return to a site just north of the park two years later, at City Stadium.
It is part of the Bennett High School complex.
The ballpark was named after Major League Baseball's home run king and Mobile native Hank Aaron.
Stadion Gersag is a stadium in Emmenbrücke, Luzern, Switzerland.
The stadium managed and owned by Jawaharlal Nehru University.
Araklı Arena is an indoor volleyball venue located in Araklı town of Trabzon Province, Turkey.
It was used mostly for football matches and was the home ground of Frosinone Calcio — replaced by Stadio Benito Stirpe.
In domestic league the record attendance is 5 471, during match between RoPS and HJK Helsinki in 1981.
Its opening was on 6 September 2002, with a concert by rock band Divididos.
The 7,500-seat center is equipped with an audio and lightning system imported from the USA.
The arena is home to Croatia's hockey team KHL Medveščak Zagreb.
They offer language immersion in Chinese, German, French, and Japanese for grades K through 8.
It hosted some of the ice hockey event at the 1972 Winter Olympics.
However, immediately after the games was finished, the whole island was turned into an Asian Games park, which charged an entry fee.
It opened in 1936 and holds 7,200 spectators.
The majority of the 14,000 seats are incorporated on a single, covered tier.
Events such as expos, model railway shows, a circus and flea markets are held often during summer months.
In 2003, a new batter's eye was constructed past the center field fence.
and Newington Youth F.C., and traditionally hosts the final of the Steel & Sons Cup on Christmas Day.
Bodøhallen opened in 2007 and is used for handball by Bodø HK.
The team became a Football Bowl Subdivision member in 2015 and competes in Conference USA.
It is set to host the home matches of the Bengaluru Blasters in the Premier Badminton League's 2017 season.
Stadio Euganeo is a football stadium in Padua, Italy.
Brookland Stadium, or Killion Field, was the athletic field for Catholic University in Brookland, Washington, D.C.. from 1924 to 1985.
The Heinz-Steyer-Stadion is a Football and athletics stadium in Dresden, which is currently used by the Dresdner SC.
The Baseball Factory Field at UMBC is a baseball field located on the campus of the University of Maryland, Baltimore County in Catonsville, Maryland, United States.
The stadium was built to seat 1,400 people.
Arena Zenica is a multifunctional indoor sports venue located in Zenica, Bosnia and Herzegovina.
The stadium holds a capacity of 5,000 people.
The ground is situated at 22 Edward Street, Oakleigh and is the venue for Senior Men's, Women's and Juniors matches of the National Premier Leagues.
It was named in honour of businessman K. C. Irving.
McKale was coach of the Arizona football team from 1914 to 1930, with a record of 80 wins, 32 losses and six ties.
It is the home field of the 2007 and 2008 Frontier League champions, the Windy City ThunderBolts.
The Scottish Rugby Academy for the Glasgow & The West region is also based at Broadwood.
Port Trust Diamond Jubilee Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium in Visakhapatnam, India.
During the 1950s and 1960s mass executions were carried out in the stadium.
Wasps' first home match in Coventry as owners was on 21 December 2014 against London Irish.
The venue hosted the initial WCW/nWo Souled Out event in 1997.
The stadium is primarily used for rugby league and is the home of National Rugby League team St. George Illawarra Dragons.
Abbeydale Park is a sports venue in Dore, South Yorkshire, England.
It was built in 1964, and most recently refurbished in 2005.
South End Grounds refers to any one of three baseball parks on one site in Boston, Massachusetts.
The stadium was the site of several games in both the 1994 FIFA World Cup and the 1999 FIFA Women's World Cup which the U.S. won.
The Panathenaic Stadium or Kallimarmaro is a multi-purpose stadium in Athens, Greece.
Formerly known as Soldier's Field, the location has been home to Harvard baseball since 1898.
The MLS Portland Timbers and NWSL Portland Thorns FC soccer teams use the facility as their home pitch, as do the PDL's Timbers U23s.
When the stadium was opened in 1929 it could hold 27,500 spectators.
The stadium has an all-seated capacity of 10,696.
The main arena is part of larger community complex that includes three smaller ice pads and outdoor softball diamonds.
The Missions were allowed to play there for a final season in 1946, before the field was demolished.
The complex is located in Khajamalai, a suburb of Tiruchirappalli.
The Lahore City Cricket Association Ground is a cricket ground located opposite to Gaddafi Stadium in Lahore, Pakistan.
Viking Park is a 8,000 capacity multi-sport stadium located in the Tuggeranong Valley suburb Wanniassa, Canberra, Australia.
Hall is certified by the CEV, which allows you to play out here CEV Champions League matches.
It hosted the annual Palmetto Capital City Classic between Benedict College and Johnson C. Smith University until the last game in 2005.
Eisstadion Biel was an arena in Bienne, Switzerland and was primarily used for ice hockey, serving as the home of EHC Biel from 1973 to 2015.
Olympic velodromes have been built with a roof since 2000.
U.S. Cellular Community Park is an athletic facility in the western United States, located in Medford, Oregon.
The stadium was opened in 1963 and has a current seating capacity of 51,500.
It is the home stadium of Maccabi Tel Aviv, Hapoel Tel Aviv and Bnei Yehuda Tel Aviv.
It lies in the same place where once stood the Imtarfa Parade Ground, one of the very first football grounds on the island.
Auburn Arena is a 9,121-seat multi-purpose arena in Auburn, Alabama, on the campus of Auburn University.
The Dragão Caixa is an indoor arena located in Porto, Portugal, which houses the basketball, handball and roller hockey teams of FC Porto.
It has a seating capacity of 1,500.
The Echo Arena Liverpool is a purpose-built entertainment venue for live music, comedy performances and sporting events.
The Estadio Alfredo di Stéfano is a multi-purpose stadium in Madrid, Spain.
Perth Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium under construction in Perth, Western Australia, located in the suburb of Burswood.
B&W Hallerne is a former industrial complex located on the island of Refshaleøen in Copenhagen, Denmark.
Parker Field had been converted for baseball in 1954, replacing Mooers Field.
Chavdar Tsvetkov Stadium is a multi-use stadium in Svoge, Bulgaria.
It was home to the Edmonton Oilers of the National Hockey League, and the Edmonton Oil Kings of the Western Hockey League.
Red Rolfe Field at Biondi Park is a baseball venue in Hanover, New Hampshire, United States.
The Stadium has a full capacity of 3600 and it has 2513 seats, all of which are numbered and divided into six areas.
The stadium has a capacity of 2,020, and was built in 2000 after the move away from Dumbarton's former home, Boghead Park.
It opened in 1975 and is home to the Northwestern State University Demons football team.
The field is located at 5998 Alcala Park, San Diego, California, on the site previously occupied by its predecessor John Cunningham Stadium.
Located in the Cerro neighborhood, it opened with the name Gran Estadio de La Habana and currently holds about 55,000 people.
The stadium is located in the south east of Jeddah, between King Abdulaziz University and the industrial city.
It is planned to start the reconstruction of the stadium in 2012 and expand the capacity of the stadium up to 15,000 seats.
Stade Saniat Rmel is a football stadium in Tétouan, Morocco.
The design of the stadium which is in the shape of mouth of a volcano is based on Jeju Island’s natural environment and its sea surroundings.
It is the first rugby-specific, municipally-owned stadium in the United States.
In 2006, a $1,570,000 restoration was completed, with the field relaid in artificial turf.
It is the home of Wrexham AFC.
The Sebo Center was built and enclosed the north endzone.
The ballpark site's current occupants include a branch location of Wells Fargo Bank.
The initial capacity of the ground was about 6,000 but gradually increased during the years to 10,230.
It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home ground of Mighty Greens F.C..
The venue is also used for other indoor events, such as boxing, pro wrestling, and music concerts.
Media related to Rambergsvallen at Wikimedia Commons
The opening match of the tournament, between Argentina and Australia, was held at the Luna Park Stadium, in Buenos Aires.
The stadium was expanded and reconstructed in 1975, and was renovated and repaired on 8 September 2003.
In 2015 & 2016, it hosted the European Championship in darts, a Professional Darts Corporation event.
In addition to regular season play, the softball complex was the site of the 1996 Southland Conference Softball Tournament.
The Ravi Shankar Shukla Stadium is the main sports venue in Jabalpur, Madhya Pradesh.
The stadium was first used for the 2013 FIFA Confederations Cup and the subsequent 2014 FIFA World Cup.
It is currently used by Vannes OC and Rugby Club Vannes.
The seating capacity of the arena is 7,500 people for basketball games, and the maximum capacity for rock concerts, with general admission tickets, is 8,262 people.
It was the home ground of the Club Deportivo Huachipato until the current Estadio CAP opened in 2009.
The venue opened in 1915, and was originally named University Field.
Although the ground was regularly maintained, it changed little until the arrival of Redbridge Forest in 1990 to ground share.
The nearest train stations to Forfar are Dundee and Arbroath, both of which are approximately 14 miles away.
Upstairs is a fully heated lounge which overlooks the ice surface or main venue area of the stadium.
The Rangers severed their relationship with Ameriquest on March 19, 2007, and announced the park would be renamed Rangers Ballpark in Arlington.
From 1999 to 2004 no senior intercounty championship matches were played at the venue.
There is a plaque detailing the ballpark's history, near the drive-up window which is positioned near what was once the center field corner.
It was also home to the Marquette Rangers of the NAHL between 2006 and 2010, before they moved to Flint.
The facility also is a year-round tennis training facility.
It hosts local sporting events and concerts.
The stadium is able to hold 17,000 people.
The center has three levels, with the floor holding about 7,500 people, and the two upper balconies about 4,500 each.
It is currently used for football matches.
Broadhurst Park is a football stadium in Moston, Manchester, England.
It is home to the Merritt Centennials ice hockey team, the Merritt Minor Hockey Association, recreational hockey, old-timers hockey, commercial hockey, and First Nations hockey programs.
Until recently it was the only stadium in Allsvenskan built in the last 40 years.
The facility is expected to open in the fall of 2018 in advance of the 2019 season.
It was inaugurated in 1942 and renovated in 2005.
Magee Arena's standard seating capacity is 1,800, although this can be increased up to 2,700.
It is located behind the Koessler Athletic Center on Canisius' campus.
JAPAN, one of SoftBank's subsidiaries, acquired the stadium's naming rights, and thus renamed it Fukuoka Yahoo!
St. Pat's also home to both the senior and junior St. John's Capitals, the all-star team for St. John's Amateur Baseball
The ballpark opened on June 29, 2008 and has a capacity of 3,071 people.
Warren Spahn started for Milwaukee and was the losing pitcher in the game.
Fisht Olympic Stadium is an outdoor stadium in Sochi, Russia.
It became the first tennis venue in the United States.
The Ice Cube Curling Center is a 3,000-seat multi-purpose arena in Sochi, Russia, that opened in 2012.
The game ended in a 1-1 tie.
The stadium holds 20,000 people and opened in 1995.
In 1977, the playing surface was renamed "Frank McGuire Arena" after then head basketball coach Frank McGuire.
In April 2014, a contract for building a new stadium to replace the old one was signed between PFC Slavia and the German company IFS.
There are also facilities for indoor sports such as basketball, badminton, gymnastics, handball, volleyball, lawn tennis, table tennis, weight lifting and Kabbadi etc.
St Georges Park is an association football stadium in Newport on the Isle of Wight.
Occasionally the stadium will host Charlotte Eagles Lamar Hunt U.S. Open Cup matches when their stadium is not big enough for demand.
The function of blood vessels within the dermis is fourfold: to supply nutrition, to regulate temperature, to modulate inflammation, and to participate in wound healing.
The ballpark had a capacity of 15,000 people and was opened in 1912.
The arena hosted the Taekwonde events at the 2007 Black Sea Games and handball event for girls during the 2011 European Youth Summer Olympic Festival.
Jordan–Hare Stadium regularly makes lists of the best gameday atmospheres and most intimidating places to play.
It takes its name from a local sports journalist who died shortly before the stadium's inauguration.
Star Park is a former baseball ground located at Taylor and Salina Streets in Syracuse, New York, United States.
Juventus played the first match against the world's oldest professional football club Notts County on 8 September 2011 in a friendly which ended 1–1.
Sadar Bazar Stadium is a multi purpose stadium located in Agra, Uttar Pradesh.
It's currently home stadium of XSKT Can Tho F.C..
The Queensland State Equestrian Centre has 55 camp sites with water and power access as well as additional ‘informal’ camping spaces.
On either side of the east grandstands are spaces for party tents, and the south end zone features the scoreboard and an open plaza.
The stadium also serves as a large-capacity venue for concerts.
The stadium has seat rows in the left and right sides, 200 meters east is the Plateau of Praia.
It was the home of the Iowa State Cyclones football and track and field teams.
Al Ansar have won 13 titles while Nejmeh and Homenetmen have won seven.
The stadium is completely composed of natural grass with a dirt infield and dirt base paths.
The Costa del Sol Trophy Cup, organized annually by the Málaga Football Club together with the Municipality of Málaga, is held in this stadium.
Stade Louis II was a multi-use stadium in Fontvieille, Monaco.
The fronton was demolished in the late 1940s.
It was the biggest rock concert in Ostrava.
Roker Park was an English football stadium situated in Roker, Sunderland.
It was formerly known as Estádio Municipal de Guimarães, and before that as the Estádio D. Afonso Henriques.
It was inaugurated on 15 June 2013.
It replaced Romazan Ice Sports Palace in late 2006.
The last one, played on March 25, 1992, was a friendly against Yugoslavia.
It has total capacity of 15,000 and is located within walking distance from Peshawar Saddar and Peshawar Cantonment railway station.
It is operated by the A & S Leisure Group, the majority shareholder of which is Dave Allen.
The stadium holds 6,355 and was built in 1891, which until Macclesfield's relegation in 2012 made it the second oldest in the Football League.
The construction of the sports hall finally started on July 20, 2007, and was completed as planned on December 15, 2008.
Mosaic Place, completed in 2011, served as a replacement for the Moose Jaw Civic Centre.
In 2013, the track hosted the Ontario Provincial Track Championships.
The New York Yankees and Miami Marlins have scheduled two spring training exhibition games at the ballpark on March 15 and March 16, 2014.
It has been the home of South Australian National Football League club West Adelaide for training since 1956 and home games since 1958.
It is located in the Durkeeville community in northwest Jacksonville.
McMurry played its first game at Walt Driggers Field on February 12, 1997 with a 7-3 win against Wayland Baptist Pioneers.
During that time, the arena earned the nickname 'The Frozen Swamp'.
In February 2006, the naming rights for the park were purchased by Huntington Bancshares Inc. for $12 million over 23 years.
It will be used mostly for football matches.
It is also used for local high school ice hockey, local youth hockey and figure skating clubs and organizations, public ice skating, and for intramural sports.
It is the home of the Carolina Mudcats of the Carolina League.
The Stade Amédée-Domenech is a multi-purpose stadium in Brive-la-Gaillarde, France.
The stadium is able to hold 23,067 people and was built in 1924.
It is a part of the S. Darius and S. Girėnas sport center, which also includes the nearby national stadium.
It was located on Theodore Street, at Waller Street, at the present location of the Arts Hall of the University of Ottawa, near the Rideau Canal.
It replaced the former Werner-Seelenbinder-Halle, which was demolished in 1993.
It was located next to the railway station at the end of the Jubilee Exhibition Railway line, which operated from 1887-1927.
John "Sonny" Allen Field is a baseball venue in Morehead, Kentucky, United States.
Lumpkins Stadium is a stadium in Waxahachie, Texas.
Stadion Banja Ilidža is a football stadium in Gradačac, Bosnia and Herzegovina.
A new stadium called the National Arena will be constructed on the same site of the former Qemal Stafa Stadium and planned to open in 2018.
Lammual is a general open pitch in Aizawl, Mizoram, India.
Other clubs that play at the Iveagh Grounds include a field hockey club and a rugby union club.
The architectural firm behind the design of the Galen Center is HNTB.
Since 2008, Taube has also been host to the annual USGO Gay/Lesbian tournament, held every Memorial Day weekend.
The official opening took place on 29 August 1993 with friendly match between Celta Vigo and Deportivo La Coruña.
It is named in honor of Walter A.
The sports hall was inaugurated in August 1998 and has a capacity of 4,000 seats for handball and 4,500 for basketball.
Renovations on the structure have continued: in the 1986 the grandstand was covered and the tartan track was added.
Located in the Merrill Park neighborhood west of the university, the stadium opened in 1924 and had a seating capacity of 24,000 at its peak.
In addition, Barcelona SC has never been able to defeat Liga at this stadium.
Besides a large hall was floors, light engineering, stands and big screen replaced.
Estadio Municipal de La Pintana is a multi-use stadium in La Pintana, Santiago, Chile.
It is currently used mostly for football matches and serves as the home stadium of Al Shabab Al Arabi Club of the UAE Pro-League.
The arena was built to host the handball and karate competitions at the 2011 Pan American Games.
The Coliseum remained home to Bears basketball, and Waco's largest concert venue, until Ferrell Center was built in 1988.
Arena Garibaldi – Stadio Romeo Anconetani is a multi-use stadium in Pisa, Italy.
The venue features portable bleacher seating and a press booth.
The stadium seats 4,000 and is home to the school's soccer teams.
UCM Multipurpose Building is an 6,500 seat multi-purpose arena in Warrensburg, Missouri, United States, on the campus of the University of Central Missouri.
Its formal name honors Raimundo Sampaio, a former chairman of Sete de Setembro.
Artashat City Stadium is a multipurpose stadium in Artashat, Armenia, mostly used for football matches as well as for domestic events of Athletics.
The upper concourse includes restrooms and old concession stands that are no longer in use, with entrances on Walnut Street.
The facility is wheelchair accessible, has an adjacent parking lot, and is served by public transit.
The stadium played host to all 1984 Olympic field hockey matches.
Three years later, he and his wife Frances were killed in an automobile collision in New Mexico in October 1964.
Estadio del Bicentenario is a multi-use stadium in Tepic, Mexico, that is under construction.
Arena Monterrey is an indoor arena in Monterrey, Mexico.
The stadium was opened in 1952 and had a capacity of 30,000 people.
Delano-Hitch Stadium is a stadium in Newburgh, New York; it has a current capacity of 3,100.
The completion of the four corners in 2002 eventually led to its current capacity.
The building is at 14th Street and Grand Boulevard, on the east side of the Power & Light District.
Because it was designed in the Gothic Revival style that prevailed at Yale between 1920 and 1945, it is commonly known as "the cathedral of sweat".
It serves as the home ballpark for the New York Yankees of Major League Baseball.
The stadium was nicknamed Fonte Nova because it was located at Ladeira das Fontes das Pedras.
The stadium was the home of the Hamilton Tiger-Cats of the CFL from 1950 until it closed on October 27, 2012.
Al-Arabi SC is the only team in Kuwait that has never lost in the Kuwait Super Cup.
Sherk Aquatic and Fitness Centre in Leamington, Ontario, Canada.
The match finished 1–1 after extra time.
It is the new home of RCD Espanyol and replaced their previous stadium, the Estadi Olímpic Lluís Companys.
Soccer Complex were sold to the City of San Antonio and Bexar County.
Other sports such as cricket, tennis, bowling, cycling and foot-racing have been played at the venue.
It was built in 1989 for the use of military teams and students at the military academy.
In 1923, a cinder running track was added that was later upgraded to an all-weather track.
Cheonan Oryong Stadium was a multi-use stadium in Cheonan, South Korea.
The venue was used by France in November 2009 when the French played the New Zealand All Blacks.
It is home to the Furman Paladins college baseball team.
Before this the stadium has hosted non-first-class matches when Inter Services Tournament was played in 1952–3 since then, the ground has not hosted any match.
Nonetheless, "Eclipse" was among the early team names to be a singular word, despite sounding like a plural.
It was built in 1963 and is part of the National Stadium complex.
Thompson is the home of the Western Ontario Mustangs men's and women's ice hockey teams.
It is owned by the Pará State Government and the Santarém City Hall, and it has a maximum capacity of 19,524 people.
It is currently used mostly for football matches, on club level by Heredia Jaguares de Peten of the Liga Nacional de Fútbol de Guatemala.
The stadium opened in 2002 adjacent to Vanderbilt Stadium and Memorial Gymnasium and holds 3,700 people.
The ground was named after American physician Jonas Salk.
It is currently home to the HC Energie Karlovy Vary ice hockey team.
Yadegar-e-Emam Stadium, also popularly known as Sahand Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium in Tabriz, Iran.
There is parking for 4,450 cars within a ten-minute walk of the arena, including 450 at the arena itself.
It also served as a neutral site for the annual Arkansas–LSU football rivalry from 1924 to 1936.
The ground had two main grandstands and was surrounded by a grass covered hill, giving it a capacity of more than 35,000.
It is owned by the Municipality of Kadıköy and operated by the Directorate of Youth and Sport of Istanbul Province.
It is currently used mostly for football matches.
In 1966, with the demolition of Sandfield College, a new entrance to the ground was created onto London Road.
The venue is considered by FISA as a "A" class venue.
On November 13, 2009, Sun National Bank signed a naming-rights deal for seven years for $2.1 million.
It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home stadium of Phitsanulok F.C..
Wayne State University is an American public research university located in the Midtown Cultural Center Historic District of Detroit, Michigan.
Stagg Field is an athletic field on the campus of Springfield College in Springfield, Massachusetts.
The ground was opened in 1997, after Peterhead's old ground Recreation Park was sold off to supermarket company Safeway.
She remains a benefactress to the university and has served on the University's Board of Trustees.
In the 1970 World Cup Final, Brazil defeated Italy 4–1, and in the 1986 World Cup Final, Argentina defeated West Germany 3–2.
They hosted the track portion of the cycling competitions for the 1972 Summer Olympics.
It was located on the northeast corner of Columbus Avenue and Walpole Street, just southwest of the current Carter Playground.
The EJ Murray Memorial Skating Center is a sports facility located in Yonkers, New York.
It is primarily used for ice hockey, and is the home arena of Kärpät.
There are 11,230 permanent seats in the arena.
Director Paul Fletcher stated that the anticipated capacity of Turf Moor would eventually be 28,000 to cope with extra fans.
During the 2011–12 KHL season, it was also the home arena of Lev Poprad, which was playing in the Kontinental Hockey League.
The stadium holds the capacity of 5,100 spectators, recorded in 2017.
Concerts are often held at the stadium as well.
It hosted UFC on Fox: dos Anjos vs. Cerrone 2 on December 19, 2015.
ft. multi-level fitness center, multiple gymnasiums and racquetball courts, an indoor track, pool, indoor climbing wall and facilities for equipment rentals.
It is currently used mostly for football matches.
The rink held approximately 2,000 people, but did not have many modern amenities.
It was notoriously used as a prison camp and torture facility by the military regime following the 1973 Chilean coup d'état.
Phillips Field was a medium-sized stadium located on the west bank of the Hillsborough River across from downtown Tampa, immediately adjacent to the University of Tampa.
It is the home ground of Gefle IF.
On March 21, 1952 it was the site of the Moondog Coronation Ball, considered the first rock and roll concert, organized by Alan Freed.
Glamorgan County Cricket Club have regularly used St Helen's as an outground since 1921.
Nanshan District is one of the six districts comprising Shenzhen.
In July 2015, the oval began undergoing a $25–$40 million redevelopment designed to make it the administrative headquarters of Cricket Victoria.
Anorthosis was founded in 1911 in Famagusta and in 1934 became one of the founder clubs of the Cyprus Football Association.
It is the home of the Florida State University Seminoles volleyball team.
The building was originally known as the Ice Palace.
Other important basketball matches hosted at the Malley include the 1994 and 2000 Saporta Cup finals.
The arena is served by 4 additional indoor sports training halls.
The site is currently owned by the Henry Doorly Zoo and Aquarium.
On 30 May 2015 the redevelopment of the oval and facilities was officially opened by Mayor Cr.
It also serves as the home stadium for the Kazakhstan national football team.
Currently, Jawaharlal Nehru Stadium is used as the KCA home ground.
In 1878, the Providence Base Ball Association formed and began scouting around the city for a good location for "the best baseball plant in the country".
The stadium played host to Amnesty International's Human Rights Now!
It is currently used mostly for football games and is the home ground of FC Spartak Varna.
In 1998, the stadium installed SportGrass, a leading artificial grass surface.
Demolition was completed in May 2015, and the site will be redeveloped with a new larger-capacity National Olympic Stadium.
Gaston Petit is a former player of the club.
The first regular season game played there was February 22, 2011.
It was known as Nairi Stadium until 2013 when it was renamed Alashkert by the new owners.
Its final event was the sixth game of the 2005 NLCS on October 19.
The City of Brandon and the Province of Manitoba have agreed to cover any operating deficits of the Keystone Centre.
In the stadium, whose main use is for the football, play at home on Deportes Tolima, team of the Colombian Categoría Primera A.
The acceptance of the Inglewood project with teams signed to move in killed the other stadium projects.
The Rafael A. Mangual Coliseum is a sports arena in Mayagüez, Puerto Rico.
It has 3,713 seats and a maximum capacity of 6,000 and it is owned by the Oviedo City Hall.
Construction took place between October 1999 and February 2001 and cost £10,000,000.
The $150 million complex was developed and is operated by the Anschutz Entertainment Group.
In 2007, the arena was the home of the San Diego Shockwave indoor football team for one season.
Tsukisamu Dome was an indoor sporting arena located in Toyohira-ku, Sapporo, Hokkaido, Japan.
The Iberostar Stadium is a football stadium located in Palma, Balearic Islands, Spain.
The field has a capacity of 500 spectators.
The 2007 World Artistic Gymnastics Championships were held at the Hanns-Martin-Schleyer-Hall.
The arena's full name is Palazzetto dello Sport "Elio Pentassuglia".
The ground's nickname was created in 1964, as a result of the unexpected defeat of the Brazilian team Santos FC led by Pelé.
The arena, which has 4,879 permanent seats, is also used for concerts, banquets, conventions, ice shows, wrestling and trade shows of floor space).
Having replaced the former Estádio José Alvalade, it is the center of a complex called Alvalade XXI, designed by Portuguese architect Tomás Taveira.
The elevation of the court is approximately 2,550 feet above sea level.
Calfee Park was named after the mayor of Pulaski in 1935, Ernest W. Calfee.
It is also home to the City of Hope Celebrity Softball Game.
The brick building was built in two years at a cost of $150,000.
It hosted a campaign rally for Vice President Al Gore in 1996 and all or part of the 1997-2001 America East Conference men's basketball tournaments.
The stadium was planned to be completed by November 2013, which was changed to middle of 2017.
Because of that, professional games are only held over the weekends.
The new stadium would accommodate about 30,000 spectators and have new Skybox, restaurants and café.
Construction of the hockey/curling complex was completed in the fall of 2007.
Seating over 20,000 for a concert, it contains 702 club seats and 68 suites.
It is also the base for AEL's women's basketball and volleyball clubs.
The main stand is covered and seats 400.
It became the first Japanese venue with an American football attendance above 50,000.
In 2017 the Chicago Sky announced their move from Allstate to Wintrust.
It was the home ground of Galston F.C..
In 2011, Goodman Stadium hosted the 147th playing of the Lehigh-Lafayette rivalry.
It also hosted the Stuttgart Masters when it was an ATP Super 9 event between 1996 and 2001.
The stadium opened in 1975 and cost $1.7 million.
From 2008 on it has been home to the Zorros de Reynosa football club that currently plays in the Segunda División de México.
The size of the pitch is 105 by 65 metres.
It was also the home of the Slippery Rock Sliders of the Frontier League in 2007.
The arena was built in 1999, and is located within the Braehead Complex.
Daegu Baseball Stadium is a multi-use stadium in Daegu, South Korea.
The capacity of the stadium is 12,000 spectators.
Major renovations were made and completed in 2016.
Zhuzhou, formerly Jianning, is a prefecture-level city of Hunan Province, China, a little to the southeast of Changsha and bordering Jiangxi to the east.
An 80m x 40m indoor, sand arena with seating for 3,200 equestrian spectators or 5,200 for a concert, judges and commentators rooms and PA system
In 1903, the third incarnation of Exposition Park was the first National League ballpark to host a World Series game.
The stadium will have a capacity of 40,000 people.
The ground is mainly used for organizing matches of football, cricket and other sports.
The first time was at the 1978–79 season, with Chuck Goggin as coach.
Songdo LNG Baseball Stadium is a baseball stadium in Incheon, South Korea.
Butler Chapel was completed in September 2009 following the original plans.
The gridiron within the stadium was named Frank Kush Field in honor of the former coach of the ASU football team in 1996.
The first baseball game was played in December.
After Metalist Kharkiv financially collapsed in May 2016 professional football temporary disappeared from the stadium.
John Fallon Field is located east of "The Bubble" and the Physical Education building.
Jalan Besar Stadium is an 8,000-capacity football stadium located along Jalan Besar, in Kallang, Singapore.
The construction of the first and the second phase has been completed.
The venue actually host matches of Volleyball, Futsal, etc.
In the final match, the home team Algeria defeated Nigeria 1-0 to win the tournament.
It was on a small city block bounded by N. Broad St., W. Huntingdon St., N. 15th St. and W. Lehigh Avenue.
The stadium is named after Pedro Escartín.
The new stadium has been designed by Populous, which also designed derby rival Arsenal's home, the Emirates Stadium.
The first World Cup qualifier match held at the sporting venue was held on 11 June 2015.
Estadio Luis Tróccoli is a multi-use stadium in Montevideo, Uruguay.
Wilderspool Stadium was a rugby league stadium in Warrington, England.
Winter Sports Complex is a multi-use indoor arena in Ashgabat, Turkmenistan.
The Lijiang Sports Development Centre Stadium, or simply Lijiang Stadium, is a sports venue in Lijiang, Yunnan, PR China.
The Palais des Sports was built in 1960 to replace the old Vel’ d’Hiv.
The first regular season game at the park was held on April 14, 2017, against the San Diego Padres.
The main entrance was in the left field corner at Jefferson Avenue to the east and Best Street to the south.
It uses a synthetic turf with sophisticated sprinkler system for watering and drainage and has galleries with RC flat slabs and unique suspended steel roof structure.
It is named after longtime head coach Rod Dedeaux, who led the Trojans from 1942 until his retirement at age 72 in June 1986.
Henry Aaron Field is a baseball stadium located in Lincoln Park, a park in the Milwaukee County Park system, in Glendale, Wisconsin.
The Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum is an American sports stadium located in the Exposition Park neighborhood of Los Angeles, California.
The Armory shares a 10,000 car parking lot with the adjacent Robert F. Kennedy Memorial Stadium.
It is home to the Michigan Tech Huskies men's ice hockey team.
Constructed in 1914, it was the home stadium of the Navy Midshipmen from 1924 through 1958, and was named after alumnus Robert Means Thompson.
Center and continued use of Freedom Hall as a venue for concerts and smaller sporting events.
A Sainsbury's supermarket now occupies the site.
The basketball team's final season playing in the coliseum was 1970-71.
Shea Stadium ) was a stadium in Flushing Meadows–Corona Park, Queens, New York City.
It opened on December 19, 1981 and holds 6,946 people.
The stadium has a capacity of 5,964 seats and was opened in 1990.
Houseman Field is an 8,000-seat multipurpose stadium located in Grand Rapids, Michigan.
Three of them used for match days and the other three for training purposes.
The stadium has a capacity of about 3,000.
The Vet also hosted the annual Army-Navy football game seventeen times, between 1980 and 2001.
The New York Cosmos Stadium was a proposed 25,000-seat soccer-specific stadium and multipurpose facility.
The New York Stadium, known as the AESSEAL New York Stadium for sponsorship purposes, is a football stadium in Rotherham, South Yorkshire, England.
In addition to hosting the Wright State Raiders basketball team, the Nutter Center serves as a music venue for touring concerts and shows.
The largest crowd to attend an event at the arena was 22,612, which happened twice during the 2007 Missouri Valley Conference Tournament, known as "Arch Madness".
Pavilhão do Tafe is an indoor sporting arena located in Cabinda, Angola.
There is a resident fee and a non-resident fee.
There is no accommodation at either end.
The Stadium is also supported by British Prime Minister David Cameron, Andrew Mitchell, Jonathan Agnew, Heather Knight, Peter Gummer, Baron Chadlington
Stade André Moga is a sports stadium in Bègles, France.
Stadium Renovation process had already started on September 27th in 2016 at Sittwe, Capital of Rakhine State, Myanmar.
It can also be used for concerts, with Elton John playing to 15,000 in a first for the venue.
Seating capacity gradually increased over the years and reached a total of 91,470 possible spectators in 1991.
Renovation of Rec Hall's south wing was completed in 2006, including expansion of the student fitness center.
Lancelot Earl owned and lived on the Earl Park estate until his death in 1938.
The Pictou County YMCA calls the Pictou County Wellness Centre home as they are the owners of the pool, gymnasium and, fitness centre.
Augsburg was one of the official host cities of the 2010 FIFA U-20 Women's World Cup and the subsequent 2011 FIFA Women's World Cup.
It is the home of the Utah Utes of the Pac-12 Conference, the primary venue for basketball and gymnastics.
Travelers using regional rail may transfer from Metrolink or Amtrak at SARTC to OCTA Route 462 to Santa Ana Blvd and Flower Street.
The expansion is set to be completed by September 2013.
It is primarily used for ice hockey, and is the home to the Lausitzer Füchse of the 2nd Bundesliga.
It is the home of several minor clubs including Baxada and Desportivo de Cova Figueira.
The Center will blend seamlessly with Boone Pickens Stadium, Gallagher-Iba Arena, and the rest of the OSU campus with its modified Georgian architecture.
The elevation of the natural grass playing field is just under 1,050 feet above sea level, and it is aligned north-northeast.
Gressbanen is a stadium located at Holmen in Oslo, Norway.
The Velodrome Amsterdam, is one of only three covered Velodromes in the Netherlands, and played host to the annual Zesdaagse van Amsterdam
It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home ground of JSM Béjaïa and MO Béjaïa.
Sint Maarten is not a member of FIFA, and is therefore not eligible to enter the World Cup.
The Ilut Stadium is a football stadium in Ilut, located near Nazareth in northern Israel.
It is the home of Wrexham AFC.
The capacity of the stadium was 35,239 spectators.
It has a capacity of 20,000 spectators.
It has sold out crowds for both of the games with SC Braga, Benfica, FC Porto and Sporting CP.
Turners Cross is an all-seater football stadium located in and synonymous with the district of Turners Cross in Cork, Ireland.
It is situated in Guru Gobind Singh Sports College, Lucknow's campus.
Cisco Field was a proposed ballpark first to have been built in Fremont, California then later San Jose, California.
Many teammates contributed to name the Indiana dugout after longtime baseball coach Ernie Andres.
The stadium was officially dedicated on September 16, 1972 as Nicholls State defeated Ouachita Baptist 12-7.
It was named after former Fordham baseball coach and longtime athletic director, Jack Coffey, in 1954, four years before his 1958 retirement.
The stadium has been used to host Sarawak FA home matches.
He was assisted by the venue's track designer Ron Webb in bringing out international competitors.
It is named for beverage brand Minute Maid, a subsidiary of The Coca-Cola Company, which acquired naming rights in 2002 for $100 million over 30 years.
It is the home of Sporting Charleroi.
It was rededicated as Denny Field on October 9, 1920, prior to the third game of the 1920 season against Birmingham–Southern.
The condition of the facility worsened in the 1960s and 1970s, prompting its closing for renovation from 1974 to 1975.
It is currently used mostly for celebrations and football matches.
It was mostly used for football and athletics and was used as the main stadium for the 1926 Central American and Caribbean Games.
The stadium is best reached by taking Guangzhou Metro Line 2 to Sun Yat-Sen Memorial Hall Station.
The stadium will host football matches along with EMS Stadium.
It is currently used mostly for football matches and athletic events.
The current concrete and steel main grandstand was erected in 1922.
Yale did not have a suitable on-campus venue in 1920 and played home games in Philadelphia.
Their first game in Giants Stadium was on September 6, 1984.
It was also used by Spartak Plovdiv for several games during the 1995–96 season.
Since the completion of the redevelopment in 2017 the capacity of the venue is 45,000, making it the fourth-largest Gaelic games stadium in Ireland.
The Thalhimer Tennis Center is the intercollegiate tennis facility at Virginia Commonwealth University in Richmond, Virginia.
The venue featured 20,500 roofed bucket seats—with the remaining 7,000 being benches—12 luxury suites, a press room, flood lighting and a FieldTurf artificial turf.
Two matches of the group stage will be played in this stadium.
As of 2017, the DAP still stands north of the downtown area of Durham, on the block bounded by Washington, Corporation, Foster and Geer Streets.
The stadium was initially built in the 1970s for the Angstrem company, handed over to the club in 2006 and reconstructed in 2007.
Neyland Stadium is a sports stadium in Knoxville, Tennessee, United States.
Major music acts such as Jack Johnson, Willie Nelson, Bob Dylan, and B52s have all played at Campanelli.
Although the ground has received little investment since Euro 1996, it is still regarded as "a beautiful ground oozing character."
It originally had a seating capacity of 4,700 people for basketball games.
It formerly had a seating capacity of 1,500 in temporary bleachers.
It also hosted friendly matches featuring Manchester United, Liverpool and the Republic of Ireland national football team.
McAlister Field House is a 6,000-seat multi-purpose arena on the campus of The Citadel, The Military College of South Carolina in Charleston, South Carolina, United States.
Rothrock Stadium is a stadium in Jackson, Tennessee.
It is home to the Stuttgarter Kickers, as of 2013 playing in the 3.
It is a 3,200-seat arena located on the campus of the University of North Carolina at Asheville in Asheville, North Carolina.
The complex is located adjacent to Mercer's other athletic facilities including Hawkins Arena, Claude Smith Field, and Sikes Field.
Baggett Stadium is a baseball venue located on the campus of California Polytechnic State University in San Luis Obispo, California, United States.
Stadion an der Bremer Brücke is a football stadium in Osnabrück, Germany.
Union Stadium is a municipal multi-sports facility situated in Westbury, Johannesburg, South Africa.
It was formerly known as Hiroshima Park Main Stadium.
Centennial Ice Arena is a 550-seat ice arena in Billings, Montana, USA.
The scoreboard includes a 15 3⁄4-foot-tall, 21-foot-wide high-definition video screen.
Envigado Fútbol Club play their home matches at this stadium.
It is not to be confused with the Birchfield Ladbroke Stadium that is also known as the old Perry Barr Stadium which closed in 1984.
The record of 2,914 fans was set on March 23, 1997 in a game against USC.
Great Bend High School Memorial Stadium is a sport stadium in Great Bend, Kansas.
The stadium, while officially holding 10,000, seats only 3,000 under the grandstand, the Gino Merlo Stand.
The Dallas Cowboys used Burnett Field as their primary practice facility when the team was founded in 1960.
Eugene Stone III Soccer Stadium is a soccer-specific stadium in Greenville, South Carolina on the campus of Furman University.
It is currently used mostly for football matches.
It was completed in 1968, on the site of the Pacific National Exhibition.
It is used mostly for football and athletics.
The stadium hosted games for the 2007 FIFA Women's World Cup and Football preliminaries at the 2008 Summer Olympics.
The opening game of the 2013 International Rules Series took place in Breffni Park in October.
Lighting was added in 1974, partially due to the Detroit Wheels of the World Football League using the stadium as their home field.
If areas designated for wheel chairs are included, the arena can seat 6,290, plus standing room, during hockey games.
This allowed a new state-of-the-art, laser leveled grass playing surface to be installed at the field.
Among other structures that he has designed is the Federal Reserve Bank of Los Angeles.
In the summer of 2006, professional quality lights were installed at Goldsberry Track.
The national team has never been defeated at Kantrida.
McCulloch Park is the largest community park located in Muncie, Indiana.
It is the home field for the Lehigh Valley IronPigs, the Triple-A level minor league baseball affiliate of the Philadelphia Phillies.
Estadio El Cobre is a multi-use stadium in El Salvador, Chile.
Contrary to popular belief, it was not the original home of the current NFL franchise of the same name.
The ground reopened on 22 January 2012 when Gimnástica played CD Guijuelo.
The Stadio Carlo Castellani is a multi-purpose stadium in Empoli, Italy.
However, the park straddles the Virginia–West Virginia state line, and Bowen Field lies completely on the Virginia side of the park.
The Alex G. Spanos Center opened on September 9, 1981, and was constructed for over $7 million.
It replaced the much larger Incheon Munhak Stadium.
Palacio de los Deportes is an indoor arena located in Mexico City, Mexico.
Estadio Nelson Barrera is a stadium in Campeche, Mexico.
Founders Park, formerly known as Carolina Stadium, is a stadium in Columbia, South Carolina on the banks of the Congaree River.
The area was swampland before becoming Launceston's showgrounds in 1873.
The original stadium was built in 1927.
Banca Marche Palace is an indoor sports arena, located in Ancona, Italy.
It is the home field of the Salem-Keizer Volcanoes, a Class A affiliate of the San Francisco Giants in the short-season Northwest League.
The stadium was completed in time for Orlando City's first home game of the 2017 season on March 5.
It is the home of the Oklahoma City Dodgers, the Triple-A affiliate of the Los Angeles Dodgers Major League Baseball team.
It was the first big event to take place in the hall.
Oestrike Stadium is a stadium in Ypsilanti, Michigan at Eastern Michigan University.
It is located on the waters of the Marina Reservoir, in Marina Bay, Singapore.
The Haapsalu City Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium in Haapsalu, Estonia.
German and European papers were positive on these developments and even called the stadium the German Highbury, as an example to Arsenal’s former stadium.
The venue hosted the Royal Antwerp FC from 1908 to 1923.
July 5, 1962 Stadium,, also known as El Djezair Stadium, is a football and athletics stadium located in Algiers, Algeria.
Barre Auditorium is a 1,856-seat multi-purpose arena in Barre, Vermont.
It is named for Bryant alumnus Bill Conaty.
It has a capacity of 15,294 for hockey and 16,345 for concerts.
The capacity of the stadium was 120,000 spectators.
The Jake Nevin Field House is an arena located at Villanova University in Villanova, Pennsylvania.
The facility is home to the Toledo Mud Hens, an International League team and the Triple-A affiliate of the Detroit Tigers.
The ground features a small old grandstand of approximately 1−2000 capacity, with an encircling grassy hill.
Since summer 2010, Marcel-Picot is one of the very few French stadiums equipped with artificial turf.
Features of Page include a "Blue Monster" in left field, training areas, and reception facilities.
The stadium is currently used mostly for football matches.
It has a capacity for 10,256 spectators.
The Gator Bowl was an American football stadium in Jacksonville, Florida.
It is the home stadium of Associação Sportiva Sociedade Unida.
Guy's Meadow is a football stadium located in Cumbernauld Village.
It was adapted for baseball in the 1950s and was rebuilt as a proper baseball facility in 1999.
This 25,000 square feet fitness facility sits behind the scoreboard in the Northeastern Corner of Aggie Stadium.
Holloway Field is home to the Windsor Royals baseball club in Newmarket, Queensland, Australia.
It was also the home of Aigles Junior de Trois-Rivières of the Ligue de Baseball Junior Élite du Québec.
In December 2009 the stadium's cement canopy was partially torn away by heavy winds in El Paso.
In its place, existing public parking lots in the area were expanded over the entire site.
It is often called New Veterans Memorial Stadium to distinguish it from the original Veterans Memorial Stadium, which existed from 1949 to 2001.
The Dolen Omurzakov Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium in Bishkek, Kyrgyzstan.
The Estadio Osvaldo Roberto is a football stadium located in Montevideo, Uruguay, in the Sayago neighborhood at the intersection of Ave. Sayago and Ave. Millan streets.
The stadium also hosted three matches of Poland national football team.
The Canberra Raiders final premiership game at Seiffert Oval was on 20 August 1989.
It was constructed for the 2013 Mediterranean Games.
The last match played at this ground was the KS Subbiah Pillai Trophy between Tamil Nadu and Hyderabad during the 1989–90 season.
It has a seating capacity of 11,200 spectators for basketball games.
In 2007, the Prudential Center opened in nearby Newark and the New Jersey Devils, for whom the arena was built, moved out.
Likewise, the new project encompasses much more than just the building.
Built in 2011, the facility has a capacity of 500 spectators.
The fourth team playing at the stadium, women's soccer, participated in the 2001, 2013, and 2014 NCAA Final Fours.
Semi-pro baseball had been played at the first Eclipse Park as early as 1874.
The project was approved by the Tampere City Council on May 19, 2010.
When minor league baseball returned in 1978 with the Timber Hawks, Genna was an honorary first base coach in their debut game.
The capacity of the arena is 1,850 people.
The arena is also home to several local high school ice hockey teams, and is used by local figure skating clubs, youth, and adult rec.
On 14 May 1922 it hosted the 1922 Copa del Rey Final between FC Barcelona and Real Unión when FC Barcelona easily won with 5-1.
Manning Field at John L. Guidry Stadium is a 10,500-seat multi-purpose stadium in Thibodaux, Louisiana.
McGee Field is the oldest stadium in the South still in use.
Originally named for longtime UNC coaches Pete Butler and John W. Hancock, Butler-Hancock Hall opened its doors February 4, 1975.
The new stadium will be built at 4.5 hectares area in Pesanggrahan with Rp 580 billion fund.
The arena has a capacity of 19,393 spectators when configured for basketball.
It is primarily used for ice hockey and is the home arena of Eisadler Dortmund, and of the figure skating club ERC Westfalen.
Currently and historically it is the primary arena for Kremin Kremenchuk.
The building is attached the FSU Sports Complex, which also includes Wink Arena, a volleyball court, a studio ice rink, offices, concessions and meeting space.
The facility is the home field of the University of South Alabama Jaguars women's soccer team.
The Grounds currently consists of four stands, one covered with seating and the other three open terraces.
It is the host of the annual ATP Challenger Tour stop, the Poznań Open.
Community Choice Credit Union Convention Center is a convention center located in Des Moines, Iowa, that is part of the Iowa Events Center.
It is home to the Rochester Rhinos of the United Soccer League and the Rochester Rattlers of Major League Lacrosse.
It is the temporary home stadium of the FO ŽP Šport Podbrezová football team playing in the Slovak Fortuna Liga.
It was home to the Amarillo Dillas of United League Baseball until 2010.
It is commonly known as the "House of Pain".
The stadium is part of a bigger complex that also includes a swimming pool, athletic hall, and an area for summer cinema theater.
McGonigle Hall was named for Arthur T. McGonigle, a Temple University benefactor, trustee and pretzel magnate from Reading.
Opened in 2006 as part of the Heartland Events Center at Fonner Park, it hosts local sporting events and concerts.
The venue also holds the world record for the twelve-hour continuous relay race.
The arena is named in honour of Jacques Plante; formerly, the building was known as the Shawinigan Municipal Auditorium.
The 60 hectare facility will host a stadium, an indoor arena, an aquatics center and a commercial hub.
Aughrim County Ground, known for sponsorship reasons as Joule Park Aughrim, is a GAA stadium in Aughrim, County Wicklow, Ireland.
It is also the first ballpark to ever receive the annual Digital Ballparks.com Ballpark Of The Year Award, which it was awarded in 2002.
Built in 1922, it is located at 1125 North Florida Avenue.
The Sun Bowl is an outdoor football stadium, on the campus of the University of Texas at El Paso.
For this reason, Unirea had to play their home matches in the 2009–2010 edition on the Steaua Stadium.
Before the 2012 season, 2,500 seats were added to the east side of the stadium as well as a new state-of-the-art video board.
Nairn County Football Club is a Scottish senior football club based in the town of Nairn, Highland.
The arena had in use its full seating capacity of 15,000 spectators for basketball, and 13,500 for handball during the 2004 Summer Olympic Games.
MacArthur Stadium was a stadium in Syracuse, New York.
It was used for the 1995 Copa América and the 1999 South American Under-17 Football Championship.
The community of Chafford Hundred has grown to the east of the centre since its opening.
Situated near the city's northern entrance, the facility opened in February 1988 with a seating capacity of around 7,800.
The stadium was officially opened on 31 July 1998 with a match between FC Vaduz, the Liechtenstein Cup holders at the time, and 1.
EverBank Field is an American football stadium in Downtown Jacksonville, Florida, and the home stadium facility of the Jacksonville Jaguars of the National Football League.
It was demolished in 2008 to make way for the Dongdaemun Design Plaza & Park.
Karagandy-Arena is an ice hockey indoor arena in Karagandy, Kazakhstan.
Its address is 600 rue du Parc.
It is mainly used for rugby games.
It is the home stadium of Al Ain FC of the UAE Pro-League.
Total cost for the project is estimated at $5.1 million.
Featuring the world's largest reinforced thinshell concrete dome, Scope won the Virginia Society of the American Institute of Architects Test of Time award in 2003.
It was opened on April 18, 1994, and has 6,200 fixed seats and a grass berm in left field that can seat about 3,000.
The field house features a 200-meter unbanked track, elevated jump runways, a variety of throwing areas and multiple high jump and vaulting areas.
By combining Floyd Bennett Field’s original hangars they created one of the largest sports complexes in the country.
This was expanded to 2,000 people in 2010.
It is situated adjacent to the River Plym near Marsh Mills.
Marie Greyhounds of the Ontario Hockey League.
The stadium has a capacity of 22,067 and is part of the Suwon Sports Complex.
It was the home of the CBA Mexico City Aztecas in 1994 and 1995, and the Mexico Toros of the CISL in 1995.
Bowling Green Ballpark is a 4,559-seat stadium in Downtown Bowling Green, Kentucky.
The majority of the general public arena seating is of the chair-back variety.
It has a capacity of 4,850 with 2,265 seats.
Conneff Park is a GAA stadium in Clane, County Kildare, Ireland.
It was held to mark the centenary of Khasbag wrestling arena.
It opened in 2000, and has a seating capacity of 14,000 spectators.
In 2013, the stadium was renovated for hosting the 2015 Copa América, to be played in Chile.
The Oude Stadion, officially known as Het Nederlandsch Sportpark, and colloquially known as the Stadion, was a multi-purpose sports stadium located in Amsterdam in the Netherlands.
It is primarily used for American football, and is the home field of the Eastern Michigan University Eagles.
Construction began in 2000 at a cost of approximately $22 million.
The Botchan Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium in Matsuyama Central Park, Matsuyama, Japan.
It is being used by the football team Trapani Calcio and was built by the Province of Trapani in the 1960.
Rugby league: Rockingham Coastal Sharks Rugby League Football Club
Cavan is often referred to as the Breffni County.
The venue which currently seats 2,000 and includes an athletics and cycle track, will be replaced by the new 10,000 seat football stadium.
The ground was established in 1997 when a match of Vijay Merchant Trophy was played between Sikkim Under-16s and Bihar Under-16s.
It also houses the Rolfs Aquatic Center in the rear of the building.
Hohokam Stadium, also known as Dwight W. Patterson Field and formerly Hohokam Park, is a 10,500-seat baseball park located in Mesa, Arizona.
It was named after American ice hockey player Clarence "Taffy" Abel, who was born in Sault Ste.
The 5000 seat all weather sports stadium features an 8 lane 800 metres track for track and natural grass field for soccer or rugby events.
The stadium is designed in a neomodern form of baseball architecture.
Orfeo was one of the venues for the 2002 FIVB Volleyball Men's World Championship and hosted the final round of the 2010 FIVB Volleyball World League.
The Baluan Sholak Sports Palace is a Palace of Sports in Almaty, the former capital of Kazakhstan.
It is mainly used mostly for football matches and hosts the home matches of U.S. Latina Calcio of the Serie B.
It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home ground of Slovan Bratislava since 2009.
Overall, the arena has hosted more men's NCAA Division I basketball tournament games than any other venue.
It has also been the venue for concerts by major performers, including Frank Sinatra.
The City was named after Abdullah, King of Saudi Arabia when the stadium opened.
General James White Memorial Civic Auditorium and Coliseum is a multi-purpose events facility in Knoxville, Tennessee, owned and operated by the Knoxville city government.
The Bulldogs played their first SANFL league match at the ground in 1964 after playing in the SANFL B-grade since the club's inception in 1959.
Kalinga Stadium serves as the home ground for Hockey India League franchise, Kalinga Lancers and I-League 2nd Division franchise, Samaleswari Sporting Club.
The area on which the ground is situated has been used for sport since the early 20th century, but was only enclosed in 1929.
University of Botswana Stadium is a multi-use stadium in Gaborone, Botswana.
In 2015 the Show Me Center underwent a $5.62 million upgrade.
These features have led many to consider the stadium as one of the most beautiful ones in Finland.
It also hosted a college football bowl game, the Military Bowl, before its move in 2013 to Navy–Marine Corps Memorial Stadium in Annapolis, Maryland.
The Bökelbergstadion was a football stadium in Mönchengladbach, Germany.
The James B. Sheffield Olympic Skating Rink is an artificial ice track for speedskating in Lake Placid, New York, United States.
Zsolt Azari is the chairman of the DAB-Docler ice hockey team.
UMT Stadium is a football stadium in Ubon Ratchathani, Thailand.
It has a maximum capacity of 8,000 people and is optimized for large-scale meetings, sport events, trade shows and concerts.
play their home matches and it is also used by the Walton Athletic Club.
It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home ground of Liverpool BTX.
McPherson Stadium is a sport stadium in McPherson, Kansas.
It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home stadium of Sportfreunde Siegen.
Dwyer opened in 1996 replacing the original stadium that was built in 1937, the playing field at Dwyer is the original.
It is home to the High Point Panthers baseball team of the NCAA Division I Big South Conference.
It holds 30,500 spectators and replaced the former stadium of the same name, built in 1932.
The venue is owned by Venues NSW and operated by AEG Ogden.
Williams Fieldhouse is a 2,300-seat multi-purpose arena in Platteville, Wisconsin.
The complex also includes 12 lighted outdoor courts with a grandstand.
The Nanjing Olympic Sports Centre is used mostly for assocation football and also for athletics.
Osaka City Ground was an athletic stadium in Osaka, Osaka, Japan.
The Stadio Comunale Stefano Lotti is a football stadium in Poggibonsi, Italy.
Ray E. Didier Field is a baseball venue in Thibodaux, Louisiana, United States.
This was the beginning of his emerging career.
It was built in 1993 and was named for American Legion Memorial Post 325, which serves the city's northern half.
The Springfield College men's and women's soccer teams formerly played on the field.
Before its use for athletics, the field was a marching ground.
It has hosted international soccer matches in the 1994 World Cup, 1996 Summer Olympics, and 2003 Women's World Cup.
An artificial pitch was installed at the stadium in August 2010.
On May 5, 2007, the stadium hosted Brown's first ever Ivy League Baseball Championship, a 1-0, 20-6 doubleheader win over Penn.
It takes about two hours to adjust the ice when switching from figure skating to short track or vice versa.
Next to the stadium is Munsu Park with a lake, a fountain and bicycle courses, lakeside square.
They were eliminated in the first round of the playoffs by the Front Royal Cardinals.
The facility opened in October 2007 and is named for Pete Hanna, the owner, president and chief executive officer of Hanna Steel Corporation.
Estadio Municipal de Calama was a multi-use stadium in Calama, Chile.
The hall is located in Lanyon Place, the flagship development of the Laganside Corporation.
Pori Stadium is located at Isomäki sports center some two kilometres south of the city.
Demolition of Robertson Stadium began on December 3, 2012, and the official groundbreaking for the new stadium was celebrated on February 8, 2013.
Dr. Hyde Park is a GAA stadium in Roscommon, Ireland.
It is currently used for football matches and is the home stadium of CD Lugo.
After a groundbreaking ceremony with officials of Waterford Township, the area still sits as a vacant parking lot to the adjoining and vacant Summit Place Mall.
Gifford played baseball at UCLA and graduated from the Engineering School with a BSEE degree.
Soldier Field is an American football stadium located in the Near South Side of Chicago, Illinois.
The stadium is home to the Swindon Robins, who compete in the Elite League.
Dallow Lane was a football ground in Luton, England.
It was finished in 1974 and officially inaugurated with the fight between George Foreman and Ken Norton on March 26, 1974.
It is used today by Blackheath Sports Club for cricket, rugby, tennis and squash.
It was the scene of many great games, including the Challenge Cup finals of 1908 and 1910, several Challenge Cup semi finals and international matches.
The sports area Na Chvalech contains also volleyball field, tennis courts, offices, restaurants, hotel, stores, laundry etc.
It was opened on 20 November 2011.
The stadium has a maximum capacity of 14,000 people.
It is a geodesic dome constructed with 781 Douglas Fir beams and 108.5 miles of fir decking.
The Xewkija side is the enclosure area and in the middle, where one can find the VIP area.
The charity is run by a team of cricket enthusiasts from the UK Christopher Shale and Rwanda in partnership with the Marylebone Cricket Club Foundation.
The grounds are named after benefactor Florence Boot who was the Jersey-born wife of Jesse Boot, 1st Baron Trent.
Giuleşti-Valentin Stănescu Stadium is a football stadium in Bucharest, Romania and is the home stadium of Rapid Bucureşti.
It was used to host matches during the 2014 FIFA U-17 Women's World Cup, including the opening game, the third place match and the Final.
The first Midway Stadium was the home of the St. Paul Saints of the American Association from 1957–1960.
In November 1909, the owner of the Eastern Canada Hockey Association Wanderers club announced he would move the team to the Jubilee, which he also owned.
Prior to its 1930s remodeling, the area was known as Kavanaugh Field and was the home field of the Little Rock Travelers baseball team.
League Division 2, with 42,223 fans attending.
It has been used by the NEAFL's Southport Australian Football Club team as their home game base.
The ground was named after then Sharks vice president Wally Fankhauser who donated $2.2 million towards the new headquarters.
As a result of Swansea City's promotion, the stadium became the first Premier League ground in Wales.
It is owned by the Gijón City Hall.
In 1981, the ground became the first stadium in British professional football to have an artificial pitch of Omniturf installed, which remained until 1988.
It opened in 1973 and holds 2,750 spectators.
The facility has nine Olympic-size irrigated Bermuda grass fields and one Olympic-size AstroPlay turf field.
The seating capacity of the arena is for 5,000 people.
During World War II, professional baseball teams conducted spring training in the north.
The ground is mainly used for organizing matches of football, cricket and other sports.
Wuhan Gymnasium is an indoor sporting arena in Wuhan, China.
Kidd Brewer stands 3,280 feet above sea level.
Its first football game took place on October 7, 1893, a 6-0 Mines victory over the University of Denver.
Home team Adelaide United regularly fill this capacity, and averaged crowds of over 12,000 to its matches during the 2006-07 Season and 2007-08 Season.
Sydney Showground Stadium is a sports and events stadium located at the Sydney Showground in Sydney Olympic Park.
The entry level includes the main basketball court, a stage for performances and seating.
The stadium holds 10,000 people and opened in 1927.
On Tuesday, 9 May 2006 the Alfredo di Stéfano Stadium was inaugurated at the City of Madrid where Real Madrid usually trains.
Smith Arena and has a capacity of approximately 300.
In 1994, University Arena went through a major renovation, adding 20,900 square feet to bring the total to 114,900 square feet.
Lori Stadium was home to FC Lori and FC Vanadzor.
The Founders Cup Finals is held annually to crown the league playoff champion in the Pro and Minor divisions at the end of each season.
its main venue, the complex has since expanded and now consists of multiple stadia and sporting facilities.
It has a seating capacity of 12,373.
It is built around five major sports venues and features a number of sports academies.
It is currently used mostly for football matches.
Named for trustee Dusty Rhodes, his wife, Peggy, and their family, the stadium opened in 2001 and is home to the Elon University Phoenix football team.
At the Stadium Business Awards 2010, the stadium received the award for Best Matchday Experience.
SEFCU Arena also can be formatted as a concert venue or to accommodate trade shows and conventions.
Estadio Nacional 12 de Julho is a multi-use stadium in São Tomé, São Tomé and Príncipe and is located on Avenida das Nações Unidas.
It is the home field of the Cal State Bakersfield Roadrunners baseball team.
The stadium is able to hold 7,000 people and was opened in 1955.
Emirates Airlines was later announced as the main sponsor for the stadium.
It has three linked indoor stadiums, with movable tiered seating.
Located next to Heroes Stadium, and adjacent to the STAR Soccer Complex and Morgan's Wonderland, the facility opened on April 13, 2013.
The complex also houses a multipurpose indoor stadium with a seating capacity of 8,000 which hosts volleyball, basketball, table tennis games.
Bill Godfrey Oval is a sports venue in Burleigh Waters, Queensland, a suburb in the Gold Coast, Australia.
It was opened on April 3, 1993, with the nickname The Epicenter, and has a seating capacity of 6,588 people.
It is situated in the Parque Batlle near Estadio Centenario.
Rodney Parade is a stadium in the city of Newport, South Wales owned and operated by the Welsh Rugby Union.
The UCF Soccer and Track Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium located on the main campus of the University of Central Florida in Orlando, Florida, USA.
Texas Stadium was an American football stadium located in Irving, Texas, a suburb west of Dallas.
This stadium is located in the V Dock area near the centre of Jayapura along the beautiful Humboldt Bay.
It also hosted the 2002 Ford World Men's Curling Championship.
Eisstadion Weißwasser, is an arena in Weißwasser, Germany.
Well and honor him, the main stadium of the city of Larbaâ bore his name since independence of Algeria.
The stadium can seat up to 22,000 people.
In preparation for the event, the board of Bregalnica is fixing up the stadium by painting the fence, renovating the press box, locker rooms and bathrooms.
Although the record for the stadium is 20,000 people in 1958, today the stadium holds 7,000 people.
Palisades Credit Union Park, formerly Provident Bank Park is a stadium in Pomona, New York.
The 'centre court', which is used by both professional sports club has a capacity of 1,200 people.
Junction Oval is an historic sports ground in the suburb of St Kilda in Melbourne, Victoria, Australia.
Plaza de Toros de Jaén is a bullring in Jaén, Spain.
It was opened on 23 November 1969.
It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home ground of Bubchu United.
The stadium was designed with a capacity of 20,891 spectators.
It was the home ground of Clackmannan F.C.
It's the site of professional football teams, Monarcas Morelia in the top division of Mexican football and Monarcas Primera A in the league under that.
It hosts the matches of CA Saint-Étienne of the Rugby Pro D2.
It was completed in 1998, at a cost of US$185 million, almost entirely publicly financed, and features 70 suites and 2,623 club seats.
The ground has hosted international fixtures and music concerts.
The stadium, which is owned by the Guangzhou Sports Bureau, opened in 1950 with a capacity of 35,000 people.
The Antwerps Sportpaleis, also called Sportpaleis Antwerpen, Sportpaleis Merksem or simply the Sportpaleis, is an arena in Antwerp, Belgium.
Aluminij Sports Park is a multi-purpose stadium in Kidričevo, Slovenia.
The most recent plans from the Kentucky State Fair Board seek to demolish this facility to build an outdoor amphitheater with permanent seating for 12,000.
The architect of the stadium was Roger Taillibert.
There have been eight no-hitters pitched at the stadium, all completed by Monarch pitchers.
The arena officially changed its name to AT&T Center in January 2006.
The original Stade Louis II was opened in 1939 as the home of AS Monaco.
Consisting of a curling rink and a skating rink, it was one of the first indoor rinks in Canada.
The facility was built around an older hockey facility, the historic Father Bauer Arena, which opened in October 1963.
Since April 2011, the Hall home ground of women's volleyball national league Smart Alliance Stuttgart.
A field mill is a specialized instrument used for measuring the strength of electrical fields in the atmosphere near thunderstorm clouds.
It currently hosts local sporting events and concerts and held the basketball games during the 2003 Pan American Games.
It hosts almost 300 events each year, with the largest being the Royal Queensland Show.
Pete Beiden Field, formerly Varsity Park, is a baseball stadium on the campus of the California State University, Fresno in Fresno, California, United States.
The stadium is named after Evandro Almeida, who was a Remo's football player and employee.
Wildcat Stadium is a 5,000-seat multi-purpose stadium opened in 1981 in Destrehan, Louisiana.
It served as a venue in the many international competitions as 2013 FIFA Confederations Cup and the 2014 FIFA World Cup.
The Lamar Softball Complex, built in 2014-15 on the campus of Lamar University, is the home stadium for the Division I Lamar Lady Cardinals softball team.
The main stadium is used for football, reaching a full capacity of 62,241 spectators.
Doğan Seyfi Atlı Stadium is a soccer-specific stadium in Denizli, Turkey.
Moreover, Stadium Arena is the national stadium of Swedish basketball.
It is the official stadium for Malaysian Super League's club Kedah FA.
The first football game at Moye Complex was on August 31, 2013; Mercer defeated Reinhardt University in front of an overflow crowd of 12,172 spectators.
The facility is located on the banks of the Chena River near Growden Memorial Park.
It is the home field of the Boise State Broncos of the Mountain West Conference.
Estadio de Beisbol Veinte de Noviembre is a stadium in San Luis Potosí, San Luis Potosí, Mexico.
Plaza de toros de Zaragoza is a bullring in Zaragoza, Spain.
The field has served as home of the Mountaineers since 2003.
The infield converts to a FIFA regulation sized quality turf pitch for soccer and other turf related sports.
On June 28, 1950, Hideo Fujimoto pitched a perfect game at the stadium.
It will be the venue for the 2015 All-Africa Games.
The Stelios Kyriakides Stadium is a multi-use stadium in Paphos, the stadium holds 9,394 people.
During the games the venue was known as the CIBC Pan Am and Parapan Am Athletics Stadium.
It is located 3 kilometers from the city center and is located just east of the older Peter Mokaba Stadium.
It is the home ground of Premier League club Burnley Football Club, who have played there since moving from its Calder Vale ground in 1883.
It is currently used mostly for baseball matches.
The Aud was renovated in 1970 and 1990, and it closed in 1996 after the Sabres', Bandits', and Blizzard's seasons ended.
This ground hosted 65 First-class cricket matches and 29 List A cricket matches from 2005 to 2012.
In 1995, it was made obsolete for professional use by the opening of Jerry Uht Park.
His assistant Gary Henderson was then given the head coaching job.
It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home ground of Calaska F.C.
It is home to the Arizona State Sun Devils football team of the Pac-12 Conference.
Kawasaki Stadium was a stadium in Kawasaki, Kanagawa, Japan.
Municipal Auditorium is a multi-purpose facility located in Kansas City, Missouri.
The stadium seats 1,054 in the grandstand, and an additional 1,200 on aluminum bleachers.
Arena Lviv is a football stadium in Lviv, Ukraine.
Army and Air Force ROTC programs are also housed here.
Stadio degli Oliveti is a multi-use stadium in Massa, Italy.
Target Center is a multi-purpose arena located in downtown Minneapolis, Minnesota.
In addition to being the home of several Towson sports teams, the arena also serves several other functions.
It was one of the homes of the Vermont Frost Heaves of the Premier Basketball League, along with the Burlington Memorial Auditorium.
Rhénus Sport is a multi-purpose arena located in Strasbourg, France.
The stadium is the 11th largest stadium in the United States and the 18th-largest such stadium in the world.
It boasts an arena bowl with a 5,276 capacity for sports, including 24 individual suites.
Historically, Oriole Park at Camden Yards is one of several venues that have carried the "Oriole Park" name for various Baltimore franchises over the years.
The Estadio Corona is a stadium in Torreón, Coahuila, México, and the home stadium of Santos Laguna of México Primera División
The facility also includes various academic offices, including the Steward Observatory Mirror Lab.
The stadium has been expanded several times and has had numerous renovations over its existence.
Örjans Vall is a football stadium in Halmstad, Sweden, built in 1922.
The Kentucky Trackers of the AFA played at Cardinal Stadium 1979–1980.
The main stand was fully rebuilt in 2002 with better player facilities and corporate boxes.
It is the home ground of Cheltenham Town F.C.
The facility welcomes over 3.8 million visitors annually, making it the most-visited sports facility in the state of Minnesota.
The new stadium was constructed in a public/private partnership with a project budget of $622 million.
The site on which the ground stood is now occupied by a supermarket.
Folsom Field is an outdoor football stadium in the western United States, located on the campus of the University of Colorado in Boulder.
It also serves as a concert venue, with a capacity for around 25,000 spectators.
The Waldstadion Homburg is the home stadium of Oberliga Südwest club FC 08 Homburg.
100 crores to develop 29 acres of land.
Sala Sporturilor Mediaş is an indoor arena in Mediaş, Romania.
It is currently the home stadium of Club de Deportes Antofagasta.
Stadion Poljud is a multi-use stadium in the Croatian city of Split.
Many different celebrities and musicians have performed at the Edmunds Center over the years.
Built in 2010 next to the Natatorio RUM.
At the time the Melbourne Glaciarium was opened, it was the 3rd largest indoor ice rink in the world.
However, on May 11, 2016, the university voided their contract with the Yellow Jackets due to a lack of payment.
In October 2012, the main grandstand was renamed the Steve Fallon Stand, commemorating his achievement in getting the club up to the Conference National.
On the same day another match was organised, with two teams more balanced, Madrid Football Club "A" won, 1–0, against Madrid Football Club "B".
The changing rooms were closed in 2013 for safety reasons.
The Tippeligaen club Vålerenga uses the arena for training and friendly matches in the winter off-season.
CFR Stadium is a multi-use stadium in Timișoara, Romania.
The majority of the stadium was damaged beyond financial repair by King's Park and was demolished.
The Workers' Stadium, often called Gongti or Gong Ti, is a multi-purpose stadium in the Chaoyang District of north-eastern Beijing, China.
Government College Ground Mirpur is a multi-purpose ground in Mirpur Azad Kashmir, Pakistan.
When completed, the stadium had a capacity of 31,600.
The current grandstand was built in 1987 to replace the one built in 1924.
It is a similar floor to ones used in the NBA.
The stadium is within walking distance of White Hart Lane football stadium.
In the three seasons — 1986–87, 1987–88 and 1989–90 — that Homburg were in the Bundesliga the average attendance was less than 8,000 per game.
It serves as the home stadium to Borussia Dortmund II and several athletic clubs.
The lone Bluegrass Bowl was held here in 1958.
In 1987, it was renamed for Carnie Smith who led the school to NAIA National Football Championships in 1957 and 1961.
The stadium has 100 chairback seats that are part of the VIP club, named the Baumholtz club in honor of former Ohio baseball player Frank Baumholtz.
It is the home field of the University of Virginia Cavaliers college baseball team.
Estádio Municipal Maria Tereza Breda is a stadium in Olímpia, Brazil.
It is the home ground for Gungahlin United, Gungahlin Jets, Gungahlin Bulls and Gungahlin Eagles.
The Barradão is owned by Esporte Clube Vitória.
Between August 2010 and May 2011, they played nineteen Premier League games at the ground.
Lockhart Stadium is a stadium used mostly for soccer in Fort Lauderdale, Florida, United States.
The Atlantic City Surf played at the ballpark through 2008.
The land on which the stadium was built was made a public reserve in 1904, with the main ground developed several years later.
Since completion in 2000, the arena has served as the home of the Columbus Blue Jackets of the National Hockey League.
Hampton Convocation Center is a 6,000-seat multi-purpose arena in Hampton, Virginia.
Foxboro Stadium was demolished in 2002 and replaced by Gillette Stadium and the Patriot Place shopping center.
It is currently used mostly for baseball games and is the home stadium of Villa Clara Naranjas.
The statue of Georgian footballer and Telavi native Givi Chokheli stands in front of the stadium.
Jõhvi linnastaadion is a multi-use stadium in Jõhvi, Estonia.
Fiscalini Field is a stadium in San Bernardino, California, USA.
The field was named Brooks Field at the beginning of the 2015 season after the removal of track and lowering of the field level seats.
It is currently used for football matches as home ground of the Corgoň Liga club 1.
Its primary tenant was the Portland Beavers Pacific Coast League team.
UAA officials are considering the future construction of a separate ice hockey arena.
It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home stadium of Mukdahan F.C..
Designed by Saskatchewan architect Joseph Pettick and Vancouver structural engineer J.L.
It currently serves as the home of the BYU Cougar men's ice hockey team, Peaks Youth Hockey Association, and several high school teams.
It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home ground of FC Dynamo Barnaul.
Dismantling took place in November and December 2011 and the site is now used as a community playing field.
The facility is named for former Sacramento State baseball coach John Smith, who coached the program for 32 seasons.
It is home to the Nicholls State Colonels baseball team of the NCAA Division I Southland Conference.
Used mainly for rugby union and cricket, it has been the home ground of Swansea RFC and Swansea Cricket Club since it opened in 1873.
A 3,200-seat permanent bleacher comprises the backdrop for the home side of the field, while 1,200 additional seats are available on the visitor's side.
Moreover, the viewing stand was supposed to be a temporary structure which should ultimately be demolished.
The Dujiangyan Phoenix Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium in Dujiangyan, Sichuan, China.
The arena is the home of the Murray State Racers Basketball teams.
The stadium was torn down in 1985, and an industrial park, named Holleder Technology Park, was built on the site.
During the 2007–08 season the stadium was shared with Gloucester City.
Estádio Municipal Prefeito Dilson Luiz de Melo, usually known as Melão is a Brazilian multi-use stadium in Varginha, Minas Gerais.
The arena officially opened October 23, 1962.
The stadium, located adjacent to Lansdowne Road railway station, officially opened on 14 May 2010.
The stadium has a capacity of 30,000 people.
The field was named for Denis Fletcher, a proponent of rugby in Ontario during the 1950s and 1960s.
Catalans Dragons ran out winners with an 18 - 6 win over Hull FC.
Bear Stadium is a baseball venue in Conway, Arkansas, USA.
The circumference of the track is 437 metres.
In FIFA and UEFA matches, it is known under its original name, Odense Stadium, due to sponsorship restrictions.
Other museums will also be built, one dedicated to Futurshow, and one dedicated to Luciano Pavarotti.
Dedicated to the USF dead of World War II, the Korean War and the Vietnam War, War Memorial Gym currently seats 5,300 spectators.
The two main types of human skin are: glabrous skin, the hairless skin on the palms and soles, and hair-bearing skin.
On December 2, 1972 it played host to the Jackson 5 concert.
After the publication of the Taylor Report, Hibs considered leaving Easter Road and moving to a different site, but these plans were abandoned in 1994.
The stadium holds 3.000 people and was built in 1961.
Safety concerns at Whistler affected the track design for the Sliding Center Sanki that was used for the 2014 Winter Olympics in Sochi.
The baseball and indoor track facilities are one-half mile south of the main University of Arkansas campus, across Razorback Road.
It was built by the Municipality of Ankara as the first Olympic size 30 m × 60 m ice arena in Turkey.
The 2,000 seat arena is the home of the Kongsvinger Knights ice hockey team.
The arena held its first event on August 16, 2013 as it hosted the University of Nebraska's summer commencement ceremony.
The Kirkby Project was a proposed new football stadium in Kirkby, England for Everton.
It has become a venue of first class and list A cricket since 2000.
With a current capacity of 15,790, it is the fifth largest football stadium of any football team in Denmark.
Located within Gills Field House, Crowell Track is the home of Army's indoor track & field team.
The area is specifically notorious for having the state-owned mansions compound designed for the state high-ranking officials.
Kal Tire Place, formerly known as Wesbild Centre and Vernon Multiplex, is a 3,006 seat multi-purpose arena located in Vernon, British Columbia, Canada.
It hosted the Southern Conference men's basketball tournament in 1953.
This venue was used for the 2004 Copa América.
There was previously a Griffiths Stadium 200 metres to the east of the current location from October 3, 1936 until the new site was opened.
The inaugural match, between FC Chornomorets Odesa and FC Karpaty Lviv, was played on November 19, 2011, and ended with a 2–2 draw.
The stadium is owned by the Joinville City Hall.
The stadium underwent extensive redevelopment during the late 1990s, which has brought its capacity down from nearly 20,000 to a current figure of 11,582.
The adjoining Moncton Agrena complex constitutes the largest trade show facility in Atlantic Canada.
Stadio Mario Rigamonti is a football ground in Brescia, Italy, home of Brescia Calcio and FeralpiSalo.
Since 1982, the stadium has also served as the home stadium of the UCLA Bruins football team.
The main facilities of this sports center are the large hall and the main city stadium Bandžovo Brdo.
It is currently used mostly for football matches.
The stadium is able to hold 18,611 people and was built in 1931.
It is primarily used by Kölner Haie, VfL Gummersbach, Köln RheinStars, and as a concert venue.
The stadium had remained, for a long time, the only CFL venue with natural grass, until FieldTurf Duraspine Pro was installed in 2010.
The 2008 season was the twelfth and final season in the original Tiger Park.
The Ondrej Nepela Arena, known as Orange Arena during the 2011 IIHF Championship, also known as Slovnaft Arena, is an arena in Bratislava, Slovakia.
The old nickname of the stadium was "Comunale."
RFK was one of the first major stadiums designed specifically as a multi-sport facility for both football and baseball.
Het Kuipje is a multi-use stadium in Westerlo, Belgium.
Roberto Clemente Coliseum is a sports and concert arena located in San Juan, Puerto Rico.
The Fort Lauderdale Red Sox played home games there in 1993, after an unsuccessful attempt to move from Winter Haven to Fort Myers.
Stadio Carlo Speroni is a multi-use stadium in Busto Arsizio, Italy.
The gymkhana is one of the founder members of the Bombay Cricket Association.
It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home stadium of Pärnu Linnameeskond.
The Mud Hens were transferred to Cleveland for 1914 and 1915 by their owner, who was also the owner of the Cleveland Indians.
Grasshopper-Club is using it as their home stadium since 2007.
Nehru Stadium is a football stadium and also a multi-purpose stadium in Coimbatore, Tamil Nadu, India.
The Show Place Arena contains a 35,360-square-foot floor allowing it to be used for various events such as concerts and trade shows.
Olympiahalle is a multi-purpose arena located in Am Riesenfeld in Munich, Germany, part of Olympiapark.
The track is owned and operated by the University of Oxford.
Since the 2008/09 season, the stadium has also been used for the SC Freiburg women's team.
It is known locally as The Peasy.
It replaces the former home of both the Chargers and the Mariners, Old Al Sutton Stadium, which was located 1.5 miles away to the east.
It has been the home of Sheffield United since the club's establishment in 1889.
Agyeman Badu Stadium is a multi-use stadium in Dormaa Ahenkro, Ghana.
The panels were placed above the seating areas providing shade for the spectators.
It opened in 1995 as a replacement for the original Boston Garden and has been known as Shawmut Center, FleetCenter, and TD Banknorth Garden.
It was also used for football games, ice skating, religious services, concerts, and other large events.
The arena is located adjacent to its predecessor, Card Gymnasium, which opened in 1930.
It was dedicated on December 18, 1951 and primarily serves as the home gymnasium to the connected Struthers High School athletic programs.
Rosenaustadion is a multi-purpose stadium in Augsburg, Bavaria, Germany.
The arena opened in 1925 and was known as Huff Gymnasium until the 1990s.
In 2013, the Wolfpack ranked 33rd among Division I baseball programs in attendance, averaging 1,994 per home game.
It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home stadium of FK Khazar Lankaran.
It was the home of the National Women's Soccer League's FC Kansas City during the 2014 season.
The game was a sell-out and was televised nationally on ESPNU.
The stadium was built on the site of Beşiktaş's former home, BJK İnönü Stadium.
It is owned by Escambia County and operated by SMG Management.
U.S. Steel Yard is an open-air baseball stadium located in Gary, Indiana next to I-90 in the city's Emerson neighborhood.
Tenney Stadium at Leonidoff Field is a 5,000-seat multi-purpose stadium in Poughkeepsie, New York.
In 1997, Misia signed a recording contract with BMG Japan and joined the then up-and-coming talent agency, Rhythmedia.
It was named after Denver mayor William H. McNichols, Jr., who served from 1968 to 1983.
It is currently home to HT Tatran Prešov.
In 2005, the number of seats was upgraded to 4,570 as part of a redevelopment and expansion plan.
Financed by the Extremadura Government, it cost 800 million pesetas.
It was named after former Menteri Besar of Johor, Tan Sri Dato Hj Hassan Yunos.
It played host to the Reno Silver Sox professional baseball team of the independent Golden Baseball League from 2006 to 2008.
The stadium was used by PFC Chernomorets Burgas between 2006 and 2015, even though they had plans to move to a new stadium in the future.
It is the home field of the Liberty Flames baseball team, a member of the NCAA Division I Big South Conference.
It started as field for Grupo Sport de Benfica to organize Sports Festivals.
Its location is at the intersection of Abuja Road and Airport Road.
It was one of four venues for the 2013 UEFA European Under-21 Football Championship, holding three group matches and a semi-final.
They finally built the eastern stand for a capacity of 6,000 spectators.
The stadium has international standards a table tennis court, an outdoor basketball court, badminton court as well as TT complex.
It has been home to the program since the facility opened in May 2000.
It was ranked as Major League Baseball's best ballpark in a 2008 Sports Illustrated fan opinion poll.
The Generals' players stayed and dined at nearby Fontana Hall.
The court is located in the Camama II neighborhood in Luanda, near the centralidade do Kilamba, and across the road to the Estádio 11 de Novembro.
In 2008 the stadium had a capacity of 10,000, but around September 2009 it was upgraded to 12,000 seats.
All aforementioned playing surfaces, including the stadium court, are available for public use.
It was replaced by the Estádio José Alvalade in 1956.
The stadium also hosts minor league baseball games for the Bradenton Marauders, the Pirates' High-A club in the Florida State League.
Others use public transportation to reach the facility on game days.
During the Fair, the Mathewson Exhibition Center hosts equine and livestock shows as well as various entertainment and concerts.
Štadión MŠK is a multi-use stadium in Považská Bystrica, Slovakia.
The San Siro is a UEFA category four stadium.
It is named after Walter Riggs, the former coach of the football team and president of Clemson.
Completed in 2011, The venue is home to the basketball team of Trabzonspor Basketball.
The first major event held in the stadium was the 1955 Pan American Games.
The 22,000 capacity stadium was opened in January 2012, in time for its use in the 2012 African Cup of Nations.
It is used by the Kent and Blackheath Harriers athletic clubs and the Lewisham Borough and Forest Hill Park football clubs.
It is home to the Austin Peay Governors baseball team of the NCAA Division I Ohio Valley Conference.
The sale of Kilbowie Park was the catalyst for the club's decline, which was finally ended in 2002.
It is named after the road which runs along one end of it, but the official address is 1 Maple Road.
It is the home of the FC Grenoble rugby union club.
The arena is used as a concert venue and for sporting events such as arena football, basketball, badminton and table tennis.
It is the home field of the University of Miami Hurricanes baseball team.
It is the home ground of the top-class handball club MKB Veszprém KC, that regularly host the best teams of Europe.
Cawley Memorial Stadium is a 6,000-seat multipurpose stadium in Lowell, Massachusetts primarily used for football, soccer and lacrosse.
Hermann Stadium, or fully, Robert R. Hermann Stadium is located in Midtown St. Louis, Missouri, on the campus of Saint Louis University.
The stadium has hosted three Ranji Trophy matches  from 1993 when Odisha cricket team played against Tripura cricket team.
Murrayfield Ice Rink is a 3,800-seat multi-purpose arena in the Murrayfield area of Edinburgh, Scotland, right next door to Murrayfield Stadium.
It is owned and run by Wakefield Sports Club Ltd.
The stadium and the administration building are owned by Nõmme district and are operated by Nõmme Sport Centre.
Mt Smart Stadium is a stadium in Auckland, New Zealand.
Darwin Football Stadium is a sports stadium in Darwin, Australia in the Marrara Sporting Complex, and is located adjacent to the TIO Stadium.
Adamstown Oval is a suburban association football venue located in Newcastle, New South Wales, Australia.
Used primarily for football, it is the home stadium of Independiente José Terán of the Serie A de Ecuador.
In his tenure, the team's record was 306–143.
Estadio Nido de los Aguilas, officially known due to sponsorship as Estadio B'Air, is a stadium in Mexicali, Mexico.
The new venue was completed in December, 2009 and was opened on June 21, 2010.
The Rebels left the Continental Football League in 1967 to become the Richmond Mustangs of the United American Football League.
It is used mostly for football matches and is the home stadium of Olimpi Rustavi.
The site has been a football field since the late 1920s or early 1930s and is the only home ground Olimpic have used.
The Napoli tifosi responded by hanging a flag in their "curva" of the stadium saying "Maradona, Naples loves you, but Italy is our homeland".
It is located in the heart of the well known modern EUR complex.
It is also the third largest capacity venue in Tasmanian football after North Hobart Oval, and Aurora Stadium.
It is primarily used for baseball and is the home field of the Rockland Boulders of the independent Can–Am League.
It hosts indoor sporting events such as like badminton, basketball, concerts, gymnastics, table tennis and volleyball.
It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home ground of Magway FC of the Myanmar National League.
It is home to SVB Eerste Klasse clubs SV Boskamp and Real Saramacca.
Aggie sophomore Patrice Clark scored the first goal.
The stadium is maintained by the Sports Authority of Goa.
The ground is owned by the West Coast Rugby League.
The Gold Coast Suns reserves side also occasionally uses the ground for home matches.
The stadium, which is situated on Harry Potts Way, named so after the club's longest serving Manager, has an official capacity of 21,401, all seated.
It is part of the large $275,000,000 real estate development in McDonough located off Interstate 75 exit 218 on Georgia Highway 20.
It is the home venue for both the Cougars men's and women's basketball teams of the Pac-12 Conference.
The stadium was the home of 2009 Lone Star Conference Softball Tournament.
The seating capacity of the arena is 11,000 people and it was opened on 25 January 1957.
The arena lies at the southwest corner of the South Philadelphia Sports Complex, which includes Lincoln Financial Field, Citizens Bank Park, and Xfinity Live!.
The school made the decision before the 2015-2016 season to move all home games back to Case Gym due to poor attendance at Agganis.
The Commonwealth Arena and Sir Chris Hoy Velodrome, known for sponsorship reasons as the Emirates Arena, is an indoor arena and velodrome in Dalmarnock, Glasgow, Scotland.
However, there was no room for further expansion and in 1950 the club began to make plans for a new stadium, the Camp Nou.
It is primarily used for football, soccer, and track and field events, and is the home field of the Buffalo Bulls.
It was formerly home to the Orangeville A's of the National Basketball League of Canada.
In 2005, the team chose to become one of the founding franchises of the West Coast Collegiate Baseball League.
Meath Inter-County Football games and County Senior Finals have been played in Trim, though less frequently.
The Cocoa Expo Sports Center is a multi-sport complex located near Cocoa, Florida.
The rest of the tribunes are uncovered concrete steps painted white.
"The Ted" was designed by Southfield, Michigan architecture firm Rossetti.
It was built on March 12 th 1978.
After four years at Broadwood, Airdrieonians moved into the Shyberry Excelsior Stadium in 1998.
It is the first hockey stadium in Bangladesh and also the headquarters of Bangladesh Hockey Federation.
It was opened in 1947 and expanded in 2001.
Crenshaw Memorial Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium in unincorporated Harris County located northeast of Houston, Texas.
It is home to Vodacom League side Maritzburg City F.C.
The Athletics–Recreation Center, also known as the ARC, is a 5,000-seat multi-purpose arena on the campus of Valparaiso University in Valparaiso, Indiana, United States.
It also serves as the home of the Future Cup, an International tournament for under-17 youth teams, which was named after the sport park.
It currently has a capacity of 28,100 spectators.
The stadium also hosted the Florida State League's Miami Miracle in 1990 and 1991.
Toyota Stadium is a stadium in Georgetown, Kentucky.
It was home to the Arizona State University Sun Devils basketball team from 1953 until the Wells Fargo Arena opened in 1974.
It opened in 1955 and holds 6,714 spectators.
The stadium was previously a venue of the 2002 edition of the FIFA World Cup.
The baseball-specific stadium opened in 2000 with a seating capacity of 13,131.
It has a maximum capacity of 16,000 spectators.
The second Test was held seven years later when New Zealand defeated Papua New Guinea 62-8 in front of only 4,800 fans on 5 October 1996.
The Woodstock District Community Complex is considered to be the social epicentre of the Canadian community of Woodstock, Ontario.
Owned and operated by the SMG Europe and sponsored by Metro Radio, it hosts music, entertainment, sports & business events.
It is the home stadium of Lokomotiv Moscow and was the home ground of the Russian National Team for the 2010 FIFA World Cup qualification matches.
Great Britain won 4-1 to advance to the second round of the Davis Cup Europe/Africa Zone Group II.
Coliseo Rubén Rodríguez is an indoor sporting arena in Puerto Rico.
Sports Stadium is located in Majuro, Marshall Islands.
Howrah Rugby Crows and several football clubs use the venue for home games.
The venue has a fixed roof and an asphalt floor.
Since the Astrodome's 2006 closure Holt Arena has been the oldest enclosed stadium in use.
Their naming rights expired on August 1, 2010 and the arena was once again known as the Civic Arena.
Estadio Domingo Burgueño is a multi-use stadium in Maldonado, Uruguay.
It was constructed beginning in 2006 as a replacement for the original UCF arena, and as a part of Knights Plaza.
It is the home field of the Colorado Rockies, the city's Major League Baseball franchise.
Hartmeyer Ice Arena is a 3,500 seat multi-purpose arena in Madison, Wisconsin.
The Horned Frogs won Southwest Conference regular season championships in 1963, 1966, 1967, 1972, and 1994 while calling the TCU Diamond home.
The Rink End is also an all-seater stand containing 1,033 seats, some with an obscured view of the pitch due to supporting pillars.
It will be the new home of Batman B.S.
Historically, the club is second only to their cross city rivals Al Ansar and equal to Homenetmen Beirut in the number of Lebanese league titles won.
The Pittsburgh Steelers used the field for in-season practices during the 1930s.
The Francisco Morazán Stadium is one of the three stadiums available to the city of San Pedro Sula, Honduras.
It is currently used mostly for field hockey matches.
The stadium hosted one first-class match  in 1988 when Madhya Pradesh cricket team played against Vidarbha cricket team.
The men defeated the University of Akron 74-70 in overtime on November 9, 2012.
It was constructed in 1993 inside the Godofredo P. Ramos Park fronting the Provincial Capitol of Aklan.
In 1951 it was a site of the 3rd World Festival of Youth and Students.
Established in 1948, Mr. Bronsplein is a large sports complex located on the Gemenelandsweg, in Paramaribo, Suriname.
The building opened in 1972 and was designed by architect Frank Wallace, who designed most of the buildings on the ORU campus.
The hall was opened on 6 February 2010 and named after "capital city".
It is primarily used for team handball and is the home arena of MRA Navarra FS and Basket Navarra Club.
The stadium is able to hold 11,500 spectators, one of the smallest in Top 14.
The complex will be located in the historic Votanikos area, west of downtown Athens.
Other musical acts that appear at the Coliseo Centenario includes Banda el Recodo, Maná, Mägo de Oz, Pedro Fernández, Café Tacuba and Juan Gabriel.
On December 11, 2015, the Byrd Stadium name was removed, with the stadium being renamed Maryland Stadium.
The Central Stadium is the main football arena of the city and for FC Aktobe.
Estadio Las Higueras was a football stadium in Talcahuano, Chile.
As a result, they reduced the capacity to 17,001 for the forthcoming season.
Since 1958, Sabine Field area has also been home to a WWII-era M4 Sherman tank named "Sabine Sally".
The Taylor Sportsplex is a sports facility owned by and located in the City of Taylor, Michigan.
In honor of Powers and his family, the University will name Princeton Stadium's game field "Powers Field."
Bielefelder Alm is a football stadium in Bielefeld, Germany.
It is the biggest football stadium in Latvia.
Jorhat District Sports Association Ground or J.D.S.A.
It has a capacity of 10,000 spectators.
Bill Brooks Field is a stadium in Wilmington, North Carolina on the campus of UNC-Wilmington.
It has a seating capacity of 5,500.
The NC State Wolfpack defeated Florida State 3-0 in the final game ever played in Riddick Stadium on November 13, 1965.
In this game, the CD Málaga also premiered name since its previous name was CD Malacitano.
It is the home of Omagh St. Enda's and the Tyrone Gaelic football teams.
Speedway takes place on a Thursday evening and the stadium has a total capacity for 4,000 spectators.
The stadium is currently home to FC Barcelona B, FCB's reserve team, as well as FC Barcelona's women's team, and Juvenil A.
Flipper was removed from the Orange Bowl after 1968 to save costs and the 1970s due to stress.
Welkom Mines Recreation Ground is a multi purpose stadium in Welkom, Free State.
Al-Hasan Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium in Irbid, Jordan.
At a total construction cost of approximately $1.1 billion, MSG has been ranked as one of the 10 most expensive stadium venues ever built.
BBVA Compass, a subsidiary of Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, is the stadium's sponsor company.
Dinajpur Stadium is located by the Stadium-Poolhat Rd, Dinajpur, Bangladesh.
The stadium is the national stadium of the Bailiwick of Guernsey.
The following month Metalist 1925 followed suit.
Inside the athletic tracks lies a Football field 105m x 68m in size.
Scully–Fahey Field is a field lacrosse venue located on the campus of Dartmouth College in Hanover, New Hampshire.
It is currently used mostly for football matches and to host intra- and inter-university sports competitions the student body participates in.
Whitestone Park is a sports ground in Peebles, Scottish Borders, Scotland, used for football and cricket.
Indoor Tennis Complex has world-class level four synthetic tennis courts with modern technology.
It regularly hosts National Hurling League, National Football League, National Camogie League and All-Ireland Senior Camogie Championship fixtures.
It has a standard rubber track, 4 sandpits and an artificial turf.
The facility employs about 15 full-time people, with up to fifty during peak season.
Šenčur is a settlement in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
For the Donald W. Reynolds Center for American Art and Portraiture in Washington, D.C., see Old Patent Office Building.
KwaThema Stadium is a multi-use stadium in KwaThema, Gauteng, South Africa.
In the past it was the host site of the world and European championships in ice hockey, gymnastics, volleyball, basketball, boxing, and other sports.
Al Muharraq Stadium is a multi-use stadium situated in Arad, Bahrain.
The stadium is the home field of the IPN's college football teams: the Águilas Blancas and Burros Blancos.
Devlin Fieldhouse is known for its post game shootarounds which include former greats Karl Hoefer, Christian Marks, Jack Pontin, and Chris Chimento
Nottingham Greyhound Stadium is a greyhound racing track and stadium on the outskirts of Nottingham, England.
Johnson Gymnasium is a 4,000 seat multi-purpose arena in Albuquerque, New Mexico, on the campus of the University of New Mexico.
The LSU Tigers baseball team, LSU Tigers women's soccer team and LSU Tigers women's volleyball team use the weight room.
Built solely for football, the stadium has excellent sightlines from almost every seat.
It is the home of FC Dynamo Kyiv and a major alternative stadium for the Ukrainian national football team that often plays its exhibition games.
Opened 40 years ago in September 1977, it is the home of the NAU Lumberjacks football and basketball teams of the Big Sky Conference.
It hosts mainly baseball games and is the home stadium of Panamá Metro of the Panamanian Professional Baseball League.
It is currently the home ground of newly promoted Premier Soccer League side Highlands Park FC.
Falcon Field is a football field located in Meriden, Connecticut.
It provides facilities for track and field and football.
Pista de Atletismo Darwin Piñeirúa is an athletic stadium in Montevideo, Uruguay.
[1] It is the home of bandy club Dynamo Moscow.
It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home stadium of Loei City F.C..
There is a plaque located near the main entrance to the arena honoring his visit.
The stadium is sited on Petřín hill overlooking the old city.
The stadium also includes a hotel for 200 guests which is conditioned and has a swimming pool, gym and a department building which contains 80 people.
Karađorđe Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium in Novi Sad, Vojvodina, Serbia.
It was purchased and renovated in the mid-2000s with the intention of refurbishing the Armory's main arena to hold events once again.
It is also used for other sporting events such as Football, Boxing, MMA and Rugby League.
Baotou Nanjiao is a Chinese football club that currently participates in the China League Two division under licence from the Chinese Football Association.
The project is the result of combined commitments of $30 million from Delaware County and $47 million from the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania.
It is used mostly for football matches and athletics competitions.
Armstrong Stadium is a 10,000-seat multi-purpose stadium in Hampton, Virginia.
The building was also the home of the South Carolina Fire Ants of Major League Roller Hockey in 1998.
It was also the home stadium of the Florida Atlantic Owls football team from 2002 to 2010.
Estadio 12 de Febrero is a multi-use stadium in El Vigía, Venezuela.
The Magness Arena is a multi-purpose collegiate sports arena in Denver, Colorado.
The park still stands and hosts recreational baseball.
Ulundi Stadium is a multi-use stadium in Ulundi, KwaZulu-Natal, South Africa.
The Broncos called Mile High Stadium home from their beginning in the AFL in 1960 until 2000.
The ice hockey stadium's cash register opens one and half hours before the match.
Following NK Karlovac's promotion to Prva HNL the stadium underwent renovations in order to meet top-level requirements in the summer of 2009.
It is the biggest multipurpose hall in Spain, as it can hold up to 26,000 people, and 15,414 for indoor sports.
The Norwegian Olympic Museum is located in the arena, which is located next to the smaller Kristins Hall.
The Tacoma Dome is an indoor arena located in Tacoma, Washington, United States, approximately 30 miles south of Seattle.
The Men's Gymnasium is an on-campus indoor athletic facility on the campus of Indiana University in Bloomington, Indiana.
It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home stadium of Rangsit F.C..
Russell's popularity caused the team's fan base to outgrow Yost Fieldhouse and prompted the construction of the current facility.
Stadium Australia, commercially known as ANZ Stadium and formerly as Telstra Stadium, is a multi-purpose stadium located in the Sydney Olympic Park, in Sydney, Australia.
BB&T Ballpark at Historic Bowman Field is a minor league baseball stadium in Williamsport, Pennsylvania, in the United States.
The sports hall covers an area of 9,000 m2.
The complex cost over $4.5 million to build and includes a state-of-the-art locker and training room that is shared with the men's lacrosse team.
The ballpark spans approximately forty acres, and is surrounded by an 8-foot tall wooden security fence.
The venue hosted the 2012 and 2013 Great West Conference Men's Basketball Tournament.
It was constructed by Phillies owners AJ Reach and John Rogers.
By then the stadium needed renovations, being abandoned for over 3 years.
The venue is also used for basketball, concerts, indoor football and mixed martial arts.
Dorrien Gardens is an association football ground in West Perth, Western Australia.
Every home game since November 8, 1975 has drawn a crowd in excess of 100,000, an active streak of more than 200 contests.
The facility is used for graduation ceremonies at the end of every semester.
The stadium is located on the northern side of Malmö's largest park, Pildammsparken, with Malmö Stadion and Swedbank Stadion both to the park's south.
The ballpark stands in the western portion of the athletic complex on Duke's West Campus.
The stadium was constructed and maintained by Vidarbha Hockey Association and also has vidarbha Hockey Academy.
The capacity of the arena is 6,387 spectators and opened in 1982.
It serves as a home ground for CS Constantine, and MO Constantine.
It is currently used mostly for football matches.
Reluctance to move has led to the distinctive lop-sided appearance of the present-day stadium's asymmetrical stands.
Durham County Memorial Stadium is also one of North Carolina's main archery and track and field venues.
It is named after the paralympic athlete, Anthi Karagianni, who won three silver medals in the 2004 Paralympic Games.
The top level of the clubhouse serves as an events plaza for hosted outings during games and also features an office for the coaching staff.
Its dimensions are 105x65 meters, area10,500 square meters, seating capacity 9,300, ceiling height 21 meters.
The Stadium comes under Sports Development Authority of Tamil Nadu, who takes care of its operation and maintenance.
In 1998, the Reds left Plant City for Ed Smith Stadium in Sarasota, Florida.
The Rideau Rink was scheduled to open on January 10 but unseasonably mild weather postponed the grand opening to February 1.
Veteran striker Luca Toni found the net after Fabio Quagliarella failed to convert a penalty.
It is the home of the local Bundesliga team, 1.
To save money, the original farmhouse was retained and was converted into a pavilion and dressing room.
There are three courts under the one structure, and a series of retractable roofs.
It was named after Adolfo López Mateos who served as President of Mexico from 1958 to 1964.
It debuted on September 27, 2006, during a men's soccer game between Virginia and American University.
It was officially opened on December 15, 1950.
In addition, the San Diego Surf Dawgs of the independent Golden Baseball League used the park as their home field.
Jeonju Baseball Stadium is a baseball stadium in the city of Jeonju, South Korea.
The stadium has a capacity of approximately 25,000 people and is now mainly used for football matches involving Penang FA, such as the Malaysian Super League.
The record attendance is about 3,500, from a 2007 cup match where Randaberg played Viking.
The complex consists of the following components:
It was formerly named the DePaul Athletic Center.
The stadium is located in the southern suburb of Nea Smyrni, which is the heart of the team's fanbase.
The Moncton Coliseum is a multi-purpose facility, located in Moncton, New Brunswick, Canada.
The club was led by the flamboyant star, Mike "King" Kelly.
Until 2009, the stadium was used mostly for football matches by the football club FC Augsburg.
Joe Etzel Field is a 1,000 seat baseball stadium in Portland, Oregon that is home to the University of Portland Pilots baseball team.
The ground is owned and managed by the Municipality of Kamëz, and it is the home ground of FC Kamza.
El Gouna Stadium is a stadium with a 12,000-seat capacity in El-Gouna, Egypt.
Molineux Stadium is a Championship football stadium situated in Wolverhampton, England.
It contains two FIFA-regulated game fields and seats 5,257 people.
The stadium is named after Viorel Mateianu, the famous coach that trained FC Baia Mare between 1977-1981.
It is situated in South Ruislip, west London.
The north grandstand was removed to facilitate the construction of the Sebo Athletic Center.
Since its construction in 1983, the stadium has been home to UWC athletics, rugby, soccer and numerous other sporting events and local gatherings.
Gesa Stadium is a Minor League Baseball park in the northwest United States, located in Pasco, Washington.
Visiting mainland football clubs regularly played mid-season or end-of-season matches at the ground.
The stadium also has a dedicated Hall of Fame to Roberto Hernandez, which contains several items of baseball memorabilia and awards belonging to him.
Givi Chokheli Stadium is a multi-use stadium in Telavi, Georgia.
DNB Arena is an indoor ice hockey rink in Stavanger, Norway, and home to the GET-ligaen side Stavanger Oilers.
It is owned and operated by DirecTV & ALG Sports.
On July 23, 2007, McAlister Field House was the venue for the Democratic Party's edition of the CNN-YouTube presidential debates.
In addition to baseball, the park plays host to various other concerts and events throughout the year.
Planet Ice Milton Keynes is a 2,800-capacity multi-purpose ice rink/hockey rink located in Milton Keynes, England, as part of the Leisure Plaza complex.
When used for trade shows the arena can accommodate 15,725 square feet of space.
It also hosted all 10 of the University Interscholastic League's Texas high school football championship games at the conclusion of the 2015 season.
The project was announced in 2014 by Canadian Premier League T20 chairman and convicted defrauder Roy Singh.
The auditorium opened on May 30, 1930.
The stadium is only place in Najafgarh that can host sport event.
El Paso County Coliseum is a 6,500-seat multi-purpose arena located in El Paso, Texas.
Colchester United play their home games at Colchester Community Stadium in Colchester.
It is the major sporting events venue in the Baw Baw Shire, followed by Eastern Park and is used by many sporting groups throughout the year.
The stadium has a capacity of 8,400 people.This is the first time after 1972 that the stadium is renovated in so big level
Dunkin' Donuts purchased the naming rights for the stadium for an undisclosed amount.
Peterson Gym is a 3,668 seat multi-purpose arena in San Diego, California.
It was completed in 2011, and is used mainly for football matches and is home to both Hapoel Petah Tikva and Maccabi Petah Tikva.
The Amman International Stadium is a stadium in Al Hussein Youth City in Amman, Jordan.
In December 2003, it was also the site of a memorial service for the late U.S.
American Legion Field is a stadium in Danville, Virginia.
It was inaugurated on April 4, 1967.
The current options are the current Coliseum site, the Jack London Square District or The Howard Terminal.
Seats are from the Anaheim Stadium and installed in 1990s.
It is Aruba's National Stadium, named after Guillermo Trinidad, a politician from the same neighbourhood.
In 1869 Didi Gautier sold his circus Didier Gautiers menagerie to Adèle Houcke.
Stade ASEC Ndiambour, better known as Stade Alboury Ndiaye is a multi-use stadium in Louga, Senegal.
It was completed in March 2006 and consists of five separate facilities: an arena, stadium, theater, conference center and food production center.
The Palace Theatre was an entertainment venue located in Melbourne, Australia.
Tom Benson Hall of Fame Stadium is an outdoor football stadium in Canton, Ohio, United States.
The site also includes a building complex, the Arena Complex, making it one of the largest shopping-entertainment centers in the city.
The stadium also served as the open-air venue for the National Hockey League's 2011 Heritage Classic match between the Calgary Flames and the Montreal Canadiens.
The construction project was done in partnership with Portuguese state-owned bank Caixa Geral de Depósitos, which got the naming rights.
During World War II it was passed to municipal ownership.
Since the middle of 2014 the stadium's reconstruction is on hold, due to the lack of financing.
In the end of 2007 the arbitrator of international product brands Superbrands awarded Siemens Arena as one of the most prominent brands in Lithuania.
Stade Ange Casanova is a football stadium in Ajaccio, Corsica, France and is the home stadium of Gazélec Football Club Olympique Ajaccio.
Campanelli Stadium is a stadium in Brockton, Massachusetts.
The stadium is mainly used by Red Star F.C.
Since then the ground has hosted non-first-class matches.
When construction first started, the government claimed the area would serve as a civic square after the Asian Games.
It is the only high school stadium in APS that is located on the campus of a high school.
It was the home of the Cincinnati Reds from 1902 through 1911.
The stadium also hosts international rugby matches, including France against New Zealand on November 15, 1986.
It is located adjacent to Leumeah railway station and Wests Leagues Club.
Athlone Town Stadium, often referred to as Lissywollen is the home stadium of Athlone Town.
It has seating capacity for 2,700, and hosts netball, basketball, indoor soccer, badminton and volleyball.
The Waterfront Theater is Florida's largest theater which is housed within the arena, that can seat between 3,000 and 5,800.
A new all-weather track replaced a dirt track which was installed in 1946.
It was formerly known as Dalian Arena.
The field is currently the oldest stadium used for spring training as well as the second-oldest in the Florida State League.
It has a capacity of 1,600 spectators.
From 1981 to 2009, Drillers Stadium was home to the Tulsa Drillers, of the Double-A Texas League.
The stadium has a capacity of 48,200 people.
The work was entirely funded by China while Gabon developed the site, including bringing water and electricity, and building access roads.
It is one of only two stadiums in the MAC which shares its football field with a running track.
The stadium was completely rebuilt and inaugurated in its new configuration in 2003.
Alfonso López stadium is part of the larger Villa Olímpica Alfonso López.
The outer walls of the arena support next to no weight at all.
Zhastar Stadium is a multi-use stadium in Aktau, Kazakhstan.
It is located in the Gachibowli suburb.
The stadium has the name of the mayor of Avilés who proposed its construction.
CC Amfi, also known as Nordlyshallen is an indoor sports arena in Hamar, Norway.
South of Scotland League club Heston Rovers have shared Palmerston since 2013.
The courts were removed following the games in preparation for the Marketplace venue for the 2015 Canadian National Exhibition.
The field itself is named Bob Waters Field.
The capacity of the stadium is divided in four sectors:
In that dead-ball era, the outfield was enclosed by a relatively low wall all around.
It will have a capacity of 8,500 people during ice hockey games and 10,000 people during concerts.
Demolition of the stadium began in September 2011 and was completed in November 2011.
It is used primarily for basketball, concerts, regional events and other conventions.
It is home to the Iowa State University Cyclones men's and women's basketball teams, wrestling, gymnastics and volleyball teams.
Bir Muktijoddha Sirajul Islam Stadium is located by the Panchagarh Sadar Upazila Engineer Office, Panchagarh, Bangladesh.
Stands with capacity of 10.000 and an additional tennis court were built.
Kincaid Field was an athletic field located at the University of Oregon.
The playing field at Thomas Stadium opened on February 17, 2012, when East Tennessee State defeated Eastern Kentucky 8-3 in front of 327 spectators.
The current name comes from Arto Tolsa, who was a legendary Finnish player of Kotkan Työväen Palloilijat, the predecessor of KTP.
The building opened in September 2011 and seats 4,387 people for basketball and volleyball games and 5,209 for convocation events and concerts.
The stadium has a seating capacity of 18,467 seats, which can expand to 25,000 for concerts.
In 2007, the hosted five Inter-State T20 Championship matches since then it has been specialist ground for Twenty20 cricket.
It is mainly used for football matches and is the home ground of FK Baník Sokolov.
The Fieldhouse is currently where the women's volleyball, gymnastics, wrestling, and indoor track and field teams compete.
It has been in use since 1912 for both baseball and football.
It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home stadium of Osotsapa FC.
The arena hosted the Memorial Cup in 2004.
After renovations in 1987, the name became Gallagher-Iba Arena, as a tribute to longtime basketball coach and innovator Henry Iba.
The stadium is part of the Scharbauer Sports Complex, together with the 5,000-seat Security Bank Ballpark.
It also hosts other events, such as the WWE, music and comedy concerts, and craft fairs.
The Walkup Skydome is also used by the NFL's Arizona Cardinals during their summer training camp, held at NAU.
Nutrition Stadium for sponsorship purposes, is a rugby league ground in Featherstone, near Pontefract, West Yorkshire, England.
Città di Brindisi of the Serie D. The stadium holds 6,200 spectators.
The stadium opened on April 18, 2008.
Due to a sponsorship deal, it is currently named the Schwarzwald-Stadion.
The stadium also had recently constructed parking lots.
Stade Olympique de Radès is a multi-purpose stadium in Rades, Tunisia.
It was built in 2003 at a cost of $22 million and holds 7,273 people.
Three local colleges use the stadium for soccer, lacrosse and rugby, and six different local high schools will use the field for soccer and lacrosse.
When the ice is removed, the facility is used for Clarkson's graduation and other local events.
RZD Arena is a football stadium in Moscow, Russia.
The club proposed the new name for its sporting and football events, in honor to its former footballer and club's legend, Asim Ferhatović - Hase.
It replaced the old and historical Appiani stadium.
Renovations were finished before the start of the 2010-2011 Basketball season.
Larry Mahaney Diamond is a baseball stadium in Orono, Maine, located on the campus of the University of Maine.
The venue is the home of the Argentine Primera División club Vélez Sársfield and is also known as El Fortín de Liniers or Vélez Sarsfield.
It is home to the Texas Rangers of Major League Baseball and the Texas Rangers Baseball Hall of Fame.
It is mainly used for association football and is the home ground of the Armenia national football team.
It is the largest basketball arena in Conference USA.
The ground-breaking ceremony happened in February 2017, with a planned schedule to complete construction in June 2018.
Attempts were made to bring a professional baseball team to TD Ameritrade Park, but legal troubles prevented this.
Rashtriya Chemicals & Fertilisers Company Ground is a multi purpose stadium in Mumbai, Maharashtra.
Smith, a local banker and strong supporter of local sports.
It is the current home of Veikkausliiga club PS Kemi.
Initially named the Hulman Civic-University Center, the facility opened on December 14, 1973.
Bežigrad Stadium, also known as Bežigrad Central Stadium, is a multi-purpose stadium in Ljubljana, Slovenia.
It was opened on April 11, 2014.
Court 9, built in 1997 and originally named Court 3, has a capacity of 2,000.
Kumamoto Prefectural Gymnasium is an indoor sports arena, located in Kumamoto, Japan.
Mohlakeng Stadium is a multi-use stadium in Randfontein, Gauteng, South Africa.
Doug Redmond led the park to the most successful park attendance record in 1992.
Steel Aréna was one of the venues for the 2011 IIHF World Championship, which was hosted by Bratislava and Košice.
The arena's exterior is distinguished by its LED-illuminated roof, which its designers described as resembling fabergé eggs and frozen water droplets
It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home stadium of Stade Malherbe Caen.
Capaha Field includes a state-of-the-art press box which was completed prior to the start of the 2006 season.
The stadium hosted two Poland national football team games.
Both ballparks were what are now called "wooden" ballparks.
Nkawkaw Park is a multi-use stadium in Nkawkaw, Eastern Region, Ghana.
The Flamingos played the 1952 season, sat-out 1953, and rejoined in 1954 only to move across Biscayne Bay to Miami during the 1954 season.
There are two side stands and no supporter accommodation at each end.
Alberton Oval is located in Alberton, a north-western suburb of Adelaide, South Australia.
The facility is used for domestic competition and hosted the 2014 Women's Hockey Champions Challenge I before the Commonwealth Games.
It has a seating capacity of 22,500 for concerts.
In 2014, the name was changed again to "Providence Park" after Providence Health & Services bought the naming rights.
After the 2014 Asian Games, capacity was reduced to 30,000 spectators.
Cancha Wilfredo Toro is an arena in Hormigueros, Puerto Rico.
Estádio General Severiano was a football stadium located in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.
United of Manchester and Moston Juniors F.C.
For 64 years until the founding of Kamiakin High School, Kennewick High School served as the sole high school in the city.
It was opened in 1960, and designed by Frode Rinnan.
It is mostly used for football games and was the home venue of Serie A club Cagliari Calcio for the 2012–13 season.
The ice surface itself measures 85' × 200' and totals 18,000 square feet.
The team of National League-affiliated All-Stars defeated the team of American League-affiliated All-Stars, 6–5.
The stadium was built in 1964 by the Municipality of Antofagasta and the Regional Stadium Construction Committee.
Club La Unión plays at this stadium its home matches for the Liga Nacional de Básquet, the top level of the Argentine basketball league system.
Harbin International Conference Exhibition and Sports Center Gymnasium is an indoor sporting arena located in Harbin, China.
Stade de Genève, also called Stade de Servette, is a stadium in Geneva.
Since 1997, it has hosted the Famous Idaho Potato Bowl, the longest-running outdoor bowl game in a cold-weather venue.
Originally named Baylor Stadium, it opened in 1950 with a Baylor game against the Houston Cougars.
The stadium holds 2,000 and was built in 1970.
The facility was one of the permanent venues for the 2012 Olympic and Paralympic Games.
The center included a 6-lane 25-yard swimming pool.
An earlier wooden baseball park had been built on the same site in 1891.
As of 2014 the administrative area houses 14,427,500 inhabitants, with an urban population of 10,152,632.
It is primarily used for baseball and serves as the home stadium for Venados de Mazatlán.
to replace the current Edgbaston Cricket Ground and St Andrews Stadium respectively.
This is because the Defensores del Chaco has a greater capacity.
The facility was named for Dorothy Savage, a former physical education instructor.
However the field could not a provide the proper environment for minor league baseball.
The Main Hall is also home to BBL team Worthing Thunder.
ASB Baypark Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium in Mount Maunganui, New Zealand.
The park opened in 1996, replacing Silver Stadium in northern Rochester, which had been home to professional baseball in Rochester since 1929.
It is located between Muswell Hill and Wood Green, in the north of the city.
United German-Hungarians is an American social club, founded in 1910, as the Banater Männerchor.
The ground's pitch is artificial matting on concrete.
The building was erected in 1968 when RIT moved from downtown Rochester to a new suburban campus in nearby Henrietta.
The arena was ranked the second-best rink in the ECAC West in 2003.
Clonmel GAA Ground is a GAA stadium located in the town of Clonmel, County Tipperary, Ireland.
It is located in Enschede, Netherlands, at the Business & Science Park, near the University of Twente.
Eastern Illinois' baseball program has used the field since its 1982 move to Division I.
The arena, built in 1963, is home to the Western Kentucky University Hilltoppers men's basketball team and Lady Toppers basketball and volleyball teams.
The stadium currently plays host to lower division Calcutta Football League matches and it has hosted Calcutta Premier Division matches in the past.
It is named for World War I fighter ace and pre-war French international rugby player Maurice Boyau.
It is currently used by the Greensburg-Salem School District and Seton Hill University, primarily as a football field.
A temporary structure, it was demolished following the Olympics in 1929.
On the day of its opening, on April 24, 2014, 5,000 seats were still to be installed in the stadium.
The 2016 National Premier Leagues season is due to start here on 18 February 2016.
Built and opened in 1999, it is named after its main sponsor, DW Sports Fitness.
from 1946 until 2002, when they moved to the Kingston Communications Stadium.
The Titans would also cease operations in 2017.
It is currently used mostly for football matches.
It was opened on 7 October 2007.
The field is part of the athletic facilities at Keene High School and is owned by the Alumni Association.
Centerplate is the official concessionaire for the Xfinity Arena.
The Winning Inning is responsible for maintenance of the grounds, and the City of Clearwater for plumbing and electrical repairs.
Estadio Cibao is a multi-use stadium in Santiago, Dominican Republic.
It was named after its principal donor, Roscoe Maples, a member of the class of 1904.
The stadium was due to open earlier in the year but several problems during construction changed the plans.
The stadium was home to the Manitoba Bisons football team until the team relocated next door to Investors Group Field in 2013.
The arena is hockey home of the BCHL Victoria Grizzlies.
Celtic was formed in November 1887 and the first Celtic Park was opened in the Parkhead area in 1888.
It originally held 5,000 spectators, but expansions in 1925, 1930, 1932, 1961 and 1966 brought the final capacity up to approximately 35,000.
The stadium previously served as UTA's home football stadium until the university dropped its program after the final game of the 1985 season.
Originally the Park Center, it was renamed in 1987 in honor of WBT Radio morning personality, Grady Cole.
With the standing area included the total capacity of the stadium is around 5,500.
It is home to Scottish League One side Peterhead.
Surat Thani Province Stadium is a football stadium in Surat Thani, Thailand.
Estadio Antonio Aranda, known until 2013 as Estadio Tte.
It was built and is managed by the Royal Bafokeng Nation.
Fair Grounds Field hosted the 1986 and 1995 Texas League All-Star Games, 2004 Summit League Baseball Tournament, and 2011 Southwestern Athletic Conference Baseball Tournament.
In 2009 the Centre hosted the final of the FIBA Under-19 World Championship.
Ďolíček Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium in Prague district Vršovice, Czech Republic.
From 1956 to 1991, it was known as Memorial Gymnasium in honor of Kent State students who died in World War I and World War II.
It is currently the home stadium of Categoría Primera A club Rionegro Águilas.
On March 16, 2010, they defeated William & Mary in their first official game at Carmichael in 24 years.
The stadium was the site of the Southland Conference Softball Tournament in 1985 and 1997.
However, this was not repeated in the next years.
The stadium is owned by the Ceará state Government, and is the home ground of Ceará Sporting Club and Fortaleza Esporte Clube.
During the 2002 Commonwealth Games, it hosted the badminton competition.
Currently Huff Hall is used for a variety of sporting events, including men's and women's gymnastics, men's wrestling, and women's volleyball.
After a fire in the 1990s, the city replaced walls and the press box.
It is the former home to the RIT Tigers ice hockey teams and current home to the Genesee Figure Skating Club.
From April 2017 the stadium will be known for sponsorship purposes as the Vestacare Stadium .
The building was built in 1970 and is named after W&J graduate and long-time athletic director Pete Henry.
from 1878 until 1922, including their time in the Scottish Football League.
The Groupama Stadium is a 59,186-seat stadium in Décines-Charpieu, close to Lyon.
The price of Pu'er has since recovered and Pu'er tea still contributes much to the income of the area.
The stadium has a seating capacity of 45,529, and contains 3,706 club seats and 61 luxury suites.
It consists of a football stadium, an ice hockey arena, an outdoor ice skating rink and a curling hall.
It has also hosted UEFA Champions League qualifiers, UEFA Cup and UEFA Cup Winners' Cup matches.
Demolition of the Gardens began January 20, 1982, but quickly disproved the moniker "accident waiting to happen."
The playing surface of the field is natural grass.
The fans of the Indios de la UACJ squad always wears yellow or blue jerseys and shorts.
Upon completion, it could hold 22,000 spectators, but accommodating up to 29,500 at its maximum.
The 1,500-seat stadium, with an overall capacity of 2,500, was built in 1993.
Rosenlundshallen was Sweden's first ice hockey arena and was located in Jönköping.
Peel Park was a football stadium in Accrington, Lancashire that was the home of Accrington Stanley F.C.
It is home to the Jacksonville Dolphins college football team.
The smaller basketball hall has a seating capacity of 4,050 people.
Priory Lane is an association football stadium in Langney, East Sussex and is the home of Eastbourne Borough, who play in the Conference South League.
Stade du Rhône is an athletics stadium located in the Parc de Parilly in the commune of Venissieux in Lyon, France.
It is the home ground of the Greek club Olympiacos F.C.
The memorial was designed by James Ford in New York, and includes the poem "The Fallen" engraved on an interior wall.
It has also served as a concert venue to international musical artists, such as Coldplay, Muse and The Rolling Stones.
Herty Field, also known as Alumni Athletic Field, was the original on-campus playing venue for football and baseball at the University of Georgia in Athens, Georgia.
It officially opened on February 25, 2012.
National Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium in Dili, East Timor.
Before then, the 66ers shared Fiscalini Field with CSUSB Coyotes and SBVC Wolverines.
The stand has red bench seats which were added for the 2007 SEA Games as the stadium hosted some football matches.
The stadium was named after Revaz Chelebadze, the most famous player to come from Kobuleti.
Last time it was renovated was for the 1979 Mediterranean Games.
Båstad Tennis Stadium has a capacity of 5,000 people.
It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home ground of FK Ekranas Panevėžys.
In the past UM Timişoara also played its home matches here.
The Boston Red Stockings played one in 1873 when they were flourishing.
It also has hosted the National Capital Region F.A.
The Alliance Bowl is scheduled to return in 2011.
The stadium has a capacity of 10,000.
Currently it is the home of National League side Cheonan City FC.
The Konya Büyükşehir Belediye Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium in Konya, Turkey.
The stadium has 1000 seats and 8,000 standing places.
The entire field was re-sodded and an outfield wall was added.
The total cost of this State Stadium is RM22.6 million.
The first-ever event at the United Center was the WWF event SummerSlam.
It was replaced by Nelson W. Wolff Municipal Stadium for the Missions in 1994.
It is located in Via Firenze, 5 59100 Prato, along the Bisenzio river.
Specifically, it serves as the home of the New Bedford Bay Sox of the New England Collegiate Baseball League, a collegiate summer baseball league.
The stadium was constructed by South African companies Stefanutti Stocks and Omnistruct Nkosi with help from structural engineers Arup of Durban.
It is primarily used for baseball and was home to the West Haven Yankees and West Haven A's.
Hällåsen is a sports venue in Söderhamn.
It is commonly used for the indoor sports including Badminton and Table Tennis.
It is currently used primarily for football matches.
The Sajik Arena is an indoor sporting arena located in Busan, South Korea.
The Virginia High School League held its Group AAA Division 5 and 6 football state championship games at the stadium in 2007 and 2009.
The arena was completed in March 1956 after the university relocated to Winston-Salem from its namesake town in Wake County.
Moose Jaw Arena was an indoor arena in Moose Jaw, Saskatchewan.
It hosted the judo events during the 2011 European Youth Summer Olympic Festival.
Lahore City Cricket Association Ground will host 14 Twenty20 cricket matches.
AAMI Park became Melbourne's first large purpose-built rectangular stadium when completed in 2010.
Its formal name honors Ildo Meneghetti, who was a president of Internacional and an engineer.
The arena features 20 luxury suites and also plays host to concerts, trade shows, conventions and other events.
The most important modification was the construction of a new four-storey building behind the main west stand.
The stadium's primary tenant is the Denver Broncos of the National Football League.
Yeni Sivas 4 Eylül Stadyumu is a stadium that is currently under construction in Sivas, Turkey.
Organized drills help cyclists hone their skills.
The stadium has a capacity of 16,000 people and was built in 1967.
This stadium serves as the home ground for the hockey club, Punjab Warriors, of Hockey India League.
It is named for a generous Charlotte benefactor, Irwin Belk of Belk stores fame.
The picturesque stadium, set on the outskirts of Visakhapatnam midst scenic hills, has hosted 18 under-19s matches .
It was formally inaugurated on 25 December 1907.
It is also the venue for the celebrations of national days and public concerts.
In the decade after the Tigers vacated the stadium, several rejected redevelopment and preservation efforts finally gave way to demolition.
The square footage for both the training room and weight room was increased eightfold, while the media facility was increased by 3.5 times.
The stadium opened in 1950 as the home for the athletics department for the Universidad Autónoma Benito Juárez de Oaxaca.
It is the home of the Connecticut Brakettes team of Amateur Softball Association.
Braves Field was a baseball park in the Northeastern United States, located in Boston.
The stadium was rebuilt, expanded, and modernized to host some UEFA Euro 2004 matches.
New Foolad Stadium is a stadium in Ahvaz, which is currently under construction.
The stadium was the home ground of three western Sydney-based sports teams: Parramatta Eels, Western Sydney Wanderers and Greater Sydney Rams.
British viewers were reported to have been "amazed and confused [...] bemused but impressed [...] amused and confounded" after catching a glimpse of the teatime action.
The John M. Reeves Student Recreation Center is a sports facility located in Hackettstown, New Jersey.
The stadium has hosted nine first-class matches  in 1987 when North Zone cricket team played against South Zone cricket team.
It was the home ground of the FC St. Gallen until their current stadium kybunpark opened in 2008.
An Ohio student-athlete, team physician, and athletic contributor, Goldsberry graduated from Ohio University in 1914 and was a lifelong supporter of Bobcats athletics.
The Hall was closed until the next day, then gradually resumed a variety of events.
In April 1912 Newport County had been accepted to play in the Southern League for the 1912–13 season.
The stadium has a seating capacity of 5,000.
Under the grandstand houses are the offices of the headquarters of Colligiana, restrooms and storage.
It is named after its primary sponsor, the telecommunications company O2.
The total capacity is around the 10,000-mark.
It hosted 9 matches of the tournament, including the final match, which had a second record attendance of 105,302 spectators.
The stadium replaced the club's previous ground, Fellows Park, which was located a quarter of a mile away.
The stadium has a capacity for 2,000.
As chosen by the voters of Atlanta, Lakewood was picked as the 4th best stadium for high school football in the Atlanta metro area.
It will be the new home of Malatyaspor of the TFF Second League.
It is located at 138 Đào Duy Từ Street, Ward 6, District 10.
Its naming rights are owned by the PPL Corporation, which is headquartered in Allentown.
Clipper Magazine Stadium was honored as the "Ballpark of the Year" by the Atlantic League of Professional Baseball following the end of its 2013 regular season.
The scoreboard is the largest scoreboard in NCAA Division II.
It replaced the old Estadio El Sardinero.
The Penguins have the rights to redevelop the property and a preliminary plan exists for residential units, retail space and office space.
It is primarily used for baseball and is currently home of the Niagara Purple Eagles, Niagara Purple Eagles, Niagara Catholic Patriots, and Niagara Power baseball teams.
Estadio Nacional de Fútbol Pedro Marrero, the home of CF Ciudad de La Habana, is a multi-purpose stadium in Havana, Cuba.
Other big clubs have to rent other places.
Griswold Stadium is an American football and soccer stadium which serves as the home of the Lewis & Clark Pioneers football and soccer teams.
The Redbirds are the Triple-A affiliate of Major League Baseball's St. Louis Cardinals.
The centerpiece of Bryant University's athletic facilities, Bulldog Stadium was completed in 1999 to coincide with the varsity debut of Bryant football.
It was replaced by the current National Stadium in 2011.
Boothferry Park was a football stadium in Hull, England, which was home to Hull City A.F.C.
In May 2016, the naming rights to the football stadium, previously known as simply "The Berry Center," were sold to Cy-Fair Federal Credit Union.
The stadium was originally called the Estadio Manzanares, but this was later changed to the Vicente Calderón Stadium, in honour of their longterm President Vicente Calderón.
Coastal Plain League Columbia Blowfish used the stadium from 2006 until their new stadium was opened in 2014.
The R1,050-million sports facility was ready for use well ahead of the June 2010 World Cup kickoff.
Their previous arena, Thistle Rink, had just burnt down that year.
The rink hosts also figure skating and short track speed skating events in addition to ice hockey games.
It features an Olympic size sheet of ice for hockey, figure skating and open skating, a state-of-the-art fitness center and facilities for gymnastics.
The stadium was demolished in 1974 and replaced by Páirc Uí Chaoimh.
The Imam Reza Stadium is an all-seated football stadium located in Mashhad, Iran.
It is currently used mostly for football matches and athletics events.
It features a 400m 8-lane track, as well as separate areas for long jump/triple jump, high jump, pole vault, discus, hammer, shot put, and javelin.
The Mike Rose Soccer Complex is a complex of 16 soccer fields and one 2,500-capacity stadium located in Memphis, Tennessee.
It served as the home ground for SK Slavia Prague from August 2000 until May 2008 when their new stadium, the Synot Tip Arena, was opened.
It opened in 1973 and is home to the Murray State University Racers football, rifle and women's track and field teams.
The Sportpark Ronhof Thomas Sommer is an association football stadium in the district of Ronhof in Fürth, Bavaria, Germany, and the home ground of 2.
Since then the ground has been used for other matches until 2004.
The KLFA Stadium or Kuala Lumpur Football Association Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium in Cheras, Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia.
The field is a sunken diamond, with the playing surface lying lower than the surrounding seating areas.
The stadium is able to hold 7,500 people.
The architectural firm HKS, Inc. was responsible for the stadium's design, with Walter P Moore working as the Structural Engineer of Record.
It is used mostly for football matches and is the home stadium of FC Zestafoni.
The ground was founded by Parsi cricketers, the Gymkhana fielded the Parsees cricket team during the Bombay Quadrangular and its successor Bombay Pentangular cricket tournaments.
The City of Salina is the primary owner of the center.
The Center hosted the 1991 NCAA Women's Division II Basketball Championship.
The seating capacity of the arena is for 3,870 people.
It is used primarily for rugby union and rugby league, although it has also been used previously for association football and cricket.
Abovyan City Stadium is an all-seater football stadium in Abovyan, Armenia.
It is currently used primarily for football matches.
Uniprix Stadium is the main tennis court at the Canadian Open tournament in Montreal, Quebec.
The arena was also home to the Florida Frenzy indoor football team.
Metallurg Stadium is an all-seater football stadium in Alaverdi, Armenia, Armenia.
Education City Stadium takes the form of a jagged diamond, glittering by day and glowing by night.
It has a capacity of 32,000 spectators.
The Perth SpeedDome is a velodrome in Midvale, Western Australia, Australia.
Hpa-An Stadium also hosts other local and regional football tournaments.
The pitch is surrounded by a 400 m athletics track, which is relatively uncommon in Spanish stadiums.
At present, its former location is the site of portions of Byrd Hall, Parker-Adams Hall and a parking lot.
These plans include a new press box and expanded bleachers for the opposing teams.
The facility is owned by the state of Illinois through the Illinois Sports Facilities Authority, and is operated by the White Sox.
When Duke University returned to Klöckner Stadium on April 17, 2010 stadium capacity was reached again when 8,000 spectators entered the historic venue.
It was replaced by Estádio Giulite Coutinho in 1961.
Estadio Municipal de Chapín is a multi-purpose stadium in Jerez, Spain.
The Teddy Stadium is a sports stadium in Jerusalem.
It is the home stadium of San Cristóbal, a football club which plays in the Dominican Republic First Division.
At the time of its closure, the ground had a capacity of 6,264, of which 1,800 was seated.
Aviva Group Ireland signed a 10-year deal for the naming rights in 2009.
The AstroPlay playing field runs nearly north–south and is at an elevation of 3910 feet above sea level.
It was renovated in 2008 and served as a training pitch for the African Cup teams in Group B.
The existing video board has replaced the north end scoreboard.
Estadio Nacional de Panama, also called Rod Carew Stadium, is a multi-purpose stadium in Panama City, Panama.
A major renovation was started after Granit secured first-ever promotion to Belarusian Premier League in late 2007 and was finished in spring 2009.
Unley Oval, is a multi-use stadium in Unley, an inner southern suburb of Adelaide, South Australia.
In all, Casement Park has hosted eight Ulster football finals.
The pavilion and grandstand at the Kiama Showground has undergone a major re-development which was publicly opened by NSW governor Marie Bashir in August 2009.
There are no remnants of the olympic athletics track.
It is also the home of the Music for the Masses, Australia's largest quiz night.
The stadium has a maximum capacity of 17,468 since its most recent renovation works.
The Moldova national football team played some of their international home matches at the stadium.
The stadium holds 54,600 and has a closable roof.
It also hosted the 2013 Caribbean Series.
Parkside is a football ground in Shotts, Scotland.
Also headquartered in the stadium precinct is Seven Network's digital broadcast centre.
On 21 February 2009 York Park became home to the Tasmanian Football Hall of Fame.
The Central Penn Capitals played at the Expo Center as a member of American Indoor Football in 2016.
In 2011, the arena hosted along with the Başkent Volleyball Hall the FIVB Girls Youth World Championship.
Yoshio Kobayashi and Masatoshi Soh were the architects.
Gargždai Stadium is a multi-use stadium in Gargždai, Lithuania.
The stadium is able to hold 20,400 people  and was built in 1956.
The Victoria Stadium was a football stadium in Wincham, Northwich in the county of Cheshire, England, and was home to Northwich Victoria Football Club until 2012.
Shortly after, the building was leased out to Lakewood Church for use as its main facility.
Equine Arena, 39,200 square feet at floor, 1660 seats
The venue features a press box, chairback seating, a Daktronics scoreboard, and 60-foot long dugouts.
The Erdemli Shooting Range is a firing range located in Erdemli district of Mersin Province, Turkey.
The stadium is able to hold 6,500 people.
The Highland League Cup was won by the club for the first time in 2015–16.
Estadio La Rosaleda is a football stadium in the city of Málaga, in Andalucia, southern Spain.
It is currently used mostly for football matches, on club level by Al-Orobah F.C.
It is currently used for football matches, football training and sport classes of nearby schools and daycare centres.
The arena is used as the center court for the Japan Open Tennis Championships and the Toray Pan Pacific Open held in Ariake Tennis Forest Park.
The Yellowhead Centre is an ice hockey arena located in Neepawa, Manitoba, Canada.
It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home stadium of FC Heilbronn.
It was home to the University of Wyoming Cowboys basketball team from 1928 until 1951 when it was replaced by the War Memorial Fieldhouse.
1860 Munich previously had a 50% share in the stadium, but Bayern Munich purchased their shares for €11 million in April 2006.
It was also used as one of the venues during the 2009 World Men's Handball Championship.
Stadionul Anghel Iordănescu is a multi-use stadium in Voluntari, Romania.
The arena's schedule of concerts and other events began on August 31 with a community choir hosted by Sam Harris.
The ground was not used for any SANFL night games in 2011 with Centrals citing operating costs as the reason.
It was originally built in 1913 on the site of a local college's recreation ground and was significantly redeveloped twice.
Also, the stadium hosted the 2015 Rams Coach Jeff FIsher Celebrity Softball Game in front of a crowd of over 3,000.
Total capacity is 130 including the 90 seats in the Touchdown Club.
Lewis Gymnasium is a 3000-seat multi-purpose arena in Anderson, Indiana, USA on the Anderson University campus.
EPRU Stadium, also known by its original name of Boet Erasmus Stadium, was a stadium in Port Elizabeth, South Africa.
This arena is usually used in badminton tournament.
The stadium was reconstructed in 2002 and holds 27,320 people, all seated.
Foro Sol is a sports and concert venue built in 1993 inside the Autódromo Hermanos Rodríguez in eastern Mexico City.
This match was played as part of the 2010 Rugby League Four Nations tournament.
Marian got revenge over Southern Oregon with a 31-14 win in 2015.
It's an outdook track, opened in 1903 and was the most important velodrome built in Spain during 60 years.
Since 2005, it is home to the Galatasaray Wheelchair Basketball Team.
The ground hosted four more List A matches.
The stadium was built in 1999 and holds 3,200 people.
Both lines are operated by Seibu Railway, the owner of the stadium and the Lions.
Siemens Arena was built in the Vilnius Entertainment Park territory and is the first object of this park, which is still under development.
The first match to be played at A Malata took place on 18 April 1993 when Racing de Ferrol beat Atlético B 3-2.
It is primarily used for American football, and is the home field of the Wake Forest University Demon Deacons.
The upper level has a 10,000-square-foot museum-like display area, open to the public, showcasing the history of Arizona Wildcat athletics.
It serves as home stadium for the HNK Šibenik football club.
Parker Field was a multi-use outdoor stadium in Richmond, Virginia, with a seating capacity of 9,500.
Meadow Park was a football ground in the Whifflet area of Coatbridge, Scotland.
Goodison Park is a football stadium located in Walton, Liverpool, England.
It is primarily used for baseball and is the home field of the four-time champion CSUF Titans baseball team of the NCAA's Big West Conference.
The arena is owned and operated by Fenerbahçe S.K.
Tobagganing also took place in the nearby Heftyebakken, but from 1950 Korketrekkeren became the sole tobogganing hill and Heftyebakken was used for cross-country skiing.
The Kiev Palace of Sports is a sport-concert complex situated in the center of Kiev, Ukraine.
It is currently used mostly for football matches.
K-Park Training Academy is a training ground in the St Leonards area of East Kilbride, South Lanarkshire.
Stadium is a multi-use stadium in Charlotte Amalie, United States Virgin Islands.
Stade Tata-Raphaël is a multi-purpose stadium in Kinshasa, Democratic Republic of the Congo.
On 2 September 2013, Danish public broadcaster DR announced that it had chosen B&W Hallerne as the host venue for the Eurovision Song Contest 2014.
Winds of the storm which caused the damage exceeded 70 mph.
The Estadio Aldo Cantoni is an indoor arena located in the city of San Juan, capital of San Juan Province.
It has a seating capacity of 1,148 people with a Shaw Sports Turf synthetic playing surface.
There is no direct access from the N11.
The arena also contains a training facility.
It replaced their previous stadium, Stade de Gerland, in January 2016.
The Velodrom is an indoor track cycling arena, in the Prenzlauer Berg, locality of Berlin, Germany.
It has also hosted professional sporting competitions.
Gressbanen received artificial turf in 2001 and artificial ice in 2004.
The Estadio José María Minella is a stadium in Mar del Plata, Argentina.
The stadium includes also fan bar-cafe and modern artificial fields.
JASSA Sport Center is an indoor multi-purpose sports arena in Jagodina, Serbia.
The Bergen Ballpark was a proposed 8,000-seat baseball-only stadium in East Rutherford, New Jersey, intended to be the home of the Bergen Cliff Hawks.
In November 2003, the field was renamed Jim Wacker Field in honor of the former Bobcats football coach and director of athletics.
The motion was approved by the municipal council and the stadium took its new name.
In 2014, renovation included a new home clubhouse/locker room and coaches offices along the left-field foul line and additional seating along the right-field line.
The former LSU Tigers boxing team held matches at Parker Coliseum and the Huey P. Long Field House.
Noel was a passionate rugby supporter, and the major grandstand overlooking the field's western sideline is a tribute to his support.
The arena has many programs that accommodate all ages.
The stadium was built in place of the older Estádio Fonte Nova.
It is currently used mostly for football matches, by Troyes AC.
It is aligned nearly due north; the recommended orientation is east-northeast.
It was home to the Southern Utah Thunderbirds baseball team.
Newcastle International Sports Centre is also known as Newcastle Stadium when in use during AFC competitions due to conflicting sponsorship reasons.
It is being developed by Wigan-based developers Greenbank Partnerships, who developed Leigh Sports Village and Olympian Homes.
The ground has hosted four Ranji Trophy matches  in 1956 when Assam cricket team played against Orissa cricket team.
Selçuklu Belediyesi Sport Hall is an indoor multi-purpose sport venue that is located in the Selçuklu, Konya, Turkey.
The stadium has a capacity of 10,000 spectators.
Queensland State Hockey Centre is a multi-purpose stadium in Brisbane, Australia.
The natural grass playing field at Memorial Stadium sits at an approximate elevation of 2,600 feet above sea level.
The stadium was one of the venue for the World Games 2009.
It is home to the Nicholls State Colonels men's and women's basketball teams and women's volleyball team.
The Merck-Stadion am Böllenfalltor is a multi-use stadium in Darmstadt, Germany.
The stadium's capacity is 20,000 and it was completed in 2008 by the Shanghai Construction Group of China.
It is located in the city's Central Business District, adjacent to the Mercedes-Benz Superdome.
An outdoor skating rink, two sets of tennis courts, a playground, wading pool, and a baseball field are also available in the park.
The stadium was built in 1923 and was named after one of Parma's former presidents, Ennio Tardini.
It is the home stadium of the Gaza Sports Club.
Bowen Field at Peters Park is a stadium in Bluefield, Virginia, United States.
Matinée races take place on Monday and Friday with evening race meetings on Wednesday and Saturday nights.
The Yuexiushan Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium in Guangzhou, China, named for its location at the foot of Yuexiu Hill.
Groundbreaking for the $15.55 million venue was held on September 21, 2012, with the first game played on June 17, 2013.
The seating capacity of the arena is 14,000 and is primarily used for basketball, volleyball, boxing and tennis.
The capacity of the arena is 10,275.
Before, the sponsor name was HSBC Arena.
Newtown Park is a football ground in Bo'ness, Scotland.
The arena is also used in the Miss Dominican Republic Pageant.
It was used primarily for soccer, rugby union and football by the University of British Columbia Thunderbirds.
Until the end of the 2011–12 NBL season, HBF Stadium was the home to five time National Basketball League champions the Perth Wildcats.
The stadium holds 14,000 people and was built in 1959.
Arena da Amazônia is a football stadium in Manaus, Amazonas, Brazil, located on the former site of the Vivaldão stadium.
It is the home of Kilmallock GAA club and is one of the main grounds of Limerick GAA's Gaelic football and hurling teams.
It is one of the planned football venues for the 2020 Summer Olympics.
The first reconstruction came in the 1930s from which the Art Deco East and West Stands date.
Stadion Miejski is a football stadium in Łódź, Poland.
It is east of Jinji Lake and is located near the Suzhou Industrial Park.
It is also the training and administration base for the Wests Tigers rugby league club.
It was the home of the Chandigarh Dynamos of the Premier Hockey League.
Each gym spans 11,324 square feet and includes a regulation NCAA court in length with two regulation high school courts in the opposition direction.
The stadium holds up to 4,000 people.
It is located on the Queens Domain less than one kilometre from the CBD.
Volunteer Park is a football ground in Armadale, West Lothian in Scotland.
The record attendance at the ground was set in 1957, when Wrexham hosted a match against Manchester United in front of 34,445 spectators.
Seaview has undergone considerable redevelopment in recent seasons, with new changing rooms, dug-outs and main-stand seats being installed.
It is owned by the City of San Diego and leased to the San Diego Unified School District, which is responsible for its maintenance.
League, provincial, and international soccer games have all been played at the stadium, and it has seen such teams as Brazil, Manchester United and Arsenal play.
Florø stadion is a multi-use stadium in Florø, Norway.
Previously the stadium was named 23 August and Dealul Florilor.
The stadium is equipped with a heated pitch, training pitch, façade lighting, and underground parking.
With a capacity of 10,000 spectators, it is the 3rd-largest stadium in Armenia.
The stadium is 6 1⁄2 miles from Central London.
It hosts indoor sporting events such as basketball, notably the home matched of Juvecaserta Basket of the Lega Basket Serie A.
He won a Leitrim Senior Football Championship with his beloved Mohill in 2006 along with his brothers, starring at full forward.
At the time of its construction, the Palestra was one of the world's largest arenas.
Key renovations to Indian School Park included:
It is currently used mostly for football matches, on club level by PAS Hamedan F.C.
The capacity of the arena for basketball games is 3,000.
Yomra Arena is an indoor multi-purpose sports venue located in Yomra town of Trabzon Province, Turkey.
For a short while it was also home to Bradford F.C.
Since December 31, 1936, Labatt Park has been owned by the City of London.
The stadium opened with two games, one between Cavan and Mayo and the other between Galway and Dublin.
Stade de Moroni is a multi-use stadium in Moroni, Comoros.
Topsportcentrum is an arena, located in Almere, Netherlands.
In 2010, the Bruins ranked 48th among Division I baseball programs in attendance, averaging 1,178 per home game.
The capacity of the stadium has been increased from 68,000 to 85,000 for the FIFA U-17 World Cup.
It replaced Alumni Gymnasium, a 3,200-seat arena-auditorium built in 1931 which had hosted the SEC basketball tournament four times.
It was used mostly for soccer matches, as well as baseball and American football.
The Oasis Leisure Centre is an entertainment and sports complex, situated outside Swindon town centre.
The playing field was natural grass until 2011 when FieldTurf was installed; it sits at an elevation of 335 feet above sea level.
Construction on the stadium began in 1962, and it officially opened in 1965.
In the past, it has hosted several Italy national football team matches and was selected as a reserve stadium for the 1990 World Cup.
Western Park is a recreation reserve on the western side of the West Gippsland town of Warragul, Victoria.
There is a football pitch and a registered track for athletics suitable for competitions.
It is also used sometimes for Top League rugby games.
The stadium is the 2nd largest in Fort Worth proper and is used mainly for football and track & field.
Dugdale Field was a stadium located in Seattle, Washington.
The orange seats that were later added to the grandstands were purchased from the old Fulton County Stadium.
MCU Park is also the home of the New York Empire Ultimate team of the AUDL in 2013.
Features include a concourse with free-standing concession buildings and overhanging fluorescent lamps in different colors, evoking an amusement park atmosphere.
It is used almost exclusively for first-team games and occasionally for reserve-team games.
The center opened May 20, 1984, and hosted the demonstration tennis event of the 1984 Summer Olympics.
A seven-sheet curling rink was constructed in the 1970s following the closure of Haymarket Ice Rink.
Recreation Park was a football ground in Lochgelly, Scotland.
The National Bowling Stadium is a 363,000-square-foot ten-pin bowling stadium in Reno, Nevada.
The camp sites are split into three different sizes allowing for large horse trucks, camper vans and goosenecks through to smaller horse trucks and horse floats.
Prince George's Stadium is a multipurpose sports venue located in Bowie, Maryland primarily used for baseball.
The field is named separately for Judy Johnson, a local Negro league baseball star.
Over the years the club has developed and expanded its facilities into one of the best in the inner city.
FedExForum is an arena located in downtown Memphis, Tennessee.
In addition to the written plans Crowd Management UK delivered a training course for key stadium operators at the Saudi Aramco training facility in Jeddah KSA.
During summer it is used as tennis courts or futsal fields.
It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home ground of ŠK Futura Humenné.
This room can be divided into three smaller meeting rooms, allowing the Huskies to meet as a team or in individual groups.
Suphanburi Football Club is a professional football club based in Suphanburi.
The 2007 and 2011 Southland Conference Softball Tournaments were held at the Bearkat Softball Complex.
An earlier planned arena, named YRT2 Arena, was to have opened in 2008.
It is primarily used for ice hockey, and is the home arena of Nikkō Ice Bucks of the Asia League Ice Hockey.
It was built in 1904 as a general gymnasium and swimming pool, and hosted the basketball team for the first fourteen years of its existence.
It was built with a combination of public and private funding for the Icelandic Games held in the summer of 2004.
In addition, the ground also previously had some leisure centre facilities, including four squash courts which have now been demolished.
The current capacity is now 4,000 seats.
The building offers approximately 2,000 square meters on two levels.
It opened in 1989 and was demolished in 2007, replaced by the Cardiff International Sports Stadium.
Ginásio Paulo Sarasate is an indoor sporting arena located in Fortaleza, Brazil.
It is currently used mostly for association football matches and is the home stadium of Rangers.
Ginásio Municipal Tancredo Neves is an indoor sporting arena located in Uberlândia, Brazil.
It is also a venue for public skating, figure skating, speed skating, curling and ice shows.
Located in the center of the tri-city area of New York's Capital Region, the 'Cats play 38 home games at "The Joe" from June through September.
for the short period they were there.
Redfern Oval is an Australian football ground, in the Sydney suburb of Redfern, New South Wales.
Denny Field is near the northern edge of campus at an approximate elevation of 190 feet above sea level.
It has previously been used by soccer teams and the Saskatoon Hilltops of the CJFL.
The arena is the regular home venue of Belgacom Liège Basket who competes in the Basketball League Belgium.
It is the home of Ravshan Kulob of the Tajik League.
It opened in 1955 and was home to the Eastern Michigan Eagles men's and women's basketball teams until the Convocation Center opened in 1997.
It later served as the home ground for World Series Hockey's local franchise, Chandigarh Comets.
In 2011 it became the new home venue of Jomo Powers F.C., playing in the Western Cape province of Vodacom League.
Estádio Municipal Arsénio Ramos is a multi-use stadium in Boa Vista, Cape Verde, it is used for both football and athletics.
Worcester City Football Club is an English football club based in Worcester, Worcestershire.
It replaced the still-existing Villanova Field House, later renamed the "Jake Nevin Field House," a small arena-auditorium built in 1932.
Estádio Municipal Adérito Sena is a multi-use stadium in Mindelo, Cape Verde.
It is home to the Dartmouth College Big Green men's and women's ice hockey teams.
PalaPentassuglia, or PalaElio, is an indoor arena that is located in Brindisi, Italy.
The stadium was built from 1922 to 1923 for $2.4 million.
Before leaving the building, Gardner and O'Brien decided to form the NHA, which was finalized on December 2.
Cessna Stadium is a 24,000 seat stadium in Wichita, Kansas, United States.
It is used to host indoor sporting events.
Koramangala Indoor Stadium' is an indoor stadium in Koramangala area of Bangalore city in Karnataka.
There will be new HD TVs, projectors, cameras and the same film software capabilities that NFL teams use.
The capacity of the arena is 2,000 people.
It is set to host the 2014–15 Men's World League Final, in December 2015.
It is used mostly for football matches and is the home ground of 1.
It is currently used mostly for football matches.
Grace P. Johnson Stadium at Lumbee Guaranty Bank Field is a 4,000-seat college football stadium located in Pembroke, North Carolina.
Rupert C. Thompson Arena is a 3,500-seat hockey arena in Hanover, New Hampshire.
In 2009, a FieldTurf halo was added around home plate, and the warning track was renovated.
The ground has hosted matches between the Luxembourg national team and various other teams, including the Belgium national team and the MCC.
In 2007 it briefly became home to the Alaska Wild of the Indoor Football League which is now a defunct team.
Beginning with the 2008 athletic year, the Hawks will compete in the National Collegiate Athletic Association Division II Central Intercollegiate Athletic Association as a football-only member.
The stadium is named in honor of former state representative John L. Guidry who was instrumental in the establishment of Francis T. Nicholls Junior College.
It hosted the New Orleans Buccaneers of the American Basketball Association during the 1969–70 season.
Funding for the building, which cost approximately 12 million NIS, came from the National Lottery and Eilat municipality.
After the games, the stadium was turned over to the University of Manitoba and became home to the university's football team and track and field program.
It is currently the home of the Mahoning Valley Scrappers, a Cleveland Indians affiliate in the New York–Penn League.
The main stadium was re-inaugurated in 1999, over the old one, which was built in 1943.
OmaSP Stadion is a football stadium in Seinäjoki, Finland.
Estadio Juan Demóstenes Arosemena is a 25,000 seats baseball field in Panama City, Panama.
Youth, middle school, high school, and adult recreational soccer is held at the complex and is regulated by The East River Soccer Association.
The stadium was originally designed to be the home stadium for the North Sydney Bears rugby league football club.
New video graphics were designed and put in place for the video scoreboard as well.
The Cyprus national football team had also played home games there in the past.
Hiroshima Municipal Stadium, officially called MAZDA Zoom-Zoom Stadium Hiroshima, is a baseball stadium in Minami-ku, Hiroshima, Japan.
On 1 June 2007 the stadium was renamed to Estádio da Madeira after the club reached an agreement with the local government to promote the region.
The stadium co-hosted the 2008 AFF Suzuki Cup.
AstroTurf 2000 was the surface from its opening through the 2007-08 academic year.
There is one small permanent meeting room and one large permanent meeting room.
It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home ground of FK Smederevo 1924.
The intensity of the floodlighting is 1,800 lux.
While maintaining a sense of history and tradition, the UTRGV Fieldhouse has undergone renovations.
Stadio Sandro Cabassi, is a multi-purpose stadium in Carpi, Italy.
These fields, together with the Don Hutson Center, comprise the team's training complex.
In February 1972, English rock group Led Zeppelin held a large open-air concert at the venue as part of its Australasian Tour.
It is currently used mostly for football matches.
It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home ground of Karamanspor.
The site had previously been occupied by Cumberland Oval.
The stadium has a maximum capacity of 50,000 people.
The stadium has hosted 33 first-class matches  in 1976 when Assam cricket team played against Orissa cricket team.
The ProRodeo Hall of Fame inducted the Greeley Stampede in 2014.
Since 2011, Turchin has hosted the Louisiana High School Athletic Association Class 5A state tournament.
Designed by architect Torben Grut, it was opened in 1912, its original use was as a venue for the 1912 Olympic Games.
The storm knocked down trees, power lines and roofs all over Cedar Falls.
It is located in the Motijheel area in the heart of the city.
The Montagne Center, built in 1984, is a 10,746-seat multi-purpose arena in Beaumont, Texas designed especially for the basketball program.
In 2003 its turf was replaced with Sprinturf.
The arena officially opened its doors on 4 September 2013 with Sir Elton John, playing to an audience of 12,000.
By the 1990s, the Astrodome was becoming obsolete.
After that, the program moved into the new Chaifetz Arena at the start of the 2008-2009 season.
The light rail system of Kayseri, Kayseray, passes close to the stadium complex, allowing travelling supporters to reach the new site with ease.
It is used mainly for football and hosts the home matches of Al Fateh and Hajer Club of the Saudi Professional League.
The main tenants of the stadium are the football team Tyresö FF and the American football team Tyresö AFF Royal Crowns.
The ground has also hosted Twenty20 matches when  all in 2010 when Orissa cricket team played against Tripura cricket team.
It was famous for a very steep grandstand which used to sway a little in the regular strong winds that Wellington is famous for.
It is primarily used for ice hockey, and is the home arena of TPS, but it is also frequently used to host concerts and other events.
Wheeler–Watkins Baseball Complex is a baseball venue in Montgomery, Alabama, United States.
It is primarily used for ice hockey, and is the home to the Mountfield HK of the Czech Extraliga.
The Dominican League Of Baseball Authority is in charge of its management.
The Munhak Baseball Stadium, also known as the Incheon SK Happy Dream Park due to sponsorship reasons, is a baseball stadium in Incheon, South Korea.
Stadion Františka Kloze is a multi-use stadium in Kladno, Czech Republic.
It is the regional shopping centre for the Northern Suburbs.
Høddvoll has a capacity for 4,433 spectators, of which 2,600 have been seated.
Smith's Ballpark is a minor league baseball park in the western United States, located in Salt Lake City, Utah.
The field was constructed for the start of the 2001 season, adjacent to the College of Charleston soccer and softball fields.
It is currently used mostly for football matches.
When it opened, the listed seating capacity was 42,865 people and between 1995 and 2001 the team sold out 455 consecutive regular-season games.
The new sports complex would have an astro turf, synthetic track, olympic-size swimming pool, cricket field, hostels and other required facilities.
It has since undergone several redevelopments, most recently beginning in 2011.
In 2011 the Barbadian government estimated the cost to re-engineer the stadiums' running track at 2 million dollars.
Originally the ground had a natural grass pitch, but it was soon replaced with an artificial one because the grass couldn't get enough sun light.
Blundell Park is a football ground in Cleethorpes, North East Lincolnshire, England and home to Grimsby Town Football Club.
The Eihusen Arena is a 7,500-seat multi-purpose arena in Grand Island, Nebraska, USA.
Tim McCarver Stadium was a stadium in Memphis, Tennessee.
Clyde Williams Field was an outdoor stadium on the campus of Iowa State University in Ames, Iowa.
stadium, Christie Park, which was Morecambe's home since 1921.
In addition, there are 1,298 retractable seats.
Lovech Stadium is a football stadium in Lovech, Bulgaria.
Since then, the teams play their home games at the Stadio XXV Aprile.
Douglas Park was then redeveloped as a Sainsbury's supermarket.
It has a total land area of 5.75 hectares.
It has a capacity of 4,500 people and was built in 1973 and renovated in 2011.
Empire Stadium was a multi-purpose stadium that stood at the Pacific National Exhibition site at Hastings Park in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada.
It is used by the active departments of CS Dinamo București.
The stadium is currently able to hold 5,132 people and was built as a one-stand 2,500 seat stadium in 2000, when Nacional moved in.
The stadium has its own ranking system and championship titles up to Middleweight.
The Glenmore Velodrome is a 400m outdoor bicycle racing track in Calgary, Alberta.
It has been the home to the Texas A&M Aggie football team in rudimentary form since 1904, and as a complete stadium since 1927.
George Allen Field is a 1,000 seat soccer stadium on the campus of California State University, Long Beach in Long Beach, California.
The Accra Sports Stadium, formerly named the Ohene Djan Stadium is a multi-use, 39,800  all-seater stadium in Accra.
It is one of only approximately 20 FIFA 2-star fields in Canada.
The Wheat Kings, playing as the host team, advanced to the championship game, but came up short against the heavily favored Windsor Spitfires.
Muhammad Essa was the first man to score an international goal at this venue when he surged Pakistan ahead against India in June 2005.
The stadium was opened in 1962 and had a capacity of 35,000 people.
Bob Dylan performed at the arena during his 2000 European Tour on May 25, 2000.
It was built in 1953 and holds 35,303 people.
It holds a boxing base, a pool, a table tennis base, a gym and a main ground.
In 2007 it hosted one of the two national league final matches, between Suchitepéquez and C.D.
The arena was also host to the 2006 men's and women's College Hockey America conference tournament.
For the later temporary home of Vancouver Whitecaps FC and the British Columbia Lions, see Empire Field.
He replaced the long-serving Cable Cat, who was retired in June 2000.
It was built in 1951 at a cost of $3.1 million, and following renovations in 1984 it was renamed after philanthropist Ben Weingart.
Okinawa Cellular Stadium, originally known as Naha City Ohnoyama Baseball Stadium, is a multi-purpose stadium in Naha, Japan.
Jinan Olympic Sports Centre Gymnasium is an indoor sporting arena located in Jinan, China.
The stadium holds 10,000 people and consists of two large single-tier stands on each side of the pitch.
The ground is mainly used for organizing matches of football, cricket and other sports.
A separate annex was used for the basketball competition at those same games.
The stadium was the home ground of the Reds until they moved to Suncorp Stadium in 2006.
It is currently used for football matches and is the home stadium of Moreirense.
The more commonly used main stand runs down the opposite side of the pitch and hosts the club facilities.
The arena was originally built in 1969, and was renovated in 2014.
McDonald Gym, built in 1958, is located on the campus of Lamar University in Beaumont, Texas.
The stadium has a capacity of 30,660 with 19,060 seats and standing room for 11,034.
In light of the facility's deterioration, a decision was made to build a temporary velodrome for the 1999 Pan-American Games at the Red River Exhibition Park.
Kioene Arena is an indoor sports arena located in Padua, Italy.
The stadium is able to hold 11,499 with parking for 1,000 cars, Sixways has 60 modern meeting and event rooms .
The ground has hosted FA Cup semi-final matches as a neutral venue, and England international fixtures, and was selected as one of eight Euro 96 venues.
The £5M complex was a joint venture between UEFA, the Football Association of Wales, Sport Wales and Newport City Council.
The Charles McClendon Practice Facility is the practice facility for LSU Tigers football.
In the west end the concourse goes through the Horsepower Grill.
The stadium has a capacity of 4,500 spectators and is the home for the Hillsboro Hops, a team in the short season Northwest League.
ZELPO Aréna is a home football stadium in Podbrezová, Slovakia.
The Hiroshima Big Arch, under current sponsorship as Edion Stadium Hiroshima, is a multi-purpose stadium in Hiroshima, Japan.
The stadium is able to hold 18,482 people and opened in 1989.
In February 2010 Munster A played Nottingham R.F.C.
It was initially used as the stadium of Hertha BSC matches.
KR-völlur is a football stadium in Reykjavík, Iceland.
The ground is named after Tommy Conneff, an Irish athlete.
The Arizona Diamondbacks and Chicago White Sox formerly utilized the park for Cactus League games each March and had their minor league complexes on-site.
It was initially used as the stadium of Real Oviedo matches.
It celebrated its 100th anniversary as former city mayor Jerry Abramson's official "Family-Friendly New Years Eve" celebration location.
The original seating in the Butler Bowl was 36,000.
The newly formed Independent Northeast League consisted of six teams all from New York State and was looking to have a presence near New York City.
The "1903 stand" has a capacity of 636 spectators.
Stadion v Městských sadech is a football stadium in Opava, Czech Republic.
It is second largest sports arena in Estonia.
The ground, given the nickname Vila Belmiro due to its location within the Vila Belmiro neighborhood, has been Santos' permanent residence since 1916.
Suspected illegal Somali immigrants were detained in the stadium under poor conditions with lack of access to food and legal assistance.
After the Reds departed for the downtown Civic Center, the Auditorium, for a time, became a tennis venue.
Mosaic Stadium at Taylor Field is an open-air sports stadium located in Regina, Saskatchewan, which was used primarily to play Canadian football.
It is the home ground of GKS Katowice.
The current capacity of the arena for basketball games is 3,534.
The ground has had a capacity of between 30,000 and 33,000, but following a safety audit in 2011 the GAA reduced the authorized capacity to 10,000.
The CIAA hosted its Football Championship game from 2008-2012, and will host again in 2014.
In Mal Meninga's last match, 8,000 people saw the Kangaroos run out 74-0 winners.
The Georgia State Baseball Complex is a baseball venue in Decatur, Georgia, United States.
In 1992 it was all bulldozed for a garage for the new Raymond F. Kravis Center for the Performing Arts .
The Barasat District Sports Stadium, also known as Vidyasagar Krirangan, is a football stadium located in Barasat, on the outskirts of Kolkata, West Bengal.
Lambert Park is a purpose-built soccer stadium in Leichhardt, New South Wales, Australia.
The Jan Smuts Stadium is an athletics and football stadium in the Arcadia suburb of East London, Buffalo City.
It is currently the home stadium of Paykan and Rah Ahan.
It is currently the home stadium of QNK Quang Nam F.C..
The field itself has been in use by the team since 1958, and was named for the former player in 1997.
The original facility debuted in 1975 and has undergone several significant expansions since opening.
The Canada Stadium in Ramat HaSharon is the main tennis venue in Israel and is used mainly by the Israeli Davis Cup and Fed Cup teams.
The Sportatorium was 26 miles from downtown Miami and 23 miles from downtown Fort Lauderdale.
It is owned by Municipality of Castel di Sangro, and its primary use is for home games of the A.S.D.
Nakhon Ratchasima FC moved into the stadium in June 2008 having previously played at the Central stadium, Nakhon Ratchasima.
Jack Russell Memorial Stadium is a stadium in Clearwater, Florida.
The stadium seats 80,000, making it tied as the fifth largest stadium in the NFL by seating capacity with the Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum.
It is currently used mostly for football matches and was the home stadium of Academia FC.
Αnorthosis Famagusta FC, known as Anorthosis, is a Cypriot football, futsal and volleyball club.
It became the third home venue for the Rapids upon its opening in 2007.
The Colchester Legion Stadium has six team dressing rooms, an officials room and first aid room.
It also serves as the second home stadium and training ground for Melaka United.
It is the home arena of domestic KK Smederevo 1953, OK Smederevo Carina, RK Smederevo as well as other sports clubs from Smederevo.
Estádio da Madeira, formerly named Estadio Eng.
The Toronto Rifles of the Continental Football League played at the venue for their first season in 1965.
The stadium is on the south side of South Street, the block south of the site of the former RCA Dome.
The main tenant of the stadium will be Ala'ab Damanhour.
The complex was re-opened for a concert by Lady Antebellum on June 1, 2013.
Mathewson was on the Walter Camp All-American football team as a kicker while a student at Bucknell.
It is located on the Texas Tech University campus, adjacent to Jones AT&T Stadium and Fuller Track.
Glaspalast Sindelfingen is an indoor arena, in Sindelfingen, Germany.
The stadium is also closely located to the city's main train station Kiev Passenger.
The Yale Bowl is currently the largest university-owned stadium by capacity in the second tier of college football, NCAA Division I FCS..
Alumni Field is an outdoor football, rugby and soccer stadium located at York University in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.
Originally the home of Wake Forest women's basketball, Reynolds Gym currently plays host to the women's volleyball program, something it has done since 1971.
The memorial of the Hungarian Ice Hockey Hall of Fame is also found at the City Park Ice Rink since its inauguration in February 2012.
It is home to National Premier Leagues Queensland team Brisbane City FC.
Over the decades since 1926, it has established itself as the leading venue for Munster hurling followers, hosting the Munster Hurling Final on many memorable occasions.
Completed in 1972, the arena seated 16,378 for basketball and 15,278 for hockey.
The centerspot was recreated cosmetically as the real centerspot was built over.
Ali Sami Yen Sports Complex or Ali Sami Yen Spor Kompleksi is a new multi-purpose sports complex in the Şişli district of Istanbul, Turkey.
The stadium opened in 1959 as Manatee Junior College Field.
In 2010, a Texas University Interscholastic League playoff game was played featuring Mesquite Horn high school and the technical host Longview.
It is currently used mostly for football matches.
The park is named after for local newspaper industrialist, George F.McCulloch, who gave the 118 acres of land to the city for a park in 1892.
Udupi District Stadium or Ajjarakadu Mahatma Gandhi District Stadium is a multi-purposed stadium located in Udupi, Karnataka.
It is currently used mostly for baseball games and was the home stadium of Samsung Lions between 1982 and 2015.
Zavrč Sports Park is a football stadium in Zavrč, Slovenia.
In early 2008, the south end zone bleachers, another remnant of the old stadium, were razed as part of a two-phase renovation of the facility.
From 1929, a velodrome course was installed, which remained in use until 1940.
Seating capacities are 3,000 for rodeos and horse shows, 5,500 for hockey and basketball, 5,200 for boxing and wrestling and up to 4,700 for concerts.
Kōrakuen Hall is an arena in Bunkyo, Tokyo, Japan, which has hosted many boxing, lethwei, professional wrestling, kickboxing and mixed martial arts matches.
It is the home stadium of Premier League club Swansea City and the Ospreys rugby team.
In the summer of 2008, new FieldTurf was installed to replace the old AstroTurf.
Vis Pesaro 1898 of Serie D. It opened in 1927 and holds 4,898 spectators.
Apollo Stadium was a multi-purpose indoor arena located at 41 Kingston Avenue, Richmond, South Australia, just 5 minutes from the Adelaide city centre.
The ground opened on 2 January 1910 and hosted the 1915 Copa del Rey Final when Athletic Bilbao defeated RCD Español with 5-0.
It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home stadium of Knattspyrnudeild UMFG.
The stadium is just west of Gene Hooks Field at Wake Forest Baseball Park, home of the Wake Forest baseball team.
It was opened in 1937 and sat 12,000 people at its peak.
Opened in 1996, the arena has a capacity of 18,000.
Along with the field, the facility features batting cages and permanent seating behind home plate.
Additionally, an irrigation system and scoreboard have been added since 2001, and the infield has been renovated.
This field had an artificial FieldTurf surface, installed in 2004.
The stadium is home for Chhattisgarh's first professional sports team called Raipur Rangers which plays in Champions Tennis League.
In 2007, the city of Evansville hired a professional consultant to examine whether the stadium should be renovated or replaced with a new downtown arena.
A Confederate cemetery lies behind the building.
The stadium opened in 1926 as a multi-sport venue of the domestic sport giant Botev Plovdiv.
It opened in 1907 and was home to the Syracuse University Orangemen football team prior to the Carrier Dome opening in 1980.
It is home to the Minnesota State Mavericks men's ice hockey team and hosts musical performances, conventions and other events.
The stadium hosts Nelson Mandela University Madibaz Rugby home matches, including Varsity Cup matches.
The stadium is now owned and operated by South Dublin County Council with Shamrock Rovers as the anchor tenants.
In tennis, the arena hosts some of the matches of Porsche Tennis Grand Prix, on a clay court designated as "Court 1".
Located in Bromont, Quebec, the Bromont Velodrome is a 250 meter outdoor cycling track.
The stadium is home to the Creighton Bluejays men's and women's soccer teams.
Cowgirl Diamond is the home stadium for the Division I McNeese State Cowgirls softball team.
The stadium was able to hold 25,000 spectators at its peak.
It is the home ground of Ealing Trailfinders Rugby Club and London Broncos rugby league club.
Its main focus is ice hockey, but also regular indoor sports facilities currently utilized by Handball, Floorball and more.
The field is home to the UMBC Retrievers baseball team of the NCAA Division I America East Conference.
The stadium's official capacity was 57,363, but the real capacity was only 48,000 seats.
Empire Stadium was often home to the Shrine Bowl Provincial Championship for provincial senior high school.
Dravograd Sports Centre is a multi-purpose stadium in Dravograd, Slovenia.
It is currently used mostly for football matches and serves as the home stadium for AS Beauvais Oise and Red Star F.C..
The ballpark is still often referred to as "The Jake", based on its original name.
This sports hub includes commercial center, gymnasium, aquatics facility, arena and many more.
Kaiser Permanente Arena is an indoor arena located in Santa Cruz, in the U.S. state of California.
It has seen use in a variety of sports, particularly soccer and American football.
It was built in 1955 and was the home court for the school's men's basketball program until 1972.
It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home stadium of Atlético Chiriquí.
The Club has 38 tennis courts in all four surfaces, a junior Olympic-size swimming pool and other amenities.
The name "Southwest University" is applied as a corporate sponsor, and not as the home stadium of the University.
The namesake of the arena comes from William Knapp, who is the chairman of Iowa Realty and a member of the Drake University Board of Trustees.
The venue's name changed in 2015, when UTRGV began operation following the merger of UTPA and the nearby University of Texas at Brownsville.
New George V Stadium is a football stadium in Curepipe, Mauritius.
Beyond centerfield is the adjacent Manning Field, which replaced the old Manning Bowl.
It is home to Connecticut Wildcats of the American National Rugby League.
The school installed an artificial turf field in 2014.
The arena is known for its international-specification ice rink instead of the more traditional NHL specifications.
Memorial Stadium, completed the following year, was built a short distance to the southeast of Clark Field.
For it to reflect the tradition of the city of Zeugma, Commagene, outside walls of the stadium are covered with mosaic.
This all-seated affair was the first non-smoking stand within a professional football ground in Germany.
Estadio de Bata is a multi-use stadium in Bata, Equatorial Guinea.
Following the Coburg Football Club's admission to the Victorian Football Association in 1925, the grandstand was constructed, and was officially opened in March 1926.
Conaty Park is a baseball venue in Smithfield, Rhode Island, United States.
The stadium is expandable to 18,000+ seating capacity in three phases and is currently built to its Phase 1 design.
Rangpur Stadium is a cricket and football ground near Police Lines School and College and Islampur Jame Mosque in the city of Rangpur, Bangladesh.
Rajarathinam Stadium is a stadium located on Marshalls Road in Egmore, Chennai, Tamil Nadu, India, and is owned by the state police department.
The arena opened in 1988, and is part of Duquesne University.
It is used mostly for football matches and is the home ground of the Slovenian Third League team NK Ivančna Gorica.
Janet Jackson performed there on 13 May 1998 as part of her The Velvet Rope Tour.
The first basketball event at the arena saw the NKU men's and women's basketball teams play Louisville on November 8, 2008.
It was reopened for a Severina concert in December 2013.
It is currently used mostly for football matches.
The field itself featured a large playing surface, with the batting cage placed in the deepest part of center field during games.
The center has an indoor capacity of 35,000 sq.
The venue is mainly used for basketball, indoor athletics and concerts.
The slightly oval building is located directly to the north of Tiger Stadium, and its bright-white roof can be seen in many telecasts of that stadium.
It was the home ground of Caledonian F.C.
The first U-21 match was played in 1981.
The arena has capacity for an audience of 12,000.
In 1903, the stadium hosted it’s a cricket match when home side Bundelkhand cricket team played against Oxford University Authentics.
Blackham hosted the Southland Conference men's basketball tournament in 1982.
The name of the ground was changed to Tannadice when Dundee Hibernian took over the lease in 1909.
Whilst the facility is primarily used for football matches, it has often been the host of Highland Games in the past.
The stadium was a confirmed venue for the 2017 Africa Cup of Nations before Libyia's role as host of the tournament was cancelled in August 2014.
It is due to open in 2020.
The ground is situated on the street ul.
It also hosted the professional Miami Dolphins for their first 21 seasons, until the opening of Joe Robbie Stadium in nearby Miami Gardens in 1987.
TDECU Stadium cost USD$128 million to build.
The Tribute Communities Centre was constructed to replace the Oshawa Civic Auditorium.
It was the home ground of Dundee Harp, and was used by Dundee Wanderers at the start of the 1894–95 season.
Yomiuri Giants Stadium is a baseball stadium in Kawasaki, Kanagawa, Japan.
It is located on 60th Avenue and its intersection with 118th Street.
Construction started in 2006, and the stadium opened on 15 April 2007, replacing Kristiansand Stadion as Start's home ground.
Within the latter type, the hairs occur in structures called pilosebaceous units, each with hair follicle, sebaceous gland, and associated arrector pili muscle.
The stadium was the home of the South Georgia Peanuts, of the South Coast League, prior to the folding of the league in 2008.
Merchiston Park was a football ground in Bainsford, near Falkirk, which was the home of East Stirlingshire F.C.
It is the home ground of Enniskillen Gaels and the County ground of Fermanagh GAA.
Built in 2011, the stadium was the home venue for the Washington Kastles tennis team.
The stadium holds 10,500 people and was built in 1949.
Although they still exist, it is planned that baseball and softball fields will serve as the site of a new track and field facility.
The venue hosted the 2003 Asian Cycling Championships.
The Valascia will then be demolished as it is located in a potential avalanche path.
The rebuilt multi-sport stadium, when reconstruction was completed in the summer of 1954, would become known as "Memorial Stadium".
It has been the home ground of former League of Ireland club Monaghan United since 1987.
Jara was tortured and killed at the Estadio Chile on 15 September 1973.
It is the home of Desportiva Ferroviária.
The Brisbane Showgrounds was designed by Claude William Chambers and built by Walls & Juster.
International rugby league matches have also taken place at the venue.
The record attendance for a sporting event is 12,000.
The total capacity is 2,500, including 600 seated.
Konosu Stadium is an athletic stadium in Konosu, Saitama, Japan.
Dean Smith was the Tar Heels' coach for their entire tenure in Carmichael.
Chessa Field is the women's soccer field of the Ohio Bobcats.
Smaller rooms, Saddlback room and Surf Beach room seat 80 people combined, as well as the Kendall room seating a further 35 patrons.
Schönebürgstadion is an arena in Crailsheim, Germany.
The ballpark hosted the Caribbean Series in 2010 and 2014.
As success continued into Southern Conference play in the 1930s, the capacity of the Tin Can proved insufficient to meet the increased interest in the team.
It is home to the Lehigh Mountain Hawks baseball team of the NCAA Division I Patriot League.
It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home stadium of Thai Airways-Ban Bueng.
The ground has pavilion with a seating capacity of 300 along with three turfs wicket and all the modern facilities.
The city has been famous due to its port and pirate lore.
Fujihokuroku Park Stadium is an athletic stadium in Fujiyoshida, Yamanashi, Japan.
The stadium will be the home ground for Baroda Cricket Association.
The Sukhothai Institute of Physical Education Stadium or Sukhothai Province Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium in Sukhothai Province, Thailand, built to host the Sukhothai F.C.
Mtskheta Park is a multi-use stadium in Mtskheta, Georgia.
The venue attendance record for ice hockey was set on 12 November 2008, when Malmö Redhawks hosted Leksands IF in front of 13,247 people.
It is currently the home of the Rochester Raiders of American Indoor Football.
Sirrine Stadium is a stadium in Greenville, South Carolina, United States.
It is due to open in 2017 the value of construction work of the stadium about 280 million euros it will be no athletics track.
It also hosts the annual Calhoun County High School Basketball Tournament held each January, in which all high school basketball teams in Calhoun County, Alabama compete.
First Data Field is a baseball stadium located in Port St. Lucie, Florida.
The Stade de Paris is an 10,000-capacity football stadium in Saint-Ouen, Seine-Saint-Denis in the northern suburbs of Paris.
It had a capacity of 15,000 to 18,000, depending on usage.
The result of a cooperation between the cities of Neu-Ulm and Ulm, the arena was opened in December 2011, and also hosts concerts and other events.
LU Ice Arena serves as the home for LU Lindenwood Lions Men's and Women's ice hockey teams and LU synchronized skating team.
The match between the Polish national football team and the Portuguese team ended with a 0–0 draw.
In April 2009, the University announced a major renovation for the auditorium.
The capacity of the stadium was 12,000 spectators.
An outline application was lodged with Bridgend County Borough Council in September 2009 [1].
It is the home of the Georgia Tech Yellow Jackets men's basketball and Yellow Jackets women's basketball teams.
The Landstede Sportcentrum is a complex located in Zwolle, Netherlands, which is used as a sports arena and was opened in 2010.
The original announcer's booth became a spotter's nest, for both home and visiting teams.
The ground has also been used by North Wales Crusaders rugby league club, Scarlets rugby union club and Liverpool Reserves.
Since 2007, Chuck Noll Field has hosted the Pittsburgh Steelers training camp.
The Intake Ground was a football ground in Doncaster in England.
Between 1999-2008, the Coliseum was home to the Wayne State University Warriors ice hockey team.
A new all-time attendance record was set on June 17, 2006, when 7,567 packed the stadium for a Rock Cats regular-season game against the Akron Aeros.
It also hosted the University's wrestling and Men's and Women's Gymnastics teams.
It is one of six facilities to host Arizona Fall League games.
Al-Assad Sports Arena is located in the central al-Jamiliyah district of Aleppo.
It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home ground of CD Castellón.
Built in 1951, the venue hosted the 2007 Black Sea Games.
It is used for football matches and it is the home ground of LKS Nieciecza.
The Estadio Nacional of Peru is a multi-purpose stadium located in Lima, Peru.
Built on the site of the earlier New Meadowbank and Old Meadowbank sports venues, it was originally built to host the 1970 Commonwealth Games.
It lies on the banks of the River Rhine, just metres from the border with Switzerland.
The Peterborough Memorial Centre is a 4,329-seat multi-purpose arena in Peterborough, Ontario, Canada.
The capacity of the stadium was 4,000 spectators.
The highest ever recorded attendance when 69,305 spectators saw a championship match between Colo-Colo and Club Universidad de Chile in 1992.
Additional construction funding was raised from the sale of Stadium Builder's Licenses to Eagles season ticket holders.
The Wind-Del Velodrome is a 250m outdoor bicycle racing track located in Windham Centre, Ontario, and is one of only three velodromes in the province.
The stadium hosted Sukma Games in 1990, which Sarawak won.
The Moselstadion is a football and athletics stadium in Trier, Germany.
It was built as a Works Progress Administration project in 1936, and it is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The park was built on the site of the former Sulphur Dell, a minor league ballpark in use from 1870 to 1963.
Estádio Presbítero Bartolomé Grella is a multi-use stadium in Paraná, Argentina.
Since 2002, the Arena has been home to the Binghamton Senators, who are affiliated with the Ottawa Senators of the National Hockey League.
Stade Sabathé is a multi-use stadium in Montpellier, France.
The only part of the old ground that Hamilton Academical retained was the floodlights.
Architects Enrique Hermoso and Paloma Huidobro projected a High-Tech style new arena that was built at the same place between 2002 and 2005.
The McMurtrey Aquatic Center opened in June 2004.
The Giants hold their major league and minor league training operation at the two facilities.
Local rugby union club Lyon OU moved in beginning of 2017, replacing their much smaller stadium Matmut Stadium.
The park was built between 1935 and 1937 through the Federal Emergency Relief Administration.
It held the 1904 SAFA Grand Final between Port Adelaide and Norwood with the latter winning the match.
Famous for the intense atmosphere it breeds, the south terrace has been nicknamed the "Yellow Wall".
It was longest indoor track in the world.
Lackawanna County sold the naming rights to PNC Bank on February 1, 2007, and the stadium became known as PNC Field.
The stadium has a maximum capacity of 18,000 people and was built in 1943.
It also regularly hosted FA Cup Semi Finals and replays between 1889 and 1938.
The design features a futuristic exterior, clad in aluminium and an interior of wood.
Consolidated Credit Union Place is a multi purpose facility that opened in two stages in April 2006 in the City of Summerside, Prince Edward Island, Canada.
It held two matches of the 2006 UEFA European Under-21 Football Championship, Serbia & Montenegro 0-1 Germany and Portugal 0-2 Serbia & Montenegro.
Included in the upgrade plans are installing new artificial turf, a new scoreboard, additional parking, and additional tailgating areas.
It is not to be confused with the nearby 50,000 capacity Kim Il-sung Stadium.
Community Field is a stadium in Burlington, Iowa.
The stadium hosted its first major event on August 31, 2013, when the 49ers defeated the Campbell Fighting Camels.
The Racecourse Ground is a stadium located in Wrexham, North Wales.
The official opening day saw world cup winning captain Martin Johnson open the club and grounds.
Henley was renovated to enable the Lakeland Tigers to play at the historic ballpark during the 2002 season.
In 1994–95, Independence Stadium was home to the Shreveport Pirates of the Canadian Football League, which was undergoing U.S. expansion at the time.
from 1931 until the club folded in 1983.
The McKale Center was named in honor of J.F.
The arena opened in 1994 and was known as Kiel Center until 2000 and Savvis Center from 2000 to 2006.
The ground has five more matches till date.
The second development stage of Lark Hill, to expand the Australian rules football facilities, was dropped from the Rockingham City 10-year business plan.
The stadium is the home of the Pioneers football team of Tusculum College.
Estadio Jaraguay is a multi-use stadium in Montería, Colombia.
Parts of Braves Field, such as the entry gate and right-field pavilion, remain as portions of the current stadium.
In December 2012, the club has used its origin name Rakhine United F.C..
Stadion GKS Katowice is a football stadium at Silesian Culture and Recreation Park in Chorzów, Poland.
The stadium is one of the best available to clubs at Hunslet's level.
It has a capacity of 35,558 spectators.
The Pete Hanna Center opened on October 18, 2007 with a lecture by best-selling author Walter Isaacson.
Porirua Park also has a Softball field located at the western end of the park.
Before conversion to an all-seater stadium, the ground had a capacity of 50,000 people.
The velodrome is operated by a non-profit 501(c)(3) organization Velodrome Fund., Inc that promotes competitive cycling, youth fitness, and adult wellness activities for the Lehigh Valley.
It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home ground of Stade Gabèsien and AS Gabès of the Tunisian Ligue Professionnelle 1.
The combined team used Norwood Oval as their home ground.
The RFPRA provides staffing for athletic events and pays for facility maintenance.
David Bowie performed, on two consecutive nights, at the stadium during his Glass Spider Tour on 7–8 July 1987.
The University holds its commencement ceremonies every December and May inside the arena.
The OSiR Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium in Słubice, Poland, home of the IV liga football club Polonia Słubice.
The stadium is located three miles from the Riverchase Galleria, one of the south's largest shopping centers.
Field is a multi-purposed playground located in Jorhat, Assam.
The John Labatt Centre, which opened on October 11, 2002, was named after John Labatt, founder of the Labatt brewery in London.
He played in the major leagues for ten seasons, all with the Brooklyn Dodgers.
The venue is used for several events, like cricket and football.
In the beginning it was used by the Sokolsko drustvo Kumanovo, whose purpose was to develop sport and recreation in Kumanovo.
However, the building itself is still referred to as the Veterans Memorial building.
The stadium is in an area of Mashhad that belongs to the Astan Quds Razavi, a charitable foundation which manages the Imam Reza shrine.
North End Stadium is a multi-use stadium in Port Elizabeth, Eastern Cape, South Africa.
It was torn down in 1989 and parking affiliated with The Miriam Hospital now occupies the site.
It is part of the Legion Sports Complex and it is the home of the Wilmington Hammerheads of the Premier Development League.
In addition, Aggie Stadium features the state-of-the-art Joseph and Kathleen Bryan Fitness and Wellness Center.
The stadium was built by Badrinath Durga, who has been committed to the social development of Livorno for many years.
The arena floor measures 23,016 square feet; there are two meeting rooms.
Hindu Gymkhana organises several tournaments such as Purshottam Shield Cricket Tournament which is the oldest tournament statrt in 1912 that it organises.
Then-Alaska governor Sarah Palin vetoed $1 million for planning of the structure from the fiscal year 2008 capital budget.
It was inaugurated on 23 August 1930.
The Dunn–Oliver Acadome is a 7,400-seat multi-purpose arena in Montgomery, Alabama.
It also regularly hosted FA Cup Semi Finals and replays between 1889 and 1938.
Campo da Rainha was a football ground in Porto, Portugal, which served as the home ground of FC Porto.
It has a seating capacity of 5,000 people.
It is the home of Sheffield United.
Sale Sharks' 'A' team, the Sale Jets, still play at Heywood Road.
It has twenty three International Tennis Federation standard tennis courts, including the centre court and two showcase courts, representing all playing surfaces.
Digvijay Stadium is a multi purpose stadium in Rajnandgaon, India.
The current grandstands were built following the 2014-15 season's conclusion.
Featuring fieldstone stands with flagstone benches built into the hillside, the park was originally a Depression-era project of the Public Works Administration.
This indoor stadium is located just beside the Eden Gardens.
In 2015, it hosted the World Sprint Speed Skating Championships.
It hosted the 2008 Red River Athletic Conference Baseball Tournament and the 2007 NAIA Region IV Tournament.
During the 1988 Summer Olympics, it hosted some football preliminary matches.
It remained largely unused by the first squad until its demolition in 1994, when a shopping mall was built on the site.
The Mỹ Đình National Stadium is a multi-use stadium in Mỹ Đình suburban commune, Từ Liêm District, Hanoi.
It opened on 1 September 1918 as the second grass pitch in Norway and the first in Oslo.
Plans are currently under way to expand the stadium to 40,000 spectators.
The stadium was built in 1954 and is able to hold a seating capacity of 3,200 people.
Organizers intend to keep the Space City Classic at Delmar in the future.
Godswill Akpabio was the immediate past governor of the state.
The stadium is the home team american football representative of the university, the Linces Lomas Verdes.
Rabemananjara Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium in Mahajanga, Madagascar.
The stadium is named for the street on which it is located, Figueira de Melo Street.
The minor league Miami Marlins baseball team occasionally played games in the Orange Bowl from 1956 to 1960.
They played 92 innings and the score was 119-81 as the team representing the St. Louis Browns beat the team representing the St. Louis Stars.
The SAP Arena is one of the largest in Germany and one of the most high-tech in Europe.
The stadium is owned by the government of Iraq.
It can also be used as a concert venue.
Stride Place, formerly known as the Portage Credit Union Centre, is a multipurpose sports and recreation complex located in Portage la Prairie, Manitoba, Canada.
The ballpark has had over 2 million fans in attendance during the RailCats team history.
From 2002-2009, it hosted the Omaha Lancers of the USHL.
Its construction is marked with a large copper cap that has turned brown over time.
The University of Arkansas resumed hosting in 2010 and was the event site in 2011, 2013 and 2015.
In 2011 the sponsorship agreement between the city of Cheyenne and the restaurant chain Taco John's expired.
The ground was also host for Ranji One Day Trophy between Karnataka cricket team and Hyderabad cricket team in 1995.
The Lincoln Park Grounds, commonly known as Union Grounds, were a former baseball park located in Cincinnati, Ohio.
It is home to the UTEP Miners of Conference USA, and the late December college football bowl game, the Hyundai Sun Bowl.
The arena can seat between 5,000 and 7,500 depending on the type of event.
It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home stadium of A.D. San Carlos.
These training venues were used by World Cup participants for practices, practice matches and other training, before their games at the city's Nelson Mandela Bay Stadium.
It is home to the Howard University Bison football and soccer teams.
The BayArena is a football stadium in Leverkusen, North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany, which has been the home ground of Bundesliga club Bayer Leverkusen since 1958.
Yager Stadium at Moore Bowl is a sport stadium in Topeka, Kansas.
Central Stadium of Jonava is a multi-purpose stadium in Jonava, Lithuania.
The stadium holds 4,167 and was built in 1995.
It is currently used mostly for football matches.
The ground was the host of 2015 ACC Twenty20 Cup along with Sharjah Cricket Stadium as well as 2009 ACC Twenty20 Cup.
Today, Čelik is in the Football Association of Bosnia and Herzegovina and is active in the Premier League of Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Louis' son, Matthew, succeeded him in the post and continues to hold it as of July 2016.
It is home to the Robert Morris University Colonials football team.
St. Brendan's Park is a GAA stadium in Birr, County Offaly, Ireland.
It was also one of four stadiums to host the 2015 UEFA European women's under-19 Football Championship and the final of the tournament.
The Grotenburg-Stadion is a multi-use stadium in Krefeld, Germany.
Between the 1950s and 2009 the word was normally written as "Staaien".
Mackenzie Stadium is a baseball venue located in Holyoke, Massachusetts.
It is currently used by the football team Sport Áncash and Sport Rosario.
It is the home ground of Toulouse Olympique Broncos.
The centre has six pitches for different things and hosts a variety of activities, football, rugby and athletics.
The field was located at the intersection of 10th Street and 7th Avenue at the southern edge of the University of Alabama campus.
It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home ground of Altrincham and Manchester United Reserves.
In the future, the stadium will be renovated according to the UEFA stadium standards up to the third category.
The whole stadium project was completed in 2006 at a cost of £390 million.
– in the same year, it got the right to host the 2011 Men's European Basketball Championship.
Attapeu Stadium is a sports stadium in Attapeu, Laos.
defeated Nakhon Ratchasima Sports School in the first round of the same competition.
The stadium held 33,000 people at its peak.
The stadium, which seats 9,581 people, is located in the port city of Altamira in the state of Tamaulipas.
The arena is part of a 20-acre section of the campus known as the College Park District.
It has served as the host of the Colonial Athletic Association Women's Basketball Tournament since the 2010-2011 season.
Each level hosts different NCAA Division I sports for St. Francis College and nine of its nineteen teams call The Pope home.
It has seats for 1,500 people with facilities available for up to 2,300 people.
There are 200 seats in a small wooden stand on one side of the park.
In the 2016-17 league season, Independiente drew an average home attendance of 25,000.
The Robert Guertin Centre is a 4,000 capacity multi-purpose arena in Gatineau, Quebec, Canada.
It is named after the Italian rower and war hero Giuseppe Sinigaglia, a native of Como.
In mid-season 1983 it was renamed for former major league player Sal Maglie, who played college ball for Niagara.
Korakuen Stadium was a stadium in Tokyo, Japan.
Many of the seats on one end of the arena have obstructed views, which results in poor sightlines for ice hockey.
The Gym was home to Black Bears Basketball from 1935 to 1989, before moving some games to Bangor Auditorium.
It has a capacity of 2.100 spectators.
While the ground has a technical capacity of 5,500, the safety certificate only allows 3,000 at present, due partly to damaged terracing.
The stadium has a capacity of 12,000 and was built in 1981.
The arena originally had seating for 2,863 until 1989 when it was expanded to its current size of 5,000.
It was inaugurated in 1992, and it is owned by Paranavaí City Hall.
The John B. Schuerholz Baseball Complex is a baseball venue located in Towson, Maryland, United States.
The Pitch itself was also weather proofed with a new high volume drainage system installed.
Its seating capacity is 18,700 for football and over 25,000 for full arena concerts.
The Hoover Met hosted the Alabama Crimson Tide during the 2015 season while its on-campus stadium in Tuscaloosa, Sewell–Thomas Stadium, underwent major renovations.
It is the currently the home of FC Goa and the Churchill Brothers.
For gymnastics meets, the capacity is 2,800.
Cido Arena is the largest multifunctional arena in Panevėžys, Lithuania.
It has a capacity of 15,000, and is the home stadium of Nay Pyi Taw F.C.
Sullivan Athletic Center is a 3,000-seat multi-purpose arena on the campus of DePaul University in Chicago, in the U.S. state of Illinois.
It has replaced the Stade Nungesser as VAFC's home stadium.
Shin-Kiba 1st Ring is an arena in Tokyo, which holds 290 people.
Nakhon Sawan Sport School Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium in Nakhon Sawan province , Thailand.
The Sultan Ismail Nasiruddin Shah Stadium is a multipurpose stadium in Kuala Terengganu, Terengganu, Malaysia.
The Netanya Stadium is a multi-use stadium in Netanya.
The smaller arena was named for Rex Stimers, a popular sportscaster with local radio station CKTB for a period of 32 years beginning in 1934.
LG Champion's Park is a multi-purpose sports facility in Icheon, South Korea.
Pavelló Municipal Font de San Lluís is an indoor arena that is located in Valencia, Spain.
In addition, upgrades were made to the Friends of Friar room, a new training room, new office space, updated locker rooms, and updated concession areas.
The Lütfullah Aksungur Sports Hall is an indoor arena for handball competitions located in Adana, Turkey.
Jackie Robinson Stadium is located off-campus, on the west side of the Interstate 405 freeway, on the grounds of the Los Angeles Veterans Health Administration.
It replaced the former National Stadium on the recommendation of then Community Development and Sports Minister Abdullah Tarmugi in Parliament in 2001.
The Nagasaki Saints played some home games there.
It is the only domed high school football stadium in the United States.
It is the successor of Campo del Prado de San Sebastián.
It is currently used for football matches and is the home stadium of Terrassa FC.
It hosted the College Hockey America 2002, 2008, and 2010 men's conference tournaments and the 2004 and 2008 women's conference tournaments.
The arena inside is called the Ed Lumley Arena, named for Ed Lumley.
There is also a 3,000-square-foot weight room located in the lower level of the Coliseum.
Their official name is Guangdong Dongguan Bank.
Thomond Park is a stadium located in Limerick in the Irish province of Munster.
It is currently used as a home ground of Gomel.
Recreation Building, or Rec Hall as it is more commonly known, is a field house located on the University Park campus of the Pennsylvania State University.
Samutsongkhram Stadium is a multi-use stadium in Samut Songkhram province, Thailand.
Arden Street Oval is a sports oval in North Melbourne, Victoria.
The stadium holds 17,924 people since the most recent renovation works.
It is used to host indoor sporting events and hosts the Cuba men's national volleyball team.
The Winfield Dunn Center is a 132,000 square-foot facility, located on the main campus of Austin Peay State University in Clarksville, Tennessee.
After the war it was reopened in 1948. the stadium received a complete roof in 1964.
The stadium is located in the Park of Sport Complex Dynamo along with Dynamo Grand Arena, Dynamo Manage, Dynamo Hockey School, and other sports facilities.
It is owned by the government Physical Education Organization and has a seating capacity of 14,000.
Hepner–Bailey Field at Adamson Stadium is an American football stadium, located in California, Pennsylvania.
The arena is located in Knalleland and is very close to the newly built athletics hall Ryahallen.
The club merged with Hamar AIL in 1946 to form Ham-Kam.
It is currently used mostly for football matches.
Taylor Field was named for Herbert B. Taylor, a supporter of Campbell University's athletics programs.
In 2015 the reconstruction of the stadium began, and completed on 24 May 2017.
It is home to the Eastern Illinois University Panthers football and track and field teams.
Fukushima Azuma Athletic Stadium officially called Tōhō Min'na-no Stadium is an athletic stadium in Fukushima, Fukushima, Japan.
It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home stadium of Khimik Dzerzhinsk.
In addition to sports events, the Field House has been the site of large community gatherings such as convocations and concerts.
It often is merely called "hall", in Japan.
Work will start on april 2017 and the new stadium will be completed by 2020.
It is one of stock car racing's most legendary venues, and is referred to as "NASCAR's longest-running weekly race track".
Jericho International Stadium is an association football stadium in Jericho, West Bank.
The stadium is able to hold 12,000 people.
SK Wyverns of the KBO Futures League used the stadium between 2007 and 2014.
It is home to the St. Bonaventure Bonnies baseball team of the NCAA Division I Atlantic 10 Conference.
San Lorenzo's old ground, the historic Viejo Gasometro in nearby Boedo was expropriated by the military government in 1979.
Most visited in UEFA's match against Aston Villa in 2008-8000 spectators
It is the home of the Maryland Terrapins football and men's lacrosse teams, which compete in the Big Ten Conference.
Richmond Park is a football stadium in Dublin, Ireland.
Seating was altered multiple times throughout the stadium's life; at times fans were permitted to sit on the grass in the outfield during overflow crowds.
With an initial capacity of approximately 15,000 spectators, it was used for soccer and school athletic events after the 1969 games.
The Nissan Sports Centre by the German GMP, venue in Dongguan, China.
Meeting rooms at the Forum total an additional 14,269 square feet of space.
It includes a figure skating rink and a 2,500-seat ice hockey arena.
Palais 12 forms the foundation stone for the NEO project, which aims to refurbish the Heysel Plateau into a new, modern, multipurpose neighbourhood in northern Brussels.
Saxon-Sea Stadium is a multi-use stadium in the Saxonsea district of Atlantis, a town located 40 km north of Cape Town in South Africa.
Stopher Gymnasium has a 27-foot video board in addition to a smaller LED board.
Their home ground is the Antonis Papadopoulos Stadium, the president of the club is Antreas Panteli and the coach is Ronny Levy.
Originally preserved by Infomart developer Trammel Crow, the material was later turned over to the city's Department of Parks and Recreation for storage.
It includes a 17.8' x 13.6' diamondvision scoreboard and luxury boxes.
The arena opened in 2000, replacing Alumni Hall.
The field itself was first used in 1931.
By mid August 2010 the superstructure of a new Sainsbury's supermarket occupied the spot where the stadium once stood.
The venue also features an LED scoreboard, restrooms, concessions, a patio area, and brick archways.
It had a capacity of 7,550 in 1939.
In their seventh season, the Cowboys hosted the Green Bay Packers for the NFL championship at the Cotton Bowl on January 1, 1967.
Shea Stadium was named in honor of William A. Shea, the man who was most responsible for bringing National League baseball back to New York.
Borås Arena has an artificial turf pitch, GreenFields MX by GreenFields, and has a capacity of 14,500–17,800 depending on usage.
The field is lighted according to NCAA standards for night games and has a heated and air conditioned press box.
The bonds issued to finance Safeco Field were retired on October 1, 2011, five years earlier than anticipated.
It can also serve a shelter in case of a natural disaster.
The Willows Sports Complex, currently known as 1300SMILES Stadium through sponsorship, is a grass football stadium situated in Townsville, Queensland, Australia.
The center contains eateries, administrative offices, and Club 99.
Its formal name honors Bruno José Daniel, who was mayor of Santo André at the time of the stadium's construction.
The stadium has more than 8100 seats.
Currently under reconstruction, the stadium holds 11,000 people.
The stadium holds 10,000 people and opened on 1 March 1987.
Named after SUNY Maritime Athletic Director, Professor Roger Reinhart, the stadium is home to the Maritime College Privateers soccer, football, and lacrosse teams.
The stadium was built by the University of San Agustín in the early 1990s and named after the Virgin Chapi.
It served as a home ground to FC Moush Charentsavan between 1990 and 1994, when the club was dissolved and retired from professional football.
The arena is often used as an alternative to the much larger Valley View Casino Center across town.
Although it is located within the University's campus, which is almost entirely in Amherst, the stadium itself lies just across the border in Hadley.
The velodrome was initially developed for the South African Olympic Bid, this venue hosted the World Cycling Federation Championships in 1999.
It is the home stadium of Şanlıurfaspor.
It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home stadium of Tacuarembó FC.
One of the grounds has seating facilities where most official games are played at.
Wynberg Military Base Stadium is a floodlit football stadium, situated in Wynberg suburb of Cape Town, at the Western Cape Province in South Africa.
It is a home arena of basketball team KK Napredak and RK Napredak.
War Heroes Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium in Sangrur, Punjab.
It was the home stadium of Chicago Red Stars women's soccer club from 2011 to 2015.
In return, Blue Bell gained naming rights.
It hosted the IIHF European Champions Cup in 2005, 2006, 2007 and 2008.
It is mostly used for football matches and is currently the home stadium of FK Bregalnica Štip and FK Astibo.
The citizens of Freiburg voted in favour of the construction of a new stadium at the Wolfswinkel nearby Freiburg's municipal airport.
Located at the northeast corner of Atwater and Ste-Catherine West, the building was historically significant as it was home to 24 Stanley Cup championships.
At that time the velodrome was in dilapidated state.
The Greensburg Athletic Association, an early organized football team based in Greensburg, played their home games at the stadium from 1890–1900.
It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home stadium of Nakhon Phanom F.C..
It is one of the most modern stadiums in Turkey, and offers a number of restaurants, cafes, and VIP areas for fans.
The SPICE Arena, previously known as the Penang International Sports Arena, is an indoor arena located in the township of Bayan Baru in Penang, Malaysia.
North Port Oval, also known as the Port Melbourne Cricket Ground, is an Australian rules football and cricket stadium located in Port Melbourne, Australia.
The field is home to the George Washington Colonials baseball team of the NCAA Division I Atlantic 10 Conference.
The stadium hosted 35 first-class matches  from 1935 when Central India cricket team played against Australian cricket team in a tour match.
The stadium is also used for the rugby varsity between the city's two universities, University of the West of England and University of Bristol.
Buyer Peter Hiller opened it on April 15, 2006 as Arena Santiago with a seat-capacity of 12,000.
was reformed as a junior club by the United Clydebank Supporters and it now plays at Holm Park in Yoker.
Fifth Third Bank Stadium is primarily used as the home for the Kennesaw State Owls men's football team.
The facility hosts activities such as aquatic fitness, diving, lap swim, recreation swim, scuba, water polo, and much more.
The ground opened in 1910 and was the home of Millwall for 83 years.
Home plate was in the northwest corner of the square block.
Plaza de Toros La Macarena is a bullring in Medellín, Colombia.
In Soviet time, it was called V. I. Lenin Sport & Concert Complex.
The stadium's main stand consists of 6,000 chairs but when Edessaikos F.C.
It is located approximately five kilometres from the centre of Melbourne and is in the southernmost part of the large Albert Park sporting precinct.
Al-Merrikh Stadium, also known as the Red Castle, is a multi-use stadium in Omdurman, Sudan, used mostly for football matches and also sometimes for athletics.
Weifang Olympic Sports Centre Stadium is a football stadium in Weifang, China.
Louis Armstrong Stadium is a tennis stadium of the USTA Billie Jean King National Tennis Center and one of the venues of the U.S. Open.
The stadium became a venue for several events, like bungee jumping, concerts, cricket, football, golf practice, motorsports and rugby union.
The ballpark will have a capacity of 25,000 spectators and open in 2012.
It was the home ground of New Brighton A.F.C.
In 2000, after Monaghan United secured a sponsorship deal with the building firm, Century Homes, the ground became known as Century Homes Park.
The naming rights deal for M&T Bank Stadium was renewed for $60M over 10 years in 2014 extending the name through 2027.
It has served as HQ for the Chunichi Dragons baseball team, since its opening.
In 2012, college baseball writer Eric Sorenson ranked the facility as the fourth best setting in Division I baseball.
The Ice Sheet opened in 1994 as a recreational training center for curling, ice hockey, and figure skating.
The stadium is owned by Millennium Stadium plc, a subsidiary company of the Welsh Rugby Union.
Ullevaal Stadion is an all-seater football stadium located in Oslo, Norway.
It is the home field of the New Mexico Lobos football team of the Mountain West Conference.
Scotiabank Centre is the largest multi-purpose facility in Atlantic Canada, located in the heart of downtown Halifax, Nova Scotia, Canada.
The stadium was known as York Stadium prior to 2017.
The National Stadium of Costa Rica is a multi-purpose stadium in La Sabana Metropolitan Park, San José, Costa Rica.
It was the first retractable roof major-sports venue in the world, covering 170,000 sq.
It abides UEFA standards for TFF standards for hosting TFF Second League, TFF First League and also Super Lig games.
The playing surface is named John Kresse Court in honor of legendary Charleston men's basketball coach John Kresse.
The inaugural General Manager of Perth Arena was David Humphreys, former General Manager of the Perth Entertainment Centre and Allphones Arena in Sydney.
It is currently used primarily for football matches and serves as the home stadium for Cerro Largo FC of the Primera División Uruguaya.
The $17 million venue opened in 2010.
Cardiff City were the eventual winners of the tournament with victories over Celtic and Vitória.
Initially the stadium was named Gwangju World Cup Stadium to host some matches of the 2002 FIFA World Cup.
Dee Events Center is an 11,592-seat multi-purpose arena in Ogden, Utah.
Construction on the stadium began on May 16, 1985, and it opened on March 17, 1988.
The women's team faced the Campbell University Fighting Camels and won 3–0.
The stadium co-hosted the 2006 Caribbean Series.
It is home to the Wake Forest University Demon Deacons men's basketball and women's basketball teams, and is adjacent to the Dixie Classic Fairgrounds.
The ground is mainly used for organizing matches of football, cricket and other sports.
It has an unorthodox orientation, aligned southeast; recommended alignment is east-northeast.
Liberty Baseball Stadium is a softball venue in Lynchburg, Virginia.
Having been completed in 2012, it is used mostly for football and athletics competitions.
In 2010, the Buckeyes ranked 46th among Division I baseball programs in attendance, averaging 1,235 per home game.
It is currently mostly used for CPBL baseball games.
The stadium holds 8,000 people and was built in 1907.
From 1921 this place was called Sports National Stadium since it was established as the main sports arena for the practice of football in Peru.
It was owned by Dumbarton F.C., who played there for 121 years between 1879 and 2000.
After an expansion project completed in 2007, the stadium holds 13,000 with 8,000 seated.
It's owned by the municipality, and operated by FC Höllviken, BK Höllviken and Näsets FF.
Loftus Road Stadium is a football stadium in Shepherd's Bush, London, which is home to Queens Park Rangers.
It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home ground of Hamra Annaba.
The complex utilizes bleacher seating, and has a capacity for over 500 people, as well as room for additional seating space along both foul lines.
It was opened in 2003 as a multi-purpose stadium to become the successor of the old Estadio Insular.
Edward A. LeLacheur Park is a baseball park located on the banks of the Merrimack River in Lowell, Massachusetts.
The ballpark had a capacity of 14,000 people and opened in 1924.
Located across the street from Prather Coliseum on the campus of Northwestern State University in Natchitoches, Louisiana, the stadium features seating for 1,000 fans.
It is currently used mostly for football matches and serves as the home stadium of Platinum Stars.
The stadium will also include changing rooms and restrooms for both athletes and spectators.
Golden Lion Stadium is a 16,000-seat multi-purpose stadium in Pine Bluff, Arkansas.
The stadium has a nominal capacity of 7000, with 2000 seated in two main stands on either side of the playing field.
There are within the stadium football fields made of synthetic turf available for use.
It hosted several international competitions including the 2000 African Cup of Nations and the 2009 FIFA U-17 World Cup.
The Nazi leadership including Adolf Hitler witnessed the defeat, whereafter team manager Otto Nerz was dismissed and replaced by Sepp Herberger.
The North Greenwood Recreation and Aquatic Complex now stands on the site of ballpark.
This stadium belongs to the Municipality of Coimbra and is mainly used by the Académica de Coimbra's football team.
Estadio Municipal Federico Schwager is a multi-use stadium in Coronel, Chile.
Since 2013 the stadium is a home venue for American football team Warsaw Eagles.
The National Ice Centre is located in Nottingham, England.
It has room for 3,250 spectators and is used primarily as home of the handball club Team Tvis Holstebro.
Turkish Ice Hockey Women's League matches are also played in the arena, which hosts the women's ice hockey team of the same club.
The pitch's dimensions are 105 to 68 meters.
It currently hosts the California State University, East Bay Pioneers soccer and track & field teams.
Mladost Stadium is a multi-use all-seated stadium in Kruševac, Serbia.
The CFE Arena is owned by the university, and is managed by Global Spectrum, a subsidiary of Philadelphia-based Comcast Spectacor.
It was the venue for the 1986 European Cup Final between Steaua București and Barcelona and the 1982 World Cup semi-final game between Germany and France.
The stadium was built in 1995 by the Government of Tamil Nadu on the occasion of South Asian Federation Games held in Chennai that year.
The largest crowd ever at the building was on February 10, 2007, when 9,452 fans watched the Rebels defeat the No.
The dedication game was played April 20, a 6-3 conference victory over Saint Mary's College.
The track is 333 metres long and made of concrete.
Kishoreganj Cricket Stadium is located by the District Election Commission Office, Kishoreganj, Bangladesh.
The stadium holds 12,000 people, which is more than the population of El Salvador, and was built in 1980.
The stadium underwent extensive renovations from September 2013 to 2015.
The Dome provides multiple stadium configurations that can seat up to 70,000 people.
It is home to Denizli Basket, which plays currently in the Turkish Basketball Second League.
The Richmond County Bank Ballpark at St. George is a baseball stadium located on the north-eastern tip of Staten Island.
The arena is currently home to the Brooklyn Nets of the National Basketball Association and the New York Islanders of the National Hockey League.
Likewise, in May 2016, the 2016 European Women's Artistic Gymnastics Championships were held at the arena.
BB&T Arena ,formerly The Bank of Kentucky Center, is a 10,000 seat multi-purpose arena in Highland Heights, Kentucky, that was completed in 2008.
Stadio Alberto Picco is the main football stadium in La Spezia, Italy.
All University students can use the gymnasium for free.
The area of Cary Field behind the stadium was the baseball field for William and Mary until the opening of Plumeri Park in 1999.
It effectively replaces the ageing Kayseri Atatürk Stadium, which has been in use since the early 1960s.
The ground's total capacity is 2,450 with a single 261-seat stand on the site of the former shed.
The stadium was opened in the year 2003.
College Grove sports ground is a multi sport facility in Wakefield, West Yorkshire, England.
It is used mostly for football matches, hosting Antalyaspor Super League home games.
The Government of Albania held a public tender for the construction of a sports hall in order to host games.
and Newcastle on 2 November 1996, which was a record for the league until 2004.
The stadium has a capacity of 4,000.
The athletes to have competed at the stadium included Linford Christie, Colin Jackson and Jamie Baulch.
Stade Léopold Sédar Senghor is a multi-purpose stadium in Dakar, Senegal.
The stadium holds 25,000 spectators and opened in 1944.
It is the finish point of the annual Bi-Lo Myrtle Beach Marathon, an athletics event held in February of each year.
It was succeeded by the larger Navy–Marine Corps Memorial Stadium in 1959, the current venue of Navy football.
Colliery Stadium is a multi purpose stadium in Birsinghpur, Madhya Pradesh, India.
Mordovia Arena is a football stadium currently under construction in Saransk, Mordovia, Russia in time for the 2018 FIFA World Cup.
From 1989 to 2008, the facility had an AstroTurf 12 surface.
The capacity of the stadium was 18,000 spectators.
Estádio Joaquim Calmon is a sports stadium in Linhares, Espírito Santo, Brazil.
The Los Angeles Salsa soccer club called Weingart home in the early 1990s.
It has been the home ground of Championship side Brentford since it was built in 1904.
The Floreat Athena Football Club moved to the velodrome in 1985 and is the sole lessee of the stadium.
The Knapp Center is a 7,152-seat multi-purpose arena on the campus of Drake University in Des Moines, Iowa, United States.
The George V. Meehan Auditorium is a 3,059-seat hockey arena, in Providence, Rhode Island.
It is owned by the Delhi Development Authority.
The playing field was renamed for donor Herb Chaffey in May 2009.
It was eventually replaced by Volksparkstadion in 1963 and was closed for good in 1997.
It was used, mostly, for football matches of Rot-Weiss Essen and concerts.
It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home stadium of SpVgg Bayreuth.
The park was built on a rectangular block bounded by North 7th, 8th, Chambers, and Burleigh Streets.
The local Pacific Coast League franchise, the Omaha Storm Chasers, opted for a smaller capacity venue at the new Werner Park, west of Papillion.
The Coliseo Centenario de Torreón, officially named "Centro de Espectaculos Coliseo Centenario" is a multi-purpose complex in Torreón, in the state of Coahuila, Mexico.
Maestri Field at Privateer Park is a baseball stadium in New Orleans, Louisiana more commonly known as Maestri Field.
It was built in 1981 - 1982 because of the promotion of Foligno Calcio to Serie C2, the former fourth level of Italian football.
Zénith d'Orléans is an indoor sporting arena and concert hall that is located in the city of Orléans, France.
The stadium will also host three group stage matches and one match in the 1/8 final of the Euro 2020.
The Fieldhouse is also used extensively by the Department of Health and Kinesiology.
Main Hall, 146,527 square feet, built in 1931
Estadio Bragaña Garcia is a baseball stadium in Moca, Dominican Republic.
It has also hosted training sessions for the Ireland national rugby union team and various touring international teams including the All Blacks.
Over time, as Ajax's popularity and success grew, the De Meer proved to be too small.
It is the fifth home of the Pittsburgh Pirates, the city's Major League Baseball franchise.
It is used mainly for football and hosts the home matches of Al Taawon and Al-Raed of the Saudi Professional League.
It was renamed in 2005 when Regina-based agricultural equipment firm Brandt Industries bought its naming rights.
Vincent–Beck Stadium is a ballpark located in Beaumont, Texas on Jim Gilligan Way on the campus of Lamar University.
Haji Agus Salim Stadium is a multi-use stadium in Padang, West Sumatera, Indonesia.
Carter was elected to the College Football Hall Of Fame in 2001.
Stadion v Jiráskově ulici is a multi-use stadium in Jihlava, Czech Republic.
Raymond C. Hand Park is a baseball venue in Clarksville, Tennessee, United States.
Ground for the stadium was broken in June 1999 and the first football game was hosted in September 2001.
Plans were recently announced by current Palermo chairman Maurizio Zamparini in order to build a new stadium to be owned directly by the club.
Hiroshima Sogo Ground Baseball Park is a multi-purpose stadium in Hiroshima, Japan.
Stadio Tommaso Fattori is a multi-use stadium in L'Aquila, Italy.
The name is used from August 1, 2010 until now.
The record attendance is about 12,300, from a 1981 Cup match when Hødd played Vålerenga.
The most important match in this stadium was a friendly match between the national team and the Brazilian National Team with Pelé.
It was also used for Arsenal reserve games until 2012.
It is currently used mostly for athletics and other events.
The ground is owned by a trust called Histon Football Club Holdings, who guarantee the use of the facility for sports purposes.
The original architect was Ícaro de Castro Mello.
The arena can be used to host basketball, handball, futsal, ice hockey, martial arts, concerts and shows, and dancing.
The CTE is known popularly as Cachamay Cachamay Stadium.
The Stock Yards closed in 1971, but the Amphitheatre remained open, hosting rock concerts, college basketball and IHSA playoff games, circuses, religious gatherings, and other events.
It was also the home of the Cebu Gems of the defunct MBA.
It was built in 1924 and most recently renovated in the 1980s.
The stadium was previously called Campo das Leiras but was changed in 1974 following the Carnation Revolution.
The University of Otago Oval is a sports ground located at Logan Park, Dunedin, New Zealand, and owned by the Dunedin City Council.
In addition, it is the site of TWU's commencement ceremonies.
Bangalore Hockey Stadium, also known as KSHA Hockey Stadium, is a field hockey stadium at Bangalore, Karnataka, India.
The biggest number of fans, that assisted was at the Cupa Dunarii's game between Știința and Dinamo Prague on 1 June 1958.
The stadium has been a venue for the 1987 FIFA World Youth Championship, Supercopa de Chile 2013, Copa Sudamericana 2013 and Copa América 2015.
It is home to the Grand Rapids Griffins of the American Hockey League, the top minor league affiliate of the Detroit Red Wings.
It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home stadium of Ranong United F.C..
Jordan Field is a multi-purpose stadium on the campus of Harvard University in the Allston neighborhood of Boston.
The record attendance of 29,490 spectators was set 20 August 2005 for a Rennes – Marseille Ligue 1 match.
It was established in 1923 as Maruyama Stadium during the Japanese period.
It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home ground of Pro Patria.
It is primarily used for baseball and is the home park for the Niagara Metros of the Central Ontario Baseball League, and Brock Badgers Baseball.
Sports Plus Arena is a 1,200 seat multi-purpose arena in Evendale, Ohio, USA.
Cătălin Hîldan Stadium is a multi-use stadium in Brăneşti.
Rugby union: Rockingham Rugby Union Football Club
During its history, the stadium has hosted two Caribbean Series editions in 1994 and 1998.
The Beloit Memorial High School and Beloit American Legion baseball teams both play their home games there as well.
It is also known by the nickname Penidão, nicknamed after the city's mayor Vitor Penido, who reformed the stadium in 1989.
When it opened in 1982, Stambaugh had one large grandstand on the west side, with a seating capacity of approximately 17,000.
It hosted some events for the Afro-Asian Games in 2003.
The Brașov Olympic Ice Rink is a multi-purpose ice rink in Brașov, Romania.
It features a natural grass surface, stadium lighting, dugouts, and a press box.
The stadium was built in 1965 and was renovated and expanded in 2003 for the UEFA Euro 2004 tournament by architect Eduardo Guimarães.
It was also home to XWO Reborn, a professional wrestling organization that promoted shows throughout south Texas.
The stadium, with a seating capacity of 47,929 spectators, has been the home pitch of Ligue 1 club Paris Saint-Germain since 1974.
Bedok Stadium is a football stadium located in Bedok, Singapore.
It competes with other facilities in the New York metropolitan area, including Madison Square Garden in Manhattan and Prudential Center in Newark.
A new Cobham Oval was built in 2005.
Plans were submitted to New York's Empire State Development Corporation.
Return transport to the top of the hill is undertaken by riding the Oslo Metro's Holmenkollen Line.
It is the home field of the Wisconsin Woodchucks baseball team of the summer collegiate Northwoods League.
In the 1960s, it became popular as a venue for pop concerts where acts like The Supremes, James Brown and Jackie Wilson.
Currently the stadium holds the speed skating Winter Annual National Competition, and until 2011 the Toyota Big Air snowboarding contest.
Victory Park is a football ground in Chorley, Lancashire, England.
It underwent a £2.6 million redevelopment and was re-opened in December 1986.
Canal Park is a baseball stadium located in Akron, Ohio, United States, that is the home of the Akron RubberDucks of the Eastern League.
It became the new home of Kickers Offenbach, when it replaced the club's former home Stadion am Bieberer Berg.
are regularly played here by professional and amateur players and locals.
The stadium has a seating capacity of 47,000.
Additionally, it has been used for matches involving national sides in international tournaments hosted by Thailand where the hosts are not involved.
Opened in 1933, it is the home field of the California Golden Bears of the Pac-12, with a seating capacity of 2,500.
It was replaced by the current Stade de la Maladière in 2005.
Parker Field is a 2,500-seat baseball stadium in the northwest United States, located in Yakima, Washington.
It is the home stadium of Persipura Jayapura.
The stadium's name is taken from the city's official nickname.
City Stadium Kičevo is a multi-purpose stadium in Kičevo, Republic of Macedonia.
It hosted football matches at the 2008 Summer Olympics.
This intimate atmosphere contributes to a louder, more intense gametime experience.
In 2004, the ground was redeveloped, altering it from an oval field to a rectangular field.
It is the county ground of Kildare's gaelic football and hurling teams.
It is home to the Stetson Hatters basketball team.
The Markham Centennial Centre is a 2,300-seat arena located in the Toronto suburb of Markham.
The Arena is home to the Northern Mystics and the Super City Rangers.
The stadium is home to the EKU Colonels football team, located on campus.
It was the first game between the two since the 1959 NCAA tournament.
Prior to the Spokane Coliseum's opening in 1955, Gonzaga basketball games were played on campus at "The Cave," a gymnasium in the administration building.
The AFF stadium has a capacity of 5,000, and the surface is of Artificial turf.
NM State Aggies women's soccer also play at Aggie Memorial Stadium.
In 1929, a visiting Bermudan cricket team played several matches at Commercial Field, defeating the All-New York and All-Brooklyn teams.
Its projected cost is 32.3 million USD.
The venue has also hosted several concerts:
Initial plans were for a 30,000 seat venue for baseball, football, and other sports.
The teams will be competing in the stadium, upon completion in August 2014.
Western Region Football League first division finals have been played at the venue since 2011.
Its ice was laid down on 14 cm foundation, then 7 cm of insulation, 7 cm of screed, and finally, 4 cm of ice.
Built in 1957, Bragg Memorial Stadium is home to Florida A&M Football.
Manahan is the first stadium in Indonesia which hosts the biggest difabel sporting event in Southeast Asia 2011 ASEAN ParaGames.
Stoney Lane was a football ground in West Bromwich, England.
Reconstruction was finally completed in October 2011.
Stadium is owned by the Charlotte Amalie High School.
It was also home to the Lafayette Bullfrogs of the Central Baseball League.
The stadium is named after Francis Rongiéras, a former captain of CA Périgueux that died in 1991 at the age of 33.
Its main lobby features 3,300 square feet of space.
A new modern scoreboard capable of playing replays was also mounted.
The stadium has a capacity of 50,000 people.
Originally built in 1930, the gym was named after its main advocate and planner, Thomas Watt Gregory.
In 1893, Dartmouth alumni built a football field called Alumni Oval in the southeastern part of the campus.
The official seating capacity is 4,000 people.
It is the home venue of the FIU Panthers college baseball team of the Division I Conference USA.
The environment was taken into consideration in its construction.
It was opened in 1982 and is owned by the University of Tartu Academic Sports Club.
To the left of the main stand are similar curved stands but there is a larger gap in the middle.
In 1978, the Timber Hawks had intermissions called "sun breaks" near sundown when the glare was excessive.
The stadium was built in 2002 and holds 6,016 people.
About 5,400 of the new seating is general, while the remaining 1,600 seats are club or terrace suite seating.
Memorial Stadium is a multi-use stadium located in Asheville, North Carolina.
In early 2015, the stadium went under renovation, including a new scoreboard.
The 80th Birthday Stadium is a sports facility in Nakhon Ratchasima, Thailand.
Basketball, volleyball, and other sports are played there.
It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home stadium of VfB Lübeck.
The stadium holds 22,717 spectators and opened in 2014.
It is primarily used for football and soccer, and is the home field of the University of Connecticut Huskies.
It has also been used as a professional boxing venue.
The stadium has an all-seated capacity of 4,000.
Lambeau Field is an outdoor athletic stadium in the north central United States, located in Green Bay, Wisconsin.
The Estadio Monumental Isidro Romero Carbo is a football stadium located in the parish of Tarqui in northern Guayaquil, Ecuador.
The capacity of the arena is 5,263 people.
It also serves as a practice facility for the men's basketball team.
The East Melbourne Cricket Ground was a grass oval sports venue located at the corner of Wellington Parade and Jolimont Parade, in East Melbourne, Victoria, Australia.
It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home ground of Besa Pejë of the Kosovar Superliga.
SNorth Bangkok University Rangsit Campus Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium in Pathum Thani province , Thailand.
It has four ice pads and is the official practice facility of the Toronto Maple Leafs NHL hockey team, and their AHL affiliate the Toronto Marlies.
It is the home of three professional sports teams: the San Antonio Spurs, the San Antonio Stars, and the San Antonio Rampage.
The 40 acres main section of the property is valued at $3.5 million according to the county appraiser's records.
Stadium is currently used by most successful American football team in Slovakia - Bratislava Monarchs.
The park also has forest areas, where recreational activities are taken up.
It is home of the Louisiana–Lafayette Ragin' Cajuns women's basketball and volleyball teams.
In the 1980s the stadium became dilapidated, as no funds could be found to refurbish it.
Therefore, the natural grass has been reinforced with artificial fibers, which anchors the field into a stable and a level grass surface: Desso GrassMaster.
It is currently used mostly for football matches.
The Fillmore Auditorium is a concert venue located in the Capitol Hill neighborhood in Denver, Colorado.
It has a capacity of 40,122 seats.
The park was home to a number of professional sports teams, most notably the Cleveland Indians of Major League Baseball.
The Fatorda Stadium, officially known as the Jawarharlal Nehru Stadium, is a multi-purpose stadium situated in Margao, Goa.
Stade Armandie is a multi-purpose stadium in Agen, France.
The Colonels Softball Complex is a softball venue in Thibodaux, Louisiana, United States.
The stadium was named Chessa Field in honor of Scott and Crista Blower's daughter, Chessa Blower.
The arena is located at D. Manuel I street, Behind the fire brigade.
It was the home venue of the South Dakota State Jackrabbits football team.
Construction started in July 2014 and appears to have been completed in March 2017.
The stadium is part of the Borleske Stadium Complex containing Borleske Stadium, Martin Field, and Memorial Pool.
It is home to the Samford Bulldogs basketball and volleyball teams, having replaced Seibert Hall.
Talobilla Park is a sporting facility located in the suburb of Kippa-Ring, Queensland in Australia.
Before the 2012/13 season Cumbria County Council inspected Brunton Park and they deemed that certain areas of the stadium were unsafe.
Bursa Atatürk Sport Hall hosted 15 games of the Group A in the preliminary round of the Eurobasket 2005 Women between September 2 and 7 2005.
World famous DJ Tiesto made an appearance at Cohen Stadium on May 6, 2011 with an estimated attendance of 10,000 people.
The late Tejano singer Selena performed in Christensen Stadium in 1994 for a charity event.
The stadium has a capacity of 20,000 people.
The Whistler Sliding Centre is a Canadian bobsleigh, luge, and skeleton track located in Whistler, British Columbia, that is 125 km north of Vancouver.
The building originally opened in 1930 as the Clemson Field House, and was the indoor home to Clemson athletics.
Hayward Field is one of the world's best-known historic track and field stadiums, located in the northwest United States in Eugene, Oregon.
Estadio José Zorrilla was a multi-use stadium in Valladolid, Spain.
The newly reopened track hosted the 2011 and 2012 BC Track Championships.
It was constructed to replace the ageing Perry Lakes Stadium nearby, which had been in use since the 1962 British Empire and Commonwealth Games.
The stadium has also been used for unorthodox "sports", such as live human chess during the reign of Tsar Boris.
The measures of the grass are the standard form of 105 m to 65 m.
The overall price tag makes the new Yankee Stadium the most expensive stadium ever built.
Following the FIFA World Cup, the stadium will retain 25,000 seats for use by university athletic teams.
Capacity of the stadium is 6,362 people, with the vast majority of seating located on the first base side.
The stadium has 540 seats and 4,560 standing places.
Waitharli Stadium is a football stadium, home of Rakhine United F.C.
The ground is mainly used for organizing matches of football, cricket and other sports.
It has been home to the University of Minnesota Duluth Bulldog hockey team since 1966.
It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home stadium of Unión Tarapoto of the Copa Perú.
In 1999, it also hosted an exhibition series between the Cuban National Team and the Baltimore Orioles.
As part of the renovation the seating capacity was reduced from approximately 18,000 to approximately 7,500, with the red-stone facade being the only feature left unaltered.
The stadium holds 5,700 people and was built in 1945.
It is home to the University of Georgia Bulldogs basketball and gymnastics teams.
Another AA club transferred to Toledo for 1953, but after three seasons it left, and Swayne Field was demolished soon after.
The generous fan parking area can hold up to 343 light passenger vehicles and includes 16 handicap spaces.
Armstrong was the main stadium before Arthur Ashe Stadium opened in 1997, and is now the No.
It was built in 1991 and is named after Cementos Progreso, a local cement manufacturer.
The stadium holds 7,500 people, all seated.
It is the home ground of Victoria Brăneşti.
The arena hosted the speedskating events at both the 1932 and 1980 Winter Olympics.
Opened in 1974, the stadium had a total capacity of 45,200 people.
Vaughn Street Park was a baseball park located in Portland, Oregon.
Within days of the end of the 2009–10 season, demolition of the stadium commenced and site clearance began.
The stadium has a capacity of 8,000 spectators.
Ranong Province Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium in Ranong province , Thailand.
Štadión Antona Malatinského is a football stadium in Trnava, Slovakia.
It formally opened on May 7, 1958.
is currently playing in Chinese Super League, the top division in China.
It is currently home to the professional French League club Strasbourg IG.
It was the home ground of Clapton Orient between 1930 and 1937.
The stadium opened in 2002 and holds 6,000 people.
The arena is also home to a number of junior hockey tournaments and international competitions in figure skating.
Owned by the Marmaris Municipality, it was opened March 1999.
The basic concrete structure of the stadium was built between August 2007 and February 2009, but work was then halted for financial reasons.
The stadium, which opened in 2001, holds 4,000 people, expandable to 14,000-16,000 for concerts and other special events.
It is named after former UVA executive director Ted Davenport.
It will be primarily used for baseball.
The indoor firing ranges of 10 m, 25 m and 50 m for pistol and rifle cover an area of 35,000 m2.
The stadium was built in 1958 with a cinder track, upgraded to synthetic in 1992.
The large main hall, called Basket-Hall 1, has a seating capacity of 7,482 people for basketball and 8,000 for concerts.
The site was constructed on ten internal pillars.
During the reconstruction process a main entrance building, roof and new seats will be built.
The Lake Macquarie Regional Football Facility is a football facility located in Speers Point, NSW.
It is home to the Campbell Fighting Camels baseball team.
At the World Cup, the ground hosted three matches in Group A and Argentina's penalty shootout win over Yugoslavia in the quarter-finals.
It serves as the home ground of Colo-Colo, and on occasions also for other clubs and the national football team.
Kopparvallen is a multi-use stadium in Åtvidaberg, Sweden.
The complex is located in Bežigrad district north of the city centre right next to the highway bypass.
The Arena is located on Mamette Avenue in downtown Merritt.
The 51,866-capacity venue serves as the national stadium of football in Scotland.
Nicknamed "HaKufsal", it has a capacity of 1,000.
Oriole Park is the home of the Auburn Baseball Club in New South Wales, Australia.
In 2009 the stadium was renovated to introduce the club to the Portuguese Liga.
It is the new home of İstanbul Başakşehir F.K.
The Arena, also known as Dey's Arena was an arena for ice hockey located in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada.
Portland Park was a football ground in Ashington, England.
It was selected as the host arena for the NCAA Division II National Volleyball tournament December 12–14, 2013.
Parque 18 de marzo de 1938 is a stadium in Minatitlán, Veracruz.
The ballpark's formal name was American League Park.
The ballpark is now used for intramural and high school baseball.
Most memorably, it hosted the 1994 Connacht Final in which Leitrim triumphed over Mayo to win their first title since 1927.
There is an indoor sporting arena called Salle Pierre Charpy that is located under the stadium.
It is also home to the Savannah Steam of American Indoor Football.
It is the home of PFC Svetkavitsa of the Bulgarian A Professional Football Group.
Forthbank Park was a sports venue in Stirling, Scotland until 1940.
The crowd was noted for chanting 'go puck yourself', a chant which was featured on TSN's top 10 crowd chants of all time.
Bariri means rapid in a Tupi–Guarani language, and is the name of the street where the stadium is located.
The growing demand was a result of excess usage of sister venue Western Park and the proposed closure of the football facilities at Logan Park.
The arena has been the annual host for this event since the early 1990s.
The stadium holds 16,500 spectators and opened in 1955.
It hosts the games of Bangu Atlético Clube and Clube Atlético Castelo Branco.
It is right next to the North Florida Fair Grounds.
It was home to the Macon Whoopee, Macon Whoopee and Macon Trax ice hockey teams and also the Macon Knights arena football team until 2006.
There are four visitor locker rooms, as well as smaller, official locker rooms throughout the building.
The Langley Events Centre is a 322,312-square-foot multipurpose facility in the Township of Langley.
Estadio Reino de León is a football stadium located in León, in the autonomous community of Castile and León, Spain.
In 1902, Detroit businessman Dexter M. Ferry donated the land immediately north of Regents Field to the university.
Suncoast Stadium is located on the campus of Suncoast Community High School in the City of Riviera Beach, Florida.
Opened in 2009, it is the home of the Triple-A Reno Aces of the Pacific Coast League and Reno 1868 FC of the United Soccer League.
The stadium holds 30,000 people and was opened in 1986.
It seated up to 12,732 spectators and featured four locker rooms and a press room.
It is owned and operated by the State of Georgia as part of the Georgia World Congress Center Authority.
It is the home of Dartmouth Big Green football and outdoor track teams.
It is used mostly for ice hockey games, and has a capacity of 6,000 people.
Grossinger Motors Arena is an arena in downtown Bloomington, Illinois that opened to the public on April 1, 2006.
Thus sometimes the field is also called Hardee-McGee Field.
Domžale Sports Park or Domžale Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium in Domžale, Slovenia.
The indoor stadium is located beside the Hyderabad International Institute of Information Technology.
It is featured in the Barrington Levy song "Prison Oval Rock".
A gift for Findlay City School District from Otto D. Donnell, Donnell Stadium was the original dream of J.C. Donnell, president of the Ohio Oil Company.
Orangeville District Secondary School provides academic instruction for the institute's students.
The Forum is the home floor of the professional volleyball team Pallavolo Padova.
The latest synthetic rubberized coating known as "Super AG" was used for the oval, only the second in the world after one in Saudi Arabia.
540 of the stadium's seats were previously used at the Kingdome in Seattle.
Le Canonnier is a multi-use stadium in Mouscron, Belgium.
It is primarily used for concerts, shows and indoor sports like indoor soccer or basketball.
[1] The arena was previously known as Rio Rancho Events Center.
Fitton Field is a multi-purpose sports stadium in Worcester, Massachusetts.
The city and the club were however forced to reconstruct and modernize the stadium to meet the football association criteria.
The field was built on the old downtown campus of LSU.
He still holds the record of the most goals for Empoli until this day.
