The station was situated on the L&SWR's line between Richmond and the West London Joint Railway.
The station is protected as a category A listed building.
It is 37 miles 73 chains down the main line from London Fenchurch Street via Basildon and is situated between Southend East and Shoeburyness.
It is located on the Vale of Glamorgan Line, 18 1⁄4 miles west of Cardiff Central towards Bridgend via Barry and Rhoose.
It is also the only station to retain its pre-modernisation livery and signage.
The Mellunmäki metro station is the northernmost metro station in the world.
Neighbouring stations are Ewell West to the south and Worcester Park to the north.
The name comes from the simultaneous construction of the adjacent home of the press for the Summer Olympics in 1972.
The station was originally part of the Glasgow, Paisley, Kilmarnock and Ayr Railway.
It serves Cooch Behar city in Cooch Behar district in the Indian state of West Bengal.
Rizhsky station is one of the nine main railway stations in Moscow, Russia.
The remains of the Tower of London station were demolished during the construction of the new Tower Hill station.
Tralee Casement station is a station on the Mallow to Tralee railway line and serves the town of Tralee in County Kerry.
The station was originally part of the Glasgow, Paisley, Kilmarnock and Ayr Railway.
It is served by Sydney Trains T4 line services.
This was subsumed into the London, Brighton and South Coast Railway.
A disused signal box is located at the southern end of the Platform 1.
York Road railway station served the north of Belfast in Northern Ireland.
Woodhouse Mill railway station was opened in 1840 by the North Midland Railway on its line between Rotherham Masborough and Chesterfield.
The halt was located between Edlington Halt, the eastern passenger terminus of the line and Harlington Halt.
Hairmyres railway station is a railway station in the Hairmyres area of East Kilbride, South Lanarkshire, Greater Glasgow, Scotland.
Beauly railway station serves the village of Beauly in the Highland council area of Scotland.
Also abolished were the Up and Down end crossovers, and a number of disc signals.
Translink withdrew passenger services from the line when it reopened the more direct Belfast Central – Antrim route via Bleach Green.
After this date, all passenger services were transferred to Woodside and Monks Ferry concentrated on goods and coal supply.
It was originally opened by the West End of London and Crystal Palace Railway on 3 May 1858.
The station is situated just over a mile outside of Clapham.
It opened as North Pine in 1888 after the nearby river and was renamed Petrie in 1910.
The station was converted to standard gauge and was opened as part of the extension of Hellenic Electric Railways to Kifissia in February 1956.
Tramlink trams serve the stop, where trams depart in a westbound direction only.
Widney Manor railway station serves the Widney Manor area of Solihull in the West Midlands of England.
As well as local residents, shops and businesses, it serves:
It is scheduled to begin operation in late 2019 or in 2020.
It then passed to the Eastern Region of British Railways upon nationalisation in 1948.
Pleasington railway station serves the village of Pleasington in Lancashire, England.
It is completely underground and situated underneath the Potsdamer Platz in central Berlin.
There is Dome-mae Station on the Hanshin Electric Railway Hanshin Namba Line near Dome-mae Chiyozaki Station.
In 1914 it was renamed Erica after a local mountain.
Panteón means "cemetery" in Spanish; the station's name and logo come from the nearby graveyards.
The station's icon is a silhouette of a woman holding a newborn baby.
The station opened to passenger traffic on 2 January 1865.
Despite its prominence, the station only has two platforms.
It is located at the northern end of the Glen Eira Road level crossing, with station access from Glen Eira Road, Oak Grove and Morres Street.
It is located adjacent to the Moulsecoomb campus of the University of Brighton.
McPherson Square is a side platformed Washington Metro station in Downtown Washington, D.C., United States.
It also serves as the northern terminus of the Westside Express Service.
It is located in Huangpu District, under the intersection of Nanjing Road and Henan Road in the city center of Shanghai.
St George's Cross subway station serves the area of Woodside area of Glasgow, as well as Woodlands, and Queens Cross, Glasgow, in Scotland.
Queenborough railway station is on the Sheerness Line, on the Isle of Sheppey in North Kent, and serves the town of Queenborough.
The full range of tickets for travel for any destination in the country are purchased from the guard on the train at no extra cost.
Bromley North railway station is in the London Borough of Bromley in south-east London, in Travelcard Zone 4.
The station was rebuilt after being destroyed by fire on 23 December 1965.
It is served by Sydney Trains T2 Inner West & South line services.
The footbridge was fully repainted in late 2011, changing the colours of the bridge from navy blue and white to cream and salmon.
The use of the term "Olympic" has been licensed for use by the International Olympic Committee.
Glenfield railway station is a junction station serving the Sydney suburb of Glenfield.
The site is currently leased by a caravan park, although it is planned as the ultimate western terminus for the Walhalla Goldfields Railway.
Located at 24th Street and Connecticut Avenue Northwest, it serves the neighborhoods of Woodley Park and Adams Morgan in Northwest Washington.
The Level Crossing Removal Authority has recently announced a grade separation project to replace the Poath Road level crossing immediately to the west of the station.
Its three letter station code is MTP.
Since midday train service on the Georgetown corridor was first launched in May 2002, GO Transit have hired various contractors to improve the station.
It is on the Sokolnicheskaya Line, serving as its eastern terminus.
The wall behind the new platform which retains the road embankment has been substantially rebuilt, and the platform has now been completed.
Ancaster railway station serves the village of Ancaster in Lincolnshire, England.
The station provides parking spaces for 788 vehicles.
Presently as of July 2017, PVTA service has begun and intercity bussing is expected to move in next.
The station is unstaffed but there is a ticket machine that was installed in 2016.
Its full title, as shown on its nameboard, was Denaby for Conisboro' and Mexboro.
The station buffet at Bridlington is one of only three original station buffets left in the UK, and provides the prizewinning flower display in the station.
Traveston railway station is located on the North Coast line in Queensland, Australia.
Jūsō Station is a railway station in Jūsō, Yodogawa-ku, Osaka, Japan, operated by the private railway operator Hankyu Railway.
Howard is a station on the Chicago Transit Authority's 'L' system in Chicago, Illinois.
The station is named after Avenida Patriotismo which divides the two boroughs.
Setiawangsa LRT station is an elevated rapid transit station in Ampang, Malaysia, forming part of the Kelana Jaya Line.
The station is on the Far North Line, within the former county of Caithness, 23 miles as the crow flies west of Wick.
Croxley Green is a disused railway station near Watford, outside London, England.
It is between Great Missenden and Stoke Mandeville stations.
The station is situated on the Paris–Bordeaux railway.
The lime quarries and kilns ceased operating in 1951, causing the closure of the Erica to Platina railway the following year.
The Frankford Transportation Center is a transportation terminal in Frankford, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, United States.
Ilford railway station is on the Great Eastern Main Line serving the town of Ilford in the London Borough of Redbridge, east London.
It is located at 2445 Dixie Road, just south of Dundas Street East.
Thomastown railway station is located on the South Morang line, in Victoria, Australia.
The station is 5 1⁄3 miles east of Blackburn railway station, on the East Lancashire Line operated by Northern.
The station was built to alleviate the congested Meadowvale GO Station, and to provide better service for the local community.
The station is 36 1⁄4 miles north-west of Leeds on the Leeds to Morecambe Line towards Carlisle and Morecambe.
It is located 2.1 kilometres from the Siilitie metro station, 1.9 kilometres from the Myllypuro metro station, and 1.0 kilometres from the Puotila metro station.
Until the late 1960s the East London Line connected with the main line railway to Liverpool Street just north of Shoreditch station.
Carling is an O-Train station on the Trillium Line, one block west of the intersection of Carling Avenue and Preston Street in Ottawa, Ontario.
Vestamager is a rapid transit station of the Copenhagen Metro in Copenhagen, Denmark.
It serves the town of Avenel, opening on 20 November 1872.
The building, an example of 1960s urban renewal, has been described as a blight on its surrounding environment and "a brutal assault on the senses".
Wishaw railway station is a railway station in Wishaw, North Lanarkshire, Scotland.
Nobeyama Station is a railway station on the Koumi Line in the village of Minamimaki in Nagano Prefecture, Japan, operated by the East Japan Railway Company.
The historic depot, which now houses the UNH Dairy Bar, is situated just west of downtown Durham on the campus of the University of New Hampshire.
Rawcliffe railway station is a railway station that serves the village of Rawcliffe in the East Riding of Yorkshire, England.
Clapton is in both Travelcard Zone 2 and Travelcard Zone 3.
It is served by the Hammersmith & City, District and Central lines.
It is on the Wellington suburban rail network and is served by Melling Line trains and some only Hutt Valley Line trains.
The train services are operated by NordWestBahn.
Kranji MRT Station is an above-ground Mass Rapid Transit station on the North South Line in Sungei Kadut, Singapore.
Joliet Union Station is a former commuter and long-distance railroad station in Joliet, Illinois serving both Amtrak long-distance and Metra commuter trains.
The railway line would run over Ascot Road via a viaduct and the platforms will be situated on the east side of the road.
Salisbury railway station serves the city of Salisbury in Wiltshire, England.
The station is managed by Abellio ScotRail and is on the Ayrshire Coast Line.
Wilston railway station is located on the Ferny Grove line in Queensland, Australia.
The station and all services calling at the station are operated by London Midland.
This station serves the Colonia Felipe Ángeles, Colonia Mártires de Río Blanco, Colonia 7 de Noviembre, and Colonia 20 de Noviembre neighbourhoods.
It is operated by Northern who provide all passenger train services and is one of the mandatory stops on this part of the line.
As at 16th April 2017 over 11,000 images had been recorded and made available online.
Charlton station is within walking distance of The Valley, home of Charlton Athletic F.C.
Denham Golf Club railway station is a railway station near the villages of Baker's Wood and Denham, Buckinghamshire, England.
Metro Hidalgo also connects with trolleybus Line "LL", which runs between this metro station and the Colonia San Felipe de Jesús district.
On February 15, 2010 the station reopened for public use.
Though Yarra Glen was a small settlement, its station was often used for supplying Melbourne with produce from nearby farms.
It is situated on the Ellesmere Port branch of the Wirral Line, part of the Merseyrail network.
The junction for the line to Echuca faces Seymour, and is located on the Shepparton end of the level crossing.
The combined population of the five wards comprising Carshalton was 45,525 at the 2001 census.
It is also a local taxi hub.
Victoria is London's busiest bus station, with 19 bus routes using the station, with 200 buses per hour passing through in the peak.
Tokyo City Air Terminal, also known as T-CAT, is a bus terminal for Airport Transport Service, an airport bus operator, in downtown Tokyo, Japan.
The station formerly served the small town of Welshpool.
The station is operated by Southeastern and is served by Southeastern Hayes line trains.
Forest Hill railway station is a railway station in Forest Hill, part of the London Borough of Lewisham.
In 2011, there were more than 2.263 million bus departures from the terminal.
It is located on the Joondalup line, 3.2 kilometres from Perth station serving the suburb of Leederville.
Deptford Bridge is a Docklands Light Railway station in Deptford, south-east London.
There are also travel center for information and manual sale of tickets and two large toilet sections which are under manual supervision and clean.
It was served by local trains on what is now known as the West Coast Main Line.
It is the first station on the Great Western Main Line located outside Greater London.
Between October and December 2016, the level crossings at either side of station at Mountain Highway and Scoresby Road were removed.
It is also the nearest railway station to the town of Haverhill in Suffolk, which is about 9 miles away.
The station and all trains serving it are operated by Southeastern.
Train services from the station are provided by Southern, and the station is on the Uckfield branch of the Oxted Line.
It is 7.6 miles from Bristol Temple Meads.
It is situated on Heorhiy Kirpa Square in Uzhhorod.
Services through to Springburn weren't introduced until 1887.
Nishibukuro Station is a JR East railway station located in Shōnai, Yamagata Prefecture, Japan.
George Street tram stop is a tram stop in Croydon.
In 2005, a Dunkin' Donuts store was opened in the 35th/Archer station.
Despite not being a terminus for most lines, it serves as a terminal for travel to all parts of Israel.
A glass wall was added on one side of the island platform to prevent access to the train that is boarding at the side platform.
The LNER inherited two stations in Gainsborough, and to distinguish them, the ex-GCR station was renamed Gainsborough Central in September 1923.
Chichester railway station is a railway station in the city of Chichester in West Sussex, England.
Despite being considered subway, only the Red and Gold Lines are underground and utilize a tunnel under Broad Street between Garnett and Peachtree Center.
The bus concourse was used by over 3.8 million passengers, making it the busiest bus station in Tyne and Wear.
An enthusiasts' railtour visited the station on 13 June 1964.
The mezzanines are directly connected to the B and C terminals by pedestrian walkways to Level 2.
Atami Station is a railway station in Atami, Shizuoka, Japan, jointly operated by East Japan Railway Company and Central Japan Railway Company.
Armadale railway station is a railway station on the South Western Railway, 30 kilometres from Perth station serving the suburb of Armadale.
This station is on the West Highland Line.
Rogart railway station is a railway station serving the Parish of Rogart and the village of Pittentrail in the Highland council area of Scotland.
Recently, a pedestrian and cyclist path was built, providing a direct link between Confederation Station and Brookfield Road.
It is located at Hawthorne Boulevard in the median of the Century Freeway in Hawthorne, California.
The bus terminus has 41 numbered platforms in 7 lettered sections, mostly used by Greater Montreal transit agencies with some intercity coach services.
Despite being one of the busiest stations in the region, the station long had substandard facilities, in particular a lack of disabled access.
The station was opened on 29 August 1981.
The station and all trains that call are operated by Southeastern.
It is served by Sydney Trains T1 Western and T5 Cumberland line services.
Originally a full length platform with wooden stations buildings it was later replaced by the present short platform.
The Maitree Express passes through this station.
Newstead Abbey, the ancestral home of Lord Byron is about two to three miles away and is served by this station.
It formerly served Amtrak's Sunset Limited line.
During the construction of this station, the fossilised remains of a mammoth were dug up by an excavation crew.
The reconstruction work, completed in mid-2011, faithfully restored the building.
The main line station was opened by the London, Chatham and Dover Railway company with the name St. Paul's in 1886.
Weybridge railway station is near the established midpoint of Weybridge in Surrey, England and south of its town centre.
It is located in Mexico City's southern Coyoacán borough, at the junction of Avenida Miguel Ángel de Quevedo and Avenida Universidad.
It closed on 12 June 2015 and was demolished.
Blackheath Halls, run by Trinity College of Music, are close to the station.
Byōbugaura Station is a railway station operated by the Keikyū Keikyū Main Line located in Isogo-ku, Yokohama, Kanagawa Prefecture, Japan.
It is on the eastern edge of Barkingside in North East London at the end of a cul-de-sac called Station Road.
With more than local traffic to cross the crossing was altered to manual worked gates released from Mexborough No.3 signal box.
Kingussie railway station serves the town of Kingussie, Inverness-shire in the Highland Council Area of Scotland.
It is on the Fort William route of the highly scenic West Highland Line.
It is 60 miles 66 chains down-line from London Liverpool Street and is situated between Alresford to the west and Weeley to the east.
Damai LRT station is an elevated rapid transit station in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia, forming part of the Kelana Jaya Line.
The station was until December 2008 operated by Southeastern before it transferred to Southern, whose green signage was installed before October 2008.
North Greenwich was a railway station named after the North Greenwich area of the Isle of Dogs in London.
The station, which is in Travelcard Zone 3, is operated by South West Trains, as are all the trains serving it.
City of Santa Clarita Transit offers connecting bus service at the station.
A pair of low level side platforms now serve route 96 trams on the light rail line.
Murdoch Paterson was the Engineer involved in the Construction of the Station
North of Heidelberg, the double line becomes single, to pass through a short tunnel.
The station is operated by Southern, who also provide the majority of services and is in Travelcard Zone 3.
An additional driving position was fitted to the back and additional doors were fitted in the centre of the bus.
Hatfield railway station serves the town of Hatfield in Hertfordshire, England.
Until 6 May 1974 the railway station was named Moorside & Wardley, becoming Moorside on that date.
The station is located in the southern neighborhood of Malha, across from the Jerusalem Shopping Mall, Jerusalem Arena and Teddy Stadium.
A disused goods platform exists behind Platform 2.
Gwersyllt railway station serves the area of Gwersyllt in the town of Wrexham in North Wales.
The station served Alexandra Dock until it closed to passengers on 31 May 1948.
It is the 10th stop westbound on the Westside MAX.
Nearby is the ruined Wingfield Manor, one of the places where Mary, Queen of Scots, was imprisoned.
It is located on Onyx Street between Prudential Drive and Louisa Street in the Southbank area of Downtown Jacksonville.
Carmyle railway station is located in the Carmyle area of Glasgow.
It is served by trains between Birmingham and Stratford-upon-Avon.
The National Rail gateline now has automatic barriers installed: rail users must use the Underground doors to the station.
It remained the northern extremity for the double line until November 2011, when the line from Keon Park to Epping was duplicated.
Novena MRT Station is a station located on the North South Line of the Mass Rapid Transit in Novena, Singapore.
In the 1950s, and up to closure in 1965, the Bradford Railway Circle used a hut on the platform at Manningham station for its meetings.
The station was opened in November 1979 as part of the first line of the Bucharest Metro.
Madras Dental College is located opposite the station, adjoining Madras Medical College Men's Hotel and Nursing College.
Singleton railway station is located on the Main Northern line in New South Wales, Australia.
Highett railway station is located on the Frankston line in Victoria, Australia.
This could involve the station being repurposed or demolished with ticket sales and other train services moved to the train track level.
It is located 1.4 kilometres from the Kulosaari metro station, and 1.4 kilometres from the Siilitie metro station.
It is close to the elevated Westway section of the A40 road.
Ushita Station is a HRT station on Astram Line, located in 2-4-44, Ushita-shinmachi, Naka-ku, Hiroshima.
Indeed, Network Rail's own "location map" refers to the area as "Lostock Junction".
The station is built on the sea wall, as is the railway line, and has often suffered from storm damage due its proximity to the sea.
When line to Hythe was closed in 1951 the down branch platform was closed.
Kintbury railway station is a railway station in the village of Kintbury, Berkshire, England.
Ermita is also not far from trolleybus Line "E".
The station is located on the London Waterloo–Weymouth main line.
It is located in the community of Streetsville in Mississauga, basically resembling the atmosphere of a heritage site in a modern city.
Covent Garden is a London Underground station in Covent Garden.
In 2004, Cornwells Heights saw 1,104 boardings on an average weekday.
Opened on 1 January 1888, it was originally called Willingdon, but was renamed Hampden Park for Willingdon on 1 July 1903.
It is some distance from Finstock itself, being situated to the north-east of Charlbury Road, which crosses the line on an overbridge.
It is located on South Ealing Road and is in Travelcard Zone 3.
Leawarra railway station is located on the Stony Point line, in Victoria, Australia.
Worli Seaface is also close from here.
Opened on April 4, 1975, it is the southern-most major transit hub in the Metro Vancouver area.
Blairhill railway station serves the Blairhill area of Coatbridge, North Lanarkshire.
The station is between Wapping and Canada Water, and is in Zone 2.
Gilmore is a station on the Millennium Line of the SkyTrain system in Burnaby, British Columbia, Canada.
The station was formerly served by the International Limited, which was operated jointly by Via Rail and Amtrak between Chicago and Toronto.
The name is derived from the aboriginal name for the black and white Australian white ibis bird.
Knaresborough railway station is a Grade II listed station serving the town of Knaresborough in North Yorkshire, England.
Ardgay station has a passing loop, the next loop to the south being at Tain and to the north, Lairg.
The Larne-bound platform was similarly refurbished in early 2012.
It reopened after repairs on 14 February 2011.
It serves the Melbourne Showground in the suburb of Flemington opening on 7 November 1883.
Paulina is an 'L' station on the Chicago Transit Authority's Brown Line.
It is located 27.7 rail kilometers from the northern terminus of the Keikyū Main Line at Shinagawa Station, in Tokyo.
Firestone is an elevated light rail station on the Los Angeles County Metro Blue Line.
Valence TGV was built for and opened along with the LGV Méditerranée, which extends south from Valence to Marseille.
Clapton is on a branch of the Lea Valley Lines that separates into Tottenham Hale or St. James Street.
In 2015/16 it was the least used stop on Line 1.
Per se Metro's station naming conventions, this station is moreso named after its namesake street, rather than the city of Anaheim.
Walloon railway station is located on the Main line in Queensland, Australia.
It was originally served by the Thomastown to Whittlesea AEC railmotor shuttle.
It serves the western Melbourne suburb of St Albans, and opened on 31 October 1982.
As of October 2008, Oyster "pay as you go" can be used for journeys originating or ending at Drayton Green.
Dorking West and Dorking are on the North Downs Line.
Stratford High Street is a Docklands Light Railway station in the district of Stratford in east London, England.
Hexham railway station is located on the Main Northern line in New South Wales, Australia.
Additionally, Northern and Abellio ScotRail jointly operate a limited service to Glasgow Central via Carlisle.
Bloxwich railway station serves Bloxwich, in the Metropolitan Borough of Walsall, West Midlands, England.
It is unmanned, has only a single wooden platform, and is served only by commuter trains.
Trains connect with the Stena Line Dutchflyer boat service to Harwich International in England.
The Chiltern Main Line/London to Aylesbury Line runs to the west of the station.
Shalford railway station serves the village of Shalford, Surrey, England.
It is served by Sydney Trains T4 line services.
East Gwillimbury GO Station is a train and bus station in the GO Transit network located in East Gwillimbury, Ontario, Canada.
It is the third-busiest railway station in the UK outside London.
The "old" Langwith station is described at Langwith station.
The station is managed by Abellio ScotRail, who operate all passenger services from there.
The station was closed in 1980, however the line was not officially closed until 10 March 1983.
It is on the Manchester to Preston and the Liverpool to Manchester lines, both heavily used by commuters.
As Salt Lake Union Pacific Railroad Station, it is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Bologna Centrale is a railway station in Bologna, Italy.
School Board is a Metromover station near the northwestern end of Downtown, Miami, Florida, south of Midtown and west of Omni.
It is situated on the Sutton & Mole Valley Lines between Dorking and Horsham, 27 miles 5 chains from London Waterloo station.
The station is 3¼ miles west of Glasgow Central and 2¾ miles west of Glasgow Queen Street on the Argyle and North Clyde Lines.
Catterick Bridge railway station was a railway station in what is now the Richmondshire district of North Yorkshire, England.
Prior to 16 November 2015, morning peak hour Frankston bound services utilised Platform 3, with Flinders Street bound trains utilising Platforms 1 and 2.
The station is close to North Ealing tube station on the Piccadilly line, 550 metres away at the western end of Queens Drive.
It is the second busiest of the five stations in Manchester city centre.
Port Albert was the original terminus station on the South Gippsland railway line, the railway opening to that station on 13 January 1892
Fröttstädt is a railway station situated in Fröttstädt in the German state of Thuringia.
It stands on the corner of Avenida Oceanía and Avenida Río Consulado, which is part of the Circuito Interior inner ring-road.
That line was closed in 1969 and subsequently lifted.
The station is just off the A415 road, between the villages of Culham and Clifton Hampden.
Llwyngwril railway station serves the village of Llwyngwril in Gwynedd, Wales.
Binegar railway station was a station on the Somerset and Dorset Joint Railway in the county of Somerset in England.
L'Enfant Plaza is a Washington Metro station in the Southwest Federal Center neighborhood of Washington, D.C., United States.
Langstaff GO Station is a train and bus station in the GO Transit network located in Richmond Hill, Ontario in Canada.
Crewe railway station has twelve platforms and a modern passenger entrance containing a bookshop and ticket office.
Barnhill railway station is in Glasgow, Scotland, 3 miles north of Glasgow Queen Street railway station on the Springburn branch of the North Clyde Line.
It is currently managed by Abellio Greater Anglia, which also operates all trains serving the station.
Lake railway station is a station on the Isle of Wight serving the village of Lake.
The Santa Fe quit routing passenger traffic to the stations in 1968 and bypassed downtown Williams for its main east-west line.
It shares its station approach with the adjacent Severn Valley Railway station.
It is served by Sydney Trains T1 Western line services.
Antrim railway station serves Antrim in County Antrim, Northern Ireland.
Abdullah Hukum LRT station is an elevated rapid transit station in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia, forming part of the Kelana Jaya Line.
Bearley railway station serves the village of Bearley in south Warwickshire, England.
The main Knott's Siding was closed in 1922, and was used only as a shunt from Fullwood's siding.
Honeybourne railway station serves the village of Honeybourne in Worcestershire, England.
The original station was built adjacent to Springvale Road, until the station was relocated west to its current location in 1963.
The station also serves as a stop for various private excursion and sightseeing boats, among others, those of the Stern und Kreisschiffahrt and Reederei Riedel companies.
Upminster Bridge is a London Underground station on Upminster Road in the Upminster Bridge neighbourhood of the London Borough of Havering in northeast London, England.
The original station was built in 1838, with two platforms.
Northward service on Line 3 towards Indios Verdes started 1 December 1979.
Until 2003, Belfast-Derry trains reached here by means of the Lisburn-Antrim railway line, however this line was mothballed after re-opening of the Bleach Green line.
Stapleton Road railway station is on the Severn Beach Line and Cross Country Route, serving the inner-city district of Easton in Bristol, England.
It is 6 miles 20 chains down the line from London Liverpool Street and is situated between Forest Gate and Ilford.
Alderley Edge railway station serves the large village of Alderley Edge in Cheshire, England.
The Patsaouras Transit Plaza, on the east side of the station, serves dozens of bus lines operated by Metro and several other municipal carriers.
There is a substantial shelter on the Canterbury-bound platform.
Plumley railway station serves the village of Plumley in Cheshire, England.
Nanjing Road West is an interchange station serving Lines 2, 12 and 13.
The station is managed by Northern, who operate all trains serving it.
The station is owned by Network Rail and managed by East Midlands Trains train operating company.
Lycée Claudel is named for an adjacent French private school.
Thus, between 1907 and 1950, there were two stations called 'Camden Town'.
Arbroath railway station serves the town of Arbroath in Angus, Scotland.
There was an original station named Breaston, but it was very soon renamed Sawley to prevent confusion with Beeston.
It serves the eastern Melbourne suburb of Hawthorn, opening on 13 April 1861.
A number of train services terminate at Macleod, before proceeding to the sidings to stable.
Originally, the station was just called Kraainem, using only Dutch spelling, as it was technically named after the Kraainemlaan, not after the nearby municipality of Kraainem.
Both platforms are still in place, although no longer in use.
It is managed by Southern, which also operates all the trains that call.
The station is on the Chiltern Main Line between Beaconsfield and Saunderton stations.
The station is located on the south-western edge of the village of Fauldhouse.
It was opened in 1939 as a stop on the Bakerloo line.
Minster railway station serves Minster in Kent and surrounding villages.
The station is 29½ miles south of London Victoria and is operated by Southern.
EuroNight and DB NachtZug night services also call at the station.
It was unusual in that it did not serve any community, being simply an interchange.
It forms part of the sole remaining section of the once extensive network that operated across the island.
Girvan railway station is a railway station serving the town of Girvan, South Ayrshire, Scotland.
The station is part of the East West Line and is between Simei and Bedok.
It was opened by the Whitehaven & Furness Junction Railway in 1850.
On the station concourse there are many small shops, cafeterias, and fast food outlets.
The current station building on Platform 1 was provided in 1975.
Fast trains from Woking take approximately 26 minutes to reach Waterloo.
From Logan Square, trains run at intervals of 2–7 minutes during rush-hour periods, and take 14 minutes to travel to the Loop.
The Trans-Mongolian Railway passes through the station.
It closed in 1968 and only the station house and the goods shed remain.
The station was originally intended to be named Millwall Park but around the time the DLR was being constructed Millwall F.C.
Roy Bridge railway station is a railway station serving the village of Roybridge in the Highland region of Scotland.
Aylesbury railway station is a railway station in Aylesbury, Buckinghamshire, England.
The station is one of the busiest in the metro system, and is extremely crowded during peak hours.
The subway station is now a stop on Line 2.
Evanston Davis Street, also called simply Evanston, is a commuter railroad station in downtown Evanston, Illinois, United States.
There are no ticket barriers, although manual ticket checks take place on a daily basis.
Bus route 104 connects West Chester University with Upper Darby's 69th Street Transportation Center.
Hulan Road Station is the name of a station on Shanghai Metro Line 1.
The station is now a private residence.
Attleborough is situated between Eccles Road and Spooner Row, 108 miles 19 chains down-line from London Liverpool Street via Ely.
On June 25, 2017, "National Mall" will be added as a subtitle to "Smithsonian".
In 2011/12, it was the 2nd least used station in Melbourne's metropolitan system, with 55,000 passenger movements.
With almost 16.1 million passenger entries and exits in 2011/12, Brighton was then the seventh-busiest station in the country outside of London.
It is the nearest station to the Center Parcs holiday village at Elveden Forest, approximately five miles to the west.
Eisenhower Avenue is a rapid transit station on the Yellow Line of the Washington Metro in Alexandria, Virginia.
The Wayne bus garage is located on the opposite side of Route 23.
The station consists of two side platforms with turnstiles at each end that connects to the street.
At the London end there is a stabling and servicing area for trains.
Utsunomiya Station is a railway station in Utsunomiya, Tochigi, Japan, operated by the East Japan Railway Company.
The station is situated in the town centre next to Holes Bay.
Weymouth railway station is the main railway station serving the town of Weymouth, Dorset, England.
The station building contains a shopping arcade with circa 15 stores, including two supermarkets.
It is one of two stations that are considered within the Makati Central Business District.
Sagamino Station is a train station on the Sagami Railway in the city of Ebina, Kanagawa, Japan.
This station has a travel agency and a mural.
Kamalapur Railway Station is the central railway station in Dhaka, Bangladesh.
Of the four terminal stations in Liverpool's city centre, Exchange station was the only station not accessed via a tunnel.
The station is served by Metrolink's Antelope Valley Line operating between Los Angeles Union Station and Lancaster and Amtrak Thruway Motorcoach buses to Bakersfield.
Lytham railway station is on the Blackpool South to Preston railway line, in Lancashire, England.
Parallel to this station is a KTM depot for locomotive and for repairing of freight wagons.
Kettwig Stausee is a railway station in the city of Essen in western Germany on the Ruhr Valley line.
Services are operated by Class 323 units.
The track passes through the village and is crossed by a road overbridge on which the station buildings stand.
Ardgay railway station is a railway station serving the village of Ardgay in the Highland council area of Scotland.
It is served by Transdev Brisbane Ferries' CityFerry services.
Heathhill was a railway station on the Strzelecki line in South Gippsland, Victoria, Australia.
Futamatagawa Station is a railway station in Asahi-ku, Yokohama, Kanagawa Prefecture, Japan, operated by the private railway operator Sagami Railway.
The station exit is adjacent to Golders Green bus station; a former exit to Finchley Road is now closed.
The station takes its name from the now abandoned original village of Eccles that was located one mile south of the station.
The Hammersmith & City line's and Circle line's station of the same name is a separate station to the north-west.
Silver Line service at Smithsonian station began on July 26, 2014.
On 29 September 1986, the station was renamed Ton Pentre, when new station buildings were opened.
Berlin Friedrichstraße is a railway station in the German capital Berlin.
North Wembley is a Network Rail station served by London Overground and London Underground services.
As part of the future M5 Line, a new terminal, Eroilor 2, is currently being constructed underneath the existing platforms.
West Hoathly is a closed railway station on what is now the Bluebell Railway.
The station, and all trains serving it, are operated by London Midland.
On the platform, as of 2007, only one or two signs remain that bear the station name to the public.
Avoncliff railway station serves the hamlet of Avoncliff in Wiltshire, England.
The mainline station was originally known as Ravenglass before being lengthened to Ravenglass for Eskdale.
However, after a public outcry, it soon reopened, first as part of the Deepdene Dasher steam service.
Tynong railway station is located on the Orbost line in Victoria, Australia.
It serves MAX Light Rail, being the 6th stop westbound on the Westside MAX.
Attleborough railway station is on the Breckland Line in the east of England, serving the town of Attleborough, Norfolk.
For the closed railway station in Victoria, Australia, see Rutherglen railway station, Victoria
After withdrawal the station at Langwith was razed to the ground.
It is adjacent to Namba Station and JR Namba Station.
The full range of tickets for travel are purchased from the guard on the train at no extra cost.
The two platform station serves all Piccadilly line and District line services including Ealing Broadway, Rayners Lane, Uxbridge, Cockfosters and Upminster.
The two underground entrances leading to the station are not signposted as is usually the case with other stations in the network.
It is served by South West Trains, and for the purposes of fare charging is in Travelcard Zone 6.
Tweed Heads is located next to the border with Queensland, adjacent to its "Twin Town" of Coolangatta, which is a suburb of the Gold Coast.
It is also on the south side of Liberty Village, a former industrial area which has been redeveloped into a residential neighbourhood with retail and restaurants.
Megaro Moussikis station is located just outside the Athens Concert Hall on Vassilissis Sophias Ave.
The platform is a half-island design with the tracks running along the north end, providing only a one-side loading and unloading platform.
It was reopened on 1 June 1864, before closing permanently on 19 October 1964.
It is also the primary transit stop for students attending Merlo Station High School.
The platform was used on 3 or 4 occasions each year.
In 2015/16 it was the most heavily used intermediate stop on Line 1.
It serves the south-eastern Melbourne suburb of Beaconsfield, opening on 1 December 1879.
Melrose Park station is a SEPTA Regional Rail station in Melrose Park, Pennsylvania.
Kaminome Station is a railway station on the Rikuu East Line in Ōsaki, Miyagi Prefecture, Japan, operated by East Japan Railway Company.
The fire also damaged trailer carriage 407T and two stabled Hitachi sets.
The station is between Hainault tube station and Chigwell tube station.
Rail service to Pittsfield ended in 1971 but returned in 1975 and moved to a new shelter downtown in 1981.
Kimball is the 'L' station at the terminus of the CTA's Brown Line.
Colliers Wood is a London Underground station in South London.
The LIRR announced that extra service from Babylon and Hicksville will go directly to Atlantic Terminal during New York Islanders games at Barclays Center.
Grozăveşti is a metro station in Bucharest.
The station has a single platform which serves trains in both directions.
Carshalton Beeches railway station is in south Carshalton in the London Borough of Sutton in south London.
The road is named in memory of the last stationmaster, Thomas Shaw, and a plaque marks the location of the station.
The line through the station, the Welsh Marches Line, remains in use.
Bexhill railway station serves Bexhill-on-Sea in East Sussex, England.
The branch became the second main line in 1915, and the quarries were worked by a backshunt from Eden Hills.
Number of long service trains are starts/ends in Thiruvananthapuram Central.
Edge Hill railway station serves the district of Edge Hill in Liverpool, England.
Watten was a railway station located at the east end of Loch Watten, Highland between Halkirk and Wick, Scotland.
The station and all trains serving it are operated by Southeastern.
Greyhound Canada provided a shuttle service from the station to its bus depot.
All passenger trains on Bergensbanen stop at Arna.
The station is managed by Abellio ScotRail and is on the Glasgow South Western Line.
Seahill railway station is located in the townland of Ballyrobert in the Seahill area of Holywood, County Down, Northern Ireland.
Coulsdon Town railway station serves the northern part of Coulsdon, in the London Borough of Croydon.
It connected villages in The Black Isle peninsula to the railway network via a junction at Muir of Ord.
It is surrounded by Mater Health Services, from which the station derives its name.
Nasushiobara Station is a railway station in Nasushiobara, Tochigi, Japan, operated by East Japan Railway Company.
As the name implies, the station is located at the interchange between Interstate 25 and Broadway in south-central Denver.
Aircraft railway station is located on the Werribee line in Victoria, Australia.
The station and the majority of trains serving it are operated by Northern.
The station was opened on 22 March 1847 and is located on the Paris–Le Havre railway.
The line used to continue to Lewes and Brighton until 1969.
On the DLR it is a terminus for some trains and for others it is a through-station between Stratford High Street and Stratford International.
The station shares its name with the local football ground, The Hawthorns, the home of West Bromwich Albion F.C., which it serves.
In the 1948 nationalisation the Somerset and Dorset Joint Railway became part of the Southern Region of British Railways.
It was opened in 1896 and comprehensively modernised in 1977-1980.
Services have now been replaced by a provisional Bus Rapid Transit line.
The station was built in the M.S.& L.R.
It is on both the Hallam and Penistone Lines operated by Northern.
Passenger services are provided by Arriva Trains Wales.
The railway station is in South Yorkshire but West Yorkshire Metro tickets are also valid to and from this station.
Originally the station was known as Sydenham Hill, due to its proximity to the Crystal Palace, until 1936 when the palace was destroyed by fire.
Parkside Halt was a railway station located between Ulbster and Lybster, Highland.
Goods trains continued to pass through the site until March 1984, when the line was completely closed.
Great Bridge North railway station was a station on the South Staffordshire Line in England.
The station, and all trains serving it, are operated by Southeastern.
Above the tracks, a 300 m long passenger concourse gives easy access to the platforms and is equipped with several travelators.
Frome station was designed by J R Hannaford and opened in 1850.
There is a corresponding Mexico Square in the Ethiopian capital city of Addis Ababa.
In the early 1950s, the station was reduced to being staffed by a caretaker, responsible to the stationmaster at Corio.
Wood Green is a London Underground station on the Piccadilly line.
Riddells Creek railway station is located on the Bendigo line in Victoria, Australia.
It is served by four routes all operated by Brisbane Transport.
It is 5 miles 47 chains down-line from London Charing Cross and is situated between New Cross and Lewisham.
The station is popular with commuters between Llandaf and Cathays, Cardiff Queen Street and Cardiff Central.
It serves the north-eastern Melbourne suburb of Thornbury, and opened on 8 October 1889.
All the original station buildings are long demolished, and only the two platforms remain.
The station opened on 23 August 1985.
The Metropolitan Railway constructed the line between Harrow-on-the-Hill and Uxbridge and commenced services on 4 July 1904 with, initially, Ruislip being the only intermediate stop.
It was then demolished, with no trace remaining today.
The station is operated by London Overground, with London Overground and Southern trains serving the station.
The station and all trains that call are operated by Southeastern.
North of the station are two passing loops, although the northbound one has now been disconnected.
This means passengers wishing to board must signal to the driver and those wishing to alight must inform the conductor.
It has since been re-extended to Thorndale, a few miles west of Downingtown.
Sekine Station is a railway station on the Ōu Main Line in the city of Yonezawa, Yamagata, Yamagata Prefecture, Japan, operated by East Japan Railway Company.
Harlem is a station on the 'L' system, serving the Blue Line's Forest Park branch in Forest Park, Illinois.
North Hollywood is a combined heavy rail subway station and a bus rapid transit station in the Los Angeles County Metro Rail system.
It sat idle for some years, but has now been restored as part of the Yarra Valley Railway, which is based out of Healesville.
The other railway station in the town is Livingston South on the Shotts Line.
It is classed as a "local station" in Transport for London's "Fit for the Future" development outline.
Two small buildings from the station frontage were used as shops until their demolition in August 2003.
It is also a station on Line 12, which opened on 19 December 2015.
Ticket barriers are in operation at this station.
Port Credit GO Station is a train and bus station in the GO Transit network located in the Port Credit neighbourhood of Mississauga, Ontario in Canada.
Hillsboro Central/Southeast 3rd Avenue Transit Center is a light rail station and transit center on the MAX Blue Line in Hillsboro, Oregon.
York railway station is on the East Coast Main Line in the United Kingdom, serving the city of York, North Yorkshire.
TfL Rail, a segment of the upcoming Crossrail, took over the running of the Shenfield "metro" in May 2015.
Located right in the middle of the city, and so close to many landmarks, this is one of the busiest stations on the LRT system.
It is an elevated station with two side platforms, located at 3410 North Lincoln Avenue, in Chicago's Lakeview neighborhood, close to Roscoe Village.
Lake City Way is a station on the Millennium Line of the SkyTrain system in Metro Vancouver, Canada.
The station house was built in 2008 as a replacement for an open covered shelter.
The exception is a weekday late night service at 0048 to Banbury operated by Chiltern Railways.
It was opened on 31 May 1999 and is situated on Midland Metro Line 1.
Until 1873 it was known as Barking Road.
Instead, the station's name refers to a small square situated just west of the station's main entrance.
Geebung railway station is located on the North Coast line in Queensland, Australia.
Further east of the station a siding serves Lafarge aggregate, providing sugar stone for British Sugar.
NJPAC/Center Street is the southernmost station on this line, which links two of Newark's three train stations.
The station, and all trains serving it, are operated by London Midland.
Chesterfield railway station serves the town of Chesterfield in Derbyshire, England.
The station was opened with the others along the northern portion of Line 7 on 29 November 1988.
The station is located on the Hude-Blexen railway.
Consequently, a site was selected in Waterloo, near the LSWR's recently opened London terminus at Waterloo Bridge station.
The location is close to the Outer-ringway giving the zone quick access to both airports of the city.
The station is an unstaffed halt on the Cambrian Coast Railway with passenger services to Harlech, Porthmadog, Pwllheli, Barmouth, Machynlleth and Shrewsbury.
North of the station the 8.6 kilometre Cowan Bank commences its descent.
The station is at the site of the junction between the London to Weymouth mainline and the West Coastway Line running between Southampton and Portsmouth.
The Capitol Corridor service runs between San Jose, CA and Sacramento, CA and offers 30 trains per weekday.
There is also a dead end storage siding beyond the Down end of the platform.
North of the station the railway line crosses the channel on the Kingsferry Bridge.
The station is 36 miles/58 km north west of London Euston on the West Coast Main Line.
It opened in May 1939 as the Los Angeles Union Passenger Terminal, replacing La Grande Station and Central Station.
The station, which was located between Denaby station and Goldthorpe and Thurnscoe Halt, opened on 3 June 1912.
The station has 290 parking spaces, 8 handicapped spaces, and 2 parking spaces which have electric vehicle charging stations.
A parking lot is adjacent, with street parking, both metered and unmetered, throughout the terminal's neighborhood.
The Wayne Route 23 Transit Center is a mass transportation hub located in Wayne, New Jersey, USA.
Parramatta ferry wharf is located at the end of the Parramatta River serving the Sydney satellite city of Parramatta.
The station was originally named Blague Gate, having its name changed to Skelmersdale on 8 August 1874 and carried passengers from 1858 to 1956.
Hamilton Central railway station serves Hamilton, South Lanarkshire in Scotland, lying on the Argyle Line.
Located on the Harrogate Line it is 18.25 miles north of Leeds.
The station was opened on 1 July 1982.
Stabling facilities are located north of the station on either side of the track, trains are also stabled on tracks parallel to the platforms.
The station is located in the central median of Leesburg Pike just west of Spring Hill Road.
It serves the north-eastern Melbourne suburb of Reservoir, and opened on 8 October 1889 as Preston-Regent Street.
This facility replaced one located 8 miles west at Guelph Junction in Campbellville which could not be expanded beyond its five 10 car tracks.
The station opened on November 20, 1978.
It is 91 miles 11 chains down-line from London Liverpool Street via Ipswich, and is situated between Wickham Market and Darsham.
The underground facilities were built as part of the S-Bahn tunnel through central Munich in the early 1970s.
Stratford International is a National Rail and connected Docklands Light Railway station located in Stratford in the London Borough of Newham, east London.
By the 1920s, literally hundreds of excursionists were travelling to Evelyn at weekends and during holiday periods.
A passenger information screen with details of train times was installed at the station in March 2016.
It is on the Maritime Line from Truro to Falmouth Docks.
From Orrell, trains provide services to Manchester, passing through Wigan's Wallgate station.
Harpenden railway station is on the Midland Main Line in England, serving the town of Harpenden, Hertfordshire.
All that remains of it are the upright supports for the platform retaining wall.
Hilsea railway station is a railway station in Portsmouth, England serving the northern end of Portsea Island, including a large industrial estate nearby.
The golf club moved from the site in 1927, and on 23 July 1936, the station was renamed Willison.
Wenjing Road Station is a metro station in the city of Shanghai.
The planned extension to Crystal Palace was formally dropped by Transport for London in 2008.
It is located in the Álvaro Obregón borough of Mexico City, west of the city centre.
It opened for service on December 20, 1969.
A 725 metre long crossing loop is located opposite the station.
In 2008 Peak Rail negotiated a 50-year lease to run into Platform 2 at Matlock.
It was one of a number of smaller stations on the Far North Line which were closed in 1960.
The station is roughly half a mile walk from Fishbourne Roman Palace.
Dowagiac is a train station in Dowagiac, Michigan, served by Amtrak, the United States' railroad passenger system.
Gare de Cherbourg is the railway station of the city of Cherbourg, France.
It opened in April 1868 on the Metropolitan & St. John's Wood Railway, the first northward extension from Baker Street of the Metropolitan Railway.
It is owned by Network Rail and operated by East Midlands Trains train operating company.
According to Network Rail, over 38 million people use it annually, 80% of whom are passengers.
It was renamed Chalk Farm on 1 December 1862 and became Primrose Hill on 25 September 1950.
It is located in the Colonia Centro district of the Cuauhtémoc borough exactly on the heart of Mexico City.
The station is directly linked with the Shopping Mall Sun Plaza through underground.
However, the Riverina Express continued to terminate at Albury until November 1993, with passengers transferring to V/Line services to continue into Victoria.
Niwasaka Station is a railway station on the Ōu Main Line in Fukushima, Fukushima, Japan, operated by East Japan Railway Company.
It serves the Brisbane suburb of Moorooka.
Hickleton and Thurnscoe Halt was a small railway station on the Hull and Barnsley Railway line between Wrangbrook Junction and Wath-upon-Dearne.
It is situated in Smith Street, off Burns Statue Square.
The original station was replaced by a new structure in 1902 and a much reduced facility on this site remains in use today.
Dalreoch railway station serves the west end of Dumbarton in West Dunbartonshire, Scotland.
It is unmanned, and has two acrylic glass passenger shelters, bench seating and an electronic information board.
Eggesford railway station is a rural station in Devon, England, serving Eggesford, the town of Chulmleigh and surrounding villages.
Plans include an hourly service to Newport.
Tullamore railway station serves the town of Tullamore in County Offaly, Ireland.
Brasted is a disused intermediate railway station on the closed Westerham Valley Branch Line in Kent.
Northern Ireland Railways closed the station on 25 March 2005.
This line still has sharp curves at either end of the station where the junctions were located and speed is limited to 30 miles per hour.
The station was opened on 5 July 1845 by the York and North Midland Railway.
It lies between the centres of Belfast and Lisburn.
Step-free access to both platforms is available.
The station was opened on 1 January 1852.
The side platform stop is located between Hillsboro to the west and Beaverton to the east.
In 1984, the station appeared in the movie Witness.
It is not necessarily named for the city of Lakewood, California as Metro Rail usually names most of their stations after the nearest major cross streets.
The East 122nd Avenue station is a MAX light rail station in Portland, Oregon.
Union Station is a station stop for most of Amtrak's Northeast Regional trains and a small number of high-speed Acela Express trains.
Yuzawa Station is a JR East railway station located in Yuzawa, Akita Prefecture, Japan.
It is located 0.9 kilometres from Hakaniemi metro station, and 1.1 kilometres from Kalasatama metro station.
The first train to use the platform ran on 17 June 1959 taking over 1300 people from Silverwood Miners' Welfare Club to Bridlington.
This is the second busiest station in the MARTA system, handling an average of 23,400 boardings per weekday.
Røa is a station on Røa Line of the Oslo Metro, located in the Vestre Aker borough, 7.5 kilometers from Stortinget.
Hamlet Station was originally built in 1900 by the Seaboard Air Line Railroad as both a passenger station and a division headquarters.
Whitehall is an Amtrak intercity train station in the village of Whitehall, New York.
Wellesley Road tram stop is a halt on the Tramlink service in the London Borough of Croydon.
It is next to and visible from the Interstate 880 connector ramps of the MacArthur Maze.
Inside the station building are a manned and self-service ticket sales and a café.
It is located next to the War Memorial Park, the Suntec City Mall and the Suntec Singapore International Convention and Exhibition Centre.
During peak hours, Circle Line trains that begin from here terminate at HarbourFront MRT station, with a few trains terminating at Stadium.
The platform is located on the south side of the tracks accessed via a pedestrian tunnel.
During the following years, the Essen Stadtbahn and the A 40 were other construction projects affecting the station.
Wallasey Village railway station is situated in Wallasey, Wirral, England.
The tram stop is within the section of route where the tram line runs within Addiscombe Road, sharing road space with buses and local traffic.
Success Hill Railway Station is a Transperth railway station 11.6 km from Perth railway station, in Western Australia, on the Midland Line.
The station is at the intersection of Northeast 82nd Avenue and Interstate 84.
It also had an ATM, however this was removed due to vandalism, well before the upgrade commenced.
Ōdōri Station is a subway station in Chūō-ku, Sapporo, Hokkaido, Japan, operated by Sapporo Municipal Subway.
The tracks were lowered to their current position in the late 90s, to alleviate congestion on Lomas Santa Fe Road and Downtown Solana Beach.
"The Directory of Railway Stations" refers to the GWR station being renamed "Coalport West" by British Railways.
However, the Galleria Shopping Centre has been chaining off this carpark, leaving passengers with no parking at one of the busiest bus stations in Perth.
A branch line for goods trains to the port of Felixstowe was opened at Trimley in 1987.
Cyrville is a station on Ottawa's transitway located at Cyrville Road and the Queensway.
It was the terminus for Section One, before full services were extended to Terminal PUTRA in June 1999, as Section Two of the PUTRA system.
A disused sub-surface platform features periodic art installations as part of Transport for London's Art on the Underground scheme.
Its name is attributed to the fact that the station was rebuilt for the high-speed line in order to serve Bonn.
It originally served the Yellow Line from 2004 to 2009 until its relocation to the Portland Transit Mall.
It is located in the southern reaches of Mexico City, in Coyoacán borough.
The south end towards CST gives access to Yousuf Mehar Ali Road, Jama Masjid, Kalbadevi, Crawford Market, Mandvi and the surrounding area.
Shinsen Station is a railway station on the Keio Inokashira Line in Shibuya, Tokyo, Japan, operated by the private railway operator Keio Corporation.
In 1899 the location of the terminus was blocking the expansion of Waterloo station.
Additionally, a service operating only between Aberdeen, Portlethen and Stonehaven has operated since the winter of 2008.
Services from platform 1 go to London Victoria and London Bridge via Tulse Hill.
The station and all trains serving it are currently operated by c2c.
Of the 12 Connecticut stations served by Amtrak, Hartford was the third busiest in 2011.
The station is located at Gilmore Avenue and Dawson Street.
Panmure Railway Station is on the Eastern Line of the Auckland railway network in New Zealand.
A marketplace was created on the ground floor, the former baggage handling area.
The logo for this station is a compass rose and the station takes its name from a nearby street that runs from northeast to southwest.
The station is located close to the Glasgow Science Centre, BBC Scotland, STV Studios, and the SECC.
The New South Wales Government Railways were built to the standard gauge, which meant travellers in both directions had to change trains at Albury.
Seoul Station is a major railway station in Seoul, the capital of South Korea.
Arakawaoki Station is a JR East railway station located in Tsuchiura, Ibaraki Prefecture, Japan.
Metro Valle Gómez is a station along the Line 5 of the metro of Mexico City.
The platforms were lengthened in the 1990s to allow longer trains to call.
Sapperton Station is located on an elevated portion of the Expo Line, a part of Metro Vancouver's SkyTrain rapid transit system.
A passing loop ran behind Platform 2 until 2011, when it was removed to allow a lift to be installed.
Ramps have been added to permit easy disabled access to both platforms.
The station is managed by Great Western Railway, who are also the sole provider of trains serving the station.
The Maudlands district of Preston gets its name from the medieval St. Mary Magdalen's leper hospital, which once stood near the present-day St Walburge's Church.
Lambeg railway station serves Lambeg in County Antrim, Northern Ireland.
Centrale, West Croydon and East Croydon, operate as Tramlink interchanges within the 'Croydon Loop'.
It is operated by Northern, which provides all passenger train services.
The station is located near the Shanghai Railway Museum.
The "Altcar Bob" service operated through Shirdley Hill from July 1906.
This station and all trains serving it are operated by Great Western Railway.
By the early 1980s little remained of the station.
Crângaşi is a metro station in the Crângași neighborhood, northwestern Bucharest.
Haydon Bridge railway station is a railway station which serves the village of Haydon Bridge in Northumberland, England.
Inside the station is a mural by artist Jason Schell entitled A Sunday Afternoon Under Mexico City.
The station closed on 23 September 1987, when the State Transport Authority withdrew Bridgewater line services between Belair and Bridgewater.
The line was dismantled and turned into the Great Southern Rail Trail.
Ardingly was a railway station which served the West Sussex village of Ardingly in England.
The station and all trains serving it are operated by Southeastern.
It is one of the few underground railway stations in the world designed for use by diesel trains.
It is referred to as Staincross for Mapplewell in the July 1922 issue of Bradshaw's Railway Guide.
The station has two side platforms, decorated with the station's signature artwork: Three glass and steel stylized trees on each platform that are illuminated at night.
Additionally, the underground passageway to the platforms was extended north to the district of Damm to improve station access for the residents of that district.
It is located in the West End of Glasgow, Scotland, near to many of the city's best known tourist destinations including:
The station once had extra sidings on the far side of platform 2, as well as a turntable.
Today is served by the Capitol Limited and Lake Shore Limited routes, both of which pass through Sandusky in the middle of the night.
This station is located in Santa Barbara County.
Basel Badischer Bahnhof is a railway station situated in the Swiss city of Basel.
It serves the Logan suburb of Woodridge.
It is located in the Iztacalco borough, to the east of downtown Mexico City city centre.
No direct connection exists between the stations.
Until 22 May 2010, the Lymington Branch Line was operated as a "heritage" service using restored slam-door trains.
The Fort Worth Intermodal Transportation Center is an intermodal transit station in Fort Worth, Texas.
There are entrances to both the 405 and 710 freeways from Wardlow.
Reopening the South Gippsland railway line as far as Leongatha is continuing to feature as a prominent issue for the region.
Certain CDOT Shore Line East commuter rail trains also stop at New London, making it the eastern terminus of commuter rail in Connecticut.
Guadalupe is a passenger rail station in the city of Guadalupe, California.
A signal box controlled the single-line sections to Dolgellau in one direction and Drws-y-Nant in the other.
It is served by Sydney Trains T6 Carlingford line services.
The underground Lime Street Wirral Line station on the Merseyrail network is accessed via the main terminus.
This station is close to the popular camping resort of Shell Island.
Uxbridge High Street railway station in Uxbridge, England, was on what is now Oxford Road near its junction with Sanderson Road.
Currently served by The Crescent, the station was originally operated by the Southern Railway.
It is situated on the electrified northern route of the Liverpool to Manchester Line, forming part of the Liverpool City Line.
It is one of two stations serving the South Brisbane area, the other being South Brisbane station.
The station is on the line between Windsor and Eton Riverside and London Waterloo.
Alloway railway station was a railway station serving the village of Alloway, South Ayrshire, Scotland.
However, a substation and a short section of overhead, that are listed on the Victorian Heritage Register, have been retained, to the west of the station.
However the prioritisation of constructing a line to Strogino, and the importance of locking the bypass made the Moscow government change its original plan.
The metro station opened on August 1, 1970.
Buena Park is a train station at 8400 Lakeknoll Drive in northeastern Buena Park, California, United States, served by Metrolink commuter rail.
The station connects to Hiroden-itsukaichi Station on the Hiroden Lines.
It is located on St. Olavs Gate between Kongens Gate and Dronningens Gate.
The original station was opened with the line on 7 July 1856 and closed on 1 October 1866.
The station is located on the corner of Ferrars and Dorcas Streets, just minutes from South Melbourne Market.
And from Elsinore via the City Centre to Copenhagen Airport and further to Scania and some other provinces in southern Sweden.
All pieces were in place by February.
Pasila station is used to ease the congestion on the city's central station by serving as an alternate point of departure or arrival within Helsinki.
It is currently operated by Abellio Greater Anglia, which also runs all trains serving the station.
Welshpool was a railway station on the South Gippsland line in South Gippsland, Victoria.
There is also a spiral emergency staircase of over 320 steps.
Southport railway station serves the town of Southport, Merseyside, England.
The station is staffed at most times, with a ticket office and machines, and a café on platforms 3 and 4.
The station is owned and operated by Iarnród Éireann and is the southern terminus of the Dublin–Rosslare railway line
Pewsey station has decent passenger usage due to its proximity to Marlborough, about 6 miles away, and other nearby towns and villages with no railway station.
It serves the urban centre of Caboolture in the Moreton Bay Region.
Built by the Atlantic Coast Line Railroad, it is located on the U.S. 98/301 Bypass, across the street from East Meridian Avenue.
Kursky is connected to the Lengradskiy Line from the other side, enabling long-distance trains from St. Petersburg to other cities to pass through Russia's capital.
Metro Zapata is a station on Line 3 and Line 12 of the Mexico City Metro, in the Benito Juárez borough of Mexico City.
Rowlands Castle railway station is a railway station serving the village of Rowland's Castle, Hampshire, England.
Since September 2014, Redditch and Lichfield Trent Valley are now the only stations on the Cross City Line to have single platforms.
The station is operated by Abellio ScotRail who also provide all passenger services.
Oak Street/Southwest 1st Avenue is a light rail station on the MAX Blue and Red Lines in Portland, Oregon.
From Flitwick, trains travel north and serve Bedford and southbound trains serve Luton, Luton Airport Parkway, Harpenden, St Albans, London St Pancras, Gatwick Airport and Brighton.
As of 2013 the station serves about 42,050 passengers daily, many of them tourists visiting the newly rebuilt Cathedral or the Pushkin Museum of Fine Arts.
Morden South railway station is in Morden in the London Borough of Merton.
The station is located in Santa Barbara County.
Southall is a railway station in Southall, west London.
A large number of students from this college use the station for travel to and from Egham.
Tir-Phil railway station is a railway station serving the village of Tir-Phil and the town of New Tredegar, south Wales.
It is located on the Hardangervidda plateau in an area without population or road access.
The station was opened on 15 December 1999.
The station was opened on 16 August 1993, designed by Jouko Kontio and Seppo Kilpiä.
The station buildings date from the opening of the line in 1849.
Jiangwan Town Station is the name of a station on the Shanghai Metro Line 3.
Sunnymeads has one of the lowest passenger usages among stations in South East England with regular services.
When duplication was extended to Lara in September 1981, a new island platform and station building were constructed.
The station was built by the Michigan Central Railroad in 1902, and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1993.
The station's footbridge, both roofs and Manchester-bound platform waiting room were refurbished in Spring 2011.
It is located at 780 Main Street East in the Town of Milton, near Main Street and Ontario Street.
Stanmore was a station in Stanmore, Greater London in what was previously Middlesex.
Starting in 1879, the line was extended from here to Watford, Amersham, Chesham and Uxbridge.
Lara railway station is located on the Port Fairy line in Victoria, Australia.
Boom barriers were provided with the electrification of the line to Cranbourne in 1995.
It was opened in 1888 and like others on the route, has a single island platform serving the two lines that pass through.
This station is part of the southern end of the line.
The station has flared columns faced with white marble which are said to have been inspired by the Temple of Amun at Karnak.
Old Oak Common is a planned railway station in Old Oak Common, northwest London, England.
Nikaho Station is a railway station on the Uetsu Main Line in Nikaho, Akita, Japan, operated by East Japan Railway Company.
The station is located in Södra Ängby and it is an overground station.
EMT have run a daily return train from Lincoln to London St Pancras International Monday to Saturday since December 2008.
Bugle railway station serves the village of Bugle in Cornwall, United Kingdom.
Services on the third track from East Camberwell were extended though the station to Box Hill in December 1971.
The station is surrounded by the suburb of Eastcote; the original centre, now known as Old Eastcote is some distance away.
Brentwood railway station is on the Great Eastern Main Line in the East of England, serving the town of Brentwood, Essex.
The redeveloped interchange was officially opened by Alistair Darling who was then Transport Secretary.
The station buildings and platforms were rebuilt in 1987, and were first noted in use by 7 September 1987.
It kept its original wooden escalator until 2003, one of the last Tube stations to do so.
It is a key exchange station on the Dublin to Maynooth commuter services, Dublin to Mullingar/Longford long distance commuter service and Dublin to Sligo InterCity service.
Nethertown Railway Station serves the village of Nethertown in Cumbria, England.
Albury also had a refreshment room, which closed in August 1975.
Niitsuki Station is a JR East railway station located in Ichinoseki, Iwate Prefecture, Japan.
RapidKL bus and Metro bus provides transport here.
Although thought by some people to have been closed as part of the Beeching axe in 1963 its planned closure pre-dated his report.
Sallins and Naas railway station is located in the centre of the village of Sallins, County Kildare and also serves Naas, 3 km away.
It is classified by Deutsche Bahn as a category 1 station, one of 21 in Germany and two in Munich, the other being München Ost.
It had previously stopped at this station prior to February 15, 2012, with the reconfiguration of the junction to minimize congestion.
Currently the site is used as a base for maintenance crews.
The two stations are separated by the site of the former Catford Stadium.
The station is managed by Thameslink, who operate all trains serving it, and is served by Thameslink route services between Bedford and Brighton.
Carrickfergus railway station serves the centre of Carrickfergus in County Antrim, Northern Ireland.
The station is on the Merthyr Line, and is also the northern terminus of the City Line.
The station is accessible from the east side of Nanaimo Street at Vanness Avenue.
Upper Ferntree Gully railway station is located on the Belgrave line in Victoria, Australia.
Bank Negara Komuter station is a KTM Komuter train station in central Kuala Lumpur, named after the Central Bank of Malaysia headquarters located nearby.
It is one of two railway stations serving the Brisbane suburb of Clayfield, the other being Eagle Junction railway station.
Dockside ferry wharf is located on the southern side of the Brisbane River serving the Brisbane suburb of Kangaroo Point.
Close to this station is the famous area of Kolonaki, known for its shopping centers and cafes.
This line is now part of the Midland Main Line between Loughborough and Long Eaton
It is architecturally similar to its sister station, Minnesota Avenue.
It is located on the Tyne Valley Line 12 miles west of Newcastle towards Carlisle, and is managed by Northern who provide most passenger train services.
Amtrak's present facility at Union Station is located within a building located along the tracks upon the viaduct situated along Lyman Street to the south.
The station was opened in 1858 by the London, Tilbury and Southend Railway on a new more direct route from Fenchurch Street to Barking.
Technically it is not a bus station, just a series of bus stops and bus stands.
Kinbrace railway station is a railway station serving the village of Kinbrace in the Highland council area in the north of Scotland.
BAA Limited, the owners of Glasgow Airport, were expected to fund the building of a walkway from the main terminal building to the proposed railway station.
Iver railway station is a railway station situated in the village of Richings Park, near Iver, Buckinghamshire, England.
The station presently serves as the southeastern terminus for the Green Line, with the Branch Avenue rail yard lying just beyond this station.
It is also a proposed station on the Crossrail 2 proposed line.
It is currently operated by South West Trains.
The closest station on the Chiltern Line and Central line is West Ruislip, accessible by the U1 and U10 buses.
This is because during peak hours, all trains coming from Stratford International go to Woolwich Arsenal instead.
In August 2011, a train driver apprehended a man walking on tracks near the station.
Liverpool Central railway station in Liverpool, England, forms a central hub of the Merseyrail network, being on both the Northern Line and the Wirral Line.
It is 269 miles 22 chains down the line from London King's Cross and is situated between Newcastle to the south and Cramlington to the north.
Riverwalk is a Metromover station in Downtown, Miami, Florida near the northern banks of the Miami River and adjacent to the Miami Riverwalk.
on its present site at Station Walk on 1 June 1877 with only an up platform, and a brake van as an office.
The site of the former station is occupied by fuel sidings used by Prestwick Airport.
It opened in 1874 at the same time the line opened.
A third station, Newhaven Marine, is notionally open, but has not had a train service since 2006.
Train services from the station are provided by Southern, and the station is on the Seaford Branch of the East Coastway Line.
It serves the southern end of Dublin 4, St Vincent's Hospital at Elm Park and the RTÉ Radio & Television studios at Montrose, Donnybrook.
East Midlands Trains express services from Nottingham, Sheffield and Leicester pass through but do not stop.
It is an unstaffed halt on the Coleraine-Portrush railway line, less than a mile from the terminus, with a single platform.
When Shifnal was controlled by semaphore signalling it boasted a three-storey signal box.
Selhurst railway station is in the London Borough of Croydon in south London 9.4 miles from Victoria.
Thameslink and some Southern services pass through the station.
The newly built station was officially opened to passengers on the 5th November 1877.
The station was opened to compete with the Glasgow and South Western Railway owned station at Winton Pier on the opposite side of the harbour.
Doraville serves as the ground for the Doraville rail yard for the Gold line, with a capacity of 30 rail cars.
PWTC LRT station is an LRT station in Kuala Lumpur that is served by the RapidKL Ampang Line and Sri Petaling Line.
Train services from the station are provided by Southern, and the station is on the East Grinstead branch of the Oxted Line.
It serves as an alternate access to the park and is often favored by riders wishing to avoid the crowds at Victoria Park/Stampede.
Although thought by some people to have been closed as part of the Beeching axe in 1963 its planned closure pre-dated his report.
A number of special passenger trains visited Maffra on occasions, including a steam hauled service from Melbourne hauled by locomotive K153 in August 1990.
The relocation of Geelong Grammar School to its new site on 8 January 1914 helped to further increase the station's importance.
In early 1983, the current station was built, to eliminate the level crossing at Station Street.
On 6 November 1997, Central Trains and the Director of Passenger Rail Franchising proposed the closure of the line.
Koo Wee Rup was a railway station on the South Gippsland line in South Gippsland, Victoria, Australia.
Drws-y-Nant railway station in Gwynedd, Wales, was formerly a station on the Ruabon to Barmouth line.
Staveley railway station is a railway station in Staveley in Cumbria, England.
Athlone was a railway station on the Strzelecki line in South Gippsland, Victoria, Australia.
The first sod of soil turned in the construction of the Outtrim railway line was on 6 March 1885.
The station buildings were destroyed by fire in the late 1990s.
Shibakawa Station is a railway station on the Jōetsu Line in Shibukawa, Gunma, Japan, operated by the East Japan Railway Company.
It is on the Esk Valley Line and is operated by Northern who provide all of the station's passenger services.
It is serviced by NSW TrainLink Hunter line services travelling between Hamilton and Dungog.
The railway station is a request stop on the scenic Cumbrian Coast Line north of Barrow-in-Furness.
Ruislip Manor is a London Underground station in Ruislip Manor in west London.
The station was known as Copland Road until 1977.
Passenger service between MIA, through Downtown Miami, and to the southern Miami suburb of Kendall opened in Summer 2012.
The down platform, despite receiving a complete refurbishment two years prior, has now been taken out of service and the track lifted.
Located on the York to Scarborough Line it was opened on 5 July 1845 by the York and North Midland Railway.
The Transrapid line connecting Munich's central station and the airport was planned to use the former S-Bahn and freight train right-of-way leading to this station.
Hamlet is a train station located in Hamlet, North Carolina.
Seven Sisters is a London Overground and London Underground Victoria line station in the Seven Sisters area of the London Borough of Haringey, north London.
In 2010, a new Curzon Street station, partly on the site of the historical station, was proposed as the Birmingham terminus for High Speed 2.
Metro Niños Héroes is a metro station along Line 3 of the Mexico City Metro.
Milton station will get a new ticketing office, updated public amenities, increased visibility across platforms and new access points off Milton Road and Railway Terrace.
There is no Amtrak ticket office at this station, but there is "Quik-Trak" machine for automated ticketing.
The station lies off the A2 trunk road, about 5 mi from its junction with the M25 motorway.
South Wimbledon is a London Underground station in south-west London.
Pokesdown railway station is a railway station serving the Pokesdown, Boscombe and Southbourne areas of Bournemouth in Dorset, England.
Dadeland North station is a station on the Metrorail rapid transit system in the Dadeland area of Miami-Dade County, Florida.
It is named for Martin Luther King, Jr. and nearby Memorial Drive.
Lewisham railway station is located on the Main Suburban line, serving the Sydney suburb of Lewisham.
Its three letter station code is SML.
The station was opened on May 15, 1935 as a part of the first stage of the Metro.
Wigton railway station serves the town of Wigton in Cumbria, England.
Located on Marine Avenue in Redondo Beach, California, it is the western terminus of the Green Line.
The 1991 Bank extension joins the main DLR line just to the west of Shadwell.
A new station building is awaiting planning approval, and a third railway platform is being worked on.
All Virgin Trains East Coast services between London and Edinburgh stop at Newcastle.
The single platform is located on the south of the tracks with a view of the Santa Barbara Channel and the Channel Islands.
Clapham Common is a London Underground station in Clapham within the London Borough of Lambeth.
The platforms buildings dating from the 19th century contain two bookshops, bars, buffets and waiting rooms.
It serves the Brisbane suburb of Cannon Hill.
The town of Chorleywood is located in the Three Rivers district of Hertfordshire about 20 miles from London.
Two platforms are unused with two tracks used for train stabling.
London Necropolis railway station was the Waterloo, London terminus of the London Necropolis Railway.
It is 296 miles 19 chains down the line from London King's Cross and is situated between Widdrington to the south and Alnmouth to the north.
The outside tracks are used by the District line.
The station straddles the Prime Meridian, which is marked across the roof of the pedestrian tunnel forming the main entrance.
On the London-bound platform is a manned ticket office and a self-service passenger-operated Ticket Machine.
Platform 3 was built when services on the third track from East Camberwell were extended through the station to Box Hill in December 1971.
The station is at the intersection of SE 197th Avenue and Burnside Street.
It is located in fare zone 3.
Kings Hill/Southwest Salmon Street is a light rail station on the MAX Blue and Red Lines in the Goose Hollow neighborhood of Portland, Oregon.
Flinders Street is served by Metro's suburban services, and V/Line regional services to Gippsland.
The station is signed as Miami International Airport on Metrorail and Miami Airport Station on Tri-Rail and Amtrak.
It is on the Gospel Oak to Barking Line in Zone 3, between Leytonstone High Road and Woodgrange Park.
Berlin Ostkreuz is a station on the Berlin S-Bahn suburban railway and the busiest interchange station in Berlin.
On December 23, 2009, the station was reopened following upgrades to the station infrastructure.
Miyazaki Station is a JR Kyushu railway station located in Miyazaki, Miyazaki Prefecture, Japan.
The building was renovated in 1963 with the addition of lavatories.
Usually one train per hour, particularly the fast service to Dorking or Horsham, does not stop at Ewell East.
Seven Kings railway station is on the Great Eastern Main Line serving the district of Seven Kings in the London Borough of Redbridge, east London.
Blackheath railway station is located on the Main Western line in New South Wales, Australia.
The station was rebuilt in 1985, and included new station buildings and passenger facilities, as well as an update to the bus terminal facilities.
The logo of the station is the insignia of Escuadrón 201.
Chibiki Station is a railway station in the town of Tōhoku, Aomori Prefecture, Japan, operated by the third sector railway operator Aoimori Railway Company.
For a short period, this left the line from Camberwell to Ashburton as the last remaining stretch.
Additionally the Meadow Lane, South Erewash/Trent Station North, Sawley Junction and Platt's Crossing components were removed when those sections of line disappeared.
Rugeley Town railway station serves the town of Rugeley in Staffordshire, England.
Buckhead is a train station in Atlanta, Georgia, serving the Red Line of the Metropolitan Atlanta Rapid Transit Authority rail system.
It is listed on the Victorian Heritage Register.
The platforms are at the bottom of two ramps which until recently was cobbled on the Kirkby bound platform.
It was opened in 1845 and retains its original layout with staggered platforms on either side of a road level crossing.
Cronulla railway station is the terminus station of the Cronulla line, serving the Sydney suburb of Cronulla.
Reddish South is a station in Reddish, Stockport, England, on the Stockport-Stalybridge Line, famous for having only one train a week in one direction.
An express passenger train had the sides of its carriages ripped open by the signal post.
Amtrak service has been delayed because the platforms were constructed to insufficient length.
It serves the central Helsinki districts of Sörnäinen and Kallio.
Woodcroft Halt railway station was a former railway halt located in the parish of Buriton between Rowlands Castle and Petersfield on the Portsmouth Direct Line.
Barry Docks Railway Station is one of three railway stations serving the town of Barry, South Wales.
It is operated by Southern, who also provide almost all the train services.
The station was opened on 30 November 2000.
The station's usage has more than doubled since 2004/2005.
In 1899 the Ryazan-Ural Railway reached Moscow, so that a new railway station was needed.
Along with the other stations on the line it closed in 1969.
It is one of three stations serving the Brisbane suburb of Wynnum, the other two being Wynnum and Wynnum North.
It was originally named Pullen Pullen Flats.
The street address is 350 Hancock Street, about 1.5 miles to the northeast of downtown Gastonia.
Closed sometime in the 1980s, the buildings remain largely intact, but sidings has been removed and the track realigned from the platform.
Shuri Station is a railway station on the Okinawa Monorail located in Naha, Okinawa Prefecture, Japan.
The station is located along Old Pineville Road at Grover Road just to the south of Tyvola Road.
The line was opened for freight in 1872 and to passengers in 1874.
Iarnród Éireann, Ireland's national railway operator, runs inter-city rail services between Sligo and Dublin on the Dublin-Sligo railway line.
6 Street Southwest station and 7 Street Southwest station are CTrain light rail stations in downtown Calgary, Alberta, Canada.
An Oyster Card extension to Cheshunt station was introduced on 2 January 2013, with the station in Travelcard zone 8.
This was the northern extent of the Sutherland Railway.
Buranda railway station is located on the Cleveland line in Queensland, Australia.
The Ashokan Station was a station location located at MP 16.2 on the Ulster & Delaware Railroad in Ulster County, New York.
It was opened on August 16, 1986.
The station could only be accessed by a path from the Bala to Dolgellau road.
The Oulu Railway Station is located in the centre of Oulu, Finland, in the city district of Vaara.
It is unstaffed, although the station buildings on the eastbound platform still survive.
The station is 3.5 km north of Wrexham Central on the Borderlands Line.
The railway station is a request stop on the scenic Cumbrian Coast Line 15 miles south of Whitehaven.
The platforms and buildings survived however, and following several years of use by Dalesrail excursions it was reopened on a full-time basis in July 1986.
Beijingdong Railway Station or Beijing East Railway Station is a railway station in Chaoyang District, Beijing.
Hapton railway station serves the English village of Hapton 3 miles west of Burnley Central railway station on the East Lancashire Line operated by Northern.
Ewell East has been part of Travelcard Zone 6 since January 2007.
It is on the Hainault loop of the Central line, in Zone 4.
The railroad enlarged the structure in 1924.
Mairie d'Issy is a station on line 12 of the Paris Métro in the commune of Issy-les-Moulineaux.
Skagen station is the main railway station serving the town of Skagen, Denmark.
It opened as the terminus of the London and Birmingham Railway on 20 July 1837.
It is on the Medway Valley Line, and train services are provided by Southeastern.
It is served by Sydney Trains T3 Bankstown line services.
The Hayes line service on the suburban commuter railway line between Hayes and London Charing Cross through Elmers End is still in use.
Montrose railway station serves the town of Montrose in Angus, Scotland.
On the WLL, National Rail services are provided by Southern and London Overground.
Disused stations Ballarat East, Warrenheip, Bungaree and Gordon are located between Ballarat and Ballan.
The altitude is 988 metres above sea level.
Incoming U-Bahn services stop at track 2 on a central platform, which provides cross-platform interchange with the S-Bahn, which stops on track 3.
TfL Rail, the precursor of Crossrail, took over the running of the Shenfield "metro" in May 2015.
Devon was a railway station on the Woodside railway line in Victoria, Australia.
The station is popular with commuters travelling to Edinburgh from Fife and beyond, thanks to its location beside the M90 motorway.
The station and all trains that call are operated by Southeastern.
Aberdeen railway station is the only railway station in Aberdeen, Scotland.
The Sultan Ismail LRT station stands between Sekolah Kebangsaan Lelaki Jalan Batu and Chung Kwok Primary School.
Fairfield Industrial Dog Object, a 6-metre-tall wooden sculpture of a dog, is located adjacent to the level crossing, at the eastern end of Platform 2.
University of Queensland ferry wharf is located on the southern side of the Brisbane River serving the Brisbane suburb of St Lucia.
It is located on Bell Spur Drive at Trinity Boulevard.
These trains usually divide here with the front portion travelling fast and the rear half providing stopping services.
It is served by the line S7 in the direction of Kreuzstraße and Wolfratshausen in 20 minute intervals.
Kirrawee railway station is located on the Cronulla line, serving the Sydney suburb of Kirrawee.
It was upgraded to a Premium station on 16 August 1995.
Siam station is the only BTS station utilising an island platform to facilitate transfer between lines, while all other stations are built with side platforms.
It is located opposite of Ampang Park Shopping Centre along Jalan Ampang, near the Jalan Tun Razak intersection.
The station is in the sub-district of Sands End where the railway passes over Townmead Road.
It is currently served by Amtrak, the United States' national passenger rail service, and is a stop on the Crescent line.
Fair Complex/Hillsboro Airport is a light rail station on the MAX Blue Line in Hillsboro, Oregon, United States.
The station was called "Tunstall" when it opened on 4 June 1888, but was renamed "Nunawading" on 1 November 1945.
The garage includes a mostly unused 74-space secured parking area for bicycles, opened in 2010.
Burnsville Center is located in Burnsville, Minnesota.
It was upgraded to a Premium station on 9 November 1995.
Campbellfield Station closed because it was relocated to the Upfield housing estate of Campbellfield to serve the suburb better.
The station has a single platform on a single track branch.
A large building constructed in the Renaissance Revival style fronts the station.
The station is on the Uxbridge branch of the Metropolitan line, between Rayners Lane and Harrow-on-the-Hill stations, and in Travelcard Zone 5.
It opened on 28 March 1994 and is named after the nearby Royal Victoria Dock.
The station is named after Sengaku-ji, a nearby temple famous for housing the graves of the Forty-seven Ronin.
There are four National Rail surface platforms and two London Underground underground platforms.
Ajax GO Station is a train and bus station in the GO Transit network located in Ajax, Ontario, Canada.
The station is within walking distance to Chinatown, or more commonly known as Petaling Street.
Numerous improvements were made as part of the New Works Programme and as a flood protection measure.
Baclaran LRT station is a station on the Manila Light Rail Transit System Line 1 or.
It runs under La Trobe and William Streets, near the north western corner of the CBD.
Freight continued on the Almond Valley line until September 1967.
Folkestone West and all trains that call are operated by Southeastern.
Because of this, Delta originates the Brussels Metro’s earliest services in the morning and is also the last station where metro trains terminate at night.
Mitcham Junction is not in the centre of Mitcham but is near the historic Cricket Green Conservation Area, across Mitcham Common.
This station remains partially intact with its platform and signals still in reasonable condition, the track along this section is still in reasonable condition.
On these routes it is the first station trains pass through after the North-South connection.
Deptford is a suburban railway station in the UK capital city of London.
It is the 10th busiest station on Melbourne's metropolitan network, with some 2.5 million passenger movements recorded in 2011/12.
The station generally enjoys an hourly train service to Rhymney & Cardiff Central, although it has additional trains in the peak hours.
The line offers southbound service to Wilmington and Newark, Delaware and northbound service to Philadelphia.
In times past this area was important for coal mining, at Oakerthorpe, South Wingfield, with a branch to Shirland
Norman Park ferry wharf is located on the northern side of the Brisbane River serving the Brisbane suburb of Norman Park.
It is located in the borough of Grünerløkka and is the first stop on the line after Oslo Central Station.
It is 9 miles 28 chains down-line from St Pancras and is situated between Hendon to the south and Elstree & Borehamwood to the north.
With Northamptonshire's history in the shoe industry, the film Kinky Boots filmed in the county and featured Wellingborough station but branded it as Northampton.
Latrobe is an Amtrak train station located about 40 miles east of Pittsburgh at 329 McKinley Avenue, Latrobe, Pennsylvania.
Freight traffic declined as demand decreased, and Traralgon station was eventually de-electrified in 1987.
Capitol Corridor's Oakland Coliseum station, the newest Capitol Corridor station, consists of a side platform on a side track.
Cardiff Queen Street railway station is a railway station serving the north and east of Central Cardiff, Wales.
Pirron Yallock had an adjacent racecourse and the station was quite busy at race times with trains conveying racegoers to these events.
Yarragon railway station is located on the Orbost line, in Victoria, Australia.
Between 2004–5 and 2005–6, passenger usage fell by 21%, but in the years since, it has risen again by more than 60%.
The station, and all trains serving it, are operated by London Midland.
The two platforms are connected by an old, metal, bridge.
All the original sidings have now gone and now form part of the car park.
It was 233 km from Southern Cross station.
An old wood depot, built in 1881 between the Union Pacific and BNSF railroads, has been moved and repurposed.
The windows are latticed, and look very cosy, whilst all the waiting-rooms and other necessary adjuncts to such a station are well fitted up.
It is the northern terminus of the people mover system.
The station was upgraded to a Premium station in 1999.
It was designed by the architect bureau Kaupunkisuunnittelu Oy Jarmo Maunula.
Sloane Square is a London Underground station in Sloane Square.
Flagstaff is an Amtrak train station at 1 East Route 66 in Flagstaff, Arizona.
The metro station also services the Plaza Romania mall.
It is on the Arbatsko-Pokrovskaya Line, between Kuntsevskaya and Park Pobedy stations.
The site is listed on the Victorian Heritage Register.
The ticket office is still present, but is not used.
The line follows the Metro Silver Line route until terminating in Downtown Los Angeles: Union Station.
It serves the town of Bacchus Marsh, and opened on 10 February 1887, as the temporary terminus of the line from Melbourne.
Named after Martin Place, it is served by Sydney Trains T4 Eastern Suburbs & Illawarra Line services and NSW TrainLink South Coast Line services.
There is a crossover south of the station which allows trains from Stratford and Poplar to reverse here.
Until 1968 it was known as Aintree Sefton Arms after a nearby public house.
Canberra railway station is located on the Canberra line in the Australian Capital Territory, Australia.
The Belleville railway station in Belleville, Ontario, Canada is served by Via Rail trains running from Toronto to Ottawa and Montreal.
Dundas railway station is located on the Carlingford line, serving the Sydney suburb of Dundas.
The station building houses a ticket sales agent and a waiting room.
The station's platforms have a continuous significant gradient.
McKinnon railway station is located on the Frankston line, in Victoria, Australia.
Sefton railway station is located on the Main South line, serving the Sydney suburb of Sefton.
The station is on the Cambrian Coast Railway with passenger services to Barmouth, Harlech, Porthmadog, Pwllheli, Aberdovey, Machynlleth and Shrewsbury.
Trains starting from Churchgate pass through Mahalaxmi.
The stations are built into the sidewalks of Yamhill and Morrison Streets.
Other pieces or railway infrastructure remaining at the station include a goods shed and crane.
The original station later became the terminus of the North Norfolk Railway heritage line.
It serves the Frognal and South Hampstead areas.
The station is part of the Sri Petaling Line.
Mont Albert railway station is located on the Lilydale and Belgrave lines in Victoria, Australia.
The new Southeastern re-branded station signage and livery has since corrected this inaccuracy.
It re-opened on 15 December 2013 after the completion of the tunnel.
This line is now part of the Midland Main Line between Long Eaton and Derby
It serves the town of Mittagong in the Southern Highlands.
Hakaniemi metro station was also featured in Bomfunk MC's music video for the hit single "Freestyler".
Nakakido Station is a railway station operated by the Keikyū Keikyū Main Line located in Kanagawa-ku, Yokohama, Kanagawa Prefecture, Japan.
During the war, the completed train tunnels at Redbridge were used by the Plessey company as an aircraft parts factory.
The station was formerly known as Primátora Vacka after communist politician Václav Vacek.
Central do Brasil is the most important train station in the Brazilian city of Rio de Janeiro.
Flowery Field railway station serves the Flowery Field area of Hyde, Greater Manchester, England.
The station has a two-hourly service in each direction on weekdays.
The station currently has four 12-car services in the morning and two in the evening.
A ticket office was built in 2007 and car parking provision has been expanded on several occasions.
The walls of the station are made of yellow and beige tiles with the floor being built in uniform yellow mosaic pieces.
It is located in fare zone 2.
Glenrothes with Thornton railway station serves the communities of Glenrothes and Thornton in Fife, Scotland.
It is directly below and serves the ethnic district of Chinatown.
Millwall Junction was a railway station in Poplar, east London, on the London and Blackwall Railway.
Being one of the original Go Stations built in 1967, it is now scheduled for modernization.
Morningside railway station is located on the Cleveland line in Queensland, Australia.
The station has a ticket office, automatic ticket machines and a small coffee shop.
Liphook was also one terminus for the circular "Rail-link" bus service which ran between the station and town of Bordon via Lindford and Whitehill.
The station opened on 15 September 1890 as Cowie's Creek, being renamed Cowie on 9 May 1904 and Corio on 1 December 1913.
Access between platforms is via a covered overhead bridge, with lifts available.
On a trial basis in the 1990s, one service each way made a request stop on a Sunday, however this was not a success.
The station serves as an interchange station for the Sri Petaling Line and Ampang Line, formerly known as STAR.
The current station building was provided in the mid 1970s.
Access to the Pentagon is now gained via a new secured entrance facility above ground near the bus depot and the entrances to the subway station.
It is 64 miles 58 chains down-line from London Victoria and is situated between Canterbury East and Adisham.
Anstey railway station is located on the Upfield line in Victoria, Australia.
It operated first as part of the Nantlle Tramway and afterwards as a railway under the auspices of several different companies.
Brixton railway station is a commuter railway station in Brixton, South London, UK.
The station was the terminus of the branch line from Ballinluig.
The stations took their name from the nearby bridge, Manseibashi.
The Avoca line from Ararat is standard gauge and dual gauge track that runs through Maryborough to the north as far as Dunolly.
Fish Creek was a railway station on the South Gippsland line in South Gippsland, Victoria.
Bielefeld Hauptbahnhof is the main station in the region of Ostwestfalen-Lippe in German state of North Rhine-Westphalia.
Tallarook railway station is located on the North East line, in Victoria, Australia.
Bentleigh railway station is located on the Frankston line, in Victoria, Australia.
The station is managed by Abellio ScotRail and is on the Glasgow South Western Line 10 miles southeast of Glasgow Central towards East Kilbride.
Harefield Road was a proposed London Underground station on the western extension of the Central line beyond its current terminus at West Ruislip.
This was closed on 5 September 1966.
Although the station is not officially closed, no trains currently call at the station and it is instead served by a rail replacement bus.
Off-peak, trains tend to alternate between Tower Gateway and Stratford International.
Access was provided by the so-called Northern Ring, a normally freight-only railway line.
Rotherham Central is the only railway station in Rotherham since the closure of Rotherham Masborough, in 1988.
Greyhound later discontinued offering this service altogether.
The station currently serves Amtrak's Silver Service line and also houses the Palatka Railroad Preservation Society and the David Browning Railroad Museum.
Kirribilli ferry wharf is located on the northern side of Sydney Harbour serving the Sydney suburb of Kirribilli.
The station is managed by London Midland, who also operate all trains serving it.
It is 30 miles north-west of Leeds on the Leeds to Morecambe Line operated by Northern who also manage the station.
The station is managed by Abellio Greater Anglia, which also operates all of the services calling at the station.
South West Trains operate a regular service between Salisbury and Romsey via Southampton Central.
It opened on 19 May 2008 when the Northern Busway was extended from Normanby to King George Square.
New Holland railway station is a single platform station which serves the village of New Holland in North Lincolnshire, England.
It served the south-eastern Melbourne suburb of McKinnon.
Sprinters were not permitted on the branch because of compatibility issues with the obsolete low-voltage track circuits used on the line.
It is located on the Sleaford to Boston section of the Nottingham to Skegness line.
North Jiangyang Road Station is the name of a station on the Shanghai Metro Line 3.
It closed in December 1964 as recommended in the Beeching Report.
Hill End railway station was on the Great Northern Railway branch from Hatfield to St Albans in Hertfordshire, England.
Lostock itself is some distance to the west of the station.
It is on the New Guildford or Guildford via Cobham & Stoke D'Abernon Line the termini of which are London Waterloo and Guildford.
Salto del Agua is a transfer station and contains a cultural display.
On the National Rail network it is also known as London Marylebone and is the southern terminus of the Chiltern Main Line to Birmingham.
It is a surface station and the southern terminus of the line.
It is on the Circle and Hammersmith and City lines, between Ladbroke Grove and Royal Oak stations and is in Travelcard Zone 2.
The junction is grade-separated so trains branching to and from Colchester Town or the Sunshine Coast Line do not cross the main line.
Ang Mo Kio MRT Station is an above-ground Mass Rapid Transit station on the North South Line in Ang Mo Kio, Singapore.
The station building is now situated in the Coal Creek Community Park and Museum at Korumburra, Victoria, Australia.
The footbridge was replaced by a modern metal structure.
The station facilities, although constructed by GO Transit, are within a major east-west electricity transmission corridor owned by Hydro One Networks, a provincially owned crown corporation.
From Marrakesh there is a direct rail link to Casablanca and Fes.
Oxford Park railway station is located on the Ferny Grove line in Queensland, Australia.
The station serves the Colonia Vallejo and Colonia Peralvillo neighborhoods of the Azcapotzalco borough in the northern portion of Mexico City.
As a result, the station has an extra-wide southbound platform, the longest escalators on the Underground network and the fourth-longest escalators in Western Europe.
The station is served by the Metro Blue Line and the Metro Expo Line.
Stonebridge Park is a Network Rail station between Tokyngton and Stonebridge, in the London Borough of Brent.
By October 2009 these works were complete.
All that remains of this station now is the platform mound, however the track is still in reasonable condition.
Passengers to or from Westport travel to Athlone and change trains.
It is at the intersection of Universidad and Coyoacan avenues.
Belgrave railway station is the terminus of the Belgrave line in Victoria, Australia, and serves the eastern Melbourne suburb of Belgrave.
It is located in the Benito Juárez borough of Mexico City, west of the city centre.
GO Transit also operates Airport Express GO Bus service from Richmond Hill Centre Terminal to Toronto Pearson International Airport.
Aspatria railway station serves the town of Aspatria in Cumbria, England.
It lay between Charlton Marshall Halt and Stourpaine and Durweston stations, to the north-west of the line's terminus at the now-closed Bournemouth West station.
Liscard and Poulton railway station was located in Wallasey, Wirral, England and was an intermediate station on the Seacombe branch of the Wirral Railway.
The last train on 17 May 1993,and the train service was replaced with a taxi.
The station was closed to passengers by the Southern Region of British Railways on 5 February 1955 and to freight traffic on 20 May 1966.
The station is on ground level, at N. Ardmore Ave. and W. Terrace St., with parking lots north and south of the tracks.
West Worthing railway station is in Worthing in the county of West Sussex, England.
Switching out facilities were also provided at Yarragon during this time.
The station handles over half a million passengers daily on conventional rail, metro, and high-speed rail.
It serves the City of Lake Macquarie suburb of Boolaroo.
King St. Station is also the Seattle terminus for the Rocky Mountaineer's luxury excursion train, the Coastal Passage.
It is one of the few stations that has a store accessible inside - a FamilyMart.
It serves as the eastern weekday terminus for the OC Transpo transitway route 95.
Also, it is the terminus for some trains on the Edinburgh and Glasgow Lines through Aberdeen as part of the Aberdeen Crossrail project.
The station has an information desk, facilities for the handicapped and a cultural display.
It serves the Brisbane suburb of Wooloowin.
The station was built in 1909 when the Rjukan Line opened and electrified in 1911 and closed when traffic on the Rjukan Line ceased in 1991.
It has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1975.
Newport railway station is the third-busiest railway station in Wales, situated in Newport city centre.
Coliseum station is an Edmonton Light Rail Transit station in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada.
It is located on the north side of the city centre and is served by the Glasgow Subway.
The station is sponsored by AXA Winterthur Insurance, which is based in the town.
Orihata Station is a railway station in Nan'yō, Yamagata, Japan, operated by the Yamagata Railway.
Maryborough is a major junction with cross country routes to Moolort and Ararat.
It was first used for the race meeting held on Wednesday 14 December of that year.
Bus services to the airport terminal are provided by Stagecoach Bluebird's 80 Jet Connect route.
The southern building is the present terminus of Athens Metro Line 1, formerly the Athens-Piraeus Electric Railways that opened in 1869.
Chūgun Station is a railway station in Kawanishi, Yamagata Prefecture, Japan, operated by East Japan Railway Company.
It is one of the prominent landmarks of the city of Chennai.
The buildings were designed by Thomas Chambers Hine.
The Eastern Area Mine operated from 1919 to 1947 while this section of track operated until the 1950s.
Auchincruive railway station was a railway station serving the settlement of St Quivox and the estate of Auchincruive, South Ayrshire, Scotland.
The Luz Station is the common name for a railway station in the Luz neighbourhood in São Paulo, Brazil.
Royal Caribbean is one of the port's primary tenants.
In 1963 the station was refurbished and equipped with electric lighting, along with some other stations on the line.
It closed permanently in 1977 when the rest of the network was closed for modernisation.
This station has an enclosed waiting room, but is unmanned.
This means Network Rail must maintain it in its present form.
The station is managed by Abellio ScotRail and is served by trains on the Glasgow South Western Line.
It is served by Sydney Trains T1 Northern services.
Yorkdale Bus Terminal is located at 1 Yorkdale Road, Toronto, Ontario, Canada.
Wylam railway station is a railway station serving Wylam in Northumberland, England.
It is the nearest station to Chelmsley Wood.
North of here at Denton Junction the line divides, with the main passenger line to Guide Bridge and the now little used branch to Ashton Moss.
Only 1,060 passenger journeys started or ended at Hoscar in 2014/15.
Eden Park railway station serves Eden Park in the London Borough of Bromley in south east London, in Travelcard Zone 5.
This makes it an important connection for buses, especially Night Owl connections.
Anniston is an Amtrak train station at 126 West 4th Street in Anniston, Alabama.
The station is between Ascot and Bracknell on the London Waterloo – Reading line.
There was also a livestock siding with unloading facilities and stock yards.
Although thought by some people to have been closed as part of the Beeching axe in 1963 its planned closure pre-dated his report.
The station was opened in 1910, consisting of a "waiting shed" and a goods siding.
This branch terminated in the east of Aylesbury and made no connection to the GCR/Metropolitan Railway station in that town.
The station is served by Thameslink trains on the Sutton Loop Line.
It is managed by London Midland, although most of the services from the station are operated by Chiltern Railways.
The station is 27 metres below ground level and 22 metres below sea level.
The DLR's plans to operate 3 car trains on this line therefore included the relocation of this station some distance to the east.
Bangkok Railway Station, unofficially known as Hua Lamphong Station, is the main railway station in Bangkok, Thailand.
It is between Station Road and Shirley Road, across the street from Papatoetoe West School, and has an island platform layout.
It is served by Sydney Trains T1 North Shore line services.
The Centre for Alternative Technology lies about a mile north of the hamlet.
The station opened in 1856, with several improvements over its first decade, being extended three times in 1860, 1867 and 1868.
It serves the inner Melbourne suburb of Kensington opening on 11 March 1891.
Opened in 1881, the station serves the south-eastern Melbourne suburb of Cheltenham.
Its name literally translates into "maidens' heathland"; it was named after the Jungfernheide, a former large forest in the proximity of this station.
Sway railway station is a railway station serving the village of Sway in Hampshire, England.
Zürich is a major railway hub, with services to and from across Switzerland and neighbouring European countries such as Germany, Italy, Austria and France.
A short distance from the station heavy secured sidings take special trains carrying nuclear materials to the Low Level Waste Repository where they are buried.
Cromford railway station is a Grade II listed  railway station owned by Network Rail and managed by East Midlands Trains.
It serves the town of Terang opening on 23 April 1887 as the terminus of the line from Camperdown.
International Terminal railway station is located on the Airport line in Queensland, Australia.
There is the 59-story tall Hotel Tower and the 55-story tall office tower.
The former briquette depot at Glenhuntly was demolished in March/April 1975.
During the building of the line it was necessary to cut through an Anglo-Saxon barrow.
Ştefan cel Mare is a metro station in Bucharest.
It is served by local services operated by Great Western Railway.
Beneath a square in front of the JR station is Hokutetsu-Kanazawa Station, the terminal of the Hokuriku Railroad Asanogawa Line.
This station also serves the nearby airport hotels.
It is on the Gospel Oak to Barking Line, between Gospel Oak and Crouch Hill.
Redcar British Steel is a railway station in the borough of Redcar and Cleveland and the ceremonial county of North Yorkshire, England.
It is served by Sydney Trains T4 line services.
The station opened on 28 July 1874.
It was renamed Northcote South on 1 August 1888, and Westgarth on 10 December 1906.
It was described in the Railway Magazine:
It is the eastern terminal for several weekday trips of route 61 and crosstown route 12.
Its situation is unusual, being located on a short length of sharply curved single track between two tunnels.
Morjärv Station is a railway station located on the Boden to Haparanda railway line in the village of Morjärv in northern Sweden.
Kennett is a railway station serving the village of Kentford in Cambridgeshire, England.
It has been rebuilt and reopened as a terminus station of the Cork Suburban Railway Line.
Staincross and Mapplewell consisted of two flanking platforms with access from the road bridge.
It is located in Solna Strand, a former industrial area that has office buildings today.
The station is adjacent to JR Central's Nagoya Station, the city's central station, and Kintetsu Nagoya Station, the terminal of the Kintetsu Nagoya Line.
Peartree railway station is a railway station serving the areas of Pear Tree, Normanton and Osmaston in the city of Derby, England.
The station, situated on the line built by the Sheffield, Ashton-under-Lyne and Manchester Railway, opened on 14 July 1845.
The Halkirk Games, first organized in 1886, were held in a nearby field.
According to Metra, the station is also in the vicinity of a section of the Belt Railway of Chicago.
Chilham railway station serves the area around the village of Chilham in Kent, England, including Chilham itself, Shottenden, Old Wives Lees,and Bagham.
This station should not be confused with other stations of similar-sounding name on the Geibi Line: Shimowachi, Shiwachi, and Shiwaguchi.
It was renamed West Horndon in 1949.
In 2019, the station will become an interchange with the Thomson-East Coast Line.
In addition to the main station, there are five other railway stations in Boppard.
The terminal opened on April 15, 2006, following a $52 million investment by NYCEDC, with the arrival of the RMS Queen Mary 2.
Looking north, the left-hand island platform was for up trains, the right-hand platform for down trains.
It is the fifth busiest station in Wales, after Cardiff Central, Cardiff Queen Street, Newport and Swansea.
The traveling time from Weesp to Amsterdam Centraal by train is about 15 minutes.
It lies to the east of the Autódromo Hermanos Rodríguez.
From Clybourn station, it is possible to take a train as far north as Kenosha, Wisconsin and as far west as Harvard, Illinois.
It has two platforms, one for services to Sutton, West Croydon and London, the other for services to Epsom.
The Millbrae Intermodal Terminal is an at-grade Bay Area Rapid Transit and Caltrain station located in suburban Millbrae, California, in northern San Mateo County.
Like all other LRT-1 stations, Pedro Gil station is above-ground.
It was opened in 1840 by the Hull and Selby Railway, and until 1975 it was known as Staddlethorpe station.
It is part of the western extension of that line.
Sapporo Station is a railway station in Chūō-ku, Sapporo, Hokkaido, Japan.
It is located in the Colonia Guerrero neighborhood of Cuauhtémoc borough of Mexico City, on the intersection of Zarco street and Eje 1 Norte Mosqueta Avenue.
The Blue Line maintenance and storage yard is located between the Wardlow and Del Amo stations.
It is also the only CTA station without coordinates in Chicago's grid system, as O'Hare lines up with no street in the city.
Woodley Park is a station on the Red Line of the Washington Metro.
The railroad tracks next to the station are leased to the Catskill Mountain Railroad which resumed passenger service to the station on July 4, 2008.
Bont Newydd railway station in Gwynedd, Wales, was a station on the now-closed Ruabon to Barmouth line.
It is the only station west of Acton Town to be served by both the Piccadilly and District lines.
It is located in Azcapotzalco borough, in the northern reaches of Mexico City.
The station building can still be seen alongside the main road in Thrumster.
Marseille – Saint-Charles is the main railway station and intercity bus station of Marseille.
On 12 July 1887 one person was killed at Bures when part of a runaway train collided with a crossing gate.
Arnstadt Hauptbahnhof or Arnstadt Central Station is a railway station in the town of Arnstadt in Thuringia, Germany.
The platform is located on the eastern side of the line, with a steel shelter provided for waiting passengers.
Mildura was the passenger terminus for the Mildura railway line in Victoria, Australia.
Bishop's Stortford railway station serves the town of Bishop's Stortford in Hertfordshire, England.
New Cumnock railway station is a railway station serving the town of New Cumnock, East Ayrshire, Scotland.
It is located north of a busy level crossing, which is monitored from the nearby signal box.
Yew Tee MRT Station is an above-ground Mass Rapid Transit station on the North South Line in Choa Chu Kang, Singapore.
It is located at Yangshupu Road and Dalian Road, in the Yangpu District of Shanghai.
This is a request stop so passengers must signal clearly to the driver if they wish to board the train.
The station opened in 1874 with the completion of the extension of the S&D from the nearby Evercreech Junction to Bath.
Despite its high passenger usage and the recent refurbishment the station is currently unstaffed.
It is located on East Trade Street, Fourth Street and Brevard Street.
It lies on the Midland Main Line, it is 65 miles from London St. Pancras.
The station is located on CSX's S-Line, which runs along the east side of the building.
The station, and all trains serving it, are operated by London Midland.
Peak hour trains run to St Pancras via Chatham and Gravesend and to London Cannon Street.
Williamsburg Transportation Center is an intermodal transit station in Williamsburg, Virginia.
Bayswater railway station is located on the Belgrave line in Victoria, Australia.
It is operated by Virgin Trains, and is also served by Transpennine Express and Northern.
It is located 1.2 kilometres from the Ruoholahti metro station, and 0.5 kilometres from the Central Railway Station.
Opened in 1860, it is currently operated by South West Trains.
The logo represents the bust of general Ignacio Allende, one of the principal instigators of the Mexican War of Independence of 1810.
It was opened on 5 July 1985 and serves the Heysel area, famous for the 1958 Brussels World Fair, the King Baudouin Stadium and the Atomium.
It is on the Bletchley — Bedford Marston Vale Line.
Darwen railway station serves Darwen, a town in Lancashire, England.
British Transport Police maintain a small office on Platform 1.
The Crenshaw/LAX Line will also serve this station once it's expanded to accommodate 3-car trains.
Witton railway station serves the Witton area of the city of Birmingham, England.
It is the terminus of the Tees Valley Line and is operated by Northern who provide all passenger train services.
This section of the line was never re-opened.
Harlech railway station is located at a level crossing on the A496 in the centre of the town of Harlech in Gwynedd, North Wales.
Located at 1001 Loyola Avenue, it is served by Amtrak, Greyhound Lines, Megabus, and NORTA with direct connections to the Loyola Ave. Streetcar line.
Camberwell railway station is located on the Lilydale, Belgrave and Alamein lines in Victoria, Australia.
Steam trains and freight trains are seen quite often, travelling from/to the Watercress Line and Holybourne oil terminal.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1996 as New Orleans and Northeastern–New Orleans and Great Northern Railroad Depot.
Along with the rest of the stations on the branch it was closed in 1964.
Four Pacific Surfliner trains serve the station daily.
Many Mexican boxers were born and raised in Tepito, like Rubén Olivares "El Púas".
The line was electrified by the Southern Railway in March 1928.
It is in London fare zone 1.
In 2010–11, the station was the 35th-busiest in the UK, and the 11th-busiest outside London.
This change is only needed on Mondays-Fridays during peak hours only.
It is located in Ermita in Manila.
This station is on the Oban branch of the West Highland Line, originally part of the Callander and Oban Railway.
It served villages scattered over a wide area of South Yorkshire, England, and was adjacent to the bridge over the Huddersfield Road.
It is 13.6 kilometers from the terminus of the line at Yokohama Station.
Before the station was built, Hughesdale was the site of the junctions of both the Outer Circle and Rosstown railway lines with the Dandenong/Gippsland line.
Metro Etiopía / Plaza de la Transparencia is a metro station on the Mexico City Metro.
It was renamed "Knotty Ash & Stanley" in 1888, but it was always referred to locally simply as "Knotty Ash".
On 29 November 1999, two extra platforms opened as part of the quadruplication of the line from Bowens Hills to Northgate.
Chicago Union Station is the third-busiest rail terminal in the United States, after Grand Central Terminal and Penn Station in New York City.
Construction of the station had started in the 1930s, but was delayed by the onset of World War II.
Metro Portales provides a transfer to trolleybus Line "D", which runs between Metro Mixcoac and the San Andrés Tetepilco neighbourhood.
The ticket office is open from 06:30 to 16:00 , Monday to Friday.
It closed to passengers on 7 November 1960, to general goods in 1965 and completely in 1972.
Additional benefits would have been for visitors to the region to experience additional towns and districts along the South Gippsland Line.
Middle Brighton railway station is located on the Sandringham line in Victoria, Australia, and serves the south-eastern Melbourne suburb of Brighton.
Poole railway station is on the South Western Main Line serving the town of Poole in Dorset, England.
Le Havre is the main railway station located in Le Havre, Seine-Maritime, France.
The original platform was located on the broad gauge.
In due course the area around Stairfoot became a complex set of railway junctions and fly-overs.
It also served the works of Newton, Chambers & Company, one of the largest industrial companies in the area.
The station and all trains serving it are operated by Great Western Railway.
Hanger Lane is a London Underground station in Hanger Hill, Ealing, on the border between West and Northwest London.
Oriole GO Station is a small train station on GO Transit's Richmond Hill line.
Langer's credits the Red Line's opening with saving their business in the late 1980s, when MacArthur Park's once glittering reputation had decayed to notorious at best.
Seya Station is a railway station on the Sagami Railway Main Line located in the Seya Ward of the city of Yokohama, Kanagawa Prefecture, Japan.
The proposed Metro station will begin operation in late 2019 or in 2020.
In addition to Honeywood Museum, there are several other cultural features in Carshalton, including the Charles Cryer Theatre and an art gallery in Oaks Park.
The station name board is now at the National Football Museum.
The station is at Central Avenue and Thatcher Avenue.
In February 1959 the line from North Geelong to Corio was duplicated.
Artwork on the walls of the station reflects the evolution of the central square over time.
On 23 October 1933 District line services were replaced by Piccadilly line trains.
It is served by Transdev Brisbane Ferries' CityCat and CityFerry services.
Garstang and Catterall railway station served as the interchange between the Garstang and Knot-End Railway and the London and North Western Railway, in Lancashire, England.
It lies at the junction between the Birmingham to Coventry line and the predominantly freight-only Stechford-Aston spur.
The station opened in 1885 at the same time as the line.
It is 7 miles 11 chains down-line from London Liverpool Street and is situated between Bruce Grove and Silver Street.
It is located at West Fifth and Orange streets and is used by Amtrak's Coast Starlight service.
It serves the Brisbane suburb of Enoggera.
A passing loop exists to the north of the station.
The station is managed by Great Western Railway, who operate all trains serving it.
The station was one of 35 closed to passenger traffic on 4 October 1981, as part of the New Deal timetable for country passengers.
Stanford-le-Hope railway station is on a loop line on the London, Tilbury and Southend Railway, serving the village of Stanford-le-Hope, Essex.
Shortly before the closure of the station, the station building was relocated to the Melbourne suburban station of Hartwell.
Politehnica is a metro station in Bucharest.
The station is located near Congreso de la Unión Avenue, and serves the Colonia Janitzio and Colonia Ampliación Michoacana neighborhoods.
All trains serving it are operated and the station is managed by Great Western Railway.
The disused Werribee Racecourse station is located between Little River and Werribee, as was the now-demolished Manor station.
Dennis railway station is located on the Hurstbridge line, in Victoria, Australia.
The station is immediately south of one of north London's few remaining level crossings.
Metro San Juan de Letrán is a metro station along Line 8 of the Mexico City Metro.
South of this station, Eastern Line and Southern Line services diverge, the Eastern onto the Manukau Branch which terminates at Manukau.
The name comes from the 19th century "Xola" hacienda that existed in the current site of the station.
It is a small station with few services calling there.
MARC's Brunswick Line commuter trains and Amtrak's daily Capitol Limited share the station building with Metro.
An active local campaign group Bexhill Rail Action Group*[1] was formed in 2005 in response to proposals to end through services to London Victoria.
It is one of three stations serving the town.
Moorthorpe railway station serves Moorthorpe and South Kirkby, near Pontefract, in the City of Wakefield district of West Yorkshire, England.
The station has side platforms built into the sidewalk.
The station is located at the end of Jalan Perhentian, off Jalan Ipoh.
The Transportation Center is considered the AMTRAN system's primary hub.
Celebrity Cruises bases the Celebrity Summit out of Cape Liberty from May to October.
This station has the largest cultural display in the entire Metro system, known as "El Túnel de la Ciencia".
Originally there were sidings and a goods shed, but these have been replaced with a car park.
As of mid-March 2014, the closure was scheduled to begin on March 31, 2014, and last about one year.
Disused station Barnawartha is located between Wodonga and Chiltern.
Carindale bus station is located in Brisbane, Australia serving the suburb of Carindale and Westfield Carindale.
Hasunuma Station is a Tokyo Kyuko Electric Railway Ikegami Line station located in Ōta, Tokyo.
It is the northern terminus of the Tamar Valley Line from Plymouth.
The busy Kennedy Expressway passes to the west of the station and the north branch of the Chicago River is several blocks to the east.
Dorchester South railway station is one of two railway stations serving the town of Dorchester in Dorset, England, the other one being Dorchester West.
This station's exits connect with many zones of Tacubaya neighbourhood, such as Parque Lira, a local market and the offices of the Miguel Hidalgo borough administration.
It is located close to the Palace of Culture and Science and Warszawa Centralna railway station.
Eunos MRT Station is an above-ground Mass Rapid Transit station on the East West Line in Geylang, Singapore.
The station opened on 1 October 1868.
buses, for the Tram as well as for taxi.
It lies 24 miles north of Derby and 11 miles south of Sheffield, at the confluence of the rivers Rother and Hipper.
It was originally opened in 1855 but was replaced by a new station on an adjacent site in 1888.
The Chennai Mofussil Bus Terminus or CMBT is a modern bus terminus located in Chennai, India, providing outstation transport services.
A subway links northbound and southbound platforms.
Hendra railway station is located on the Pinkenba line in Queensland, Australia.
Tomioka Station is a railway station owned by East Japan Railway Company in Tomioka, Fukushima, Japan.
It is unstaffed, although the buildings are in private use and open to the public at certain times.
Despite being the terminus, the station is designed much like all the others on the Okinawa Monorail.
Since 11 November 2007 it and the service there have been run by London Overground.
It was subsequently renamed Victoria Park on 1 May 1909.
It is located on the Tees Valley Line at the junction with the Northallerton-Eaglescliffe Line and is operated by Northern.
The station is situated at the city centre of Subang Jaya behind Subang Parade and Aeon Big Subang.
South West Trains operate a limited number of services.
It has long been treated as an obligatory stop on the South Western Main Line from London Waterloo to Weymouth.
Rannoch railway station, on the West Highland Line, serves the area of Rannoch in Perth and Kinross, Scotland.
Roydon railway station serves the village of Roydon in Essex, England.
It was opened in 1877 as the terminus of the last new broad gauge passenger railway to be constructed in the country.
Mihai Bravu is a metro station in Bucharest.
Before this station opened the first Bishopstone station was 0.6 miles further west at Tide Mills.
It is one of two main line termini in London to the south of the River Thames, the other being Waterloo.
A goods shed and silos exist near the station.
It is 16.25 miles west of Paddington towards Reading.
The main station building and the station master's house remain in residential use.
The first station in Venlo was opened on November 21, 1865.
Fordingbridge was a railway station serving Fordingbridge, a small town in Hampshire.
Many bus routes also serve the station.
Agincourt GO Station is a GO Transit railway station in the Scarborough area of Toronto, Ontario, Canada, served by Stouffville line trains.
Pollokshields West railway station is one of three railway stations in Pollokshields, a district of Glasgow, Scotland.
Oakland City is an embankment rail station in Atlanta, Georgia, serving the Red and Gold lines of the Metropolitan Atlanta Rapid Transit Authority rail system.
It was opened in 1933 on a site next to the beach.
Tecoma railway station is located on the Belgrave line in Victoria, Australia.
Today, the loop siding has been provided again along with the platform track, but the crossing loop is yet to be rebuilt.
It serves the south-eastern Melbourne suburb of South Yarra opening on 7 May 1879.
The station provides a direct link to the Sydney Airport international and domestic stations.
Holywood railway station serves Holywood in County Down, Northern Ireland.
The station is now on the route of the Bristol & Bath Railway Path, part of National Cycle Route 4.
Mumbai Central is a major railway station on the Western line, situated in Mumbai, in an area known by the same name.
Until the 1960s the station was the start of a branch to Dunstable and Luton, with a junction just north of the present station.
The Victorian Railways' broad gauge line from Wodonga opened on 14 June 1883.
It serves Trinity Railway Express commuter rail, Amtrak intercity rail, and buses, and it planned to serve the TEX Rail commuter system.
One more station will complete construction in 2013.
The Network/National Rail website, in its "Station Plan" shows a bench as the sole passenger facility at the station.
The station opened to passenger traffic on 2 January 1865, and closed on 18 April 1966.
The level crossing here is remotely operated by CCTV.
The station is located on the intersection of Taft Avenue and Epifanio de los Santos Avenue, or EDSA, one of Metro Manila's main thoroughfares.
Utrecht Centraal is the central railway station for the city of Utrecht in the Netherlands.
U Street is a rapid transit station on the Green Line and Yellow Line of the Washington Metro in Washington, D.C..
The station is managed by London Midland, who provide the majority of services that call here
Wien Westbahnhof is a major Austrian railway station, the original starting point of the West railway and a former terminus of international rail services.
Talisman is served by several Pesero routes to Potrero, Tepito and Merced.
The station is located on the Southport branch of the Merseyrail network's Northern Line.
It is one of two railway stations in the city to the north).
GMR Vasavi Diesel Power plant is situated on the side of Basin bridge opposite to the railway station.
It was adjacent to the railway's workshops.
Grays railway station is on the London, Tilbury and Southend Railway line serving the town of Grays, Essex.
The station was opened with the others along the northern portion of Line 4 on 29 August 1981.
Of the 73 California stations served by Amtrak, Ventura was the 33rd-busiest in FY2010, boarding or detraining an average of approximately 125 passengers daily.
Tarwin was a railway station on the South Gippsland line in South Gippsland, Victoria.
On September 15, 2012, this station was permanently closed and removed, in preparing for the realignment of the tracks between 9 and 10 Streets W.
It is situated on the Birmingham-Stourbridge line.
For most of the history of the Underground the name Charing Cross was associated not with this station but with the station now known as Embankment.
The Old Town/Chinatown station is in the MAX Light Rail system served by the Blue and Red Lines.
There is no midday, reverse-peak, or weekend service to this station.
It is at the junction of Queensway and Bayswater Road, and is opposite the north-west corner of Kensington Gardens.
The first one, Minskaya was to be located on the western side of Moscow's Victory Park near the intersection of Minskaya Street and Kutuzovsky Avenue.
This station is on the Oban branch of the West Highland Line, originally part of the Callander and Oban Railway.
Chancery Lane is a London Underground station in Holborn, central London located within the City of London.
Today the station is managed by Greater Anglia, which also operates all trains serving it.
A short walk from the platform is the Mewata Armoury, Kerby Centre and Shaw Millennium skatepark.
The station and the trains serving it are currently operated by Great Northern, on the Hertford Loop Line.
Bury St Edmunds railway station serves the town of Bury St Edmunds in Suffolk, England.
The Pantai Dalam station usually busy during rush hours, public holidays and weekends as it is used by worker to reach offices.
The station has two platforms: platform 1 for services towards Gatwick Airport and platform 2 for services towards Reading.
The station was named after the nearby Kew Bridge.
When the line first opened in 1840, wagons carrying quarried stone ran downhill from Longridge to Preston and were hauled in the other direction by horses.
Its logo represents a part of the masterpiece El Agua, Origen de la Vida by Diego Rivera.
The station has a Park 'n' Ride lot with 70 spaces.
Its logo represents three containers of the Pemex refinery.
There are ticket barriers controlling access to the platforms.
Preston railway station is located on the South Morang line in Victoria, Australia.
The buildings and adjoining goods shed of the current station, on the north side of the river, are some of the earliest station buildings in Victoria.
Berney Arms is one of the most remote and least-used stations in the country.
The 1859 contract was for both a station building and staff 'cottage' as erected at other stations along the branch.
It is a commuter station for both locals and people coming from elsewhere—such as the inner loop of the Beltway or from Baltimore.
The design of the station has earned it various awards, among others the European Steel Design Awards.
The substantial 'down' platform building is occupied as offices by Network Rail.
Spring Hill is a Washington Metro station in Fairfax County, Virginia, on the Silver Line.
By the late 1980s the low demand for York-bound passengers meant that only a handful of stopping trains used the line.
Construction commenced in December 2005 and was largely complete by August 2006.
It is located near the Cotroceni neighbourhood, servicing the Bucharest Metro lines M1 and M3.
Over the years a number of sidings were provided to businesses in the area.
CrossCountry serve the station occasionally to replace stops at Coventry and Birmingham International during engineering work.
The branch now occupies the former slow lines formation, as the L&M was formerly quadruple track from here to Manchester.
Edale railway station serves the rural village of Edale in the Derbyshire Peak District, in England.
Gambir Station serves as a terminus for most intercity trains operating across Java Island.
The finishes include relief tiles, showing symbols of London and the area served by the London Passenger Transport Board, designed by Harold Stabler.
It opened to service May 20, 1984.
It is 16 miles west of Bristol Temple Meads railway station, and 134 miles from London Paddington.
Hindley is one of the nearest stations to Aspull, although there is no direct bus link, the 559 bus having been withdrawn between Hindley and Aspull.
The station is situated on the electrified Liverpool to Wigan Line 16 1⁄4 miles northeast of Liverpool Lime Street and 3 3⁄4 miles south of Wigan.
One of a number of stations on the Rockville Pike corridor, it primarily acts as a commuter station.
St James Park railway station is a suburban railway station in Exeter, Devon, England.
The station is on Station Drive, 1⁄2 mile to the northeast of Ludlow town centre.
This location of the station is close to the boundary with the London Borough of Hackney.
Opened on May 30, 1975, it is the central transit hub for Newton Town Centre.
The station and all trains that call are operated by Southeastern.
As a result, Paisley, along with Galvin, was bypassed and closed.
The trackbed in the area forms part of National Cycle Route 45, named the Mercian Way.
It is one of two stations serving Eastbourne, the other being Eastbourne railway station
It is the main railway hub for the city, offering regional connections to Bremen, Osnabrück, Cuxhaven, Bremervörde and Hamburg.
With the opening of the station, the former bus interchange ceased operations in February 2004 and its services were transferred to Hougang Central Bus Interchange.
Clareview station is an Edmonton Light Rail Transit station in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada.
Kaiwharawhara railway station was a railway station on the North Island Main Trunk and the Wairarapa Line in Wellington, New Zealand that closed in 2013.
Moor Park station is on the Metropolitan line between Rickmansworth, Croxley and Northwood stations.
The station is situated on the Bordeaux–Sète railway, Toulouse–Bayonne railway, Brive-Toulouse railway and Toulouse-Auch railway.
Dwight is a historic railroad depot and adjacent 2016 train station in Dwight, Illinois, United States, served by Amtrak, the national passenger railroad system.
Carrum railway station is located on the Frankston line in Victoria, Australia.
This bus depot is also the starting point for Service 45, Service 128, Townlink 265 and Townlink 268.
It was then renamed Sri Petaling Line to avoid confusion from names that differ only in the phase number.
It serves the Blue Mountains town of Lawson opening on 11 July 1867 as Blue Mountain, being renamed Lawson on 21 April 1879.
The station is close to Prittlewell Priory and to Southend United's home ground, Roots Hall.
Queensbury is a London Underground station in Queensbury, London.
Holmes railway station was a railway station in Rotherham, South Yorkshire, England.
Once railway station, informally estación Once), IPA: [ˈonse]) is a large railway terminus in central Buenos Aires, Argentina in the barrio of Balvanera.
Kew Gardens Station Footbridge, also a Grade II-listed structure, is next to the station, on the southern side.
The line is not electrified, but plans remain in place to address this as part of the planned modernisation of the Great Western Main Line.
Mount Waverley railway station is located on the Glen Waverley line in Victoria, Australia.
Yeerongpilly railway station is located on the Beenleigh line in Queensland, Australia.
Iizume Station is a JR East railway station located in Misato, Akita Prefecture, Japan.
Between 1903 and 1930 the station employed an average of 22 staff.
Blackhorse Lane tram stop is a light rail stop in the London Borough of Croydon in the southern suburbs of London.
Taman Melati LRT station is an elevated rapid transit station in northern Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia, part of the Kelana Jaya Line.
Rosslyn is the first station in Virginia heading westward from the District on the Orange and Silver Lines and southward on the Blue Lines.
It was originally named Winmarleigh railway station.
The name of the station refers to the adjacent Deportivo 18 de Marzo sports complex, and its logo represents a player of a pre-Columbian ball game.
It is 134.1 rail kilometers from the southern terminus of the Gonō Line at Higashi-Noshiro Station.
It is on the Jubilee line, between Canons Park and Kingsbury, and in Travelcard Zone 4.
It is the second busiest station in Wrexham in terms of passenger journeys, after the mainline station, Wrexham General.
Waterloo main line station is one of nineteen in the country that are managed by Network Rail and the station complex is in fare zone 1.
The population was 4,452 at the 2010 census.
Prior to the opening of Tramlink, there was no station at this site which had previously contained long-disused allotments.
The sculpture displays a willow tree, while on the east face a willow spirit, shown here, emerges mysteriously from the tree.
The name is due to the station's proximity to Pinecrest Road.
It is one of three stations serving the Brisbane suburb of Wynnum, the other two being Wynnum North and Wynnum Central.
Pollokshaws West railway station is a railway station in Glasgow, Scotland.
Since the end of industry in Romania however, the station is now used by the new business and residential estates established here.
Chōshi Station is a railway station in Chōshi, Chiba, Japan, operated by the East Japan Railway Company.
The station is unusual in that it has three tracks on the same level, one of which has never been used by passengers.
Edgecliff railway station is located on the Eastern Suburbs line, serving the Sydney suburb of Edgecliff.
Of the three hourly services, two terminate/start here, and one continues to Stratford-Upon-Avon.
Cark and Cartmel railway station is a railway station that serves the villages of Cark, Flookburgh and Cartmel in Cumbria, England.
It is closely linked with the history of the Stockton and Darlington railway.
Tracks from Butts Lane Halt to Shirdley Hill were left in place until 1964 for the storage of excursion coaches.
York Road was planned to be open to relieve congestion at King's Cross St. Pancras.
Dunrobin Castle is situated near the village of Golspie.
Matsushima Station is a railway station on the Tōhoku Main Line in Matsushima, Miyagi, Japan, operated by East Japan Railway Company.
As initially the station accommodated steam trains it is partially open to the atmosphere above to aid ventilation.
Bland Street is a light rail station for both the LYNX Blue Line in South End of Charlotte, North Carolina, United States.
L'Enfant Plaza is the last station in the District on the Yellow Line before crossing the Potomac into Virginia on the 14th Street Bridge.
Simi Valley station is a passenger rail station in the city of Simi Valley, California.
It is served by Sydney Trains T3 Bankstown line services.
Guelph Central Station is the main inter-modal transportation terminal in Guelph, Ontario, Canada.
The station, though outside the immediate downtown area, is relatively central.
The station logo depicts an old steam locomotive.
Terminating trains arrive at eastern side platform, whereas southbound trains depart from western side platform.
On 28 August 2000, a third platform opened as part of the addition of a third track from Northgate to Bald Hills.
A new wharf was built opening on 31 July 2011, with the Maritime Museum name adopted after the adjacent Queensland Maritime Museum.
The station's operating hours are daily from 5:00 am to 2:30 am.
As part of the Reading station upgrade project, the loop was upgraded to passenger standards and a new platform added in 2011.
It is in the Ecatepec de Morelos city in the State of Mexico adjacent to Mexico City.
The former passes through the mile-long Blackheath Tunnel immediately after the junction; the latter through the shorter Kidbrooke Tunnel after a short cutting.
When the Metro authorities changed the name of Metro La Villa to Metro La Villa-Basílica they also changed the name of Metro Basílica.
Station facilities were upgraded in 2012 as part of the Tees Valley Metro project.
Fürth Hauptbahnhof is a railway hub for the city of Fürth in Bavaria, Germany.
On the opposite platform, trains served by Northern use the Tontine Tunnel onwards towards the Kirkby terminus of this branch line.
Broadstairs railway station is on the Chatham Main Line in England, serving the seaside town of Broadstairs, Kent.
Future plans for further extension of the track have been proposed.
The station is elevated and features two island platforms with four tracks.
The terminus of the M1 line, it is located in zone 3 in the southwestern section of the island of Amager.
Hvidovre station is a station on the Taastrup radial of the S-train network in Copenhagen, Denmark.
Ecatepec is a station on Line B of the Mexico City Metro system.
The station was opened in 1902 and closed in 1960.
A third, Newhaven Marine, is legally open, but has no service because its roof is unsafe.
Birkenhead Monks Ferry railway station was a railway station in Birkenhead, Wirral, England.
It provides service to Lincoln High School and the Multnomah Athletic Club.
The bus terminal in front of the station is a major hub for transportation throughout northeastern Zealand.
It is operated under the Sri Petaling Line.
The station is located in downtown Rio de Janeiro, along the Avenida Presidente Vargas and across from the Campo de Santana park.
Waterloo is a London Underground station located within the Waterloo station complex that incorporates both the tube station and the main line railway station.
The station, which opened in 1963, is named for the nearby St. Patrick's Church.
Glasgow Central is the major mainline rail terminus in Glasgow, Scotland.
At other times, Frankston bound trains used Platform 2.
On weekends, a Caltrain shuttle bus instead of a train connects Tamien to the San Jose Diridon station.
In 1963 the station featured in "Branch Line Railway", a BBC documentary on the Joint Railway presented by John Betjeman.
The station's theme colour is dark green, with walls covered in light and dark green mosaic pieces arranged at random as to not form any patterns.
Recently, the station was included on the ATOC Connecting Communities report, that recommends closed lines and stations that should have a railway station.
It is the largest and busiest railway station in the Netherlands, with sixteen platforms and with more than 176,000 passengers per day.
Passengers who wished to board the train could do so by signalling the train driver to stop and take them aboard.
It is 65 miles 6 chains from London Liverpool Street and is situated between Mistley to the west and Harwich International to the east.
The name of the station is difficult to read in kanji, as well as Abiko Station and Namba Station on the Osaka Municipal Subway Midosuji Line.
It is on the Lyublinsko-Dmitrovskaya Line, between Chkalovskaya and Krestyanskaya Zastava stations.
Yindu Road Station is a metro station in the city of Shanghai.
The station is situated on the Chester and Ellesmere Port branches of the Wirral Line, part of the Merseyrail network.
South Kenton is a Network Rail station served by London Underground Bakerloo line and London Overground trains.
During the 1890s, plans were made to extend the tramway to Oxford, but the scheme was abandoned.
In July 2003, an eastbound bus approaching the station lost control due to a mechanical breakdown, and slammed hard into the station.
The line here forms the boundary which separates Newton Mearns and Giffnock across Ayr Road.
It has 13 stands and is served by seven Transperth routes operated by Transdev WA.
It serves the central part of Herlev municipality.
The station is near Euston Square station allowing connections at street level to the Circle, Hammersmith & City and Metropolitan lines.
When the project is completed the south lot will provide 300 parking spaces, with stairs and ramps to the platforms.
Penge West railway station is in the London Borough of Bromley in south London.
After completion, Kolkata Metro Line 2 will pass through Sealdah.
Cronberry railway station was a railway station serving the hamlet of Cronberry, East Ayrshire, Scotland.
Melton railway station is on the East Suffolk Line in the east of England, serving the village of Melton, Suffolk.
The platform is located on a loop adjacent to the main through lines.
The station and all trains serving it are operated by Southeastern.
On December 30, the Line 13 portion of the Jinshajiang station began its test runs, providing service westbound towards Jinyun Road.
It is located between Watford and Croxley Green to the west of Watford, at the end of a short branch line.
It serves the villages of Whatstandwell and Crich Carr in Derbyshire, England.
It is on the Jubilee line, between Finchley Road and St. John's Wood stations.
It is 8 miles 70 chains down the line from Norwich on the route to Lowestoft and is situated between Buckenham and Reedham.
Pinecrest is a Transitway station in Ottawa, Ontario, that began service on September 6, 2009.
It serves the suburb of Thorneside in Redland City.
The trackbed and platforms have been removed and their site is now the occupied by the Mayfield by-pass.
It is an unmanned station, connected to the MetroCentre mall by a covered footbridge.
The TVR amalgamated with the Great Western Railway at the start of 1922, and the GWR renamed the station Ystrad in December 1930.
It lies along Lines 1 and 4.
North Berwick railway station is a railway station serving the seaside town of North Berwick in East Lothian, Scotland.
All train services from the station are operated by Southeastern, which also manages the station.
It is served by London Midland services to Birmingham New Street and Northampton.
Langwith-Whaley Thorns railway station is in Derbyshire, England.
There is no ticket office at this station.
Sailings to Cairnryan are operated by conventional ships and several crossings a day operate in each direction throughout the year.
The last trains stopped at the station on 14 April 1985.
This station has been rumored to be haunted.
When the line between Altona Junction and Laverton was duplicated in 1967, Galvin was provided with an island platform.
The station consists of an island platform located in the center median of Interstate 580.
Vermont/Athens is a freeway-median Los Angeles County Metro Rail station on the Green Line.
The original fountain had deteriorated significantly, so architect Guillermo Ruiz was tasked with it reproduction, using the original engraved stone epigraphs as a model.
The station is unstaffed and consists of a single platform with a basic shelter.
Signalling and interlocked points were also abolished during this time.
It is the terminus of the main Blackpool branch line and is 17 1⁄2 miles northwest of Preston.
The station was eventually opened on 1 March 1995, having been designed by the architect bureau Kontio - Kilpi - Valjento Oy.
For special events, shuttle buses travel from the bus station to major sporting venues such as the Gabba and Lang Park.
To the west of the station lies the NSW North Coast dual gauge line primarily used by Gold Coast, NSW TrainLink XPT and freight services.
It is located on the Joondalup line, 26 kilometres from Perth station serving the regional metropolitan city of Joondalup.
It is named after Melchor Múzquiz who served as President of Mexico during the second half of 1832.
Paisley was opened on 14 October 1929.
the South Western Main Line to Winchester, Southampton, Bournemouth, Poole and Weymouth
Falkirk is also served by the railway station at Falkirk High.
There are also train information displays on both sides of the station, as well as an information box with an automated announcer providing departure announcements.
It is located within the Toa Payoh Central planning subzone, and near the junction of Lorong 1 Toa Payoh and Lorong 2 Toa Payoh.
Filming took place over a three-day period, and devout fans of the film make annual pilgrimages to the station and other select stops each year.
Woodmansterne railway station is in the London Borough of Croydon, Greater London, England, lying immediately east of the London/Surrey border.
Arsenal is a London Underground station located in Highbury, London.
While all tracks are electrified with 750 V DC third rail, platforms 3 to 6 are also electrified with 25 kV 50 Hz AC overhead lines.
A few services each day originate and terminate at Upper Ferntree Gully.
Georgemas Junction railway station is a railway station serving the village of Halkirk and its surrounding areas in the Highland council area, northern Scotland.
It serves the north-eastern Melbourne suburb of Alphington, and opened on 8 May 1888.
The line becomes double at the station and remains so to nearby Dorchester Junction where it joins the main line from London Waterloo station to Weymouth.
Pirron Yallock is a closed station located just west of the town of Pirron Yallock, on the Warrnambool railway line in Victoria, Australia.
It is served by Amtrak's Silver Star passenger train.
Eighth Street, also known as Brickell City Centre, is a Metromover station in the Brickell district of Downtown, Miami, Florida, one mile east of Little Havana.
It was upgraded to a Premium station on 12 December 1995.
It is unusual because it has no public access but exists purely to provide a connection between two rail systems.
The station was also added to the Tube map.
A former passing loop, with the same name, was located nearby.
It is located in fare zones 1 and 2.
It is 12 miles 53 chains down-line from London Charing Cross and is situated between Chislehurst and Orpington stations.
Penge West station forms part of the new southbound route of the London Overground East London Line that opened on 23 May 2010.
It opened with just one daily train each way on Mondays to Fridays.
Strathfield railway station is located on the Main Suburban line, serving the Sydney suburb of Strathfield.
It serves the town of Yarragon, and opened on 1 August 1878.
Easterhouse railway station serves the Easterhouse area of Glasgow, Scotland.
It is located about 1 km north of the old village of Hvidovre, in the far northwestern corner in Hvidovre municipality.
Kerang was once the junction station to the former rail lines to Koondrook and to Stony Crossing.
Bookings can be made throughout the year.
Richardson, and his best according to biographer Henry-Russell Hitchcock.
Trenton Transit Center, also known as Trenton, is the main passenger train station in Trenton, New Jersey.
It is named after the nearby beach at Amager Strandpark.
Located on the western edge of Downtown Atlanta, the station officially opened on December 22, 1979.
Chertsey railway station serves the town of Chertsey in the Runnymede District of Surrey, England.
Alpine is an Amtrak station in Alpine, Texas, served by the Sunset Limited and Texas Eagle routes.
Great Ayton railway station serves the village of Great Ayton in the county of North Yorkshire, England.
Ten Pacific Surfliner trains serve the station daily and 20 Metrolink trains serve the station each weekday.
Amtrak Thruway Motorcoaches stop at the center on their way from the San Joaquins and Capitol Corridor trains at Martinez to the Arcata-Eureka Airport in McKinleyville.
The line was singled in 1985 and held in reserved state before reopening with an increase in coal traffic.
Five Ways railway station is a railway station serving the Five Ways and Lee Bank areas of Birmingham, England.
The station was opened on November 22, 1980, and is operated by the Washington Metropolitan Area Transit Authority.
Confusingly, the station is about 2.5 miles south of the village of Saunderton after which it is named.
Some East Midlands Trains also stop at Harling Road.
The station opened on 1 October 1862.
Madrid Chamartín is the name of the second major railway station in Madrid, Spain.
The building was some 40 ft in length by 12 ft wide with a 10 ft waiting room at the Longridge end.
Revesby railway station is located on the East Hills line, serving the Sydney suburb of Revesby.
It serves the city, including its large industrial zones, as well as other small communities in the area.
Clayton Bridge railway station, Manchester, was a railway station that served the locality between 1846 and 1968.
The station was built by M Toudoire and S Choron.
The San Joaquin service offers 8 trains daily between Oakland, CA and Bakersfield, CA.
The station primarily serves a large complex of Oregon government buildings and office buildings.
It can be accessed from Exit 37C off Interstate 93 or the Washington Street exit off Interstate 95/Route 128.
The station was part of the Dalry and North Johnstone Line on the Glasgow and South Western Railway.
Even today, Würzburg station is one of the major stations in Bavaria, since it lies at the intersection of several heavily used rail corridors.
The station has a single platform which serves trains in both directions.
The full range of tickets for travel are purchased from the guard on the train at no extra cost.
It is currently managed by Abellio Greater Anglia, which also operates all trains serving it.
In terms of train lines, the only differences between Pasila station and the central station are the smaller number of tracks with platforms.
The last passenger trains to use Deepdale station were 1970s football supporters' specials bringing away fans to Deepdale Stadium to watch a football match.
Kalamunda bus station is a Transperth bus station located next to the Kalamunda Central shopping centre in Kalamunda, Western Australia.
The narrow gabled station house still exists.
It is served by Sydney Trains T1 North Shore Line services and NSW TrainLink Central Coast & Newcastle Line services.
Triholm was a railway station on the Strzelecki line in South Gippsland, Victoria, Australia.
Akiyaguchi Station is a JR West Geibi Line station located in 1-chōme, Kuchita, Asakita-ku, Hiroshima, Hiroshima Prefecture, Japan.
Urashuku Station is a railway station on the Ishinomaki Line in Onagawa, Miyagi Prefecture, Japan, operated by East Japan Railway Company.
The station opened on December 17, 1983.
Kyle of Lochalsh railway station is the terminus of the Kyle of Lochalsh Line in the village of Kyle of Lochalsh in the Highlands, northern Scotland.
It was originally known as Three Oaks & Guestling.
The MAX system is owned and operated by TriMet, the major transit agency for the Portland metropolitan area.
The station operated until the closure of the line between Cranbourne Station and Leongatha Station in 1993.
Located in the Yamhill Historic District, it is the 3rd stop eastbound on the current Eastside MAX.
As of 2011, Cheverly had the lowest average weekly ridership of any Metro station.
Telopea railway station is located on the Carlingford line, serving the Sydney suburb of Telopea.
Sangūbashi Station is a railway station on the Odakyu Odawara Line in Shibuya, Tokyo, Japan, operated by the private railway operator Odakyu Electric Railway.
Sellafield railway station serves the nuclear facility of Sellafield in Cumbria, England.
Västra skogen is a station on the Blue Line of the Stockholm metro, in Huvudsta, Solna Municipality.
It is situated in Shanghai's Xuhui District, within the inner ring-road.
Metro San Lázaro is closer to the bus station and, in fact, is directly connected to it by means of a pedestrian tunnel.
The Middleton Junction and Oldham Branch Railway formerly ran from Werneth Station down to Middleton Junction.
Miyauchikushido Station is a railway station on the Sanyō Main Line in Hatsukaichi, Hiroshima, operated by West Japan Railway Company.
It serves the Blue Mountains suburb of Blaxland opening on 11 July 1867 as Wascoes, being renamed Blaxland on 21 April 1879.
It was badly damaged following an engineering accident in 1905 and extensively rebuilt, including the construction of the tube lines.
Trains passed through the site of the Freightliner terminal until the Wednesbury to Round Oak section of the South Staffordshire Line closed in 1993.
Gare de Cannes or Cannes-Ville is the main railway station for the French Southern city of Cannes.
It is in AMT fare zone 3, and has 320 parking spaces.
Melksham railway station is a railway station opened in 1848, serving the town of Melksham in Wiltshire, England.
Washago railway station is located in the community of Washago part of the municipality of Severn Ontario, Canada.
It closed in May 1926, however the line continued to carry freight to the Isle of Dogs until the 1960s.
Blackwater station has two platforms: platform 1 for services towards Gatwick Airport and platform 2 for services towards Reading.
It is located on the Northern line between Oval and Clapham North stations, and on the Victoria line between Brixton and Vauxhall stations.
Hanwell railway station is a railway station in Hanwell in the London Borough of Ealing.
It is served by the JR West Osaka Loop Line, the Kintetsu Nara Line, and the Osaka Municipal Subway Sennichimae Line.
Rolleston is on the Nottingham to Lincoln Line, its neighbouring stations being Newark Castle, around 4 miles east, and Fiskerton, around ¾ mile west.
The station is located at the corner of Epifanio de los Santos Avenue, or EDSA, one of Metro Manila's main thoroughfares, and Taft Avenue.
It serves the Brisbane suburb of Dutton Park.
North Quay ferry wharf is located on the northern side of the Brisbane River serving the Brisbane central business district.
Zápotockého was the originally intended name for this station, but this idea was abandoned after the Velvet Revolution in 1989.
On 29 October 2013, a new underground station opened to the public and is currently serviced by Marmaray trains travelling across the Bosphorus.
It is operated by the East Japan Railway Company.
It is located on the Tyne Valley Line 5 1⁄2 miles east of Newcastle Central and is managed by Northern.
Rushall railway station is located on the South Morang line in Victoria, Australia.
Although thought by some people to have been closed as part of the Beeching axe in 1963 its planned closure pre-dated his report.
Kuriyagawa Station is a railway station in the city of Morioka, Iwate Prefecture, Japan, operated by the Iwate Ginga Railway.
Callander was a railway station located in Callander, Stirling.
No bus service is available at the station, however.
The station stands in a cutting: the small brick-built ticket office is above the Up platform.
The G:link tram also calls in nearby Surfers Paradise Boulevard.
It was opened by the Sheffield, Ashton-Under-Lyne and Manchester Railway in 1842.
The line was projected to be extended to Wallingford, where it would complete a cross-country line between Cholsey and Princes Risborough.
The single island platform is above street level, as the railway line here is on a viaduct.
Bath Spa railway station is the principal station serving the city of Bath, South West England.
It was never more than an island platform between the slow lines, with a siding serving the Middlesex County Asylum at Napsbury, and closed in 1959.
Buchanan bus station is the main bus terminus in Glasgow, Scotland.
It had a freight yard including locomotive servicing facilities.
The station is also near Manila's main pelota court, where all of the city's jai-alai games were played.
Puhinui Railway Station is a station of the Auckland rail network and is located near Papatoetoe, Auckland, New Zealand.
The station uses a special train departure melody during the Koenji Awa Odori festival held in late August.
Piraeus station refers to two railway termini in the city of Piraeus, Greece, approximately 9 km south-west of the centre of Athens.
Next door was the Black Bull public house which still existed in 2015.
Both platforms are inside the free fare zone of the CTrain and serve both routes 201 and 202.
Morar railway station is a railway station serving the village of Morar in the Highland region of Scotland.
Paya Lebar MRT Station is a Mass Rapid Transit interchange station on the East West Line and the Circle Line in Geylang Singapore.
The station is currently undergoing a major refurbishment to become an integrated bus and rail hub.
The station is managed by Abellio ScotRail and is on the Ayrshire Coast Line 10 3⁄4 miles south west of Glasgow Central.
Until its closure on 25 November 1956, the signal box controlled railway traffic around the station and the level crossing that lead to the Iron Bridge.
The area to the north was formerly an area of railway sidings, where commuter trains were stabled when not in use.
In 2011, an average of 1,240 people boarded and 1,408 alighted SEPTA trains each weekday.
Additional tracks are northeast of the Caltrain tracks used by Amtrak, Altamont Corridor Express, and Union Pacific freight trains.
The station is located on the West Coastway Line which runs between Brighton and Southampton.
The station, and all trains serving it, are operated by London Midland.
It serves the Blue Line and is the 21st stop eastbound on the eastside MAX branch.
The station was much more important at the end of the 19th century, retaining a working freight yard until as late as the 1980s.
There is no PERTIS self-service 'Permit to Travel' ticket machine at this location.
It was the western terminus of Route 202.
Coatesville is an Amtrak rail station located in the far western suburbs of Philadelphia at Third Avenue and Fleetwood Street in Coatesville, Pennsylvania.
It is considered to be one of the finest modernist stations in Great Britain and is a Grade II listed building.
It was built by the Great Grimsby and Sheffield Junction Railway in 1849, replacing a temporary one at Thornton Curtis.
Its name is in honour of Valentín Gómez Farías, one of the individuals who drafted that document.
The station has two separated platforms, one used for arriving trains and another one for departing trains.
Glen Forbes was a railway station on the Wonthaggi railway line, located on the Bass Coast, Victoria, Australia.
Five Points is a metro station of the Metropolitan Atlanta Rapid Transit Authority rail system in Atlanta, Georgia.
White Hart Lane is a London Overground station on the Lea Valley Lines, located in Tottenham in the London Borough of Haringey in north London.
Its adjacent stations are Northwood Hills and North Harrow.
Groundbreaking for the final segment of the Green Line occurred on September 23, 1995, and the station opened on January 13, 2001.
It is 287 miles 20 chains down the line from London King's Cross and is situated between Morpeth to the south and Widdrington to the north.
St. Quintin Park & Wormwood Scrubs was a railway station on the West London Railway in north-west London.
Blackheath railway station is Grade II-listed and situated in the heart of Blackheath village in London at grid reference TQ39617600.
It is the largest station in north Bavaria and belongs to the 20 stations in the highest category of importance allocated by DB Station&Service.
The station is quite small, being initially built to service a rather low-density residential area.
Bus service is provided to Villages of Eastlake and Downtown Kirkwood.
Here you can find "Oraselul copiilor"(City of the kids) the greatest amusement park in Romania.
Passengers would have to cross the tracks to access both platforms.
Mottisfont & Dunbridge railway station is a railway station serving the village of Dunbridge situated in Hampshire, England, on the Wessex Main Line.
The station was originally on the Upper Ferntree Gully - Gembrook narrow gauge line.
Ticket gates came into use at the station in 2012.
The station has a limited number of car parking spaces.
It is located adjacent to the Fawkner Crematorium and Memorial Park, which opened in 1906, and from then until 1939, special mortuary trains ran.
It is located on Nash Street and El Segundo Boulevard in El Segundo, California.
Galvin railway station is a closed railway station which was located on the Werribee line of the Melbourne suburban rail system in Australia.
Services had decreased to 10 per day each direction by 2005, but have since increased to 25 trains per day.
The only remains of the station are sections of platform edge.
It is on the Cross City Line.
It is located at 220 North Eleventh Street, at the corner of North Eleventh Street's intersection with US 17/SR 100.
Burnham-on-Crouch railway station is on the Crouch Valley Line in the East of England, serving the town of Burnham-on-Crouch, Essex.
Orrell railway station serves the Orrell area of the Metropolitan Borough of Wigan, Greater Manchester, England.
Gaiemmae Station is a subway station on the Tokyo Metro Ginza Line in Minato, Tokyo, Japan, operated by the Tokyo subway operator Tokyo Metro.
It is also one of the most modern and striking buildings in Dhaka designed by American architect Robert Boughey.
It is a ground-level station located at 114 Street at 83 Avenue on the University of Alberta's main campus.
It reopened as a heritage line in 1985.
It is at the point where the Arun Valley Line diverges from the Brighton Main Line and Thameslink, 29 miles 21 chains down-line from London Victoria.
This name is sometimes incorrectly still used, either out of habit or intentionally to distinguish it from West Worthing and East Worthing stations.
North Woolwich railway station in North Woolwich in east London was the eastern terminus of the North London Line.
The station logo depicts the tallest building in the nearby Nonoalco-Tlatelolco residential estate, the triangular Torre Insignia, which was formerly a Banobras building.
The Cologne Trade Fair grounds are directly north of the station, hence the Messe in the station's name.
Krestyanskaya Zastava was opened on 28 December 1995 as part of the first stage of the Lyublinsky Radius.
New Delhi is a station on the Yellow Line of the Delhi Metro.
It is an important passenger interchange station, opened in April 2011.
Until 1968 there were termini at both Peel and Ramsey in the west and north of the island respectively.
The station logo depicts a man sailing a canoe.
It is one of the principal stations on the West Coast Main Line.
District line service began in 1902, and the Hammersmith & City followed in 1936.
There is a car park on the Senghennydd Road side, which is University owned and not for general public use.
Pasir Ris MRT Station is an elevated Mass Rapid Transit station on the East West Line in Pasir Ris, Singapore.
It is on the Shrewsbury to Wolverhampton Line.
It is 389 km from Southern Cross station, in Melbourne.
Lairg railway station is a railway station just south of the village of Lairg in the Highland council area of Scotland.
When heading east, Sörnäinen is the last station that is actually underground - the eastern part of the metro service is mostly above ground
It was renamed Northcote on 10 December 1906.
Stamford Brook is a London Underground station on the eastern edge of Chiswick in west London.
It serves the city of Wodonga opening on 25 June 2011 as part of the Wodonga Rail Bypass project.
Station facilities here have been improved as part of the Tees Valley Metro project.
It was disestablished as a staff station on 14 September 1988, with the signal box abolished.
Royal Oak station is located on an elevated portion of the Expo Line, a part of Metro Vancouver's SkyTrain rapid transit system.
During the summer, special service to nearby Petrie Island Beach is provided on weekends.
Services have now been replaced by a provisional Bus Rapid Transit line.
There was originally a platform road and a loop siding, but a crossing loop was later added in between the two.
Glossop is the third busiest railway station in the county of Derbyshire after Derby and Chesterfield.
The road links Bentley with York Bar.
Wacol railway station is located on the Main line in Queensland, Australia.
Passengers with layovers there often visit the non-profit Old Pass Gallery, located on the station grounds in the restored 1910 Railway Express Agency building.
Westbound trains terminate at Liverpool Street and eastbound trains run to a number of destinations including Braintree, Clacton-on-Sea, Colchester Town, Ipswich and Norwich.
The station is also directly linked to the Clementi Mall and Clementi Bus Interchange.
Gilberdyke railway station is a railway station that serves the village of Gilberdyke in the East Riding of Yorkshire, England.
It opened in 1862 with a single platform and a siding.
This station has an information desk and facilities for the disabled.
It serves the northern Wollongong suburb of Bellambi opening in 1889.
For the Oslo Metro station, see Røa.
Penrose railway station is located on the Main South line in New South Wales, Australia.
It is 18 miles 16 chains down the line from London Liverpool Street and is situated between Harold Wood and Shenfield.
Moorside is the least used station on the Atherton Line.
The station, on a four-track section, is served by local and rapid services of the Chūō Main Line on weekdays.
However the wooden signal box at the station's southern end was still extant in 1959, when it was photographed by H. B. Priestly.
Since then the station has been restored to its former glory and forms the headquarters of the society and includes the Rushden Station Railway Museum.
Ōsaka Uehommachi Station is a railway station in Tennoji-ku, Osaka, Japan, served by the Kintetsu Railway's Osaka, Nara, and Namba Lines.
Beneath the station, a bus terminal is located there, as well as a Rapid KL office.
Chennai Central, erstwhile Madras Central, is the main railway terminus in the city of Chennai, formerly known as Madras.
The Lycée Claudel stop is located between Riverside Drive and Old Riverside Drive just south of Hincks Lane.
It is 70 miles 60 chains from London Liverpool Street; the preceding station on the line is Dovercourt.
The station is surrounded by agricultural land.
The building had been used for many years as a beauty school since it was sold by Conrail.
The station is managed by Abellio ScotRail and is on the Aberdeen to Inverness Line.
Taman Jaya is an elevated rapid transit station in Petaling Jaya, Selangor, Malaysia, forming part of the Kelana Jaya Line.
In 2016, two people were killed when a motor vehicle and an express down service X'Trapolis train collided at the Surrey Hills Level Crossing.
The ticket office closed on 28 March 2013 and the station is now unstaffed.
The station lies between Strathcarron and the Glen Carron platform.
The station is managed by Abellio ScotRail and is on the Highland Main Line.
It serves the south-eastern Melbourne suburb of Richmond opening on 12 December 1859 as Swan Street, being renamed Richmond on 1 January 1867.
It opened in 1849 and was rebuilt in 1960.
The station is in a deep cutting between two tunnels.
Borrowash railway station was a station at Borrowash in Derbyshire.
Davis Street station, at Davis Street and Maple Avenue, has two elevated platforms.
Springfield railway station serves the village of Springfield in Fife, Scotland.
Latest figures indicate that over 300,000 passengers use the station annually.
A few Shore Line East trains terminate at Stamford during the morning rush hour, and originate there in the evening.
Langwarrin, a now demolished station on the Stony Point line, was located between Leawarra and Baxter stations.
It lies immediately to the west of the Quadrant Shopping Centre.
Shinagawa Station is a major railway station in Tokyo, Japan, operated by East Japan Railway Company, Central Japan Railway Company, and the private railway operator Keikyu.
It serves the village of Ambergate in Derbyshire, England.
On one of the station's platforms a private waiting room was built for the "Yellow Earl of Lonsdale" who lived at nearby Lowther Castle.
The station is operated by the Hiroshima Electric Railway.
Since the main line was re-signalled in January 2016, the box has become the 'fringe' on this route to the Rail operating centre at York.
The tram stop is served by Tramlink route 2, which connects central Croydon with Beckenham.
This is the northernmost Metrorail station within the Miami city limits.
North Acton is a London Underground station in North Acton, west London in the London Borough of Ealing.
The potato siding was situated high above the road and had a wooden floor, fine for wagons and vans but as the title says, not locomotives.
Monkton railway station was a railway station serving the village of Monkton, South Ayrshire, Scotland.
Southgate is a London Underground Piccadilly line station in Southgate.
South Harrow is a London Underground station on the Uxbridge branch of the Piccadilly line.
It is enclosed by a number of major roads including Logan Road, Miles Platting Road, the Pacific Motorway and the Gateway Motorway.
The entire station is underground, with three pairs of platforms: one for S-trains, one for main line trains and one for the metro.
Hall Road TMD was adjacent to the station.
The nearest bus stops, public phones and taxi rank are in the High Street.
There are four platforms, however, platform 4 is only used occasionally in peak times.
Bell railway station is located on the Main Western line in New South Wales, Australia.
Kendal railway station is a railway station serving Kendal in Cumbria, England.
Cowan was a terminating point for CityRail suburban services until January 1992 when all services were curtailed at Berowra.
Toccoa, formerly known as the Toccoa Southern Railway Depot, is a train station in Toccoa, Georgia.
Kinning Park station is the shallowest of the Subway system.
This station marks the beginning and end of the line for the Brickell loop.
It is located at Wilshire Boulevard and Alvarado Street, across from the park of the same name in Los Angeles' Westlake District.
The line between Oxford and Bletchley is to be reopened by 2019, but because of its isolated location Verney Junction will not be reopened.
Dartford is a major interchange station in the North Kent region of the Southeastern network.
The station buildings were designed by the architect William Fowler.
Both metro stations are located on the opposing sides of the train station with a long tunnel connecting both platforms.
The station was opened on 5 September 1969.
Finstock railway station serves the village of Finstock and the hamlet of Fawler in Oxfordshire, England.
The station has a signal box on platform 2 which controls a set of points just to the north of the station.
The station is manned in the mornings only, on Mondays to Saturdays.
Harrington Railway Station serves the village of Harrington in Cumbria, England.
Step-free access is available to each platform, whilst train running information is provided by display screens, telephone and timetable posters.
The football stadium redevelopment plan includes space for additional platforms on the other curves.
The line east of Ringwood was closed completely and the track lifted in 1965.
Following the relocation of many London Borough of Newham council staff to the Building 1000 offices adjoining the station, usage has increased substantially during office hours.
This station is one of the most convenient for transferring passengers as they do not have to walk long distances to interchange between lines.
Silver Line service at Morgan Boulevard began on July 26, 2014.
The station is in London fare Zone 9.
It is on the Bletchley — Bedford Marston Vale Line.
Metro Guerrero is a metro station on the Mexico City Metro.
New Malden railway station is in the Royal Borough of Kingston upon Thames in South London.
Itsukaichi Station is a railway station on the Sanyō Main Line in Itsukaichi-ekimae, Saeki-ku, Hiroshima, operated by West Japan Railway Company.
Merryton railway station is a railway station in Larkhall, Scotland.
Located at an elevation of 1,110 meters above mean sea level, the station is situated inside a snow tunnel.
Highlandman railway station was a station southeast of Crieff in Perth and Kinross, Scotland.
The station opened to passenger traffic on 2 January 1865, and closed on 3 March 1952.
Blackpool South railway station serves the suburban south of the popular seaside resort of Blackpool, Lancashire, England.
Paris Bercy is a railway station and terminus in Paris, France, operated by the SNCF.
The Metrolink element opened in June 1992.
It is located in fare zone 4.
Keikyū Ōtsu Station is a railway station on the Keikyu Main Line in Yokosuka, Kanagawa, Japan, operated by the private railway operator Keikyu.
It is located on the Birmingham to Worcester via Kidderminster Line.
The station was built in 1924 and first served as the terminus for the private Gråkallbanen.
The station was finally opened on 14 December 1947.
It is located at Jalan Dato' Onn.
High Street Kensington is a London Underground station at Kensington High Street.
The station closed on 3 April 1956 and there are now no signs of it ever existing.
On 1 May 1897, Ashburton closed, along with the line from Camberwell.
The original station was closed on January 7, 2010, and demolished immediately with the new station constructed in its place.
San Antonio is an Amtrak railroad station located on the eastern portion of Downtown San Antonio, in San Antonio, Texas.
The station is within walking distance of the University of Virginia, which is the major employer in the area.
A large pay & display car park is located across the road from the station.
It is scheduled to open in 2018.
This station opened on 12 June 2005.
Lowestoft is 22 miles 32 chains down the line from Norwich and is the easternmost station on the National Rail network in the United Kingdom.
It is operated by Northern who provide all passenger train services.
The station is served by Great Western Railway local services from Reading to Newbury and Bedwyn.
The station installed station canopies for the stations entrance in 2014.
One effect of the railways was that racing became a national sport with owners being able to transport their horses over much larger distances.
Moses Gate is the nearest railway station to the village of Little Lever.
Tokushima Station is a railway station in Tokushima, Tokushima Prefecture, Japan, operated by the Shikoku Railway Company.
Usugi Station is a railway station on the Rikuu East Line in Mogami, Yamagata, Japan, operated by East Japan Railway Company.
Ladybank railway station serves the town of Ladybank in Fife, Scotland.
The station has moderate usage for a suburban station, with approximately 2 million exits or entrances a year.
North/Clybourn was opened on October 17, 1943.
The station is located in Sentul, a suburb of Kuala Lumpur, which is surrounded by medium density low cost housing developments.
It is operated by London Midland, which also provides all services.
The station had a large gothic revival building on the Bristol-bound platform, with smaller passenger facilities on the opposite platform and a goods yard beyond.
Sakurajōsui Station is a railway station on the Keio Line in Setagaya, Tokyo, Japan, operated by the private railway operator Keio Corporation.
Brownhills railway station was a station on the South Staffordshire Line in England.
It served the village of Tebay, Cumbria, England.
Brockley railway station is a station serving the south-east London district of Brockley and is on the main railway line between London Bridge and Brighton.
It is located on the Furness Line to Lancaster 1 3⁄4 miles south of the main Barrow station.
The station is named after the nearby Seijo University.
The average journey time to London Paddington from Pewsey is just over an hour.
The first office of the Reliance Commercial Corporation was set up at the Narsinathan Street in Masjid Bunder
Iwaizumi Station was a railway station on the Iwaizumi Line in Iwaizumi, Iwate, Japan, operated by East Japan Railway Company.
The original station was on the route of the Millwall Extension Railway which was an old Victorian railway line that had been disused for many years.
Select trains on the GO Transit Stouffville line stop at the station as part of a year-long pilot project that began on February 2, 2015.
Dyke Junction Halt was opened in 1905 by the London, Brighton and South Coast Railway with short wooden platforms.
Trains from the station run northbound to Charing Cross via Orpington and southbound to Tunbridge Wells.
Yuza Station is a JR East railway station located in Yuza, Yamagata Prefecture, Japan.
The station was originally part of the Glasgow, Barrhead and Neilston Direct Railway.
Tatekoshi Station is a railway station on the Tōhoku Main Line in Natori, Miyagi Prefecture, Japan, operated by East Japan Railway Company.
It is served by Transperth routes operated by Path Transit, Swan Transit and Transdev WA.
The station building is located close to the Sanyo Electric Railway Himeji Station and Himeji Castle.
The station building however still houses the headquarters for District 1 of the State Railways.
Matunga Road is the smallest railway halt in Mumbai in terms of number of passengers and number of platforms.
The station gets more trains than any other in Ayrshire.
Twelve years later, conventional locomotives replaced the atmospheric powered engines.
It is unstaffed, but there are passenger information screens and a long-line PA system in place to provide train running information.
Bendigo railway station is the terminus of the Bendigo line, in Victoria, Australia.
Kirby Park railway station was a station on the single track Hooton to West Kirby branch of the Birkenhead Railway, on the Wirral Peninsula, England.
Access from the estate to the station is via a chain suspension bridge.
In the 1990s BR planned to restore passenger services between Leicester and Burton as the second phase of its Ivanhoe Line project.
The platforms are short and can barely accommodate a British Rail Class 153 train.
This station is a large park-and-ride station located just east of Cleveland Avenue in Gresham, between Northeast Division Street and East Powell Boulevard.
It is the terminus of the Abbey Line from Watford Junction, part of the London Midland franchise.
Poyntzpass railway station serves Poyntzpass in County Armagh, Northern Ireland.
The station was closed to all traffic in January 1972.
The station, and the trains which serve it are operated by Southern, and it is in Travelcard Zone 2 and the Oyster card fare scheme.
Paveletsky station is one of Moscow's nine main railway stations.
It is believed to be the only regularly operating Wig-wag signal remaining in Victoria.
Kuala Lumpur railway station is a railway station located in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia.
The station is managed and served by Great Northern.
West Malling railway station lies to the east of West Malling, Kent, England and is close to Kings Hill, Larkfield and Leybourne.
The only bus service to serve Bayford is Centrebus 308, operating just 2-3 times a day, with connections to Cuffley and Hertford.
Kentish Town is a London Underground and National Rail station in Kentish Town in the London Borough of Camden.
Most trains are those provided by Chiltern on its London Marylebone/Leamington Spa/Birmingham Snow Hill/Kidderminster route, but these are augmented by a few London Midland services.
It is located in Glasgow city centre, Scotland.
Through running is technically possible but is not done in normal service.
Located at the northern end of the Cascade Station development, it is the 2nd stop north on the Airport MAX.
Heathrow Airtrack — Consultation Brochure 2 - October 2008.
In May 2015, the Level Crossing Removal Authority announced a grade separation project, to replace the Centre Road level crossing, immediately south of the station.
"Up" trains travelling from Portadown to Belfast could not serve Knockmore as it was the middle line with no platform.
It serves the town of Drouin opening on 1 March 1878.
This station should not be confused with other stations of similar-sounding name on the Geibi Line: Shimowachi, Shiomachi, and Shiwaguchi.
Eltham railway station is a station in Eltham, South East London within the Royal Borough of Greenwich.
St. Patrick is a subway station on the Yonge–University line in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.
The station has yellow, red and white tiling.
The south parking lot has a kiss and ride loop.
The ticket office, adjacent to Platform 1, is now privately owned.
The old station was converted into a museum in the 1970s, and a new, more modern station was built to the north of the old one.
Manor is also where the Regional Rail Link branches from the direct Geelong-Melbourne rail line.
Coorparoo railway station is located on the Cleveland line in Queensland, Australia.
Services operated by Chiltern Railways run south to London Marylebone and north to Banbury, Birmingham Snow Hill and Stratford-upon-Avon.
In addition, Woburn Sands railway station is just outside the Milton Keynes boundary and serves the south-east of the Borough.
Works records of Elsecar show that these trains ran until 'the early years of the 20th century'.
Bosham railway station serves the small village of Bosham in West Sussex, England.
By 1895 it had the largest number of platforms on any terminal railway station in London.
He also demanded the construction of a railway line linking Cherbourg to Paris.
Hilldale railway station is located on the Hunter Line in New South Wales, Australia opening on 14 August 1911.
A tunnel under the Nunnery Colliery goods line was necessary as well as a bridge above the Midland Main Line, just north of Midland station.
Burnside railway station serves the Burnside and Blairbeth areas of the Royal Burgh of Rutherglen, South Lanarkshire, Greater Glasgow, Scotland.
The former weighbridge siding was removed in July 1988, with the weighbridge itself and points leading to the siding removed not long after.
The station is located on the Midland Main Line from Derby to Leeds.
A direct service to Newport is expected to commence in 2018 following double-tracking and re-signalling works between Aberbeeg and Crosskeys.
Plaza Garibaldi is a large square near the metro station which was named in honor of Giuseppe Garibaldi II, the grandson of Italian hero Giuseppe Garibaldi.
It is 6 miles 46 chains down-line from London Paddington and is situated between Ealing Broadway to the east and Hanwell and to the west.
The station is on Victoria Road, just off Station Road, which is part of the A4040 Birmingham outer ring road.
Construction of the modern building according to the design by architect Alexey Shchusev started in 1913 and ended in 1940.
Marylebone station suffered from a lack of traffic and after the GCML closed in 1966, it declined in use.
The station has a direct connection to the Old Trafford football stadium and the platform is adjacent to the south stand of the stadium.
It serves the village of Tallong, opening in 1869 as a small halt named Barbers Creek Tank.
It is in Zone 3, in the London Borough of Haringey just outside of the London Borough of Hackney.
Winchelsea railway station is a railway station in East Sussex.
Dorking West railway station is in Dorking, Surrey, England.
Trains go east to Ogilvie Transportation Center in Chicago and as far west as Elburn, Illinois.
The station and all trains serving it are currently operated by c2c.
Kōshien Station is a railway station on the Hanshin Main Line in Nishinomiya, Hyōgo, Japan, operated by the private railway operator Hanshin Electric Railway.
It is 21.8 rail kilometers from the terminus of the Sagami Railway at Yokohama Station.
Grand Central Terminal has intricate designs both on its inside and outside.
Before the HarbourFront MRT station opened in 2003 on the North East Line, it was the nearest MRT station to Sentosa.
The name and the logo come from the fact that the Northern intercity bus station is located in front of this metro station.
It is served by South Western Commuter services.
It opened in November 1880, between Central and Gallions stations, on the Gallions branch of the line.
The City of Portland has opted to leave the sidewalk intact.
The other major railway terminals in the city are Chennai Egmore and Tambaram, Chennai Beach.
It is located on the Far North Line.
The station is 5 3⁄4 miles north of Bolton.
Westlake/MacArthur Park is a heavy-rail subway station in the Los Angeles County Metro Rail system.
Shoreditch was a London Underground station in the London Borough of Tower Hamlets in east London.
Leuchars railway station serves the towns of Leuchars and St Andrews in Fife, Scotland.
To the northwest, they follow the river, passing through rail yards before crossing the river again on the Burlington Northern Railroad Bridge 5.1.
It takes its name from the Warsaw City Hall located on the western side of the square.
Pangsapuri Melur is the nearest residential properties to this station.
It is managed by Southern, which also operates the trains that call, along with Thameslink.
Metro Tacuba is a station of the Mexico City Metro.
It serves the town of Colac, and opened on 27 July 1877, as the terminus of the line from Birregurra.
There are two levels on the station.
It is expected to be 2016 before these upgrades are complete.
Under the station naming rights granted by Mass Rapid Transit Corporation Sdn Bhd, the MRT station is called the Aeon-Maluri MRT Station.
Despite talk of constructing a replacement station nearby, this has not been provided for in the Crossrail Act 2008.
Barnehurst railway station serves Barnehurst, London Borough of Bexley: it is 13 miles 71 chains from Charing Cross on the Bexleyheath Line.
Gdańsk Zaspa railway station is a railway station serving the city of Gdańsk, in the Pomeranian Voivodeship, Poland.
Despite the Providence Park eastbound station being only a few blocks away, the station was added at the request of the neighborhood.
The village of Scorton is situated around half a mile from the site of the station.
It serves the International Terminal at Brisbane Airport, opening on 5 May 2001 at the same time as the line.
The station is located in the Mandaluyong portion of Ortigas Center and is named after either Ortigas Center or Ortigas Avenue, which is nearby.
Barton Hill railway station was a minor railway station serving the villages of Barton Hill and Barton-le-Willows in North Yorkshire, England.
The station is between Alperton and Sudbury Hill, and is in Travelcard Zone 4.
The single platform is on the left of trains arriving from Liskeard.
There is a self-service ticket machine on platform 1 and smartcard readers on both platforms.
Colfax at Auraria station is a RTD light rail station in Denver, Colorado, United States.
It is 7 miles 29 chains down the line from London Liverpool Street and is situated between Manor Park and Seven Kings.
It is currently managed by Abellio Greater Anglia, which also operates all trains serving the station.
The Phipps Bridge tram stop is clearly visible to the west.
Cape Town railway station is the main railway station of the city of Cape Town, South Africa.
At other times, Frankston bound trains used Platform 2.
The gated level crossing is controlled by a crossing keeper, who resides in a cabin erected on the up platform.
A PERTIS ticket machine was installed in 2008 on both the London-bound and the Lewes-bound platform.
The station opened on 30 August 1983.
Wellingtonbridge railway station served the town of Wellingtonbridge and nearby Maudlintown in County Wexford, Ireland.
The station was the setting for an episode of The Goon Show called 'The Pevensey Bay Disaster' which was first broadcast in 1956.
The platform moved to a new location between 1 Street and Centre Street, one block east of its old location.
The station was opened by the Tottenham & Hampstead Junction Railway on 1 January 1872.
Originally it was named Lillerød, but the name was changed in 1952 to prevent confusion with nearby Hillerød.
The station lost its last dedicated stationmaster in the mid-1960s.
The station was opened in 1863 by the Bristol and South Wales Union Railway, with a single track and platform.
Century Avenue Station is a Shanghai Metro station named after Century Avenue, which runs above the station.
London-bound trains head south to neighbouring Tadworth, then turn east and finally north-east.
Opened in 1878 by the London and South Western Railway, the station gained a second platform fifteen years later when the line through here was doubled.
It is owned by the Los Angeles County Metropolitan Transportation Authority.
The station entrance is located off Dumbarton Road at the end of a narrow arcade of shops below flats.
Rhoose Cardiff International Airport railway station is a railway station that serves the village of Rhoose and Cardiff Airport in southeast Wales.
Delta is a Brussels metro and railroad station in the municipality of Auderghem/Oudergem, Brussels Capital Region.
It is the largest road transport hub for public services in the county.
Inman Park / Reynoldstown is a train station in Atlanta, Georgia, serving the Blue Line of the Metropolitan Atlanta Rapid Transit Authority rail system.
A temporary station was built on the site in 1888–1889 when the railway line was extended from Lilydale to Healesville.
Passenger services were withdrawn from Charfield in January 1965 with the removal of stopping services on the Bristol to Gloucester line.
Metro San Antonio Abad is a station on Line 2 of the Mexico City Metro system.
The icon representing this station is an ear of corn and the sun, which has a meaning that is actually twofold.
Eccles railway station serves the town of Eccles, Greater Manchester, England.
It is served by Metrolink's Antelope Valley Line from Los Angeles Union Station to Lancaster.
The station was opened on 29 August 1981.
Cleveland railway station is located on the Cleveland line in Queensland, Australia.
Spalding railway station serves the town of Spalding, Lincolnshire, England.
It is located at East Main Street and North Bridges Street, and is located in the heart of historic downtown Hamlet.
As part of the extension of the electrified network from St Albans, the station was relocated southwards in 2002, and renamed Watergardens.
The station is located in Putuo District, Shanghai.
It serves the south-eastern Melbourne suburb of Officer, and opened on 4 August 1881 as Officer's Siding.
It is backed by a car-park and a shopping complex.
Hazrat Nizamuddin railway station is one of the five main railway stations of Delhi.
Also during 1988, the double line block system between Warragul and Yarragon was abolished, with automatic three position signalling introduced.
Until 2006, Glenmont was also the only station in the system lit with sodium lamps, which gave the station a warm orange glow.
Pollokshaws East railway station is a railway station in Glasgow, Scotland.
Godstone railway station is on the Redhill to Tonbridge Line and serves Godstone in Surrey, England.
The station is located at the intersection of Northeast Sixth Street and Second Avenue, opening to service May 26, 1994.
It is located on the Armadale line, 7.4 kilometres from Perth station serving the suburbs of Carlisle and East Victoria Park.
The station is managed by Southern, who operate all trains serving it.
Chiltern Green railway station was built by the Midland Railway in 1868 on its extension to St. Pancras.
The station is located just south of downtown Rocky Mount, and the street address is 101 Hammond Street.
This figure excludes V/Line passengers who use the station.
It was then renamed Barry Beach Junction, after the opening of the line to Barry Beach servicing the oil fields in Bass Strait.
Newton for Hyde is 7 1⁄2 miles east of Manchester Piccadilly station and managed by Northern Rail.
It has side platforms, which sit on either side of the tracks, and a 315-space commuter parking lot to the west across South Boulevard.
Great Western Railway manage the station and operate the train services.
In July 2007 a man in his 70s died of a heart attack within the station.
Kintetsu Nara Station is a railway station on the Nara Line in Nara, Japan, operated by the private railway operator Kintetsu Railway.
It is in Zone 2 of the TransLink integrated public transport system.
Hale railway station serves the area of Hale in the south of Altrincham, Greater Manchester, England.
There is no ticket machine or booking office, so tickets have to be bought in advance or on the train.
The building was completely renovated during 2009/2010 and is now a privately owned self-catering holiday cottage.
Metro added 1 new additional late night trip for the Silver line, both directions on Fridays and Saturdays.
San Lázaro was the main terminus for the Interoceanic Railway, which linked the port of Veracruz, on the Gulf of Mexico, with the Pacific Ocean.
A pair of low level side platforms now serve route 96 trams on the light rail line.
It serves the southern Central Coast suburb of Point Clare opening on 28 June 1891.
The station was about 760 yards east of the present day Swinton railway station.
The railway through Fearn station is single track, the nearest passing loops being at Invergordon to the south and Tain to the west.
West Calder railway station is a railway station serving West Calder in West Lothian, Scotland.
It is on the Kirkby branch line from Wigan Wallgate and means the service runs through three counties on its journey from Wigan to Kirkby.
A direct underground link with the railway station was opened in February 2011.
It is one of four stations in the Borough of Poole.
From the stations closure on May 3, 2010, and until July 6, 2011, transit passengers had to use the Olympic Plaza station two blocks west.
Turnham Green is a London Underground station in Chiswick of the London Borough of Hounslow, west London.
Allerød station is a railway station serving the town of Lillerød in Allerød municipality north of Copenhagen, Denmark.
The station has separate entrances to each platform; these are connected by a footbridge which also serves as a public right of way.
It was located within walking distance of the Kernot General Store.
It is served by Sydney Trains T4 line services.
It opened in 1879 as Limestone, being renamed East Ipswich in 1881.
A pedestrian crossing connects the station with Tower Hill station, its closest London Underground connection.
The name Monumento itself is derived from the Spanish word for monument.
It is in the center of the city in the Pathum Wan District, and is operated by the State Railway of Thailand.
The station is located along Jalan SS 2/3, near the Taman Megah interchange of the Damansara–Puchong Expressway or better known as the LDP.
The station has two island platforms, one for arriving and one for departing trains.
When opened it was named Great Queen Street.
From 2013 it is the major terminus for Emu Plains services.
The station is 1.25 miles west of Plymouth railway station on the Cornish Main Line.
The station was opened by the Southport & Cheshire Lines Extension Railway in 1884 and closed in 1952.
Port Huron is an Amtrak station in Port Huron, Michigan, and the eastern terminus of the Blue Water.
Aldergrove railway station is a former railway station which served the townland of Aldergrove in County Antrim, Northern Ireland.
It is served by the Fredericksburg Line and Manassas Line of the Virginia Railway Express system.
The station is connected to the Rome's Metro line B by Tiburtina metro station.
It includes a new concourse, a new exterior facade, and a new entrance on Stephenson Street.
The station allowed train passengers to link with ferry sailings to Great Cumbrae and the Isle of Bute.
The long-line Public Address system was renewed and upgraded with pre-recorded announcements.
Bonn Hauptbahnhof is a railway station located on the left bank of the Rhine along the Cologne–Mainz line.
Hadfield railway station serves the town of Hadfield in Derbyshire, England.
A model of the station won two Grand Prix awards at expositions in Paris and Brussels.
Metro Garibaldi is located on the northern fringes of Mexico City's historical downtown district or Centro, it also serves Colonia Guerrero, and Colonia Morelos.
The station serves the village of the same name and the town of Newtownmountkennedy.
The station was built to serve the former Royal Australian Air Force Laverton base.
The station serves as a terminus for the Heathrow Express services to Paddington in central London, and for Piccadilly line services towards Cockfosters.
Providence is a railroad station in Providence, Rhode Island, served by Amtrak and MBTA Commuter Rail.
Colne railway station serves the Lancashire mill town of Colne, England, which is situated close to Pendle Hill.
It is located at the point where the line from Lewisham splits into branches to Tower Gateway/Bank and Stratford.
It is the larger of the two Underground stations in the town of Buckhurst Hill, with Roding Valley station being the smaller.
The station and all other intermediate stations on the line closed to passengers in September 1930.
It has been threatened with closure on several occasions since the 1950s, narrowly avoiding the Beeching Axe and being reprieved again by British Rail in 1985.
The two platforms are located on each side of the two lane road, but are staggered laterally rather than being opposite each other.
It is the only station on the Oimachi Line with two tracks in each direction, being used for transfer between local and express trains.
The Western standard gauge line passes to the west of the station.
It was upgraded to a Premium station on 20 December 1995.
The nearest stations served by Amtrak are Irvine and Santa Ana.
Orenco/Northwest 231st Avenue is a light rail station in the MAX Light Rail system in Hillsboro, Oregon, United States.
It is served by the Ampang Line and Sri Petaling Line.
The station is managed by Great Western Railway, who provide services on the North Downs Line from Reading to Guildford, Redhill and Gatwick Airport.
Kibworth railway station was opened by the Midland Railway in 1857 on what is now the Midland Main Line.
The station will become the main railway station for the proposed City of Birmingham Stadium, if that is constructed.
The station is in Travelcard Zone 4.
In terms of passenger entries and exits between April 2010 and March 2011, Gatwick Airport was the tenth-busiest station outside London.
The line to March and Peterborough also diverges to the north.
The factory has since been demolished, making way for a planned office and residential development.
One of the oldest Metro stations, it was designed by Alexey Dushkin and Ya.
To the west of the station lies the NSW North Coast dual gauge line primarily used by Gold Coast, NSW TrainLink XPT and freight services.
The new wharf opened on 15 June 2015.
Metro Centro Médico serves the Roma Sur neighbourhood.
Construction is scheduled from 2010 to 2019.
As a temporary solution, extensive train-bus services help alleviate congestion.
Tsurugata Station is a JR East railway station located in Noshiro, Akita Prefecture, Japan.
It is adjacent to the Tokyo Skytree and Skytree Town redevelopment, and was formerly known as Narihirabashi Station.
The station was subsequently demolished, and replaced with a car park.
There is a dedicated rail linc bus that links with the train.
Ravenswood is a railroad station on the North Side of Chicago serving Metra's Union Pacific/North Line.
Stonegate railway station is on the Hastings Line in East Sussex in England.
Whitley Bridge railway station serves the villages of Eggborough and Whitley in North Yorkshire, England.
The station's logo is a water wave in a canal.
Rheydt Hauptbahnhof is a railway station in Mönchengladbach, Germany.
Knight Center is a Metromover station in Downtown, Miami, Florida located in the Miami Tower.
It's the largest bus Terminus in Asia.
Ballachulish Ferry was a railway station on the south shore at the narrows of Loch Leven at South Ballachulish in Highland region, Scotland.
The 1907 neo-baroque station building is a heritage site of national significance.
Larne Town railway station serves Larne in County Antrim, Northern Ireland.
Stabling facilities are located south of the station.
Takizawa Station is a railway station in the city of Takizawa, Iwate Prefecture, Japan, operated by the Iwate Ginga Railway.
Wakōshi Station is a railway station in Wakō, Saitama, Japan, operated by the private railway operator Tobu Railway and Tokyo subway operator Tokyo Metro.
Its three-letter station code is DDK and it is in Travelcard zone 5.
This Mexico City Metro train station is underground.
It serves the south-eastern Melbourne suburb of Balaclava opening on 19 December 1859.
It is owned by Network Rail and operated by East Midlands Trains train operating company.
Train running information is available via information boards & posters and a telephone helpline.
The signal box which controlled the crossing was abolished in February 2015 when the controls were transferred to Three Bridges Regional Operations Centre.
The current station house was built around 1955 as a replacement for several other stations in the past.
First Street is a Metromover station in Downtown, Miami, Florida.
Latrobe City Council's offices now reside in the former location of the yard.
The station is in Travelcard Zone 3.
Dominion is a station on the transitway in Ottawa, Ontario.
The present Greensborough Highway overpass, located at the Down end of the station, was provided in 1988/1989.
However, there is no ticket office at this station, as Amtrak closed the ticket office in 1977.
Songhong Road is the name of a station on Line 2 of the Shanghai Metro.
Because of this, it is currently the only railway station in the Netherlands not to feature the name of the city it is located in.
In 2015 the station and all services that call there were transferred from Abellio Greater Anglia operation to London Overground.
Valby station is an S-train and railway station in the Valby district of Copenhagen, Denmark.
Loftus railway station is located on the Illawarra line, serving the Sydney suburb of Loftus.
The station is 19 miles from London Charing Cross.
Alpha High School is not far from the station.
Located on the Brighton Main Line and Thameslink 9 1⁄4 miles north of Brighton railway station, train services are provided by Southern and Thameslink.
New London Union Station is a historic regional rail station located in New London, Connecticut, United States.
The entrance to the station is on the east side of Sloane Square.
Platform 2 is no longer in use.
Upper Halliford railway station is immediately north of the border of Upper Halliford in Sunbury-on-Thames, Surrey, England.
It is now unmanned and has no ticketing facilities.
The Breckland Line to Thetford and Norwich diverges from the Fen Line to the north of Ely.
The station has two exit and entry points, on either side of Old Airport Road.
It approached Werneth station from the Manchester direction on a separate two track formation adjacent to the Incline.
The work included a new concourse, lifts, reconfigured bus interchange, CCTV and heritage work on the station buildings.
Crouch Hill railway station is a London Overground station on Crouch Hill between Stroud Green and Crouch End in the London Borough of Islington, north London.
It is between Great Portland Street and King's Cross St. Pancras on the Circle, Hammersmith & City and Metropolitan lines, in Travelcard Zone 1.
Cheddington was formerly a junction for the LNWR's branch line to Aylesbury High Street.
It was first used on 11 March 1991, being officially opened on 1 July 1991.
Bus service from the surrounding stops serves much of North and Northeast Portland.
Doroteo Jose station is the second station of LRT-1 north of the Pasig River, after Carriedo station.
Maidstone Barracks railway station is one of three railway stations which serve Maidstone in Kent.
The station is the southern terminus of the Victoria line.
Services are provided by Abellio ScotRail on behalf of Strathclyde Partnership for Transport.
The station and all trains serving it are operated by South West Trains.
Impulsora is a station on Line B of the Mexico City Metro system.
Provision was made at Monks Ferry for a connection to the internal rail system of shipbuilders Cammell Laird, which lay to the south of the station.
It serves the town of Bittern, and opened on 17 September 1889.
By 2015 the trackbed though the station site formed part of the Trans Pennine Trail.
Giggleswick railway station serves the village of Giggleswick and the town of Settle in North Yorkshire, England.
The ticket office is situated within the waiting room.
The railway station complex is also listed on the National Trust of Australia, as having state level significance.
The station is elevated and sits in the median of the Viaducto Río Piedad.
The station closed on 25 December 2014, when the Newcastle line was truncated to Hamilton to allow construction of the Newcastle Light Rail line.
Though the station served Rillington, it was located almost 1 mile away from the village.
The name was altered to Normans Bay on 5 May 1969.
The station's logo is the emblem of the Instituto Politécnico Nacional, a university in Mexico City.
Crawley railway station is a railway station serving the town of Crawley in West Sussex, England.
It was opened on 20 December 2003.
Hammerton railway station serves the villages of Kirk Hammerton and Green Hammerton in North Yorkshire, England.
It serves the eastern Melbourne suburb of Bayswater, opening on 4 December 1889.
Close by, but not in connection, is the a subway station with the same name, Nydalen.
East Lake is a transit station in Atlanta and Decatur, Georgia, serving the Blue Line of the Metropolitan Atlanta Rapid Transit Authority rail system.
The closest Greyhound/Trailways station is 30 miles away.)
Despite its small size, it is a calling point for a large number of services going both North to Aberdeen and South to Edinburgh and Glasgow.
The factory was bought by "white goods" manufacturer Hotpoint.
The others are Milton Keynes Central, Bletchley, Fenny Stratford and Bow Brickhill.
It is on London Overground's North London Line and East London Line.
Lime Street is the largest and oldest railway station in Liverpool, and is one of 18 stations managed by Network Rail.
It is located in fare zone 3 and named after the Bella Center, a congress center located to the west of this station.
The building has been developed over recent years and is now occupied by a cafe.
There are three main railway station bus stops located on Bennochy Road with access to the car park.
Flagstaff railway station is an underground station on the metro network in Melbourne, Australia.
It serves the City of Lake Macquarie town of Wyee opening on 1 August 1892.
It is in the middle of the suburb of Ballerup.
Finch GO Bus Terminal serves York Region, Ontario, Canada, making connections to transit services in the City of Toronto.
Inside is a newsstand, washrooms and indoor Viva kiosks.
Hartlebury railway station serves the village of Hartlebury in Worcestershire, England.
The two artwork installations at Wilshire/Western are called "People Coming", and the other "People Going".
The existing facility is served by direct westbound on ramps and eastbound off ramps to SR 267.
It was opened by the London, Brighton and South Coast Railway on 11 September 1905, and was originally named Pevensey Bay Halt.
It was opened on 25 September 1882 during the construction of the Metropolitan Railway to the north.
It is on the Manchester-Glossop Line, 10 miles east of Manchester Piccadilly.
Dalston railway station serves the town of Dalston in Cumbria, England.
The station is located at 601 North Nebraska Avenue.
Huaning Road Station is a metro station in the city of Shanghai.
Though there are track connections between the four railways, they are seldom used; each has its own dedicated dead-end platform tracks.
Greenfaulds railway station serves the Greenfaulds area of Cumbernauld, North Lanarkshire, Scotland.
The original station, now converted into a 3 bedroom house, and miniature railway was put up for sale in late 2006.
Midleton railway station is a railway station situated in Midleton, a town in south-eastern County Cork, in Ireland.
As of February 2012, significant redevelopment of the station is currently proposed by Barking and Dagenham London Borough Council and the Department for Transport.
It is located on the South Western Main Line from London Waterloo to Weymouth.
Niles is a train station in Niles, Michigan, served by Amtrak, the national railroad passenger system of the United States.
The Station Hotel was constructed beside it in 1869.
It is operated by the East Japan Railway Company.
The station was previously named Farningham Road & Sutton-at-Hone.
It is in West Reading, about 1 mile west from the town's main retail and commercial areas.
Collooney railway station serves the town of Collooney in County Sligo, Ireland.
New Addington is a terminal tram stop serving the centre of New Addington, in the London Borough of Croydon, in the southern suburbs of London.
The East 181st Avenue station is a MAX light rail station in Gresham, Oregon.
Katipunan station serves as the tenth station for trains headed to Santolan and the second station for trains headed to Recto.
Hoboken Terminal is wheelchair accessible, with high-level platforms for light rail and PATH services and portable lifts for commuter rail services.
There are many types of museums, including art museums, natural history museums, science museums, war museums, and children's museums.
The station also was a major border crossing between East and West Berlin.
It opened on 23 February 2004 on the first section of the Inner Northern Busway from the intersection of Roma Street to Herston.
For example, the previous station signage used the latter form, whilst the published timetables use the former version.
It statnds at the corner of West Front Street and Rosemary Clooney Street.
The station is between West Brompton and Clapham Junction stations and services are provided by London Overground and Southern.
Eynsford railway station serves Eynsford in Kent.
Wadamachi Station is a railway station located in Hodogaya Ward, Yokohama, Kanagawa Prefecture, Japan.
Shotts railway station is a railway station serving Shotts in North Lanarkshire, Scotland.
Goods traffic is still sometimes loaded in the goods yard at St Blazey, which is otherwise used for storing wagons from the adjacent marshalling yard.
Originally in Buckinghamshire the station moved into the county of Berkshire when county boundaries were realigned in 1974.
These include travel on the catamaran service to or from Portsmouth as appropriate.
It was again closed in January 1973 for four months and reopened with two non-wooden platforms.
Benning Road is an island platformed Washington Metro station in the Benning Ridge neighborhood of Northeast Washington, D.C., United States.
The entrance hall to the station on Amhurst Park lies within Hackney but the platform area is in the borough of Haringey.
Bedminster railway station is on the Bristol to Exeter Line and serves the districts of Bedminster and Windmill Hill in Bristol, England.
The station closed with the line on 1 July 1864, but was reopened on 9 October 1871, under government ownership.
The Chicago Board of Trade Building, Willis Tower and Harold Washington Library are close by.
It serves the southern part of the Kettwig borough, Kettwig vor der Brücke, and is situated right next to the river Ruhr.
The station is where three lines from London meet:
A substantial stone frontage with full-height portico with 4 attached Roman Ionic columns and triple arcade with moulded round arches.
The tram stop is located on a double track section of line, with platforms on either side of the track.
Sunshine is also serviced by V/Line Ballarat, Bendigo and Geelong services, with the station serving as the junction for the Serviceton line, to the state's west.
Its station colour is green and blue.
The station was opened in 1910 and was the lowest altitude station on the line.
Lebanon Road tram stop is a light rail stop in the London Borough of Croydon in the southern suburbs of London.
Combe railway station serves the village of Combe in Oxfordshire, England.
The station is managed by Abellio ScotRail and is on the Ayrshire Coast Line, 29 miles south west of Glasgow Central.
Near the former Monomeith Railway Station is the local horse club.
It is 20 miles 77 chains down the line from London Fenchurch Street via Upminster; it is situated between Ockendon and Grays.
The original station was designed by Philip Hardwick and built by William Cubitt, and became known for its distinctive Arch over the station entrance.
The station, opened in 1841 by the Bristol and Exeter Railway, has two platforms but little in the way of facilities.
The initialisms for the two universities were added to the station's name in 1999, two years after the dedication of the shared graduate center.
The station opened in 1889 and closed along with the line in December 1980.
Sandpoint is a train station along Amtrak's Empire Builder line in Sandpoint, Idaho, as well as the only operating Amtrak station in Idaho.
The late night service enhancement does not apply on Sundays nor on Mondays-Fridays.
Iarnród Éireann agreed to delay an afternoon service from the December 2005 timetable.
Ely station won first prize in the station of the year competition 1987.
Erica was originally named Upper Moondarra, but was renamed prior to 15 June 1908 to Moondarra, then to Harris prior to the line opening.
In June 2010 the railway bridge was replaced.
The town's first station was originally opened on 5 August 1856 by the Caterham Railway.
Since 2002, the area around the old village has been served by a station of its own, Gammel Toftegård.
It is served by Sydney Trains T6 Carlingford line services.
Ystrad Mynach railway station is a railway station serving the town of Ystrad Mynach, south Wales.
The station logo depicts the head of a lion, a symbol of Ethiopia.
The electric staff sections Trawalla - Beaufort and Beaufort - Buangor were also abolished, replaced with the electric staff section Trawalla - Buangor.
Park West is a Metromover station in the Park West neighborhood of Downtown, Miami, Florida.
Dongbaoxing Road Station is a station on the Shanghai Metro Line 3.
Dalmore was a railway station on the South Gippsland line in South Gippsland, Victoria, Australia.
It is located 23.4 rail kilometers from the northern terminus of the Keikyū Main Line at Shinagawa Station, in Tokyo.
Hadlow Road railway station was a station on the single track Hooton to West Kirby branch of the Birkenhead Railway, on the Wirral Peninsula, Cheshire, England.
This station is located in Jing'an District, below the historic Jing'an Temple and the Jiu Guang shopping mall.
Trains that stop at Wetheral also stop at all other stations west of Hexham on the Tyne Valley line.
It opened in 1900 and takes its name from the nearby Chancery Lane.
The station originally opened as Keilor Road, at a slightly different location, on 1 March 1859, and was renamed Sydenham in April 1887.
Compton is an at grade light rail station on the Los Angeles County Metro Blue Line.
Ribblehead railway station is located at the southern end of the famous Ribblehead Viaduct in North Yorkshire, England.
Lapstone railway station is located on the Main Western line in New South Wales, Australia.
Both of these streets are included in the transitway because of their bus-only lanes.
North Fambridge station is currently managed by Abellio Greater Anglia, which also operates all trains serving it.
The station was associated with a level crossing - hence Cossington Gate.
The station was adapted in the 1980s for the Hanover–Würzburg high-speed railway.
Sandy Railway Station serves the town of Sandy in Bedfordshire, England.
To the north were sidings for livestock, and a second oil terminal, which was in use until 2008, when oil services were discontinued by Pacific National.
No ticket machine is present, so passengers must buy in advance or from the conductor on the train.
The station was named in honor of Escuadrón 201, the Mexican military aviation unit that assisted the United States in the Philippines during World War II.
It is located at the corner of Merton High Street and Christchurch Road.
Sandhurst Road is a railway station on the Central and Harbour Lines of the Mumbai Suburban Railway.
Connections to lines 12 and 13 opened on 19 December 2015.
The station is 7 kilometres north west of Wigan Wallgate on the Manchester-Southport Line.
Burnley railway station is located on the Lilydale, Belgrave, Alamein and Glen Waverley lines in Victoria, Australia.
In recent years, the station was slowly dismantled, and in 1996 was damaged in a fire.
The station is the eleventh station for trains headed to Taft Avenue and the third station for trains headed to North Avenue.
The logo for the station is a wild duck.
Due to the docks, Masjid is a prominent area recognized as the hub of the larger shipping and maritime companies of India.
It was first opened on this site by the Taff Vale Railway in 1884.
Disused stations Ravenswood and Harcourt are located between Kangaroo Flat and Castlemaine, whilst disused station Golden Square is located between Kangaroo Flat and Bendigo.
It opened on 1 July 1870 and closed to passengers on 31 May 1948.
The BART to OAK Airport station has a single track and side platform.
Southfields is a London Underground station in Southfields in the London Borough of Wandsworth.
The station was staffed by VIA Rail ticket agents until October 25, 2012.
Telok Ayer MRT Station is an underground Mass Rapid Transit station on the Downtown Line at the boundary of Downtown Core and Outram planning areas, Singapore.
The platforms are below road level: the gabled station buildings stand on an overbridge at the country end.
The 13 line only serves the Darby Loop when cars are leaving service.
They provide all train services at the station, mainly hourly services between Bristol Parkway and Weston-super-Mare, and between Cardiff Central and Taunton.
However, the station is being restored as part of the Yarra Valley Railway, which is based at Healesville railway station.
Facilities included a signal box, classification and marshalling sidings, a weighbridge, an engine shed and repair siding, sidings for timber deliveries, and eight loading sidings.
Located at 236 East Washington Street in downtown Greensboro, it serves Amtrak passenger rail and is the city's main hub for local and intercity buses.
An announcement will be made, notifying commuters when the train going towards Marina Bay arrives.
Wright Station is situated on the Puffing Billy Railway, Melbourne, Australia.
The station building was built in 1915 when the line was duplicated.
This district includes 122 buildings, two landscapes, a sculpture, and a water tower located within the Mainside area of the base.
As a rule the platforms of private stations are very small, but this one at Dunrobin is an exception.
St Enoch station was a mainline railway station in the city of Glasgow, Scotland between 1876 and 1966.
The wide square columns are faced with grey marble as are the walls.
It is close to Battersea Park, and not far from Battersea Power Station.
Both platforms are located on the sides of 7 Avenue South and are located within the free-fare zone serving both Routes 201 and 202.
It is located beneath the Box Hill Central Shopping Centre.
The station has two platforms and trains are operated by Southern on the Seaford Branch of the East Coastway Line.
This combination causes it to be extremely busy during peak times, but it remains very busy during the rest of the day as well.
There was a goods siding next to the station.
Ipswich railway station is on the Great Eastern Main Line in the East of England, serving the town of Ipswich, Suffolk.
Cosford railway station is a two platform station on the former Great Western Railway's London to Birkenhead via Birmingham line.
The station, and all trains serving it, are operated by London Midland.
Panmure Railway Station is on the Eastern Line of the Auckland railway network in New Zealand.
The station's logo depicts the outline of Saint Anthony of Padua.
Passenger services are operated by Arriva Trains Wales as part of the Valley Lines network.
It is served by Class 377 "Electrostars" and Class 313 trains
The station and all trains that call are operated by Southeastern.
The station has four platforms, but only the outer ones are in everyday use, with Great Northern services stopping there.
Twelve departures on Line-F, and six departures in each direction for the other three lines.
Nagamachi Station is railway station on the Tohoku Main Line in Taihaku-ku, Sendai, Miyagi Prefecture, Japan, operated by East Japan Railway Company and the Sendai Subway.
Judiciary Square is located in Northwest, with entrances at 4th and D Street and 5th and F Street.
Before the underpass link to Northpoint was completed in 1993, there was a pedestrian crossing that linked the station and bus interchange.
It is classed as a Premium Station, upgraded from Host Station status in 2008.
The construction of the station began in November 1990 and was completed in January 1992 for the M1 section and March 2000 for the M4 section.
There is an on-demand service announcement facility.
It opened as the temporary terminus of the Geelong - Melbourne line in 1856.
Designed by British architect Claude Batley, it serves as a major stop for both local and inter-city/express trains with separate platforms for them .
The station is owned by the university, but an adjacent parking area is managed by the town of Durham.
This was converted to an office building in 1990 but still retains a pub style sign at the front overhanging the footpath.
Buenos Aires is a passenger railway station in the city of Buenos Aires, Argentina.
The Western standard gauge line, which runs between Melbourne and Adelaide, passes to the north of Platform 1.
The former "A" siding was abolished in 1988, along with alterations to points, signals and levers.
It is located 36.7 rail kilometers from the northern terminus of the Keikyū Main Line at Shinagawa Station, in Tokyo.
The overnight trains to Italy travelled to Rome, Florence, or Bologna via Parma, as well as to Venice and Milan.
It serves the eastern Melbourne suburb of Malvern, and opened on 24 March 1890.
The station is operated by Northern with services from Manchester Piccadilly to Manchester Airport and Crewe via Wilmslow stopping here.
The name of this station refers to the nearby potreros that existed in the zone in early 20th century.
The station is currently managed by TfL Rail.
Passengers using Oyster cards are required to tap on interchange Oyster card readers when changing between the two lines.
In 2013 the station was rebuilt 200 metres further west to accommodate two lines to the south as part of the Regional Rail Link.
It opened on 1 September 1884 as McKinnon Road, and was renamed McKinnon on 14 December 1885.
The railway junction is one of the 21 stations listed as a railway Category 1 station by DB Station&Service.
Ōfunato Station was a JR East railway station located in Ōfunato, Iwate Prefecture, Japan.
It is served solely by Metra's Union Pacific/North trains, which go south to Ogilvie Transportation Center in Chicago and as far north as Kenosha, Wisconsin.
Chamblee is a train station in Chamblee, Georgia, serving the Gold Line of the Metropolitan Atlanta Rapid Transit Authority rail system.
The older section received a full renovation in 2008.
These original stations were opened with the rest of the Central Corridor in 1994.
Glendalough railway station is a railway station on the Transperth network.
The future of the services has yet to be determined.
The distance between transfer station in Line 8 and Line 12 measures about 800 m because Metro Axomulco station was cancelled.
Echuca railway station is the terminal station of the Deniliquin line in Victoria, Australia.
A goods shed is located across from the main platform, but has no siding, with the goods shed office itself demolished in 1978.
It is about 110 yards north of Brixton tube station, high above ground level on a railway bridge that can be seen from the tube station.
Daitabashi Station is a railway station on the Keiō Line in Setagaya, Tokyo, operated by the private railway operator Keio Corporation.
Swanbourne railway station is a railway station on the Transperth network.
This station is served by Coaster Connection shuttles to the businesses to the east of the station, the Southern area of Torrey Pines, and UTC mall.
It serves the eastern Melbourne suburb of Ringwood East opening on 18 May 1925.
After the station closed, the lines through it were still used for goods trains until 1968.
Additional work to the freight section was completed in 2003.
It is located on the Tyne Valley Line which runs from Newcastle upon Tyne to Carlisle.
It is 50 miles 35 chains down-line from London Charing Cross and is situated between Headcorn and Ashford International.
The station is now owned by Network Rail and managed by East Midlands Trains train operating company who provide all rail services.
These were closed and lifted in the late 1960s.
The station was on Mildmay Park between Newington Green and Balls Pond Road.
It features the longest escalator in western Europe, 66 meters and with a vertical rise of 33 meters.
The station is named after José María Pino Suárez, Vice President of Mexico during the term of Francisco I. Madero.
The route was electrified by the Southern Railway on 1 January 1939.
Karikawa Station is a railway station on the Rikuu West Line in Shōnai, Yamagata, Japan, operated by East Japan Railway Company.
It is the first platform-to-platform interchange on the Shanghai Metro network.
The station was named after the village of Low Dinsdale, commonly called Dinsdale.
It should not be confused with the nearby Matunga railway station, which is on the Central Line just to the east.
The station closed with the line on 1 July 1864, but was reopened on 9 October 1871, under government ownership.
In April 2014, the Helsinki City Board decided to rename the station after the University of Helsinki.
The station has two platforms linked by a footbridge.
The western exit is on the same block as Procter & Gamble Mexico's Talismán Plant, where soap products including Camay and Safeguard are produced.
The Longridge line's goods service was finally withdrawn in 1967.
It is served by Transdev Brisbane Ferries' CityCat services.
It is a short walk from both Tower Hill tube station and Fenchurch Street.
It is on the South Western Main Line operated by South West Trains, 19 miles from London Waterloo.
Eltingville Transit Center is a park and ride transit center that is located in Eltingville, Staten Island.
The new apartments are called The Milton Residences & will be a part of Queensland's first transit oriented development.
8 Street Southwest station is a CTrain light rail station in Downtown Calgary, Alberta, Canada.
It is near several private landed properties and condominiums.
The station is managed by Abellio Greater Anglia, which also operates most of the services calling at the station.
Settle railway station is a Grade II listed station which serves the town of Settle in North Yorkshire, England.
Trains calling at Haywards Heath are operated by Southern and Thameslink.
It is on the Edgware branch of the Northern line between Camden Town to the south and Belsize Park to the north.
Greensborough railway station is located on the Hurstbridge line, in Victoria, Australia.
It is also the busiest station on the Hainault loop of the Central line.
Boom barriers replaced hand gates at the Victoria Road level crossing, located at the Down end of the station, in 1964.
The Ulster Railway station opened on 12 August 1839.
Colbert Station serves the city of Limerick in County Limerick.
Del Amo is an elevated light rail station on the Los Angeles County Metro Blue Line.
Maida Vale is a London Underground station in Maida Vale in inner north-west London.
Willison railway station is located on the Alamein line in Victoria, Australia.
It is on the East Coastway Line, and train services are provided by Southern.
During January 2007, the line was closed between Box Hill and Blackburn, to facilitate grade separation works at the Middleborough Road level crossing, near Laburnum.
It is planned to be served by Crossrail from 2018.
Six tram lines converge on Europaplatz in front of the station, although none go into the city centre.
Biggleswade Railway Station serves the town of Biggleswade in Bedfordshire, England.
Access to the station is from the east side of the 82nd Avenue overpass.
Built in 1898, the station was destroyed by a tsunami in March 2011, and has been temporarily closed ever since.
Polegate railway station serves Polegate in East Sussex, England.
Welsh's Crossing Halt was a railway station located south of Thrumster, Highland between Wick and Lybster.
Though very little remains of the old station, the façade remains as it was when first built.
It is on the Zamoskvoretskaya Line, between Orekhovo and Krasnogvardeyskaya stations.
Barlaston is mentioned in the ghost or parliamentary train list maintained by Ghost Train Hunters enthusiasts group.
The station also has a car park and bicycle racks.
The station is shared between East Japan Railway Company and the private railway operator Keisei Electric Railway.
These improved the parking and stairs and provided wheelchair access, weather protection, and a lengthened platform capable of accommodating eight carriage trains.
Wattleglen railway station is located on the Hurstbridge line in Victoria, Australia.
The station, located between the Health Sciences/Jubilee station and the South Campus/Fort Edmonton Park station, provides service to the neighborhoods of Belgravia and McKernan.
Macclesfield railway station is a main line station serving the Cheshire town of Macclesfield.
It was renamed Pevensey Bay on 5 May 1969.
The station opened on 5 October 1863 and is on the Limerick-Ballybrophy railway line between Castleconnell railway station and Cloughjordan railway station.
It serves both the Capital Line and the Metro Line.
The station was upgraded during the early 1990s.
It serves residential areas around Toa Payoh Central, along with shopping malls, community amenities and schools in the vicinity.
An adjacent bus station serves as terminal for some urban and suburban lines in the northeast of Prague.
Situated in Pantelimon neighbourhood, adjacent to the town of Pantelimon, it is the terminus of Line M1 and was opened in 1990.
The station's origins lie in a joint station of the Köln-Mindener Eisenbahn and Bergisch-Märkische Eisenbahn which was built north of the city centre in 1847.
Carson's chocolate factory occupied the centre of the triangle and had its own siding which saw chocolate trains until the early 1960s.
Glenmont is the only station on the Red Line to feature the six-coffer arch design.
It was on the Hull to Scarborough Line and was opened on 6 October 1846 by the York and North Midland Railway.
Some early morning services on the Thameslink route are provided by Southern.
It serves the new town of Adamstown and South Western Commuter services call to the station.
It serves the south-eastern Melbourne suburb of Moorabbin.
Joondalup railway station is a railway station on the Transperth network.
Salwick railway station is situated on the Preston-to-Blackpool railway line in England, 5 1⁄4 miles west of Preston, and is managed by Northern.
It has won Transport for London awards for best customer service in 2009 and 2010.
Service at this station began on November 5, 1973.
As of 2009, the old concrete shelters have been replaced with reinforced plastic shelters which are now the only features on the platforms.
Ardeer Platform railway station was a railway station serving the Nobel Industries division of Imperial Chemical Industries near the town of Stevenston, North Ayrshire, Scotland.
The station opened in 1890 and the current station building was built in 1919.
Metro Tasqueña also serves Mexico City's southern bus depot, which serves important cities like Cuernavaca, Acapulco, Taxco, and the rest of southern Mexico.
West Street subway station serves the Tradeston area of Glasgow, Scotland.
Taxis can be arranged to pick up and drop off at this station, but there will be no taxis waiting.
Buchanan Street subway station is a station on the Glasgow Subway in Scotland.
It currently has 4 platforms, two of which are of twelve carriage length, one of eight carriage length and one of seven carriage length.
All services are provided by Northern who operate the station.
Ourimbah railway station is located on the Main Northern line in New South Wales, Australia.
It is 158 miles north of London Euston and 243 miles south of Glasgow Central.
Approximately  3⁄4 of a mile north of Brill, the station was opened in March 1872 as the result of lobbying from local residents and businesses.
Woolloongabba busway station is located in Brisbane, Australia serving the suburb of Woolloongabba.
The station was located between Oughtibridge and Wortley and was intended to serve the village of Deepcar, near Sheffield, South Yorkshire.
High Street railway station is located on the Main Northern line in New South Wales, Australia.
The station is served by a single island platform, connected to the street by a footbridge.
The station was built for the Dublin and Antrim Junction Railway and opened on 13 November 1871.
Fudai Station is a railway station on the Sanriku Railway Company’s Kita-Rias Line located in the village of Fudai, Iwate Prefecture, Japan.
The station is located on Winnetka's southern border, at Green Bay Road and Winnetka Avenue, less than a mile west of Lake Michigan.
It is one of two remaining Midland and Great Northern Joint Railway stations still in use, Cromer being the other.
The station is located in an open cut with tunnels at both ends of the station.
Megabus started providing long distance motorcoach service from the station on August 15, 2013.
Between 1999 and 2003, the station was renovated and partially redesigned.
Although technically situated in Amagasaki, Hyōgo Prefecture, it is a five-minute walk to the neighboring Osaka Prefecture.
Roose railway station is a railway station that serves the suburb of Roose, which is in the town of Barrow-in-Furness in Cumbria, England.
Jimba Station is a JR East railway station located in Ōdate, Akita Prefecture, Japan.
Bandar Tun Razak LRT station is a Malaysian low-rise rapid transit station situated near and named after the Kuala Lumpur township of Bandar Tun Razak.
It is located in the Benito Juárez borough of Mexico City, directly south of the city centre on Calzada de Tlalpan.
Yishan Road Station is the name of an interchange station between Lines 3, 4 and 9 on the Shanghai Metro.
The station is near the southern border of Compton, California near the unincorporated community of Rancho Dominguez.
The station uses LED-based live departure boards and audio announcements for reporting arrivals and delays to commuters.
Shippea Hill railway station is on the Breckland Line in the east of England, serving the Burnt Fen area of Cambridgeshire and Suffolk.
It is located in the Miguel Hidalgo borough of Mexico City, west of the city centre.
The station also uses the moniker "Entrance to the Akiu Hot Springs".
Long distance cross-country services operated by CrossCountry to Bournemouth from Birmingham, Manchester and further north, join the main line from the branch there.
The station serves as a connection point between the main line and the Sanyō Shinkansen, the Kishin Line and the Bantan Line.
The stop is overshadowed by the giant gasometer of Croydon Gas Works.
A PERTIS permit-to-travel ticket machine used to be located by the ticket office/platform entrance, but as of late 2015 there is a customer self-service ticket machine.
Nordenham is a railway station located in Nordenham, Germany.
The station is managed by Chiltern Railways, who provide services along with Great Western Railway.
In October 2013, three new small shelters were built at the ends of both platforms.
The garage was subsequently removed and replaced with much-needed additional parking spaces in November 2011.
Reopening the South Gippsland railway line as far as Leongatha is continuing to feature as a prominent issue for the region.
The original intention had been to call it "Harlington for Toddington".
Nearby are Morden Hall Park, the Baitul Futuh Mosque and Morden Park.
Currently, Abellio ScotRail provides Golf Street with only one train a day in each direction, Mondays to Saturdays.
The other station serving Stourbridge is Stourbridge Town at the end of the branch line.
The lower interchange level allows transfers between trains heading to Bang Wa and Samrong.
It is one of the larger enclosed malls in Minnesota with over 153 stores on 3 floors and approximately 1,100,000 square feet.
This is still a longer period of staffing than many other stations in the United Kingdom.
It has since been relocated to the bus interchange.
The station represents an intact example of a station building design stemming from the Victorian Government Railway Construction Act 1884.
It is 8½ miles east of Glasgow Queen Street railway station.
The station is managed by Abellio ScotRail and is on the Fife Circle Line, 13 1⁄4 miles north west of Edinburgh Waverley.
The south building was converted to a waiting room after the new station building opened for service on June 6, 2005.
It is served by Sydney Trains T1 North Shore line services.
The terminal is named after the famous shopping district of the same name, which is located on the borders of the cites of Pasay and Parañaque.
The station is now part of the South Gippsland Tourist railway, after passenger operations on the line ceased beyond Cranbourne station in 1993.
Haggerston is a station on the East London Line and connecting South London Line in Haggerston within the London Borough of Hackney, Greater London.
It is unstaffed and passengers must buy their ticket on the train or at an automatic ticket machine outside the platform.
The Cape Liberty Cruise Port is one of three trans-Atlantic passenger terminals in Port of New York and New Jersey.
The station master's house was sold in 1994 to a private company and is now a warehouse shop.
The current station was opened by British Rail in 1983.
Staunton is an Amtrak train station located at 1 Middlebrook Avenue in Staunton, Virginia.
It is in Zone E according to Metra fee schedules based on distance from downtown Chicago.
Trains that terminate in Goleta are stored on a storage track adjacent to the Goleta station.
The Sandoval Easy Express shuttle service serves the station, as well as a shuttle to the nearby Santa Ana Star Casino.
Through rail tickets for travel via Pier Head station are available to and from other stations on the Isle of Wight.
It is on the North Warwickshire Line between Birmingham and Stratford-upon-Avon.
It is the main railway station in the city.
Parbold railway station, on the Manchester to Southport Line, serves the village of Parbold and the nearby village of Newburgh in West Lancashire, England.
It was originally to be called "Blackwell Mill" but, in the end, was named "Millers Dale for Tideswell".
It is currently the only railway station in Scotland that is directly connected to an airport.
Birmingham Moor Street is one of three main railway stations in the city centre of Birmingham, England, along with Birmingham New Street and Birmingham Snow Hill.
Connection to ACE's Pleasanton station is available through WHEELS route 54.
On the same date a much improved train service started with most passenger trains on the line booked to call there.
It is located on the Esk Valley Line and is operated by Northern who provide all of the station's passenger services.
It is the oldest railway station in Scotland which is still in operation.
The station is served by the District line and is between Hammersmith and Stamford Brook stations.
During the First World War, an air raid on the station in 1917 led to 162 deaths.
In 1884, after the closure of nearby Hamburger Bahnhof, Lehrter Bahnhof became the terminus for trains to and from Hamburg.
Maninagar said to be a cosmopolitan suburb, is often referred to as the cultural capital of Ahmedabad.
It was upgraded to a premium station on 2 July 1996.
Its site is now occupied by Hounslow bus garage.
Pomona railway station is located on the North Coast line in Queensland, Australia.
Looe railway station serves the twin towns of East and West Looe, in Cornwall, England.
The local Enshū Railway Line terminus of Shin-Hamamatsu Station is 3 minutes' walking distance away.
It was upgraded to a Premium station on 4 April 1996.
Toowong railway station is located on the Main line in Queensland, Australia.
Staincross and Mapplewell railway station was one of three stations built on the Barnsley Coal Railway and opened when that line was completed in 1882.
The station serves NSW TrainLink trains travelling south to Port Kembla Station and north to Wollongong and Sydney.
Glenmont is also unique in that it is the only underground terminus station on the system.
The temporary northern vestibule, which served Biblioteka Imeni Lenina and Aleksandrovsky Sad, was removed in the 1940s.
It is on the Argyle Line, 9¼ miles east of Glasgow Central railway station.
The station is located on the Grauer Lands on eastern Sea Island, along the airport branch of the Canada Line.
The LSWR then extended the line east to Fareham in 1889.
It is unstaffed and is operated by London Midland.
The station was one of 35 closed to passenger traffic on 4 October 1981 as part of the New Deal timetable for country passengers.
In 2009, Victoria was voted the worst category B interchange station in the United Kingdom.
Commuters had to take a tram to continue the journey to Bombay.
On Metra, the station is located on the Milwaukee District North Line that runs between Chicago Union Station and Fox Lake, Illinois.
It is a short walk from the SSE Arena and Titanic Quarter.
The station is on the Nottingham to Grantham line 15 miles east of Nottingham railway station.
Downham Market railway station serves the town of Downham Market in the English county of Norfolk.
The station opened along Line 3 on 7 June 1980 when Centro Médico served briefly as the southern terminus of that line.
Down Street, also known as Down Street, is a disused station on the London Underground, located in Mayfair, west London.
Holman Street ferry wharf is located on the southern side of the Brisbane River in Kangaroo Point, City of Brisbane, Queensland, Australia.
The original station buildings have since been demolished and recovered parts used for the Birkhill railway station building on the Bo'ness and Kinneil Railway.
Tom Brake has been its MP since 1997.
The station is an unstaffed halt on the Cambrian Coast Railway with passenger services to Harlech, Porthmadog, Pwllheli, Barmouth, Machynlleth and Shrewsbury.
All sidings at the station, with the exception of the siding serving SPC Ardmona, were abolished in 1991.
It is the least used station on the Northern line with 1.29 million passengers in 2014.
It is situated on the Borderlands Line.
Named after a former station on the Oregon Electric Railway, it is the eleventh stop westbound on the Westside MAX.
The Chermside bus station, at Chermside, Queensland, is serviced by TransLink bus routes.
This station is on the North Clyde Line, 12¼ miles west of Glasgow Queen Street.
The station was opened as part of the original route of the Charing Cross, Euston & Hampstead Railway on 22 June 1907.
The station is illuminated by concealed lamps set into the tops of the columns.
Combined with the Underground Station and interchanges in the national rail station, London Victoria handled about 170 million passengers in the 2015/2016 period.
Protect Guard Services operates as the station's main security.
Waverton railway station is located on the North Shore line, serving the Sydney suburb of Waverton.
It is also the nearest railway station to the town of Brackley.
It originally had a substantial weatherboard building on Platform 2.
Also branching off at Lilydale was the Warburton line.
The station is served by Southern and Thameslink trains on the Sutton Loop Line.
It was located immediately north of the Kororoit Creek Road level crossing in the suburb of Altona North.
Access to the platform is provided by one pair of escalators and one elevator.
Jinshajiang Road Station is the name of an interchange station on Lines 3 and 4 of the Shanghai Metro.
Furze Platt railway station is a railway station in the town of Maidenhead, Berkshire, England.
Mildenhall railway station is a disused railway station that was the terminus of the closed Cambridge to Mildenhall railway.
Wombwell railway station lies in Wombwell, a town south of Barnsley in South Yorkshire, England.
The unmanned station and all trains serving it are operated by South West Trains.
It was located on the south side of Station Road.
The station is included in the Swiss Inventory of Cultural Property of National Significance.
The Regional Rail Link lines run to the south of the station.
It is one of two stations in Leixlip, the other being Leixlip Confey.
Hinckley railway station serves the towns of Hinckley and Burbage in Leicestershire, England.
All other routes will be re-routed onto the Nicholas Street expressway and the Queensway, thus bypassing both Lees and Campus Station.
The station is on several levels, with platforms both at ground and below ground level, and tied together by underground passages and the ShopVille shopping mall.
The railway station is a stop on the scenic Cumbrian Coast Line, 11 1⁄2 miles south of Whitehaven.
It is served by the District and Circle lines, between South Kensington and Victoria stations and is in Travelcard Zone 1.
Yugo-Zapadnaya has four entrances, all grouped around the intersection of Vernadskogo Avenue and Pokryshkina Street.
It is served by local services operated by Northern from Lancaster to Barrow-in-Furness and by semi-fast services from Preston and Manchester Airport.
It is also a transit center, served by three TriMet bus routes.
Canons Park is a London Underground station at Canons Park of the London Borough of Harrow, north London.
The station is elevated from ground level.
It lies on the Wakefield Line 14.25 miles north of Sheffield railway station.
Opened in 1855 by the Inverness and Nairn Railway, it was initially named Fort George after the military base nearby.
It serves the eastern Melbourne suburb of Glen Waverley, opening on 5 May 1930.
The station is approximately 20 miles north of London Kings Cross on the East Coast Main Line.
Madderty railway station served the locality of Madderty in Perthshire, Scotland.
Originally opened as part of the Metropolitan Railway on 13 June 1864, the station was originally named Notting Hill.
It is the largest and busiest station in Croydon.
Shangda Road Station is a metro station in Baoshan District, Shanghai.
The station is 1 mile west of Salford Central, 1.75 miles west of Manchester Victoria and 2.25 miles west of Manchester Piccadilly.
The BB&CI line from Back Bay to Virar opened in 1867.
This runs hourly during the week, with a two-hourly service on Sundays, and uses 2-car Class 158 units.
Basin Bridge Junction is the confluence on the Otteri Nullah and Buckingham Canal in Chennai, India.
Passengers transferring between any of the terminals at Heathrow may use the trains free of charge.
Goods services at Montpelier ended in 1965, and all staff were withdrawn in 1967.
The railway station is a stop on the Cumbrian Coast Line 27 miles south-west of Carlisle.
10 Street Southwest station was a CTrain light rail station in Calgary, Alberta, Canada.
It is served by the Capital Line and the Metro Line during peak hours.
It was named for and served the adjacent State Coal Mine which provided black coal for the steam locomotives of the Victorian Railways.
The Royal Free Hospital is located a short distance to the north of the station.
This service ended on 4 May 1926 and the station was closed.
Flemington railway station is located on the Main Suburban line, serving the Sydney suburb of Homebush West.
Goleta is a passenger rail station in the city of Goleta, Santa Barbara County, California.
I-25 & Broadway station is a three-platform RTD light rail station in Denver, Colorado, United States.
Carbis Viaduct is situated on the St Ives side of the station.
Newhall was built as an infill station on the busy Antelope Valley Line and opened on March 18, 2000.
East of the station, towards Lilydale and Belgrave, the three tracks merge into two.
Deportivo Oceanía has facilities for the handicapped, and it is located near Avenida 608 avenue.
It is located off Waterloo Road and is less than two minutes' walk from the High Street.
On 26 August 1988, the electric staff system between Bunyip and Longwarry was abolished, and was replaced with automatic three position signalling.
It is located on John Counter Boulevard, northeast of Princess Street and north-west of downtown Kingston.
Northbound services towards Manchester Piccadilly generally call at Heaton Chapel and Levenshulme whereas most southbound services do not.
Today the station and all trains serving it are operated by the Southern train operating company.
This was Line 11's former southeastern terminus until August 31, 2013, when the extension to Luoshan Road opened.
East Farleigh railway station is located to the south-west of Maidstone, Kent, England, on the Medway Valley Line.
It was formerly the junction of the cross country branch line to Maffra and Stratford and has historically been the Gippsland region's principal operational location.
It served Vicarage Road stadium, home of Watford F.C., and was open only on match days.
Stepps railway station serves the village of Stepps, North Lanarkshire, Scotland.
The station is the main railway interchange in Aquitaine and links Bordeaux to Paris, Sète, Toulouse Matabiau and Spain.
It is located in south east London and is in Travelcard Zone 5.
Telford Central railway station serves the new town of Telford, England.
The station shut to passengers in 1940 after bombing in the Blitz cut it off from the rest of the network.
The design is similar to Amtrak stations in Okeechobee, Fla., Connellsville, Pa., and Winnemucca, Nev.
Ludgate Hill became little used because of its proximity to the Holborn Viaduct and St. Paul's stations, and on 3 March 1929 Ludgate Hill was closed.
Mukilteo station opened in 2008 with a single side platform, later supplemented with a second platform and pedestrian overpass in 2016.
The station is served by local services operated by Great Western Railway from Paddington to Reading stations.
Goods services closed on 12 May 1958.
Willington railway station serves the village of Willington in Derbyshire, England.
Later the shoreline was filled and now lies nearly a mile west.
Officer railway station is located on the Pakenham line, in Victoria, Australia.
Lakenheath railway station is on the Breckland Line in the east of England, serving the village of Lakenheath, Suffolk.
The station is on the Northern line, between Balham and Tooting Broadway stations.
This railway station is in a developed suburb of Ahmedabad, Maninagar.
The original Panmure Station opened on 16 November 1930, on a site to the south of the current station.
It is operated by Northern who provide all passenger train services.
It is located at the intersection of East Burnside Street and NE/SE 148th Avenue.
The station stands split across Hoscar moss road.
This station is on the West Highland Line, 105 miles north of Glasgow Queen Street.
Southern Pines is a train station located in Southern Pines, North Carolina, served by Amtrak's Silver Star train.
The line ran on to Kelvinside railway station.
Kings Sutton railway station serves the village of King's Sutton in Northamptonshire, England.
Copilco means "the place where there are lightbugs" in Nahuatl.
South West Trains manages the station and provides services along with Great Western Railway.
Total 644 Stations are directly connected to Chennai Central via these 269 passenger trains.
Greenbelt is a Washington Metro and MARC station in Prince George's County, Maryland on the Green Line.
It is not to be confused with the CTA Congress Branch station of the same name.
At that time it superseded Atocha station, located closer to the city centre.
It is the busiest railway station in the East of England, used by almost 11 million passengers in 2015/16.
The DLR station is physically separate and across the road from the HS1 station.
The station is served by the Gold Line.
Wadsley Bridge railway station was a station in Sheffield, South Yorkshire, England on the Great Central Railway's core route between Manchester and Sheffield.
It is the northern terminus of Line 8.
Manchester Piccadilly Gardens Bus Station, often abbreviated to Piccadilly Gardens is one of two main bus stations in Manchester's city centre.
Pantelimon is a metro station on Line M1 of the Bucharest Metro.
It is 70 miles 19 chains from London Liverpool Street and is situated between Harwich International to the west and Harwich Town to the east.
The station served the town of Keswick.
The ticket office and main entrance is on the London-bound side, accessed from Cheam Road.
It was staffed and had an island platform; it was not wheelchair-accessible.
Goldthorpe and Thurnscoe Halt was a small railway station on the Dearne Valley Railway situated between Harlington Halt and Great Houghton Halt.
Carlisle railway station is a railway station on the Transperth network.
The transit center is located at the intersection of NE Kelly Avenue and NE 8th Street in the central part of Gresham.
It serves the M1 and M2 lines and connects with bus services.
Although rail transport had ceased some time prior, the cokeworks remained open until mid-2013.
The station is located north of a viaduct over the Colne valley and immediately south of Watford Tunnel.
It is located on the Furness Line from Barrow-in-Furness to Lancaster.
The station has a single platform, serving trains in both directions.
The station is unstaffed with the former station building now used for a bar and nightclub.
CamTran, the local public transit provider in the greater Johnstown/Cambria County area, has two routes that stop at the train station:
The station provided bus transfers between inter-city and suburban routes.
The station's lower level was opened on 17 December 1969, although at that time the station served tram rather than railway lines.
The station is named in honor of Eduardo Molina, an important engineer, who solved the problem of water scarcity in the 1960s in Mexico.
It serves the north-eastern Melbourne suburb of Hurstbridge, and opened on 25 June 1912 as Hurst's Bridge.
The only remnant of the station is the crumbling retaining wall of the platform.
It is served by London Overground and London Underground services, which use the same platforms.
There are two railway stations named Nakamozu in Nakamozuchō Nichō, Kita-ku, Sakai, Osaka Prefecture, Japan.
It is at the junction of the Waterloo to Reading line with the North Downs Line.
It is served by Sydney Trains T2 Inner West & South line services.
The yard tracks have since been lifted.
Stowmarket railway station is on the Great Eastern Main Line in the East of England, serving the town of Stowmarket, Suffolk.
Along with the rest of the line it closed in 1966.
The station is served by local bus routes 53, 96, 99, 122, 177, 180, 244, 380, 422, 469, 472, 672 & N1.
The station is served by the Wilmington/Newark Line.
The station is staffed during the daytime but not late in the evenings.
The station was opened by the Caledonian Railway on 1 August 1879 and is one of nineteen managed by Network Rail.
Jackfield Sidings were situated ½ mile closer to Ironbridge.
The station is only served by Cross City Line trains, which are currently Class 323 electrical multiple units.
Cambridge railway station is the principal station serving the city of Cambridge in eastern England.
It is a gateway station to the Hakone area.
It is currently managed by TfL Rail.
The first stood a short distance south-west of the present station and its remains are still visible, although the site is not open to the public.
Station Casablanca Voyageurs offers connections to Tanger or Oujda.
Vancouver City Centre is a SkyTrain station on the Canada Line in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada.
A number of services operate through to/from Deansgate.
Eastbound it is the 4th station in Pudong, after Lujiazui and Dongchang Rd, and Century Avenue.
It has been proposed several times that the GO station should be moved to allow for a direct connection with the subway.
The island platform opened on 19 December 1982, as part of the duplication of the line between Bayswater and Ringwood stations.
A yard formerly existed south of the station for the South Clifton Colliery.
Train services are provided by Abellio ScotRail.
Artwork at the stop represents a reading motif, as a library was planned for the station, but never built.
The station has two distinct elevated rail platforms – one for Caltrain, the other for light rail.
It is used by Amtrak's Pacific Surfliner and Metrolink's Orange County Line and Inland Empire-Orange County Line trains.
Hollywood/Vine is a subway station on the Red Line of the Los Angeles County Metro Rail system in Hollywood, Los Angeles.
It is located in Moss Side, a hamlet where the B5259 road crosses the railway at a level crossing.
The station is located on Kingsley Road about 400m north of Hounslow High Street.
Uchigō Station is a railway station on the Joban Line in Iwaki, Fukushima Prefecture, Japan, operated by East Japan Railway Company.
Heathmont railway station is located on the Belgrave line in Victoria, Australia.
Cwm railway station served the village of Cwm in Monmouthshire, Wales.
There are two full barrier level crossings at Farncombe, one at each end of the station.
London Assembly member Murad Qureshi has called for Piccadilly line trains to stop at Ravenscourt Park on a regular basis.
Hinton Admiral railway station is a station serving the villages of Bransgore and Hinton and the town of Highcliffe on the Hampshire/Dorset border in southern England.
There are three railway stations in the village, the others being Whyteleafe, and Upper Warlingham on the Oxted Line.
Capitol South is an island platformed Washington Metro station in the Capitol Hill neighborhood of Washington, D.C., United States.
Yaotome Station is an underground metro station on the Sendai Subway Nanboku Line in Izumi-ku, Sendai, Miyagi Prefecture, Japan.
Falmouth Docks railway station is situated in Falmouth, Cornwall, England.
It is one of the four stations located in the city centre, the others being City Hospital, Great Victoria Street, and Central.
It is a stop on the Rhymney Line of the Valley Lines network.
Ruislip is a London Underground station in Ruislip in west London.
Peckham Rye railway station is a station on Rye Lane in the centre of the shopping district of Peckham in South London.
The name was taken from the nearby mechanical factory.
It was where the Callander and Oban Railway was joined by the Comrie, St Fillans & Lochearnhead Railway from Crieff.
Mount Joy GO Station is a railway station and bus station in the GO Transit network located in the City of Markham, Ontario, Canada.
This was done partly to remove the steep gradient from Auburn, to the west.
The station is named in honor of Mark O. Hatfield, a former United States Senator from Oregon and light rail proponent.
It is located in fare zone 2.
Marlborough Road itself was renamed Marlborough Place in the 1950s.
The annual number of passengers varies from 360,000 to 400,000.
The Anhalter Bahnhof is a former railway terminus in Berlin, Germany, approximately 600 metres southeast of Potsdamer Platz.
Sterling Bank is by the eastbound platform on Burnside and 181st.
Plans for grade separation have dated as far back as the mid 1970s.
There is no ticket office; a passenger-operated Permit to Travel machine is installed, and there has been a ticket machine since 2015.
Some peak TransPennine Express services to and from Manchester Airport also stop at Gatley.
Maryhill Central was a railway station to the north west of Glasgow.
In 1974, passenger service ended on the "Bachgaubahn" railway line between Aschaffenburg and Höchst, including service to nearby Großostheim.
Both logos were stylised reproductions of peso coins from the 1980s.
Passengers change at Limerick Junction for connections to Limerick, Cork, Tralee, Galway & Dublin Heuston.
The new station was made necessary due to the cramped conditions at Barnsley Exchange station.
Tokiniwa Station is a railway station in Nagai, Yamagata, Japan, operated by the Yamagata Railway.
It ceased handling goods traffic in 1965.
The tracks in the direction of The Hague are on Leiden ground.
It is 69 miles 73 chains down-line from London Charing Cross and is situated between Folkestone West and Dover Priory.
The station is a Turmbahnhof with the Berlin–Frankfurt railway and the Prussian Eastern Railway on the lower level and the Berlin Ringbahn on the upper level.
These trains operate once per day in each direction.
Llandudno Junction railway station is on the Crewe to Holyhead North Wales Coast Line.
It is located 48.1 rail kilometers from the northern terminus of the Keikyū Main Line at Shinagawa Station, in Tokyo.
In July 2008 the loop siding was removed, leaving the station straight-railed.
The station was opened as part of a westward extension of Line 2 on 22 August 1984.
The airport's Abingdon Plantation historical site is near the station.
Hampton railway station is located on the Sandringham line in Victoria, Australia.
It is situated at a junction of the Felixstowe Branch Line to Felixstowe and the East Suffolk Line to Lowestoft.
The RATB connections are 1, 5 and 46.
Lower Sydenham railway station is located on the boundary of London Borough of Bromley and the London Borough of Lewisham in south east London.
It serves the Blue Mountains suburb of Warrimoo opening on 9 March 1918.
Bordeaux-Saint-Jean or Bordeaux-Midi is the main railway station in the French city of Bordeaux.
The station opened on 19 December 1981.
This station is part of the southern end of that line and is located near the crossing of two major elevated highways.
The station is located at Gulfstream Way, just west of the confluence of I-95 and Griffin Road.
New station buildings were provided in 1976.
The station also connects with trolleybus Line "I", which runs between Metro El Rosario and Metro Chapultepec.
Glasgow Queen Street is a city centre railway terminal in Glasgow, Scotland.
It is 108 km from Southern Cross station.
In 2009 the station won a National Railway Heritage Award, in the London Regional category, for the successful modernisation of a historic station.
Athy railway station serves the town of Athy in County Kildare.
The station operated until the line closure in 1965.
On the London Overground network the station is between London Fields and either Clapton or Rectory Road.
Most buses that call here also provide links to Manchester Airport.
The building is notable for its halls that are roofed with Teflon-coated glass fibre membranes.
Bronte Station Master Plan was completed in 2013, with key recommendations to be coordinated with ongoing improvements.
Pakenham was the scene of a collision between Hitachi carriage 353D and guards van 286ZL on 16 April 1980.
Amtrak's Texas Eagle and Heartland Flyer serve the station.
The former goods yard is a small industrial estate, while the station hotel was renamed again as The Natterjack in the 1970s.
It is located on the crest of a hill, providing all riders a wonderful view of Downtown and the west side of Vancouver.
In the 1970s, this area of the town has been redeveloped with tower block accommodation as well as new housing.
It is served by Transdev Brisbane Ferries' CityCat and CityFerry services.
Aigburth railway station serves the Aigburth district of Liverpool, England.
The station is elevated and contained within one of the complex's office towers.
Cyprus is a station on the Docklands Light Railway located in Cyprus, to the south of Beckton, in the Docklands area of Newham, east London.
The station primarily serves Neighbourhoods 5 to 7 of Choa Chu Kang New Town as well as the Sungei Kadut Industrial Estate.
An old railroad station building exists at the stop, but is not currently used.
The opening day was a gala occasion, shops were closed and the town was full of visitors.
None of these stations exist now, and since 1979 the area has been served by one Partick station which combines rail, underground and bus services.
By this time, the goods sidings to the east of the station had been expanded.
It serves the south-eastern Melbourne suburb of Aspendale, opening in April 1891 as Aspendale Park Racecourse, and was renamed Aspendale on 1 August 1905.
There was an amusement park called "Rakurakuen-yuenchi" operated by Hiroden.
In summer 2013, the Chester County Economic Development Council announced the selection of a developer for a project to revitalize the Coatesville station area.
Bordesley railway station is a small railway station serving the area of Bordesley in Birmingham, England located between Birmingham Moor Street and Small Heath stations.
Balliol Road railway station was a station located on the Alexandra Dock Branch, Bootle, Merseyside, England, it opened on 5 September 1881.
There are improvements in the access to the station as part of the Petts Hill road improvement scheme.
Cergy Le Haut is a railway station in Paris suburbs.
Prior to 1998, the station was the western terminus of line 1A.
It opened in 1882 as part of the Great Northern and Great Eastern Joint Railway between Sleaford and Lincoln.
It is a busy commuter station with services to several London termini and destinations to other parts of south-east London and the south-east of England.
The station, and all trains serving it, are operated by Abellio Greater Anglia.
Chicago's first Wal-Mart, at 4650 West North Avenue, opened just south of this station in September 2006.
The station inn was renamed as The Silent Whistle on the closure of the line.
Farncombe station is staffed most of the time, and has a café on platform 1.
But for an unknown reason the station wasn't built and the line 9 finished at Tacubaya.
Danforth GO Station is a railway station on GO Transit's Lakeshore East line in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.
Candelaria is a transfer station, with Line 1 running underground and Line 4 on an elevated surface viaduct.
It is the northern limit of the Suburban network, although the track continues north to Gholvad and beyond.
In the Nahuatl language mixiuhca means "place of births".
The transfer between Line 1 and lines 3 and 4 is actually quite long.
Its three-letter station code is GMY and it is in Travelcard Zone 4.
Lambertseter stadion is a multi-purpose stadium in the Oslo borough of Nordstrand.
The station is located along Jalan 32,Kepong Garden(Taman Kepong)
It was opened to traffic on 7 July 1845 along with all the other stations on the line.
It is the last station where lines M1 and M3 run together, each diverging towards different directions.
East Midlands Trains also operates a service to Liverpool Lime Street.
When it opened with the line in 1910 it was called "Hunter", but a few months later it was renamed Woodleigh.
It is in Zone 2 of the TransLink integrated public transport system.
The station was opened on November 22, 1980, and is operated by the Washington Metropolitan Area Transit Authority.
It also has two kinds of architecture, one from Line 1 of the Metro, and the other, more modern style, of Line 8.
It is also known as Bulimba ferry house and Bulimba waiting shed & landing.
Poplar is a station on the Docklands Light Railway in Poplar in London Docklands, England.
Providing service for only the Green Line, the station is located at Alabama Avenue and 13th Street, lying under St. Elizabeths Hospital.
It operated from the opening of the Wonthaggi line in 1910, until the line closed in 1978.
With the completion of the project's major works at the end of January 2007, the bus interchange was removed.
1400 meters from the railway station is the metro station with the same name, located on the Oslo Metro.
The Surfers Paradise Transit Centre is the main coach station on the Gold Coast.
The station is adjacent to the High Court and Broadway.
The station was renamed IKEA Ampere Way under a sponsorship deal on 18 October 2006, in order to promote the stop's location near IKEA's Croydon store.
Middle Footscray railway station is located on the Sunbury line in Victoria, Australia.
Coniston is an intercity train station located in Coniston, New South Wales, Australia, on the South Coast railway line.
Balham is an interchange station consisting of adjacent London Underground and National Rail stations in Balham in the London Borough of Wandsworth, south London, England.
All ERL trains stop at this station and klia2 ERL station.
Llangybi was a railway station located some distance from Llangybi, Gwynedd, Wales.
Farningham Road railway station is on the Chatham Main Line in England, serving the villages of Farningham, Sutton-at-Hone, Horton Kirby and South Darenth, Kent.
The line and the station was built by the Midland Railway.
This route was single line throughout and left the present route just south of the station.
Harringay railway station is a railway station located off Wightman Road in Harringay, north London.
The platform surfaces were gravel and stone edged.
Aldgate East is a London Underground station in the Spitalfields district of the London Borough of Tower Hamlets, in Central London.
1 Street Southwest station and Centre Street station are stops in downtown Calgary on the city's CTrain light rail system.
It had two platforms, a bay siding and a goods shed that opened into a second bay platform.
Harlem, also known as Harlem/Higgins, is a station on the Chicago Transit Authority's 'L' system, serving the Blue Line.
The station is managed by Abellio ScotRail and is on the Ayrshire Coast Line.
Tennyson has a short platform and could only accommodate three cars at a time.
The station is staffed from 06:30-14:30 Monday to Saturday and offers limited facilities other than two shelters, bicycle storage, timetables, platform departure screens and Help Points.
A single-track line to Lytham branched off the Kirkham-to-Poulton line at right angles, heading south-south-west to Wrea Green.
It formerly had wooden buildings and canopies on each side, but these have been demolished and replaced by basic shelters.
The station is served by Class 377s and Class 455s.
The station is in Travelcard Zone 5 and the next station south-east is Oakwood.
Suzumenomiya Station is a railway station on the Utsunomiya Line in Utsunomiya, Tochigi, Japan, operated by East Japan Railway Company.
Virgin Trains do not currently call at Oakengates station.
East Point is a train station in East Point, Georgia, serving the Red and Gold lines of the Metropolitan Atlanta Rapid Transit Authority rail system.
The station was completed in 1837 and is one of the most historic railway stations in the world.
Nicolae Grigorescu is a metro station in Bucharest.
The station building is situated on the Edinburgh platform.
It is a local station on the West Coast Main Line on the stretch between Wigan and Preston.
Service to Williams and Ash Fork Station on the Southern Transcon main line lasted until 1960, when the Santa Fe completed a bypass around Ash Fork.
Shimofukawa Station is a JR West Geibi Line station located in 5-chōme, Fukawa, Asakita-ku, Hiroshima, Hiroshima Prefecture, Japan.
This is a new rail link to provide a direct service to the airport from Reading and Slough.
The station was built to serve the mining village of Wombwell, near Barnsley, South Yorkshire, England and is situated on its northern edge.
The station serves the Montclaire neighborhood and connects to nearby Archdale Park.
It is a busy station considering the size of the village it serves.
Platforms are adjoined by a connecting subway and a flight of stairs.
It is a bus rapid transit station for the Metro Orange Line.
Kardella was a railway station on the South Gippsland line in South Gippsland, Victoria.
Commonwealth station is a transport node for residents in the vicinity of Commonwealth Avenue, serving adjacent schools, places of worship, housing developments and businesses.
The station was opened in 1932 by the London, Midland and Scottish Railway on the local electrified tracks that were extended to Upminster from Barking.
TGV trains to Paris take approximately four and a half hours to reach the capital.
The station is further served by regional, InterCity and even international trains.
Chesterfield Market Place railway station was a former railway station in the centre of the town of Chesterfield, Derbyshire, England.
The station is located at Argentia Road and Tenth Line, near the interchange of Highway 401, and Highway 407.
The rural Entwistle railway station is served by Northern services on the Manchester Victoria/Bolton 'Ribble Valley' Line towards Blackburn and Clitheroe in England.
It is served by 23 routes operated by Brisbane Transport as part of the TransLink network.
Annbank railway station was a railway station serving the villages of Annbank and Mossblown, South Ayrshire, Scotland.
Ampere Way is a tram stop in the London Borough of Croydon, serving the Purley Way commercial area.
It is the terminus of the short Bromley North Branch Line from Grove Park.
Travel to Glounthaune station to transfer to Cobh.
Also, as part of this project, the double line between Kyneton and Bendigo was singled.
Burgess Hill railway station serves Burgess Hill in West Sussex, England.
Land east of the station was once occupied by a strip of historic commercial premises, but is now used as car parking.
Blackpool Pleasure Beach railway station serves Blackpool Pleasure Beach theme park.
A former Railmotor Stopping Place platform is situated across the road from Tanti Park.
Metro San Pedro de los Pinos is a station on Line 7 of the Mexico City Metro system.
The line runs between Cambridge in the west and Norwich in the east.
A new station building and platform were also provided, on a site closer to Melbourne.
It is part of the Cannon Hill K-Mart Shopping Centre and is close to Cannon Hill and Murrarie Railway Stations.
Ringō Station is a railway station in Nan'yō, Yamagata, Japan, operated by the Yamagata Railway.
Jichi Medical University Station is a railway station on the Utsunomiya Line in Shimotsuke, Tochigi, Japan, operated by East Japan Railway Company.
It briefly served as the terminus of the Great Northern Railway when it was extended from Maitland.
When the Metro first opened, the station was the terminal station for both the new lines.
The station was designed with relatively little traffic in mind - it has a central-track design with two narrow platforms on each side of the tracks.
There is an hourly service each way between Chester and Manchester in each direction.
It is the southwestern terminal station of Line B.
The station, which was opened by the Eastern Counties Railway in 1845, was originally known simply as Stansted.
It is on the East Coastway Line, and train services are provided by Southern.
Van Nuys is an Amtrak and Metrolink train station in the community of Van Nuys in Los Angeles, California.
Cheddington railway station serves the village of Cheddington, in Buckinghamshire, England, and the surrounding villages, including Ivinghoe and Mentmore.
Inala bus station is part of the Inala Plaza Shopping Centre.
Castro station is a Muni Metro station at the intersection of Market Street, Castro Street, and 17th Street in The Castro district of San Francisco, California.
Today, the station is served by Amtrak's Pennsylvanian, which operates once daily in each direction.
Takanini Railway Station is on the Southern Line of the Auckland railway network in New Zealand.
Its principal purpose today is as a commuter station for people working in Glasgow city centre.
For the purposes of fare charging it is in Zone 6.
It has an island platform accessible by pedestrian subways.
It closed during the 1950s with the other stations on the Woodside line, except Yarram.
Station House, the ex station manager's house still stands on the south west side of the overbridge at the junction of Highthorn Road/Wentworth Road.
Phase 1 will replace the station name signs on the benches to the new station name.
Previously, it was known as Dongfang Road station.
Today it is managed by Abellio Greater Anglia, which also operates all trains that call.
Plaza Aragón is a surface station on Line B of the Mexico City Metro system.
Cherkizovskaya is a Moscow Metro station in the Preobrazhenskoye District, Eastern Administrative Okrug, Moscow.
The station is one of the busiest on the system with 1.86 million boardings per year.
Like most other LRT stations operating in Klang Valley, this station is elevated.
The 69th Street Transportation Center also includes SEPTA sales offices, stores, and eateries.
Central railway station metro station is a station on the Helsinki Metro in Finland.
QUT Gardens Point ferry wharf is located on the northern side of the Brisbane River serving the Brisbane central business district.
The 142-year-old building of the railway station, one of the most prominent landmarks of Chennai, was designed by architect George Harding.
The station is managed by Arriva Trains Wales, although Virgin Trains also serves it.
One is on the Nankai Koya Line and the Semboku Rapid Railway, and the other is on the Osaka Municipal Subway Midosuji Line.
The station and all trains calling there are operated by Southeastern.
It is a penalty fare station however, so a permit to travel must be bought from the machine installed on the platform before joining the train.
The station was opened by the North Staffordshire Railway in 1849 as part of the Churnet Valley line.
In order to increase capacity, GO plans to extend the platforms to accommodate trains with twelve carriages rather than the current ten.
The station is a major interchange point on the Brighton Main Line 21 miles south of London Victoria.
The original station was the usual Francis Thompson Italianate design.
It is represented by a half cogwheel, the stylised form of a building and the acronym IPN.
Its three-letter station code is LOF and it is in Travelcard zone 2.
In recent times this has meant that the station is now advertised as "Step Free" on line maps without rebuilding work taking place.
Disused station Rupertswood is located between Clarkefield and Sunbury.
Cosham railway station serves the former village of Cosham, today a northern suburb of the city of Portsmouth in southern England.
Services are typically formed of Southend-based Class 321 rolling stock, built by BREL York and first introduced in 1988.
Castle Howard railway station was a minor railway station serving the village of Welburn and the stately home at Castle Howard in North Yorkshire, England.
Buses travel on Richmond Road, Woodroffe Avenue and Carling Avenue instead.
The station was built only to serve the Pantelimon Subway Depot, which is located in the close vicinity.
Trains serving the station are operated by Great Northern.
The original escalators entered service when the station opened in 1981.
The Midland became part of the LMS in 1923, and British Railways in 1948.
This station is served by the Metro Red Line and the Metro Purple Line and various local bus services.
Lidlington railway station serves the village of Lidlington in Bedfordshire, England.
Potters Bar station is the highest on the East Coast Main Line between London King's Cross and York.
Llandaf railway station is in Llandaff North, Cardiff, Wales.
The town's main railway station is Grimsby Town, located in the town centre.
It serves the Brisbane suburb of Ascot adjacent to Doomben Racecourse.
It is located on the Armadale line, 15.8 kilometres from Perth station serving the suburb of Kenwick.
The platform will be rebuilt along with the stairways.
Close by are the Cromwell Hospital and Baden-Powell House.
It is served by Sydney Trains T2 Airport, T4 Illawarra line services and NSW TrainLink South Coast line services.
A separate station of the same name but served by the Bakerloo line is located about 150 metres away on the opposite side of Marylebone Road.
Nearby is DCAE Cosford which is also home of a branch of the Royal Air Force Museum.
Ishikawachō Station is a railway station on the Negishi Line in Naka-ku, Yokohama, Japan, operated by East Japan Railway Company.
A footbridge spans the tracks and is accessed from the northbound platform.
In 1885, a signal cabin was provided, as well as platform extensions, and construction of a siding to a nearby flour mill.
When inaugurated, the arched train shed by William Henry Barlow was the largest single-span roof in the world.
Old Ford station was closed in 1944 after damage during the Blitz cut off the railway east of Dalston Junction.
Train services are operated by Nederlandse Spoorwegen.
It is situated on the Marseille–Ventimiglia railway.
Loyola is a station on the Chicago Transit Authority's 'L' system, served by the Red Line.
It is served by Sydney Trains T1 North Shore Line and some early morning and late night NSW TrainLink Central Coast & Newcastle Line services.
Ishikawadai Station is a railway station on the Tokyu Ikegami Line in Ota, Tokyo, Japan, operated by Tokyu Corporation.
To reduce traffic, the Central Railway Station has 18 railway tracks.
The station is in Travelcard Zone 5.
The station and all trains that call are operated by Southeastern.
North Station is a major transportation hub located at Causeway and Nashua Streets in Boston, Massachusetts, United States.
It is 82 miles 64 chains down-line from London Liverpool Street and is situated between Derby Road and Felixstowe stations.
It was named for the English town of Chatham, in Kent.
Lille Europe is a railway station in Lille, France, on the LGV Nord High Speed railway.
Mannheim Hauptbahnhof is a railway station in Mannheim in the German state of Baden-Württemberg.
The Art in Transit artwork is Water, Nature and the Contemporary by Vincent Leow.
The levels are separated by fare gates.
It is also the southern terminus of the Nærumbanen local railway.
The station was first announced in June 1977, by then Transport Minister, Joe Rafferty, and was originally scheduled for completion by late 1978.
Backworth railway station served part of Newcastle in the English county of Northumberland, later part of Tyne and Wear.
The station is staffed for part of the day.
A goods shed was provided on opening, until moved in 1885 to the down side of the line.
All services are now provided by a Class 153 single unit railcar.
This station is now leased by the Settle and Carlisle Railway Trust, who have completely restored and refurbished it.
Although Metro Zaragoza is no longer the terminal station for Line 1 its role as an important station still remains.
Santa Ana Regional Transportation Center is a passenger rail station and transportation center in Santa Ana, California.
Suburban Station is an art deco office building and underground commuter rail station in Penn Center, Philadelphia.
The current station building on Platform 1 was damaged by fire in 1979.
Chigasaki Station is a station in Chigasaki, Kanagawa Prefecture, Japan.
The station currently provides service for the Blue, Orange, and Silver Lines.
The line through Redland was opened in 1874 by the Great Western and Midland Railways as part of the Clifton Extension Railway.
A set of covered stairs on the south side of the station also connects to Finch.
It serves the north-eastern Melbourne suburb of Eltham, and opened on 5 June 1902.
It opened in 1882 and closed in 1993.
The remains of a flight of steps to the former platform can still be made out.
The station was opened during the 1890s operated until 1991 when the line to Barry Beach servicing the oil fields in Bass Strait was closed.
Tufnell Park is a London Underground station in Islington close to its boundary with Camden.
Bailey Gate railway station was on the Somerset & Dorset Joint Railway in the English county of Dorset.
Located in Mexico City's Iztacalco borough, the station is the current terminal of Line 4.
Maentwrog Road railway station was on the Great Western Railway's Bala Ffestiniog Line in Gwynedd, Wales.
The station closed along with the Healesville line in 1980.
Designed by the architect William Tress, the station was opened in 1851 by the South Eastern Railway.
Eccles Road railway station is on the Breckland Line in the east of England, serving the villages of Eccles, Quidenham and Wilby in Norfolk.
Eumundi railway station is located on the North Coast line in Queensland, Australia.
The station which was also known as Chapeltown and Thorncliffe was intended to serve Chapeltown, South Yorkshire, England, although about 1 mile from its centre.
Otomo Station was a JR East railway station located in Rikuzentakata, Iwate Prefecture, Japan.
Beckenham Junction is a railway and tram station in Beckenham in the London Borough of Bromley, south London.
Regular service with fare collection commenced on Monday, November 26, 2007.
The Bluebell Railway owns the trackbed from just east of the station to Horsted Keynes and has long term plans to rebuild the line.
Lodge Road, West Bromwich Town Hall tram stop is a tram stop at the western edge of West Bromwich town centre in the West Midlands, England.
It is the eastern terminus for passenger services on the line.
Digby and Sowton railway station is on the Avocet Line in Devon, England.
The station was opened at the same time as the main line from Chesterfield with just 2 flanking platforms.
It is in Travelcard Zone 5 and is a short walk from Kingston Hospital.
Tøyen is a rapid transit station located in the Common Tunnel of Oslo Metro in Norway.
The station had miles of sidings for the storage of fish vans to its rear and was double track.
From 1876, when Absolute Block Working was introduced on the line, a second signal box was built to control the entry to Newbegin Colliery.
Stopping services from Barton-on-Humber to Cleethorpes call at the station.
It is operated by Transperth serving the suburb of Bayswater.
A large two-storey station building is situated on the Reading-bound platform.
Nanaehama Station is a railway station on the South Hokkaido Railway Line in Hokuto, Hokkaido, Japan, operated by South Hokkaido Railway Company.
However, funding was secured from Transport for Greater Manchester in 2011, for the installation of CCTV, Customer Information Screens, a Public Announcement System and Help Points.
New Cooch Behar is a station on the Barauni-Guwahati Line of Northeast Frontier Railway.
The station officially opened for service on Saturday, November 24, 2007, and as part of its opening celebration fares were not collected.
Trains on the North Clyde Line pass through without stopping at the station.
Located in this complex is the CCP Main Building, the Philippine International Convention Center, Folk Arts Theater, Manila Film Center and the Harbour Square.
The planned closure of the northern end of the Severn Valley Line including Jackfield Halt pre-dated the Beeching report.
The "East Lancashire" platforms were demolished in the 1970s as connecting lines closed.
Amagerbro Station is a rapid transit station on the Copenhagen Metro, located in the Sundbyøster district of Copenhagen.
Although Shieldmuir can be used to reach Wishaw General Hospital by train, it and Wishaw station are both a considerable distance away for any visitors there.
The station was called Monbulk when it opened on 18 December 1900, but was renamed Belgrave on 21 November 1904.
Yan Yean was a Steam-era railway station on the Whittlesea line in Yan Yean, Victoria, Australia.
Although Tooting is in the London Borough of Wandsworth, the station is located just across the borough boundary in the neighbouring London Borough of Merton.
Ten Pacific Surfliner trains serve the station daily and 16 Metrolink trains serve the station each weekday.
Platform 1 opened on 30 June 1984 as part of the line duplication between Croydon and Ringwood.
It is located in the residential area of Stoneleigh, Surrey at grid reference TQ221642.
It is now closer to the town centre and its historic buildings.
The station is visible from the road near the line.
The station is owned by Network Rail and managed by South West Trains, who provide the train services.
Around 1880, the line was quadrupled, with the new goods tracks taken through 1,800 yd long Sharnbrook Tunnel.
The line was closed in 1969, and the station has since been demolished and the track lifted.
Aviatorilor is a metro station in Bucharest.
The station is relatively large, with 13 platforms, numbered from 3 to 15.
This was the first station in the system to open without any pylons along the platform.
It currently serves as the northern terminus of the Northern Explorer long-distance service between Auckland and Wellington, operated by The Great Journeys of New Zealand.
There is a carpark located by the exit of platform 1, this is pay and display and is open all day, 7 days a week.
The tram stop consists of two platforms on either side of double track, linked by pedestrian level crossings.
Metro Autobuses del Norte is also served by trolleybus Line "A", which runs between Metro Instituto del Petróleo and Metro Tasqueña, along Eje Central Lázaro Cárdenas.
Redondo Beach is an elevated light rail station on the Los Angeles County Metro Rail.
The station is managed by c2c, which operates the LTSR main line services.
Lostock railway station serves the suburb of Lostock in Bolton, Greater Manchester, England.
At times in its history the station has been named Worthing Central.
It is the only London station to span the Thames, with entrances on both banks.
The ticket agent's office is on the east platform.
Itayanagi Station is a railway station on the JR East Gonō Line located in the town of Itayanagi, Aomori Prefecture Japan.
Hiroo Station is a subway station on the Tokyo Metro Hibiya Line in Minato, Tokyo operated by the Tokyo subway operator Tokyo Metro.
Passengers access the platforms via a footbridge, stairs and lifts.
Various proposals have been made by railway land manager VicTrack to subdivide this land for a high-density residential development.
A signal cabin was provided in 1887, but was moved into the station in 1899, along with the platform being extended to 110 metres.
Starting on October 7, 2013, 3 northbound and 3 southbound Pacific Surfliner trains also serve this station.
A completely redeveloped Thomastown station was opened in late 2011.
The subway station was built in 1974 by R. G. Rümmler.
Train services from the station are provided by Southern, and the station is on the Oxted Line.
The station still sees occasional CrossCountry trains on empty stock movements, especially on Sundays and bank holidays, using the terminus as a turning point.
This station arrangement was demolished in 1987 to make way for a station designed by Arne Henriksen.
Through the advent of wooden villas in the late 19th century, the B.C.D.R.
It is a ground-level station located near 42 Street and 139 Avenue, and is named for the northeast Edmonton district of Clareview.
Wangaratta was once the junction for the Whitfield 2 ft 6 in narrow gauge railway.
A passing loop had been present at the station for many years.
Brentford is a railway station in the London Borough of Hounslow, west London.
The $1,250,000 transportation center, upon which construction began in October 2004, was opened in December 2005.
Cradley Heath is the nearest station to the Merry Hill Shopping Centre in Brierley Hill, and connecting bus services are provided.
Autobuses del Norte is a station on Line 5 of the Mexico City Metro.
Only the northern access point to and from Jalan Maharajalela includes both an upward-moving escalator and stairway; the remaining two access points provide only stairways.
Ruislip Gardens is a London Underground station.
The original station building, designed by Georg Andreas Bull, burned down in 1914 and was replaced by a new station Adalbert Kielland.
Metro Garibaldi, also known as Garibaldi/Lagunilla, is a station on the Mexico City Metro.
The station is located in San Miguel in Manila and is named after Legarda Street, where the station sits above it.
It was opened in 1896 and comprehensively modernised in 1977-1980.
At its peak, in 1902, over 140,000 passengers used the station.
Some trains also terminate at Riversdale after morning and evening peaks and return to Camberwell for stabling.
It is managed by Northern, who also provide all the passenger services calling there.
Thus the station is today usually held to be named after the municipality of Kraainem, even though it is not actually located on its territory.
Gare Montparnasse is one of the six large Paris railway termini, in the 14th and 15th arrondissements of Paris.
Ashfield railway station is located on the Main Suburban line, serving the Sydney, Australia, suburb of Ashfield.
When originally opened in 1983, the transitway in the area consisted of a through station in a below-grade 'trench' parallel to Scott Street.
The station is one of four on the line which is on a curve.
It was first opened on 8 May 1848 and closed in November 1854.
Redditch station sits at the end of a single track branch line from Barnt Green which forms part of the Cross-City Line.
It is a U.S. National Historic Landmark.
Newbury Racecourse railway station is a railway station serving the East Fields area of the town of Newbury, Berkshire, England.
It serves the suburb of Petrie in the Moreton Bay Region.
Teneriffe ferry wharf is located on the northern side of the Brisbane River serving the Brisbane suburb of Teneriffe.
It has an island platform between two tracks.
At one time the Saint Paul Union Depot Company controlled 9.24 miles of St. Paul trackage and terminal facilities, including the depot building.
South of the station the line passes through five tunnels through the cliffs as it follows the coast.
The name of the area refers to the engineering overspill when Millwall Dock was being created in the 1840s.
Hastings railway station is located on the Stony Point line in Victoria, Australia.
Dovey Junction railway station is a railway station on the Cambrian Line in Wales.
It is served by Sydney Trains T3 Bankstown line services.
For a guide to the various Aintree stations that have existed and their relationship to each other see Aintree Stations.
It also served as the western terminus or the South Shields, Marsden, and Whitburn Colliery Railway from its opening to public passenger traffic in 1888.
Erlton/Stampede station is a CTrain light rail station in Calgary, Alberta.
Bow Road station was re-sited in 1892 to a site 3 miles 7 chains down-line from Fenchurch Street.
Pannal railway station serves the villages of Pannal and Spacey Houses in the southern suburbs of Harrogate, North Yorkshire, England, equidistant from both.
However, by that time, efforts were being made to extend the railway to the entire length of the original line from Lakeside through to Gembrook.
Constructed in 1835, the Stationmaster's House is a Grade II* Listed Building, whilst the footbridge and signalbox are both Grade II Listed.
Civic Center station is a station on the Metrorail rapid transit system in Miami, Florida's Health District, which is also known as Civic Center.
Furthermore, the Line 3 platform has no barrier-free ground access, preventing transfers by disabled people without assistance.
Yatton railway station, on the Bristol to Exeter Line, is in the village of Yatton in North Somerset, England.
The railway past the site of Glenroy station was opened in 1872, as part of the North East railway to Wodonga.
Passenger services are provided by Abellio ScotRail on behalf of Strathclyde Partnership for Transport.
There is no village as such that is called Hinton Admiral.
Sileby railway station is a railway station serving the village of Sileby in Leicestershire, England.
It is served by Sydney Trains T3 Bankstown line services.
It is a Grade II listed building.
It is also a junction with the former branch line to Wirksworth, which has now been reopened as the Ecclesbourne Valley heritage railway.
It also functions as a large shopping centre.
The station was originally opened on 16 June 1884 and was closed to passenger services on 6 January 1941.
It is the northern terminus of the West Coast Main Line north of London Euston), and for inter-city services between Glasgow and England.
It was added later to the system in the 1990s, and built in two stages.
Clubmoor railway station was located on the North Liverpool Extension Line at Broad Lane, Norris Green, Liverpool, England.
It opened in 1855 and closed in 1965.
Cooden Beach serves Cooden at the western end of Bexhill in East Sussex.
Harling Road is situated between Thetford and Eccles Road, 101 miles 35 chains down-line from London Liverpool Street via Ely.
Shepherd's Bush is a London Underground station in the district of Shepherd's Bush, which is located in west London, England, United Kingdom.
It is in a transition precinct between Zones 14 and 15 of the TransLink integrated public transport system.
Situated on the North Warwickshire Line, the station, and all trains serving it, are operated by London Midland.
Cookham railway station serves the village of Cookham, Berkshire, England.
It was first opened by the GNR in 1880, some nine years after the Loop Line itself was completed.
To the south of the station, the railway line is elevated on a viaduct.
It is about a mile south of Nutfield in South Nutfield, a settlement which did not exist before the coming of the railway.
The new station was initially named the Kwinana Bus Station.
The northern bus station serves cities including Guadalajara, Guanajuato, Monterrey and Chihuahua.
The framework of the platform canopies were originally installed at the never-opened station at Lullingstone.
The main commodities that went from Kazakhstan to China via Alashankou were iron ore, high-carbon ferrochrome, wheat and steel.
It serves the residential areas of Vitan, northern Tineretului and Bârzeşti.
The station was opened by the Central London Railway in 1900.
Tanimachi Kyūchōme Station is a railway station on the two lines of Osaka Municipal Subway in Ikutamamaemachi, Tennōji-ku, Osaka, Japan.
Burswood railway station is a railway station on the Transperth network.
It is served mainly by Thameslink trains between West Hampstead Thameslink, London Blackfriars and Sevenoaks.
It is 4.5 kilometres from Perth railway station on the Midland Line.
It opened in 1936 and closed in May 2014.
Chennai Metro Rail operates a coach depot behind CMBT since 2015.
Tadworth railway station is a passenger railway station serving the large suburban village of Tadworth in Surrey, on the North Downs.
It serves the eastern edge of the City of London financial district and development around St Katharine Docks.
In the future, it will be integrated with the MRT Sungai Buloh Serdang Putrajaya Line.
It is located in the Marymont neighbourhood of Warsaw.
The station is between Earl's Court and Barons Court and is in Travelcard Zone 2.
This station is one of the most widely used stations in eastern Singapore, being crowded at most times of the day.
Merlynston railway station is located on the Upfield line, in Victoria, Australia.
It is located 5 miles east of Liverpool Lime Street on the former Liverpool and Manchester Railway, and 1⁄2 mile west of Huyton.
Museums have varying aims, ranging from serving researchers and specialists to serving the general public.
The station was opened on 31 August 1998, making it one of the newest stations in the Helsinki Metro.
For a number of years it was named Amsterdam Zuid WTC, referring to the nearby World Trade Center Amsterdam.
Nafferton railway station serves the village of Nafferton in the East Riding of Yorkshire, England.
It is near to Victoria Street, which along with the area and station is named after Queen Victoria.
It is served by the Dublin-Belfast "Enterprise" express trains as well as local Commuter services to and from Dublin.
The station retains its original island platform layout and has no escalators.
The Bellgrove to Springburn line was electrified by British Rail in 1960 as part of the North Clyde line scheme.
Metropolitan line trains pass through the station without stopping here.
It is in Travelcard Zone 1, between Knightsbridge and Green Park on the Piccadilly line.
Track layout adjustments and refurbishment of the Matlock down platform followed and In July 2011 Peak Rail commencing running services into Matlock station.
The Ecclesbourne Valley Railway operates from platform 3 using trains of various vintage.
An office building now stands at the station site, above a new tunnel which connects the old Snow Hill tunnel and Blackfriars station for Thameslink services.
It came over the track by a wooden trestle bridge across the Humble Carr and backed into the station.
The battle happened around the small monastery of Churubusco, located not far away from the station.
The station is 21 3⁄4 miles south of Manchester Piccadilly on the Mid-Cheshire Line to Chester.
The station is operated by Southern, who also provide the majority of services.
Baseline Ottawa Transitway station is directly across from the main campus of Algonquin College in Ottawa's west end, off of Woodroffe Avenue and Baseline Road.
Knockmore railway station was a station on the Belfast–Newry railway line.
It is located 0.8 miles away from Fir Park stadium, home of Motherwell F.C.
After completion of the Ashokan Reservoir in 1912, the Cold Brook Station took over as the stop for the community of Boiceville.
They provide all train services at the station, mainly hourly services between Bristol Parkway and Weston-super-Mare, and between Cardiff Central and Taunton.
The station serves the localities of Lower Sydenham and Southend.
It is currently served by the South West Trains, Southern, and Great Western Railway train operating companies.
The station has a standard layout, with a concourse level and a platform level.
This stop also is within walking distance of Morden station on the Northern line of the London Underground.
The building is currently used as retail premises, while the platform serves as stop 132 on tram route 96.
I-485/South Boulevard is a light rail station for the LYNX Blue Line in Charlotte, North Carolina, United States.
It is located at 6845 Millcreek Drive near Derry Road West and Winston Churchill Blvd., in the City of Mississauga in the community of Meadowvale.
The National Location Code for this station is 7406.
The station is awkwardly located in a very deep chalk cutting, with a long staircase from the booking office leading to the up platform.
It is situated in fare zone 1.
For now Southeastern will serve the station until the given date.
The station is located on a viaduct/causeway high above the town itself.
Prestbury railway station is an unstaffed station which serves the village of Prestbury, Cheshire, England.
It is a station on the Cork to Midleton commuter service.
It appears in the timetable and online enquiry systems as "Shepherds Well" but the platform signs read "Shepherdswell".
Fukura Station is a railway station on the Uetsu Main Line in Yuza, Yamagata, Japan, operated by East Japan Railway Company.
The closest CTA Purple Line station is Linden, about a mile away.
The building is of timber construction with posted verandahs along the platform and roadside elevations, as well as a distinctive curved roof.
It is the nearest rail station to the adjoining neighbourhood Benhilton via the footbridge at Angel Hill.
The hostel has been closed since 2011 as a result of structural damage and it is unclear when or whether it will reopen.
To the east, District line trains stop at Stamford Brook and Piccadilly line trains stop at Hammersmith.
On 10 March 1862, the station building was inaugurated, featuring two flats for the stationmaster and signalmen as well as a freight shed and several outbuildings.
Its logo represents a hangar, several of which are inside the nearby Mexico City International Airport.
Yokosuka Station is a railway station on the Yokosuka Line in Yokosuka, Kanagawa, Japan, operated by East Japan Railway Company.
Shizuhama Station was a JR East railway station located in Minamisanriku, Miyagi Prefecture, Japan.
There is a bus link serving the bus station, Queen Street and Central stations.
Barbican is a London Underground station situated near the Barbican Estate, on the edge of the ward of Farringdon Within, in the City of London.
Scarborough GO Station is a train station in the GO Transit network located in Scarborough, a district of Toronto, Ontario, Canada.
It is the busiest station in western Japan, serving 2,343,727 passengers daily in 2005.
On the Ramsgate-bound platform, there is a PERTIS passenger-operated self-service ticket machine issuing Permits to Travel, but the staffed booking office here closed in the 1990s.
It is served by Metrolink's Antelope Valley Line from Los Angeles Union Station to Lancaster.
It is 26 miles 71 chains down the line from London Victoria and is situated between Meopham and Rochester.
It also has the tallest building in Hokkaido.
Dunston railway station serves Dunston, an area of Gateshead, in Tyne and Wear, northern England.
It serves the M1 and M2 lines and connects with bus services.
Brampton GO Station is a railway station served by GO Transit and Via Rail, located at 27 Church Street West in downtown Brampton, Ontario, Canada.
The station is now owned by Network Rail and managed by East Midlands Trains train operating company who provide all rail services.
Martins Heron railway station is a railway station in Martins Heron, a suburb on the eastern edge of Bracknell, Berkshire, England.
Newmarket railway station serves the town of Newmarket.
Victoria Park bus station, known officially as the Victoria Park Transfer Station, is a Transperth bus station in Victoria Park, Western Australia.
Shinainuma Station is a railway station on the Tōhoku Main Line in Matsushima, Miyagi, Japan, operated by East Japan Railway Company.
The station is located at the crossroads of Finchley Road and Golders Green Road/North End Road.
Insurgentes is a station on the Mexico City Metro.
The main theme of the MRT station is Dynamic Pulse of Colour.
Despite its small functional capacity, the station is a major stop on the main line and has frequent services.
Expanding its catchment, on the Northern line between Old Street and Angel is a disused station named City Road.
There is a shuttle from the station to the terminal of Mitchell Airport.
Notable places nearby the station include the Carolina Pavilion and Carolina Place Mall.
The line was largely reduced to single track in 1970, with the northern platform abandoned and all trains using the remaining platform.
A light repair facility was officially opened on 17 November 1993, as part of the closure of the Jolimont Workshops.
It is managed by Northern, who operate most of the passenger services that call there.
South Merton railway station is located in Morden in the London Borough of Merton in South London.
Trabboch railway station was a railway station serving the village of Trabboch, East Ayrshire, Scotland.
It takes its name from the former Woolwich Dockyard.
The Taipei Metro Beitou Station is a station on Red Line, located in Beitou District, Taipei, Taiwan.
Croston enjoys bus connections to nearby Leyland, Chorley, Southport, and Preston.
A new layover facility was built in 2006 and opened at the beginning of 2007 with capacity to store eight 12 car trains.
North/Clybourn station is located at the intersection of North Avenue, Halsted Street, and Clybourn Avenue.
The station reopened in 1994 to the east of the original station, which was in use from 1848 until 1965.
Moody Centre station serves as a replacement by continuing to offer West Coast Express commuter rail service from this location.
The station is managed by Abellio ScotRail and is served by trains on the Glasgow South Western Line.
It is the terminus of Drammen Line, Gardermoen Line, Gjøvik Line, Hoved Line and Østfold Line.
The Wilsontown Ironworks Branch ran from just to the north.
Passengers transferring between these stations must transfer at street level, as the latter station is located 600 meters to the east.
Acton Main Line is a National Rail station on the Great Western Main Line in Acton, west London.
The station is on the Robin Hood Line operated by East Midlands Trains between Nottingham and Worksop.
The station was distant from the village of Childwall.
It is about 200 m north of Chiswick High Road and as well as Central Chiswick, the station serves the Bedford Park area.
As a result, the LRTA has imposed a "speed limit" on trains entering stations to deter the number of successful suicides.
It served the market town of Higham Ferrers, Northamptonshire, England.
Goodna is served by City network services operating from Caboolture and Bowen Hills to Ipswich and Rosewood.
Each is a center platform with two trackways.
The station is situated on Cambridge Avenue approximately 100 m west of Kilburn High Road, shortly before it becomes Maida Vale,.
The line and station closed in December 1964.
Kamuning MRT station, also called as GMA-Kamuning MRT station, is a station on the Manila Metro Rail Transit System Line 3.
It is on the Northern line, between Clapham North and Clapham South stations, and is in Travelcard Zone 2.
Overpool railway station was opened on 17 August 1988 and serves the central area of Ellesmere Port, Cheshire, England.
Later three more stations were added to the south of this station: Lianhua Road, Waihuan Road and Xinzhuang.
Carrigtwohill railway station serves the town of Carrigtwohill in County Cork.
All signalling and safeworking equipment at the junction were abolished by September 1987.
There is a small car park at the entrance to the station.
It is in Travelcard Zone 3 and is the most lightly used station on the DLR.
Chudleigh Railway Station was a railway station in Chudleigh, a small town in Devon, England located between the towns of Newton Abbot and Exeter.
Chelford railway station serves the village of Chelford in Cheshire, England.
Thurgarton railway station is a Grade II listed station which serves the village of Thurgarton in Nottinghamshire, England.
Following the creation of the Irish Free State, the MGWR and the GS&WR became part of the Great Southern Railways in 1925.
It is located 1.6 kilometres from the Kontula metro station.
Ladywell railway station is in Ladywell, in the London Borough of Lewisham in south east London, in Travelcard Zone 3.
The station sits at the junction of Canadian National Railway's busy mainline interchange of the Flint and Holly Subdivisions.
Interchange with inter-city services can be made at Luton and St Pancras.
Bicester North is one of Bicester's two stations.
This transit center serves as a transfer point between VTA's Alum Rock-Santa Teresa line and bus lines operated by VTA and AC Transit.
Since the opening of Jem, JCube, Westgate and Big Box, the station has had the highest passenger traffic of the MRT stations in the west.
Built in 1890 by the Oriental Railway as the eastern terminus of the world-famous Orient Express, Sirkeci Terminal has become a symbol of the city.
It is 19 km west-southwest of London Waterloo.
The station is served by Great Northern as part of their service from London King's Cross to King's Lynn.
It is the main interchange between the Subway and buses travelling to and from the south side.
The station is some 140 m from the  KA03  Bank Negara station, a KTM Komuter station, to which it is linked by a footbridge.
Paddock Wood railway station is on the South Eastern Main Line in England, serving the town of Paddock Wood, Kent.
Originally opening with one platform, a second platform using the existing pathway was added 2008 in order to serve a route extension from West End.
It serves the southern end of Vallensbæk Municipality.
The station is named after Father John Culmer, a local civil rights leader who labored tirelessly to improve the living conditions of black Miamians.
Before the bus station was relocated and rebuilt in 2004, the railway and bus stations were sited very close to each other.
It serves the rural locality of the same name.
Kelvinhall is one of the stations mentioned in Cliff Hanley's song The Glasgow Underground.
Toora was a railway station on the South Gippsland line in South Gippsland, Victoria.
Volgogradsky Prospekt is a Moscow Metro station in the Nizhegorodsky District, South-Eastern Administrative Okrug, Moscow.
The station building is now a private residence.
This makes it the 322nd most-used Network Rail station.
It was opened by the Caledonian Railway as Parkhead on 1 February 1897.
Witham is situated between Hatfield Peverel to the west and Kelvedon and to the east.
The station was opened as a main line station in 1885 and was called Dagenham.
It opened on 26 June 1840, originally named Garstang Station.
KL Sentral is the largest railway station in Malaysia.
It was opened in 1847 with the opening of the Cologne-Minden trunk line.
Shepperton railway station is a passenger station serving Shepperton, a small town or large village, in Surrey, England.
The station is run by London Midland.
Piața Iancului is a metro station in Bucharest.
Workers restored the original 1914 paint colors, repointed brick, laid new plaster, overhauled mechanical systems and installed reproductions of original doors and light fixtures.
In 2006 the station had a major upgrade and is one of the most used non-terminus stations by the public.
The LRT-1 plan calls for an almost entirely elevated extension of approximately 11.7 km.
The station also hosts the Rautatientori metro station, which is the busiest station of the Helsinki Metro.
It opened to service May 20, 1984, next to the site of former FEC railway station.
Motspur Park railway station is a suburban station in the London Borough of Merton in South London.
Lathlain Park railway station was a railway station on the Transperth network.
It was formerly the junction station for the narrow gauge Walhalla line and the broad gauge Thorpdale and Yallourn lines.
There are also TGV from Le Havre to Marseille-Saint-Charles and to Strasbourg.
Hiroshima Station is the terminal station for several lines, and all Sanyō Shinkansen trains stop here.
Burdett Road is a disused railway station located in Bow Common, east London.
It is also known as Cultural Centre Station, Melbourne Street Station, and South Brisbane Station.
The station's parking lot has 300 spaces, although there is enough room to have a total of 1200.
Greenhithe railway station serves the village of Greenhithe in north Kent and Bluewater Shopping Centre.
When the line was extended under the River Thames to Lewisham the station was rebuilt in a shallow cutting close to the tunnel entrance.
East Ventura is a passenger rail station in the city of Ventura, California.
Ballerup station is a station on the Frederikssund radial of the S-train network in Copenhagen, Denmark.
It will serve the north-eastern Melbourne suburb of Mernda with a scheduled opening date of 2019.
It is on the Bletchley — Bedford Marston Vale Line.
Swale is a single platform station with one curving platform.
Hersham railway station is served by the Waterloo to Woking service and operated by South West Trains.
The station was opened on 1 July 1982.
The stations were later merged into one, which has since undergone many changes.
Currently there are no ATM's at this location.
It was built by the Great Grimsby and Sheffield Junction Railway in 1848.
Welwyn North railway station serves the villages of Digswell and Welwyn in Hertfordshire, England.
Eastland Shopping Centre is located opposite the station.
The station and the majority of trains serving it are operated by Southern.
One platform is sheltered while the other is open air.
The station is operated by Great Western Railway.
Yonezawa Station is a railway station in Yonezawa, Yamagata, Japan, operated by East Japan Railway Company.
Also just to the west of Annan is a disused junction and dismantled line heading south to the Cochran's Boiler plant at Newbie.
Located in Union Square is San Francisco's own TIX Bay Area, a Ticketmaster booth that also sells half-price tickets to several local theater companies.
Beckton is the eastern terminus of the Beckton branch of the Docklands Light Railway in the Docklands area of east London.
It is served by most Amtrak Keystone Service trains.
Sandgate railway station is located on the Main Northern line in New South Wales, Australia.
Victoria Park was a railway station near Victoria Park, east London, that was on the North London Railway between Homerton and Old Ford.
Reading West is a railway station in Reading, England.
and has a Permit to Travel and self-service ticket machine available for use when the ticket office is closed.
Wremen is a railway station on the Nordseebahn line from Cuxhaven to Bremerhaven in Northwestern Germany.
Chiba Station is a railway station in Chiba, Chiba, Japan, operated by East Japan Railway Company and Chiba Urban Monorail.
The station is located on the Derwent Valley Line from Derby to Matlock.
As of 2013, Vine City only had a weekday average of 821 entries, making it the least busy station.
The station is situated on the Chester and Ellesmere Port branches of the Wirral Line, part of the Merseyrail network.
The traffic circle was named to show Mexico's support for an independent Ethiopia after the Italian invasion of Ethiopia.
Chichester has services to London Victoria via Gatwick Airport, Brighton, Portsmouth, Southampton, Littlehampton and long-distance services to Wales and the West Country.
The station is in Travelcard Zone 2, and is managed by London Overground which runs all passenger trains at the station.
This station is on the Oban branch of the West Highland Line, originally part of the Callander and Oban Railway.
It also serves the surrounding Takadanobaba area, known as a popular student district, and is linked by bus to nearby Waseda University.
The actual tree survived until the 20th century, when it was destroyed by a fire.
It is 22 miles 72 chains down the line from Norwich and is situated between Gunton and Cromer stations.
Some peak services continue to or from Shenfield and/or London Liverpool Street via the Great Eastern Main Line.
Río de los Remedios is a station on Line B of the Mexico City Metro system.
Oatley railway station is located on the Illawarra line, serving the Sydney suburb of Oatley.
It is packed especially on weekends and school holidays.
It is the only intermediate station on the Lymington Branch Line from Brockenhurst to Lymington.
The Cavendish Pavilion nearby was a popular destination for outings in the first part of the twentieth century.
It is the closest station to Ise Grand Shrine and thus has an important role for tourists and pilgrims.
It is located on the Market Street Subway beneath Market Street, between Montgomery Street and Sansome Street.
The logo for the station shows the silhouette of a bicycle racer.
It is unstaffed, but the main station building still stands and is in private commercial use as a cafe & craft shop.
That branch eventually became the direct line to Melbourne, which was completed in 1889.
As well as Flitwick itself, the station also serves the adjoining town of Ampthill, which no longer has its own station.
The station was very basic, with a timber concourse and wooden shelter.
There is a park and ride lot located on the hill above the station, which is connected to the platform by a pedestrian bridge.
Kuzuoka Station is a railway station in Aoba-ku, Sendai in Miyagi Prefecture, Japan, operated by East Japan Railway Company.
It has five platform tracks and is classified by Deutsche Bahn as a category 5 station.
It remained nothing more than a Mallee shed with small office and a name board for the rest of its operating life.
It serves the eastern Melbourne suburb of Blackburn, and opened as Blackburn Creek on 25 December 1882.
The building is mostly a combination of concrete and steel.
Thornton Abbey railway station is close to the site of Thornton Abbey in North Lincolnshire, England.
The station was staffed during peak hours until approximately 1990, after which the hut which served as a ticket office was demolished.
In 1991 an all new station was built south of the bridge on the location of the original station.
The station adjoins a yard and a workshop of Hankyu Railway.
The station closed with the line in 1978.
Huntingdon is managed and served by Great Northern.
Georgemas Junction station, situated 2 km to the north-east, remains open.
Spooner Row railway station is on the Breckland Line in the east of England, serving the small village of Spooner Row, Norfolk.
It was followed in 1887 by Cromer Beach station, on the rural Midland and Great Northern Joint Railway.
There was also a short 'bay' platform at the Penistone end of the station.
The Charlottesville Union Station, located in Charlottesville, Virginia, United States, is served by Amtrak's Cardinal, Crescent, and daily Northeast Regional passenger trains.
Middleton bus station is a bus station located in the town of Middleton in Greater Manchester.
Boom barriers were provided at the Groves Street level crossing in 1977.
Works on the extension were postponed during World War II and, after the war, green belt legislation was introduced to limit the expansion of urban areas.
It is the easternmost station to be entirely below ground on the London Underground network.
Providing service for the Orange Line, the station is the first station going east in Maryland on the Orange Line.
New Barnet is in Travelcard Zone 5.
The station is between Princes Risborough and Little Kimble stations on the branch line between Princes Risborough and Aylesbury.
Currey Road Station was originally built to carry horses during the British Raj.
Each hour departures 6 regional trains in each direction.
The preceding station on the line is Frinton-on-Sea.
The artist responsible is Richard Wyatt, a Compton native.
Petrie railway station is located on the North Coast line in Queensland, Australia.
There is a station building, with waiting area, ticket office and self-service ticket machines, together with a 280 space car park.
The station and all trains serving it are operated by Southeastern.
It serves the north-eastern Melbourne suburb of Lalor, and opened in October 1949 as Rail Motor Stopping Place 77.
It is on the North Downs Line.
To the east of the station were a number of goods sidings, opened after 1919, which have since been removed.
Mr Jackson also reportedly travelled to Irlams o' th' Height on 3 March 1956 to purchase the last ever ticket issued there.
The station is located in the southern central part of the Tektronix Howard Vollum Campus.
Lakewood Boulevard is a Los Angeles County Metro Rail station on the Green Line.
Maryport railway station serves the town of Maryport in Cumbria, England.
The station and all trains that call are operated by Southeastern.
Big Timber Road is a commuter railroad station in the Kane County portion of Elgin, Illinois, a western suburb of Chicago.
The interior of the station is very similar to Belmont station, which is the next stop towards O'Hare station.
Spartanburg is a train station in Spartanburg, South Carolina, served by Amtrak's Crescent train.
It is located on the Armadale line, 22.6 kilometres from Perth station serving the suburb of Gosnells.
Lorong Chuan MRT Station is an underground Mass Rapid Transit station on the Circle Line in Serangoon, Singapore.
The station is located on Avenida San Antonio, close to the Periférico freeway, from which it takes its name.
It is served by Metrolink's Orange County Line running from Los Angeles Union Station to Oceanside.
A PERTIS passenger-operated ticket machine issues 'Permit to Travel' tickets which are exchanged on-train or at manned stations for travel tickets.
It is served by Sydney Trains T4 Illwarra line services and NSW TrainLink South Coast services.
The Massachusetts Department of Transportation must sign off on the deal and this is expected by late summer of 2017.
The station was designed using a wide and open floorplan, with a dominant color scheme of white and pale yellow.
Caoyang Road Station is an interchange station between lines 3, 4 and 11 of the Shanghai Metro.
It is served by the Central line, lying between Shepherd's Bush and Notting Hill Gate stations, in Travelcard Zone 2.
In order to increase capacity, GO has extended the platforms to accommodate trains with twelve carriages rather than the previous ten.
The station facilities are very basic, the original station buildings were demolished and replaced with simple 'bus shelter' type shelters on the platforms.
Neston railway station serves the town of Neston, Cheshire, England.
Beccles railway station is on the East Suffolk Line in the east of England, serving the town of Beccles, Suffolk.
Perranwell station is on the Maritime Line from Truro to Falmouth Docks in England.
The extension will have 8 passenger stations with an option for 2 future stations, all intended to be constructed above-ground.
Woodend railway station is located on the Bendigo line in Victoria, Australia.
It has 12 stands and is served by 20 Transperth routes operated by Path Transit, Swan Transit and Transdev WA.
It is currently served by four trains each day to Inverness and four trains in the opposite direction to Wick.
Branch trains to and from Burnham and Highbridge started and finished at Evercreech in latter years.
Also, there is a pub opening at the station main entrance.
The control of its signals passed to Newbegin signal box.
In 2013, Amtrak announced that it plans to move the station to a replica C&O station built by the Chesapeake and Ohio Historical Society.
Central Terminal station, sometimes called Central or Arroceros LRT station, is a Manila Light Rail Transit System in Manila, Philippines.
The station serves as both a stop and an interchange for KTM Komuter, LRT Sri Petaling Line, and the Express Rail Link's KLIA Transit trains.
Just to the east of the Davis CTA station is the 12-story Sherman Avenue Garage.
It is operated by Great Western Railway.
The station opened on December 16, 1971 as part of the first phase of the Namboku Line.
Most of the services on the line are now operated by bi-directional diesel multiple unit trains.
Näckrosen is a station on the Stockholm metro, blue line.
The station was opened by the Oxford, Worcester and Wolverhampton Railway on 4 June 1853.
The Duke of Sutherland had an engine shed for his engine 'Dunrobin'.
Mordialloc railway station is located on the Frankston line in Victoria, Australia.
The ticket barriers stop the station being used as a walk through route.
Mount Colah railway station is located on the Main Northern line, serving the Sydney suburb of Mount Colah.
It is 53 miles 45 chains down-line from London Liverpool Street and is situated between Sudbury and Chappel & Wakes Colne.
The APTIS-equipped ticket office closed in 1989; the building was then used for commercial purposes but has recently become disused.
The station is also near East China Normal University's Putuo campus.
It lies on the West Kirby branch of the Wirral Line, part of the Merseyrail network.
It opened on 8 October 1889 as Northcote, and was renamed Merri on 10 December 1906.
A statue of Greco sitting on a bench was added just outside.
No trace of Connaught Road station remains today; the current Prince Regent and Royal Albert DLR stations are both roughly equidistant from the site.
Buses serve the station from stops on the street due to space limitations.
When built, it was criticised by the press for being too far from any of the neighbouring towns to be useful.
From 1982–2004, the station was served by the International Limited, which was operated jointly by Via Rail and Amtrak and ran between Chicago and Toronto.
It also serves the adjacent village of Little Bookham.
For other Glasgow stations with similar names see Pollokshields and Pollokshields East.
Haydarpaşa, along with Sirkeci Terminal, are Istanbul's two intercity and commuter railway terminals.
Sleeps Hill was the location of a number of quarries which became the source of ballast stone for the South Australian Railways.
Later, a bogie change facility was opened.
Great Chesterford railway station serves the village of Great Chesterford in Essex, England.
It serves the south-eastern Melbourne suburb of Huntingdale opening on 25 June 1927 as East Oakleigh, being renamed Huntingdale on 1 October 1954.
The station is staffed from 6:30 - 9:30 in the morning.
The building and the lot is owned by Crerar Silverside Corporation.
The station building was occupied by an Indian food takeaway on the lower floor and a taxi company on the upper floor.
It is named for both the former Hudson's Bay Company store and Enterprise Square, the University of Alberta's downtown campus.
It serves the suburb of Narangba in the Moreton Bay Region.
It opened to service May 20, 1984.
Happy Creek is a railway station on the Walhalla narrow gauge line in Gippsland, Victoria, Australia.
The station was opened on January 13, 2001, and is operated by the Washington Metropolitan Area Transit Authority.
It is currently operated by East Midlands Trains.
It is served by the Virginia Railway Express Manassas Line, as well as one daily Amtrak Northeast Regional round trip.
The station also serves the nearby village of Shevington, indeed until 1973 was named Gathurst for Shevington.
The actual entrance to the station is inside the West One shopping arcade on the corner of Oxford Street and Davies Street.
It is the second busiest railway station in Finland, after Helsinki Central, and takes up a large part of the district of Pasila.
Grimethorpe Halt was a small railway station on the Dearne Valley Railway situated between Great Houghton Halt and Ryhill Halt.
Aslockton railway station serves the villages of Aslockton and Whatton in Nottinghamshire, England.
CR plans to construct a new Sandhurst Road station on P D'Mello Road.
Recto LRT station is the western terminus station of the Manila Light Rail Transit System Line 2, located in Recto Avenue, Santa Cruz, Manila.
Its represented by a koala clinging to a soccer ball.
Fairfield railway station is located on the Hurstbridge line in Victoria, Australia, and serves the north-eastern Melbourne suburb of Fairfield.
It is one of the most used stations, and hence regional trains also stop here.
It is a hub for bus service to Gresham, Tigard, Lents, Fairview, Vancouver, Wood Village and Clackamas.
Wilmcote railway station serves the village of Wilmcote, about 4 miles north of Stratford-upon-Avon in Warwickshire, England.
The station was located at the junction of Garford Street and West India Dock Road, west of the modern-day Aspen Way.
Belgrave Walk tram stop is a stop on the Tramlink service near Mitcham in the London Borough of Merton.
The station is 14¼ miles north of Crewe on the Manchester-Crewe Line.
The station is 21.25 miles south of Lincoln Central.
It serves the town of Morwell, and opened on 1 June 1877.
line as part of the closure programme proposed by the Beeching Report.
The next station towards London is Hillingdon.
It reopened after repairs on 14 February 2011.
Purley Oaks railway station is in the London Borough of Croydon in south London, on the Brighton Main Line between Croydon and Redhill.
Ardrossan Winton Pier railway station served the town of Ardrossan and its harbour, North Ayrshire, Scotland.
Prior to the creation of Amtrak on May 1, 1971, passenger service was provided by Southern Pacific Railroad.
Park Road railway station is the junction station for the Gold Coast and Cleveland lines in Queensland, Australia.
The railway at Seascale passes over three bridges and underneath one.
The station was at the end of a long and otherwise empty lane running alongside Otterspool Park.
After the pier was demolished people switched to buses at this station which took passengers across the Bay Bridge to the SP's Third and Townsend Depot.
Southwark is a London Underground station in the London Borough of Southwark at the corner of Blackfriars Road and The Cut.
The station logo depicts an ear of corn.
The station is owned by Network Rail and managed by East Midlands Trains, who do not operate services from this station.
In the late 1990s, an $18 million project loweredthe tracks and station platforms.
The 660-foot long Great Nave was restored, together with its height and materials.
When it was originally reopened in 1987 it had four, but one was later converted in 1999 for use as a terminus for Midland Metro trams.
The station is 44.9 mi north east of London Kings Cross and 13.03 mi south west of Cambridge on the Cambridge Line.
It was situated on the Yorkshire Coast Line from Scarborough to Hull and was opened on 20 October 1847 by the York and North Midland Railway.
The station is located within the James H. Floyd State Office Building in Downtown Atlanta and was constructed concurrently with the building in the late 1970s.
The station is fully staffed with ticketing and checked-baggage services.
This station is located at the intersection of Northwest 11th Street and Seventh Avenue, opening to service December 17, 1984.
Harringay Green Lanes railway station is a railway station in Harringay, north London.
The station was rebuilt from 2007 to 2009 and now has a new roof, displays and signs.
It is located on the Glasgow to Edinburgh via Falkirk Line and is also served by Abellio ScotRail services from Edinburgh to Stirling and Dunblane.
Plac Wilsona is a station on Line M1 of the Warsaw Metro and was opened in 2005.
It serves the town of Lara opening on 1 November 1856 as Duck Ponds, being renamed Lara in September 1872.
Catani was a railway station on the Strzelecki line in South Gippsland, Victoria, Australia.
Passengers wishing to go to Weaverthorpe would have been very disappointed as that village was located 5 miles distant, over the Wolds escarpment!
British Rail proposed the closure of the station as from 3 February 1969.
London Overground's Hampstead Heath station on the North London Line is a 10–15 minute walk east.
Six Metrolink trains serve the station each weekday.
In the mid 1980s, as part of works to add a third track on the Frankston line, the western platform was converted to an island platform.
It lies at the heart of the business district on Connecticut Avenue, with two entrances at L Street and one at K Street.
Griffith University operates a free Inter-campus bus service connecting the busway station with its nearby Mount Gravatt and Nathan campuses.
The subway station initially mainly served the Ericsson headquarters, Ericsson's main factory and the nearby situated service apartments of those working in the factory.
Beneath the Metro station platform, a waiting room serves Amtrak's Northeast Regional, Vermonter, and Palmetto trains, as well as MARC's Penn Line trains.
Mount Lilydale Mercy College currently leases this part of the line, which runs through its property.
The original station was opened on 1 October 1862, and was demolished in 1974 to make way for the current station.
Located east and south of the station are a number of sidings, that are used to stable trains at night.
Until recently the remains of an overhead cable railway, connecting the factory to the railway goods yard, were visible in an adjoining woods.
Mill Hill East is a London Underground station in Mill Hill in the London Borough of Barnet, north London.
It serves the western Newcastle suburb of Sandgate, opening in 1881 as Grant's Creek.
The station closed on 10 September 1951.
It has an island platform, and is located in the median of Willowbrook Avenue at Compton Boulevard roughly in the center of Compton, California.
Sidcup railway station is a station in Sidcup, south east London within the London Borough of Bexley.
New Clee railway station serves the suburb of New Clee, Grimsby in North East Lincolnshire, England.
It was to have closed to passengers on Monday 18 January 1965 but closed prematurely on 14 December 1964 due to flood damage.
It is at the junction of the Waterloo to Reading line with the Ascot to Guildford line.
It serves the City of Lake Macquarie suburb of Booragul opening on 24 October 1926.
The station opened on 25 August 1980.
However, during off peak hours, usually all trains departing here terminate at Stadium.
Acle railway station is on the Wherry Lines in the east of England, serving the town of Acle, Norfolk.
Also provided around this time was a crossing loop.
Gardiner railway station is located on the Glen Waverley line, in Victoria, Australia.
Lisburn railway station serves the city of Lisburn in County Antrim, Northern Ireland.
St-Laurent is a station on Ottawa's transitway located at St. Laurent Boulevard and the Queensway.
It is the second station in Singapore that serves both an above-ground line and an underground line.
It can be reached by steps and elevator from an overhead concourse that leads from the adjacent bus transfer station and Walmsley Road.
The Semboku Rapid Railway Line uses both kanji and hiragana on the destination signs at the stations and on the destination displays on the trains.
Øresund Station is a station on the Copenhagen Metro located in the Sundbyøster district of Copenhagen.
Bickley railway station is on the Chatham Main Line in England, serving the town of Bickley in the London Borough of Bromley, south-east London.
Each ticket was stamped with the station name and date of purchase automatically.
It serves the town of Camperdown, and opened on 2 July 1883, as the terminus of the line from Colac.
As of 2015 it is managed by Great Western Railway, which is the third franchise to be responsible for the station since privatisation in 1997.
Most of the Skytrain line through the next three stations is located at ground level.
Mainline train services from the station are provided by Southern, and the station is on the Uckfield branch of the Oxted Line.
These gates were replaced with boom barriers in 1986.
Also, this is the only station with 2 tracks, 1 reserve route and 1 spur route.
Burneside railway station is in Burneside, Cumbria, England.
It is located on the Tyne Valley Line 23 miles east of Carlisle.
Its name refers to the neighborhood which it serves.
Futatsui Station is a JR East railway station located in Noshiro, Akita Prefecture, Japan.
The station is handicap friendly, with elevators and wheelchair ramps till the ticket concourse and platform.
It was designed by John Sidney Egan and Jan Kral and built from 1958 to 1959 by Railways Department.
The name "Guelph Central" was chosen with input from the community and the transit service providers using the new station.
The station house, according to volunteers that staff it, is the oldest structure built by the Pennsylvania Railroad which is still standing.
Service commenced in 1983 as an infill station on the short-lived CalTrain line.
On 28 August 2000, a third platform opened as part of the addition of a third track from Northgate.
The original passenger terminal, a one-story brick building completed in 1905, is still in use.
On 1 March 1910 the station was given its present name.
Greenbelt Metro is also the most accessible station to NASA workers and visitors via TheBus routes 15 and 15X, as well as Metrobus route G14.
Bungaree is a closed station located in the town of Bungaree, on the Ararat railway line in Victoria, Australia.
Trains do not usually stop at the station, except by prior arrangement.
Elmers End is a railway station and tram terminus in Elmers End, south London, England.
Services are formed using diesel multiple units of Classes 153, 156 or 158.
It is served by Amtrak's Silver Star passenger train.
Wrea Green railway station was on the Blackpool South to Kirkham line.
Long Branch GO Station is a stop on GO Transit's Lakeshore West line in the Long Branch neighbourhood of Toronto.
Between 1933 and 1975 the station was operated as part of the London Underground, as a short branch of the Northern line.
The track was subsequently lifted in the early 1980s, and a terrace of houses built in its place.
However, after four years, the turbine was only producing 9% of its projected output.
At the "country" end of the platforms the lines separate to the North Kent and Bexleyheath Lines.
Skegness railway station serves the seaside resort of Skegness in Lincolnshire, England.
A journey between St. John's Wood and Baker Street typically takes less than three minutes.
Tucson is an Amtrak train depot in Tucson, Arizona, served three times a week by the Sunset Limited and Texas Eagle trains.
The station's building also contains the offices of the Metro workers' trade union, the windows of which depict the front of a metro train.
CCTV signs were placed around the site, warning that footage of people could be used in a court of law.
Esher railway station is a mid-priority railway station on the South Western Main Line operated by South West Trains in England.
Silecroft Railway Station serves the village of Silecroft in Cumbria, England.
Kobe-Sannomiya Station, or simply Sannomiya Station, is located in the heart of Kobe, Japan.
The station takes its name from the nearby Ravenscourt Park and is in Travelcard Zone 2.
Rainhill is one of the oldest stations in the world, opening in 1830.
The station entrance is in Borough High Street, on the corner of Marshalsea Road.
KLIA Ekspres uses Platform A in both directions, while KLIA Transit uses Platform B in both directions.
The station was originally named Hackney Downs Junction until 1896.
This station has step-free access after the upgrades made to the station between October and December 2007.
Soon after the station was constructed, coal tar began seeping into the station and it was closed for two months.
It is located on the Tees Valley Line 7 miles west of Middlesbrough and 8 miles east of Darlington.
The station is served by local services operated by Great Western Railway.
Moe railway station is located on the Orbost line in Victoria, Australia.
It is located on the West Coastway Line that runs between Brighton and Southampton.
Amtrak and Greyhound provide regular service there.
Gunnislake railway station serves the village of Gunnislake in Cornwall, England.
The buildings are approximately 2,850 m² in size, and permit bogie repair and replacement, under carriage and overhead work.
Boom barriers have since been added to the level crossing.
Abashiri Station comes first in an alphabetical list of Japanese railway stations.
Port Hope railway station in Port Hope, Ontario, Canada, is one of the oldest Canadian passenger rail stations still in active use.
The station was situated on a loop siding off the main line and was only used for special events at the nearby Geelong Racecourse.
The historical significance of the station has been noted, and most of the site is Grade I listed.
It is currently managed by TfL Rail.
Boom barriers were provided at the Westgarth Street level crossing in 1968, replacing interlocking gates.
The station is on the double-track Reading to Basingstoke Line, and comprises two side platforms linked by a footbridge.
The station, and all trains serving it, are operated by Southern, and it lies in Travelcard Zone 3.
On 27 July 1877, the line was extended to Colac.
The station was extensively renovated in 1982, with further improvements in the mid-1990s.
It is nearly identical to Fullerton, minus the terminal status.
A new station building will be constructed that will integrate a multi-level parking structure.
Kamiiso Station is a railway station on the South Hokkaido Railway Line in Hokuto, Hokkaido, Japan, operated by South Hokkaido Railway Company.
Knebworth railway station serves the village of Knebworth in Hertfordshire, England.
It serves the town of Yandina in the Sunshine Coast Region.
Metro Guerrero has facilities for the handicapped and a cultural display.
Stoneleigh railway station is a railway station in the Epsom and Ewell district of Surrey, England.
For the latter line is the station its northern end station or terminus.
Change at Waterford for Kilkenny and also Dublin Heuston.
Notable places nearby include the Bank of America Corporate Center, Belk Theater, EpiCentre, Overstreet Mall and the Spectrum Center.
Danshøj station is an S-train junction between Vestbanen and Ringbanen in Copenhagen, Denmark.
Metro Santa Anita is a station on the Mexico City Metro.
It is 9 miles 25 chains down the line from Norwich on the route to Great Yarmouth.
Artistic elements at the station are inspired by African art.
The fireman, Alexander Campbell of Wick, died and the engine driver, David Mathieson of Wick was badly injured.
The surrounding area is known for the Zinkensdamms IP sports grounds, the Tantolunden Park, the Drakenberg area, and the STF Zinken hostel.
Opening day was on 28 August 1902 and the station closed, along with the others on the line, on 6 April 1929.
The line was rebuilt to the Gembrook terminus in 1998 by the Puffing Billy Railway.
East of the station is the Etherow Viaduct that crosses 120 feet over the River Etherow.
The most recognizable landmark near the station is Ayala Center, one of the most popular shopping centers in the Philippines.
It was truncated to Downingtown in November 1996 because of the need for trains to deadhead to Lancaster to turn around.
The reopened station has no ticket office.
The station has a full length island platform; however, the eastern end has been fenced off to a shorter two carriage train length.
For the similarly named Ampthill station see the article on Millbrook railway station
It is the closest station to Parliament Hill and the Parliament Buildings, and is very close to the World Exchange Plaza.
The station is a part of the common route shared by both the Ampang Line and Sri Petaling Line.
It was opened on 1 May 1852 as part of the Oxford, Worcester and Wolverhampton railway.
The station's name and logo evoke Miguel Hidalgo, the chief instigator of the Mexican War of Independence of 1810, after whom the nearby avenue is named.
Eisenhower Avenue on the Yellow Line is the other.
Since March 2016 Oyster cards have been accepted at Swanley, with the station being placed into London's fare zone 8.
A tea room, gift shop, disabled access and toilets, additional car parking, three small 'start-up' offices and a meeting room have been provided.
Two hundred yards west of the station is the Interstate/Rose Quarter station on the MAX Yellow Line.
It also provides Amtrak Thruway Motorcoach services to Orlando, Lakeland, Pinellas Park-St. Petersburg, Bradenton, Sarasota, Port Charlotte and Fort Myers.
Another 222 places were added in 2012 at a cost of £2.5 million.
Kropotkinskaya is a station on the Sokolnicheskaya Line of the Moscow Metro.
Norwood Junction railway station is a National Rail station in South Norwood of the London Borough of Croydon, south London and is in Travelcard Zone 4.
The station is of Victorian architecture with red brick and elaborate ceilings and pillars.
Mobberley railway station serves the village of Mobberley in Cheshire, England.
Melton railway station is located on the Serviceton line in Victoria, Australia.
A view of the London City Airport is available.
In 2002, a restoration and renovation were undertaken to redevelop the entire complex.
It is operated by Iarnród Éireann, the national railway operator.
Newport bus station is a bus terminus and interchange located in the city centre, Newport, South Wales.
The line, originally single track, was used for main line diversion trains during the floods of 1912.
It was replaced by Lisvane & Thornhill, a short distance to the south, and closed on 27 September 1986.
Passenger usage of the station has increased significantly within recent years with 22,860 entries and exits recorded in the 2014–15 period.
It had two platforms and a passing loop, an extensive goods yard and turntable.
The station, and all trains serving it, are operated by Northern.
The station, Category B listed, is single storied and has a cupola with windvane.
It is situated on the Walsall Line 9 miles north of Birmingham New Street, part of the former Grand Junction Railway, opened in 1837.
Northumberland Park Depot of London Underground's Victoria line is adjacent to the station.
It is on the Argyle Line, 8 miles east of Glasgow Central railway station.
The Skidmore Fountain station is a light rail station on the MAX Blue and Red Lines in Portland, Oregon.
South Shaanxi Road Station is the name of an interchange station between Lines 1 and 10 of the Shanghai Metro.
Its three-letter station code is REC and it is in Travelcard zone 2.
It also featured locomotive and carriage depots.
The station is 28 1⁄2 miles north of Inverness on the Far North Line towards Wick.
The LC&DR station operated between 1867 and 1911 and the LB&SCR station operated between 1870 and 1907.
The street address is 100 West High Avenue, and is located in the heart of downtown High Point.
The station opened in 1874 as a replacement for Bishopsgate station as the Great Eastern Railway's main London terminus.
East Richmond railway station is located on the Richmond line, serving the Sydney suburb of Richmond.
Despite the name, it is actually in Park Gate not Swanwick, which is one mile north of the station.
Crawfordsville is an Amtrak station on the Cardinal and Hoosier State lines in Crawfordsville, Indiana.
Many Algonquin College students and Centrepointe residents use this terminal to get to various points in the city, and of course, to get to the College.
Metro Tasqueña is a station on Line 2 of the Mexico City Metro system.
In May 2017, Metrolinx issued a request for qualification for the redevelopment of the station.
The railway from Castlemaine, via Maryborough, reached Dunolly on 6 October 1874.
The Turku Central railway station is a railway station in the VII District of Turku, Finland.
This building then remained disused for many years though in good condition, and is now used by Network Rail staff.
I. P. Pavlova is the busiest station on the Prague Metro, serving daily more than 118,000 people as of 2008.
Two morning peak hour services from Flinders Street terminate at Moorabbin and return to the city.
"Coyuya" is a Nahuatl toponym that means "place where cascabeles are made".
The Warrnambool freight train crosses the weekday morning Up train in the crossing loop.
It is one of the six above-ground stations of the Munich U-Bahn network and the only above-ground station on line U 5.
Buses conduct services from Inala bus station, through the Inala suburb to the surrounding suburbs and to railway stations nearest to Inala: Richlands, Darra, Oxley.
The location of the station is now a park with no trace of the station or goods yard.
This station used to be denoted by code N4 before the rail system map was revamped on August 2001.
A June 7, 2012 editorial in the Los Angeles Times described the station as "extremely unfriendly to pedestrians" and "a Third World train station."
The station was opened on 30 November 2000.
Today, a Shopmobility centre stands on the site of the original station building.
Woolamai was a railway station on the Wonthaggi line located on the Bass Coast, Victoria.
This station is on the West Highland Line.
Access from the east was via the main entrance to the goods sidings down the slope and around the side of the station via a gateway.
The station is fully staffed with ticketing and checked baggage services.
It lies on the Wakefield Line and the Dearne Valley Line, 18 1⁄4 miles north of Sheffield and is served by Northern.
^ Description of Wayne-Route 23 Park and Ride project from njtransit.com
New Cross Gate station is a railway station in New Cross, London, on the Brighton Main Line and the London Overground.
When opened it was called Castle Bar Park Halt.
It is named after the road underneath which is built.
It is served by Sydney Trains T1 Western line services.
Salisbury railway station is located on the Beenleigh Line in Queensland, Australia.
Caldicot railway station is a part of the British railway system owned by Network Rail and is operated by Arriva Trains Wales.
Northern operated a Saltburn to Whitehaven Coast to Coast special train using the Settle-Carlisle Railway liveried Class 156 DMU.
By the 1930s the station had ten staff.
It serves the northern Central Coast suburb of Tuggerah opening in 1890.
The station is served by local services operated by Great Western Railway.
A kilometre south of North Shore, the North Geelong Loop, first opened in 1903, connects the Melbourne to Geelong and Geelong to Ballarat lines.
It is located at the intersection of Universidad, Zapata, Municipio Libre, Felix Cuevas and Heriberto Frias.
It is on the Sokolnicheskaya Line, between Preobrazhenskaya Ploshchad and Ulitsa Podbelskogo stations.
The railway station is a stop on the scenic Cumbrian Coast Line 16 miles north of Barrow-in-Furness.
The station was opened on 1 September 1984, designed by Jouko Kontio and Seppo Kilpiä.
It serves the Blue Line and is the 17th stop eastbound on the current Eastside MAX branch.
It has 12 stands and is served by 14 Transperth routes operated by Path Transit, Swan Transit and Transdev WA.
Nordhavn station is an S-train station served by the A, H, B, C, and E services in Copenhagen, Denmark.
Towards Toronto, eastbound VIA train 84 stops at 08:40 & eastbound VIA train 88 stops at 21:05.
On 15 July 1996, the Fisherman Islands line to the Port of Brisbane opened to the north of the station.
The station has two platforms and a park and ride car park.
In 2008, construction of a new station building began.
Immediately south of the station, the Beaudesert line branches off.
Soon Lee Bus Park is an SBS Transit West District bus depot located in Jurong West, Singapore.
It serves the town of Castlemaine, and opened on 21 October 1862.
It serves the entire metropolitan rail network.
Bargeddie railway station is located in the village of Bargeddie, North Lanarkshire, Scotland, situated between the City of Glasgow and the town of Coatbridge.
The station, and all trains serving it, are operated by London Midland.
There were extensive sidings at Hilsea during World War II.
The station building is a private house now, but there are shelters on both platforms.
Nothing remains of the station, with the site now occupied by a road named Shaws Garth, just off Renacres Lane.
Euston is a London Underground station served by the Victoria line and both branches of the Northern line.
It is 5 miles 3 chains down-line from London Liverpool Street and is situated between Stoke Newington and Seven Sisters.
A limited number of Sligo and Longford to Dublin services stop at Drumcondra.
A PERTIS self-service ticket machine was provided on the Sittingbourne-bound platform in 2008.
Platform D is used exclusively by London Overground services.
Hatfield Peverel railway station is on the Great Eastern Main Line in the East of England, serving the villages of Hatfield Peverel and Nounsley, Essex.
The building was designed by architect William Tite and was used as a location in the 1945 film Brief Encounter.
Immediately east of the station the, Alamein line diverges south, with a flyover carrying the southbound line over the Lilydale and Belgrave lines.
Stabling facilities are located directly opposite to the station.
It opened as a Stopping Place on Monday 10 September 1928, as part of the Gembrook railway line.
Due to a growing population, planning permission has been submitted to increase the capacity of the station.
Snaresbrook is a London Underground station on the Central line, located in the area of Snaresbrook in North East London.
McMahons Point ferry wharf is located on the northern side of Sydney Harbour serving the Sydney suburb of McMahons Point.
Cathays station is now manned in peak hours, since the introduction of a new automated ticket barrier system in summer 2007.
Two platforms were provided, with the main building and goods shed being on the town side of the line.
In 2011/12 it was the 8th least used station on Melbourne's metropolitan network, with 153,000 passenger movements.
The station buildings were of all wood construction with flanking wooden platforms.
Transport for London once had plans to extend the Tramlink system to Crystal Palace.
Geelong Racecourse is a disused railway station on the Geelong-Warrnambool railway line in Breakwater, Victoria, Australia.
Nearby is a viaduct over the Nailbourne Stream, a tributary of the River Stour.
The station building still remains and is visible from the Western Highway and from inside the train.
Ansdell and Fairhaven railway station is on the Blackpool South to Preston railway line in Lancashire, England.
It is managed by Abellio Greater Anglia, which also operates all trains serving the station.
In September 1930, the standard gauge New South Wales North Coast line opened to the west of the station.
When the Tuas West Extension opened on 18 June 2017, trains terminating at Tuas Link will dwell at the station for a longer amount of time.
Wigan's other main station is Wigan North Western, which is about 110 yards away, on the opposite side of the street named Wallgate.
Station Road crosses the line by a level crossing and the station layout is unusual in that the platforms are not opposite each other.
Tramlink routes 4 and 3 serve the stop.
A ramp connects the platform with the small car park and Dungog Road.
It was soon discovered that this industrial waste was under much of the Lees Avenue area, necessitating a 12 million-dollar cleanup operation.
It comprises Up and Down platforms having brick buildings: the main building being on the Down side.
The station, parking lot, and passenger platform are owned by the City of Spokane.
The station closed with the railway under the Beeching Axe in March 1966.
It closed during the 1950s with the other stations on the Woodside line, except Yarram.
It reopened temporarily on 2 July 1956 before closing permanently on 6 March 1972.
Atlalilco in Nahuatl means: "where water is kept".
Access is from Atlantic Road via staircases.
It's currently under construction due to an expansion of the metro lines but the station is still open and operated during the expansion work.
It is 1 1⁄4 miles north of Cardiff Central.
Access directly to Stonewall Street is by nearby stairs and elevator.
The Somerset & Dorset Railway Heritage Trust took the lease on the station in 1995 to restore it.
The station was once the junction for the Timboon line, which branched off at the western end of the station.
The station opened on 1 August 1970.
It is currently managed by Abellio Greater Anglia, which also operates all trains serving the station.
It is served by the Central line and is between Woodford and Loughton.
It is served by the M1 line.
As part of the duplication of the line from Keon Park to Epping, a second side platform was added, and the existing station rebuilt.
It earned its architect the nickname of "Gingerbread George".
Arriva Trains Wales operate services to West Wales, Holyhead, Crewe and Manchester, as well as the South Wales Valley Lines.
It is the closest station to Aberdeen Airport, whose runway is located next to the station.
Hertford East railway station is one of two stations in Hertford in Hertfordshire, England, the other being Hertford North station.
A replacement second platform was opened in 1993 a short distance south of the original site.
Shields Road is one of the stations mentioned in Cliff Hanley's song The Glasgow Underground.
The concourse and the waiting room that extend over the tracks are viewed as a great architectural achievements.
The station building still stands adjacent to the by-pass and is used as the Bovey Tracey Heritage Trust Centre.
Bankstown railway station is located on the Bankstown line, serving the Sydney suburb of Bankstown.
It is situated at 45 Thomas Street, near Britannia Road and Mississauga Road.
Potters Bar railway station serves the town of Potters Bar in Hertfordshire, England.
The train and subway stations are not connected directly.
The station is on the Windermere Branch Line connecting Oxenholme and Windermere and is managed by Northern.
In the early 2000s,a number of houses were built on the car park.
This station is located at Northeast Third Street and Second Avenue.
Stevenage railway station serves the town of Stevenage in Hertfordshire, England.
Baillieston railway station is located in Caledonia Road on the southern boundary of the Baillieston area of Glasgow, Scotland.
The old station building houses the Heckington Station Railway and Heritage Museum.
However, on 16 February 2008, the car park was closed as part of the M74 enabling works.
The station was opened in 1899 by the Great Eastern Railway.
The ticket machine is of the newer secure design and only accepts Card Payments.
The station was 200 yards away from the Newton Heath Train Maintenance Depot.
The line runs between Cambridge in the west and Norwich in the east.
Narara railway station is located on the Main Northern line in New South Wales, Australia.
The station is 35½ miles south of London Victoria.
The station served as a terminus until the line was extended to Euston on 12 May 1907.
The quarry probably ceased operating in the 1930s.
In 2006 the railway from Oulu to Iisalmi was also electrified.
The station is a Grade-I heritage structure.
Between the two stations is 909 Davis Street, a six-story building, with a kiss-and-ride loop for car drop-off.
The design includes Crossrail Place, a roof garden.
It is directly underneath the centre of the financial area of Raffles Place, located in the Downtown Core area, south of the Singapore River.
The Atlantic City terminal is a 5-track, 3-platform terminal located inside of the Atlantic City Convention Center.
The station is smaller than the main one serving Exeter, St Davids, which is situated on the west side of the city.
Some East Midlands Trains also stop at Eccles Road.
The station, and all trains serving it, are operated by London Midland.
To the south of the station is Heald Green Junction, a triangular junction for the branch to Manchester Airport.
The suburban train stabling yard near the station opened in May 1972, as part of the City Loop project.
Leatherhead railway station is in Surrey, England.
Holmesglen railway station is located on the Glen Waverley line in Victoria, Australia.
Meltham Railway Station is a Transperth railway station 5.5 km from Perth railway station, in Western Australia, on the Midland Line.
This is one of the five railway stations serving Milton Keynes.
Trains do not normally stop at Fielder.
In 1952 the area suffered a severe landslide, during which the line and halt moved around 25 feet towards the river.
A PERTIS passenger-operated self-service ticket machine was installed on the Strood-bound platform in 2007–08.
Finedon railway station was built by the Midland Railway in 1857 on its extension from Leicester to Bedford and Hitchin.
The Western standard gauge line passes to the west of Platform 1.
All trains are operated by Southeastern, which provides the majority of commuter and regional services to south-east London and Kent.
It is the second largest station in Kyushu with 120,000 users daily.
It is the first stop outside the city of Birmingham on the tram-only alignment.
The station is between Lancaster Gate and Bond Street stations on the Central line, and is in Travelcard Zone 1.
It is located on the Fremantle line, 14.2 kilometres from Perth station serving the suburbs of Mosman Park and Cottesloe.
It is used by about 80,000 travelers and visitors each day and is therefore by far the busiest station in Rhineland-Palatinate.
Route 51 York University - Pickering GO Station
London Midland manages the station and runs most of the trains that serve it.
Work commenced in September 1872 from Burrumbeet, with little excavation required over the plains to Ballarat, with the line and station opened in August 1874.
The station closed to goods in 1963: passenger services were withdrawn when the SDJR closed on 7 March 1966.
It is served by the Port Klang Line.
Nearby was the works of Isaac Dodds and Son who supplied the early locomotives for the S&R.
Banoon railway station is located on the Beenleigh line in Queensland, Australia.
Utatsu Station was a JR East railway station located in Minamisanriku, Miyagi Prefecture, Japan.
Both station houses are near Virginia State University and Rogers Stadium.
By the 1980s, it was threatened with closure, but was reprieved because of commuter traffic on the London to Aylesbury Line and from High Wycombe.
Hand gates protected the Glenroy Road level crossing until 1965, when boom barriers were provided.
Parramatta railway station is located on the Main Western line, serving the Sydney suburb of Parramatta.
Duke Street Railway Station is a railway station in Glasgow, Scotland.
Moorabbin railway station is located on the Frankston line, in Victoria, Australia.
There is also Burma Bazaar, which sells foreign merchandise in small shops outside of the station.
The station and all trains that call are operated by Southeastern.
Up until 1951 it was the terminus station, but the line was extended to Grini in 1948 and to Østerås in 1972.
Stadelhofen lies close to the Zürich Opera House and near Bellevue Square.
Lancaster Gate is a London Underground station located on the Central line near Lancaster Gate on Bayswater Road in Bayswater, to the north of Kensington Gardens.
On the DLR it is a terminus for local services via Canning Town.
Merrylands railway station is located on the Main South line, serving the Sydney suburb of Merrylands.
That through link was closed in 1968 and the line now terminates at Penarth.
Automatic staff exchangers were provided around May 1927.
The station's lessees are currently attempting to raise $50,000 for building repairs.
Often flooding occurs in this area, and shuttle buses between the two stations are used as substitutes for trolley cars.
It serves the south-eastern Melbourne suburb of Caulfield East, opening on 7 May 1879.
This is the last station on the English part of the Borderlands Line before it reaches Wales.
The TriMet owned station does not have a parking lot nor bus connections.
This station is 13.5 miles north west from Bristol Temple Meads on the Severn Beach Line.
It is located on the Shotts Line, 13 miles south east of Glasgow Central towards Edinburgh Waverley and is also on the Argyle Line.
It is located on the Geelong side of the junction of the Ballarat and Melbourne lines.
The station, and all trains serving it, are operated by South West Trains.
On 23 October 1933 District line services were replaced by Piccadilly line trains.
It was the terminus of a 7¼ mile branch line from Denver which opened on 1 August 1882 and finally closed to all traffic in 1965.
It serves the Brisbane suburb of Bowen Hills.
United Nations LRT station, also known as UN Avenue LRT station, is a station on the Manila LRT.
This line is now part of the Midland Main Line between Long Eaton and Derby
This station will serve as the eastern terminus for the Confederation Line beginning in 2023.
The station was severely damaged in the 1989 Loma Prieta earthquake, but continued serving trains at an adjacent building.
The station is served by local services operated by Great Western Railway from Paddington to Reading stations.
It is the southern terminus of the Paris–Marseille railway.
Traditionally only served by commuter trains, the station was branded as Lysaker/Fornebu from 1990 to 2000 because of its vicinity to Oslo Airport, Fornebu.
Scotsgap was a stone built railway station in Northumberland on the Wansbeck Railway that served the villages of Scots' Gap and Cambo.
It is 10 miles 21 chains down-line from London Charing Cross and is situated between Grove Park and Chislehurst stations.
It is located on the Joondalup line, 23 kilometres from Perth station serving the suburb of Edgewater.
A number of train stabling sidings are near the station, as is a little used goods yard to the south of the station.
It is named after the Pole Mokotowskie park nearby.
The station has an island platform reached by stairs.
The station operated until the line closed in 1965.
It is located on the Armadale line, 21 kilometres from Perth station serving the suburb of Gosnells.
It was opened with the line on 18 December 1900 and closed on 30 April 1954.
It was the last of the stations between Preston and Lancaster to close, on 3 February 1969.
It is served by Sydney Trains T4 Eastern Suburbs & Illawarra Line services and NSW TrainLink South Coast Line services.
The main island platform has a buffet.
Tachikawa Station is a railway station in Tachikawa, Tokyo, Japan, operated by East Japan Railway Company.
It began operation on December 29, 2007.
It lies approximately halfway along the Medway Valley Line 9.99 mi from Paddock Wood; 11 mi from Strood) and train services are provided by Southeastern.
It is the nearest subway station for the Citizens Theatre, O2 Academy Glasgow, Glasgow Sheriff Court and Glasgow Central Mosque.
Nearby is the bus station for long-distance buses.
Merode is a railway and metro station in Brussels, Belgium.
Cergy – Le Haut is not yet fully developed so fields are next to the station and next to seven storey high apartment buildings.
It serves the town of Menangle, opening on 1 July 1863.
The original, listed 1863 John Whitton brick station building remains.
Two other railway platforms existed in the area.
Trains from here connect the city of Thiruvananthapuram to major cities of India.
Shizukuishi Station is a railway station on the Tazawako Line in the town of Shizukuishi, Iwate Prefecture, Japan, operated by East Japan Railway Company.
It is located on Greenford Road north of the junction with Whitton Avenue, on the border between the London Boroughs of Harrow and Ealing.
It is said to be the shortest operational branch railway line in Europe.
Kennishead railway station is a railway station in Kennishead, a district of Glasgow, Scotland.
Dingwall railway station serves Dingwall, in the Highland council area of Scotland.
Doai Station is a railway station on the Joetsu Line in Minakami, Gunma, Japan, operated by the East Japan Railway Company.
The station was closed for repairs from 11 April 2015 to 10 May 2015.
As of October 2011, there are no Great Western Railway trains stopping at Dean, although the station is still managed by the company.
Atlalilco is a transfer station between the Line 12 and Line 8.
The Milan suburban railway service, however, does not use Milano Centrale but the other mainline stations: Porta Garibaldi, Cadorna and Rogoredo.
Bexley railway station is in the London Borough of Bexley in south-east London, in Travelcard Zone 6.
The station is owned and managed by Northern, which provides all passenger train services.
Aldershot railway station is located near the town centre of Aldershot in Hampshire, England.
The station is 86.0 rail kilometers from Tokyo Station.
Totnes railway station serves the towns of Totnes and Dartington in Devon, England.
It is between Amersham and Wendover stations.
From 1929 onwards the four station staff were replaced by a 'Porter-in-charge' until 1967.
The station was opened during the 1890s and operated until the 1970s.
It was upgraded to a Premium station on 26 February 1996.
It is situated in the district of Norrmalm at Vasagatan/Central Plan.
It is adjacent to, and on a lower level than, Catford railway station on the Catford Loop line.
Churchill station is an Edmonton Light Rail Transit station in Edmonton, Alberta.
Botanic Gardens station is the only MRT station in Singapore to have an official Malay name.
The station is used by 59 million people every year and is one of the busiest in Italy.
The Central line and Chiltern Railways platforms and ticket office hall are managed by LU.
In 2010 the disused branch platform is still in situ.
Iwakiri Station is a railway station on the Tōhoku Main Line in Miyagino-ku, Sendai, Miyagi, Japan, operated by East Japan Railway Company.
It is 5 miles 57 chains down the line from London Victoria and is situated between West Dulwich and Penge East.
Lee station is a suburban station on Burnt Ash Hill in Lee in south-east London, England, between Hither Green and Mottingham on the Dartford loop.
Although outside the London fare zones 1 to 6, the station became part of the Oyster card pay-as-you-go network in 2010.
Heswall railway station is a railway station located on the eastern edge of the town of Heswall on the Wirral Peninsula, England.
München Marienplatz is an important stop on the Munich S-Bahn and U-Bahn network, located under the square of the same name in Munich's city centre.
The section of track through the location of the station is now maintained by the Yarra Valley Railway, which is based at Healesville.
Graceville railway station is a heritage-listed railway station at 110 Long Street, Graceville, City of Brisbane, Queensland, Australia.
Euston was constructed as two separate underground stations.
These facilities remained in place for over 20 years from the station's opening by which time their condition was declining.
The bus station is the terminus for journeys between the city and other towns in United Kingdom and international journeys.
In 2014, the station served 224,505 trains and 27 million passengers.
It is approximately 4 kilometres north of Helsinki Central railway station.
Rolleston station is around half a mile from the small village of Rolleston, one of the Trent side villages close to Southwell in Nottinghamshire, England.
Trains are scheduled to depart from O'Hare roughly every 2–7 minutes during rush-hour periods and take about 40 minutes to travel to the Loop.
It was situated between Limehouse and Millwall Junction stations, 2 miles 35 chains down-line from Fenchurch Street.
It serves the eastern Melbourne suburb of Richmond opening on 21 October 1901.
The other 4 stations on Mumbai's heritage list include Byculla, Bandra, CST and Churchgate.
It is one of the only two stations in the current National Rail Timetable officially to have the suffix "halt".
Beyond the station, the line continues for a further five kilometres to Dennington, and is used by freight trains.
This station has two tile murals designed by Francisco Letelier, entitled El Sol and La Luna.
Hunmanby railway station serves the village of Hunmanby in North Yorkshire, England.
Heathrow Terminal 4 is a railway station serving London Heathrow Terminal 4 at London Heathrow Airport.
The York University GO Station officially opened on September 6, 2002, though it had been put into service earlier.
The station was opened on 20 November 1970 with service along Line 3.
With 109,000 passengers in the first six months of 2011, it is the 10th-busiest Tri-Rail station.
Rakurakuen is a Hiroden station on Hiroden Miyajima Line, located in Rakurakuen, Saeki-ku, Hiroshima.
It serves the south-eastern Melbourne suburb of Ripponlea opening on 1 May 1912.
The same exit leads to a parking lot.
75 people were injured in the collision.
In order to speed up traffic on the line, most of the intermediate stations including Ganton were closed to passenger traffic in 1930.
Buildings surrounding the square include the Metropolitan Cathedral, Palacio Nacional, where the President's office is located, and the Mexico City Town Hall.
Helensburgh railway station is located on the South Coast railway line in New South Wales, Australia.
Named after the Lisgar neighbourhood in which it is located, which is itself named after Lord Lisgar, second Governor General of Canada from 1869-1872.
Ōkawadai Station is a railway station on the JR East Tsugaru Line located in the town of Imabetsu, Aomori Prefecture, Japan.
It serves students of the nearby Osaka Gakuin University.
The station has four platforms which face three tracks.
Caerphilly railway station is a railway station serving the town of Caerphilly, south Wales.
Watlington station lies on the Fen Line from Cambridge to King's Lynn, which is electrified at 25 kV AC overhead.
The station, and all trains serving it, are operated by Southeastern.
The station is located on North Andrews Way, west of North Andrews Avenue and I-95, and south of West Cypress Creek Road.
The station is located in the network area of the Verkehrsverbund Rhein-Sieg.
Shorncliffe railway station is the terminus station of the Shorncliffe line in Queensland, Australia.
The roads and areas surrounding this LRT station serve as important bus terminals.
The logo for the station depicts the bow of an Aztec canoe travelling through a canal.
Cockle Creek railway station is located on the Main Northern line in New South Wales, Australia.
It is in the London Borough of Merton and is in Travelcard Zone 4.
The automated voice for the station was used in the song "Chamber the Cartridge" by the melodic hardcore band, Rise Against.
Being at the centre of Lujiazui, the station is of significance to the area.
There is no sign of the station now, which was near the level crossing of Hermitage Road.
The new exit features signage displayed at Gallery Place-Chinatown and newer stations.
The station is 63.8 kilometers from the starting point of the Tokaido Main Line at Tokyo Station.
Platform 4: Currently disused, served trains from South Acton continuing via Chiswick.
Sakaida Station is a railway station on the Rikuu East Line in Mogami, Yamagata, Japan, operated by East Japan Railway Company.
The main entrance is in Lee Street.
O'Hare bound trains take 10 minutes to reach the airport from Harlem.
East Midlands Trains services from Leeds, Sheffield and Leicester run through at speed, but do not stop.
The others are Dorking and Dorking Deepdene.
It is notable for having a different layout than other underground stations on the line.
Crowhurst railway station is on the main London - Tunbridge Wells - Hastings line in East Sussex in England, and serves Crowhurst.
It was built to serve the village of Wortley, near Sheffield, South Yorkshire, England.
It is the last station on the Ipswich line located within Brisbane.
It serves the eastern Melbourne suburb of Upwey opening on 3 June 1901.
Serving the local village of Launching Place, the station operated until the line closed in 1965.
A substation is situated at the northern end of the station.
Ascot railway station is located on the Pinkenba line in Queensland, Australia.
The station was the site of a train collision on 20 November 1989.
Civic station closed on 25 December 2014, when the Newcastle line was truncated to terminate at Hamilton.
Tower Gateway is a Docklands Light Railway station near the Tower of London.
Jalan Tun Sambanthan, a main road in Brickfields, is also named after V. T. Sambanthan and is the location of the preceding KL Sentral monorail terminus.
Delta Park/Vanport is a light rail station on the MAX Yellow Line in Portland, Oregon.
The ticket office at Dorking station is open seven days a week and sells tickets for all National Rail services.
Yōga Station is a railway station on the Tōkyū Den-en-toshi Line located in Setagaya, Tokyo, Japan.
Northallerton railway station is on the East Coast Main Line in the United Kingdom, serving the town of Northallerton, North Yorkshire.
Parson Street railway station serves the western end of Bedminster in Bristol, England.
The station is located on one of the fastest parts of the East Coast Main Line.
